Dean breathes in the cinnamon and bourbon scents, subtle honey beneath. He loves this scent the most and Cain always slips one in, regardless of what else Dean orders. He wonders, as he often has in the past few months, what the story is behind this particular combination of fragrances. Not everything has a story, of course. But Dean has noticed that most things are labeled simply, describing the main scent; Peppermint, Pine and Cinnamon, Coffee. And a few things have more fanciful titles, like Collette’s Favorite and, of course, First Kiss.
“ I know,” Dean gets out on a heavy sigh. He does know. And once he got his head outta his ass after those few months of throwing himself the world’s hugest pity party, he’d understood, too. Sitting here across from Cain’s intense gaze, reminiscing over the start of their relationship, Dean realizes they haven’t actually talked about the specifics of their break up, the circumstances leading up to that heartbreaking morning when Cain had packed his bags and told Dean that he was not coming back. God, it still hurts, remembering. And Dean can see in Cain’s eyes, right now, that those memories hurt the older man just as much. So, Dean pulls his arm free, twisting until their hands are folded together. “ It took me a while, but I finally figured it out.”
It’s almost an accusation, Gabriel’s tone practically daring him to refute the claim of contentment. And Castiel almost,
That eases up the tension holding Dean’s body in its rigid position hunched in his seat on the couch. Cas and the kids are safe, for the moment.  He finds the TV remote and pauses the episode of
and a laughing emoticon. Castiel likes emojis, but he still feels more comfortable with the simple pictographs he first learned to make back in the day.
His phone buzzes, but Dean leaves it safely in his pocket. He’s compelled to keep moving, to get Baby on the road and get home and face to face with this incredible man that he hasn’t been able to get out of his head since the moment he walked into that damn exam room five months ago.  It seems another lifetime ago. That lonely time Before Cas dimming with each passing day of smiles and laughter. And now… Two amazing kids. Light and warmth in blue eyes.
Another few moments and Castiel hears the telltale sound of Claire’s breathing evening out into sleep. He lingers, just a minute longer, enjoying the soothing motions and soft sounds. It helps smooth over his frayed nerves, from the nightmare fright and the thought of Dean leaving. Which is a bit excessive, when Castiel thinks about it. It wasn’t just about wanting to see more of those remarkable panties. It wasn’t just that he didn’t want to disappoint Dean, again, having their plans thwarted. Or even about not having a proper goodbye if Dean decided to leave.
“ Glad to see the weather hasn’t gotten them down,” Cain interrupts from the open doorway, hands full of a large pan, a small bag hanging off his elbow. “ Though I suppose the rain merely escalates their energy while indoors.”
After returning from the zoo and a luxurious two hour nap, the children had begged to play on the slip-and-slide. It had happily whiled away the afternoon and evening. With the children immersed in a nature show Netflix binge, Castiel had come outside to pick up the plastic sheeting and hose, the toys strewn about the front yard. One of Jack’s many bouncy balls escapes his hold, rolling down the hill and curving down the drive toward Dean’s side of the house. Castiel gives chase before it gets too far ahead of him, snatching it up as he skids to a halt in front of Dean’s garage door. Which suddenly slides open to reveal Dean and the beautiful classic car that has triggered his flashback.
This was not a date. Even though they technically shared dinner and two movies together. With two children. That Dean helped put to bed and he’s never going to take for granted that warmth that suffuses his entire being when Jack and Claire give him goodnight hugs.
“ Yeah,” Dean gathers his wits and gets a head nod in before a twitch of his hips brings their clothed hard-ons into contact and he loses his sanity for another moment. “ Oh, god, Cas, ” he breathes heavily, foreheads pressed together. Dean tilts his chin to land a few kisses before pulling back enough to make legitimate eye contact. “ I’m so okay with this. Are you?”
“ I know,” Castiel slumps back toward the living room. He’s honestly in too good a mood to deny his brother’s inferences. Hasn’t wanted to deny his own feelings on the matter for a while now. Especially after the evil dragon fiasco. Especially since Castiel found his practically-adopted son curled up on top of his could-be boyfriend. Still… “ But
Castiel takes a slow, deep breath through his nose, his gaze never straying from the woman’s face, and pushes on. He needs information, not bragging. “ Are we done here?” Castiel has his suspicions, but would like to have them confirmed.
The cum is already cooling on his fist, but Dean continues to stroke slowly through the mess, wringing out the last bits of pleasure from Cas’ orgasm. Christ, the man is beautiful. Sexy as hell. Dean attempts to shift, careful of his own greasy hard on straining against tight fabric, and noses at Cas’ cheek before placing a soft kiss on the stubble. Cas gives a tiny whimper and a weak thrust of his hips. Dean grins. “ Doin’ good?”
Castiel forces his eyes to open to the sight of Dean at eye level over the edge of the mattress. Strong scents of toothpaste and shampoo waft across the sheets. “ Hey, beautiful.”
“ Hmm?” Cas murmurs but doesn’t stop nuzzling. In fact he licks along the crease of Dean’s arm and nibbles where it joins the shoulder.
Cas shakes his head in the embrace, face still hidden. “ No, no, it’s not…” He takes in an unsteady breath, releasing it hot and moist against Dean’s throat. “ It’s okay.”
He does however, hit up the additions station. And because it’s a big morning for him, he splurges on a splash of half and half and what the hell, a sprinkle of cinnamon. Dean’s pretty sure he’s read somewhere that cinnamon is supposed to be good for digestion or something.
Jack shifts against Dean’s side, but doesn’t try to clamber over him. The boy merely taps the simple dark green cover and repeats, “ Dat mama an Taire mama an-hells.”
I apologize if I misread the situation or ever made you feel obligated to endure my behavior. I want you to know that I care deeply about you, Dean. The children think the world of you.
Sam hesitates, but eyes the coffee and donuts with obvious desire. “ Yeah, okay. Here, trade.” He hands the empty bottle to Dean and takes the blanket, loosely wrapping it around Alex as Dean sets the bottle near the sink.
There’s nothing fancy about the Hunter Hollow Roadhouse, inside or out (much like its distant cousin in South Dakota), though the inside is definitely much newer since Benny had it renovated only four years ago. The building is an old, single story dive that most people wouldn’t glance twice at along the two lane highway that connects Antioch and Mt. Juliet, where there’s constant new growth and the nearest ramp to I-40. It used to be even more rundown when it was a shady biker bar called Purgatory, run by one badass bitch named Eve. Eventually there’d been one drug bust too many and Eve had abandoned ship, leaving her long time bartender, Benny LaFitte, in the lurch. Benny had managed to avoid jail time and purchased the building at foreclosure and sunk his meager savings into turning the place into an aboveboard bar and grill. Now the Roadhouse is filled during the weekdays with the lunch crowd eager to fill up on amazing burgers and fries (Benny had to hire another fry cook just to handle the to-go orders) and on the weekends a slightly rowdier crowd streams in to sample homemade gumbo and either sing off key during karaoke on Fridays or kick back and enjoy whatever local band Benny’s scrounged up for Saturday night.
Dean’s memory clears the tiniest bit. “ I grabbed your coat collar.” Thick wool, warm and dry, smelling of Cain’s soap.
“ Has Dean texted yet?” Claire shifts her pumpkin into the crook of her elbow and takes Castiel’s hand.
Jack instantly hugs Dean’s arm, wide eyes and wobbly lip turned up. “ Sowwy, Din.” Apparently, Claire has explained his part in the injury.
Castiel almost misses the little exhale from across the table, relief flooding Dean’s visibly tense frame. He had obviously been more worried about Claire’s reaction than Castiel had expected. Smiling at the younger man, Castiel replies to his daughter, “ Well, I can pass on the candy to you and Jack, but I do happen to like daisies very much.”
Gabriel’s mouth drops open in exaggerated shock, his hands coming up to frame his scandalized expression. “ Cassie! Have you been dragging this poor man along the entire time?”
She’s already laughing. “ Turn tail and run then.  Gonna introduce myself whether you’re out here or not, Clar-ence.” Meg singsongs his name as the Impala carefully edges down the opposite side of the driveway. It pulls to a stop outside the garage door and Meg is walking towards it before Castiel can catch her arm and force her into her own car.
Cas comes back to Dean and takes both hands in his, both pairs still cold from outside. Blue eyes soft and sincere. Little smile barely crinkling the edges. “ Take a breath, Dean.” One hand reaches up to press firmly against Dean’s chest, the pressure solid even through his thick canvas coat as Dean takes in a deep breath and exhales slowly.  “ How about, you take the bathroom first while I send annoying reminders to Gabriel about Jack’s propensity toward sleepwalking, and I’ll use the bathroom while you get comfortable. We’ll meet in the bed when we’re both done. Okay?’
“ I’m getting to it.” Castiel smirks and Dean uncovers his face to grin back. Castiel slings a leg over Dean’s body and shuffles down, propping himself on elbows to get a good view of the denim covered crotch below his chin. “ But first…”
he comforts himself and lets Claire hop onto the counter to unlock the deadbolts, then hop down to unlock the knob. She’s down the steps and around the car before Castiel can get himself and Jack out of the house and close the door behind them.
The images at the top catches Castiel’s attention because the first three are all photos of Nicholas Adler at various press conferences. His forehead wrinkles with his frown as he clicks on the close up image. It’s Nicholas from several years ago, promoting one of his company’s newest talents; a beautiful rockabilly redhead standing coldly at his side. Castiel stares at each face in turn, searching for Ruby. There’s a dark ponytail and black leather shoulder behind Nicholas and Castiel back arrows and finds a few more photos from the same event, from different angles. And there she is.
“ Then just make an extra nice dinner at your place. Or hell, I can give you some numbers and you can just have it catered. No work, no fuss, all the yummy rewards. And you two can quietly shag after the kiddos go to bed.”
As each child goes up to choose an item and the parents thank Rowena for an excellent storytime, Castiel keeps Jack entertained until the line dwindles down. And, takes the time to check his phone. Nothing yet.
“ Good, good.” The balding man rubs his hands together, in a not quite maniacal way. More like a child imitating his favorite cartoon villain. “ You seem to be getting along over there. Garth speaks very highly of you.”
Castiel had loved Amelia, in his own way he was certain, but what they had together was more about comfort and expectation. Easy to convince themselves of a deeper authentic connection when everyone around them kept commenting on how well they got along. Easy to fall into two years without arguments, without hardship, without any real passion.  Officially ending it had merely been the natural progression of their drifting apart. And indulging in emotion fueled break-up sex had not been the best of ideas, but he’d never regretted Claire’s conception. But, even without the sharing of a child, he and Amelia would have remained close friends. They seemed made for it. After Amelia, Castiel had gone back to the single life with much less enthusiasm than before.  He scratched the itch when it arose. Did his best to avoid awkward morning afters and any emotional attachments from his partners.
Gabriel snorts and goes back to his bacon. “ Really starting to like you, despite my better judgment.”
Dean noticed the thin white lines dragging from Cas’ elbow up into the short shirtsleeve he was wearing that first day when Cas and the kids greeted him as he moved in. He’s always wondered how Cas got them and how extensive they are. But he’s never seen Cas shirtless and never got up the nerve to ask. Seemed too personal, even as friends. But he’s noticed, every time, how Cas doesn’t seem overly embarrassed by the scars (even seems to forget about them most of the time), but still unconsciously moves to cover them when they come under scrutiny..
“ I never found it particularly emotional either, until…” Cas glances at the kids’ bowed heads and then lets his gaze fall and remain on Dean. “ Well, until I was given a different perspective on life.” He smiles now, soft and self deprecating. “ A very parental perspective.”
“ You won’t be smiling once he upchucks. But, thank you.” Missouri is grinning at him as she passes by, files in hand, disappearing into her office.
Okay, that’s actually ringing a tiny bell. Mostly due to the gruesome details.“ Wasn't it that douchey trust fund psycho? I thought they arrested him.” Dean vaguely remembers seeing a few headlines on his social media sites. He remembers Sam hadn’t been on the case, but one of his used-to-be colleagues at the firm is defending the accused.
Families slowly exit the story room until the last child turns away from Rowena with a wave and Jack seizes his chance. “ Tissies, ‘Weena!” He flings himself against her side and performs a perfect
Alex kicks his legs. Dean laughs and turns back to the pot of bubbling chicken cacciatore soup on the stove. “ Yeah, you’re right. Excess went out with the 80s. We’ll just have dinner, turn on some Dr. Sexy MD, and maybe get some cleaning done. How’s that sound, huh?”
But he already feels the loss of what could have been. Which is basically what he has now but with cuddles and sexy times.
Before Castiel can answer, Dean reappears hauling a floppy stuffed teddy bear nearly twice his size through the living room and into the den.  Claire and Jack each have one of the bear’s feet, and the sheer joy of their expressions causes Castiel’s own grin to stretch wider. Even Cain is smiling happily at the trio dragging their prize to the somewhat empty corner by the couch. As soon as it’s on the floor, Dean flops back onto it bodily, the children trapping him by folding the bear’s limp arms over his middle. Dean plays it up for laughs and Jack’s squeals are particularly delightful as Dean falls back dramatically each time Jack pushes on his chest.
The button is undone. And the next. And the next. Dean gasps quietly each time, Cas’ thick fingers grazing his sensitive belly.
“ Stay the night.”  Cas disentagles their fingers and smooths his palms along the planes of Dean’s chest, the softness of his belly. Back up to tenderly cradle Dean’s face.  Intense blue gaze never wavering from green. “ I want you so goddamn much, Dean. Wanted you for so long and we tried to take it slow and be sensible with our schedules but I don’t give a shit about sensible anymore and you’re
Instead of staying with them at Bobby’s. Dean sighs, but honestly, this is better than he’d expected. His first thought when he realized it was his brother calling had been that Sam was canceling the trip altogether. The tightness in his middle relaxes a bit, enough for him to cover with a lame joke.“ Awww, but I put a scented candle in the upstairs bathroom. Just for you.”
“ Wha?” Dean repeats, nearly dropping the food from his mouth around the word. He chokes it down and tries again. “ Nobody’s glowing.” And he can’t say anything about the name because he knows whose name she’s talking about and he’s not getting into it with her tonight. Pamela is practically fucking psychic and Dean has learned not to draw her attention. But tonight is not his night, apparently, so he ups his deflection game. “ What about you and the big guy?” He points his own spoon at the very tall imposing man sitting on Pamela’s right. Dean was properly introduced to Gadreel Ezekiel -Zeke- Adler a month ago, as he was picking Pamela up from the clinic and has not exchanged anything more than a nod of greeting since. Zeke is the very definition of the
“ Very. I think we should go get some hot chocolate from Starbucks before our movie, to wake me up. What do you think?”
“ Deal,” Claire agrees after a moment’s thought. She dumps the leftover candy back into her pumpkin and slaps her hand against Dean’s raised palm.
Dean nods and Castiel forces his feet to move back toward his door and out into the cold once again.  He hears the click of the door, click of the lock, two soft thuds of the deadbolts sliding into place. He can’t hear the keypad, but he trusts Dean to reset the system. He takes a deep breath and gets back into the Continental.
It’s a knowing look and Castiel clears his throat and makes his way back into the kitchen before his face literally burns off with embarrassment. “ Rest, Dean. I’ll get the kitchen set up.”
Dean snaps out of his daze and literally hops in place. “ Oh, yeah! Let’s get into the A/C.” He waits until Castiel picks up Jack to walk up the steps before falling into pace behind him. Not to check out Castiel’s ass in the threadbare pajama pants, no. Absolutely not. But he does notice how nice it is. And his thighs. Just a passing glance, nothing more. So unprofessional.
Rowena’s Witching Hour has apparently become a much loved tradition here at Hunters Hollow Library, the children’s librarian beginning it nearly thirty years prior when she first started working there. To the point that she now has three different sittings throughout the Haunting the Library event for the last ten years. The first one is always the most popular, parents wanting to get the younger children to bed sooner. The last one, at six thirty, has taken on a creepier atmosphere to keep the older children entertained. Castiel hopes it’s not too much for Claire who admires Rowena but has a very active imagination. For Jack, who adores Rowena and demands kissies every time he sees her, Castiel isn’t too worried.
Cas is the first to pull back and step away. He's staring openly at Dean, a mix of emotions warring on his face. “ Dean… I can’t.”
Sam is not great, but Jess is even worse and it makes for amazing entertainment. A few others go and Dean is in the middle of a conversation about restoring old Harleys when Benny calls Pamela’s number from the stage. She performs an on point rendition of
There’s that hesitation again and Dean decides he won’t push it. He doesn’t mind being the only partially naked person at the moment. But Cas takes a breath, pulling away, hands slipping from Dean’s body to grasp his own hemline and tug the sweatshirt over his head before Dean can protest the sudden action.
Cas finally releases him, nipples swollen and spit shiny, only to push the shirts higher and drag his lips across a firm pec to rest softly in the center of Dean’s faded anti-possession tattoo. Since taking the plunge together, they haven’t really had time to explore each other properly, but whenever Cas manages to expose the bold flaming circle and pentagram inked below his collarbone the older man lavishes it with sweet attention. Even without knowing its history (other than Sam having an identical design, inked together right before the younger Winchester left for Stanford), Cas can sense its significance to Dean and treats it accordingly. Just another reason Dean has fallen so hard for this blue eyed angel of a man.
There’s a long moment of silence, just Tom crooning away, then John’s gruff voice interjects. “ He still coming down?”
Both men shoot her barely heated glares and rise from their spots on the floor to very carefully move the large wooden entertainment center back against the wall. Once done, Sam flops beside Jess on the couch and Dean drops into the recliner crammed into the corner.
, does despite his earlier mood. Because the harder Gabriel pushes- gentle, but persistent- the more he stirs up Castiel’s hopes that a relationship is a realistic and achievable goal. Not just some casual crush to fantasize about when he feels lonely, while convincing himself of its impossibility. But with those hopes is a current of doubt, deeply ingrained, that reminds him that happiness can be dangerous. That happiness lowers his carefully built protective walls, even blinds him at times, leaving him open for disappointment and heartbreak, at the very least. With his life now, it could very well lead to physical harm, to him and the children. And all because his heart flutters whenever Dean turns that soft smile his way.  “ ...I am. God help me, but I really am.”
Then Claire jerks back and reaches into the kangaroo pocket of her borrowed hoodie. “ I almost forgot!” She pulls out a small plastic llama and leans over the couch arm again. Dean watches, fascinated, as Claire places the llama on Dean’s thigh, near Alex’s feet. “ Gra,” she exhales the single syllable with an intensity Dean’s only ever seen on the faces of ER nurses trying to find a usable vein. Alex kicks a bit, but is mostly just mesmerized by the long hair still fluttering nearby. Claire nods, seemingly satisfied, and nods again at Dean. “ You’re welcome.”
“ Seriously, it’s okay, Cas. Promise.” Dean waves it off and closes his door. “She gets worse just being parked at the grocery store. I’ll see ya later, ‘kay?” He waves to Cas and the kids and carefully pulls off, completely happy with this little detour.
Dean watches over the lasagna and the kids while Cas changes out of his suit- and god damn, if the man isn’t all kinds of James Bond fantasies fuckable in the slim cut outfit- and into house jeans and a ratty university sweatshirt. Then Dean trots home and removes his own too snug for comfort outfit in favor of the loose jeans he’d been wearing earlier in the day and his only clean halfway decent shirt; a black long sleeve henley with a bleach stain on the shoulder that he only wears around the garage now. Laundry is top of his list tomorrow morning.
Dean laughs quietly, then leans in to kiss the grumpy face. “ Would… would you be disappointed if we just went to bed? I mean, are you comfortable with that?”
“ Dr. Jess!” Claire squeals, flinging herself at a blonde woman that is, yes, Dr. Moore from the pediatric clinic.
pictures?” Claire interrupts before Jack can respond. Then turns her question on Jack. “ You wanna show Dean our pictures, Jack?”
Dean hasn’t even closed his phone before John is putting in his two cents. “ Your brother tryin’ ta get out of seein’ me?” His mouth is twisted into a rueful grin. Patronizing. Fucking condescending, as always.
The generous spiel does get a tired smile from Castiel, his big hand patting the toddler’s back. “ Tissue would be appreciated. I know his nose is sore with all the wiping.”
Remind me, again. How early did you arrive just so you could have more time for “ baby smoochies”? ;D
through the years. Her age is irrelevant. And Garth is more than qualified to complete her duties in her stead. “ He takes great joy in watching Zachariah’s smile slowly fall into a disgruntled thin lipped line.” And I am more than happy to assist him when needed.”
“ I know.” Dean’s voice is close, lips nearly touching the tip of Castiel’s nose. A few breaths pass and Dean speaks up, wide smile evident in his tone. “ You don’t know that reference, do you?”
A chuckle escapes Castiel and he leaves her to it. He has his own programming to plan or finish up, depending on its place on his timeline. Currently he has two adult programs coming up in the next two weeks;
Dean shakes his head, eyes finally opening. Castiel can see unshed tears from the doorway. “ Nope. Just need a minute. Thanks, though.”
Castiel’s smile grows more genuine. “ It could be worse. Remember how you used to say firetruck when you were small?”
“ Daisies. Got it.” Dean has a shy smile as he ducks his head. The blush rising to his face is beautiful.
There’s a lot of heavy petting, hurried make-out sessions while the kids are occupied with Netflix. They even manage to get a hand down each other’s pants for some quick groping before Jack needs to use the bathroom they’re hiding in and they unlock the door with their shirt tails pulled low.
, wondering how dominant the Kline traits are that she and Jack can both be so solidly built sharing less than a quarter of their genetics. “ Okay, this is the hard part. Check your mirrors. And--” He helps her shift into
“ Dean, Bobby called me.”Sam’s voice over the line is even, tinged with mild irritation. “ And he wants me to run this by you first.”
Dean can feel his cheeks heating up, all the way to his ears. He can’t really remember any of that, but he does sorta remember, “ You pushed me away.”
Rowena is a master storyteller and her subversive retelling of Hansel and Gretel with the witch as the victim of two horribly rude children (who are burned alive in the oven instead of the witch) is both humorous and eerily relatable. She reads a more traditional storybook,
Castiel wants to look his fill, wants to bury his face against that enticing musky triangle of soft fabric and hard flesh. But he feels he’s needed elsewhere and stretches his body out until he has Dean’s mouth under his. Castiel carefully lowers himself, allowing more of his weight to rest on Dean without grinding down into him.  As he thought, the steady pressure seems to settle the younger man, breathing evening out into the kiss as Dean brings his arms up to wrap around Castiel’s shoulders.
“ Nothing age-inappropriate, but as always, I defer to your father’s excellent judgement.” Cain stands, tilting his head toward Castiel, straight faced serious expression barely betrayed by the upward quirk of his mouth.
Claire is right at his elbow and Castiel jumps, constantly surprised by his child’s stealth. He’s quick to school his face into its normal tired smile. “ A little bit, but it will get better. Are you and Jack watching the episode about the oceans?”
Cas rolls his eyes, contrary. “ You came to our apartment with Happy Meals when I couldn’t make a meeting because Claire was sick. I don’t believe that was part of your job description.”
Cain toes around the inside of the bag on the ground, searching. Apparently finding nothing of note, he turns his keen gaze to the box. “ I don’t see any tags or names on it.” Cain takes the box from Dean, turning it slowly in his hands to examine each side.  Finding only the pre-printed company logo, he unfolds the cardboard flaps holding the top together and opens the box. Cain reaches in and pulls out a bright red dragon-ish plush toy.
Dean’s about to just invite himself in for a brief half hour, when Gabe waves his brother’s words away with a dismissive hand. “ Your boy toy has a warm bed literally within hollerin’ distance. I’ve got the kids, you go get laid.”
Dean would roll his eyes, but the ER betting pools were much worse. At least here the currency of the realm is bags of candy to fill up the handwoven basket on the corner of the nurse’s station instead of excessive bodily fluids duty. So far this month, Dean has only had to purchase two bags of Dove dark chocolates, so he considers himself pretty fortunate. He strides forward, grabs a pink marker from his scrub pocket- today’s is black with a Hot Wheels print- and places an oversized check mark under ‘ False Alarm’. “ Let’s do it.” He grins brightly at Jess as she makes her mark beside his and then heads toward exam room three at the end of the hall.
He’s still pacing slowly back and forth when the door opens suddenly, right in front of him. Something cold and hard stabs him in the chest, right over the front pocket, and Castiel is momentarily stunned silent.
Castiel’s back and arms are straining. Dean is not a small man and it’s been a while since Castiel has done this with anyone of any size. But he holds Dean there, at his mercy. Watching those long lashes flutter, the color rise under the freckles, the quick little pants that escape those plush lips that Castiel just wants to taste again so badly and he leans in just an inch and lifts up Dean another inch in his arms and--
After getting his fill of tonguing over the inked lines, Cas angles his head and firmly plants his nose in the half closed crook of Dean’s left armpit. Dean is fucking trembling. He’s never been ticklish there, not really, but Cas’ breath is stirring the thin hair under his arm, brushing across skin that doesn’t normally see a lot of play and there’s something to it that has every nerve under Dean’s skin lit on fucking fire. Again, trembling. Also, regretting not showering after work, but he hadn’t wanted to be late to his own birthday dinner.
So he drops his hand into Dean’s, smiling at the solid grip, and allows the man to lead him to the king sized bed shoved into the far corner, still taking up most of the space in the small bedroom.
Castiel laughs, feeling flushed himself. He watches the children whirl around for a few moments. The song winds down and Claire and Jack fall dramatically onto the floor, chests heaving, laughing between huge breaths. Their unbridled joy is contagious.
“ Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure.” His head is going to fall off if he nods any harder. He stands back and lifts an arm, motioning for the others to go ahead. Cain senses his wrong footedness and takes the lead, conversing easily with Claire as she and Jess follow Cain up, followed by Sam, laughing at the whole procession.
Okay, so he normally sleeps in pretty late on his days off, but that’s no reason for the suspicious tone. Dean rolls his eyes and gently guides the woman into the bathroom. “ Because. Now do your preggo stuff and let me get by.”
He starts slow, long even strokes up and down, pushing the tip of his tongue firmly along the underside of Dean’s cock. He hollows his cheeks on every other upstroke, Dean’s breathy praises filling the quiet. Castiel folds his hands over the narrow hips, fingers splaying over the muscled thighs. The mark he placed on Dean’s belly earlier is already blood dark against the faded tan skin, an even more extreme contrast to the pale flesh lower down, hidden from the sun all season long. The sight pushes a moan around Castiel’s mouthful and Dean responds with a tightening of his fists on Castiel’s shoulders and a hoarse warning cry of his name.
It’s dark in the hall but the bathroom light is on and Jack is a big boy so he opens the bathroom door wide and runs to the big potty. He forgot his stool!  It’s a nice stool. Blue and green with whales on it. Jack puts his stool on the floor in front of the big potty. And he has to put the big potty seat up. It is heavy and Jack is very careful.
“ I’m s-sorry, Dean. Yes,” Cas gains a moment of clarity amidst the heated chaos and looks down, slipping his hand under the pink waistband and firmly grasping Dean’s cock. His thumb presses just beneath the glans sticking out.
“ Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition,” Dean mumbles, dragging his fork through the whipped cream on top of his waffle.
“ Glad to help, really.” Dean is blushing and beaming and what a fucking dork he is as he steps forward to accept the man’s hand in his own.
Cain exits the driver’s side and approaches the control box. He unlocks the metal door and punches in the code. The gears rumble, there’s a tiny squeak of metal, then the gate slowly slides to the left.
As he’s dipping Jack low to the ground, the thin blonde curl on his crown brushing the floor, Castiel decides this continuing desire for his friend cannot be ignored any longer.
“ Just cleaning up the yard.” Wow, his voice is actually much steadier than Castiel could hope for. He’s staring. Castiel can’t help it. But Dean’s caught the direction of his gaze and his enthusiasm is instantaneous and overwhelming.
With the softest kiss he’s ever bestowed upon an adult’s belly button, Castiel carefully works the denim down Dean’s hips, slips his hands along the back to hook his fingers into the waistband and slide the jeans down along the luscious curve of ass. He keeps going until the denim is tight around Dean’s thighs, just below his satin covered sac.
So, life often gets in the way so I will, unfortunately, be updating every other Monday instead of each week. Thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments!!!!
Dean is just coming down the stairs to help Jess pick through what’s left on the trailer when he’s stopped by a girlish exclamation.
Castiel is astounded, as always, at Charlie’s skills. She is scarily efficient. And the way she speaks to her computer, again, puts him in the mind of how Dean coddles his car. He waits silently while the woman works, not wanting to interrupt her thought process.
“ I’m glad you liked it.” Cain smiles his soft smile and sips his drink. No sugar, a heavy pour of milk, not cream. Dean still remembers.
Dean can’t help but laugh at Cas’ eye roll. He slides off the couch to sit next to Claire and judge her bedtime selections. Jack spies the adult at his level and promptly joins them both at the basket. Dean watches the little boy flip through the books, one by one, serious contemplation given to each cover. “ What about this one? I used to read this to Sam when he was a baby.” Dean holds out the well loved book for the children’s inspection.
The highlight of his night, however, is walking through the door with Claire and Jack in tow. Claire is very obviously Moana in her brightly printed tube top (over a long sleeve t-shirt due to the damp and chilly weather) and cloth and dried grass skirt. And Jack is very obviously HeiHei in his hooded rooster onesie which makes them even cuter than Sam and Jess. But the cherry on top of this adorable family cake is Cas. Cas in black slacks and a rather snug black and yellow striped t-shirt that clearly states
Jack turns a very impressive stink eye on him, then crawls off Dean to clamber to his father. “ Tahs, pease?”
“ I know. You borrowed one of Claire’s dolls for it.” Dean slides into the back seat and carefully divests Alex of his blankets until only the footie onesie is left. This one is blue with sea otters playing across it. “ And you diapered it, too. Pretty good for a newbie.”
That night, Dean does stay over. But he and Cas are, again, both so wrung out by their chaotic lives they simply curl up together after a few kisses and quickly fall asleep.
The older man continues as though Castiel never spoke. “ And we want you to know that whenever a more prominent position opens up,
Oxygen is finally needed and they break apart. At the lips only. Foreheads pressed together, noses brushing, bodies still flush. Dean pulls one arm around front to squeeze between them, hand cupping Cas’ cheek. Thumb caressing his temple, fingers curling in the short dark hair above his ear. The emotions swelling up are threatening to overwhelm him again. When Dean glances up, over Cas’ head, he catches movement in the storm door above them.
people; people who couldn’t help themselves. Every gap-toothed smile and sticky little hug helped to heal one of the many cracks in his heart.
So he takes all the toilet paper from on top of the roll and drops it into the big potty. It takes longer to turn yellow and some of it doesn’t turn yellow but it does get wet so Jack thinks that’s good enough.
“ My favorite is the one from last Christmas. With Gabe dressed as Santa and you and the kids sitting in his lap.” Sam is laughing now.
“ No, just some errands.” Dean doesn’t know why he doesn’t just tell Sam the truth. Maybe because he was never too forthcoming about Cain when they were together and now he doesn’t want to deal with this whole protective little brother schtick or talk about his feelings when there’s really nothing to talk about until after he sees how this little catch-up is going to go.
Jack slides around the corner of the couch and immediately climbs up beside Dean. Only to stop short at the sight of Alex in his usual spot; aka, Dean’s lap. The look of utter confusion on Jack’s face has Dean tilting his head back for a full belly laugh. Alex jerks and stares up at his uncle.
But he is worried. This could be just a random stalker, just coincidence. But if it goes as far as Castiel believes it does, it will lead to a very dangerous man and he does not want to expose his friend to that kind of trouble. “ Still, be careful. For my own peace of mind.”
Castiel sighs heavily and glances around the immediate area. He can’t escape Rowena’s nosiness, but he can keep it limited to just the two of them. “ He’s not
Claire carefully leans toward Dean to see his phone. Drawn by the movement, Jack leaves off petting his sweater and also maneuvers over Dean’s lap. Dean catches him before the boy can inflict another hit to his groin, lifting him bodily and holding him in the air as he asks, “ Claire, scoot over so you can sit together.”
The monitor is still on its one-way function and Dean can clearly hear Cas’ soft rumbling voice comforting Claire’s squeaky sniffling.
He makes it through his half shift at the clinic only by the grace of God and two pots of coffee. Luckily his day’s patients are nothing more than a few cases of too much Halloween candy and some standard check-ups. He gets texts from Sam every hour, updating him on Jess and Alex. Each message brings a smile to Dean’s face. Bobby and Ellen have joined the running family group chat, and even Jo has thrown in her own
Both clean and dry, Dean chooses a threadbare AC/DC t-shirt and red flannel pajama pants, thick socks to keep his feet warm on the hardwood floors. For Alex, he picks out a onesie with Harry Potter icons across a green background from his stash in a bottom dresser drawer.
There are no goodbyes or see you laters. They both smile and get into their respective vehicles and go about their day.
“ Fine, but remember you volunteered for this emotional torture.” Cas holds his hands up in surrender and gets to his feet. “ And wait until I have Jack in the bath.”
“ Okay, Claire. Your turn.” Cas watches Claire put the books back into the basket and head toward the bathroom. He follows behind her, tossing a quiet, “ Pick something to watch,” over his shoulder to Dean.
Then there’s a quick detour to the freezer in the breakroom where Dean grabs a bright red Pedialyte popsicle, cutting the end off for convenience's sake. Alex, again, throws him an eye roll and knowing smirk that Dean returns with gusto, pointing the popsicle at her menacingly. The popsicle is still braced outward in his hand as he swings the door open and stabs it directly into a firm chest, just shy of Jack’s face. Dean startles and jerks back, clutching the treat to his own chest.“ Oh, crap! I am so sorry!”
and disgustingly cute together. They even made a Zero from an old white sheet and clown nose to artfully drape over Jess’s ginormous belly to make it appear as though she’s holding the ghostly dog.
At half past nine, Castiel’s phone buzzes on the couch cushion beside him, Meg’s ID flashing up on the screen. He didn’t expect her to call this early. Castiel nearly drops the phone in his rush to answer. “ Meg?”
Dean catches and returns it with equal vigor. And those watery green eyes turn to Castiel for a split second before Dean hastily clears his throat and stands up, face carefully averted.“ Be right back.”
Laughter, smiles, hot chili. It’s light and easy again. But Dean is mulling over everything Cain said to him, taking the what ifs and rolling them around in his brain. Because Cain is right, of course. Dean has seen all the little looks, soaked up the little touches, memorized every slip of Cas’ determined exterior. Like that kiss that had nearly been a direct hit on Dean’s mouth before Cas had detoured to the safety of his forehead. And Dean notices these things because they’re the same exact slip-ups that he makes himself on a near daily basis. Cain is right, and they’re both idjits, as Bobby would say.
“ You know me,” Dean replies awkwardly, fitting the bag among their previous purchases in the cart. He’s avoiding eye contact, he knows this, but he can’t stop. Except he really should grow up and get through this like a well adjusted adult. “ You go ahead, I’ll catch up.”
Why anyone in their right mind would want to keep a sensationalist trash magnet in their employ is simply beyond Castiel. It was not helpful in his job search a year ago when he realized he wouldn’t be able to go back to Pontiac, potential employers afraid of the negative press that’s followed Castiel since the incident. Castiel had been at his wits end when Gabriel had forced a surprise meeting with their cousin, Michael, who suggested putting in an application and resume to a more distant cousin, Zachariah Adler, who manages the one and only library in the small community of Hunters Hollow. In true small town fashion, the entire government runs on nepotism and for once, Castiel can’t find a foot stand on in protest. He has two children depending on him and he needs a steady income, benefits, and hours.
He blames that for the sudden urge to dance with Dean. Blames it for following through on the urge. The next video starts, much slower than the previous song. Like Fate is playing her part in this stupid little situation of theirs. Castiel doesn’t recognize this song at all, but Dean obviously does, judging by the soft expression on his face. There are memories there, Castiel is certain. Pleasant and bittersweet and not to be prodded at the moment.
The hoodie is folded and placed on the chair next to the dresser. Cas is left in his bee pants and a plain black undershirt that hangs just right off his broad shoulders and chest.  And Cas is blushing slightly, eyes averted as he gestures down to his bare feet. “ I uh, I hope you don’t mind. My socks were dirty- from outside- so I put them in the hamper in the bathroom.”
It’s like some acid induced sex dungeon flick with scattered scenes of normalcy. Ruby and Nicholas having drinks on a patio. Nicholas’ hands around Ruby’s throat. Nicholas pulling Ruby’s head up by the hair. Ruby scratching Nicholas’ chest. Ruby riding Nicholas. Nicholas giving the camera a little salute. On and on, photo after photo. Naked bodies and sadistic smiles. Drinks and parties and more drinks.
It’s an old conversation. Rowena is senior staff, having survived budget cut downsizing and personality conflict driven firings for the last forty years, whether by witchcraft or luck, she’s the one constant at Hunters Hollow Public Library. And Zachariah hates anyone he can’t control, so he is very keen on getting rid of the woman, by hook or crook. Which would leave Garth to step into her role and Zachariah doesn’t care for the young man’s sweet and messy nature. And with the appearance of Castiel, with his questionable celebrity status and office personality closer to what Zachariah approves of, the older man has mistakenly assumed that he’s found an accomplice in his petty mission to usurp Rowena from her rightful position.
He left his travel cup in the car and is quickly steered toward a food truck before entering the main grounds by Jess pulling on the strap of Dean’s duffel across his chest. With his second round of caffeine flowing through his veins, and an artisan bacon, egg, and cheese croissant filling his belly, Dean feels much more amenable to the sights and sounds around him.
Dean sounds like a bear. All growly and snorty and he growls again but then he coughs and wiggles and he’s all quiet now.
It’s fairly late in the evening when Dean decides they’ve reached a stopping point. Everything is unpacked in the house; everything that needs to be washed has been washed (or is currently being washed by its proper machine); everything that can be feng shui’ed has been sorta moved around into the best position allowed by space constraints. Cain had left mid afternoon, once everything was inside, to help his part-time employee, Andy Gallagher, pack up at the farmers market. Castiel had taken the kids to the Nashville Zoo for some big event and had rolled back in with two sleepyheads a few hours later. Dean had left them to their well deserved naps.
“ Dean, in my experience, dealing with children gives one an automatic right to whine at any given time.” Castiel tilts his head slightly, staring at the ceiling in thought. “ Well, maybe not in front of aforementioned children, but any other time is fine.” He glances back at Dean, who does not look entirely convinced, and reaches up to rub his palm against the stiff bristles on Dean’s jaw. “ Hey.” He smiles when Dean lets go of his hair and drops his hand to cover Castiel’s. “ Whining is fine, we all do it. What matters is that you don’t let it keep you from doing what you need to do. Like right now, you should take advantage of our remaining ten minutes and take a shower in the comfort of your own home before being subjected to Gabriel’s overly smug face while I take a shower at mine.”
Castiel swallows thickly, nodding, getting out a quiet, “Thank you,” as he lifts his gaze to meet Cain’s empathetic blue eyes. “ For everything you’ve done for us.”
So he’d gone back to Sioux Falls on Bobby’s mercy and picked up the pieces of his broken life that he’d avoided for a year. He fixed up Baby. Took Lisa’s advice and went back to school. Took an interest in nursing, then pediatrics, and realized he was not only good at it, but it filled some deep seated need in his psyche to
“Trust me, I know. Good old Cassie used to disappear for hours when we were in Heaven together.” A small nostalgic smile appears on his lips. “I used to find him in front of old dusty shelves, looking for these huge ancient volumes.”
“Well, if that’s so…” Dean lowers his hand “Three of a kind. Always said that women love me.” he says, pointing at the three queens in front of him. “What about you, Cas?” he asks slyly, resting one hand on top of the other. “Amaze me.”
Humans are pure flaws, yet their existence is one of the most significative presence in the whole universe.
“Just take him out of the cage, Cas!” in less than the blink of an eye Cas opens the cage and picks him up, holding him tight against his chest. Dean shakes his head, a happy glimmer inside his eyes. “Wait, I have to show you something. Put a Christmas playlist on!” Dean turns his back to them, starting to rummage in the bags.
“Are you aware that I cannot actually eat this anymore?” he asks, fixing Dean in the eyes and making him blush a little.
Kissing has a stress-reducing effect, it’s a chemical reaction that brings the subjects to the act of the grooming, aimed to the procreation.
“Leave me alone, Balthazar.” Castiel frees himself from him and closes the book before getting up. The chair makes some noise when its legs scratch the floor and Sam just gives them a brief look before starting to skim over the led of his iPad. Dean doesn’t pull a muscle.
The lights are dim in the night and a street lamp flickers in intermittence throwing darkness on the asphalt.
“I think I owe you an apology, Cas.” his voice has no inflection when it leaves his mouth and makes Castiel turn around in confusion.
Cas stares at the two spheres and arches an eyebrow when he suddenly understands that Dean wants a real answer from him.
Dean seems to be satisfied by his words and then lowers his head a little, putting his lips closer to his hands, just an inch away from them. His breath brushes him and Cas shivers in anticipation.
Something brushes his side, making him startle. When he opens his eyes, he sees Dean besides him, inclined against the same wall, but with his face bent towards his figure.
“Guys,” Dean’s firm voice stops their snooping and the both of them raise their heads, staring at him with confusion in their eyes. “the lights
“She begged me.” his low voice seems to be slamming Dean in the face. His nostrils flame in fury. “She wanted to die.”
Maybe is the light in his green irises when he continues to stare at his brother’s back until he doesn’t turn the corner, leaving his sight.
, I want to feel them?” Cas turns his blue irises towards Dean and fixes his gaze in his eyes, staring at him bewildered. “Why can’t I fake them? Why can’t I-“ he scratches the palm of his hands with his nails. “Why can’t I pretend like the others?”
Dean arches his back when Cas’ hands rest on his bulge, moaning loudly when his fingers bend slightly increasing their pression; his eyes are blown wide, full of lust and need, its black pupils shiny with want and reduced to just a small green ring.
Maybe it’s all about the small gestures, a position where your body is comfortable, in which you can rest your limbs, a smile aimed to show empathy and kindness towards the next person, a tug to your heart when you feel out of place.
“Your hands aren’t cold anymore.” Dean states, swaying again and stopping for a brief moment his movements when Cas leans more against him.
Cas shakes his head and then with a tilt notices a silver package in Dean’s hands, acknowledging it with a questioning sound.
Cas bites his lower lip and stares with wonder at the Christmas tree leaning against the wall. He starts pacing the room, his eyes lost in the light show of blue and red created by the strings hanging on the paintings. There are small bulbs flickering between the leaves, casting a bright and luminous shade on the parquet.
“They’re waiting for you.” Dean clenches his fist and taps his right foot on the ground, anger simmering under his skin. “Castiel’s waiting for you.” He whips his head and glares at him, meeting for the first time his eyes. Balthazar doesn’t dodge his gaze and holds it, accepting the silent conversation that is flowing between them.
Dean joins them, sitting around the map table, and passes a beer to Sam, brushing slightly against Cas.
“Peanut will need to do gymnastics, won’t he?” He takes a small green plastic pipe and he starts waving it in front of his face. “With all these pieces he’ll be able to work out!” His voice is high, joyful, carefree and Cas finds himself smiling at him without even realizing it. “There should be the instructions to build this cool maze somewhere in here.” Dean starts murmuring to himself, before digging through the bags. “The salesman said that they will help to keep him active and focused. Guinea pigs are very clever animals and-“
Suddenly Cas snatches the napkin from Dean’s hand, crumbling it between his fingers and pressing it against Dean’s mouth, tapping energetically away the red sauce.
Castiel leans against the wall and hastily looses his tie, slamming lightly his head on the cold concrete behind him.
“Do you remember Chloe?” Sam nods, squinting his eyes “Gosh, that chick had the fire in her veins.” Dean wiggles his eyebrow and smirking suggestively, blinking one eye towards Cas that is staring at him expressionless, falls on his bed, stretching his legs.
He can feel Dean’s hard cock growing under his lips, he can feel him twitch in pleasure trying to restrain himself, he can feel himself growing harder at the sensation of Dean’s erection under his mouth, so Castiel unfastens his trousers too in search of some relief, palming briefly at himself.
With a sharp gesture of his hand Castiel flings open a door and burst into the room, glaring at the two half naked women and at the completely naked man who doesn’t even bother to cover himself. He’s just staring back at him, with an amused expression on his face and a challenging look in his eyes.
Cas’ attention is reclaimed by a jab in his ribs, he turns around and meeting Sam’s eyes he presses his lips.
Dean’s left thumb brushes against his skin and Cas closes his eyes, letting his face be cupped by Dean’s hands.
“Cas,“ Castiel shakes his head and a white soft light erupts from his palm, still hovering on his body. “stop.” Dean entwines his fingers with his and Castiel just stares at his face in disbelief. “You need to listen to me.”
A sudden touch on his left wrist stops him and soon Cas’s hand cups his cheek, making him turn. He loses himself in the blue eyes that are staring at him and he feels his heart starting to hammer in his chest when Cas gets closer. He conjoins their lips in a soft kiss and Dean just melts in it.
“Give him to me.” He takes Peanut from Cas’s arms and Cas is surprised by how much he already misses the soft fur under his fingers and the light weight on his legs. He can already imagine the sleepless nights he’ll pass scratching him behind his ears as he’ll be studying.
“I want to let the sun shine on my face, I want to finally give myself permission to be happy.” Castiel smooths out the worry lines around Dean’s eyes with his fingertips and his smile becomes a genuine one, while he lowers his gaze sheepishly. “If you’ll let me.”
The passage is empty except for two figures hidden behind a marbled pillar, their moans and grunts seem to be the only sounds in the pompous corridor enlightened by the flickering candles. The dim flames cast their reflections on the golden floor made of authentic gilded sheet.
Castiel looks hard at the position Dean has assumed and frowns slightly, thinning his lips thoughtfully.
Dean doesn’t flinch and without changing his expression calls too, taking the deck of the remnant cards between his hands and smiling suggestively at Cas.
Dean clenches his fist when Balthazar gets up. His knuckles are white for the effort and his head is pulsing for the rage boiling under his own veins.
His movements falter, yet when his nail scratches against his head a sudden groan escapes his lips and the orgasm suddenly hits him, making his vision unclear for a single moment.
“What do you want?” He pushes the words one after the other, harsh. Balthazar shrugs and slightly tilts his head to one side, studying him for a brief moment before carefully choosing his next move. He reaches into his pocket and Dean holds his breath, waiting. Balthazar pulls out a silver plate and slowly caress its rounded edges. “What is that?” Dean asks dazzled and Balthazar silently gives it to him.
“Just one, please.” Cas answers back, giving up his Jack and receiving in exchange a queen of clubs that he puts proudly between two cards.
Dean is leaning against the wall, with his hands hidden in his pockets and his legs crossed slightly, a foot crooked towards the other while he listens to the words of the woman.
“Why did you accept to help them?” Castiel ignores him and turns another page. “Tell me.” He pinches his skin and Castiel jolts for the pain, but he doesn’t produce a sound. He just glares at him.
Dean gives him a playful push with his shoulder and Sam laughs when he notices the confused expression on his face.
“I ain’t a man of words, Cas. Never was, never will.“ Dean darkly jokes, lowering his voice in a thin whisper “Yet what I do care most about is making you understand that-“
Sam drops the iPad on the table and when they enter into the room again, he stares at them open-mouthed.
Dean’s hand is still tight around Castiel’s bicep, the skin under the trench coat seems to be burning as Castiel feels the pressure of his grip. Dean’s breathing is heavy as he tries to inhale more air than he can. Castiel softly touches his chin, making him raise his head and Dean just stares at him confused, feeling the soft pressure dwelling. Castiel takes a step back, ignoring the itch under his fingertips, and leaves him more room to breathe.
There’s no one in the park at that hour of the day, except for a lonely man who is walking his dog in the distance. They ignore him.
“Please, man.” Dean reaches him and brushes his hand on his left shoulder. “Don’t ever change. Please.” he continues to smile and when his fingers leave Cas’ skin, making him feel cold, he’s ready to grab his hand back, gripping it tightly.
“Jack has never really spent a proper Christmas day since he was born. I don’t really want that he ends up like us, Dean.” Sam stares at him with pleading eyes and Dean finds himself incapable to move his gaze away.
“Sam needs you. Jack needs you. Bobby, Mary… they all need you, Dean.” Castiel throws the blade away and its clanging resonates in the room. “And I don’t care if Michael is gonna burn down this world to ashes. I don’t care if he’s gonna burn it to the ground.” Castiel cups his face and with a resigned smile he closes his eyes. “I don’t care if Death or the Empty are waiting for me around the corner.”
Its leaves are well-pointed, Dean notices when he observes the final result that is the hard wood resting on a little cube of cement, covered by a blue towel that brushes the pavement.
Castiel smirks and then he lowers his head, blowing at his slit; Dean shivers and turns his head, squinting his eyes.
The angel gets up from the bed and stretches his arms, the bones behind his back popping satisfyingly when he shrugs his shoulders.
Castiel gets on his knees and Dean grabs him, clinging in desperation and sticking his nails into the soft skin of his arm.
“What?” Castiel asks, genuinely confused. Sam is packing up in the other side of the room and he’s giving them his shoulder, too focused on what he’s doing to listen to them.
Cas sits beside him and shakes his head, staring into the distance and letting his eyes wander beyond the foliage of the trees shaken by the wind.
Dean grazes his crotch then and Cas jolts back, suddenly getting up from his chair and staring at him in horror.
“I don’t care.” Dean stares at him resolute in the eye and Cas feels a surge of love for him rising in his chest. He gulps and slowly nods, before opening the small box to show Dean its content.
“You lied.” Cas shakes his shoulders roughly. “You lied and you-“ he gasps and puts a hand on his lips, widening his eyes. “Please, come back.” he says weakly, falling on his knees and scratching with his nails the cold pavement. “Come back.”
Balthazar used to stroke his hair, humming in their ancient and foreign language against his heart and under his breath. He never dared to speak the words in the mornings and Castiel never brought them up.
He takes another gulp when Dean ignores him, dropping the duffle bag on the ground and crouching to untie his shoes.
“I’ve done what it had to be done.” He whispers, hissing and squinting his eyelids shut when he feels a pressure against the knife. “I couldn’t let Michael win. I couldn’t let anyone of you die.
A sudden pressure on his right shoulder makes him spin around, enclosing him in the cage his eyes create.
“I didn’t quote Game of Thrones.” he whispers at the empty place, trying to relive his discussion with Cas.
“You’re high,” Dean answers disinterested, putting his arm on his eyes to shield himself from the light. “and I don’t fuck the junkies.”
Dean’s finally looking at him and there’s a new light in his green irises. Castiel feels himself getting lost in them. Getting lost in his hope.
“Because he deserves better.” The silence falls heavy between them and Dean is staring at his hands again, studying his trimmed nails with attention. His voice is just a whisper when he dares to talk again.
“Never mind. Leave it. You don’t have to, don’t worry.” Dean shakes his head and starts walking away, his eyes are still glued to the floor. He has hunched shoulders and he’s dragging his own steps to reach his brother.
“I’ll take it as a no.” Castiel turns around and reaches for the door, ready to leave the room, but Balthazar just grabs his arm, stopping him. His fingers trace the length of the sleeve of his trench coat before enclosing his wrist in an iron grip.
“How can you be so presumptuous to say that you know someone when you never gave them the chance to let be known by you, uh?” His words are blunt and harsh, sharp at the right point.
Castiel can still feel the warmth of Dean’s fingers pressed against his wrist when he walks side by side with him.
Castiel shuts his eyes closed when he grazes the bulge in the front of his pants and buckles back lost in sensation when his cock twitches against his own hand, making him whine in need.
The dog barks in the distance and Castiel shifts his gaze on the owner, sprawled on the floor while he absently scratches his head. His eyes are hastily skimming over the bright led of the device he has in his right hand. The cell phone that Dean gave him months before is heavy in Castiel’s coat.
The silence, the small bubble of intimacy that is wrapping their figures, the way Dean’s eyes light up whenever he tries to do something human. It just feels right.
“I’m not gonna decorate that thing.” Dean glares at Sam when he brings inside two big boxes with clinking trinkets, probably Christmas balls to hang on the branches.
It’s a common knowledge that humans feel the constant need to seal their lips to the skin of another, to feel the sweat of their bodies under their fingertips when they’re enclosed in the warmth they’ve created with their joint.
Yet when he sees Sam’s eyes sparkle with emotion as soon as the led of his cellphone lights up notifying that a text has just arrived, he can’t help himself, wondering what Sam is
Cas finds Dean immersed in a deep study of the brilliance of two blue balls that he’s holding between his two hands.
They don’t talk about that night, Cas doesn’t ask questions and Dean doesn’t provide answers, yet his eyes seem to trail the soft shape of his mouth when it curls around words that aren’t addressed to him, his eyes drink in the sight of his lips folded around the green bottle of the beer he sways down in too few gulps.
“So… apparently Kansas has been invaded by an army of Wildlings.” Dean gives him a dirty look and Sam sniggers. “A den of vampires.” he clarifies, taking the beer cap and launching it towards the trash can.
A beat and then Dean starts to get up, slightly wincing for the discomfort when he rests his weight on his elbow.
“I-“ Dean stutters, scratching slightly his neck. “Yes, but it’s worth a try. Isn’t it?” he beams, giving him a pat on the back, leaving his left hand linger on his shoulder blade.
“And have I talked you about the wheel? I bought the biggest they had because the salesman said that you must be careful about the size. If it’s too tiny it could-“
A flapping harsh noise and Dean doesn’t even have time to raise his head before something brushes his hair. He jolts and jumps out of the sofa. He meets Balthazar’s amused eyes who is staring at him with a weird glint in his irises.
“Shut up.” Dean tries to swallow the sudden lump that is constricting his throat and when he removes his fingers, Castiel whines for the sudden loss. “You don’t know anything.” He snaps back, lowering with trembling hand the zip of his jeans, freeing his cock and touching it for the first time that night. “
“Seriously?” Dean arches an eyebrow when Sam shakes his head and drops the sticky tape on the small table. Sighing, he takes the lights between his hands, stretching the wire and assessing its length. “We’re gonna turn the bunker into Santa’s house, won’t we?”
“There won’t be no ‘Beam me up, Scotty’, Winchesters. You can forget about it.” Balthazar tilts his head towards Cas and looks at him, waiting for a reply that doesn’t come. “Shall we?” He insists, but Castiel just shakes his head and something shifts in his gaze when his eyes skim over Dean.
Cas slightly opens his mouth in wonder, his chest tight for the emotion. He looks at Dean and when he notices the red tips of his ears he feels a huge smile growing on his face. He stretches a hand and places it on his knee. He squeezes.
Without saying a word he rests his hand on his thigh, making Cas shiver and gasp in search of oxygen. His touch is hot against him and Cas can distinctly feel it through the fabric when it starts to follow the fold of his pants, going higher and higher.
Dean’s hand is burning against Cas’ side, but what makes him shiver the most is when Dean rests his cheek against his, delicately swinging and breathing against his ear.
Happiness is a weird feeling, it blossoms all of sudden and makes you giddy for no apparent reasons.
“I cannot lose you.” He brushes softly the nape of his neck, calming the tremor of his shoulder with soothing and relaxing gestures, while with his right hand he starts to heal his wound.
Sam and Balthazar crash in the shack, unceremoniously landing on the floor, and soon Castiel is back to business. The dim flickering emotion in his blue eyes long gone.
“I think-“ he gulps steadily and jumps when the radio croaks and changes song, transmitting a Christmas famous melody. “I think this one is brighter.” He gives him the sphere and drops the other into its box, taking a step behind.
“He shouldn’t have done that.” Dean breaks the silence, wiping away some oil remnants on his pink lips, totally missing the red stain. “He shouldn’t have gone after her.” he exclaims angrily, meeting Cas’ eyes.
“What I’ve done to you and to your family-“ Castiel sighs and stops himself for a moment, trying to regain his voice. “I’ll never forgive myself.”
Sam and Dean have stopped talking and now they’re busy with their own tasks. Balthazar ignores Dean, sitting a few feet away and pretending to be cleaning his gun. His stance is stiff and his eyes are too focused on the barrel when he wipes the cloth around the cold metal. He’s listening to them.
The crash that follows doesn’t make him remotely flinch and when Castiel throws away the remnants of the bottle, scratching the sole of his feet without wincing, he simply thins his lips.
“I’m listening, Cassie. There’s no need to call my name so many times.” He sits on the bed and stretches a leg to put his trousers on, but then he stops and raises his head. “Unless you want to scream it in a more enjoyable way.” He winks at him before starting to get dressed again. Castiel looks away for a single moment and tries to ignore the dim flush on his cheeks when Balthazar pronounces his next words. “I sawed it off, I told you. What do you even need it for?”
“I don’t have time to waste, Balthazar.” He crosses his arms and arches an eyebrow. “Where is it?” a sudden laugh erupts from the other man and Castiel’s frown deepens when he sees Balthazar shaking his head. “What?”
Cas sniffles and tighten his grip on his shoulders, closing his eyes to hold back the tears. Dean takes a step back and raises his head, looking deeply into his eyes.
A goofy smile spreads on Dean’s lips and his eyelashes flutter against his cheeks when he blinks away the dampness that threats again the corner of his eyes.
He suddenly gets quiet and widens his eyes when he sees Cas’s amused expression. Peanut is no longer in his arms, but comfortably resting in his tiny house. He’s almost asleep.
“Balthazar stays.” A huge smile starts to paint on his lips, but Castiel just ignores him and continues. “What do you need from me?” His hand presses harder against his back, annoyed.
A sudden buzz against their pockets snaps them and when their eyes meet, an unsettled expression takes space on their faces.
” Cas specify, starting to feel self-conscious when Dean raises an eyebrow exasperated “then that would’ve been for…” he smothers his words and an awkward silence stretches between them.
They lock eyes for a single moment and Dean closes his mouth mid-sentence, but then Sam starts to talk again and he shifts his gaze to look at him.
His fingers pass between his scalp and Cas lets himself go when Dean caresses his jaw, cupping his face.
“Dean, I don’t understand this game. Why should I bluff when I’m clearly holding the winning cards between my hands?” Cas says, showing his cards to Dean that stares back at him clearly annoyed.
Their eyes meet for a brief moment, but Dean just shifts his gaze incapable to hold his stare. He pulls his hands in his pocket and takes a look at the room.
And suddenly Cas knows, he knows when Dean raises his head challenging, trying to get him pissed off more, he knows when Dean’s pupils dilates when his lips hover above his and his green irises are totally hidden by the blackness caused by the lust.
He uses the softest hint of nails against his skin and Castiel’s lips slightly open. He takes a strand of his hair, letting it slowly slide between his fingers, and his neck bends towards him. Castiel moans and Dean coughs. Sam has to call him twice before he starts to talk again.
His brother beams widely when he enters in the room and drops his jacket on the backrest of the chair.
The wind dishevels his hair while he kneels in front of the dusted grave, brushing aside the roots wrapped around the cold cement.
Dean puts his hands on his chest and just smirk when Cas gasps and groans when Dean gives a push, moaning unabashed.
It felt so wrong when all Cas could think in that moment was that he was cold and that no one was there to warm him.
Cas nibbles at his lip and then he suddenly licks into his mouth, not asking for permission, feeling Dean’s hands fight against his grip and his stretched crotch moving forward, trying to look for some friction.
He stares straight in his eyes and with one swift movement he imprisons with his hand his wrists above his head, not caring if his arms could be scratched by the wall.
“No, I won’t.” Balthazar gets up too and drags him outside the room. Their figures are hidden by the shadows in the corridor.  “I won’t leave it. Not when I see the way he treats you.” Balthazar ignores his glare and keeps on talking. “You’re far better than him, Castiel. Don’t let him destroy you.” He opens his mouth to reply but suddenly Balthazar joins their lips in a frantic kiss, laving with his tongue his sensible skin, and Castiel just moans, running his hands through his hair and asking for more.
“I really appreciate what you’ve done, I swear I do.” Cas begins, reaching him with smooth steps. “But don’t you think that all this” he points at all the things on the table “is a little bit too much?” Dean turns his head and actually looks at the constructions he bought. He lowers his head sheepishly and starts scratching his neck in embarrassment. “Yeah, most of the stuff won’t even enter in the cage, will it?” He raises his head and as soon as he meets Cas’s eyes he shifts his gaze, unable to hold his stare. “Tomorrow morning I’ll take something back to the pet store.” He takes the green pipe and he puts it back in the bags.
“Showing emotions it’s not a dishonor, Sheriff.” the man shivers and glances away. “You’re human, Jackson.
“Shut up, Dean.” Cas presses his palm on his mouth and the tears starts to stream copiously on his face when he bumps their foreheads again one against the other. “Just… shut up.”
“We?” Sam asks, observing the angel with prying eyes. “When did Cas exactly become a we?” Balthazar can feel Castiel’s back stiffen under his hand and he just let it drop along his side, taking a step forward.
Balthazar finds him in the woods, sitting on a lump of wood and with his head in his hands. His body is crouched, defensive, guarded. He doesn’t even flinch when Balthazar steps in.
Dean pushes inside him and Castiel bites his lips in pain, but he pushes back trying to accommodate more of Dean.
His breath itches in his throat and Cas gulps down the bile rising in his chest, a sudden tremor makes his hand jolt.
“I have it with me. Raphael won’t take it; you can trust me.” Balthazar’s voice breaks the silence and Castiel nods, grateful.
“Dean.” Castiel says and Balthazar stares at him thoughtfully, studying his stiff posture. “Yes.” His left foot is slightly tapping on the green trimmed grass. “Ok.” He pinches his nose and Balthazar raises his eyebrows. “Got it, see you soon.” Castiel closes the call and Balthazar gets up, taking his decision.
He feels Dean’s hands trying to escape from him and after increasing briefly his strength again he releases them, putting a hand on his shoulder and pressing him against the wall, gluing their bodies together.
A strange tingling on his fingertips makes him clench his fist, and when Dean calls him again, he snaps his eyes on his face.
“You saw an online ad.” Cas’s voice is incredulous and his scratching stops for a single moment, the confusion clear in his face.
He doesn’t mean to stay there watching, yet his body is grounded on the cement under his feet; his pulse is elevated and his heart is beating furiously against his ribcage.
The Sheriff is a tall, dark-skinned man, with thick moustache and a cowboy hat lowered messily on his head.
Castiel gulps steadily and when he sees Dean’s red and swollen lips, with trembling fingers, he gazes the button of his jeans, unfastening it and taking the zip down.
“Hello little one. Who are you?” His voice softens when the guinea pig bumps his nose against his right finger, looking for cuddles. Cas is scratching his ears when Dean makes his appearance, trailing two enormous bags with him. “What is happening, Dean?” Cas arches an eyebrow and he doesn’t miss the low blush that paints Dean’s cheeks when he drops the bags on the floor, next to the Christmas tree.
Cas drops his arms against his sides and takes a step forward, shoving a finger between the slots of the cage and briefly caressing Peanut’s head.
His runner’s reflexes take over and in no time Cas is holding in his arms a small chunky guinea pig that is staring at him with his tiny black eyes with wonder.
Balthazar widens his smile and slightly turns to the other guests in the room, never leaving Castiel’s eyes. “Girls,” his mouth slowly forms the world, tasting every single syllable “could you please leave us alone?”
He leaves him alone and Dean just stares at him as he silently approaches Castiel. Sam sits beside him and drops his duffle bag on the floor, starting to talk again about the case.
“Emotions, Empathy… are not for angels.” Dean closes his eyes and his lashes flickers against his cheeks. “Then why,
He raises an eyebrow challenging when he feels Dean’s gaze on him, and smirks when he throws the chips in the middle of the map table.
“You’re a killer joy, you know that?” he asks rhetorically, wiggling his eyebrows towards Cas “Isn’t he, Cas?”
Castiel drinks out of the bottle, swallowing loudly the amber liquid that swirls within the green glass and spreading his arms as soon as Dean puts foot inside the room.
Dean is holding his breath and his lips are closed in a flat thin line. He’s thoughtful as he stares in front of him, in his eyes a dim glint of something that Balthazar can’t exactly pinpoint. Dean exhales from his nose before giving him an answer.
He licks inside his mouth, tasting Dean on his tongue, and when their teeth clings painfully against each other Cas starts to press kisses on Dean’s jaw, sucking and nibbling at his collarbone and reversing their position.
The laugh that erupts from Castiel’s mouth is a raspy one, his shoulders shake with false amusement and the hoarse sound seems to sink with its claws inside his ear, making him shudder in uneasiness.
Jimmy Novak should have been a simple man: with a wife, a daughter, a dog, and a ruined white fence he should have painted years ago.
“Sam’ll be here soon and everything will be fine.” Cas whispers softly, brushing again his hair backwards.
The tears are streaming down his face when he turns around and cups his face, putting his lips on his eyelids.
The way Balthazar used to wrap his arm around his body, sheltering him from the dangers they used to endure during the war. His warm hand used to steadily press against his stomach as he pushed him back, placing himself in the forefront.
“Because I need comfort, because I need love. Because they’re not-“ Dean stares at him. “Because they’re not whom I need the most.”
A shatter and then Castiel suddenly pushes him away. Dean is staring at them, the broken remnant of a mug filled with coffee now on the floor. His knuckles are white and his nails are scratching at his own palm.
“You first.” Dean gestures towards Cas, sitting on the bed and stretching his legs on the duvet, crossing his arms behind the head.
But what makes Dean really snap is the way Jack suddenly gets up, leaving a half-line empty, and takes the golden tree topper, standing on his tiptoes to try and put it without having decorated the rest of the tree.
is left unspoken, yet the silence that stretches between them after what hasn’t been said is deafening in Cas’ ears.
The loud chatters around them is occasionally disturbed by the clinking of the glasses served at the tables.
The playlist changes on ‘Have yourself a merry little Christmas’ and suddenly they start swaying to the soft music. Dean hums the song under his breath and Cas hides his face in the crook of his neck, feeling his eyes damp with unshed tears.
Cas closes his fists, his knuckles white for the strength and even if an inner voice says that he should do something -a hand on his shoulder, a smile of compassion, a sign that could make the Sheriff aware that
Dean gets up and takes the blue tie resting on the backrest of a chair, letting it flow between his fingers.
His steps resound in the woods when he turns around and takes the path to return to the shack. Dean just stares at his back for one single moment, before getting up and reaching him.
Dean’s fingers trace a path from Cas’ neck towards his chest, his palm rests steadily on his heart and he smiles when he feels Cas’ accelerated pulse under his fingertips.
“You did this for me?” Dean silently nods and intertwines their fingers, finally finding courage to raise his gaze and meet his eyes. Cas feels his heart grow two size bigger when he feels his thumb softly tracing a pail vein on the back of his hand.
“You can’t know it.” Dean pushes Cas out of his way, taking a step forward threatening. “I don’t care what you think you know,
“Marry me.” Dean smiles at him, softly nodding with tender eyes. “I know this might be coming out of the blue and that I should’ve bought a pair of rings before doing the proposal, but-“
Dean opens his mouth to protest, yet when he sees the stiff lines of Cas’ shoulders intensify their rigidity he just nods, getting out from the bed and passing a hand on his face.
Cas takes a step forward and then a step back, shaking his head in disbelief when he can’t make up his mind.
Dean doesn’t notice the way Jack points at the mistletoe hanging and Sam just shrugs, taking him away.
“Yes, Cas. Yes.” He pulls him into a kiss, not caring about the tears that are now freely streaming down both of their faces. He breaks the kiss. “I want to spend my life with you, you know it?” he caresses a strand of dark hair and playful pulls it, making Cas close his eyes in pleasure.
A bitter chuckle bursts from his chest and then Dean coughs, the sudden lack of air in his lungs making him jolt away in discomfort.
As soon as Dean sits besides him, Cas clearly tenses, not moving his gaze from the floor and slightly jolting when Dean’s knee brushes against his.
Dean turns his head around and lets his gaze wander in the room until he rests his gaze on the tiny guinea pig that now is softly sleeping in his cage.
“I’ve called Castiel, he’s on his way.” Dean shouts to reach his brother on the other side of the room, before dipping the spoon in the white plain yogurt stolen from the groceries Sam brought the hour before. He tucks it in his mouth and squints his eyes when the sour taste hits his taste bud. “Is it expired?” he complains, looking for a date on the container. “I’ve told you a thousand times to look for the expiration dates on the packages before buying something.” He grumbles, throwing the yogurt on the small table next to his feet.
A pair of keys rattles against the door and Cas stops breathing for one second before shaking his head. He tries to compose himself, hiding his nervousness with a sweet smile.
.” His lips curl malevolently around his name while the angel looks at him stunned. “You know nothing, Castiel.
Dean spins him around again, but now Cas is prepared when their chests collide again and their eyes meet.
When Dean turns him, roughly lowering his pants and slipping one finger inside him, Castiel just smiles.
“The hunt went well. We salt ‘n burned the ghosts. I’d called it a success.” Dean softly smiles and shifts his foot on the floor, kicking away a small pebble. He raises his eyes and looks at him for one brief moment, before looking at his own fingers. “Do you want to hit the bar with us?”
“Fair enough.” Sam shrugs and Dean squints his eyes when he catches the small smirk that pulls at his lips. “Jack and I are going to do all the hard work. Don’t you worry, Dean,”  The smirk gets bigger and a shiver passes on his back when he notices a weird glint lighting his irises. “the tree will absolutely be of your approval.”
Cas pulls at his own cock and buckles slightly, Dean’s cock slips from his lips and Dean whimpers in need, widening his eyes and staring at him in despair.
Sam just sighs when the door closes behind his shoulders and then sits on Dean’s bed, taking a deep breath before starting to talk again.
Dean pulls out a cage from one of the bags and softly places him inside it. He turns around to look at Cas and crosses his arms on his chest.
“He’s just bored. Aren’t you?” he softens his voice. “Who is a good boy, uh?” Peanut closes his eyes, enjoying the petting. “Yes, Peanut. You’re a good boy, aren’t you? Aren’t you?”
“Cas, I-“ Sam chokes his words when he sees Castiel clenching his fist unconsciously as soon as he hears his voice.
“He’s so devoted, isn’t he?” he asks more to himself than to anyone else, but the reaction he draws out of the man next to him makes him turns his head curious.
His trench coat is opened and when the wind moves it Cas doesn’t care, he just lowers himself on the bench beside him and clings to his own hands, trying to anchor his body to the ground.
Suddenly he feels Dean’s fingers between his hair and when his face is raised by the spot of skin he was torturing he meets his eyes, full of fondness and affection.
Cas moans again when Dean sucks his fingers into his mouth, the feeling of his tongue is heavy against him and his cock starts to stir against his pants.
A small twitch of the lips, a bright smile painted all over your face, a laugh bursting directly from your heart.
“We’re going to buy him a proper kennel. I can’t stand the thought that he has to live in there.” His words are gruff, but there’s a hint of softness on the edges.
The burn is almost unbearable, yet he finds himself snapping his hips hard against the mattress, trying to find friction for his cock still trapped in his underwear.
“Billie,-“ he takes a deep breath and he quivers for the effort “she told me that all the notebooks that described my death ended in the same way, except for one.”
“Just relax, Cas.” He murmurs softly and Castiel shudders, closing his eyes incapable of stopping the flutter in his chest that makes his heart ache in need. “Relax.”
When Jack beams and hands him a Christmas cookie in sign of peace, he takes it, crunching slightly when continue to observe the way they start to decorate the tree.
“It’s my business when you’re willing to risk your own life and to jeopardize everything just for a couple of dumbasses. For a couple of humans!” He murmurs the word with loath and Castiel just moves a hand, dismissing him. “Tell me, Castiel.”
“Am I disturbing you?” Dean’s voice is soft, almost shy when he reaches him, climbing over a black bag left in the middle of the floor.
There’s always been a reason of why he has always hated Christmas and one of this reason is the way the needles of the trees fall on the ground. And that happens as soon as they bring the fir inside.
The blood is dripping from his palm and the blade he’s holding between his hands is stained red: a scarlet pool is spreading under his feet.
“It was mine and Balthazar’s hideout.” Dean stills his movements and looks at him, but Castiel is still giving him his shoulders. “We used to come here whenever Heaven sent us on Earth to carry out a military mission. It was our safe place.” Castiel turns around and offers him a tired smile. “Then he faked his death for years and all this was left to rotten.” He whispered, before kicking a small piece of glass out of the way.
“What happened?” he looks at them confused but Balthazar just moves his hand, dismissing his questioning gaze with a gesture. “Dean left the shack in a hurry. I don’t even know where he went.” Balthazar sees the way Castiel’s eyelids tremble when he closes his eyes trying to compose himself. He ignores the pang of pain in his chest.
The first touch on his skin makes him shudder and when Dean’s fingers enclose his hands between their grip, Cas’ breath is taken away by the sensation. His palm moves on the back of his hand and the sudden warmth stings against his flesh.
His knuckles are deep inside him and as soon as he scrapes against his prostate Castiel shouts, starting to whimper on the mattress and pushing back to find more contact.
“You didn’t seem disgusted when I blew you the other night.” Castiel crawls towards him again and with a push of his hand he makes him lie down, straddling his hips and grinding against his hardening cock. “What? Have I ruined you for all the others, Winchester?” he whispers an inch away from his mouth, licking his lips mischievous. “Risa leaves you unsatisfied, doesn’t she?” Castiel grinds down again with more strength, making Dean gasp in surprise. “I bet she can’t make you come like I do.” He murmurs before joining their mouths.
Dean gasps for air and Castiel just goes down his neck, biting him and kissing open-mouthed his jaw, liking a long strip of skin and making Dean tremble.
“That’s exactly what I’m waiting for.” He raises his left finger and arches his eyebrow mockingly, reaching him with two steps and putting the palm of his hand on Dean’s thigh, tracing the seam of his trousers with one finger.
“You shouldn’t be doing what you don’t feel doing.” Dean continues with a bitter smile on his lips.  “You shouldn’t be doing it for anyone.”
“Touch me.” Dean whispers and Cas stops altogether his movement, staring at him in disbelief. “Please, touch me.” he repeats without meeting his eyes, with his cheeks growing redder.
“Yes, Dean. I gathered that she’s a werewolf when she tried to bite me last night. Thank you for your input.” he starts angrily, oblivious to Dean’s shocked expression.
He brushes his hair asides and then puts a palm over his heart, gently holding his head with his left hand.
Cas suddenly gets up and shrug his shoulders, rubbing his hands before taking his cellular to check the time.
He closes the gap between their mouths and slams their skin together, increasing his strength on his wrists and slipping a leg between Dean’s, making him moan in surprise.
The wetness of Cas’ leaking cock is wetting his thighs and Dean couldn’t care less, he just touches himself, pulling at his cock and pumping steadily, while Cas’ hardness slips again and again between him.
Sam is inside with the witch and they’re waiting for his signal to break through the doors, to catch her and retrieve the stolen Grimoire
A loud crash, a sudden squeak and Cas doesn’t have the time to widen his eyes that a brownish furball is running towards him.
The air seems to change and suddenly their movements are not frantic; he stops altogether his grinding and when Dean joins their lips again and nibbles gently at his lower lip, Castiel freezes, feeling his heart lose a beat when he feels the soft brush.
Dean is in front of him, a burger between his hands and his lips stained with a splotch of red sauce, -maybe ketchup, after all Dean himself said that ketchup could be considered a vegetable-, and a somber look on his face.
He takes it from his hands and he lets it slip in his coat, his jaw clenched in some unspoken feeling.
And Cas stiffens and then comes violently, his cock jerking between Dean’s thighs while he moans louder, reaching him fast towards the edge.
Dean squints his eyes for a single moment before exchanging a knowing look with Sam. He nods and Dean releases a sigh, defeated.
a bet is made.” Dean raises a finger and then proceed to raise the one next to it “Second… the bluff is one of the most ancient and noble tactics in the game of Poker. Everyone does it. I do it. Sam does it. You do it. It’s not that difficult.” he tilts his chin and takes Cas’ cards, putting them back in the deck and starting to shuffle them.
Slipping a finger on his waistband he lowers his briefs, making his cock’s head stick out red and shiny at the tip, with a drop of pre-come shining through the light.
He takes a step back, trying to take as much detail as possible in, and sits on the old and ragged brown sofa behind him. Cas lets his hand wander on the leather and softy smiles when his fingers bump against a small louse stitching.
Maybe are the crinkles around Dean’s eyes now that he’s beaming with delight, amused by Sam’s reaction.
“So“ Balthazar stares at Dean with a weird glint in his eyes, puffing out of boredom when he doesn’t receive an answer. “Ghosts.” Dean keeps on disassembling the rifle he’s holding in his hands and starts to tap his left foot on the old concrete, annoyed. “And you needed the help of an angel to do it.” Balthazar observes his smooth fingers as he loads the bullets in the weapon then he proceeds to stretching his own legs, resting them on the duffle bag that is in front of him. Dean clenches his teeth and stop his administrations, unable to take from the gear the piece he needs.
“I don’t regret what I’ve done there.” he says gravely, his voice no louder than a whisper. He stares at Dean with resolution in his blue irises, thinning his lips in settlement. “She had taken her choice and my choice had been to respect hers. I’ll never regret
“Yes, Cas.” Their gazes meet and Dean nods steadily when he feels Cas’s hand supporting his body when he’s on his legs, still slightly wobbly when he takes a step forward.
The tilting, the clatter of glasses full of liquor and the chatters as backgrounds don't do anything to silence the hammering of his heart in his ears. Castiel can feel every single pulse, every single beat carving in his veins, tracing a route towards his brain, leaving him dizzy and weirdly excited.
“Take me, Dean.” Dean bites his shoulder when he sinks more, blinking away the tears that threaten his eyes. “Take me.”
“Where are we?” he asks, noticing the old neglected walls and the broken glasses on the floor. “It’s a safe house?”
“Dean, where the hell have you been?” Sam asks worried, dropping his notes on the table and suddenly getting up, glaring at him.
Sam gives him a bump with his shoulder and with a nudge of his head points towards Dean, busy questioning a witness at the end of the room.
Castiel ignores him and starts to pace, the nape of his neck starts burning under his gaze when he gives him his back.
Dean stares at him with his green and blown out irises, thinning his lips in pain when Castiel slowly lays down his body on his lap, hovering with his hands on the wound.
A couple at the back attracts his eyes, they’re half hidden by a marble column and he can’t exactly distinguish their features, yet the cozy atmosphere, the warm bubble in which they’re enclosed, is clear enough to make Cas curious about their relation.
A sudden laugh escapes Dean’s lips and when he suddenly gets up, cracking and beating on his own chest incapable of stopping, Castiel stares at him weirded out.
He starts to catalogue his expressions: the way he smirks when he makes a lousy joke and the way he frowns when he runs on some hard subject in one of the books of the Bunker.
“Do it.” He swallows and brings back a hand, spreading his left cheek. “If this is what you need, just do it.”
A laugh erupts from Dean’s chest when he sees Sam on top of Balthazar. He’s pathetically trying to breathe, without any success.
“Ygritte maybe has understood that Jon Snow knows something after all.” he murmurs not looking away from the book he has retrieved before he entered the room.
was right. I just-“ his breath shakes. “I don’t know what I expected.” his green irises stare at his face in search of something. “We are good, Cas. Don’t worry.” he half smiles. “I’ll take this with me, considering you cannot eat it.” he takes the sandwich and then storms for the door, taking the knob between his slippery palms.
Castiel punches the pillow after the first swap of tongue on his rim, biting his knuckles when Dean continues restlessly to lick him, spreading his cheeks with his rough hands.
“Because I see the way he looks at you” The wind is rising and in a matter of minutes it’ll probably start pouring. “and he never looked at me the same.”
When Dean’s lips close around his fingers a loud moan escapes from his throat, making him dizzy. His vision blurs and when he meets Dean’s eyes he can’t distinguish its outlines. He gapes when his tongue lavishes around his fingertips and groans when Dean scratches at him with his teeth, making him tremble again.
He nibbles gently at his lower lip, closing his eyes without furthering the kiss, and he thrusts with his body, making Castiel gasp in surprise for the sudden stab of pleasure that runs through him.
“He’s like Sammy. They love books.” His voice is rough when he pushes the words out of his mouth and yet it’s soft at the same time. Balthazar’s finger slightly twitches against his own knee.
The snap of their hips, the slap of skin against skin and their ragged breaths are the only noises that fill the room.
“Thank you.” Cas murmurs against his neck, starting to kiss the skin under his ear. Dean just sighs, closing his eyes lost in the sensation. “It really means a lot to me.”
“Don’t you dare go away. I need your help here, man.” Dean’s voice stops him and when Castiel turns again, he finds himself holding two Christmas threads without knowing how.
Dean suddenly gets up and with two long strides reaches Sam and Jack, stopping them from continuing their poor work.
The last note dies and suddenly the silence falls in the room. Cas bites his lower lip and stares with wonder at Dean, the Christmas tree is still leaning against the wall but this time his eyes don’t get lost in the blue and red created by the artificial lighting. Everything’s perfect. Dean takes a deep breath.
Dean closes his eyes when Castiel brushes back a strand of hair and then he rests his forehead against Dean’s, shutting his eyes too.
He scratches at his neck embarrassed and then, glancing around him and making sure that no one can bother them, caresses her cheek, cups her face and brushes briefly her lips with his own.
Suddenly Dean grasps his wrist, stilling him and reversing their position, positioning himself on top of him until his cock slips between his crack.
“We can’t let him go, Sam.” Cas shakes violently and Sam’s hand trembles around his skin, making him gasp in surprise. “Sam-“ he looks him into his eyes and when he sees his pupils shiny with tears, he pulls him away, snatching his arm free.
Maybe is the fond smile that paints his lips, that lingers on his expression, making it softer, more vulnerable.
“Thank you.” He murmurs before getting up, briefly looking at him as he takes a step forward ready to go. Balthazar opens his mouth, about to say something else but the phone in Castiel’s pocket starts to ring. “Sorry, I have to take it.” The name ‘Dean’ is flashing on the screen and Castiel tightens his lips, before pressing the green button to take the call.
Cas clings desperately at his shoulders and makes their chests collide when Dean repeats the gesture, making his cock twitch in response.
“Cas-“ Dean whispers with a low voice, incapable of saying more, but he’s interrupted by his brother that raises a hand and silences him, holding his gaze on Cas’ eyes that won’t meet his.
He lays down his body next to the djinn’s and closes his eyes for a brief moment when he sees his chapped lips stained with blood.
“I mean-“ Castiel gulps steadily and lowers his gaze when he feels the tips of his ear becoming redder. “I don’t sleep and I would really like to hear it, but-“ he meets his green eyes. “Never mind, Dean. Goodnight.”
“What?” Castiel asks confused, fixing his eyes on Dean’s and noticing the small smile that paints his lips.
“I tried to reach him, Sam.” Cas says, avoiding Dean’s gaze glued to his figure. “Yet I caught him in an apparently pleasurable intercourse with Chloe that I felt better not to stop.” he finishes, feeling the weight of Sam’s judgment on him.
Dean calls him and his heart loses a beat, before starting to run against his ribcage. Their knees brush one against the other and Castiel suddenly knows that he has just found his place in the world; he drinks in the sight of the man beside him before looking at Sam and nodding at what he’s saying.
He nods at intervals, showing his sympathy, and when she breaks out and drags him down to hug him in tears looking for some support, Cas detaches his gazes from the scene, feeling a low tug in his chest and a sense of discomfort.
He briefly looks at him and then shakes his head, lying down on his cot with a dangling leg that brushes the floor.
Dean storms in the entrance, descending with heavy steps the stairs, while Sam and Castiel follow him dazed by his sudden outburst.
tell me what you need.” he doesn’t flinch when Dean’s hand clings almost desperately on his forearm, trying to steady himself.
“Flush, Dean. I’ve got a flush.” the words leaving his mouth are solemn and his tone is grave when he meets his eyes. “Flush beats three of a kind, didn’t you tell me yourself?” Cas ends, staring satisfied into his shocked green eyes.
“Excuse me? I’m here in the room too, if you haven’t noticed.” Balthazar glares at him and Dean holds his gaze, thinning his lips and refusing to back up from the challenge.
“At least she’s not a whore.” he strengthens his grip and Castiel buckles, groaning and biting hard the skin under Dean’s ear.
Castiel moans when Dean gives another thrust and with one swift motion he cups Dean’s face, tilting it towards his head and conjoining their lips again, making Dean pant for the surprise.
With a slip of his thumb he gathers the wetness he feels against his head and shivers when he pictures Dean’s green eyes looking at him needy, with his fingers in his mouth and his hips flushed one against the other, trying not to squirm when he was searching for friction to ease himself.
“I miss him too.” He kisses his tears away and Dean just breaths harder, gripping tightly at his wrist and sinking his nails in the back of his hand. “
Then he takes a step behind and glances one last time at him, before leaving the room to go to his bedroom.
Castiel sighs and shakes his head, thinning his lips when his eyes catch sight of a man passed out on the opulent step of the stairs leading to the upper floor.
“Before the hunt began you asked me what happened to me.” Castiel starts, taking a step forward. “You’re right. I’m different now.” Balthazar nods yet he doesn’t say a word, he just stares back, giving him all the time he needs. “I-“ Castiel takes a deep breath and shifts his gaze, trying to compose himself to not break down. Balthazar puts a hand on his shoulder, grounding him. Like he has always done. “I’ve found a meaning.” He raises his irises and pleads him with his eyes. “I’ve finally found myself, Balthazar.”
“You don’t get to choose, Cas. You don’t get to choose who you do want. You don’t get to choose who you do lo-“ Dean chokes on his own words.
Their crotch makes contact and Castiel drops his head for the sensation, feeling a lower pressure beginning to stir in his belly.
“Cash, Cas. We’re talking about cash. Now take your goddamn cards between your hands and let’s play, for God’s sake.”
He can feel his cock growing against his palm and when Cas raises his gaze his eyes are watery and glossy.
His heart starts beating against his chest. He stops to breathe for one single moment. Everything is clouded in his mind. Dean’s ears are red at the tips and his mouth is closed in a soft line.
He’s near, he can feel the rising pression against his lower abdomen, making him shake in despair; with his thumb touches the slit of his cock repeatedly, feeling the blood pumping into his ears.
“It’s none of your business.” He tries to free himself, without real intention, but Balthazar just strengthens his grasp.
Cas moves his gaze and as naturally as possible tries to mimic him, stretching his legs an inch and crossing his arms on his chest.
Dean is staring at the mistletoe, hanging from the ceiling with a transparent wire that keeps it floating in the air in the middle of the kitchen.
Castiel has always wondered about men and their flaws, about the temptations and the pitfalls they seem to crave with all their essence.
Castiel can’t forget the way his chin used to hook on his right shoulder, his breath softly brushing the nape of his neck and the goosebumps that used to scatter all over their skin when he intertwined their fingers during those nights when they felt too alone.
Dean throws himself in the explanation of the case and Sam tags along, while Castiel listens to them with attention. Balthazar has to fight himself for not pulling out his angel blade.
“Don’t do anything like this again. Ever.” They stare at him worried and Dean just shakes his head. “Now go away. Decorate the kitchen, decorate your bedrooms, do whatever you want, but for God’s sake don’t touch this tree ever again. I’ll take it from now.”
He suddenly grabs himself, wishing for another touch against him, gasping for air in the process and closing his eyes again, starting to pump his cock with a tremulous and shaky grip.
“Dean-“ his hand trembles between his fingers. “Dean, I-“ Dean snatches his hand away and a sudden ache in his chest leaves him breathless, yet Dean lowers and stares at him blown out.
The building that stands in front of their eyes is relatively quiet, nobody pushes the heavy doors to exit and nobody climbs the two steps to enter.
Cas snaps his eyes back on Dean’s and he stares at him confused while he gets up and reaches for him.
Cas can consider himself pretty satisfied when he shows his badge in the correct way to the policeman. The hard texture of the leather pinches slightly against his slippery skin when he puts it in the inside pocket of his black jacket.
That’s when Dean spins him and Cas loses his momentum for one single moment, until he slams against his chest.
He nods and then he actually reaches his brother, ready to help him to load the things in the trunk of the Impala. There’s a new posture on his shoulders. He’s reinvigorated.
want to be.” Dean straightens himself and places his feet on the ground, gripping tightly his knees. “And if this means to overcome your judgment, I’m ready to face the consequences.” Cas finishes, not dropping his gaze for a single moment.
“You should go slower with that stuff.” Sam murmurs, continuing to tap on his tablet without raising his gaze from the led.
His fast steps resound in the night and when he finds a streetlight, Cas puts his hand on the pole, breathing raggedly.
The skin of his hand is rough against himself, that’s why he suddenly snatches his hand away and licks his own palm, settling it back immediately and groaning loudly when he pumps his cock faster.
“What’s wrong, Cas?” his deep voice makes him shiver and he can’t control the way his eyes are clouded when he feels the ghost touch of Dean’s mouth against his fingertips.
His fingers are restless on the top of his thigh and when he tries to smooth away a crease on the fabric of his trousers he inhales with his nose, finding a whine stuck in his throat.
Cas smiles too and his fingers twitch slightly when he grabs the drink that Sam’s offering him. He feels Dean’s eyes on his figure when he takes the first sip of his beer. He pulls a face at the bitter taste.
Dean places a construction set on the table and starts disposing every single piece in a horizontal line. His movements are smooth and fast, the excitement clear on his face. There’s a red blush on his cheeks when he turns around. With his hand he gestures towards the small plastic buildings.
“Ok, ok.” Dean raises his hands in defeat and focuses his gaze on the tiny furball that now has closed his eyes, enjoying the scratching. “That’s Peanut.”
“I’ll always do everything within my power to make you happy, Cas. Everything.” There’s resolution in his voice and Cas feels his eyes get teary. He shifts his gaze on the guinea pig
Dean stares into his eyes then, and Castiel’s gaze shift from his green irises to his lips, slightly apart.
“You know what?” Sam gets up enraged by his brother’s words and glares at him. “Go on. Be the usual dickhead you are, avoid sentiments, avoid feelings and don’t you ever try to face a problem pulling out your balls. Hide and flee as well. That’s the only thing you know how to do after all, isn’t it?” he reaches for the knob of the door. “Talk with Cas. Talk with him and for once in your life try to see another person’s reasons.” he murmurs before leaving the room.
” Sam exchange a look of understanding with Dean from afar and then turns to Castiel. “I’m gonna take him outside to make him take a breath of fresh air.”
“I’m not talking to you, Sam.” Dean interrupts him, raising a finger in the air. “I’m talking with him.” he suddenly points at Castiel, sneering. “What? Has the cat bitten your tongue?”
“It’s Greek yogurt, that’s why you don’t like it.” Dean pulls a face and Sam just shrugs, before taking another spoonful.
“Well, it turned out well.” Cas states, not moving his gaze away from the bright lights that illuminate the room.
Dean sheepishly rubs the back of his neck and doesn’t meet his eyes when he invites him to sit down on the sofa. Cas complies and places the guinea pig between his legs, careful to not make him escape again.
A raspy laugh escapes from Castiel’s lips and then he grabs his collar, knocking him against the dirty cement of the room.
Castiel snaps his gaze on his features, his lower lip trembling with fear, and lowers his arms, resting his fingertips on his chest.
“Dean, can you hear me?” he murmurs in his ear, not leaving Dean’s hand and holding it tightly. “Dean, please-“ Cas takes a shaky breath. “Please, tell me you can hear me.”
Their eyes meet and Castiel gulps soundly when Dean hunches towards him, just a tiny space between their bodies. He tries to open his mouth to reply, but Dean hushes him raising a hand.
He sucks more and then he puts a finger inside him, closing his eyes when he feels the warmth that surrounds his digit. Dean’s cock twitches inside his mouth, making him leak at the head more pre-come.
He unbuttons his trousers and when he palms himself through his pants he can’t help to feel ashamed.
When he reaches for him and feels his cold skin under his fingertips, Castiel’s heart stops to beat altogether.
Cas’s hand is shaking when he pulls out the small wrapped box he has held in his left pocket since that morning.
“Dean, go to the morgue and look into the skull’s victim. You’ll see a small fragment inside the bone.” he says with a deep voice, looking briefly towards his direction and giving him a meaningful look “Your FBI clothes are in the Impala, I picked them up yesterday from the laundry. Just go now.”
“Dean, DEAN-“ Sam’s arms block Dean in time before he could hit him. “She would have killed herself the same. Maybe not that day, but she would’ve done it.” Sam tries to reason, while Dean tries to pull himself free from his grip.
The head of his cock slips against him and Castiel raises on his hands and knees, showing himself to Dean and resting his forehead on the sheets.
“I overreacted last night. I shouldn’t have attacked you like that.” his shoulders bend for a brief moment and then straighten again, leaving Cas dazed.
“Balthazar.” He grits his teeth but the other angel just shakes his head, moving closer to the king sized bed at the center of the room. He grabs a white cotton tunic and flattens a non-existent crease on it before wearing it. “
Sam and Jack have Christmas hats on, and they’re surrounding the giant fir near one of the walls, trying to mount the lights.
“What the hell, man?” He wipes some dry leaves off his head, cringing when he feels on his hands dust and mud, and glares at him. “Who did you take me for: Bacchus?”
Castiel’s heart thumps steadily against his ribcage when Dean returns moments later, putting his laptop on the table and starting the song with a flick on the mouse pad.
.” his tone is steady and calm, secure. “You were right before, Dean. I’m not a human anymore, I’m an angel now and I cannot change whom I am with a snap of my fingers.” his words stop flowing for a single moment. “Yet
The hunt’s over and Sam and Dean are long gone. They’re alone, in their shack. Next to what they used to call their nest. Broken glasses are on the floor, survivors of the nights in which the desperation clawed at his heart when he thought that he was dead.
Sam arrives and he shares a knowing smile with him. He takes place in front of them and says something. Maybe he cracks a joke, but Castiel is not really listening to him. He’s too aware of the way Dean’s body shift when he’s relaxed. He can’t see him, but he knows that there are crinkles around his eyes when he brightly smiles at his brother.
“I love you.” He rests his forehead against his. A sudden clench in his chest and he’s breathless. “I love you so much, Dean.” Cas has his eyes closed and Dean can feel the flickering of his eyelashes against his skin. He tries to hide the low shake of his hands when he hugs him tight, not letting him go
” he groans and closes his eyes when Dean swirls his tongue around his fingertips, making him thrust his hips forward, looking for some sort of friction.
Their lips smack against each other and Cas tightens his fist when he hears his raspy voice against her ear, whispering dirty words against her shell.
His lips are pink, slightly shiny for the remnants of the beer, and Cas stares at them thoughtfully, lowly gaping when Dean’s tongue swaps away the wetness from his skin.
Sam dutifully laughs. “ Those are for you and you know it.” There’s a pause, just bursting with unspoken apologies. Sam goes the reasonable route instead. “ We can still meet up each day, hang out on the lake, and hit up Ellen’s… I just don’t want Jess to have to deal with it, you know?”
, his mind supplies, but he doesn’t get a closer look because Dean is pulling the clean shirt over his head and blocking the very tempting view thank the Good Lord in Heaven. Castiel is happily distracted by the new scrub design. “ I like the unicorns.”
“ Jess said you were practically bouncing when you came in and there was enough pep in your voice to confirm it, so… what have you and Big Daddy been doing for you to be all chipper and shit?” She laughs between nibbles of onion ring that Zeke places on the edge of her plate every few minutes.
Dean really doesn’t want to end this right now. He doesn’t want to lose Cas’ warmth and watch him go back to his house while he goes back to his apartment and they both lie awake just thinking about each other (he hopes Cas will think about him) until tomorrow morning. But it’s freezing out here and it’s late and Cas can’t leave the kids.
Everyone from the clinic is there. Gabe and Kali are happily cooing over Alex. Jo and Victor swing by in their police uniforms before their shift, greatly impressing Claire and Jack. Cain and Jess brainstorm new items for Cain’s spring collection. Bobby and Ellen skype for over an hour as people come by to talk with the out-of-state relatives. Cas pulls Dean into the bathroom for a brief, but fantastic, necking session before the Impala shaped cake is brought out, along with an enormous apple pie ablaze with forty candles.
The nauseous cold that had swept through Castiel dissipates just as quickly under the older man’s kindness. He hadn’t realized how much he’d needed the assurance that such violent thoughts, that split second of intentional action when he’d raised the hammer high above his head,  didn’t make him unworthy of the two precious people entrusted to his care.
Jack wipes his hands on the fluffy blue rug and wipes and wipes and wipes until there are no bubbles on his hands or on the rug. Clean and dry.
The Book of Tears mentioned is Robert Munsch's , Love You Forever. You can google the story behind it.
Then Dean’s voice, close to the camera’s speaker, “ Rookie move, Sammy. Rookie move.” Sam doesn’t pause in his mouth washing, but replies by blindly flipping his brother the bird. Dean chuckles and the video ends.
“ I do, too.” Dean’s smile softens, smoothing out a few laugh lines around his eyes that are seemingly locked on Castiel’s. “ It always looks nice. Even without the fancy stuff.”
He falls under the man’s weight and his own momentum, landing hard on the asphalt and instinctually wrapping both arms around his cargo to keep him safe. Castiel’s heart is thumping so hard he’s certain the man crushed against his chest has to feel it through his thin t-shirt. He takes a deep breath, ready to lay the man down and go back for the other when the loudest boom he’s ever experienced splits the air like earthbound thunder and a wave of heat flashes over them.
Castiel is about to protest, but Gabriel is shrieking through the earpiece. ”Yes! That! Do that! You’re a saint, Winchester!”
His evening goes about as planned. Alex is ready for his bottle before Dean is halfway done eating his bowl of soup. Alex is not impressed by the sounds of
Castiel could tell the truth. But there’s so much going on in the moment, the last thing he wants to deal with right now is some weird dramatic reveal that will greatly alter the course of their first night together.
Dean swallows throat dry. He swallows again and turns to grab his water bottle from the desk behind him. “ But it looks good on you.”
“ You’ll be alright?” Cain’s thumbs are hovering over the keypad, needing assurance before sending his message.
Castiel ignores the joke, lifting his body enough to skim his hand down Dean’s front until he reaches that glorious juncture between his legs. He cups the cock under lace, fingers gently rubbing over the balls below.  “ These are beautiful on you.” Beautiful because Dean is wearing them, not the other way around. On their own, the panties would certainly be pretty to look at, but nothing more. But on Dean… Castiel would like to expound more on why Dean shouldn’t be ashamed, shouldn’t be nervous. And one day soon, he will. He will pin Dean to this bed and whisper loving compliments and dirty little sweet nothings into Dean’s skin until he utterly destroys that last bit of ingrained masculine shame.
Cas is panting beneath him, quick little breaths in and out of his parted lips. Dean tilts his head to place a kiss on those dry lips. “ This okay?” He gives the cock in his hand one long slow stroke up, then back down.
“ It’s okay. I’ve got a lot on my mind, as well.” Cas leans in, brushing a soft kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw.
“ Awesome!” Dean returns the gesture and turns his attention to the other Novak-Kline. “ How about you, buddy?” He gives the sticker to Jack, who looks it over very carefully before putting it in his own orange pumpkin. “ You keeping all your candy?”
Castiel grins into the dark. Yes, he knows it’s there because he can feel the heat of Dean’s cheek flare up against his palm. It’s a simple thing, but it works wonders on his heart and unashamedly strokes his ego. He enjoys it for a few long moments before whispering, “ We’re both here. Together.”
Sam continues the moment the nurse is around the corner and he’s holding the front door open for Jess. “ I can do it. I’ve been practicing, you know.”
The Thanksgiving day photos come up and both kids are delighted at the new pics. Claire again points out the people and Jack repeats the best he can. Dean gives them details about his holiday and gets a thorough retelling of the Novak-Kline holiday experience. “ That sounds pretty awesome.” Dean grins at them, closing his camera app once they both get their fill of the photos.
Dean smiles, but rests the tines of his fork on the edge of his plate and gives Claire his full attention. After a few questioning glances at Castiel. “ Well,” he clears his throat. “ We did what Gabe said we did, and--”
Castiel chooses the chair a bit further away, facing her. He’d like to say it is completely out of spite, but the larger part of him acknowledges his choice is one of safety. His back is against a wall and he has enough distance to give himself more time to avoid any physical attack she may launch. Although he doubts that will happen. It’s not Nicholas’ game. Not at the moment, anyway.
“ No charm.” Alex nails him with a hard look and a pointed finger nearly touching his nose. “ Just be nice. He’s like New Dad times a thousand, so treat with care.”
“ Why? Did something happen?’ Sam is extra worried now, great. He blocks Dean’s escape with his sasquatch-sized  body.
Gabriel shakes his head, never looking up from his work. “ No, it’s more than that. You’re happy. Like full on twitterpated, shit eating grin, have-my-babies happy.”
“ But not here” Jess forces a laugh as soon as she gets a deep breath in. “ And you two are scaring the kids. Calm the frack down.”
