"But you said Sigerson was one of the first of your aliases. I don't even know how many identities you had after that. Surely they couldn't have all made sense with a mountain climber's worn pocket watch."
Holmes forced himself to focus. To see and deduce. What could he see? First, no lifeboats. The optimum strategy was out at once. The next best option was not promising either. One old cork vest lay abandoned on its side by the near railing. If it had a companion, Holmes could not locate it, and with the smoke pouring from below and catching the wind on deck now, it was becoming difficult to consistently see much of anything past an arm's reach. By the life vest, Holmes stopped before acting, unable to think fast enough and straining for more speed. Watson spoke instead.
He had never called me his partner before.
A bang.
My throat tightened.
"To Eric Durand," I said as I lifted my glass.
A loud noise startled him from the hall. A sharp shout carried into an irregular rumble punctuated by frequent louder clatters. The source was difficult to discern. Was it Watson? Bizarrely, it almost sounded like two men instead. It almost sounded like a fight.
"It sounds quite exciting."
“When you asked for my help, you asked me.”
“He must.” Mycroft said. “We cannot let Moriarty’s people regroup. They’re vulnerable now, but they won’t be for long.”
Lestrade was at the bar.
“I’m fine.” I said. “Fine.”
I made it into the front hall before Sherlock caught up to me. He blocked me with his body – damn his height!
“Wouldn’t going to an STD clinic for testing be a giveaway? To Moriarty’s people?” I asked. I was still angry, I realised, needling him when all I wanted was to agree.
John turned his head looking down at her bloody figure. He reached out, not looking for Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock noticed what he was doing and grabbed onto John’s. Both squeezing each other as if that would do anything. Within minutes they were now at the hospital’s emergency area.
There on the table were formal documents so that they could send her down to the morgue. Which meant he would then have to contact a funeral director. But that didn't matter. His little girl was lying lifeless on the hospital bed with a white sheet covering her little body.
"Wrong! Ladybugs are cooler and betterer!" Rosie exclaimed to her other parental figure. As she was about to try to explain why John got in between them and spoke.
"Sounds tempting," Sherlock said, quirking his brow up trying to rebuttal with John.
Weeks had passed by before John came across the card the crazy mystery man gave Sherlock.
Annoyed that strangers kept wanting to contact them when he needed time to grieve, like someone normal should. John began avoiding leaving the flat. John was sort of glad that Sherlock would outwardly get mad at how others acted towards them. That when some strangers tried to knock on their door to question them or to give them gifts, Sherlock would go off on them.
The stranger looked at Sherlock creepily and vanished around the corner before Sherlock could catch up to him. Sherlock looked around to see if the stranger was still there and hopefully not taking pictures of the funeral. He had made sure to not let a bunch of people come to the funeral. Yes, the paps were out in the front sadly ready to snag a photo of Sherlock or John. There were also others who hoped they could interview anyone who was inside this building.
John was sitting in the bathtub while the shower head was pouring water over him. It felt like hours and he assumed it was because Sherlock knocked on the door before walking in. Sherlock moved the curtain out of the way to see John just there. He looked up at him, his eyes crinkling because the lights were above Sherlock’s head. He didn’t want to think. He wanted to drink more but when he looked to his left, the bottle standing tall, well, was empty. What once held heavy liquor was now empty dry.
Opening his eyes and turning in bed he caught Sherlock asleep for once. Despite the way Sherlock dresses, he’s always the one up before everyone. Except for those few days, he stays asleep because he denied himself sleep because ‘working on a case’.
Sherlock caught John’s mouth and began kissing back. Sherlock can feel the tears rolling down John’s face and that broke him so much more. He placed his hands up, cupping his face. He used his thumbs and tried to wipe his tears away while still concentrating on kissing him wholeheartedly.
John heard the loud screeching outside and people screaming outside when he turned and looked around to find Rosie. His stomach dropped, having a sick feeling and he ran outside. Outside he saw Rosie lying in the middle of the road blood slowly pooling around her. Sherlock was also running towards her but closer than he was. He was yelling for people to call the ambulance.
John kept drinking himself close to death for the week before the funeral. He cried and mourned for his daughter. Wishing that the world had taken him before her. Sherlock cried as well and wished for the same. Though, Sherlock had noticed John was dealing with this worse than him, so he decided to be the strong one for both of them. He held back his tears in front of people, including John. He held his husband in those same nights whispering things that fell to deaf ears. When alone he’d feel his lungs collapse and cry his eyes out silently.
Looking face to face, John saw Sherlock furrowed his face pitifully and then unlaced his hand. He reached towards John’s cheek and wiped away his tears. He hushed at him and told him to take deep steady breaths so he wouldn’t start to hyperventilate. He didn’t even know he was crying excessively again.
"It's alright Rosie but remember that you need to eat. Come on, let's go into the kitchen and see what we can eat. But first, go wash up."
While Sherlock was saying this John began to talk out and scoot ever closer to her. As if shielding her from the world at the moment could reverse the situation they were in now.
"Piss off. You know you don't mind, you love her." John chuckles out.
They nod and let them hop on. John stood still tears still slipping out while staring at his daughter watching them work over her.
Hours passed by and they didn’t move much. Sherlock intertwined his legs with John. They somehow scooted closer towards each other. Finally, when John was calm he coughed and spoke.
John lifts Rosie onto his lap and hugs her tightly. "Thank goodness my lovebug wouldn't do that to me."
He couldn’t help himself with his train of thoughts on being so self-deprecating. That his ever-loving husband had to take care of him. That he wasn’t holding himself up very well when it was just the two of them. He couldn’t be arsed to get ready for bed when all he can think about is not being strong or there for Sherlock as well.
Sherlock told them that they were their guardians and will be riding with them.
When late at night and John was surprisingly still awake Sherlock would sigh and go to his violin stand and pick up his instrument.
John was getting sloshed while waiting for him to return.
John grumbled out that he wasn’t that drunk but stumbled to the bedroom to collect his clothes, and then to the restroom. When he exited the shower he asked Sherlock if he'd join him to sleep. Sherlock waved him off saying that he had to put some data into his mind palace and would be there in a while.
John walked through the small isles contemplating if he should buy what they needed for today or buy in bulk to last for the week. He went with the former and decided to not buy everything now just so it wouldn’t take them forever. Rosie was in front of him just babbling on about everything she saw around her. John smiled and told her to turn so they can buy a small carton of milk for the cereal.
Sherlock on the other hand was talking with Mycroft and Lestrade, about how they should all keep an eye out for John and take precautions. They had informed him that they’ll be keeping an eye on him as well.
Everything that was currently happening felt utterly horrible and nice at the same time. They didn’t understand it themselves and yet they welcomed it like it was an old-time friend visiting. They both felt this heartache before and they needed an outlet. Something that wouldn’t harm both of them.
He knew that Sherlock was trying his best to make him forget about said things that needed to be done and taken care of. And he was definitely winning.
"Obviously, of course, my mistake. Hey, lovebug. We're gonna go to the market around the corner to get more food. While we're there Sherlock is going to clean up a little and do some research when he's done. If you want, you can stay with him. Hm?"
Rosie struggled but choked out a few words, "Daddy... Pa... Saw a pretty butterfly... Wanted to catch... Sorry, don’t…Mad..."
“Don’t be an idiot like Lestrade, as well Mycroft. You know I won’t do anything stupid right now. John is hurting and I don’t want to add to that.”
“Call when Mr. Watson is ready to see his daughter again.”
“Listen, John, We can call but I don’t think it will help us with grieving,” Sherlock said sternly.
He gave her the option of staying with Sherlock. He's pretty sure Rosie can keep him out of trouble for at least a while. As he thought of that John chuckled to himself.
They reached her and John bent down going into doctor's mood. She barely had a pulse. It was slowing down just how he felt his body and view of the world was doing. The guy who was driving the car leaped out of his seat and quickly left the car and went up to them. He took off his hat and started stuttering. "She-- She appeared out of nowhere."
John laid comfortably next to Sherlock in their bed on a nice Saturday morning. The window cracked open. A slight breeze wafting through the room and making the room cool down and not making it feel too stuffy. Perfect day, he thought, gently smiling.
John walked up behind Sherlock and grabbed his hips gently. He kissed his back feeling his breath hitched. They haven’t done anything in weeks. John needed this. He wanted to forget about everything. His drunken mind still wasn’t helping him. He felt Sherlock still and tense.
He didn't want to worry him at the moment and so he just pushed this encounter in the back of his mind to bring up later at some point to either John or Mycroft. Though most likely Mycroft will be the one to know first. He walked to his husband and put one of his arms behind John's lower back and held it there gingerly and joined in on the conversation that was happening.
John had finally gotten some small motivation to get up and to go clean the kitchen because dishes and loose papers were piling up everywhere. Of course, there was more part of the flat that needed cleaning but he can do baby steps and start off small. He can already imagine Sherlock being happy that John is slowly coming around. That caused a small smile to graze John’s mouth, the first in months.
He kept flipping the card and read the same two sentences over and over again as if they were to change into something else. He didn’t entirely understand what it meant but he just knew he’d try anything.
He wanted the world to stop right there.
The paramedics put her on a gurney and moved towards the ambulance. While John stares at the floor for a second feeling like his breath was taken away. He couldn’t believe what was happening, he didn’t want to. Sherlock tugged on his arm to pull him up so they could follow the paramedics into the ambulance.
A while later they were still kissing and holding close to each other, they heard a knock. Sighing John pulled apart with his lover whining when he lost contact. They knew who was about to walk through those doors in seconds.
“I was playing the violin staring out the window. Oh god, Joh- she ran straight into the street with the car zooming right at her. I just keep thinking-”
John began to focus on them asking questions to help notify the hospital on such information. Sherlock stuttered out the response. Then they asked if they saw what happened and Sherlock also said yes when John shook his head no.
John laughed, looking lovingly at his daughter and then looking to his side to see Sherlock smiling and rolling his eyes tenderly. Rosie just kept giggling and launched herself on to Sherlock and onto him, small feet kicking his sides.
John was aware enough to notice that she was a small old nurse that led them to a room where Rosie was.
“Let them knock all they want.” John drunkenly mumbled one afternoon after Sherlock told off another journalist.
He grimaced at his close friends and family when they talked about how bright little Rosie was. How they thought they also saw a little of Sherlock inside of her. John didn’t know how much he could take it, keeping his tears in and not full-on sobbing. Pursing his lips he walked away to the front pew. Everything was sailing smoothly but that was until Sherlock decided to go up the podium and talk.
Not bothering to leave the flat any longer. He didn’t even bother to go back to work, yet Sarah was gladly accommodating after hearing about what had happened.
John gave his order to the new employee that Mrs.Hudson introduced. Then moving slightly away, turning to continue to talk to her.
Close friends and relatives came to their flat to drop off food or cards in condolences. To say their few words on how they were sorry. Then when the internet and the cult-like following of Sherlock’s found out, those people began to visit the scene and put little candles down the street on the sidewalk to make a little vigil in memory of Rosie.
John smiles at him and walks out hearing footsteps right behind him. John into the kitchen. John sees him go towards his microscope, going over his notes that he did yesterday.
For the past few days Rosie kept coming to their room. John just assumed it's because her birthday was at the end of the week and she was getting bloody excited.
Everything felt like a blur to him. He just went with the motion and did what he thought he would normally do if he was at somebody else's funeral. He went to go look for his friends to chat with them and sadly let them give out their last condolences for the day. There wasn’t much more he could do than that at this point.
Mycroft couldn’t exactly stop them because of something called ‘freedom of the press’. Sherlock hopefully thought that maybe his brother can ‘sway’ them to not be so bothersome. So in seeing that peculiar guy turn the corner it was maddening and he had to follow to confront him.  When he looked around he noticed a business card lying on the floor. He picked it up and read it out in a whisper.
"I'm a ladybug obviously daddy," Rosie said beginning to pout.
So turns out that I had this chapter written already a couple of months ago,,, With that also being said I hope you enjoy this chapter.
John holds an empty box of cereal and goes over to him. He just exhales and decides to not argue with him today. John throws his arms around Sherlock's waist and pulls him towards him. He presses his lips onto his cheek leading down to his neck. Stopping at the top of his collarbone.
Sherlock couldn’t handle John doing this to himself.
He slicked up his fingers and moved around. He was now sitting on the side of John. Face looking at him and hands snaking down to first stroke his penis. Took a few strokes to get John fully erect and begging Sherlock to enter him there and now.
He put one arm on John’s shoulder and then onto Sherlock’s. He sighed and looked to the ground. As if that would somehow make it easier for him to give them the bad news. Soon the doctor found the courage to talk again.
While he was cleaning the rest of the kitchen, John mulled over how he was to approach Sherlock on his discoveries. And wondering if Sherlock would answer his questions and not trying to avoid the questions thinking it would hurt him. John thought that he could maybe just convince him to tell him when he had received the card.
“Get off your high horse. You don’t need a reason to be watching us. You have been for years.” Sherlock butted in before he gave Greg a chance to talk.
During this time they had only called Mycroft. No doubt there would be a news outlet wanting to cover what had happened especially with the Holmes-Watson’s. If he couldn’t do that then maybe he could get them to not say the names.
John just smiled and looked at the outfit she chose. She had a headband that had two antennas on with poms at the end of each one. She then wore a pink puffy skirt with polka-dot tights. Her shirt was also pink, almost the same shade as her skirt. And then she had yellow bee wings on. She looked ridiculously adorable.
He just told her to wait a minute while he got everything settled. Such as the bags and sorting out on how to hold the drinks without dropping them.
Sherlock and John did what the new normal was in the flat till mid-afternoon. Sherlock couldn’t handle John thinking way too much about it and asked him if they should call now. John quickly agreed and pulled out his phone.
"We should probably start locking our door."
Yet he wanted it to stop but he knew eventually people will forget while he and Sherlock will forever remember. He sat back in his chair and downed back burning liquor and taking that small comfort of Sherlock getting angry for him. Someone should feel something other than devastating guilt and sadness between the two. It most certainly won’t be him.
"We have no more food. So I'll go around the corner to the market and buy some food for the rest of this week. I'll take Rosie with me. While I'm gone you can maybe move some of these things out of the way so we can find room to put the groceries and wash the dishes please."
All of a sudden, there was jumping happening and John opened his eyes swiftly.
“You slumped into the chair and kept weeping. The nurses and people were beginning to worry and thought you might need a sedative to calm you down. Mycroft quickly messaged me when they suggested it. He told me that there was a car ready for us out front to take us back home when we were ready.
Sherlock just glared at the guy. Somebody from the crowd told them that the ambulance was coming any minute now.
He wasn’t handling this very well as he thought he would be. At this point, he didn’t think he cared enough to try any longer. If Rosie, who was a child, couldn’t live any longer then why should he?
As they continued talking Sherlock noticed someone from the corner of his eye. Noticing them had been fairly simple. The somebody had caught his attention because he knew everybody there but him. Sherlock quickly concluded that there was a stranger at their daughter's funeral and he would see to himself that they were kicked out if Mycroft’s so-called security wouldn’t do anything about it.
"Hello, Mr.Holmes-Watson's I'm sorry to say this but your daughter didn't make it.” The doctor paused himself to let out a breath of air.
"That's not fair." Sherlock huffed pulling his robe tighter around his body. Then he crosses his arms in anger.
They pulled apart. Sherlock sat down sitting on the edge of the seat. He had nothing to say and so he pulled John closer to him, squeezing his hand in small intervals. Time stood still for both of them. What felt like days was probably an hour at most that had passed.
He wanted Sherlock to wrap him up. He wanted Sherlock to use that brain of his and defeat the odds again and bring his daughter back. John himself wanted to do something. Yet there he was laying on their bed not being able to do nothing but letting his tears shed.
He choked back a sob that was clawing out his throat. He wanted the world to stop right there. Everything in him felt like it was breaking and hearing his husband say that he saw what happened with his own eyes took him down another notch.
Sherlock knew he should’ve investigated more but he was too busy worrying about John that he simply just deleted it from his mind and left it at that. Hell, he even forgot about the card when he meant to throw it away.
"So bloody god help me get him to stop talking to us or I will kill him right here," John barked out, not removing his eyes off his daughter.
Rosie squeezed her father's hand and happily jumped up and down.
He pulled away to lay on his back to blow out air roughly. John wasn’t sure he was ready to hear what he was going to say. He steeled himself and let Sherlock take his time to talk.
After a few minutes of chatting she left and John was still waiting for his order. Since they were practically home, he wasn’t too mad about the wait.
(See the end of the chapter for
The guy on the other end of the call chuckled before speaking playfully.
Sherlock’s hand laid on top of John’s and trembled. Sherlock was silently letting his tears fall slowly. He was certain that John could barely register the sniffles that he was definitely making. John absolutely didn’t hear the doctor walking towards them and now trying to speak. Not until Sherlock slightly pinched John’s hand to get his attention.
The first week after the funeral John did nothing. He didn’t know how he could handle not seeing her, hearing her, playing with her. John couldn’t bear standing in her room for very long. He thought that maybe after the funeral he would be able to get some closure and start the healing process, but he felt that it did the exact opposite. It tore at him
"Please," John added looking directly at the doctor. Tears were beginning to swell up around his eyes again but they didn't shed.
Waking up, John blinked rapidly to clear his bleary eyes. Today he’d call and definitely had things to say and ask.
"As we are speaking they’re closing her back up and cleaning her up at least a little. Then they’ll be setting everything up. You can see her before we take her to the morgue afterwards you guys can tell us what will happen next. I'll have a nurse come get you guys once it's done. Again I am so sorry that we couldn’t do much and I’m sorry for your loss."
“How did we get home… I just-- I just don’t remember.”
He heard him sigh and heard the rustling of clothes dropping to the floor. He felt his husband enter the shower, hissing at first. He reached forward and could see one of his hands turn the knob. Soon the water started flooding out warm water.
Rosie scrunches up her nose and giggles again. John turns slightly and swats at Sherlock, pulling away once again to hug Rosie.
do this for John. He will show him-- and the rest of the world when they inevitably find out-- that he’s holding up as best as someone who lost a child could hold up to. The standards weren’t high, but Sherlock for himself set them up to the roof. Be damned if the only time he could break down was when John and he got pissed drunk out of sadness and guilt or when he was in the shower crying on his knees all on his own.
In queed John deciding to snore loudly and breathe out a whistle. This then caused Rosie to laugh quietly and almost caused him to lose his composer of feigning sleep. He felt Sherlock moving-probably lifting Rosie up-then feeling Rosie in the middle.
They stayed like that for a while. They didn’t need to speak. Everything not being said spoke much louder than the two of them could ever put into words.
Shaking his head getting rid of any sober thoughts and then John leaned forward. They stumbled backward until Sherlock was against their closet and John’s lips were mere inches from Sherlock’s.
John was contemplating on calling Harry but decided against it. He put his phone back in his pocket. Everything would be fine. There was no sense in worrying anyone so much at this point. He began a small mantra of ‘everything will be fine’. Until the doctor came out looking grief-stricken. Then everything stopped his jittery legs, his mind, and his breath.
As John moved Sherlock’s papers off the table into a box near the table so they wouldn’t come across this problem, a card fell. He bent down to pick the card back up to place it on the now neatly piled stack of papers. When his eyes landed on the words ‘your daughter’.
"Fine, I'll eat more around her. And I'll take that as a compliment. I'm a fine specimen to be, for your information."
To add full effect to what he said, he kissed his jaw and pulled back. Forcing himself to act as nothing happened. He turned towards the stove to fetch the kettle to put water in for tea. After putting the kettle full of water back onto the stove and turning it on. Only then did he decide to face Sherlock again.
“When they… When they took our little girl out of the room you started to sob again and I couldn’t pull you back into reality. It felt like you were gone.” Sherlock whispered.
Some small part of John’s brain was scared that Sherlock was somehow going to up and suddenly disappear. Be gone just like his Rosie had. Just how he had done many many years ago at Saint Bart's. But John didn’t want to acknowledge this part of his brain yet. He just wanted to hold his husband close to him and never let go. He wanted to fall apart in his bed with his man and never see anyone else. He too wanted to disappear. It wasn’t fair. It just wasn’t.
Meanwhile, John stopped breathing and tensed before remembering to relax.
Everything around him went quiet. His vision began to tunnel, blood was rushing through his ears and he heard nothing but that. John lost it and stumbled back into the chair next to where Sherlock was sitting. Looking to the ground as if it held the answer on how to bring his daughter back, he began to feel nauseous. Closing his eyes to try and ground himself, John reached out to clutch onto Sherlock’s silk pajamas.
When they entered John put his bags on an empty table and turned towards the counter. Rosie kept jumping to see if she could see Mrs. Hudson in the back, behind the tall counter.
"That was supposed to be a secret between us Rosie. I've been betrayed, oh my heart!" Sherlock dramatically said, placing his hand over his heart and leaning back. His other hand then joined his face covering his eyes. She giggled again and proceeded to tell Sherlock that she didn't mean it.
John wasn’t sure what he was exactly angry at. He just felt angry and felt like he was justified no matter what.
Tears were flowing down his face. John couldn’t hold back either and just let the tears fall freely. Sherlock blinked at him and latched onto John. Pulling him in closer. John felt his shirt slowly soaking up because of how Sherlock placed his face onto John’s stomach. John unclenched his hands once again and grabbed onto his shoulders. Squeezing the dear god's life out of him.
"Boo Daddy!" Rosie yelled, laughing and falling down onto the bed. She scrambled to her knees sitting up and still giggling at him.
John took all of that information in and wanted to cry again but he willed himself not to.
John didn’t want to be in control this time. He wanted to be taken care of just how Sherlock was taking care of him outside of their bedroom. Laying his hands above his head he let him take reins.
Turning onto his side, instantly swirling his finger in circles on Sherlock's chest. He can feel and hear Sherlock emit a soft hum in content. John pulls Sherlock helping him turn towards him so he can happily and lazily kiss his partner. John snakes his arm around Sherlock and brings him closer as they kiss.
“It's just a joke, John. Someone probably knew when the funeral was just like the rest of the world did and decided to pull this horrid stunt. Or he could also be trying to make money off of us.” Sherlock said.
There they stood, sat, paced, waiting for any news. He didn't expect to be in the hospital emergency room waiting for news on his little girl today or hell ever in his life. Sure, broken limbs perhaps, but this? No, John didn’t ever expect this to happen. Sherlock kept holding onto him, pulled him into a hug. His face hitting his shoulders and feeling Sherlock rest his face into his hair inhaling and exhaling deeply.
“You’re drunk. Go shower and sleep, or skip the shower and go to bed. Clear your head and think about what you want to say for tomorrow when we inevitably call.” Sherlock said, pocketing John’s phone so he wouldn’t have access to it.
Although
“Relax love, she’ll come out in a second,” John said looking down at Rosie.
“As if gifts would help us!” Sherlock would scream at Mycroft or Lestrade through the phone asking if they could get it to stop.
He stopped and felt like he couldn’t breathe. John knew that he was still in the phase that seeing anything about his daughter caused him to have some sort of reaction and so he couldn’t help himself. He had to cough a few times and to remind himself to breathe to get his breath back in order.
John couldn’t hear anymore. He had to stop him. “Stop talking. Love, please stop talking for the love of God.”
“It felt like a huge part you just broke and died. That you went with her and I didn’t know what to do. Please don’t do that again John...” He said looking away from John.
Sherlock couldn’t handle John doing this to himself. He also thought that if he put any bark into his command John would heed it.
John took a deep breath before exhaling and tried to control himself. Right now he's going to be strong just how Sherlock was currently doing. He will not cry without a fight. He wanted to be strong like the soldier he was. Like a doctor talking to a kid who needed to know they will be okay. He stood and noticed that Sherlock wasn’t going to stand any time soon.
He sits up and begins to shout in a happy tone. "I should be the one feeling betrayed! My two favorite people tried to scare me awake!"
Eventually, all the food Mrs. Hudson or guests brought them went to waste. Just going stale and bad in their fridge, beginning to look like one of Sherlock’s old experiments he left in there as well.
It was highly strange that there was no traffic on this day when usually there was. There’d be at least a few honks of cars going by each other in a hurry trying to get back to work or whatever their busy lives entailed. So assuming this, the driver took this opportunity and drove faster than what is the speed limit on Baker Street.
With that, John lifted Rosie to the ground and she went to open the door. She ran to the bathroom and pulled out a little stool for her so she could reach the basin to wash up.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at John smiling. John smiles back and leans in and quickly pecks his lips. He lays on his back and closes his eyes. He was going to pretend to sleep, so his little lovebug can ‘surprise him’.
After a while, John rested his arm back down. He blindingly moved around to look for Sherlock’s hand. Few seconds passed and he finally found it. He squeezed tightly and then released. John breathed out that he didn’t know he was holding in until Sherlock squeezed back.
They were arriving closer to the hospital, called out the driver, and told them to prepare so they can quickly roll her to the emergency room.
I probably will take a couple of months to write again. But I swear to almighty God, that this story will be finished. Maybe I'll finish it on the day I uploaded it or on Halloween hehe. If you see any mistakes please correct. Hoped you like this chapter and tell me your thoughts. Have a safe and happy time my dearest readers.
There he would play, at times early into the morning while John just stared off into space. Until the drink in his hand and Sherlock’s sad music lulls him to sleep.
Everybody around him even before the funeral knew he wasn’t handling it very well. Though they understood, it was worrying to them. People still approached him but more cautiously and while they did he stared off into space when anybody was talking to him. He'd slowly focus on the small closed casket that was placed in the middle for everyone’s viewing.
"No no no no lovebug. Keep your eyes open baby. No no no just keep breathing," John said raggedly.
“Sweetie we’re not mad. Just keep your eyes open. Please…” Sherlock said ending with barely a whisper.
“And what if it isn’t? I’ve been thinking about this all day.” John pointed out angrily.
A mess was beginning to pile up around the flat. Sherlock tried to keep things organized and clean but he didn’t exactly do this often with being too preoccupied with worrying about John. In the times he was alone-- that being on his way to pick up cold cases from Lestrade or gathering groceries-- Sherlock became very gloomy and desolate.
Mycroft looked at him questioningly. “No?”
“What?!”
“Erm, thanks.”
"Jealousy is boring."
I reached over to my bedside table and opened the drawer. I grabbed the tube of lubricant and the box of condoms and set them close at hand on the bed. Then I pressed my face into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse and kissed him there. He smelled of soap and just a hint of musk – the length of his shower suddenly made sense, he had anticipated this.
I let Mrs. Hudson lead me away from the front. We pushed through a set of doors and found ourselves at the far end of the chapel, near a coffin. Sherlock’s coffin.
"Nothing. The view." I told him. "This window doesn't open –" I knocked on the glass. "I'll check the others." I left him staring at his reflection in the window wall and made my way through the flat. The rear entrance was through the kitchen, it was locked and barred as the front door must have been, thick metal bands installed across the frame. Several of the windows opened with little cranks to approximately twenty centimeters – far too small for a person to crawl through even if they wouldn't plunge to their death. There were no ledges or platforms on the building.
I stirred, squirming under the blanket. John climbed in and I was in his arms again, my head on his shoulder. I caressed his chest idly, my fingers combing through his fur. It felt strange and miraculous.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks, Alfred. Erm... are there more of you on the fifth floor?” John asked the young man, changing the subject of his thoughts and hopefully theirs. “Looked like a lot of small rooms.”
Unless…
I meant it. I felt so vastly relieved that my trust in him had not been betrayed... I almost felt jubilant.
“You don’t want me here?” John asked flatly.
want a baby?”
"No." John croaked. "I was on the ground. I saw Sherlock jump. I saw his body. His skull was crushed - there was no pulse. I didn't see Moriarty at all."
Sherlock sighed and set down the toast. “The bitter odour isn’t a byproduct of the hormone injections. There are indications of a foreign chemical in their blood, a compound... but it had been partially metabolised. I couldn't isolate it.”
"Wouldn't stop what?"
An inmate was yanking at the straps holding him down. “Hey! Get off him!” For a moment I was face to face with the man – he was sturdy and hawkish with piercing brown eyes and a full head of hair. I leveled my rifle and prodded him with it, none to gently. He hesitated, glancing down at Sherlock with a look I couldn’t define but definitely did not like. I prodded him harder, shoving the barrel into his guts hard enough to bruise and he finally backed away. I just barely registered another soldier grabbing him.
"Perhaps. I fear I am discovering I am not entirely the same person I was when I left. I know that you are not. We are both of us similar, yes, but we are not the same."
"You could have made the effort but you did not, which means you must have... chosen not to repair it? You wanted it to look this way. You wanted..."
"Did you?"
A tear I'd not intended rolling down my cheek startled me back into the present. I wiped it away with the heel of my hand, grateful to find my patient by now truly asleep and no longer able to bear witness.
If he was able to be this talkative, I was relatively certain he would be well. In my experience, dying men tended not to be quite so droll. Still, a hard pit of worry sat in my stomach. At least Holmes was easier to examine with his mouth shut.
I picked the thing up and it swung in the air, shining in the light, this message I had no ability to decipher. I longed for a translator, not only for him but for me. When I put it down I slammed it on the table harder than I meant to, or perhaps exactly as hard as I meant to.
"It is unnecessary. You forget the powers of my imagination. I know your watch's shape and weight perfectly in my mind. I can recall the tactile sensation of every scratch, ding, and repair upon it just as I can recall the circumstances for each in exacting detail. I know it intimately as a meticulous record of time lost and kept. I do not need to possess your gift in order to consider it whenever I wish and frequently when I do not."
I knew where it was, of course. Where it had always been. Where he left it.
But if that was the intent, why didn't he follow through with it? A week we trekked through the Rhone valley and the Swiss mountains after that day, with Holmes as filled with energy as he could possibly be and I filled with trepidation. He could have abandoned me easily as I watched behind for our pursuer and not ahead at him. As clever as he is, he could have tricked me and left me behind a dozen times over.
Holmes laughed then, crouched there holding Watson's cheek, both of them drenched in saltwater and relief, but the mirth caught inside his chest.
The stillness of the small hours of the morning hung in the air, heavy like dew just about to settle. Exhaustion left Holmes hopelessly swallowed by the benthic depths of his bed, unable to escape, but the natural calm of the scene ensured he did not care. He only wished Watson hadn't noticed his wakefulness, not that his attentive doctor would likely miss such a development. Simply watching Watson recline in the soft candlelit shadows and read was a more effective restorative than any of the medicines inside the physician's bag of tricks.
it, present tense. You choose
"How do you feel? Is there something you need?"
"All at once? The withdrawal must have been a misery. Why would you start again after all that?"
Holmes was right about another thing as well. As I pulled the thermometer with its unnaturally long quicksilver line from under his tongue, I was indeed experiencing some negative feelings regarding his behaviour.
I turned to find Holmes leaning in the doorway, looking weary with my own robe dangling limply from his bony shoulders. He was as thin as I'd ever seen him but as adept at interpreting my thoughts as ever.
"You deserve a better explanation, I know. Sometimes the only explanation one has to offer is evidence."
"No, in no real sense am I ill. I thank you, Doctor, I shall leave you be."
"Well, I am aware of your negative feelings regarding this particular proclivity, Watson. If possible, I had hoped not to involve you at all."
The torches turned their way and more shouting voices followed, although by then, Holmes could no longer understand their words. Soon, he could understand nothing at all.
"Holmes? No, don't fight," he said as the detective sputtered and struggled to keep his face out of the depths. For his part, Watson seemed somewhat invigorated by the brisk sea, perhaps benefiting from his rugged Northern blood. "Let's roll you onto your back. There, that should be better."
I knew that he would understand me.
"Oh, there you are," Watson said sleepily. "Been looking all over for you."
His deduction turned out to be right, of course. The cognac was extraordinary. I waited a glass or two in for both of us before I brought up the questions that still sat weighted in my mind. I had to know.
Holmes couldn't help a small groan as awareness of the situation hit him full force along with an open hand across his face. Focus returned, and immediately Holmes wished it had not.
Or at least he feigned defeat. Is that why he took my watch? To find another way to win? To make me lose track of time, miss another train perhaps, and allow him the space to slip away from me unnoticed?
I reached for him and caught his wrist along with an idea of what he had come to me for.
Thorne looked enormously pleased with himself, blissful in his enjoyment of the vast rumbling engine as pistons whirred, steam hissed, and the machine propelled them forward through the shallows and out to sea.
"The war I know about. Maiwand is a matter of history at this point, documented in excruciating detail in every kind of print. I need none of that. I am asking about your wound, your shoulder. You speak of it often, but in clinical terms only and thus that is how I know it, as shattered bone and nicked artery. But that is internal and not at all how your injury is experienced, by you or by anyone else. It is a ubiquitous constant in your life and thus our newly shared time. We have been learning about each other, Watson. I would learn this."
"I am virtually assured of seeing it eventually. We will go to the Turkish baths one day after a chase resolves, perhaps. Or we will hurriedly change clothes in an alleyway as we discard one set of disguises for another on the fly. At some point, I am certain we will have to address some minor or more than minor upper bodily injury. Usually those should be mine and I do hope we can keep yours to a bare minimum, but if you continue in this line of work with me, expecting none is unrealistic. In any case, I will see your shoulder at some point, Watson, so I do not propose now to simply look at it. I propose to observe it. I gather data by utilising a variety of senses, and I can most efficiently learn what I will if I am allowed to employ them. Do you consent?"
"Now that is much better. An observation followed by an accurate inference, well done. What else?"
"We never looked for it. Try to relax yourself now."
So this was his explanation somehow, of something, this hunk of tarnished silver sitting heavy in my palm. Holmes clearly had no interest in elaborating himself. That was for the best for now, I thought. Perhaps the sedative I had administered would pull him down into a real, recovering sleep as he playacted at a fake one. I settled in for the wait either way and turned my new, old toy toward the candlelight.
"I have to enquire. I have no other choice. If we are to continue in each other's company, this situation cannot be avoided. It is enquire now consciously and with intent, or discover later after my mind pieces the answers together from small hints in your speech and larger hints in your manner. It may take me years, but it will happen. I will know."
"You have to take it, Holmes. Don't argue."
Hurrying was not in the realm of Watson's capabilities at that moment. Reaching out for every nearby surface as aid in staying upright, he did as he was told and sloshed and shambled off-kilter toward the villain, who was sunk to the floor with a sixteen inch steel rod protruding from his chest. It was fortunate for the detective the lever did not bury itself in the key three inches to the right instead.
Where once Holmes would have let the moment drop in silence, now he spoke.
Watson caught his open eyes over the pages of his book. The doctor tucked his marker into the yellow-backed sea melodrama he was reading by the light of the small bedside candle.
"It matters not at all what remains the same about the object from when last you possessed it. All value lies in what has been altered in the interim."
"I'll say it's odd having you here," Evander Thorne said with a crooked smile as he turned knobs and monitored various dials. "I had imagined I'd be toasting myself and my extraordinary success alone as I sailed to my vindication. Instead, I'm here with a busted lip and you, at least for now. The worst part is your errand boy there got himself christened instead of the ship, so now my toast is out of the question too. Ah, well, I suppose I should thank the doctor for sparing me a future headache when I cracked his skull. That champagne really is a dreadful vintage. You never waste the good stuff on a ship, after all, even this one."
Abruptly, he pivoted Holmes about on one chair leg, and dropped him with a leaden jolt. While the ensuing flash of pain passed, Thorne took Holmes' head in one meat claw and jerked it toward the port side wall. Vision focused and the pain returned anew.
It was what I needed too.
"Not... not nothing."
Holmes struggled to concoct a reply, to think at all clearly, to remain upright. Undone at all three, he toppled over onto his side in the sand, but Watson's hand never left him as he breathed and waited in vain for his heart to slow to a level conducive to proper human functionality. For his part, the doctor was regaining at least a little more of his own coherence. He stroked what he could reach of Holmes' hair and peered down the beach.
When he returned, Watson had the lock open quicker than anticipated but the process of being freed from the chair was more of an ordeal. Sleep five hours with an arm lying in an awkward position in bed and one may well wake up sore. Spend some fifty hours or more bound to a chair with a fractured arm cuffed in an awkward position, and one may find oneself in a state approaching agony upon returning the limb to its proper orientation.
He sighed and dropped his weight onto the edge of the table behind him. "Respect requires honesty. All of what I just said is true except that, yes, this is also a matter of want. I want to understand what happened to you. I want to know what it means when you refer to it."
"Can I ask why you had it out tonight, then?"
For a moment I wondered if he would conjure his magnifying glass from his pocket as Holmes leaned forward to view the keloid lumps piled around my collarbone. He peered at all angles, above and behind, craning his neck and bowing low beside me with his hands tucked behind his back. Holmes did not address my arm as a physician would, as I would, as damage to be assessed and treated. Instead, he examined it as the evidence of the attempted murder it also was.
At last, the engine destroyed itself by launching all three of its exotic pistons out at once with a dense boom so low and so loud that Holmes flinched under the sound as much as the great burst of force. One of the rocketing pistons shot straight up into the air, all the way through the top deck of the ship, leaving the black of the night above just visible in the hole remaining. The other two pistons burst out at both sides, piercing the hull simultaneously as thin, cylindrical cannon balls.
Delivering for the smuggler was the perfect job. It gave me a measure of safety – interfering with the smuggler’s business wasn’t good for anyone. No one paid attention if I was somewhere I wasn’t supposed to be – I pretty much had the run of the place. I became a familiar face, part of the vast prison organism, a common sight dismissed as unimportant. I delivered to every block, every faction, every cell. This included Vinokourov’s gang.
But rationality had nothing to do with what was happening now. This was pure base instinct, the kind they rigorously taught people like John to control in sex ed class.
Mycroft groaned loudly and spread his legs. Greg ventured lower, caressing the tight ring of muscle, hearing Mycroft’s breath hitch and gasp. He reached blindly for the bedside table and opened the drawer, groping inside. He opened the tube of slick and applied some to his fingers.
I reached for my knife – but it wasn’t there!
Afterwards, we had a quick wash in the field house, stripping off muddy kit and boots and standing under the freezing cold showers as long as we could stand, then we marched with the lads to the Badger & Swan.
“So I do.” Lestrade admitted. “It’s too easy, making my daughter cringe. It’s a laugh.”
I pulled back and licked across the head. “You are perfect, John Watson. You are so beautiful and just...perfect.”
Nazer made an impatient noise and stood up. I cowered – he was prone to lashing out when frustrated. But he just threw some things into a mesh bag, flung a towel over my shoulder and pushed me out of his cell.
“No, it’s not. I’m sucking all the air out of the room. Lets talk about something else.”  I took a big slug of my ale. “Tell me more about you. The last time we talked, I monopolised the conversation too.”
...felt the “oof” of the air being knocked from his lungs...
“He had several theories, but he didn’t know how it would turn out. He admitted he was frustrated, but I got the sense he was trying to prepare for... any eventuality. John, Sherlock said something might happen to him, and if it did, he asked me to look after you.”
Holmes drank the water I gave him and submitted to a cold compress without complaint. He was silent and still for a long time. Then all at once, he held out his clenched fist to me.
"You should be sleeping, you know."
"If you are going to conduct an examination, Doctor, would you mind closing the door first?" I said, trying to lift the mood for both of us. Holmes straightened and did more than I asked, shutting and locking the sitting room door in one fluid motion.
The pistons in their cylinders, now exposed, pumped in a silver-white blur. A whistling noise of multiple pitches like a tin kettle orchestra rang through the air. The bolted-down engine made a pair of large lurching jolts of such force that the frame of the ship cried out under the strain in an organic, almost living sound of pure distress. The rattling shook the walls, the floor, the chair beneath him. Holmes found himself trembling too.
I picked the watch up again to turn it in my hand and I snapped it open easily several times.
He kept his standard demeanour of solemnity, but a mischievous quarter-smile gave him away. I redressed and headed upstairs for the bottle. Holmes did not bother with such formalities. When I returned, he was exactly as I had left him, sitting back low in his chair, his shirt still hanging open at his throat, his expectant gaze just as intense.
A thud.
I took a steadying breath he must have listened to and did as he asked. Every internal pop and creak he catalogued along with its corresponding arm motion and position. When he was at last satisfied with his findings, Holmes stood up straight to return his focus to my surface scars.
At that moment, I should have liked to tell him how I missed him too. How I missed my dear friend's voice, his presence, his brilliance, his respect.
Battered or not, Thorne dragged Holmes' chair backwards out of the storage closet and into the engine room with only the slightest difficulty. The same could not be said for Holmes. Every stuttering movement by the chair's legs dragging against the wood floor he could feel rattling in the very marrow of his bones.
Faint, at best. Watson gave no response to his name repeated in increasingly frantic rasped tones. At his side at long last, Holmes dropped hard to his knees, his broken arm dangling useless at his side. The detective pressed his still viable fingers to the side of Watson's throat to discern a pulse, slow but strong, and Holmes exhaled a breath he had not realized he'd been holding. The doctor's eyelids flickered open.
"We are," Watson shouted with the last of his formidable strength. "We're still here." He smiled down at Holmes with as much reassurance as his concussion would allow him to muster. Ringed in tender moonlight and touched by the breeze of the sea, he looked to Holmes like he was floating.
"Of course you would have, which is why I had to steal it. It isn't as if I needed it, except that I did, more than I could even then know. Observe and deduce, Watson. I know you remember my methods."
Holmes said nothing.
I said nothing, waiting, willing him to elaborate. He looked at me, and Holmes rolled his brandy in his glass, considering how he wished to proceed.
"Broken, isn't it?" Although it was phrased as a question, it was not. "And you've been beaten. Have you had any food? Any water?"
I watched the hands snapping forward. Four hours, nineteen minutes. Eighteen. Seventeen. I used to love sitting in silence beside him like this. Now I found it intolerable, and I broke it with more anger than I realized I'd been holding.
"I've always believed one good fool deserves another. And you are the best I ever knew."
"We would not be precisely the same men we were three years ago if nothing so dramatic had happened. Regular daily life is an altering experience in itself, however gradual. But we have been through a great rift, you and I, and both of us had to weather the long dark that followed alone."
That arm he moved experimentally in the air, extending it and straightening it, raising and lowering. His fingers tucked into his shirt danced and tested at the joint as it moved. Finally, a position suited him, but he seemed more sombre than pleased to discover it. His arm hung in midair, his hand outstretched, reaching to touch something in his imagination I could not see.
Their rescuers, townsmen attracted by the smoke and flames at sea, approached with raised voices and torches.
If John Watson did still breathe, it was so shallowly as to be imperceptible under the mahogany tweed of his coat, at least to Holmes' bleary eyes. He lay unmoving on the ground on his side. His clothing was damp and a dark halo of blood and broken glass spread about at his head. Holmes' attempts to wake him garbled to gibberish behind the gag down his throat.
As I was about to take a step back to look him in the eye and better read him, he at once wrapped his willowy arms around me and pulled me into his embrace.
"Do you wish to hear my complaints, Doctor, or would you prefer to ascertain my temperature? I do not believe both are simultaneously possible in the physical sense. I suppose if you were willing to sacrifice some precision in measurement and also able to accurately interpret my racing words from behind pursed lips and clenched teeth, you might–"
"Of course. Allow me." The doctor was ever prepared. Watson picked up the small glass he had at the ready on the bedside table and he tipped it forward to Holmes' lips. "Gently," he said after Holmes took several initial overeager gulps. "A little at a time, that's right."
I sighed and settled into the new too-small chair beside my bed. Any distant hope of sleep tonight had vanished.
"My chest no longer feels so tight as to possibly implode at any given moment and my thoughts are not coming at me in a cyclonic chaos, so yes, Doctor, I would unreservedly agree with better."
"No." Watson pulled Holmes toward himself with the hand he had captured. "You intended it."
"Ludicrous. It must be yours. You have a serious head wound."
It took my breath away to imagine it.
This was mine, my old pocket watch, a gift Holmes had given me after our first extraordinarily lucrative case resolved so long ago, the delicate recovery of the McCarver pearls. I almost missed his grand resolution with the baroness and the barber's scissors by missing a train in Hertfordshire.
Alone in the ocean, Holmes tried his best not to imagine Watson similarly struggling by himself. He was a strong swimmer, Holmes knew, but with a serious head injury and nothing to keep him above water but his own dwindling energy...
So Holmes had filed my name off of the case before anything else, and that made easy sense to me. He was running, hiding in foreign lands under falsified identities. A fine silver gentleman's watch was a risk to carry on its own, much less one with my initials engraved upon it. It was a calling card printed plainly for all the wrong eyes to read. I could imagine him sitting in some dingy rented room, hastily carving off the last remnants of anything bearing either of our names.
I opened my eyes. A slit in the curtains cast a narrow shaft of moonlight onto the door. It remained shut, motionless, but I could not be. I pushed my blankets aside to stand. Abruptly, the knob rattled again, and footsteps paddled away at a clip.
"The only ethical choice was denying me any choice of my own."
"But what does that mean? Evidence of what? That you were a thief?"
It was the lever's failure that changed the situation. It pierced cleanly through the air like an archer's arrow before embedding itself four inches deep into its direct line destination. As it happened, that particular destination turned out to be the center of Evander Thorne's sternum as he turned to view yet another set of pegged gauges.
"How I missed you, John."
"You could have just kept it, you know. I already knew you meant to leave me behind. You told me to my face and you told me in the letter. I did not need to be reminded that you wanted me gone and made certain you had your wish."
She was beginning to close her eyes when they heard the sirens close by now, screeching abruptly.
Rosie struggles a little bit at first but finally manages to open the door. In came the almost six-year-old girl. He heard the door close and then small steps and when he heard the small, "Shh." He imagined Rosie holding a finger up to her lips, telling Sherlock to not make any noises.
John hadn’t noticed at all that the water he was under then was freezing. Not that he cared, but the water that was cascading over him now felt better.
This made Sherlock move his hand to land on John’s sensitive sides, snaking up to roughen up his nipples. He slowly tugged and pinched them, making them hard like pebbles. He went to his neck and left love bites. At the third love bite, Sherlock was leaving near his erogenous zone, John moaned out. It finally brought him out of the daze and whatever world he was stuck in.
“It’s Sherlock and John, You left your card at our daughter’s funeral,” Sherlock said suddenly angrily when he saw John swallow and tried to speak.
"Sherlock, can you please eat something without me telling you or in front of her? Once we kick this habit you can do whatever again. But she needs her nutrients. I swear she's becoming you more and more as each day passes by." John huffed at the end, going through the fridge to see no food.
John crouched down to straighten out her wings and her headband. He grinned at her outfit.
John turned his head facing the ceiling and his eyes began to blur. It wasn’t a normal day. Everything was different. A whole being was gone, pulled away from him. Never to hear a noise from his precious daughter again. John lifted his arm and he just looked at his hand. He stared at his hand, flexing his fingers, and then clenching them into a fist.
Upon receiving his coffees and small chocolate milk, John went over to an aisle where there were sugars and creams. He felt Rosie tugging on his trousers while adding more sugar to Sherlock’s.
John clenched his hands, lifting one toward his mouth and biting on his finger, hand still clenched. Oh, how John felt rage and sadness bursting out of him. He wanted to throw the chairs around. He wanted to do anything to bring his daughter back. To have her breathing, but that wasn’t going to happen and that quickly brought the anger back.
He felt useless, utterly useless, and felt that this feeling was there to stay.
Squeezing back was all he could do. He didn’t trust himself to speak, but he wanted Sherlock to explain himself. He closed his eyes and breathed in once again. Letting the tears cascade down when he opened his mouth and exhaled.
"He said we can scare you today," Rosie said, trying to sit more comfortably between them.
Sherlock was gone all day. Molly had promised the other day that she had some bodies that could be used for experiments this day if he wasn’t busy. Sherlock was going to pass but John knew that he was getting antsy for staying in the flat for far too long and being cooped up. So he told him to go and that he’ll be fine staying in by himself. That perhaps he’ll clean a little bit, and that’s what he did.
“Yes, but you can do that in bed.” He sighed while turning into their room.
He then starts to tune in when she begins to remind them that it's almost her birthday. He smiles slightly shaking his head on finally focusing again and hearing his husband and his precious daughter arguing now.
John went and fetched Rosie's trainers as Rosie herself sat on the couch, with her feet dangling off. She pointed up at her light-up trainers and he obliged. Right as he put them on she jumped off the couch and headed towards the door. John grabbed his wallet that he left on the kitchen and kissed Sherlock's cheek saying he'll be going.
Turning around, Sherlock searched for his eyes immediately. When their eyes met, John felt like he was looking into his torn-up soul. He looked just as devastated as him and maybe, John thought, that maybe that’s what he looked like at the moment or when others are visiting.
He turned to see the paramedics running out the vehicle and towards them. He sighed in relief that they were finally here. In a second the relief was gone and the worry and panic came crashing down on John once again.
Sherlock may not agree with what was happening but he’d support John in whatever he wanted. And if he wanted to contact some lunatic then why the hell should he deny it. There was a spark in his eyes again. He will do anything to keep it there.
“Please. Please help me forget right now. I feel lost and I feel like I'm slipping deeper. God Sherlock I-- I didn’t-- I don’t want to feel like this again. ” John whimpered, emphasizing on the don’t.
Turning around and holding out his hand to help John get up, and slowly, he rose. John grabbed the towel and wrapped it around himself instead of efficiently drying himself. Thanks to the alcohol he didn’t feel cold at all. They walked silently into their bedroom.
"Bees are better than ladybugs!" Shouted out Sherlock, snickering because he heard Rosie gasp. John just rolled his eyes, not wanting to hear this argument again. Although it was adorable seeing Rosie trying to stand her ground and bicker back at Sherlock. Only the braves were ever to do that and Rosie was one of them.
John heard Sherlock sit right behind him. He felt his legs spread and go on both sides of him. Sherlock leaned forward and wrapped his arms around John’s torso. He put his forehead between his shoulder blades and let out a sigh.
He's been telling her that she has to tell them when she's hungry and can't ignore her hunger in favor of doing something else. That she was a growing child and needed to eat. That even if Sherlock does it, doesn't mean that she should.
John, in the end, stopped caring for it.
If he wasn’t on his one seat couch drinking to oblivion. Then the next thing he did was lay in their bed and covered his head with a pillow hoping it’ll block out the outer world. Sherlock preferred when he was in the living room because then he could convince John to take a bite of food at least.
"In Rosie's defense, I wanted her to actually scare you awake but she said no. So technically she didn't betray you entirely."
To John, having the funeral service felt like the actual ending of ever seeing Rosie. A small part of him thought that if he didn’t go through with the funeral that Rosie would somehow be right next to him in a split of a second. That’s how it felt like when he was way into his fifth bottle early in the morning. He’d close his eyes, whether on his chair in the living room or in his bed lying with Sherlock. John can imagine, almost
John didn’t eat much. Sherlock forced him to at least eat something which felt odd for both of them. When usually it was John reminding and sometimes forcing Sherlock to eat daily. Nothing was worth eating any longer. Everything felt so wrong to do. John missed Rosie and felt like a piece of his heart went missing.
Rosie’s small hands touch his own. Which causes his breath to hitch and tears to continue to fall.
There was nothing he should worry about anyway. Just a crazy person probably trying to stir trouble. The trouble that wasn’t worth dealing with in the foreseeable future.
They kissed slowly and happily. It felt like time stood still. He can stay like this for the rest of the day and he wouldn't mind at all, hell even forever. Of course, though, he has responsibilities that needed to be done today.
Leaning back, Sherlock grabbed the shampoo and uncapped it, pouring some into his hand. After putting the shampoo back with one hand he went for John’s head. He began lathering John’s hair with the smelling shampoo.
a spot in the living room, John poured a finger of vodka in his chamomile tea. He sat there and once again thought about what will be happening.
When the first finger entered John, his mind went blank. He closed his eyes and only focused on what was happening to his body. He didn’t do this often so having anything in him made him immediately feel full. Soon after another finger was in him, stretching and preparing him for his husband’s cock. He didn’t notice at first him asking for more. To go fast and rough, yet he didn’t regret not voicing what he wanted.
You didn’t want to leave, especially not going back to our flat at first but one of the nurses who gathered around for your fiasco mentioned that Rosie… That our lovebug wasn’t in the room any longer. It clicked in your brain and you just stopped doing anything. You were in shock by then. We made it back to the flat eventually. And I made you drink warm tea before we just went to bed and slept.”
Minutes passed by with them holding onto each other and snogging like hell. Sherlock reached out again for the lube that laid beside him before pulling entirely back from John once again.
Slowly they moved from point a to point b, from the closet to their bed. John’s knees buckled when he hit the bed and Sherlock grabbed onto him. Letting him fall backward slowly letting him settle and then him slowly climbing on top of him.
He turned to his side and faced Sherlock. His dark brown-haired man did the same. They were close enough that John could feel his breath ghosts over his face, while he assumed he did the same to him. Their breath merged and it felt like everything around them disappeared. It was gone. Nothing could come over them. Except it did.
John didn’t know what to do. He turned his body laying on his back once again and stared at the ceiling. He didn't know if he was going to survive this. He will try but John honestly thought that this was it. That a black hole will somehow come to him where he can slip into oblivion and die right then and there.
I took a deep breath and stepped back. Now was not the time, but it was a comfort to know my desire for him was as strong as it ever was.
"Nowhere near that."
“Bruichladdich?” Mycroft asked.
“You would have destroyed me.” Sherlock said softly.
“Ahem... not exactly...”
Moran took a deep breath, obviously enjoying the attention. Then he grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders and kissed him – it was long and deep and a bit messy. The longer it went on, the more Shane was convinced that Sherlock was faking it. Could Moran tell? He worried for Sherlock, what a bloody awful position to be in. When Moran finally pulled away, Sherlock nipped his cheek. Moran gasped – Shane couldn’t tell if it was from surprise or pleasure.
Lestrade smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling with pleasure. “My brilliant soulmate.” He said and kissed Mycroft again. “It’s not right, is it, to be so happy… with everything that’s going on.”
I looked up at him. He looked tired.
I LISTENED to him – I didn’t simply observe and deduce as I did with other people. When had I started listening to John? It was that first night, even before he killed to save my life, when Lestrade was leading a drugs raid in our flat... I admitted to John that I used (the look on his face!), and when I didn’t understand why the dead woman would be upset about a child lost seven years earlier... John didn’t judge me. He didn’t dismiss me or mock me. He helped me. He’s never stopped helping me.
"Do you know how EASY it is to get heroin in London? Or here, for that matter - I could score on the way to the train station..."
“Oh, no. We were flatmates, best friends, but that’s all.” John frowned. “ No, it was more – we were… family.”
He was halfway through when Shane came in.
“I didn’t kill Jim.” I told her.
“Has she texted you at all since you left London?”
“I’ll see about getting time on the TEEM.” Dr. Mahon said, rejoining them. She looked concerned and Virginia picked it up immediately, through their link, clutching her daughter more tightly to her side. “As soon as possible.”
That afternoon Sherlock knew John had physical therapy. His therapist, Antoinette, had instructed him how to care for his stump, how to clean and bandage it. How to reduce swelling. During the appointment, she would massage his arm and shoulder first, then put him through strengthening exercises for his left arm – couldn’t let it atrophy. She always wanted to know about his pain and tried to help him manage it.
“The next time you need to hide out and bond with a random Alpha.”
"Where are you...?"
John looked up, mildly surprised. “Do I even qualify?”
Sherlock was already standing. "It's ok, I'll clean it..."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You need to resolve them."
I plucked the empty pudding bowl and fork from his hand and dropped a kiss on his brow. “Relax, Sherlock. Trust yourself. Trust ME.”
"Catch a cab." I said. "You seemed like you'd be occupied with Officer Vaachaspati for the night." I was surprised to hear myself saying it, but gratified by the startled blush on Sherlock's cheeks. He looked decidedly guilty. I started walking again.
“He’s suffering from nothing but a bit of shock – he shot Moran at close range.” Sherlock frowned. “I thought he’d be here – we came directly to hospital together.”
The second the door shut, John was in my arms. He was warm and solid and wonderful and I wanted nothing but to live in his embrace forever.
"I never thought I'd be with a man." John murmured. "I'm not sure how you changed my mind, but I had no idea what I was missing."
Lestrade snarled back. Bill got in the door person’s personal space. “Where are they?” He demanded. “Where’s the Suzies?”
?” Sherlock snapped.
I tried to stifle a sob. “I will, John. As soon as I can.”
“You said John was hurt?” Lestrade’s hand patted at him, grasped his leg and clung. “Is he ok?”
Victor turned himself over to the coppers quietly.
"They were going at him again. I didn't LIKE him with Vic, but it was a done deal, far as I was concerned. G and Selwyn, though... they wouldn't let it be. Kept trying to wear him down, get him to send Vic away. Only drove him away from them. He couldn't stand to be in a room with either of 'em unless Ani was there too.
Mycroft gave me his ‘don’t be so stupid’ look. “It’s delicate. I don’t want to start a war...”
"No, John made me promise. My place isn't far, come with me. I'm sure I have something that would fit you."
“Dr. Watson had a rough time in recovery.” The nurse supplied. “He’s probably not feeling too hot right now.” She set a bottle of ginger ale and a glass on the rolling table within John’s reach. “Do you want me to pour? No? Try to sleep.” She said and left.
"I need to talk to Gereth." Anwen said, slowing us.
Others showed interior rooms – a bedroom, a kitchen, several nondescript rooms remarkable only for their plainness among the other sumptuous chambers, a long hallway that had to be the tunnel to the parking garage, other less distinctive passageways. Another showed a dungeon. Sherlock recognized the furniture used in recreational sex torture, a cross with built in shackles, a bench with straps and an attached fucking machine, a hip-height platform whose built in restraints looked positively gynecological, a sling hanging from the ceiling. There were a variety of whips and crops mounted on the wall and an impressive collection of dildos of various sizes near a cabinet that presumably held other paraphernalia.
“No. That was one of his minions. There’s lots of ‘em.”
I kissed him, softly, sweetly. He moaned, his need radiating, filling the room. Filling me.
"You didn't." John replied. "Thanks for talking to Mike."
Lestrade sighed. “That I could have brought more. Sally, my Sergeant… Phillips and Sanjit… Gregson… none of them made it… oh God, I’m glad me mum didn’t live to see this!”
“No.”
As he sipped, John gently wiped his face with a damp cloth.
Omega biology – the body craves what it’s poorly adapted to do. We should leave procreation to the Betas, Lestrade, they’re better at it. In a thousand years, there won’t be any Omegas and what Alphas are left will be throwbacks – just smelly, aggressive Betas searching for a connection they’ll never find.”
That’s what Sherlock was afraid of. Bonding with Jim would be like sinking into black tar. Jim wanted to break him,
They were tired. John needed to stop being a complete mess and pull himself together, but it was hard for him and Sherlock knew. He knew and he would be here for him, as his rock and anything else he needed.
Sherlock went to his closet to put on his ratty old pajamas and his robe. John just turned to look at him.
Rosie spun around, trying to show off her outfit. "I spilled water all over my clothes. So I went to my room to go, change dad!" Rosie threw her hands up into the air and did another twirl.
Quickly as the word kid went through John’s mind he made a hitching noise. His throat and nose felt clogged up. Rosie, John though. His baby Rosie.
This charge that was happening between them wasn’t romantic. It wasn’t electrifying good, it was the opposite. To John, it felt like two people were filled with anguish, sorrow, and heartbreak. It felt wrong to lay in bed, yet there was nowhere else he wanted to go, besides being with his love bug wherever her soul was.
To their surprise, he seemed like he was fairing very well this day. His eye bags had darkened and deepened which made them more noticeable. Eyes were brimmed with tears and red. But other than that, they were proud of him and told him so.
He would, no he
Quickly shoving the card into his suit pocket, Sherlock's frown that was set on his face throughout the day deepened. Realizing that he was probably worrying about nothing too important. He decided to lay it at rest for now and to go back to his horrid brother and Greg.
"Take us to her," Sherlock said swallowing the empty air down his throat. He rubbed his face in his robe, trying his hardest to blink his tears away. He stood and John followed suit.
He couldn’t help but at that moment felt like he was back in Afghanistan fighting for his mates and his lives. To be dragging them away, with limbs missing and blood everywhere. To when he got shot and thought he wouldn’t last any minute longer. He especially felt like he couldn’t last any minute longer just staring at them and his daughter lying helplessly in these paramedics' hands to keep her steady until they gave her over to the doctors.
John noticed that Sherlock's cheeks were flushed and his Adam's apple was bobbing up and down.
After the few essentials were in the basket they went into the checkout and bagged everything up.
“As you said dear brother, ‘right now’. Lestrade and I are in for the long haul and will watch over you two after time has passed.” Mycroft said, choosing to ignore Gregory’s scoffing.
John moved up to her and lunged at her small body. He leaned over it and cried profusely. She was dead and there was nothing that he could do. Nothing at all. He didn’t feel any pulse and the tint to her pale face was fading. She was begging to feel all cold as well. John wished hugging her and transferring his heat to her would revive her, but it did nothing.
John rubbed at his face not trying to break down again. A mantra kept coming into his head. Yelling at himself that his daughter, Rosamund Holmes-Watson wasn't dead.
Sherlock smiled through the kiss knowing what he was thinking about. He then curled into John and nuzzled into his neck. Pulling the covers up closer to their chins. The warmth they created engulfing them two wonderfully. John groaned, knowing what tricks Sherlock was playing at.
Rosie didn’t want to stay inside any longer, or at least not in the shop. She wanted to be outside or with her other dad upstairs and finish the fight about ladybugs being the best compared to bees. Noticing her dad jiggling the bags into one hand Rosie slipped outside and followed the butterflies that she saw passing by the window. When all of a sudden she was standing in the middle of the road and a car was coming right at her when she finally looked down.
John rolled his eyes and then had an idea. He puts the empty box on the table and leans fully into Sherlock. He hooks his arms around his neck and pulls him down. His mouth pressing closely into his ear. Seductively he speaks. "Hmm, that's a shame. I was thinking about what you said earlier and I was going to lock our door tonight. But I guess we don't need to since I'll be doing a lot of cleaning tonight. Oh well, what can we do?"
I turned to go, desperately needing to get away, but Mycroft tutted. “Forgetting something?” He held out the annuity documents.
"Seems like yours works just fine." John murmured, grinding his hip against Sherlock's semi hard member.
Sherlock sat next to John on the couch. Now he would find out why he was here.
Sherlock started to giggle drunkenly and Lestrade poked him. “Shut it, Jimmy.” He said but giggled along.
"Hey... are you all right?"
“Why are we doing this?!” Shane whispered in Sherlock’s ear. “Why are we walking placidly to our deaths?!”
His back was something else entirely.
Shane was crouching behind a closet door – between the open door and the wall. He could see out – which meant that he must be visible to anyone glancing his way. His hiding place wasn’t supposed to be hard to find.
I sighed. Sherlock was due to begin detoxing in earnest today. Mycroft had told me that he was arranging for rehab when Sherlock was well enough, but the first stages would happen here.
SHERLOCK
"He thinks he's losing you." Sherlock deduced. "Is he?" He asked John, his slow and looping thoughts recognizing that was significant, but not quite landing on why.
“Turn over!” John growled, pulling out with a wet smack. “Over!”
I recognized the rhyming slang for ‘army’ – daft and barmy, shortened to ‘daft.’ “Oh? Where were you stationed?” I asked politely as he took my coat. He didn’t blink at my jumper and jeans, but his eyes slid over me voraciously. Mary wore a black cocktail dress under her red coat.
"It's fine."
Lestrade sighed, got a glove from a tech and gave it to Sherlock who snapped it on. With his gloved hand, Sherlock opened her mouth. “Some dentistry but no orthodontia.” He remarked. He pulled up an eyelid and peered at her eyes one at a time. “No petechiae… distinct chafing on her neck and… under her arms… here by her shoulder...”
“Tell me.” I said when he released me.
“And the bitter scent.” Lestrade said. “Did you ever work out what that was?”
There was more, an uncomfortable sensation in his hair and on his face. The Alpha was touching John’s mate! John snarled and thrashed in frustration.
“He was mine.” Church said simply.
John had thought about it for a few seconds. "I admit, not having that weight on my shoulders would be... a relief. I don't know how I'd tell Sherlock, though. It's not a conversation I ever imagined."
“Bloody hell.” Lestrade mumbled.
“I need to examine you, Mr. Holmes. You’re sick, you’ve been beaten...”
“That was supposed to be you. You were the one who was supposed to kill himself.”
Sherlock grasped at my shirt. "No! That was nothing!" He was weeping again.
The passage wended its way between the walls of the old mansion to a stairwell. Sherlock followed Moran down. It took them to a small room with five doors. One was for the stair they had just descended, one Sherlock recognized as the elevator in which he'd been brought into the house - which meant the door opposite was the tunnel to the parking garage. That left two doors. Moran pulled out a key and unlocked one of them and held it open for Sherlock.
"Home." John found his strength and opened the door. Someone was watching him. He forced himself not to look around, not to search for the man. He walked the ten steps from Speedy's to his front door and went in.
"I can do it myself!" John snapped crossly.
He came to – it must have been only moments later. Moran still leaned over him, but he could breathe freely. Sherlock lifted a hand to Moran’s face and touched his cheek. He let his fingers travel to Moran’s hair and pulled his face close. Sherlock kissed him.
John jogged confidently through turning after turning, looking back for us before disappearing around each one. I wondered if he was just getting us lost. The last thing we wanted was to be trapped in a dead end with a gunman behind us.
