“I know.”
The brunet scoffed, swung an arm over his eyes. His shirt sleeve ended up wiping the left over mess on his face, but that didn’t matter. He’d already practically sweat through the garment, and something told him he wouldn’t be needing it very soon.
Steve dropped Tony’s hand, and a familiar flash of irritation settled in the blue of his eyes. He pulled back a little, but Tony followed, got up on his knees so he could chase Steve, locked his arms around his neck.
“Peter,” he said. “He-he’s Peter.”
“My knight in shining armor,” Tony sighed wistfully, and played with Steve’s hair again.
At this point it was probably more than a little uncomfortable for both of them, and Tony’s thighs burned a little from being slung wide around Steve’s legs, and his skin was burning hot. It was a hot day to begin with, and the breeze coming in from the balcony didn’t seem to do anything for them anymore.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, let out a shaky breath. “And he’ll—he’ll be okay? If we’re together?” he asked, dared to hope. There had to be a silver lining, right? A way out? A way to cut the wire? There had to be a chance, somehow, that his baby could be healthy, and happy, right?
“Great,” Steve replied. “Then get your beautiful self off of this couch so we can get to it.” He smiled.
“You think you can fill this mouth up?” Tony asked, as if he hadn’t in the past. Even in the 9
The streets were empty, this late at night. It had rained earlier, and the streetlamps were reflected in the puddles on the asphalt, on the sidewalks, and the air smelled damp and strange. The wind was a little harsh; it was the end of September after all, so Tony stayed tucked into the phone booth as well as he could.
The relief was clear in his voice, and although he knew Steve was coming, because Steve wasn’t a liar, wouldn’t have tricked him or left him there, it still made his heart flutter, seemed unbelievable that he was standing here in the middle of the night just for Tony.
That wasn’t to say there weren’t any threats at all these days, and once in a while a mission did still spring up even though he and Steve were technically retired, but most of the heavy lifting was left to the rest of the team.
How was he supposed to get Steve here, when he couldn’t even talk to him? When he didn’t even know where he was? How was he supposed to bring him here when he was a wanted criminal? How were they supposed to repair their relationship, make everything better when he still felt so much hatred, so much disappointment, especially now, knowing that this was really
forgive him all at once.”
Either way, he was glad to be on vacation, at least for a few more days.
Steve gave him a little time to adjust, bent low over him and let out a possessive little rumble against his ear.
“Yes,” Tony sighed out automatically. He wanted to be good, wanted to be good for Steve, to earn some of the praise the blond so thoughtfully gave him.
for it, that I’ll let you win and you can finally,
God, they were just so perfect. Peter had grown, naturally, over the last few months, but he still looked so small in Steve’s arms, and horribly adorable, with big rosy cheeks and dark curls not unlike Tony’s. Steve was as handsome as ever of course, even with sleep circles under his eyes, and made a particularly handsome father, Tony thought. Despite all the pain and anger of the past, that sometimes came surging back up, Tony was proud to be Steve’s mate, and was proud to have a child with him. He was proud of what they had together.
Peter laughed a little, waved one hand furiously at the camera, the other tightened in a little fist. ”Cheese!” he said.
Steve hesitated just a moment, and curled his arm around Tony’s back, held him close, like he’d wanted to for so long. He took a second to settle, and then looked down, at the little bundle in Tony’s arms, and he finally got a proper look at his son.
“I love you too,” Tony whispered, and let out a yawn. He smirked to himself, though, and let his declaration linger in the air a few seconds before swinging the hammer, so to speak. “Though I’d love you even more if you put away the groceries I may or may not have left in the kitchen.”
Steve cut him off by spreading his cheeks once more, spearing his loose, wet hole with his tongue, licking and sucking with even more fervor than before, quick and merciless, an onslaught of sensation. Tony couldn’t help but whimper at it, high and sharp, because of course, it had him leaking even more slick, which the blond gladly lapped up like it belonged to him.
Steve pulled back a little so he could get a look at Tony’s face. His expression made the blond’s heart clench. He’d only really seen Tony like this a handful of times (because Tony was too good at hiding his pain), and it always left him feeling unsettled, twisted and angry. It made him feel helpless, like a failure, because he couldn’t take away Tony’s pain, couldn’t prevent it. He felt that way for a lot of people really, but the urge to protect, to comfort, was strongest where Tony was concerned.
Steve brought a hand up, cradled the back of Tony’s head and kissed back sweeter, slower, trying to convey his apology.
Tony looked exhausted, small, and somewhat delicate. He still managed to look beautiful though, with the bags under his eyes and the red spots on his cheeks from crying. Steve noticed how he had wrapped himself in his jacket, tried not to get excited about it, about what it meant, like every little gesture, every smile and touch of Tony’s made him excited. (His treacherous heart failed him, beat so loud in his ears that he had to swallow it down.)
He couldn’t help but let out the fraction of a howl.
god…”
It was Peter’s first time in Italy too. They were more than a little protective of him, after all that had happened, so normally one parent or the other stayed home with him in the event of necessary travel, but he was two now, and eager to learn and see new things, and so they thought they’d give him a taste of the bigger world outside of New York and California.
“Let me kiss you,” Steve said.
“Honey, sweetheart, come, come on, I—a little more—“
“So?” Tony asked, watching him intently. “Are you happy?”
Steve searched his face, saw the discomfort in his eyes, and it made his heart squeeze. He withdrew his hands immediately, felt kind of embarrassed, stupid, for not having better control of himself. God, they’d just confessed their feelings minutes ago, and Tony had a hell of an unpleasant experience a few
“You’re absolutely right though. I didn’t want to go in the first place, dad forced me. All I wanted to do was stay home, work on the upgrades to DUM-E’s circuit board, but I got outvoted. I didn’t want to go, but now I’m glad I did.”
Tony buried his face in the crook of Steve’s neck, closed his eyes. “Not your fault,” he replied.
“I wanted to,” Tony replied with a shrug. His leg was fidgeting under the table and he hoped it wasn’t noticeable. He’d regained control of his face, but still heard that little voice in the back of his mind, feeding him little lies. Tony swallowed some champagne to drown it out.
[Being sorry isn’t worth shit now bc you’re not here!!!]
He let his words drift off, pulled his hands down Steve’s back instead, his fingertips pressing light scratches into the blond’s skin in a way that was entirely suggestive. He wouldn’t let an opportunity like this go to waste.
“Understood,” Steve replied, and nodded a little.
He paused, took a breath. “There’s…there’s an increased chance for infant mortality, unless things get better. We’re keeping him as close to you as possible; the more love and attention you can give, the better it will be for him, but…Quite frankly, we’re concerned it won’t be enough.”
Just hearing his voice was a supreme relief.
the silent treatment now, but I-I’m…I’m getting a little nervous here…”
Still, he couldn’t fall to it so early, needed a lot more coaxing before he was willing to agree with the compliments.
Tony laughed at that, hid his face against Steve’s shoulder. “If you had said it like that, I would’ve passed out laughing,” he replied.
What had they spent the last few months on the run for? Their pride, and nothing more? Had they made a true, irreparable mistake, with no way to repent? Had they made things worse, for everyone, for
“Not everyone is a city boy like you and me,” Steve replied, a little amused.
What were the fucking names? He had a handful of them, he was sure, had thought about them long and hard over the last few months. Why couldn’t he recall any of them right now, when it actually mattered?
“You’re damn gorgeous, you know that?” Steve said.
The brunet’s fingers tightened around the sheets, and he let out a harsh breath, squeezed his eyes shut. His legs were trembling from the exertion already, and he was just about ready to shoot off, to cum all over the bed again. He’d already cum twice since they started.
“What kind of Captain America would I be if I drove a European car?” Steve replied, though it was just a joke.
Ugh. Steve hated how confident Tony was right now, how easily he was grinding Steve’s gears. He hated it because he
Steve loved it.
He did it so tenderly that Tony’s heart skipped a beat. Fine. He could play dirty too. “If I’m a brat, then what does that say about you? What would everyone say if they knew that goody-two-shoes Captain America likes to fuck bratty little rich boys? What’s if they knew that he liked sticking his cock down his friend’s son’s throat?”
“Are you kidding me? You just fucked my brains out. It’s
Steve let out a little huff of laughter. It shook his chest, and Tony with it. “I said ‘Are you okay’?”
was practically sleeping sitting up.” He nodded at the baby sleeping soundly on him.
The hellish grocery store trip was all but forgotten.
“Stay,” Tony said after a second or so. “Stay right here, and don’t you ever fucking leave.”
“Shit,” he sighed, put a hand on his hip. He really didn’t want to pull a back muscle straining for apples either.
Ugh, it just hurt. The steady, painful pulse made it difficult to even sit up, and didn’t abate when he was laying down. It made him want to tear his eye out, or to beat some sense into his head, made him wish he could knock himself out so he wouldn’t have to suffer through the sensation.
Steve shook his head. “Tony is…he’ll hate me forever,” he said, eyes turned to the floor.
Steve laughed a little, and pulled her higher up on his chest, crooked a finger around the waistline of her panties. “Sweetheart, you know I could do this
Nothing.
When it got too hard to focus on his book anymore, Tony thought of other ways to occupy his time: namely messing with Steve.
Tony thought he was going to die if they didn’t get to it in the next half minute. Steve looked so gorgeous, standing tall and naked, his bangs hanging in his face, his massive cock standing at attention. His mouth practically watered as his boyfriend climbed onto the bed again, fit himself in between Tony’s legs. His big hands settled on the underside of Tony’s thighs, pulled him closer so his legs were splayed on either side of Steve’s waist. His touch was gentle but firm, grounding, and suddenly, Tony got emotional again.
Tony’s heart fluttered at that, and he squirmed a little on the bed. “Right now I’d settle for your cock,” he joked, but it was only to cover his ass, to hide just how much Steve’s words affected him, how much he loved them.
“’M a good boy? Really?” Tony moaned, with just a breath of laughter, like he couldn’t quite believe it, like he thought Steve was joking. His fingers scratched into Steve’s shoulders, but then his hands fell back on the bed, like it took too much effort to keep them up anymore. He was close, he could feel himself rising up that peak, Steve’s voice, his words leading him there, making him feel good all around.
Tony leaned on the doorframe to the kitchen, rubbed his belly. “Smells good,” he announced, hoping to ease into a conversation.
“I’m sorry you’re feeling that way,” Rhodey replied after a second of thinking it all over. “I really am. I know none of this has been easy on you. Sometimes I don’t know how you do it all. I don’t think I could. I just…I wanted to do what’s best for you, Tones. That’s all I ever want to do. I know it seems unfair, and maybe I should’ve given you more time, let you warm up to the idea once and for all. I just…I was scared for you, and I still am. I don’t want anything to happen to you, or the baby.”
Steve’s heart jolted, like he’d been struck by lightning. “W-what?” he replied, voice strained, somewhat shrill. The room felt a thousand degrees hotter.
“I…I think I’m gonna call him soon,” he said. He didn’t have to elaborate.
daddy was, but he pushed those thoughts away, focused on his beautiful boyfriend, moaning and eager in his grasp, seconds away from falling apart.
“But,”
After putting on a little cologne, he reached in his shirt drawer, slipped his hand under the pile of shirts in the left hand corner, picked up the little jewelry box he’d stashed there a few weeks ago. He debated giving Tony his present now, but thought it’d be better to wait until after dinner.
In hindsight, he should’ve given up partying all together. Parties never seemed to turn out well for him. It was at a party that he’d met his first boyfriend, at MIT too. That had turned out to be an unpleasant nightmare, which he was lucky enough to be rescued from by Rhodey.
Tony didn’t want to take that for an answer. He knit his brows together, sat up. “Please? Come on, Steve. I was just having some fun.”
Steve’s heart jumped in his chest. Tony was so close now, almost in his arms again, and his beautiful eyes were filled with such hope, such earnest emotion. The sight would be enough to bring anyone to their knees.
“Rude,” Tony muttered. “I picked these chairs.”
was, and not many people did. Hell, that was part of why Steve had fallen for him so quick. Tony had a way of reading people, even if he was a little oblivious to their intentions.
Tony made a show of rolling his eyes, sighed dramatically, but followed Steve through the crowd and up the stairs. Steve was simmering, Tony knew, by the clench in his jaw. He was walking pretty fast too; Tony had to put in effort to keep up with his large strides. The hand around his wrist was tight, but not uncomfortable. Steve would never hurt Tony, no matter how irritated he was. Tony loved that. He loved that Steve knew his limits. He also was pretty sure Steve loved when he misbehaved, or else why would he stick around?
feel haunted. He wasn’t sure either of them could ever truly leave behind those ghosts. The knowledge was always there, in the background. No matter how comfortable they got or how much time had passed, the memory was there, and so was the fear of a repeat. He wasn’t sure they could get over that feeling. They had to try though, right?
“Yeah, well. Count it as my community service for the year.” He finally sets everything to sleep mode and scheduled some modules to run while he’s gone. “Are you ready, or do you want to stay and chat in my lab all day? I can leave you alone with Jarvis, if you want to spend more quality time together.”
Yinsen gives him a fondly exasperated look and begins to explain: “As you know, the biggest  flaw in your father’s design for you is the reliance on zydrate as primary fuel.”
“Hell, Buck. Who do you think I am?” Steve’s heart drops into his stomach. “I wouldn’t say anything, you know that. You
Comments and kudos are appreciated <3
“You didn’t pay with money and you know it. You sold your body, though I don’t know why anyone wanted that mangy old thing.” It almost doesn’t hurt to joke about, after more than a decade. The affection in Bucky’s eyes and his easy grin go a long way to easing the dull pang in his chest.
to me now.”
Steve’s reluctance to talk about his past, the cushy secretary job that Steve always seemed embarrassed and hesitant to say much about, how Steve was always around, like he never seemed to leave the building. It all makes a disturbing amount of sense.
“You know if we have to consult anyone it’s going to add at least another two months before we have anything remotely workable, even in a test group.” Pepper is so experienced at cutting through his bullshit, it isn’t even fun anymore. Tony sighs his most put-upon sigh, but she doesn’t even flinch. Shit. This is serious.
“Actually, sir, about the goats – “
Especially once Captain America comes back, Thor arrives, and the Avengers band together, Pepper can’t understand why he can’t let someone else step in. She asks him, begs him even, to take a backseat. Give Rhodey a suit, or give SHIELD Iron Man. He tries to explain that he can’t give up the suit, it’s a part of him as much as the reactor is. That he can’t give Rhodey a suit, not because he doesn’t trust him with it, but because he doesn’t trust the Army to use him as a weapon, not a hero.
“No, stop, it’s- it’s amazing. Tony, God, thank you. Thank you so much.” Steve strode towards him and kissed him sweetly, holding his face between his big hands. Tony grasped at his shirt with one hand, steadying himself against the couch with the other.
By this point, Steve has turned fully to face him, a look of slight confusion and wonder on his face, “A memorial scholarship?”
And that, Dear Reader, is how the Stark Industries reign of terror comes to an understated end. The lost heir emerges from the shadows and becomes the leader the industry had been missing.
And if you can’t afford the steep price that comes attached to synthetic salvation there’s no need to fret, for Stark Industries provides quite reasonable payment plans for the privilege of providing you with the enhancements you need, and some you don’t. Just sign on the dotted line, Reader, and hope that you can make your payments on time.
“Okay, no. Absolutely not.” Tony sits up fully and turns to face Steve. “We’re gonna stop that train of thought right there.”
Steve turns and squints at him in confusion, “What are you talking about? What scholarship?”
“Hey, uh. Did we miss the party?” Tony stands up straighter when everyone turns to look at him. “I’ve gotta say, for a bunch of assassins, you’ve managed to kill exactly no people. It doesn’t say much for your productivity.”
“Don’t be a dick, Barnes, get everyone one while you’re at it.” Clint finishes his own bottle and sets it next to Natasha’s. “I don’t have to be back at that hellhole for another nine hours, and I plan on being drunk for at least four of them.”
“I don’t think medical attention will be necessary.” Obiadiah’s eyes are cold, the arm that holds the gun currently pointed at Yinsen absolutely steady. He looks like something out of Tony’s nightmares.
“What kind of–“ Tony breaks off to gasp as Steve nips at his collarbone where his shirt has become mysteriously unbuttoned. “What kind of bad thoughts?”
Which is when Tony falls over the back of the couch.
“Don’t get me wrong, I am going to need a lot of therapy to get over the image of you in your leather get up in Yinsen’s lab.” Tony swallows and the light in his eyes dims a little. “But if you had known what he was to me, would you have taken the job?”
I would have still looked twice at you. Because you still would have that smile. And those eyes. And all – you.” The spell breaks again, and Tony looks away, the tips of his ears turning pink. “If we’d met before all that, I’d still have noticed you.”
“Yes, but you’re not allowed to be a pig about it.” She lifts her head and sends Steve a thin smile. “Ignore him, Pepper is lovely. How was your night, Steve?”
It starts turning into something bigger once they start being in each other’s spaces more.
“He was a good man.” Natasha’s face is more stoic than usual. “He cared about helping, about healing where he could, and I enjoyed working with him. One of the best people here.”
“What? Why?” Steve frowns, scrolling to the bottom of the document, and just stares. There’s a spiky, scrawled signature, barely recognizable as a name, but it’s the printed identifier below that catches his attention.
Steve hums, and Tony can feel it vibrating his chest, making him wiggle.
He waves at Darcy behind the bar, taking his favorite seat at the back corner, where he can see everything fairly comfortably. Darcy knows him well enough to have his dressed-up seltzer water ready, which would be sad except, well. Tony hasn’t left the tower in years, his measure for what’s sad and pathetic is kind of off.
Steve shifts, trying to get comfortable enough to ignore the itch between his shoulder blades. He hates going out unarmed. Although, with the four of them together, they’re never really unarmed. “How did you hear about this place? They don’t seem friendly to strangers, the doorman looked like he wanted to eat us.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you too, Tony.” He bites his lip and takes just a little leap. “Maybe I’ll see you here again? Sometime soon?”
“As you wish, sir.”
“It’s not my fault everyone wants a piece of this.” He claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder and steers him away from the sink, the beds, the sweet call of sleep. “Come on, Tasha will have my balls if we make her wait.”
“Nothing.” Steve shrugs, and his smile turns into more of a smirk. “Just nice you have someone to talk to when you’re shut up here all alone.”
“I wish you had too, that would have made for a hell of a –
He…he was there. He
She relaxes her posture a little as she sighs, faux-serious expression giving way to one of – pity? Oh, fuck no, absolutely not. “Oh, Tony. You know you can’t – “
“Tony, what–“ Oh he’s going to pay for this later, he already knows.
Steve’s throat works as he swallows, but he nods in the end. “Ready?”
“Hm?” Steve tears his gaze from the guy’s mouth.
“Nothing, absolutely nothing, the crisis has passed. You don’t need to worry about me. But, uh, if you happened to, I don’t know, come across me, say, in a bar, would you say I looked good?” He is the epitome of casualness, no one has ever been more casual than him in this moment, even when he realizes he forgot to put a shirt on for her to judge. He pokes at a model trachea someone (DUM-E) left on the table. It’s fine, but there needs to be more support for the voice box.
It’s Iron Man she can’t accept.
“Hey, so I took care of the thing you wanted. The scholarship thingie.”
“It’s gonna be okay, you’re gonna be fine.” Who exactly Tony is trying to reassure at this point is uncertain, the adrenaline is starting to wear off and he can see his hands shaking where he’s cleaning Yinsen’s cut.
Steve snorts. “Didn’t even realize you knew what the sun was, being shut up in your workshop so much.”
“Yes,” Natasha interrupts, and all eyes turn to her. She’s using the tone of voice that means she has a plan of some kind, and she’s focused on the crowd near the bar, with a sly smile on her lips. “We should get another round.”
Natasha watches him leave, cold dread settling into her veins. “We should have told him.”
“Mhm. Sounds exactly like what a model who is undercover as an administrative assistant would say.” Tony steps out without looking backwards at him to enter the small park. Housed on a less well-known roof, the park is often deserted, but he always has Jarvis check for him before sneaking away to enjoy some much-needed sunshine, while still staying on company property. It’s not much to look at, just a couple of benches and a nice square of grass, but it’s better than nothing.
Skinny, brave little Peter Parker pipes up again. “Uh, how can you be so sure?”
In a stunning show of mirth, Natasha’s mouth quirks up in a half a smile.
Phil nods. “You can do anything you want. Stark Industries has effectively relinquished any claim they may have over you, for employment or otherwise.”
Unless, of course, you have been lucky enough to receive an Integrative Resilient Organ Neosupport transplant, called I.R.O.N. for short. These synthetic organs, created in 2101 by Howard Stark of Stark Industries and improved by his son Anthony, can replace any organ you possess, and often work better than the originals. They’re expensive, yes, but you get what you pay for and I.R.O.N. organs are of the highest quality. Everyone has them nowadays, Dear Reader, to improve upon the poor genetics they received naturally.
A bark of laughter makes its way out of Steve’s chest against his will. “The most fucked.”
“No, that’s okay. I think I’d rather spend my lunch break with you.” Steve knocks his ridiculously wide shoulder against Tony’s own.
He sighs heavily, “I have no fucking clue. I don’t know if he even wants to speak to me ever again, much less be anything like we were before. And – he didn’t kill Yinsen, but he didn’t have nothing to do with it either. I don’t know if I can get past that, Pep.”
Steve shakes his head again. “Don’t think I can fix this one, buddy.”
So Tony stands at the curb alone, and watches the first person who cared about him leave. (He’ll see him again, he knows. There won’t ever be another moment like that one, though, where he could have said it, and not regretted it after. He knows that too.)
Unfortunately, this is the scene upon which our story opens.
He's surreptitiously scanning the crowd, trying to see if he can spot the guy Tasha said was staring, but he can’t identify anyone watching him. He makes it to the bar and orders for them all, handing over Bucky’s card and smiling at the bartender.
Phil shakes his head. “They just sent over the specifics this evening. The bio organs are going to have an autodestruct system that allows operators to stop all function immediately from a remote location. They’ll be using satellites to make sure all customers stay in approved areas while they’re still in debt.”
) had given him only minutes before. He tries to open the section where the power source will sit, but his fine motor skills are suffering, what with the imminent organ failure that he’s currently going through. Tony’s cursing the goddamn thing when the door opens again and he freezes.
Steve’s gaze catches on the gaping hole in Tony’s chest before he drags it away to make eye contact. There’s so many emotions flying across Steve’s face, and honestly Tony doesn’t have the time or the emotional bandwidth to handle any of them right now.
“Who said anything about a relationship? He’s a guy at a bar, just go talk to him.” Clint raises an eyebrow in response to Steve’s offended look. “What’s the worst that could happen?”
“Tony, c’mon. It can’t be a surprise.” Steve feels color rising to his cheeks, something hot and cold at the same time, something like shame. “I was sick all the time as a kid, scrawny and barely able to walk down the street without keeling over. One winter, it got real bad and Bucky was so scared, he thought I was dying. He had to drag me into the hospital, and even then, there wasn’t much they could do, apparently. Double pneumonia, anemia, iron deficiency, weak eyes, weak heart, weak lungs, weak fucking
“No, Steve should go get it.”
“A truly unreasonable amount of therapy. And I know it might be a bit weird, being with your boss. Although if you think about it, this opens up some
curious about Tony?” Natasha steps forward so they’re almost toe to toe, and Steve feels the strength of her stare like a physical push. “From what you’ve said, he rarely leaves his lab, he never leaves work, you don’t know where he lives. Isn’t that a little strange to you?”
Steve blinks and looks around, coming out of a daze he only partly remembers. He’s cleaning out his locker, apparently, packing the novels and sketchbooks into a backpack. “What?”
to talk about it. I am a friend-type-person, and I have been informed that that’s something friends do for one another, listening.”
(Don’t get him wrong, sometimes he loves it. He loves that Steve cares about him enough to want everyone to know he belongs to Steve. But when he needs to charm fellow business people to ensure that his patents go through, or to make sure a deal goes the way he wants it to, he doesn’t need his hot boyfriend standing and glaring at everyone with a hand around his waist.)
“Firstly, Obadiah Stane has taken an unexpected leave of absence from his position as CEO. He left the office some time last night, and we haven’t heard from him since. Once the requisite 48 hours have passed, we will be filing a police report. We hope all is well and that he returns safely. In the meantime, I will be taking over as interim CEO.”
Steve laughs a little uncomfortably, “No, no. Just – sneaky.”
He absolutely does not scream, he lets out a suspiciously high-pitched sound of surprise, and that’s what he’ll take to his grave. He could have sworn Jarvis was putting her through on a holo-call, not bringing her directly to the shop and it was
“I’m sure it’s not nearly as bad as what they get up to when you are there.” Tony smiles again, eyes crinkling. “It was really nice talking to you, Steve.”
He doesn’t know how that sentence would have ended but it doesn’t matter because Steve is leaning in and pressing their lips together and it’s everything Tony has ever wanted. Steve kisses gently, almost hesitantly, even after Tony reciprocates enthusiastically. It makes Tony want to slow down and savor it, which is why he pulls back with a sigh.
---------
Clint inhales harshly. “Oh shit, Cap. I’m so sorry.”
Tony pauses, smiling this bitter, sad smile that just makes Steve want to hug him. “But that’s why I’m going to fix it. Because all of the things that Stark Industries has done have been wrong, and predatory,” he says, with a quick glance back at all of the former Repossessions Crew, “but desperate people can’t be blamed for the decisions they make in tragic situations. Or for what they do to keep their family together.”
“I think we’re definitely trending more toward sinkhole territory. So, let’s review.” Bucky lays down and kicks his feet up against the bed, counting on his fingers. “You found out that your boytoy isn’t a recluse by choice and has instead been legally dead for about a decade. He’s not just the head of R&D, he’s Howard’s Stark heir and lost son. He also learned that
“Yeah, you wish.” Steve laughs at the wink Bucky throws him and they walk out the door like that, shoving at each other and stepping out into the New York night.
By the time Rhodey ships off for his first tour, Tony has got his feet under him, is finishing up his degree, and is ready to get into the family business. They’re both very different from who they were when they first met, but when they shake hands before Rhodey leaves, all he can see is the scared teenager who was so alone and so frightened. Rhodey abandons the handshake and pulls Tony against him, mumbling something about taking care of himself before he hurries into the car.
whatever you need,
of his fingers.
, oh my god! Steve—”
He did his best to comfort his friend, to encourage him. Somewhere along the way Pepper determined that Rhodey might actually lose his mind if he wasn’t there when the moment finally came, so she let him stay while she made last minute preparations to the nursery, gathered some items to comfort Tony when it was all over.
,” Steve replied, mimicking his tone. “But I happen to like it, so there’s no need to get defensive about it.”
Breakfast was eaten mostly in silence.
Thankfully, their companion broke the silence.
and you’ll treat me with some goddamn respect!”
“And a model boyfriend,” Tony added, and turned his head, captured Steve’s lips in a soft kiss.
Tony nodded, as if the blond could see him. “Y-yeah. Know—I know it’s really late—b-but I…” He couldn’t seem to get any more words out. His breath turned shaky again and he squeezed his eyes shut, held the phone tighter. The blood was rushing to his head a little, which didn’t help him focus.
Tony managed a fraction of a smile. That was good, right? Everything was where it was supposed to be. He was healthy, and adorable, and Tony loved him so much. The doctor had said ‘relatively’ though, which meant there was a ‘but’ incoming, which Tony wasn’t sure he was prepared to hear.
Tony didn’t know what made him text it. He hadn’t said it since their very first phone call, and he didn’t plan on saying it today. Maybe it was something to do with the dream he had. He’d been having lots of vivid dreams lately, and though most of them were still unpleasant, bordering on nightmares, he’d been given a nice one or two, like the one last night. He dreamt of being with Steve, out in central park on a picnic, the sun shining, the park peaceful, and their son in his arms. He dreamt Steve’s scent was soft and happy, and his eyes familiar and adoring, like late at night when they were laying in bed together. He dreamt he was
They fell into silence for a few moments, the gravity of it all weighing down on them once more.
Steve really shouldn’t have rewarded Tony’s bad behavior, because how would he ever learn? But he simply couldn’t deny Tony. He loved him too much.
“It’s a matter of health,” he said instead, and hoped that would be enough.
“Good,” Steve replied, and he leaned forward to brush a gentle hand through Tony’s hair.
Fate was a real asshole.
, even if it cost him his life. He thought it’d be a fair trade, after all the misery he’d caused. If it would end with Steve safe and happy, it’d be well worth it.
“I found my mom’s record player,” Tony said finally, when they stopped walking.
“Are you alright?” Steve prompted again.
Tony knew it. He could feel the way the soldier’s body was squirming under his hands, could taste the pre-cum leaking from the tip of his dick, bitter but not particularly unpleasant, or maybe he was just biased. He hummed a little, partly because of his own satisfaction and partly to drive Steve a little more nuts, because he wanted it, wanted him to cum. Steve’s moans were some of the best sounds in the world, according to Tony, and he felt a sense of pride every time the soldier called out his name, because he knew no one else got the privilege. No one else got to see, to touch, to feel Steve this way, and that felt amazing.
Peter’s sudden whining at his side pulled Tony from his reverie, and he blinked his burning eyes a few times. He flicked on the lamp on the nightstand, leaned over to pull Peter out of the bassinet as he began to cry.
He promptly expelled the contents of his stomach, gagging and retching, his shoulders heaving with the intensity of it all. His hands were tight around the bucket and his head was still throbbing, and his eyes were squeezed shut as he threw up. It didn’t last that long, but it was long enough for tears to form in his eyes from the pressure, and for his throat to feel raw from the acid.
“There’s a problem. There’s no easy way to say this, so I’m just going to come out and say it. The effects of your Bond Sickness, of the strained relationship between yourself and Captain Rogers, were not limited to your own body. The sickness and its symptoms have passed to your baby as well. His temperature is raised, and he’s showing cold symptoms: runny nose, cough, fussiness.”
The brunet sighed, pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a little shame creep through his veins. “I know. I know you were just…looking out for me,” he said. “But Rhodey… you didn’t give me a choice, in the end. You pushed me into it. Maybe…maybe I just—I just needed a little more time. I…” he paused.
“You’re worth so much more than what you get. You know that, right? God Tony, I wish I could give you the world,” Steve said softly, his hands bracing Tony’s knees.
one now, shared all parts of each other, had given each other a promise that would
“Ahh! Yes, yeah, your slut,” Tony mumbled, eyes squeezed shut. He felt impossibly horny, desperate, and humiliated in the best way. “All yours, daddy!”
That was fair enough. Tony nodded, and shifted a little, and Steve took over from there. He took a breath, snapped his hips up,
chosen the right partner. Tony pressed his head against the soldier’s shoulder a few bars into their dance, and Steve leaned his against him in return, closed his eyes.
“I don’t bite, hard,” he’d once said, and it was a joke, but he meant it.
Either way, that night, in a room full of awe-struck, respectful,
“I’m sorry,” Steve replied. He hesitated just a second, and then let his hand brush through Tony’s curls softly. “I’m sorry about everything that happened.”
fucking it all up, but tried not to think about it. In moments like this, in Steve’s grasp, his scent deep and welcoming, he simply took what he was given gratefully, and hoped he’d never lose it.
“I don’t,” Rhodey said immediately. “I’d be disappointed in you if you were, if you did do that.”
Tony didn’t mind it. He loved the low, gravelly tone, still tinged with sweetness, with honey, like Steve’s tone normally was. What didn’t he love about Steve like this? The answer was: nothing.
ran deeper and felt better than he had imagined, brought a sense of peace and contentment around that he didn’t know was possible, even if they didn’t always see eye to eye, had just as many arguments as bouts of laughter. He always thought bondmates exaggerated whenever they talked about their connections in the past, in interviews or books or cheesy social media posts, but it was clear there was no exaggeration.
decided, and it felt so unfair, but perfectly fair, like he deserved it, for being a brat, and he did.
Tony turned a little, met Steve’s eyes. There were a few tears still leaving tracks down his cheeks, but he couldn’t bring himself to brush them away. His eyes were dark, kind of distant, withdrawn.
Tony didn’t back down though. He was 21 after all, wasn’t a kid anymore, and his plans, all of them, could be useful, given the chance to put them into motion. Just because Tony wasn’t interesting in creating weapons didn’t mean he was useless, like his father believed. At this point, he was sure his father would end up ruining his own company. Tony, on the other hand, could launch it forward, had a lot to offer. He could bring the stocks back up, reel in a new generation of investors, bring them to the top. Howard didn’t want to hear any of that, of course, didn’t want to believe it, and when Tony worked up the courage to spit out a “Fuck you!” at the end of his ten minute rant, his father yanked his arm forward hard enough for Tony’s knees to buckle.
. Steve loved it too, loved how small Tony looked in his grasp, loved that every inch of his beautiful body belonged to Steve, and that despite their age gap, Tony gave himself willingly, had claimed Steve for his own.
“H—he—“
. Tony always ended up sore for days afterwards, entirely sexed-out, and it took him a while to recover from it. But he didn’t really mind. He loved the hickeys and bruises that painted his skin afterwards, the way Steve’s scent clung to him, the deep, primal satisfaction he brought his mate. He loved the way he felt
The Alpha nodded to his teammates. “Let’s go.”
Tony growled once more, tried to push himself down further on the bed, to get the tip of his mate’s dick to slide inside him. He was wet enough, loose enough for it, after so much teasing. Steve wasn’t making it easy though, refused to slide home, even tipped his hips back a little to make it harder for Tony to get what he wanted.
. It was beautiful but intimate, and smelled really good, and Steve could tell just how much work Tony had put into it, and that made him feel that much worse for being late. Tony’s expression, the tear tracks on his face that Steve could see even at this distance really pushed it all over the top.
The blond seemed to pause, maybe waiting for Tony to tell him to stop, but he did no such thing. The brunet squirmed under him a little, sunk further into the bed submissively.
Steve hummed at that, smiled a little. “I love it too,” he replied, and pulled back a bit, set his hands on Tony’s waist. He looked his mate up and down, took in his disheveled hair, those beautiful dark eyes, the dusting of color on his cheeks. He looked mouthwatering.
The breath rushed out of his lungs on a quiet sob, and Steve moved forward, climbed onto the bed like Tony wanted him to. It wasn’t very big, but there was room enough, and although it was a little awkward with his suit on, he managed, settled at Tony’s side. The feeling of being at Tony’s side, the sensation of their hands touching, was indescribable, intensely overwhelming now. It was more overwhelming than the first time they had ever touched, back on the Helicarrier. Neither would forget it for the rest of their days.
“…Thank you,” Tony whispered, and he meant it.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, let out a shaky breath. “It’s me. It’s me. I’m so
He wouldn’t admit it, but his eyes were already searching for his gift. He didn’t like to admit how much he actually enjoyed getting gifts, especially from Tony. He had so little when he was a kid, and nowadays, he had so much. It wasn’t the quantity, or the price of Tony’s gifts that excited him though, it was because Tony always thought so hard on his gifts, tried to give Steve something he would really enjoy. He knew Steve wasn’t a flashy guy, didn’t have a particularly expensive taste except when it came to a few things. He always knew just the right thing for Steve, and it made him feel…seen. It made him feel like Tony knew who he was, who
“Stop sweet-talking me and get in me already,” Tony said, interrupting the blond’s thoughts, and not bothering to hide the adoration in his tone as he gazed up at his mate, put his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
Thanks for reading!! Please leave a comment!
“That’s it, then?” he heard at the door suddenly, and jumped a little at the sound.
“You better. I told you, you can’t cum until I tell you to.”
She seemed to accept that, nodded a little. He was thankful for it.
“I’m sure you excelled at that,” Steve replied, shaking his head.
Tony spun around, confused, as Steve stuck his head back into the room, and his body followed.
Calling the police would have been more trouble than it was worth, and that in itself made him feel shitty. He hated how pathetic he sounded too. It only frustrated him more, on top of how sick he was feeling, and a few fresh tears gathered in his eyes.
He took Tony’s hand again, a little hesitant, pulled him into the open space in the room. Tony followed instantly though, like a magnet drawn to him, slow and easy. Steve didn’t have to say anything else, didn’t have to ask for what he wanted. Tony settled into his arms like a puzzle piece sliding into place, a hand on Steve’s shoulder, the other in his palm, Steve’s arm wrapped around his waist. They swayed to the music, keeping time as easily as breathing.
Time dragged on that night, after they discovered the situation. Tony was on edge, which meant, naturally, that Rhodey was too.
to do so because of Steve, because he’d left, because the phone was gone and Tony didn’t see another way out, another way to get him back.
Peter looked adorable, standing on the shore, knee-deep in water. He had a little bucket hat on, tied with a strap around his chin to keep the sun out of his eyes, and his swim shirt and shorts were a light blue.
The soldier agreed with that. “I don’t intend to,” Steve replied, pulling him a little closer. “I’m so lucky to have you. I’m…I’m really thankful we’re together.”
He missed his daily hugs. He missed snuggling up next to Rhodey on the couch. He missed being able to joke with him, feeling comfortable around each other. He missed the ease of their friendship, the reprieve it offered him from his stress, from the burden of his sickness. Tony had another round of nightmares the other night too, which was really the culprit in softening his grudge.
He let out a loud sigh before he could stop himself, so preoccupied with his thoughts. He grimaced in the dark as Steve stirred behind him, and the arm around his waist tightened a little.
“I don’t know,” Ross shot back, bared his teeth a fraction. “Would you?”
“A few,” he replied, and smiled a little. “Maybe four or five.”
His hand came up, grasped her shoulder, and she brushed a hand down his side soothingly in return, felt the muscles in his abdomen flex with his harsh breathing, with the low moans that were being punched out of him with each thrust.
“Yes,” he breathed, and she could see his fingers trembling where they grasped the blankets, trying to keep a hold of himself, to keep from losing himself entirely.
Steve loved it whenever Tony was vocal in bed. He was always so well spoken in front of the cameras or during meetings, always knew just what to say or do. It was only when he was losing himself, either through emotion or sensation like now, that he got more tongue-tied, that he started repeating himself, saying whatever came to mind, whatever he
He wasn’t sure if seeing Bucky again, after all this time and everything that had happened made him feel better or worse.
“You ready for more?” Steve asked, gripping Tony’s hip with his free hand. “You wanna be fucked for real?”
much more than that,” he agreed.
Tony tried to take his words to heart. Steve was being sincere, he knew, but it was hard to get over that voice in his brain, telling him otherwise. He pushed it down, focused on the task at hand, on diverting his negative feelings. “I’m gonna kick Fury’s ass,” he said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello sirs, I am William and I will be your server for the remainder of the trip. With it being the first night, please allow me to thank you both for traveling with us. Is there a special occasion that you are celebrating with us?” The waiter was of middle eastern descent and was dressed the same as the other wait staff: black pants, white shirt, black tie, and a black napkin folded delicately over his right arm. He poured them ice waters from a crystal pitcher as he spoke.
Tony fell forward to his knees and began to sob into his good hand. He shook despite the harsh sun glaring onto his bare back. The various scrapes and bruises on his body burned, but the dark feeling inside his stomach of loneliness and doom burned worse. He couldn’t think, just let the tears fall and dapple the sand below him.
Steve, drawn in the moment, forgot to speak. Forgot everything except that moment on the boat where he missed out on kissing Tony and subsequently almost lost him forever. He licked his lips and as he moved his face slowly, testing the limits, towards Tony’s, he closed his eyes. His lips connected with Tony’s cheek.
The area around the door was quiet and almost serene, with all of the outdoor agents rushing to meet the other Avengers. Snowflakes softly settled on the ground beneath him as he checked over his shoulder to ensure that there were no enemies at his back before leveling his arm perpendicular with the door.
“How- how did you?”
“I SAID-“ a pause as he gasped for air “-NO.”
Confusion was only with Steve for about thirty seconds before he realized what was going on. He had seen the clouds covering the night sky seconds before Tony had been dropped to the lower balcony. Either this boat was unequipped for a storm, or someone had fudged up a checklist for boat preparations.
Tony?”
He was naked. Exposed. He was facing the concrete wall in the back of the cell with his hands still chained above his head and his legs spread more than shoulder’s width apart and shackled to the floor.
“Put your shirt on, “Tony flung the blue article off of him and onto Steve’s lap, “that will help… nngh.” Tony fell to his side, supporting himself on his good arm. He looked down and noticed several bloody spots dotting his torso.
“You always told me it wasn’t so hard to be a genius like you…. To make tech like you…But now you are speechless… strange.”
They were standing on the ceiling, the angle between the water surface and the mid-line of the ship increasing second by second. Both of their shoes had been thrown off long ago. They were on the bottom level of the ship, which was now the level closest to the water’s surface seeing as they were upside down. The ceiling was raising like the high end of a see-saw and the men were having to angle themselves, half crawling, to push forward towards a set of upside down stairs that, when right side up, should’ve lead to the upper decks.
“Pull ‘em out, Steve.” Tony hacked out and thought he felt Steve chuckle a little before setting him down.
Steve realized he had dropped Tony’s name and smiled sheepishly before continuing. “You have been quiet today. You alright?”
Steve began to look into Tony’s eyes and breathing deeply in attempts to calm the man. His warm hand rose and fell with each of Tony’s breaths and after a few moments, the breathing had slowed and Tony found himself sleepy from the sudden endocrine change.
Hopefully his little home would keep them safe from any predators. He hadn’t seen anyone else on the island. He figured they had all perished or, for the ones who got to lifeboats, had been picked up miles away. How the two of them had survived while no one else had, he didn’t know.
the train of thought stopped and the events from the last few days played out in his mind in rapid progression, flashing from memory to memory until finally the storm and the shipwreck burned so brightly that he was forced to sit bolt upright screaming.
He charged the man without his usual calm demeanor and tact, giving his enemy an advantage. The pig-faced man was better at hand-to-hand combat than his predecessors that Steve had fought, thus Steve was struck solidly in the face by a steel-toed boot. He spun and saw stars.
“What’s it gonna be tiny Tony? Fuck me and live? Fuck me and your friends live? Or
“Tony…. I have returned my love.” Captain America outstretched his C shaped hand and grabbed Tony’s, spinning him into a backbend and kissing him excitedly.
The headlines had been mysterious, but fortunately Tony always had access to more resources than the normal person. He had hacked into the local police station’s records and brought up the reports outlining Mr. Likart’s death. Bold letters lined the page stating, CONFIDENTIAL, UNDISCLOSED, UNDETERMINED, UNKNOWN. The report Tony had just skimmed over- it was the associated pictures that made his blood turn cold.
The super soldier snapped his focus back to the bar. “First things first, shellhead. Do what you can and I’ll lift as long as I can.”
Tony smiled contentedly and looked down at his hands a moment, thankful for the super soldier. He glanced up, wanting to look into Steve’s comforting blue eyes but instead his gaze was drawn over the man’s left shoulder.
“I had a dream that you were a volleyball,” Steve said. It had been four days of Tony shifting listlessly in his sleep. Steve had encouraged him to wake up only to eat some sliver of fish or gurgle some of their, now full, supply of water. Steve felt like he was going crazy, but he had to talk to someone. Had to speak words to someone, even if they were too unconscious to hear.
And the strength I need
One day, Tony had cut his hand and, just as with Wilson in
“BAD KITTY!” Hulk shouted and threw him hard enough that he flew across several buildings and landed in an ocean of diverse blocks.
One more curve and he was there. He raced up and skidded to a stop, right before the final edge of the meeting point. Or more accurately, right before Steve Rogers sitting on his motorcycle seat. The black beast was propped up on its kick stand and Steve sat gingerly on its leather seat, arms crossed and smirk plastered on his face.
“Fire.”
” Steve cried out again as the gun rammed back into him, this time lasting for a solid 30 seconds before releasing. Tony could see Steve’s muscles spasming.
Tony felt that the story Steve’s eyes told was very different from his own. Embarrassed and ashamed of his muddled blue eyes, he looked away.
Steve took a second to recognize what Tony was talking about and the blood drained from his face.
His left arm was broken. He could see it in his peripheral vision and could see how mangled it was. It was bending at odd shapes all along the forearm and various gashes were torn into it, revealing splintered bone, fraying muscle, and the white lines of various tendons and nerves.
“Like someone broke my arm during torture, I fell out of a boat, and then laid shivering on a god forsaken beach for ten fucking years,” he rasped.
Tony’s eyes had fallen but then regained hope after the briefest of second.
Steve, frozen and uncomfortable, limped over to where he suspected the door used to be. That tunnel was long; there would be no way to get through all the rock if the whole thing had collapsed. But, rather than go through the ceiling and further risking collapse of thousands of pounds of concrete on them, he decided that the main doorway was their best shot.
“Here we are, gentleman.” He read off their orders and preferences as he set the platters in front of them. William asked if they needed anything more as he pulled his hands back from the table.
Gradually, Steve stuck each finger into Tony, pushing past his puckering hole and into the smooth lining. He pushed them in and out, slowly and methodically, lubing Tony up in preparation for the seat’s dildo. Tony’s head, not for the first or last time this evening, lulled backwards, hair matted to his forehead in anticipatory sweat.
Tony furrowed his brow at the interruptions and then frowned as it dawned on him what was occurring.
“Not hungry. I’ll stay here until JARVIS is done.” Tony was now sitting on the couch, flicking his finger on his phone screen as he tried to determine what to do next. He felt awkward with just him and Steve. They were friends. Co-workers. But it was rare that they spent time alone together and the time alone that they did spend normally resulted in one of them opening up to the other, feeling vulnerable, and then putting on a macho front and ruining any chance of further kindling of their relationship.
very well. Tony blinked, shook his head, and settled beside Steve, handing him an old-fashioned.
“Hurts…” the mechanic whimpered.
Not even Tony had an answer other than ‘
Steve, noticing Tony shooting him a glance questioning his sanity, blinked and sobered his expression. “How are you feeling?”
“Okay.” Steve lowered him to the ground slowly and Tony found himself on his pallet. Steve had carried him the whole way. Tony’s groin was splayed out and, as Steve discovered, was red, hard, and throbbing. He could see the major veins pulsating.
The last light snapped and it went pitch black.
“Tony. Stark. Is. Broken.” Hammer pounded at each word breathlessly, his dick’s stimulation on Tony’s prostate causing the genius to finish yet again, adding more fluid to his chiseled stomach. Hammer leaned down and licked a strand of cum off of his ab and thrust deeper, bypassing Tony’s prostate and jamming as deep as he could go for his own pleasure. He had broken Tony Stark. Now it was time for him to make his mark on the genius forever.
He had begged Tony to wake up. Pleaded as he held the man’s warm, calloused hands in his and rubbed the fevered knuckles with his thumb. It had been days and there was no sign of Tony becoming fully cognizant.
Steve woke with a start. Breathing heavily. His dreams weighed on him. Water had washed Tony away from him and, while he screamed and screamed, Tony drifted further and further away. Then Tony’s head had turned into a volleyball, taunting him with sobs and tears.
Steve realized what was going on and swallowed, fear quelling up in his chest, but he quickly stamped it out.
Steve cursed inwardly before using the only defense he had accessible to him; he started blowing air at it, spittle flying from his mouth. The bird looked at him as if he had lost his mind, before settling on a nearby branch, seemingly taking pity on the large man.
Hammer took the mallet and struck Tony behind his left elbow causing an audible scream this time. With his serum-generated hypervision, Steve could spot beads of sweat breaking out on his lover’s forehead and chest.
evil… Scar.
Steve smirked a little and raised from his stationary position on the desk, striding over towards Tony with one hand out.
Steve pulled Tony upwards and shoved him through the hole formed by the broken window, following closely behind. Steve barred his arms against the window frame and pushed himself out, looking up to see Tony swimming weakly.
“Tony- I…. Are you..?”
The washer whistled as it was turned on and a jet spray of icy water and soap shot out of the hose. The jet flew straight for Tony’s groin and he cried out as his tender flesh splayed out, feeling as though it was being torn from his body.
“Excuse me.” He tried to arm his way through the buff blockade, but they stopped him.
strange….” Tony laughed at his own joke and was obviously the only one doing so. A joke about not being Steve’s mother but willing to be his daddy popped into his head, but due to recent circumstances, Tony decided to keep it to himself.
In the distance, Steve could hear people being awoken from the anti-toxin and breathed a sigh of relief that at least Bruce had done his job and had successfully imitated a useful form of the liquid. The recovering individuals seemed to be confused, which was only worsened as they witnessed what was, in their eyes, a super hero thrashing about like a maniac as doctors performed open abdominal surgery on him.
The doctor was awkward and patted Steve’s shoulder in a ‘there there’ fashion. “I understand that this must be hard for you. But… I do need to know everything that happened to truly, and efficiently help him.”
Tony’s eyes were wide in shock now. He couldn’t absorb the information being expressed to him. His mouth opened and closed but no words were formed.
Tony was going to ensure that his dick remained soft this entire time. He wasn’t going to give Hammer the satisfaction of having him erect and looking as if he was ready to go. If Justin was just going to stroke him like a sloppy one-night stand, he could manage.
There was an ear-splitting crack that emanated into his room and vibrated the metal floor viciously. The ceiling was now the floor and the floor was now the ceiling and Steve was pretty sure that something had just broken off of the ship. Most likely the other half of the ship.
Tony raised his hand and thumbs-upped Steve before settling the same hand on the bar, ready to get the fuck out from under the metal that had claimed him.
Steve almost argued but closed his mouth instead and nodded. “Let me build the fire first and see if I can find any-” he coughed uncomfortably “-tools on the shore.”
The battle was even going well until said giant robots had unleashed a particularly nasty neuro gas into the environment. The gas was strong enough to knock out Hulk and bring about Bruce Banner, bend Captain America to his knees, and infiltrate through Iron Man’s intricate system of ventilators and environmental filters. The four-hour long battle had persisted for a long time but had ended within 5 minutes as each of the Avengers fell to the ground, some coughing, some passing out, and one moaning as he morphed into his human form only to collapse into a partially clothed heap on the asphalt.
Hammer raised up and walked lackadaisically away from Tony and towards Steve. Tony wanted to call out and direct Justin back to himself but knew his arms competitor wouldn’t listen and wouldn’t care.
Tony blinked at him. “Okay I said I was scared not that I was believing in God and religion all of a sudden.”
A cell, what a surprise, with the normal concrete walls, iron-barred door, and red stained floors that sloped towards the middle of the room for drainage. Whether the red was from rust or blood, Tony didn’t really know but he speculated the latter. He tried to tell himself that none of this intimidated him. That worst-case scenario, he died. Best case scenario, his peeps were already trying to rescue him and breaking into wherever the hell he was right now. Considering the complete disdain that he had for himself 99.9% of the time, he really shouldn’t care if the worst-case scenario occurred, but he couldn’t help but suck in a sharp breath as his lungs and throat seized in what was the beginning of a panic attack. His and Yinsen’s time came flying back to him and he felt his arms start shaking.
They had both just sat on their respective couches, barely speaking, until Steve’s stomach began complaining.
“Not funny,” Tony breathed, eyes still wide.
“Please… leave me alone. Please… don’t hurt me anymore,” he whimpered, voice small and scared.
The three shots in their room hadn’t done much for Steve, so he dragged Tony behind him on his way to the bartender. “Two old-fashions please, light on the ice and heavy on the cherries.”
Steve’s face turned bright red, but not out of shame or embarrassment… out of anger. He sighed and shifted deeper into his position on Tony’s desk. “No. I am not going anywhere until you talk to me. If I have to stay here for days, so be it. You are gonna have to get in the suit and forcefully remove me… and then you are going to have one ticked off super soldier on your hands buckaroo.”
Tony’s breath came out in a relieved woosh before he relaxed, shoulders falling and neck muscles releasing. “Yeah. Yeah, I am. I sound like a nut… but I am terrified, Steve.”
Says the man who has full capabilities in both of his arm-“ There was a snap and crack before blinding pain exploded up Tony’s bicep, radiating through his ribcage and into his core. It took him a moment, but as soon as it hit, he turned his head in a silent scream. Soon enough, yellow bile flooded into his mouth. The pain was too much for his body to comprehend.
If the ship was rocking this much, then the storm must be bad. It was a cruise ship, so they should be prepared for storms like this, but who knows what tech Kang’s cronies had fiddled with on board. They could have messed with something that they had no idea its use.
“Tony, I-,” Steve stopped, gazing into Tony’s fearful eyes. The brown orbs glistened with tears that wouldn’t fall and Steve felt his heart melt with empathy and concern. Should he sit by Tony? Should he…. Lay next to him to keep him warm?
Steve dove forward towards Tony protectively, raising his shield to block any falling debris, but he was struck by a large metal post swinging from the rafters. Steve rolled to his side with a muffled cry. He remained still.
“Another,” Justin rasped.
“You threw it at
Speaking of which...he probably had four or five broken ribs in addition to the cuts and broken arm. Great.
Tony knew he probably sounded like an angry soccer mom, but he couldn’t help his yelling. It was still silent, and the silence was driving Tony even madder. He quieted, still banging his head back in an attempt to drown his anxiety.
Welp Steve and Tony are in even more trouble now...
She got the hint and winked. “Sure thing… I can leave the lovebirds alone.”
Steve felt himself angled approximately 45 degrees, chains pulling on his arms as the knife still stuck in his chest. He gasped as he tried to breathe with the metal lodged into his pecs.
He heard a scream and instantly knew whose it was.
The bartender dropped the glass in his hand with a clatter and quickly pulled up both shirt cuffs to reveal bare skin. He was shaking uncontrollably.
“You should go get some sleep, Captain Rogers. He is in the best hands possible… the bleeding has stopped but he will be in surgery for a while for the bullet retrieval. We will need to do some testing and….” Her voice trailed off in Steve’s mind as if it was background noise. He stared blankly at the floor, barely comprehending what she was saying before he sharply stood and shrugged off her hand that remained on his shoulder in an attempt to calm him.
Tony tried to speak but all that came out from between his lips was a whimper. He tried again, “-was jus’ thinkin’ ‘bout him…or her… it…God”
Steve’s gaze followed her out and then resettled on Tony’s facial features. Startlingly, one eye popped open, followed by the other.
Steve very slowly looked above him. His movements were stiff, frozen. His hair was icy from where it had been pressed against Tony’s sweaty forehead and froze. His eyelashes had crystals on them. He could see blue. Light blue with white puffs moving along it. He could see sky.
Steve fell on the floor when the piping broke and gasped, trying to bring as much air into his lungs as possible. He mentally prepared himself for whatever was coming before sidling up to Tony and putting his arm around the smaller man.
Tony screamed, eyes and mouth popping open and veins bulging by his temples. After a few seconds, his head thudded back against the hard floor as he passed out, but Steve had managed to free his arm.
that Tony had gone through Hammer beating him like a Whack-A-Mole. He had lost the ability to hold his head parallel to his spine, so it sagged back, pulling at his sore chest muscles. He kind of wished his neck would just break at this point. He could feel bruises forming all over his body. He was naked, hurting, and humiliated. Humiliated in front of the man he admired most.
“You’re cruel, Rogers.”
“That makes two of us,” Steve sighed. He put his hands on his belt. At this point, he wasn’t sure he had any redeeming qualities to pass on to his son.
“Sounds about right,” Tony replied. He looked at Peter too. “He’s just entirely empty battery, huh?”
“I can live with that,” Tony replied. “As long as you come over sometime this week. I’ve been meaning to show you my latest project.”
A desperate little whimper left his throat, and he squeezed his eyes shut, but that was when Steve pulled out abruptly, let Tony take a full, heaving breath.
“I have you. You’d never hurt me, and that’s enough.”
He was tired, honestly. Things with SI had been kind of hectic lately, and there were a lot of hoops to jump through. Normally Pepper handled the brunt of the work, but she needed help this time around, and he wasn’t going to deny her, after everything she’d done for him over the years.
“Knot me, knot me, Steve,” Tony gasped, and how could Steve do anything but deliver?
. He kind of hated how much there was, but Tony seemed to love it, praised him for it every time.
A few minutes later, Tony was comfy in bed, his shoes kicked off and the pillows soft under his head, a throw blanket on his lap. Steve’s arm was curled around him, his chest against Tony’s back, and Peter was in front of him, his little hand fisted in Tony’s shirt, gently sucking on his pacifier.
“Fuck…” Tony sighed, still shuddering a little. His voice was a little rough, but he was clearly pleased. He lifted a hand, wiped the tears from his eyes.
Howard had never really been a pleasure to be around, at least in Tony’s eyes, but it just seemed to get worse with each passing month. Maria spent as much time away as possible, was tired of her husband’s horrible behavior, didn’t seem to have the strength to deal with it, even for the sake of her
Steve didn’t actually intend to fulfill that threat(Tony wasn’t a fan of actually being restrained like that, preferred to imagine it in the safety of his mind), but it didn’t matter, because the implication was enough for Tony. His cheeks went a little pink, and his eyes got darker. The thought of Steve having control over him like that, owning every inch of him, including his pleasure, was too fucking hot.
“Well, at least you’re all here, except for miss Maximoff,” he started. “That makes it easier to discuss your decision and response.”
It was a relief, really. He much rather preferred Tony like this, still looking a little sleepy, his curls all disheveled, but safe, and without tears marring his cheeks. Steve could stare at him forever, had stared his fair share last night if he was honest with himself, sitting on the couch with Tony in his arms, waiting until he was completely asleep to move him to the bed. He’d never get enough of the view though, didn’t think it was possible too. Tony was stunning, in every sense of the word.
Bucky didn’t actually know much about Tony. He’d only seen him a handful of times, had never had a proper conversation with him, and had exchanged more punches than smiles, but he knew a thing or two about people, after all these years and all the training he’d been given. Tony didn’t seem like the type to suffer willingly for something or someone he didn’t believe in.
“Alright then. Let’s stop at the paint shop, pick up some new brushes. I’m going to start—and complete—a painting today, and you’re gonna sit on my lap while I do it,” Steve said, standing straight.
He needed to hear it again when Tony was sober, needed to know that it wasn’t just the alcohol talking.  He needed to know that they were on the same page, that something was truly beginning, or else needed to know that this one kiss was the only one he’d have to cherish forever.
“Maybe?” Tony replied, smirking a little.
“I really love you,” he said, voice barely above a whisper. “You have no idea how much.”
“I guess,” Rhodey replied.
, wanted to know him, and although Tony certainly had his flings, had seen a girl or two, even a few guys, he’d admitted one day when Steve had asked about two men he’d seen sneak a kiss on a crowded street, he never brought anyone home, never stuck around them the way he stuck around Steve.
Steve frowned down at Tony, tried to stay calm, his jaw clenching. “Be.
Tony’s eyes were deep and dark, and it was so easy to be swallowed up by them now. His lashes were wet, clumped together, and one had fallen on his cheek, swept away by his tears. He looked at Steve as if he were the only good thing left in the world.
“I didn’t need any convincing,” Steve countered. “I didn’t have much choice in the matter either. You just have a way of getting under my skin.”
“So much to do,” the scientist protested, and let out a sigh. His mouth watered a little, and he tried to will a gag away. “I really need—I need—“ he’d obviously said too much though, his body decided, because the nausea warning bell went off, and he had to immediately peel himself out of Steve’s grasp, lean over the side of the bed, and reach for the bucket.
“I need Tony,” the blond blurted out. That wasn’t exactly what he meant to say, and he shook his head at himself, tried again. “I-I need to call him, on a secure line. It’s an emergency.”
Secretary Ross sighed, pinched the bridge of his nose. “Fine,” he replied. He held up an index finger in the direction of the Android. “Vision, you’ve got an hour. At the end of that hour, you’d better be on your way to the crash site.”
The brunet didn’t want to back down, but at the same time, he wanted this over with. He’d been humiliated plenty for the day, and wanted nothing more than to get away from Howard, to get as far away as possible. Thank god the villa was as big as it was; he could find plenty of places to avoid the bastard.
. That being said, he didn’t want to damage his son. Even if he was a disappointment, he still carried the Stark name, and maybe, someday, he would learn his lessons, and finally follow in Howard’s footsteps. His grip lightened marginally, but his tone remained hardened. “You fuck up one more time, and I’ll put you right in your place. You understand me?” he asked.
The soldier’s jaw clenched angrily, thinking about what must have happened. He hated people like that, people who just took, who hurt others, who were oblivious to boundaries, felt entitled to what wasn’t theirs. He’d hated the way soldiers talked back during the war, some of the things he’d seen the other men say or do. More than once he had to step in, had to beat some sense into a fellow soldier or comfort a distraught woman. The thought that something like that, like all he’d seen over the years, could have happened to
The brunet in question could barely think straight, let alone open his mouth and talk right now. Every inch of him was throbbing, overwhelmingly satisfied, and exhausted. He let out a little moan, brought an arm over his eyes as Steve dumped his load, gave a few more thrusts, and slumped against the bed. His cock slid out, and cum dribbled out after it, slid down the back of Tony’s legs.
“I couldn’t risk calling you until I got somewhere safe. I tried to get here quick, I tried so hard, it just—we couldn’t use the roads half of the time. I wanted to call, I really did. I’m so sorry.”
There wasn’t much upstate in the way of big cities, or even entertainment from what he’d seen, but there were places like this, the occasional thriving local business that became a staple for nearby communities. The orchard and cider mill here was a local favorite, according to google, and had the best fresh apple cider in the state. Steve had found it after a few minutes of searching, and Tony agreed to check it out, intent on either proving or disproving the claim.
him. He was so hard, wanted to get off so bad, but knew he wouldn’t be allowed to until Steve did, until
“Hey, none of that,” Steve said immediately, and he wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, held him tight. “You’re not stupid, you hear me?  You’re not stupid. Whatever happened tonight wasn’t your fault.”
Tony took the opportunity to switch their positions, straddled Steve’s hips instead. He bent down, kissed him again, just a short kiss, let his hands trace the soldier’s shoulders, the curve of his collarbones, let his fingers brush over his adam’s apple.
her to be so careful, wanted to feel the full brunt of her thrusting, of the dildo sliding in and out of his smooth, wet walls, sending starbursts of pleasure through him. His cock was leaking like a faucet between them, and every so often her belly brushed against the sensitive head, just enough pressure to drive him more wild, and fuck, it was building and
Tony put his sunglasses back on properly and headed into the water to join them. The water was a little cold at first touch, after being out of it for a while, but Tony ignored it, smiling as he approached the others. The water was up to his shins by the time he made it there, and he shuddered a little as a wave splashed him.
Tony snapped the picture, waved the Polaroid around to help it develop, and walked a few feet to where they had their things, under the shade of an umbrella.
Tony was, in the truest sense of the word, kind of a brat.
The brunet hesitated just a second, and did as instructed, flipped over on the bed so he was facing Steve.
Steve didn’t have a good response for that, except to tighten his fingers on Tony’s ass a little.
Tony made a little noise in reply. He really hoped Steve was right. His migraines only lasted a few hours usually, but they were so much worse than his long-lasting regular headaches. He hated them, a lot, and wished he could make them go away at whim. He also hated the time he was losing like this, being idle, being
“God…
Tony moaned. “So full,” he replied, his hands sprawled over the bed, fingers twitching as if he meant to grasp something, anything to keep him from losing his mind. Another thrust, another slide of that deep, wide weight across his prostate and his back arched. “There’s so
The brunet swallowed him down further than he had been now, let the soldier’s cock hit the back of his throat. His lips were shiny with spit, and it was practically dripping down Steve’s shaft, warm and messy, but Tony wanted it that way, shut his eyes and lost himself in it a little too.
,” he muttered, and covered his burning face with his arm.
“I love you, Tony,” the blond replied without hesitation. “I love you so much. You’re so perfect, so amazing, and you’re all mine,” he said, brushing his hand through Tony’s dark hair. He let his fingers glance Tony’s neck, with feather light touches that gave him goosebumps. “Can I touch you, sweetheart? Can I show you how good you are, how much you mean to me?”
Eventually, Tony gave his answer, and he didn’t have to say anything to give it. He gestured for the blond to lie down beside him, and Steve rolled off of him immediately, settled at his side.
It was so fucking good, overwhelmingly good after going so long without the sensation, and when she ran her hands up his thighs, gripped his hips to pull him a little closer, his cock pulsed, the low-simmering heat in his core spiking. “Oh…”
Tony tried to think. “I—I passed out,” he replied. “I felt so fucked up. Still feel fucked up.”
Tony could feel it too, felt the base of his mate’s knot swelling, press against his rim with each thrust. His cock was begging for attention at this point, but honestly he didn’t think he’d have to even touch it to orgasm this time. He could feel that deeper pleasure rising, urgent and sharp, hot in his groin, and he didn’t think he’d have to chase it for long.
“Better you get bigger than not big enough,” Steve settled on. “Your check-ups say you’re doing a little better, and that’s what matters most.”
“Maybe you’d like to announce it yourself,” he replied. “At one of my father’s parties. You’d love to just put me in your lap like this, rip my clothes off, fuck me in front of the crowd, wouldn’t you? Because
Tony exhaled softly at that, shut his eyes. Steve was right. He
A dreamy look of confirmation, desperation in those beautiful blue eyes, and the scientist dragged her hips back, pushed forward slowly, smoothly.
“I learned that from you,” the blond retorted, though it wasn’t necessarily true.
It was hard for Steve to keep his hands off of her. He loved Tasha so much, more than anything, more than life, and she loved him just as much, gave him the world, gave him everything, whatever he asked for. She didn’t
They were engraved in a way that looked exactly like Steve’s shield, the carved ridges mimicking the appropriate amount of rings and the star in the center. They were insanely beautiful, and expensive he knew, (not that it mattered) and the implications…Steve wanted Tony wearing his symbol, his emblem. He wouldn’t do something like this, have a gift like this made unless he meant it, unless he really loved Tony, and wanted to stay with him another year, maybe much, much longer.
them to check the fuel lines! Idiots!
She was definitely looking forward to getting fucked tonight, at the end of all of this, after making him feel good.
“Mm…”
“This isn’t about what you want, Tony. Maybe it would be if you’d acted your age tonight,” Steve stated, his words firm. He dragged a hand through Tony’s dark hair.
Tony let out a little laugh that was more of a relieved sigh, and Steve smiled softly at him. God, Tony loved him. He scooted up a little, and their lips met.
“And her massive collection. She loved music,” he added, voice low. “She used to turn this thing on in the afternoons, whenever she was at home. I…I don’t know. It’s something a little different, and it’s a part of me,” Tony said. His grasp on Steve’s hand tightened a little.
“Speaking of the search algorithm,” Ross replied, a bitter grin growing on his face. “There seems to be an issue with it.”
“Well at least they tried to cover their tracks,” Rhodey said. “That’s good. It means they won’t have anything.”
“Shit, Steve, Steve—“
you’ve been up my ass asking for this and that, making me chase after
“There’s really nothing else we can do? I can…maybe I could…” Steve’s voice dropped off. He didn’t know quite what to say.
“Nope,” Steve replied.
The brunet smiled at him, tilted his head back, silently asking for a kiss. Steve obliged immediately, slung his arm over Tony’s waist and kissed him thoroughly. Tony smiled into it a little, let it go on for a bit, soft and slow and eventually pulled back, let his head fall against the pillow beneath him. Steve settled behind him then, inhaled his warm, delicious scent and let out a soft sigh.
The brunette had no qualms about it herself. If she was having a good time, people would
The blond let out a little groan at the intrusion, big, a little intimidating but he knew he could handle it. Natasha didn’t grant him any mercy though once the head was inside, pushed forward and forward and forward until her hips hit his ass, and he was spread open, his hole fluttering around the dildo.
Tony settled on his side, scoffed a little. He grinned, brushed his toes against the bulge of Steve’s slacks. “I do have two perfectly good hands, and
When Tony drew back, he pulled his hands back, tugged on Steve’s belt buckle. “You gonna go get changed, soldier? I’ll heat up the food and put the flowers in a vase.”
Their lips met a little more insistently than last night, with more confidence, less hesitance, now that the words had been spoken and they’d given substance to this, to the feelings they’d shared for so long. Tony’s hand slid up Steve’s chest, around his shoulder, and Steve’s fingers tightened in the fabric of the brunet’s sweater, and he pulled them backwards so that his back was against the arm rest, and Tony fit himself between Steve’s legs.
Tony looked up at him, his eyes kind of far away in spirit, but Steve could see the focus growing in their dark tone, the affection. He took a second to respond, took in the sight of the man he loved, the man who’d been his for a whole
“Depends. The information was absorbed pretty quick, but my actual behavior? Atrocious, of course,” Tony explained. He set the flowers on the credenza momentarily, crossed the room and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, leaned up to give him a kiss.
Four days later, the Braxton Hicks contractions started. His belly dropped a little too, but the doctor said that was common up to a week before birth, so he tried not to worry.
Why was nothing Tony ever did good enough for him? Why couldn’t his father tell him he loved him? It wasn’t fair. Tony wasn’t that bad of a kid. He was smart, and a hard worker, and excelled everywhere he went. He had countless awards already, had been recognized for his efforts in college. Everyone seemed to love him, even if he misbehaved sometimes. So what if he acted out occasionally, or got into trouble at MIT? He was
it a little again. He
“That’s it, yes, yes, such a good boy,” Tony crooned, reaching back to stroke the soft, thick fur running down the blond’s neck, brushing down his chest. The angle was a little hard on his wrist, but it was well worth it for the pleased little sound Steve gave him, the way he bent down further, melted into the touch.
“You always talk a big game, but when it comes down to it, you’re just a little brat who can’t take what he dishes out.”
, and Steve couldn’t blame him for that. God, he wished he’d been called under different circumstances.
The blond laughed a little, finally wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulder like he’d been itching to ever since last night. The gesture felt familiar, felt right, like he’d done it a thousand times.
him lose.
“Do you understand me?” Howard repeated.
Steve did his best to gather his thoughts, to try and put himself back together.
“F-fuck,” he muttered, crossing his arms. He’d left his jacket at the party. There was no way he was going back in there to get it though.
Steve—“
“Language, Captain!” Tony replied with a mock indignant gasp. He let out a little laugh at his own joke. The alcohol had surely tickled his funny bone tonight.
“Uh huh,” Tony replied. “Well then how did a gent like you end up with a troublemaker like me? Didn’t your momma warn you about us dark-haired types?” he asked, leaning low and pressing a kiss to Steve’s jaw.
Natasha sighed. “We don’t even have a way to warn Wanda about all of this. They’ll be looking for her too.”
It was no problem being here, comforting Tony. Hell, Steve had been through a lot of ups and downs the last few months himself, and without Tony’s support, he would still be in a bad place mentally. He was stressed of course, as was the usual for all of them, but he could be doing a lot worse. If he could repay Tony for his love by simply laying with him today, he would.
wealthy benefactor named Howard Stark, he still preferred to be prudent with his money.
,” Rhodey insisted, squeezing his hand.
Steve had given him his jacket. He’d
He was so close—only two weeks left before his due date, and he already felt miserable. How much more miserable would he feel moving forward now, without Steve’s reassurances, his voice soothing the pain and sickness? How would this affect their baby? Things were already dangerous, could they become even more so? Had their mutual stupidity damned their child? Tony desperately hoped they hadn’t. He couldn’t live with himself if that were the case.
The blond drew his arm back, and Tony bent down, slowly scooped Peter into his arms, the baby’s head resting on his shoulder. Peter sighed a little, stirred momentarily, but didn’t seem interested in waking up quite yet. He was so warm, and soft, and fit perfectly in Tony’s arms. Tony took a second and let the contentment wash over him, comforted by the weight, the steady heartbeat of his child.
Tony frowned a little, angry at the reality of it all. It bothered him, a lot, knowing that he couldn’t have any more kids. Not so much as when he’d gotten the news, but still enough to hurt, even now. There was always adoption, but…
Tony didn’t know what to say. What the fuck was he supposed to say? What could anyone say to hearing something like that? His breath caught in his throat, and Rhodey set a hand on his shoulder, but it didn’t help him breathe, didn’t help him understand. Why was this happening?
“Unfortunately, I think you’re right.”
“It wasn’t just your eyes that drew me in,” the blond replied, and his expression was pleased, reverent. “It was your personality, brattiness and all.”
When the knot caught and grew just that little bit more inside, tied them together so completely, Tony shuddered, and couldn’t stop the whimper from crossing his lips, high and tight, that spilled out as he came, painted their chests white with cum. The pleasure was intense, but smooth, rushing through him like cool water, making him dizzy with it.
He’d said as much a few times before.
“It isn’t fine,” Steve insisted, brows pinched. “Those guys need to be taught a lesson, need to be
They’d been at this
“Okay, just a second,” she agreed, knew better than to argue right now, and walked around the bed. She gingerly scooped Peter up from the bassinet, smiled as she did so, and placed him in Tony’s tired arms.
But no. They weren’t happy now. They were separated, because of a few stupid decisions that Tony was sure now would haunt them for a lifetime.
His eyes took in every detail of Steve’s face, familiar and enamoring, filled with hesitation, with sadness, as Tony’s own was, and decided the war was over. They were here, they were together, and things were
“You’re insufferable today,” Steve said, shaking his head. “Maybe I should turn you back around and have my way with you some more instead of giving you what you want.” The hands on Tony’s waist slid down, dipped under his thighs and raised them.
It was funny, how bad he needed Steve’s hands on him now, his touch, when being touched half an hour ago made him want to die. It really came down to the person, he supposed. The devil was in the details. Steve’s touch was welcome, wanted, unlike the strangers he’d met tonight, he’d trusted, who had betrayed him, just wanted to take advantage of him. Their touches felt intrusive, disgusting, and the phantom feeling of their hands on him haunted Tony now.
They’d been out in town for a walk after breakfast, at Steve’s request(the garden at the Villa was beautiful of course, but Steve thought a change in scenery would do them both good) when the nefarious idea popped up in Tony’s brain.
The doctor sighed softly, dropped his eyes to his tablet. “Your child is relatively healthy,” he started. “No birth defects, a good pair of lungs and good heart, ten fingers and toes, and the cute button nose to go with it.” He tried to keep his tone a little light.
Ross gave him an irritated little smile, but withdrew his fingers. “We got a hit,” he said simply.
“Steve, I don’t know what to fucking tell you. That won’t work. There’s no way,” Tony sighed, rubbing his temple.
“Fuck, Steve, why are you so hot? You’re so stupid hot. Why is your cock so
If Steve wanted that though, he’d have to tell Tony. The brunet, although already half hard, wanted Steve to work for it for making him wait so long. They could’ve already fucked, and be laying in bed blissed out by now, but
“I don’t have to try to do anything, especially when I know it won’t end up well! We’re way past you telling me what to do. I was right about everything, but it still doesn’t matter, does it? Even now you won’t listen to me!”
It was hard, seeing Tony like this, knowing how long he’d been in pain. It’d been at least fourteen hours—he kind of lost track at some point, and he wasn’t sure how much longer this would go on. Tony had called him Jim just now, not Rhodey, and not Honeybear, a testament to just how bad he was feeling.
“Don’t forget the honking cars.”
“There’s always been speculation. Even when we were still in the same country, there was speculation. Let them talk. They’ll keep each other entertained.”
Tony didn’t mind a bit of biting. Hell, he
Steve, on the other hand,
Tony shut his eyes, waited for more. He’d been hit before, knew what to expect. He never enjoyed the sting, the fear he felt when his father struck him, and how long it took for the bruises to go away, but there were worse things he could do, he supposed. He knew other kids had it worse. The seconds drew on, and suddenly, Tony desperately wished Steve would appear to save him, would beat Howard back like he was a Hydra agent, or like he was that group of creeps at a house party Tony’d been to two years ago, the night Steve kissed him for the first time. Howard was careful like that though, only punished Tony when there would be no one around to stop him. Even when drunk, he stuck to that rule, and Tony fucking hated it.
“Uhn,
Anyway this fic is dedicated to @Imperialstark because I came up with the idea speaking to her and she deserve the world for putting up with my constant whining. Also go check out the fics on her AO3 by the same username!!
What could possibly be wrong now? Hadn’t he suffered enough? Didn’t he deserve a moment of peace, of happiness? Didn’t he deserve some reward from life, for all of the suffering? Was he truly that bad of a person, that even this had to be ruined? What was about to happen?
The soldier made no protest being fed a bite. He savored it, considered it a moment, and seemed satisfied with his hard work, nodded a little to himself.
This conversation was giving him a headache. Why had he agreed to talking to Steve again? He was so goddamn
He took a preparatory breath, and headed back out to Tony, tried to ignore the nervousness building inside him, like it had before their first date. Really. There was no reason to be nervous. He’d spent every day at Tony’s side, had gone on plenty of dates with him,
Could he handle anything at all? He couldn’t even handle taking care of a damn
He was stuck. He was so damn stuck, just there, on the brink, his heart beating fast and the blood rushing in his ears. God
Steve wasn’t an idiot. He knew what Tony wanted, but he had half a mind not to give it to him, at least, not without a lesson. He gripped the brunet by the hips, looked down at him. “You’re such an attention slut,” he chided. He lifted a hand, lightly tugged at the curls on the back of Tony’s neck until his head fell back a little, and his neck was bared. “And a
He’d quite obviously been successful in that arena.
The scientist heaved a sigh, rested his chin in the palm of his hand, and stared at the empty seat across from him.
Tony was blinking like a deer in headlights, and suddenly he felt warm, and shocked, and kind of embarrassed. “Wait—I—do you…do you like
Steve thought his heart was melting. Tony’s words filled him with such warmth, made him feel so
Steve didn’t get back to him.
“I think I should start,” Rhodey announced after pouring two glasses of juice. He grabbed himself a plate of food and sat across from Tony. Instead of digging into his food, he folded his hands on the table, face kind of grim, and waited for the other Alpha’s response.
The blond crawled forward a little, braced a warm hand on Tony’s neck and brought their lips together. He kissed Tony slowly, softly, and the brunet melted against him, closed his fingers around the lapels of Steve’s jacket, arched into his hold.
“I love you,” Steve replied, tucking his arm under Tony’s back to hug him. “You and your crazy ideas.”
Two or so hours later, the pain finally started to recede to a manageable level, and though the team had plans to eat dinner together today, Natasha was kind enough to bring Steve and Tony’s takeout order to them so they could eat alone. The team had lived together long enough now to know each other’s ailments, each other’s routines, and each other’s limits. Tony appreciated that. Despite the occasional arguments, or how he sometimes managed to feel isolated, or left out, he loved moments like this where it was clear that his teammates did care, at least a little.
“I…I uh…” He let out a puff of air that was part laugh, part exasperation.
Tony could never resist breakfast foods, especially with blueberries in them, and Rhodey knew it. “Yeah,” he replied, and took a step forward.
“Actually, it was the blondes she never trusted. Ironic, huh?”
Tony frowned at him, but dropped his eyes. “Fine. I’ll listen,” he said.
Steve didn’t panic usually. He wasn’t the panicking type, really. He’d always had the ability to stay some sense of coherent under pressure, to find a way through the tough situations. He’d learned to make quick decisions, to stay in control, and he was good at it, most of the time. He had to learn to handle the unexpected, to think on his feet, because that’s what a leader did. Normally, he did a decent job at it. Now wasn’t one of those times where he did a decent job.
—good.”
“Nothing,” Tony replied, his eyes drifting open, half lidded. “I’m just…just happy.”
Steve knew that tone. “Tony…”
“Still so mouthy,” Steve complained. “If you’re still good enough to talk back to me, then I guess we’re not done.”
Ross arrived half an hour later, and that was when things got interesting.
! Son of a bitch!” he roared, tossing a careless punch at a nearby tree.
to them?
Steve’s hand slid up Tony’s body, just barely caressed the mess of scars on his chest, and his big long fingers framed his neck, wrapped around it. Tony’s pulse was strong and fast under his fingertips, his skin exceedingly warm, but soft, smooth from the lotions he used so often, trying to smooth away the abrasions of his life. He always smelled so good, so mouthwatering, with warm scents that Steve would gladly drown himself in.
“Are you happy with yourself?” Steve asked, shifting his hips a little. He couldn’t help but thrust up a little into the tight channel spread open around his dick, which had been for over an hour now.
Tony did just that, put his hands on the table. He couldn’t help but drum them on the smooth surface, somewhat anxiously. He’d never been good at these kinds of conversations, avidly avoided them when possible. There was no avoiding this one though, not anymore. He wasn’t sure how to start it though, how to put it all into words.
To his credit, Tony tried to relax. He really did. He took a deep breath, bit his lip when Steve pushed in, and in. He groaned a little, brows knit at the sudden stretch, just the right side of too big, until it was actually too big, and he hesitated. “Steve…”
Steve never talked much like this. It took a lot of focus on his part, and he wasn’t fond of the way his voice sounded, was always put off by it. He always said his wolf voice was foreign to him, didn’t sound like himself in his ears, and it bothered him.
Steve’s arms wrapped around his back, held him close, and he let out a grunt, pumped his hips a little as he came, even though he was as deep as he could be. It took a long time to finish, as it always did when he knotted, and by the time he was spent, it was hard to think for a few seconds.
He could feel Steve’s muzzle moving up his spine, his big, wet nose sniffing his bare skin, the sheer size of the canines sticking out of his mouth causing them to graze his flesh. The sensation of that always drove Tony wild, knowing the power, the sharpness of Steve’s fangs, of his entire body in this form, but knowing with certainty that he was never in danger, that Steve would never hurt him.
“Come on, sweetheart, cum for me,” Steve said, low, against his ear, and Tony delivered.
(See the end of the chapter for
. I’m glad you called me. The thought of you out there all alone, scared and hurt…I never want to see you that way. Anything I can do to keep you safe and happy is worth a little discomfort.”
Steve’s voice was a little sleepy, and surprised, but didn’t sound upset, and luckily, was filled with recognition.
“Gonna knot you,” he growled, gripped Tony’s hip a little tighter.
“But I’d rather you wouldn’t,” Sam added, giving him the faintest glimpse of a smile. He took a breath. “I’m…I’m still mad at you, but I’m ready to work
Steve looked down at him fondly. “You too.”
Tony had to brace himself on the bed against the force of Steve’s thrusts, got his elbows up and folded his knees under him. The angle made it that much more intense, and pleasure shot through him like lightning, so, so damn good he could hardly keep his eyes open. Steve was panting above him, each drag of his cock resounding in a sick
! Even if we’re not together, it’s—it’s fucking embarrassing! You have no idea what I’ve been going through, how much I’m suffering, and now you come into my house
“I will search the crash site,” Vision said when there was a moment of silence. “I will report all of my findings, whether they seem irrelevant or not. Further analysis might provide us with a clue as to their whereabouts.”
Tony did as told. He opened up the little jewelry box, held it up a little higher to get a better look at it.
If only he’d made another choice, that day in the snow.
“It doesn’t sound like nothing,” she prodded. Maybe speaking, even about Steve’s issues, was more appealing to her than sitting in mutual silence at the moment.
Tony needed more than that, and he wasn’t going to pretend otherwise.
Tony frowned a little, but nodded. “If I come across anything, I’ll let you know. Do try to give a few hours’ warning before showing up again, will you? Having my schedule suddenly interrupted isn’t exactly helpful at this point.”
He wanted nothing but sweet moments for his Peter, did his best to keep him safe and happy always.
He loved a sleepy Peter. He loved Peter at all times of the day of course, but when his son was sleepy, and he got quiet and clingy, the urge to keep him close, to protect him only grew. The kid was so damn sweet. He had a temper on him of course, as anyone did, but for the most part, was always well behaved, and just adorable. He really was the best of both of them, Steve thought.
The blond took it gladly, rubbed the back of Tony’s hand with his thumb, muttered encouragements as he sank in deeper. “That’s it, you’ve got it,” he gasped out, pushing in that much further, inch by inch. “Taking it so good, opening right up for me like a good boy.”
But he wasn’t, wasn’t any of that, because he had Steve. Steve was keeping him safe now, was sitting next to him on a couch,
“Why did you take so long to admit it then, huh? God, Rogers, you had me on the ropes for
“We’ll figure it out before that point,” the soldier assured him. He stifled a yawn.
Steve shrugged a little, tried to avert his gaze. Tony flipped his sunglasses up though, set them on his head so he could look at Steve directly, and Steve could never resist those dark brown eyes, the long, sweeping lashes framing them. There were a few more wrinkles around them than when they met, and so close, Steve could see the grays in his hair, the signs of slow aging, but he never minded. He never
When they finished eating and Tony leaned back on the couch, Steve couldn’t help but inch a little closer, rest his arm on the back of the couch, almost around his shoulder.
Oh yes, he’d heard all about Tony’s terrible ex-boyfriend, and a little about one of his ex-girlfriends too. Steve had never had the pleasure of meeting either of them, which was to their advantage, because the blond wouldn’t hesitate to introduce them to his fist for all the terrible things they’d put Tony through.
Tony wanted to show Steve how much he loved him, how thankful he was that they were still together. There weren’t many people who could stand to be around him, especially so intimately, for so long. Excepting Pepper, his longest relationship in the past was about 6 months. Normally people got sick of him after a few weeks. Despite all of the drama, and their differences, Steve was still here.
“After finding out how things are really going, I guess I can’t blame him,” Sam sighed. He rubbed the back of his neck.
be fine. He’ll be perfect, and adorable, and wonderful. He’ll be the best of both of us, and he’ll love you so much.”
took it gladly instead of world-shattering events and threats that left him battered and bruised and feeling miserable.
He wasn’t sure how the UN discovered them in the first place, and none of them were expecting an ambush, but on the borders of Italian airspace they took a hit, which disengaged the retro-reflective panels, and from there, they were chased across the ocean by three fighter jets.
Steve’s sudden voice settled him a little, filled his cold heart with a fraction of warmth.
“All those comments, and compliments, and flirting, and you’re still not gonna ask me out?” Steve demanded, and his face was kind of red as he said it, but he held himself confidently.
When he opened his eyes, he was in a bedroom he’d never seen before, and wasn’t sure he’d ever get the chance to be in.
“You couldn’t last a week without sticking your dick in me,” Tony replied, eyes narrowing.
of him, wiping away the blood on his hand, being gentle with him and kind and
Tony’s long lashes fluttered as his cheeks were painted sticky white, and he could do little more than stare up, dazed, into Steve’s pleased face. His hair was disheveled, bangs sweeping down over his forehead and his blue eyes were deep, intense. The light fixture behind him bathed him in luminescence like a halo, and yeah, that made sense, because Steve was a fucking angel sent down to Tony.
He didn’t know how much longer he could take, waiting to get there, to contact Tony. What would he even say when he did? No apology he could offer would be enough, he was sure. Tony would hate him, withdraw all over again, turn cold and distant like he had been mere weeks ago. All of the progress they had made would be gone, he was sure of it. Steve had fucked up one too many times, and he couldn’t fix it. He hated it.
Steve didn’t know what to say. His stupidity had not only damned Tony, but their child too? Their baby was suffering, was sick, because of Steve’s mistakes? Because he’d been gone all this time? He’d hurt even him? This small, innocent person, the combination of Steve and Tony, who had grown, lived, in defiance of their distance, of their separation? He’d ruined his child’s life before it even began? He couldn’t take that, couldn’t handle it.
Five days later, there was still no sign of Steve and the others, and Tony spent the day alternating between his bed and the luxurious tub in his bathroom, trying to relieve the aching in his back and pelvis.
Howard couldn’t really stand his son, for whatever reason, and was always disappointed in him, and he’d said as much when he yelled at Tony, slammed a fist down on his desk and raised his voice high enough for Tony to flinch.
He couldn’t have Steve, no matter how many times he teased him or flirted with him, no matter how many lingering, heated glances he gave him, or how many warm touches. He couldn’t have Steve because Steve was older, and he was another man, and that in itself wasn’t really a problem, if you were careful about it, but he was Captain America, and there was no way anyone would let him be Tony’s. He couldn’t be. He was lucky enough to even be able to see Steve as often as he did, was lucky that the blond came over for dinners or social events or just on days when he didn’t know what to do with himself, like he had been at least once a week since Tony finished his tour of Europe and came home. He was lucky for every moment spent with Steve, but it wasn’t
“What’d you think?” the brunet asked.
The photo was captioned “Good morning.”
Steve was just glad their communication efforts were finally starting to pay off a little. He didn’t know what they would have done otherwise. As long as they kept up the talking, and Tony’s stress stayed at a manageable level, most of the danger had passed in terms of his pregnancy, and that was a relief to both, even if things weren’t as they used to be, not by a long shot. The birth itself still presented plenty of danger, plenty of opportunity for misfortune, but they tried not to focus on that. Steve didn’t need his mate to admit it to know that Tony was worried about it. They both were.
He meant it in a good way, but it made Tony hesitate, made him question it all again, as he did more often than he liked to admit. It must have shown in his eyes, because Steve continued. “Stopping you in the kitchen that night was one of the best choices I’ve ever made,” he said softly.
Tony licked the cum from his fingers, but huffed at his words. He’d initially felt a little floaty, and it took a few seconds to gather his thoughts, but then his attitude came back.
They jumped around in the waves, and Steve had the honor of playing a shark, chasing the others around in the surf until Peter’s giggly shrieks started to give Tony a headache, and then Steve took him into his arms, let Tony swim around a little bit by himself to cool down.
They could take Peter inside now, put him in bed or on the couch and jump in the shower, but…
Tony licked his lips. “See ya, Cap,” he said, and held out his hand for Steve to shake. He tried not to think about how it’d be the last handshake they would have for a long while.
“I’ve slept on worse,” Steve insisted. He set his cup down on the coffee table, and his expression was serious, his eyes sincere. “Really, Tony, it’s
“Fuck,” Steve breathed, his voice wavering.
Steve smiled a little, entertained by Tony’s insistence today. Sometimes Tony got too mouthy, and could be abrasive, sometimes downright hurtful, especially in a real argument, but when they were just being playful like now, he loved it.
“I’m in Wakanda. T’challa gave me a secure line. I called as soon as I got here. Are—are you okay?”
“Sorry. I’m sorry, I—I was scared,” Tony said. “I just—just hold me. Please.”
Tony adjusted the needle, and a second later, music filled the air.
The blond laughed a little. “I think I know that better than anybody.”
short,” Tony insisted, frowning up at him. “I’m average height. It’s not my fault you’re a freak of nature.”
Steve’s eyes fluttered under his gentle touch, at the goosebumps it left behind. He was warm, maybe a little too warm, no doubt from the sunburn he’d earned, but the warmth of Tony’s body against his was still welcome, still enticing. The bed was extraordinarily soft, and Steve had felt his share of soft beds in his time with Tony, so that was saying something. It made him feel that much more relaxed, loose and easy, without the troubles that normally plagued his mind, his heart. He only felt like this with Tony, so content, so un-bothered. It was a miracle, honestly, that either of them could forget the world around them at any point in time, but they’d managed well enough the last few weeks.
“Maybe,” Steve replied, and Tony could feel the blond’s eyes on him, soft, kind, like they often were.
Tony found fault in that too.
“Turn around and lay on your back like I fuckin’ told you to,” Steve replied, and tugged loose his own tie. It was getting kind of warm in the room, hot really.
Steve did just that. His restraint slipped rather quickly, after waiting for it so long, and desperation took over within seconds. His thrusts were hard and fast, enough to push Tony up the bed a little, and the brunet grasped at the sheets in response, a jolt of pleasure running through him with every thrust. The slap of skin echoed in the room alongside their moans, and eventually Steve dropped Tony’s legs in favor of bending over him, crowding him, a low, dominant growl reverberating in his throat that raised goosebumps on Tony’s skin.
than me, and maybe it’s only a few years, but it’s more than a lot of people deem proper.”
to forgive Steve yet. He didn’t want to let him in again, let down his defenses. What could come of it anyway? Unless Ross and his associates had a sudden change of heart, Steve couldn’t come home. They couldn’t be a proper family. That just made Tony even angrier.
“Don’t apologize,” Steve replied, pulling him closer. “Don’t ever apologize. God, Tony, I’m just glad you called me.”
“Please,” Steve said, tone pleading. “I need to talk to him as soon as possible. I had a secure phone, but I lost it, and we were being chased. I couldn’t risk walking into a store and trying to buy a new one. Couldn’t risk a pay phone because—”
The peace was disturbed, but Steve couldn’t imagine a better kind of disturbance.
Tony grimaced, tried to pull his arm free from his father’s grasp. “You’re hurting me,” he hissed, his eyes welling up with tears at the sudden pain.
look gorgeous, like he always did. His hair was mussed up a bit too, and his face flushed, but the hunger in his eyes, the adoration there, was bone-chillingly appealing, had the brunet’s desire ratcheting up even higher. God, he loved Steve.
Tony had been expecting it, of course, knew exactly when Steve would reach his limit, after so much time spent together. He pulled back a little in preparation, gladly swallowed all of it, licked and sucked Steve’s cock clean with little licks, careful of his sensitivity but not clinical by any means. His beard was still a little wet with spit, and his face was flushed, but Tony grinned when he’d finished his work, took in the way Steve was laying flat against the bed, an arm covering his eyes.
him, because Tony liked it best that way, hard and fast, and Steve liked it like that too. He loved Tony, and the knowledge that no one else got to touch him, to see him like this, was unbelievably satisfying.
“…Pick me up?” Tony asked before he could help himself. He’d meant to say something a little more eloquent, or give an actual confirmation of his location, but he was a little busy fighting the massive lump in his throat, trying to stop his lower lip from wobbling as hot tears fell down his cheeks.
want to disappoint Steve, not really. He hoped he’d never disappoint Steve, ever. He knew Steve didn’t particularly like Tony’s way of having fun, the way he behaved at his father’s parties, but he obviously tolerated it, or else this whole thing would be going differently. Steve was in charge here, but he knew Tony was enjoying it, despite how frustrating it was. He knew they both needed it this way, that negotiations made in bed were more reliable than those while clothed(at least in their case.) It was always when Tony was coming undone like this that he could be persuaded easier, that his confidence took a step back and left him more malleable.
of my continued existence.”
“We’re on it.” Having assessed the situation and clearly deeming Tony less than a threat, the redhead herds the other three people out of the lab, Man-Bun giving Tony a sharp look before he leaves.
“No one’s saying it is, Steve.” Bucky holds his hands up in surrender. “All we’re doing is asking you to be cautious. You barely know the guy, we don’t want you doing, or saying, anything stupid.”
Tony smiles up at him, and Steve beams back because he always does when Tony smiles at him. Tony reaches up and tugs at his shirt, so Steve climbs over the back of the couch and settles on top of him, bracing himself on his arms.
“I love you.”
“We will.” Tony looks over to Steve to find him leaning against the wall, a fond smile on his face. “What?”
“No, it’s all fine. Actually,” Tony closes his eyes briefly, “Can you say it again?”
“Why? What’s going on?” Tony stumbles back, almost tripping over the benches and boxes that litter the unused lab. “Yinsen, what’s happening?”
“Steve. Just Steve.” He holds out his hand to shake, and the man takes it with a hand rougher than Steve expected, with what feels like some very interesting calluses.
“I know, Tony. I wish I knew how to help, but I don’t. I don’t think anyone has ever had this problem before, but we could always ask Cosmo.”
Steve stares at the card, grumbles about traitors and betrayals of years of friendship and gets up from the booth. He returns Bucky flipping him the bird in kind and walks towards the bar, shoulders hunched. Even after all these years, he still feels like he should only be five foot four.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony hides his face in Steve’s neck as he blushes. “No one’s ever said that before.”
“Hey.”
Natasha always seems to find him when he’s trying to be small and quiet. The times when he can’t sleep for seeing Yinsen, the countless people hurt by his company’s weapons, even Pepper, all hurt and bleeding behind his eyelids. She sits with him quietly and sometimes breaks out the good vodka. Sometimes, though, it’s just cocoa.
” Tony sets the box back down and pulls Yinsen into a tight hug. He’s definitely not crying, there’s probably just rain coming in through a window. Even though they’re in a basement. It could happen. “Thank you. I’ve never – just, thank you.” Yinsen grips him back just as tightly, and Tony lets himself enjoy it just for a second before he pulls away.
Steve’s breath catches in his throat because what Tony’s saying sounds dangerously like forgiveness.
“Jarvis, full work up please, and cross reference the prototype scan with the current connection sites in the reactor port. Generate a plan for modifying the current prototype to best fit with ports and configure the ports for highest power conservation.”
“Because, Anthony, there’s still something I need from you.” And with that, Obadiah shifts his aim and shoots Yinsen in the head.
“Yes, Tony, of course. What can I do?”
? And what is
“Yes, Sir. And Sir, I must say, it’s good to see you improving.”
I really like Tony. He makes me happy, he makes me laugh, and when I’m around him I can forget about being on the night shifts. I’m being safe, I promise. So, when you find his file and read every word, don’t tell me. I want to learn that stuff when he wants to tell me, not before.”
And so we begin fixing things
“Thank you, Jarvis, for answering a question I didn’t ask.” Tony rolls his eyes. “The point is, there are certain philosophers that would argue that I’m not even fully human, and others who would say that I’m a freak of nature – “
towards Yinsen, still bent over his papers.
“What, Tony?”
“After-? Tony, you’re not going anywhere, you need medical attention-“
” Yinsen’s eyes are alight behind his wire-frame spectacles, he looks decades younger when he speaks, gesturing excitedly with his hands. “Very light, very durable, and an enormous capacity for redistributing and resonating with power. Now, this is not the kind of thing that people keep in stock, they are afraid that it is too difficult to control. And, since your current model regulator uses a liquid, you would need a different containment and consumption mechanism. But!” He turns and types at his tablet, and another schematic opens on screen, one of Tony’s from when he was playing with alternate metallic power source to kick his zydrate dependence. “If we fabricate something based on this design,
Steve looks to Coulson and receives a brisk nod before following Tony out, placing himself between Tony and the rows of reporters shouting for his attention. He feels naked without his shield, but Pepper felt that the sleek black suits they’re all sporting, rather than their old gear, would send a better message. He follows Tony into the elevator, and as the doors close Tony releases a tense sigh.
Tony snorts. “Yeah, okay. Only you could paint me as such a giving soul. Everyone else would say it was selfishness.”
Tony lines up the reactor with the edges of his current port and braces himself. “Now you’re going to push, until you really feel it click.” He looks Steve in the eye, then quickly away. “It’s going to hurt me before it helps. It’s fine, just keep going.”
you?” For an assassin, Steve looks awfully horrified at the prospect of Tony dying.
He and Yinsen hobble into the elevator, and Tony braces him against the wall in order to free an arm to press the button for Pepper’s office. He takes out his tablet and reopens the files he abandoned earlier. He uses a finger to sign in the authorization box, and hovers over the send button. Tony looks up and makes eye contact with a very bleary Steve through the closing doors, holding it until he’s out of sight and the slight movement of the elevator indicates that they’re moving. He sighs and presses ‘send’, because no matter what they’ve done, even who and what they are, no one deserves this.
“Routine hardware updates, slipping it into the fine print. They’re going to label it as a way to protect the investment, making sure that people who really deserve the service can access it.” Phil rolls his eyes. “As if some people are more deserving of healthcare.”
Tony brings his hands up in surrender with slow, deliberate movements. “Obie, please. You know I’m not going anywhere, you don’t need a gun.”
“Oh, I’m fairly sure I do. We need to have a talk, Anthony, about your lack of focus these past few months. You’ve lost your edge, my boy.”
“Please, don’t worry for me.” He taps the boxes, “If these work the way they should, it will have been worth it. Be
“Is that your new favorite word?”
good, even. Yeah, they fight, but honestly, what couple doesn’t? Steve doesn’t think he should be spending over 36 hours in the workshop, Tony sometimes chafes under Steve’s possessiveness.
“Hi.” Clint lets his momentum flip him off the bunk to land on his feet, and turns to survey his visitor, crossing his arms over his chest. “What’re you doin’ here?”
Having a team is both better and worse than he thought it would be.
“You were upset last week, ‘cause it was Bucky’s birthday? You get all quiet and more tactile than usual when you’re sad and thinking about the skinny Steve years. But you said you missed him, and you wished he was remembered by more people. Said that he was a war hero too, and that he should be remembered as much as you are. So I looked into it, and it’s actually really easy to set up scholarships, you just need a fund and a name. Pepper set it up, took care of the paperwork.” Tony forces his hands to stop flying around, they always become more expressive when he got nervous. “And I can undo it if you want, but it’s kind of a late birthday present to Bucky. The James Buchanan Barnes Memorial Scholarship.”
“Hey. Are you back with me?”
It’s four months later that Tony finds himself falling backwards over the back of the couch.
“About fifteen percent, sir,” Jarvis interjects from Tony’s pocket.
“Jesus!” Tony spins around and presses a hand over his – well, not heart exactly. The metal over his heart. “You could kill a guy, sneaking up on people like that.”
and surges back up to kiss Tony, all teeth and heat. They stay on the couch, kissing and enjoying the closeness until Clint bursts in with-
Steve doesn’t know what to do with his hands, with his body, he’s got too much nervous energy, so he gets up and starts pacing across the small patch of grass where they sit. “No, Tony, I wouldn’t. You didn’t ask for any of that. What your father did, what Obadiah did, none of that could have been your fault. I don’t think you can be made to answer for their crimes, especially not for what they made you do as a fucking child. They kept you in a cage, which is a crime in itself, and forced you to be their golden goose, using your health to keep you contained. You had no choice, you were just trying to stay alive.”
Also, please heed the updated tags! It gets a bit rough in this one.
“Well, probably not the kind you want. Those too, of course. But mainly, I wish I had punched Howard when I had the chance.”
Bucky and Clint share a glance, and Bucky sighs. “Listen, I don’t know Tony like you do, and I don’t want to know Tony like you do, but from what I do know, he doesn’t seem like the type to appreciate people deciding what’s best for him. Especially after being shut away for the last ten years.”
Not that he thinks anything is going to happen. There’s nothing left in him that anyone would want, except his brain. And that’s pretty safe where it is. Maybe that’s why he likes Steve so much, because he genuinely doesn’t want anything except maybe another conversation at this absolute dive of a bar. Maybe Steve just wants to hang out with some random guy, get to know him a little, maybe be friends.
“We will now take a few questions.” As the hands fly into the air, Pepper gestures gracefully to a young reporter.
Steve blinks. “What?”
“Now, I’ve just shot a man. I’m going to go have a drink,” She looks Tony over and then gives Steve a critical side-eye, “And take Tony off your hands. I assume someone in this room knows how to dispose of a body?”
Steve nods and chokes out, “
“Specialty weapons requests for repossession officials are streamlined, marked as high priority but low revenue yield. They’re generally deemed not important enough for you to bother with, it’s not likely you would have encountered them. But what they look like isn’t important, it’s what they’re made of.”
Which, it turns out, is not such a serious diagnosis when your father’s company makes replacement organs. Livers, kidneys, stomachs, hearts, all replaceable when you have Howard Stark’s mind and resources. Word on the street is that there isn’t a single piece of Anthony Stark that remains from the original model, save his brain. (They haven’t yet come up with a substitute for that.) A different whisper on the street says Anthony didn’t want any of the upgrades given to him by his father. They say he protested the entire time, that he would have rather been left to die than to be made synthetic. Rumor is that’s why they called him “I.R.O.N. Man” before - well, before.
improved on, to improve efficiency and reduce waste. Howard just wanted to make sure that after all the upgrades, my organs had enough power to keep them going, he didn’t seem too concerned with the poison his creation would be spewing into my body.” There might be a slight tinge of bitterness in his voice, which is probably the reason behind Yinsen’s quick sympathetic look.
Then, Tony closes his eyes, and for the first time in a long, long time, he lets the tears fall.
A backhand to the jaw cuts off Tony’s heated diatribe and he tastes blood.
“No?”
Steve can hear shuffling from where he’s got his face pressed back into his knees. He looks up again to find Tony back where he was, a tarp now covering the chair entirely. “Better?”
Thanks for reading <3
The door slides open again and Bucky and Natasha hurry through the door, Bucky immediately kneeling next to Steve and engulfing him in the kind of hug Steve’s been craving. He pulls back after a minute and puts a hand on the back of Steve’s neck, looking him straight in the eye. “How fucked up did everything get?”
“How is this going to fly with patients? It’s going to scare people, and scared people are more likely to run.”
“Yeah, uh.” Steve blushes, Tony’s eyes are very warm, and this is not what he thought he was getting into coming over here. “I’m gonna- I’ve gotta get back to them, you have no idea what they can get up to when I’m not there.”
Bucky and Clint share a quick look, taking Steve by the arms and sitting him down on a bunk. Steve has a passing thought to struggle against their hold, but it doesn’t seem worth it.
Steve musters up a strained smile. “Thanks, Buck.”
Tony flops down onto the grass, unconcerned with the designer suit he’s covering with grass stains. Steve continues to stand stiffy by the entrance to the elevator, hands clasped behind him.
“So if you don’t make payments, they can kill you from anywhere?” Clint shouldn’t be horrified, especially with his job description, but it all just seems so
Damn it, he’s terrified.
understand that complex computer programming doesn’t just
Clint catches the bouncy ball he’d been throwing against the wall (it’s a point of pride that he hits the same place over and over again, there’s a little indentation in the wall where the rubber had made a lasting impression over time) and looks over to the source of the voice. From upside down on the bunk, the man leaning in the doorway is just a tall drink of water in a suit, but he is a tall drink of water who Clint is intimately familiar with.
“Stop making me laugh.” He bites down on a smile. “I’m pretty sure you had something else in mind by bringing me out here.”
“Yeah?” Steve’s eyes light up when Tony nods, “I love you.”
“Sir.” She takes her leave before she does something she will regret and goes to begin a termination notice for whoever is unlucky enough to be on Stane’s kill list.
“What?” Steve pulls back and looks offended at the very thought. “No one?”
“Um. No? I mean, I was kind of a bratty kid, and I fucked things up with Pepper before we ever got to that point, so it just never… came up?”
He’s walking back to their table in the back when he hears, “You might, if you look hard enough.” He looks back over his shoulder and sees Tony watching him walk away. He raises his glass in return and turns back around, a bit of a spring in his step. He gets back to the table and notices that they’re all staring at him, and Steve sighs.
Tony’s smile turns into more of a grimace, and he looks down at his hands, twisting the wrench in his grip. “Yeah, they’ve got me set up special. I think they’re trying to reduce property damage, the cowards.” Something inside of the robot sparks and pops, making Steve jump while Tony just frowns at it before diving back in.
He just hadn’t realized that Steve felt the same way. That Steve loved him.
“You’re back,” Bucky looks up from a tablet he’s reading from, “Thought you said you’d be another hour.”
“What do you want to know?” Steve motions to Darcy slightly awkwardly, like he’s never ordered a drink before. Tony rests his chin in his hand and his gaze sweeps over Steve entirely, his expression settling into something a little more serious before he says:
“Nothing. He took a bit getting used to, your imaginary friend,” Steve makes a vague motion at the ceiling, “But now it’s just. Very you.”
“Of course.” The entire back of Tony’s neck is pink now, and he goes back to fiddling with something on his lab bench. He looks up and whatever expression Steve has on his face makes him duck his head again and throw an old towel at Steve’s face. “Stop looking at me like that. I would have found you and fixed you up, and you wouldn’t have had to do anything you didn’t want to.”
They’re sitting in Central Park on a gorgeous summer day, surrounded by families also enjoying the lovely weather and pretending not to recognize them. Steve was sitting on the blanket with Tony reclining next to him, balling up pieces of paper napkin and throwing them so they got caught in Tony’s hair. Tony had been rambling about something and Steve was laughing at something he said, silhouetted against the afternoon sun. He looked so happy and bright, so different than the man who had come out of the ice, and Tony was so proud of him. So proud that he was strong enough to admit that he was hurting, that he sought out help from his teammates, and that he had finally accepted that even though they were gone, his people and his time would always be a part of him.
“What?” Steve whips his head around from where he’d been surveying the other patrons in the bar. “Why? I don’t drink.”
Steve turns at the movement in his peripheral vision to find Bucky tossing him his shield, the rest of his team ready to go. He stares in surprise.
That’s not Pepper. That’s Obadiah Fucking Stane.
Steve laughs, and that’s even more beautiful than when Jarvis first spoke, more addictive than the glow of zydrate, and more exhilarating than almost anything Tony’s ever experienced. “No, I’m just – glad you let me bother you at all hours.”
“Do you eavesdrop on everyone’s orders, or am I special?”
“So? Same system, just different materials. Shouldn’t have anything to do with us.”
(It was fine, he will tell himself later, because he didn’t want to interact with the masses anyway. And really, who needs a drunk for a father, he’ll say as he pours a drink.)
“Tony?” He opens a single eye and focuses blearily on Pepper. “What are you going to do?”
“What? Obviously we weren’t going to let you go up there alone. That guy looks fucking crazy.” Bucky shakes his head in disappointment. “And since you won’t leave it be, we’re coming with you to save your boyfriend’s ass.”
The blade makes little noise as it slices through skin, flesh, and sinew. The predator’s movements are perfunctory, there is little flash or joy in his practice, he would seem almost reluctant or bored if his face were visible through the mask he wears. Unenthusiastic though he may be, he is not squeamish or hesitant and the job is done quickly. The young man’s liver and heart are removed with as little mess as possible, a syringe is inserted into his vein and fills, shining with a glowing blue serum, and his body is left for the morning collection.
Kind of?
“You think I’m the figurehead, boy? You’re the one who disappeared and no one in the entire city noticed. Did you know that? There wasn’t a single missing person report filed, no one contacted the police, concerned that you weren’t there, because no one cared. The only part of you that’s ever been worth anything is this.” Obadiah taps a single finger against the reactor and Tony flinches. “Though, it is still imperfect. I know you still haven’t found a solution to the zydrate issue, but no matter. It’ll just up demand, and we’ve cornered that market. So really, there isn’t a single thing that I still need you for. Besides your last gift, the rest of you is just…waste.” And Obadiah pushes down and twists, then pulling the reactor core, still glowing a brilliant blue and flushed with zydrate, out of Tony’s chest.
And his ripper turned protector? He learns to embrace the more sedate aspects of his job, and finds enjoyment in the sweeter things in life, like the gorgeous inventor who now shares his bed. He’s still a leader in his own way, but he no longer shuts a part of himself away each night.
He can’t tell her why he’s choosing the suit over her, but she knows. Pepper always understands.
-----
Everything goes still and quiet in the wake of the gunshot, the flash of red and the way Yinsen slumps completely in the chair the only things that Tony is capable of focusing on. Time speeds back up to a normal rate as Tony’s cry of anguish tears through his chest and out his mouth in a strangled yell. He crumples over the desk, barely staying upright, and his breathing goes shallow. He can hear, as if from a long distance, footsteps coming closer and a hand fastens in his collar. He is pulled upright and thrown backwards onto the desk. Tony looks up into Obie’s cold face, twisted and unrecognizable, and spits in it.
you’re not a freak. How can you say that?”
Pepper is rolling her eyes when he removes the towel from his head, “We had a meeting scheduled, Tony, I’m not here unexpectedly.”
“Are you planning on joining me or am I gonna to have to drag you?”
Tony ducks his head and can feel his ears getting hot, “What the fuck does that mean?”
“Because of all those things!” Steve would feel bad for shouting, but he's had enough. “Because he had to watch me attack his friend, because someone he once cared very much about almost
College is everything you’d expect, being a sixteen-year-old in an adult’s world. He fights too hard to be recognized, he speaks too loud to make sure he’s heard, and while he’s a genius in the laboratory, he gets lost in trying to navigate the social parts of the college experience. Tony tries too hard to impress, tries to be a part of everything, and only ends up hunched over the toilet in someone’s apartment with another guy he doesn’t know patting his back.
“Says the guy who was just nearly murdered,” Tony grumbles, pressing gauze against the cut to stop the bleeding, “But fine. I’ll look both ways before crossing the street and everything.”
“Yeah, we, uh.” Clint scratches at the back of his head. “We’re pretty sure we got fired.”
“Sit, sit.” Tony flaps a hand vaguely in the direction of the couch and Steve takes it as the invitation is represents. “If you’re going to be hanging about, you might as well be comfortable.”
“As I’m ever going to be.” Even braced for the pain, electricity still lances white-hot in his veins as the reactor slides into place. When it settles into place with a solid click, Tony is paralyzed with the amount of power ricocheting through his system. He blinks white spots out of his eyes and looks up into the face he’s spent afternoons trying not to memorize, breathing more deeply. “Well? Did I die?”
He must shift because Tony’s intense focus switches to him, and Steve briefly feels pinned before his gaze gentles, and they both feel the release of some measure of tension that had been hanging in the air.
way) He’s loud, boisterous, basically a golden retriever in human form. But he tries to help however he can, and he’s always the first to rush into a fight. The amount of hits he’s taken for all of them is ridiculous, and Tony would offer to upgrade his armor in thanks if he didn’t think it would grievously offend him.
“Yeah, Tony. Thanks.” He shakes himself and maneuvers up onto the couch, head in his hands. The old springs in the couch squeak again, and there’s a warm weight pressed against Steve’s side.
“If there’s one thing I can count on, it’s Steve doing something stupid for love.”
“What? Yeah, I guess so.” Steve shrugs. “I mean, it was worth it at the time. And it’s not- I know people who have it way worse than me. My friend, she was basically bought out of this horrible human trafficking ring, so they’ve got her for life too, and she had no one ‘til she found us. And Cl – her other friend, he was deafened in an explosion when working a job with his brother, they rebuilt his ears and fixed his legs, so he’s with us too. It’s not so bad. We’re like family, we’re all we’ve got, and we’re all we need.” He’s rambling, trying to do something to assuage the awful guilty, haunted expression on Tony’s face.
“Aren’t you even a
In less time than expected, Phil and Clin burst into the bunkroom with a palpable air of menace, despite the fact that they’re both in pajamas. Clint clutching his bow, and Phil similarly armed with a tablet. They both relax a little when they see that Steve is unharmed, and Phil approaches slowly.
Steve stares at the legal document that has given him back a future. “Who authorized this? I can’t imagine Obadiah giving us up that easily.”
“Yeah?”
” Tony shouts, slamming fists down on the console, and then flinching as the word leaves his mouth. On the screen, the shield ricochets off of the wall and glances against Yinsen’s temple, a softened blow that still leaves him slumped over the table.
“I wasn’t sure, and I had work – I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.” Steve shrinks in on himself, and it’s bizarre how small he can make himself seem, for such a large man.
Shit begins to hit the fan.
“Hi yourself,” Steve kisses the tip of his nose, “Are you alright? I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “Thank you so very much. Now, I’m late, and I still have to pick up lunch. So if you’ll excuse me – “ He gives them a quick wave before he walks away.
“At once, sir.” The dentist-chair/torture machine in the corner of the lab buzzes gently, mechanical arms stretching and readying for the procedure. Tony loads the vial into the insertion arm, and settles into the chair, calling up the holographic control display. Normally he wouldn’t allow anyone to fuck around with his body (heh), but he built this system himself, and with Jarvis operating, there’s no one he trusts more.
Phil’s sigh is half pleasure and half resignation, and he pushes Clint further into the bunk room, so the door slides shut silently behind them.
Jarvis brings the lights up so Tony can settle Yinsen in Pepper’s chair and grab the first aid kit from her desk.
“You improved, yes, but it still wasn’t perfect. Zydrate was never going to be a sustainable option, so I’ve had come up with something cleaner to use.” Yinsen pulls up some files on the projection screen, old weapons schematics. He sees guns and a prosthetic arm, knives, a bow, some kind of shield?
Tony nods. “I hit him in the head with a fire extinguisher.” Pepper’s laugh could pass for a sob, and it startles a chuckle out of Tony too. “He went down like a bag of rocks.” Suddenly they’re giggling in the elevator, all the way to Tony’s lab. They stumble out and collapse on the lab couch, Tony only wincing a little at the jostling. They both ignore the tears streaming down each other’s faces with extreme dignity.
Quiet footsteps approach, barely audible until they’re just outside the door. It slides open, and Tony holds his breath for the few seconds it takes the monster to cross the threshold. In a quick, reflexive movement, Tony brings the fire extinguisher up over his head, and down on to the back of the Repossession Man’s skull.
“Okay first, ew.” Clint says, after a brief pause, “Second, does that mean you’re just gonna sit here with us and give up on fixing your relationship?”
“Stop what?”
’?” Tony makes a similar motion and sits forward with something like fire in his eyes. “Who is
At the beginning it was hard to separate the man from the image, which led to the fighting like mad and spitting barbs meant to wound, Tony punishing Steve for the standards his father set for him and Steve still too raw from losing his whole world to even consider reaching out. The fighting got to be so constant that they were locked in the pantry by Natasha with instructions to JARVIS not to let them out until they talked through their shit. After The Pantry Incident, things got better. It wasn’t easy, but through training together, and awkward nightmare talks at four in the morning when they both “just happened to be up”, they grew closer than anyone ever thought they would.
“Yes, and I’m starting to see why he left. The man is impossible to work with, and this coming from me.” She finishes her drink, sets the glass down gently and taps her nails on the table-top. “I would almost rather be out on call, it’s only so long before his obstinance drives me to violence.”
“Oh? Pray tell, blondie, what did I get wrong?”
Tony smiles a little. “He did. He always will. But I think he’d be proud with the direction we’re going in, and that’s what is really important.” He stares at their clasped hands. “So. A lot of therapy.”
making out like teenagers despite being grown ass adults, but it is how they spend a fair amount of time.
Steve shakes his head mutely. Phil frowns in response and clicks through some screens on the tablet. “I can see that your mark is still alive, did something go wrong?”
“Go to hell, all of you.”
“Good. Open this.” He pushes the prototype towards Steve, and it’s almost laughable how easily Steve pops open the cap, twisting and pushing at the same time. Tony wishes he had the breath left to sigh dramatically. “Now, put this in there.”
“Ugh, Steve, really? If you’re my bodyguard you’re supposed to be guarding my body.” He looks over at Steve’s unimpressed expression and sighs at him. “Just get your ass over here, Rogers. We need to talk.”
“Nope! No, absolutely not. How could anyone be here, I’m a princess in a tower, locked up with no one allowed to visit.” He looks over his shoulder and sees Steve stepping out. “Love you, bye.”
“Right. Of course, you all do.” Pepper opens a drawer of Obie’s desk and takes out what appears to be a hellishly expensive bottle of bourbon. “I’m taking Tony to get medical attention. I will see you all in my office tomorrow morning at ten, not a minute before, and we will figure out what the fuck we’re doing with this company.” She slides an arm around Tony and takes him out of Steve’s hold. Her face does something complicated when she looks between them, and Tony doesn’t protest when she leads him out of the office.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake.” It appears Tony has finally reached his limit, and Pepper acquiesces the podium to him with a practiced sidestep and a sigh.
“Don’t
“My edge? My
“Yeah, yep. I know exactly what I can and cannot do, thank you.” He turns away from her, he will not entertain that expression in his lab. No. Where the fuck is – he finds the crate of blue vials under a table, right where he left them “I’ll look over the plans and get them back to you soon. Will that be all, Ms. Potts?”
James Rhodes, once he puts a name to the comforting back rub, is the first person who ends up sticking around. He even sticks around to endure the abuse of a massively hungover Tony, begging for coffee and death by turn. He sticks around because he can remember how it felt to be the new kid, and every time he looks at Tony he can see himself, bouncing around from school to school as a military brat. He can remember how lonely it is to have no one in your corner, and knows how easily lost and lonely people can self-destruct. So James stays, awkwardly declines the offer of a thank you blowjob from this probably still drunk kid, (and decides not to think too hard about why a kid only sixteen offers blowjobs so easily) and earns himself a place by Tony Stark, current wunderkind and future genius.
He knows that what he feels for Tony goes beyond fleeting attraction or even casual affection. There’s something that’s
“I – pardon?”
Pepper enters his life at the best possible time, which also happens to be the low point of his entire life.
He’s almost calm, at least until he looks Tony’s way again, at which point Steve’s stomach ends up in his throat. Standing on Pepper’s right, Tony himself looks wired, his smile a little too wide, his eyes too tight and anxious. What Steve really wants is to be able to go to him and smooth away the stress with a joke or just a nudge, and the knowledge that he can’t is like a physical ache.
Steve nods enthusiastically. “
know that. I wouldn’t put you all in danger like that, no matter what.”
“Hi, Tony. You ready?” Goddammit, Steve's puppy eyes do it to him every time. Absolutely worth the lecture he’s going to get from Pepper later for hanging up on her.
The past months of Tony’s life flash before him. Steve’s laugh, the little snort he makes when he knows he shouldn’t be laughing but just can’t help it, his smile, more addictive than any drug Tony’s ever tried. How warm he is, how just being near him made Tony forget that he was a dead man to the world because to Steve he was
The best part is just not being
“No, but there’s a cute guy at the bar who’s been sneaking looks at you, and it’s been too long since you spoke to another human being.” He opens his mouth to protest and she cuts him off with a look. “Not counting people at work or one of us.”
“Too soon? Okay, too soon.” The smile is back on Tony’s face, only a hint of shadow showing it was ever gone. “But I want to give this a shot. I’m – I’m pretty stupidly gone over you, and that’s not changing anytime soon.”
He can’t remember his mom at all, so of course he wouldn’t remember if she told him she loved him. She died in a car accident when he was barely one, and from the way he acted, Howard probably wished Tony had gone with her.
“She’s right.” Steve stares at Bucky, who just shrugs. “When’s the last time you had a conversation with someone not connected to your work?”
him, Clint is going to lose his goddamn mind.
He goes back to the smaller lab to grab his new power source and reactor, taking them out of their boxes and stashing them on his person. He kneels next to the Repo Man and starts pulling the mask off. If he can get their face clear for Jarvis’ facial recognition, he can find and punish this son of a bitch for hurting Yinsen,
“There was an accident, Yinsen got hurt. I’m trying to stop the bleeding; can you call for medical attention?” He throws away the soaked cloth and reaches across the desk for the additional gauze, but he freezes at the soft click of a gun cocking.
He taps a screen in front of him, emphasizing points on his list, then sighs and turns away. “Nothing, Ms. Rushman, thank you. I’ll need you to send a note to Pepper to reach out to her contact in Research and Development, inquire about the timeline of adding satellite tracking to the automatic failure software, and set up a skeleton patent application, I don’t want to have to wait around for the paperwork.”
“Oh, shit.” Steve winces, and looks over Bucky’s shoulder at the tablet at the unlucky person. Ho Yinsen, apparently a senior engineer for the company, is a spectacled, gentle looking man. No one ever deserves being put on their list, in Steve’s opinion, but he can’t imagine this man doing anything that would warrant Natasha’s attention. Then again, it’s not in Steve’s job description to question why certain people are on their list and questioning whether the list is really for the good of the people
“There have been rumors –“
This is high praise, particularly from Natasha. “I can take him, if you want.”
(And he has it on good authority that he is the only one who is intimately familiar with this particular suit, thank-you-very-much)
“Every day is full of surprises.” Tony claps his hands together excitedly. “Show me, show me!”
Everyone in the room but Tony nods.
“First, I’m not drinking these by myself. They’re for my friends.” He gestures towards their table, where his friends are all sitting – with their drinks. He looks back to the bar, suspiciously empty, then back at the table, where Clint is shaking his head at him from across the room, and Tasha is looking incredibly disappointed at his observational skills.
“You’re too good to me. Anything you could want, you have it. You want an island? I’m pretty sure I have the capital to get you an island.”
“Phil, there are always rumors.” Clint groans, pulling Phil against him again. “They’ve got rumors for every day of the week, it doesn’t mean they mean anything.”
Phil and Natasha share an uneasy look. Phil sighs and looks at Steve in something like sympathy, or pity. “That’s the particularly…problematic part.”
“You’ve got, what, a double vodka, two beers, and a rum and coke all for you? I mean, you’re a big guy, but that still seems like a lot to handle all by yourself.” He’s a little offended, but the man’s eyes are teasing, and Steve’s surprised gape turns into a half a smile.
Steve sighs. “I’m sorry about that. It looks like – it reminded me –“ he shakes his head again, like a dog trying to get water of its ears – “I got to know a chair like that real well when they did this.” He waves an absent hand over his self and catches Tony’s confused look. “And again, when Bucky lost his arm.”
“Never knew you were one to fish for compliments.” But Steve’s teasing grin fades to something achingly real and impossibly soft. “You’re so
“Everything.”
“Ridiculous? Impulsive, foolhardy?” Phil raises an eyebrow. “Sound like anyone you know?”
...once again, I'm sorry.
------
Steve holds the tablet gently and looks again over the kind, intelligent face, next to a man’s entire life, packed into a short, bulleted list of facts. He waves his team out of the room, Natasha reluctantly snug under Bucky’s metal arm and Clint already texting Phil on his communicator. He takes a few deep breaths and starts to put on his gear.
Phil sighs and opens a file on the tablet before handing it over. “We received this a few minutes before we got your signal. The reason we arrived so quickly is because we were already on our way to find you when you sent it.”
His team learns to adjust as well. Some stay on at Stark Industries, and some disappear into the shadows. The archer becomes a landlord and guards his tenants like family. His bureaucrat boyfriend loves their home away from the Tower and enjoys a more equal work-life balance.
“No, hey, if you’re back, you’re coming out with us.” Bucky swings his legs over the side of the bed and levers himself up to standing with the help of a gleaming metal arm. He stretches and reaches for his battered bomber jacket. “Tasha and Clint found a speakeasy nearby, and we’ve barely seen you all week. I’ll drag you if I have to.”
. Steve, with his morning bedhead and the way he can never remember to throw his socks in the laundry basket. Steve, who always takes his leftovers home, who never fails to try to make the little kids smile when they’re at the next table over in restaurants. The man who can memorize a map in less than ten seconds, but took three months to use the toaster out of pure stubbornness.
“You didn’t ask for my opinion, but I believe you look nice. I’m sure your friend will be very pleased.”
He steps back and lets the monster rise.
“Not enough time.” Yinsen’s face has gone deathly pale. “I thought I would have more but…no matter.” He takes both boxes and shoves them into Tony’s arms before pushing Tony through the door to the adjoining lab.  “Stay here. No matter what you hear, you cannot leave this room. And please, stay quiet.”
“No one has seen him for years, true.” Natasha gives him a significant look. “No one has reported seeing him for years. But suddenly you start seeing a brilliant inventor, tell him of your troubles, and now we’re released from our contracts?”
“I’m legally obligated to tell you that this is an absolutely terrible idea.”
Because it’s those who can’t that this predator stalks. People who have fallen behind, who can no longer afford the organs so generously loaned to them by Obadiah Stane (for Anthony Stark disappeared from the public eye many years ago now, such a tragedy for one so young).
Tony closes his eyes and smiles, perfectly content to be slightly squished into the couch, because he is
They seem to understand the part of him that’s still searching for redemption. Clint is good at distracting him, distracting the both of them really, and dragging him out of the lab when it’s really been too long. He comes up with ridiculous specifications for arrows and outrageous robots he suddenly needs. It lets Tony blow stuff up in the name of progress, so he’s a keeper.
“I love you too.”
Tony dumps the boxes somewhere and goes over to the darkened terminal, which he awakens with a few keystrokes. It’s actually almost harder to get it running again than it is to let himself into the camera system, and he’s treated to a multi-camera view of the lab he was just forced out of, where Yinsen is packing away the blueprints that remain spread out on tables while the door to the outer hallway shakes in his hinges.
Pepper crosses to the podium again and places a gentle hand on Tony’s arm. “Mr. Stark will be taking no more questions. We’ll be sending out more press releases later in the week, but for now we thank you for your time.” Tony barely stays until the end of her sentence, walking briskly away and off the stage.
“Then all you need is the power source.” Tony turns and puts his hands together in mock supplication. “Please tell me you used your magic powers to locate my salvation.”
“What the fuck–“
The predator packs his harvest away in the same small cooler, cleaning the blade and storing it before swinging the case and his other tool over his shoulder. He strides down the alley with shoulders slightly hunched, making no noise as he moves through the maze of New York streets. He moves quickly and without fear, he is the most dangerous thing on the streets tonight.
There’s a shove to his shoulder, and he tips with it, more for effect than anything. “Would have been better if someone had, then we wouldn’t have you collapsing in the middle of my fucking lab.”
“Interesting.”
Oh. Steve
“Yinsen–“
Steve snorts again. “Stop that.”
“’When they did
Sorry for the delay! Hopefully it'll be once a week from now on
“Steve.”
“Sir?”
“Oh, well, this isn’t a rum and coke. Just soda, I don’t drink. I have a – uh, medical condition.”
He gives her all the focus he can, and she understands that it’s not in his nature to be single-minded. He has to go in ten different directions at once, and she completely gets it. She understands, and he tries, and they work. She understands him like no one ever has, mostly because after Rhodey left, no one ever tried. He knows he’s so lucky to have found someone to accept him, mad genius as he is.
Clint and Natasha still scare the shit out of him. But. In a good way.
“Buck, no, c’mon,” Steve definitely doesn’t whine, “I’m tired. I don’t want to go out. Plus, we’re on call tonight. We have to be on company property to respond if a new notice comes in.”
Just like that, all the confusion is gone. In its place, sitting brightly in his chest, is euphoria, a feeling he’s never felt anything like before. He is loved, someone loves him and it’s Steve, Captain
The movement sets each of Tony’s nerve endings on fire while flooding his veins with ice water. He blacks out from the sheer intensity of the pain and comes back to reality to see Obadiah holding the cylindrical object up, inspecting all the wires that have been ripped loose. The weight on his chest intensifies, breathing a now near impossible task, and he falls down to the floor against the desk while Obadiah watches.
“…I still love him. I didn’t know I could love someone so much, and I don’t know what to do with that, not with everything I’ve seen.”
” Oh, Tony was planning on staying calm but that’s clearly not a realistic goal. At the very least, he starts shuffling to the right, away from where Yinsen. “For the last decade, I’ve managed to produce every single thing you’ve demanded. All your crazy orders for cutting-edge technology every other week, every single fucking thing you’ve wanted I’ve made reality because you made it a
“Was I? I must have lost track, I was waiting for someone.” He recovers enough to send Steve a wink, to watch that blush spread again. “I think I found him though.”
It’s a means of survival that Steve’s developed, letting the darkness fall around him. On nights like these, Steve Rogers lets everything go. The trusted friend, the brother, the lover, all that’s good in him is left to die.
“We were assessing the situation and trying to find a resolution with as little violence as possible.” Suit – Coulson, Tony thinks – looks particularly blank faced. And still pretty bad ass, even in flannel pajama bottoms. “Ms. Potts took matters into her own hands.”
-----
“After which you saved his life and then watched his other friend murder his former guardian and father figure who had stabbed him in the back. Which, honestly,” Clint leans over the edge of the bunk with stars in his eyes, “Was super badass. I’m a little in love.”
Quote by Axel Munthe.
(Clint knows Phil can’t resist how his arms look in his uniform, which is the unofficial reason behind many late-night visits to Coulson’s office.)
And it’s certainly better than sitting in the lab that’s been feeling incredibly claustrophobic as it’s gotten increasingly difficult not to jump Steve’s bones. He just…sits there, sketching or laughing or just talking and Tony just wants to go over and smush his face or something slightly less G-rated. It’s taken a significant amount of self-restraint not to act on the stupid feelings-type-definitely-not-love-thing he’s currently nurturing, only because he doesn’t want to fuck over the best friendship he’s never had.
“That agent that has you so distracted. What was his name? Steven?”
of his A.I. to let her in without notice.
“I’ve stayed late the past few weeks to monitor the development of the new satellite transmission software. We had a breakthrough, and I saw on the security cameras that there was a commotion in the laboratory space, so I came down to check on the situation myself. Is everything alright?” Obie steps forward, then a little to the right, like he’s trying to see what’s happening.
Tony leans in, interest piqued. “Nano-carbon fiber? Or maybe ceramic and para-aramid, I know we’ve been using that in prototypes for more durable upgrades.”
Steve scrolls through the notice, mostly legalese he doesn’t have the focus to decipher. “What does it mean?” he asks absently.
“Nothing.”
And with that thought, Steve Rogers finishes his night’s work and returns home.
“Love?” Natasha snorts.
“They’re not going to take you from me,” Phil murmurs against his hair, “I won’t let them. You’re the most important thing in my life, Clint, you have to believe that.”
“Because it’s true!” Tony fling his arms up, pieces of grass flying everywhere. “Everything I said at the press briefing, most of the things that reporters have said about me over the years – except the story about the bachelorette party and the goats, that was completely false – has been true.”
Steve looks up shyly and smiles. Look at that goddamn smile. That little grin is more real than any Tony’s seen in years, and that’s why he keeps coming back.
But there are other images flashing before him now. Photos he’s seen from the Repossession files, newspaper articles about the people who had been found dead, others that had simply disappeared.
Even with the earlier joke in the elevator, Steve still hadn’t thought that Tony would still be speaking to him. “Uh, well, as part of your security team, I should really– “
He’s not a complete dumbass, no matter what Bucky says. He knows something like this will change everything. He knows, too, that Tony’s not being completely truthful with him, either. He still hasn’t figured out exactly what Tony’s holding back but he’s not going to go snooping for it. Tony will tell him when he’s ready. He’s pretty sure it’s something along the lines of “I was sold to Stark Industries as a baby, learned shapes by reading blueprints, colors by playing with red and black wires, and didn’t see sunlight ‘til I was twenty.”
“I can’t just want to see you, Pep, my sunshine, moon of my life?”  Jarvis beeps a warning disapprovingly at him from the computer, blood toxicity above acceptable levels. Tony swears under his breath and looks around for where he left his zydrate. The stuff is awful, but it’ll keep him from dying for at least a little while longer, so it’s worth it.
“Yeah, no kidding.” He takes another sip of his drink. “What’s the second thing?”
