Eventually, Castiel got better. He went back to work and started driving Claire to school. He started cleaning the house and cooking on his own again. He smiled and laughed without that empty, haunted look in his eyes, and he stopped locking himself in his room for hours at a time. He played with Claire. He took better care of himself. He was OK. So Dean went home.
OK, the drive along a too-narrow gravel road, through the forest, in the dark, is a little creepy. Dean is 6’ 2”, 200 lbs, and he certainly knows how to fight, but he also watches a lot of horror movies. But then the road ends at an old cabin in a clearing, and it turns out that this is the house Cas grew up in. It’s empty, but it feels more sad than creepy. Eventually Cas tells him his mom died here, and that’s why he can’t bear to live here, even though it’s technically his house, now. He breaks down crying in Dean’s arms, and Dean is touched by his vulnerability. Dean’s mom died when he was young, too, so he can relate. They sit in the stairway and talk for a while, and then go back to Dean’s place. They end up sleeping together, Cas spends the night, and it’s kinda perfect.
Cas’s exceptionally good mood continues, inevitably rubbing off on Dean. They drive out to the fairgrounds, and Dean doesn’t even complain about having to park his beloved Impala in a field. They eat a bunch of carnival food, then decide to make a circuit of the games, hoping to walk off the corn dogs, churros, and fried dough before they risk getting on any rides.
Four days in, Sam and Dean were knee-deep in marshmallows, building a 3 foot tall version of the Acropolis of Athens. It shouldn’t have taken them 4 hours, but Dean kept eating their building materials. Watching his brother snip a marshmallow in half with (now, very sticky) scissors, Sam chuckled and arched one eyebrow. “You’re totally signing up next year, aren’t you?”
“Any time you feel like playing house?? Is THAT the kind of shit you pulled in college, Dean? Jesus, you’re lucky he even still talks to you, creepo!”
Next there was an androgynous looking white guy, who could have been anywhere from 19 to 34, singing “Born This Way” by Lady Gaga. The guy was obviously a little drunk, but a damn good performer, and the song was a big hit with the crowd. He reminded Dean of a skinnier Adam Lambert. Cas really liked him, too . . . which Dean did not fail to notice.
Jesus. “I’m just gonna . . . “ Dean calls out, as he proceeds to pick the lock. He’s just making sure Cas didn’t hurt himself, that’s all.
Jack’s face crumples, and he starts a little whine in the back of his throat, his breathing already sounding wetter, like the tears are queuing up. Cas is rubbing the little boy’s back and mumbling comforting words into his messy blond hair, and the poor man looks so tired.
Rowena wakes up to see Crowley's group text, and is appalled that Sam didn't give her the scoop on Castiel and Dean's budding romance.
“Of course I do. I heal him whenever he needs it, especially his liver and his heart.” Cas pauses with the tattoo machine and looks up at Madison, brows furrowed. “Dean still drinks too often and eats far too many bacon cheeseburgers, despite the fact that he’s no longer hunting and living on the road.”
The next 30 seconds seem to take about 100 years, to Castiel. Did Dean just say? That had to be a hypothetical example, right? Dean cannot be saying he’s . . . Nope. No way. Because if Dean’s not straight, then al this time, Cas could have had a shot? College? All these family dinners? That could be REAL?
The work goes well, and a month later, Cas invites Dean over for lunch, to see the finished product. It’s a Friday in May, and perfect weather for lunch on the patio. Cas took all of Dean’s suggestions, and certainly didn’t skimp on the materials. It makes Dean wonder if he should expand his own patio set-up. He has a top of the line grill, but maybe a nice built-in wet bar, with a little prep station? He wouldn’t go all-out like Cas, of course, with the range, the pizza oven and the mini-fridge. Dean’s house is not his forever home, after all. He’s holding out for a bigger place before he really goes all-in to customize things, but not until he meets the right person, starts a family, that sort of thing. Until then, his little two-bedroom house suits him well enough, but it can’t hurt to add a little resale value.
Dean scrunches up his face, trying to map Sam’s apparently random change of topics. “No? I was dating Cassie Robinson off and on for a couple of years. I hooked up here and there, but Cassie’s the only real relationship I had in school. Why?”
The kids barrel into him as soon as he reaches the door. Jack wraps himself around Dean’s leg like a koala and won’t let go, so Dean is forced to limp across the house to the kitchen, dragging one very heavy leg, and carrying Claire in one arm, groceries dangling from the other one. Cas takes one look at him and bursts out laughing; a long, loud laugh that overtakes his whole body. The kind that he very rarely gets from Cas. It’s beautiful.
Donna's birthday is in a few days, and she wants to go to a karaoke bar! Dean, Cas, and Sam happen to be on a case a few hours from Sioux Falls, so Jody texts Dean to try and convince him to go. He is . . . less than enthusiastic.
Playlist for the songs each character sang at Donna's karaoke birthday bash, in order of appearance.
. Cas never understood why people often dismissed Dean. Underneath the jokes and the bluster, he was protective, loyal, sensitive, perceptive, gentle, and he always tried to do right by people. He was just (if not always law-abiding), righteous (if not always proper), and kind (if not always nice).
Now, Dean’s first impulse with any issue is to solve the problem. He’s a fixer. It’s what makes him such a good Engineer. So without really intending to, Dean ends up offering to pick Jack up from daycare. Turns out, daycare is close to Dean’s office, and halfway between Dean and Castiel’s homes, so it’s kind of perfect. Cas is bowled over, but exceedingly grateful for the offer. He makes Dean a key, makes arrangements with the daycare staff, and on Tuesdays and Thursdays, Dean brings Jack home, makes him a snack, and hangs out until Cas and Claire get there.
While the two stared at each other, the MC called “Jack Winchester”, and Jack climbed up to stand before the microphone. He was still kind of beaming at Cas & Dean, even from the stage, as his song started. He launched into “I Won’t Give Up” by Jason Mraz, with a big, wistful smile on his face. He had a lovely, warm voice, and he sang to everyone in the audience, clearly connecting with every individual person. Maybe it was his grace, or maybe it was his exuberant charm, but nearly everyone in the bar was smiling by the time Jack finished his song.  One or two women were even a little teary-eyed. Claire and Alex wrapped Jack in a three-man hug before he could even sit down, and Dean squeezed his shoulder and ruffled his hair, as he excused himself from the table. Castiel reached out for his son’s hand, and said “Jack, that was beautiful. I’m very, very proud of you.” Jack blushed and sat down, smiling sheepishly. “You did so good, sweetie.” Jody added, rubbing his shoulders and looking like a proud mom.
Dean crosses his arms and juts his chin out, eyebrows spiking. “Dude, everyone flirts with your wife. She’s hot!” At that, Eileen flips her hair back over her shoulder, like she’s in a shampoo commercial, and bats her eyelashes at Sam, who scowls at her.
to come visit them.” Fair enough, Dean thought to himself. Jody belted out the first solo verse, in a clear, strong voice, then Jack took over, with a powerful tenor. They all joined in for the rest of the song, with Alex singing a gorgeous, long high note near the end. Sam was nearly bouncing in his seat with enthusiasm through the entire performance, and honestly, even Dean was impressed. But Cas, he looked genuinely moved. Dean couldn’t be entirely sure from the angle of his seat, but he was pretty sure Cas had tears in his eyes. He put a hand out to rest on Cas’s shoulder. “Hey sweetheart, you ok?” The angel turned his head a little, covering Dean’s hand with his own, nodding and smiling. “That was glorious. It reminded me of angels singing.” Dean’s eyebrows shot up at that. From anyone else, it might be a cliché, but coming from an actual Angel of the Lord, it was something else entirely.
“Well – and I realize I may regret asking this, but – if Cas only ever saw you with a girlfriend, and you two haven’t kept in touch over the years . . . how does he even know you’re Bi? Have you ever mentioned it?”
Castiel threw her a fond look, pulling on his gloves. “I don’t mind at all, Charlie. Zoe’s a wonderful young woman, with or without coffee.”
“I have no idea. She didn’t remember having a nightmare, just said she woke up and couldn’t get back to sleep. I sat up with her for two hours, the poor thing. She was exhausted this morning.”
Dean’s dinners become tradition, and Cas finds himself eagerly looking forward to Tuesdays and Thursdays. It feels like family, a real family, for the first time in years. If only Dean didn’t go home afterwards. It’s been so long since Cas had someone to actually go to bed with, he hardly remembers the feeling. Oh, he’s had sex a few times since Amelia died, but only hookups and one night stands here and there. He doesn’t have time for dating, and though he’d loved Kelly tremendously, there was never going to be anything physical there.
The goblin scowled. “The Steelers are not underdogs! They’ve won six Superbowls!” “Mmhmm, how many of those were in the last 40 years?” “What do you know? Human perspectives are too limited to appreciate historical trends. You only live for like, 20 minutes. Castiel, back me up here!”
Yeah, it’s OK. We have to wait for Crowley to get here before we can finish it off, otherwise he can’t get in.
This was Sam’s item, in which The Three Bears called the cops and Goldilocks got arrested. The Bears were played by Sam, Khalid, and Ryan (in borrowed bear suits from an old Halloween costume), Jess played Goldilocks, the cops were Kristina, Garth, and Zomo, and Zoe, Jenna, and Charlie played nosy neighbors.
He goes back to work, and goes to Sam & Eileen’s for dinner that night. Eileen asks about Cas and the kids, and though Dean tries to be cavalier in his explanation, he knows he sounds maudlin about losing the daycare and dinner routine. Eileen keeps giving him sympathetic glances, and pats on the hand, and Sam’s puppy dog eyes are in full effect. They both know how much he wants a family. Hell, they’re the only ones who know that Ben is the main reason he stayed with Lisa as long as he did. He wasn’t truly
When Dean’s dad was dying, Castiel changed his work schedule so he could help Dean care for him. When Cas went through a terrible breakup and his ex, Raphael, started stalking him, Dean gave the man a black eye and scared him away for good. When Dean was renovating his first house and accidentally electrocuted himself, Cas spent every night by his hospital bed, until he was cleared to go home.
“Maybe you should take it as an indication of just how badly you fucked up this time. You do kinda treat him like crap, Dean.” He finally asks Dean point-blank if he wants a relationship with Castiel going forward, and if so, what kind. They fight, of course (because Dean has a black belt in denial), but after a few minutes, Sam just sort of deflates. He shakes his head, his eyes wet, and takes a deep breath.
Claire, Alex, and Jody nearly climbed on top of each other, trying to read over one another’s shoulders. Sam, Dean and Jack debated potential song choices back and forth, with Dean scoffing at half their suggestions, then coming up with increasingly silly ideas for what Sam should sing. “Oooh! ‘Hit Me Baby One More Time’! Sammy, it’s perfect!” he choked out, barely able to breathe over his own laughter. Sam graced Dean with Bitchface #28 ™, and said, “You laugh like you don’t know every word to ‘Oops, I Did It Again’, jerk”. Dean’s face went abruptly pink, but his only rebuttal was a mumbled, “You’re such a bitch”, as he went back to reading the song titles upside down. Donna and Cas patiently waited their turns with the book, obviously already sure of their song choices.
Dean’s eyes make a slow crawl up towards Cas’s face. “Thank you for cookin’. Smells good,” he mutters.
Well, sometimes the skills learned in Dean’s misspent youth can come in handy. “Cas, that doesn’t sound very safe. I can, umm . . . I’m pretty good at locks.” Dean turns to examine the door. “I mean, I lose my keys a lot, so I can probably just pick your lock and get you in. You don’t need to climb up on the r . . . “, but he trails off as he realizes Cas isn’t standing there anymore. “OK, you’re already climbing up on the roof. Super.”
Charlie grinned to herself, thinking of how outlandish many of her friends were, and how no one in Cornucopia would bat an eye at strange behavior. “I think we can cover that stuff. A lot of us are extroverts, and our town is pretty tolerant of weirdness. Tattoos are definitely not an issue!”
The singers returned to the table, surrounded by loud applause. Sam stood up when they got close enough, and wrapped his long arms around Jody. He murmured something into her hair, too quiet for anyone else to hear, then looked up at Jack, Alex, and Claire. “You guys brought the house down. That was fantastic!” he said, finally releasing Jody. She pulled him back down to kiss his cheek, then weaved her way back to her side of the table, only to be elbowed and aggressively winked at by Donna. Cas stood up as well, and wrapped his hand around the back of Jack’s head, leaning forward to kiss his forehead. “Beautiful, Jack. Absolutely beautiful.” he said, proudly, then turned to Alex and Claire. “And you! Alex, I had no idea you had such a lovely voice.” As he sat again, facing Jody, Cas met her eyes and held them for a long moment. “That was truly amazing, Jody. I feel like you’ve given me a gift.” Jody’s smile was big and warm, in response, though she waved him off.
Three hours later, Sam comes looking for Dean and finds him in his bedroom, taping a cardboard box shut, half-empty whiskey bottle on the desk.
“Hello? Yes, this is Castiel. Is everything OK? . . . . Oh no, OK. Yes, of course. I’m on my way. Thank you.” He hangs up and closes his eyes for a second, sighing, before across the table to Dean. “Dean, I’m so sorry, but I have to go get Jack from daycare. He’s having a meltdown, and the staff can’t get him to stop crying.”
This was less because there was someone dressed as a pirate at the Cornucopia DMV, and more because it was TOBIAS, who was notorious for being impeccably dressed at all times. He had planned to wear a rather elaborate costume of silk and lace and gold braid, but the team unanimously agreed that he looked more like the Vampire Lestat than a pirate, and insisted he tone it down. In the end, he went with a somewhat dandified version of Captain Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean, and carried his pet cockatoo, Aziraphale.
Cas stands up, gathering two empty plates and one coffee cup. (Dean refuses to relinquish his own cup.) “Wellll, how about the fair?”
Dinner is fantastic, of course, and Cas tries to focus on his food, despite the increasingly lingering looks being traded back and forth. They do the dishes side by side, then sprawl on the couch to watch some TV. By the first commercial break, Dean’s arm is around Cas’s shoulders. By the second break, they’re kissing. To absolutely no one’s surprise, they miss the end of the show entirely, with Dean in Castiel’s lap, shirt off, panting and grinding against him.
True to form, Charlie’s demeanor switched right back to eager, joyful, mischief. “Ruby Perrino, Zoe Lovelock, Garth, Zomo, and Khalid are already in. I haven’t asked Jenna & Sydney yet, but I’m pretty sure they’re up for it. I’m gonna ask Kristina Conrad when she comes in for her appointment today, too. I was banking on you, Cas, Sam, and Jess, but you kinda blew that out of the water, party-pooper.”
There was a young red-haired woman up after Donna. She sang “Mean” by Taylor Swift, and had everyone at their table swaying in their seats, clapping along with the beat. Jody was up next, singing Blondie’s “One Way or Another”, and Dean glanced across the table to see Sam’s jaw drop open. They knew the no-nonsense, maternal sheriff could kick some serious ass when it came to monster hunting, but this was a side to Jody the boys had never seen! She smirked, and shimmied, and groaned out the lyrics, slinking across the stage and staring down people in the audience. Donna and Jack and the girls screeched and whistled encouragement, laughing and clapping, but Dean, Sam, and Cas looked stunned. By the end of the song, Alex and Claire were kicking them under the table, startling them out of their stupor, and the finally joined in the applause. Jody winked at Sam as she sat back down, causing him to clear his throat repeatedly, and stare at his shoes. Dean looked first at Sam, then at Cas, and made a wide-eyed “what was THAT??” look. He was definitely going to ask his little brother about this situation tomorrow.
Shortly after Hunter-the-pupper's adoption, Rowena checks in with Dean to say hi, and see if she can come visit the little furball.
The next day, Saturday, Dean makes a decision. He texts Cas and asks if he can invite himself over. Cas seems surprised, but happy to hear from him, so Dean swings by the market and heads over to Angel Lake Drive.
“Not yet, but they’re my next stop. We’re meeting at the Bagelry for lunch, but I’ll be back by 2 for Kristina’s appointment. I’m so glad you said yes! You’re gonna have SO much fun! See you in a bit!” Charlie chirped, walking backwards toward the shop door. Just before she pushed it open, she darted a look at Dean, still on the couch, and called out, “Later, spoilsport!” before dashing out the door.
With Heaven 3.0 up and running, Cas eventually returns to Earth to check on Sam, but an angel named Melindriel stops by the bunker first, intercepting Sam on his way home from a supply run. Sympathetic to Castiel and the Winchesters (and a romantic at heart), she warns Sam that Cas has chosen to erase Dean from his memory. She also fills Sam in on the new mission statement from Heaven. There are no more wars or resentments between angels and mankind – they’re all in this together, now that Chuck has completely abandoned them. Nephalim are no longer forbidden, and Melindriel reveals that the remaining angels will now be encouraged to take vessels and forge relationships with human mates, in an effort to avoid extinction. She makes clear that Cas’s memories can be easily restored, but only at Castiel’s explicit request. Simply seeing Dean will not bring his memories back, though spending a lot of time with Dean might confuse Cas, since their Profound Bond will pull at his grace and he won’t know why.
Cas takes a deep breath of his own, and shuts his eyes. “Shut up, shut up! No. NO! He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me!”
As Dean turns back to face the parking lot, telling himself to just leave it alone and go home, he hears a crash from the roof.
She asked if the team could help her find someone who would rent her mom a piano, or let Melanie buy it on installments, but still deliver it. The team was so moved by Melanie’s story that they decided to go to Samir, and see if he would help. Samir Bes Masuda was Besu, Egyptian god of music and dance, (and currently, also the Artistic Director of the Charlotte Ballet Company). He also happened to be a very kind, compassionate person, with a lot of money, and an enormous network of connections in the world of music and performing arts. Castiel and Charlie went to visit Samir, speaking with him about the premise of GISH, and about Melanie’s mom. 30 minutes later, Samir made two phone calls, and the next day, Melanie’s mom received a beautiful “used” upright piano, delivered to her home, with Melanie there to film the surprise. Her mom cried, Melanie cried, her grandpa cried. When the team saw the video, Charlie cried, Sam cried, Zomo cried. Even Ruby cried. It was by far the most meaningful part of their whole week, and everyone was glad to have been a part of it.
Dean was shell-shocked. Of course, he’s always found the angel’s speaking voice sexy as hell, but he’s never heard Cas sing. Didn’t even know Cas COULD sing. Now he was sitting in this bar, slack-jawed and half hard, from one damn song! The meaning behind this particular song, especially for Dean and Castiel, was not lost on him, but he could only process so much at one time, and he’d be damned if he was going to burst into tears at Billy fucking Frogs. His eyes refocused as Cas walked back to their table, amidst a flurry of hugs and congratulatory slaps on the back. He yanked Cas down onto his lap, held his face in his hands, and kissed the angel, hard. “You’re amazing, you know that?” he asked, pulling back to look Cas in the eyes. Castiel just smiled that slow, sly smile; the one that’s only ever for Dean.
“You and I have always had an understanding, Dean. You’re a part of Castiel and I love you, because I love him. Because
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” He expects Cas to laugh at him, but he just looks . . . fond. Like Dean’s done something adorable.
“Don’t encourage him. I’m trying to make a point here!” He turns back to Dean. “Seriously, man. If you’ve never had a conversation about it, and he’s only ever seen you with women . . . I mean, I assumed you were straight, until you started dating Benny.”
He does, of course, and he gives Cas Dean’s business card. He doesn’t look at it right away, but when he does, all the breath rushes out of his lungs. Dean Winchester, that name can’t be a coincidence.
“Shut up and hand me that lighter, bitch.” He melted a few marshmallows together, before squinting up at his brother again. “Dude, how are you doing the pictures, anyway? You and me are supposed to be dead; aren’t you worried one of these photos is gonna end up on an FBI computer somewhere?”
Dean grimaces, head leaning towards one shoulder. “No.” Cas and Sam both sit still, waiting for Dean to continue. He glances at his brother, then Cas, then the floor. Cas. The floor. Sam. The floor.
Cas’s eyes grow wider, before his grin pops back up on his face. He takes Dean’s hand again, as they exit the ride. Plunking down on a bench, he stares up at him. “I didn’t need to catch up, Dean. I’ve been crazy about you since college. I just didn’t think you were interested.”
For fuck sake, why is Dean such an ass about the Impala?! He STILL won’t let me put a digital stereo in. We damn near LIVE in that car! I’m SOOOO sick of listening to the same 14 classic rock albums, over and over and over again. I don’t even
Jack takes a deep breath and sighs. He reaches out to touch the cell phone screen and mumbles, “I don’t see you no more. Did you go away?”
“Well, even if Charlie didn’t tell him, I was pretty obvious about it. I flirted with Cas non-stop, all of Junior year.”
There are audible “aww”s from several people in the bar, including Jody and Donna. Dean’s voice is lovely, sliding over the notes smoothly, and twanging in just the right spots, Dean shaking his head and tapping his foot, eyes, glued to Castiel the whole time. When the last note faded away, the bar erupted in applause and whistles, and Dean returned to the table just a tiny bit embarrassed. He sat down next to Cas, only to be covered in kisses. “OK, OK Casanova!” Dean sputtered. “Ha! Hey, CASanova! I’m totally keeping that.” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear, and Dean whispered back, but before they could return to their decade-long staring contest, Sam poked Dean in the ribs. “I didn’t know you had it in ya, big brother. That was really nice.” Dean scoffed, but ducked his head a little, in acknowledgement.
“I still fail to see why a fight with a belligerent friend, no matter how hurtful, would elicit such a drastic response.”
Dean grunts, sitting at the table and slumping over his coffee cup. Cas dishes out the eggs, bacon, and toast, and slides the plate in front of Dean, pausing to smooth the man’s hair back from his forehead. Dean slurps his coffee, but after a moment, his eyes focus a bit.
“Don’t be silly, Cas, you don’t need to apologize. Your kids come first.” They get up to leave, and Dean stops at the door. “Hey Cas? I know it’s a lot, but you’re doing a good job. And your kids probably think so, too.”
“Seriously, man? You STILL got nothing to say?” He means to shout this, but it comes out low, tense, shaky.
She originally asked George Foundersson, but the dwarf said no. (Specifically, he said, “I’m 225 years old, girl. I’ll be damned if I’m getting a cartoon inked on my hide”.) So she asked Benny, and he was all for it. The burly fire chief wound up sitting on his Harley for the picture, brandishing the new Laugh-a-Lot Bear tattoo on his right bicep: a reddish-orange bear with a laughing yellow star on it’s belly. Oddly enough, it suited him.
“OK. Good talk.” Dean stands up and leaves the room. At the library door – against his better judgement – he glances back over his shoulder. Cas is already back to his book.
Dean comes running down the stairs, buttoning his shirt. “I’m comin, Claire-bear. Hold your horses.” At the bottom of the stairs, he eyes her critically. “D’you brush your teeth?”
“You’re gonna need an engineer to draw up the plans for this, Mr. Novak. It’s definitely possible, but it’s not quite as simple as I’d hoped, with a house this age, and it might cost more than you want to spend”, he explains. He sounds apologetic, but Cas will not be dissuaded.
Good god, had that really never occurred to Cas? They guy’s eyes are huge and his mouth has fallen open. Dean shakes his head fondly and steps close to him, wrapping one arm around his shoulders and kissing his temple. “Cas, buddy, you gotta be smarter about this stuff, OK? You have to be
The process was nowhere near as painful as his previous sessions with Naomi had been. She was gentle, careful, and delicate in her task this time. Castiel emerged with a workable timeline of the past 12 years, minus several particularly important details. He still recalled much of his history with the Winchesters, for instance, but only Sam, Bobby, and Mary. He didn’t recall saving Dean from Hell, nor any interaction with him since then. In fact, he didn’t even realize Sam had a brother, aside from Adam. Cas thought his connection to the Winchesters originated purely in Sam’s destiny as Lucifer’s true vessel, which Cas betrayed Heaven to prevent, once he and Sam became friends. He believed Sam was the one who taught him about free will, and that he himself killed Dick Roman, and was then flung into Purgatory alone. His memory said that Sam raised Jack on his own while Cas was in the Empty. He recalled fighting the other Earth’s Michael, but believed that Michael kept the same vessel until Jack killed him. All of his memories of Dean were either purged entirely, or replaced with someone else (usually Sam).
OK, that head tilt never fails to be cute, but Dean is not going to be swayed this time. “I don’t know, ANYTHING? You didn’t have anything at all to contribute to the conversation?”
person to your team, is it geographical? I mean, are they gonna pick a normie who lives nearby, since the rest of your team is all in one place?”
Jack gets home from a trip with Gabriel, and texts Claire to ask why Dean and Castiel are acting so strange.
“NO. It’s absolutely not our place. This is their relationship, and Cas isn’t stupid. Besides, for all we know, they have an arrangement or something.”
Dean Winchester is the owner of TFW Designs. He made a name for himself as an up-and-coming Structural Engineer with Host Building & Design, a major construction and design firm in Chicago, and finally started his own business a few years back. At 37, he’s already one of the most talked-about players in the Raleigh construction market. He’s very good at his job, but it also may have something to do with his good looks and flirtatious personality, which have helped get him featured in more than one industry magazine. His staff plays a big part in his success, as well, and he’s lucky to have started TFW with some very talented professionals, who also happen to be awesome people. His brother Sam (their real estate attorney), best friend Charlie (superstar Architect), Benny (senior Builder), Crowley (senior Realtor), and Lisa (Dean’s ex, and an award-winning interior designer) all joined him in Raleigh two years ago, and it’s been full steam ahead ever since.
“Exactly,” Dean agrees. “So we’re gonna clean this place up, together, and then we’re gonna take all this stuff downstairs to the bowling alley.”
Charlie pursed her lips, fuming, and slapped her phone down on the table in front of her. “That was Ruby. Apparently, Gabriel forgot to sign up for GISH, and now registration’s closed, and we only have 14 people on our team. FOURTEEN, not 15.”
Over the years, Crowley has been taking bets on when ( if ) Dean & Cas would ever actually become a couple. Now Crowley has some inside intel, and can't wait to collect from Sam, Charlie, Jody, Jack, Claire, Garth, and Rowena.
So, Cas wanders off to find Dean. Dean is happy to see him, and rather desperate to convince the angel to get his memories back. Much of their conversation is a rehash of last night, but now that it’s just the two of them, Dean seems to feel more comfortable elaborating.
“I’m sorry I kept lashing out at you, Cas. I know I’ve been a big bag of dicks lately, but I’ve been thinking about that stuff a lot, and I figure it was mostly me being scared. Well, shame too, maybe. I kinda always thought I was straight, ya know?”
At the wedding a few months later, there was an empty seat in the front row, in Amelia’s honor. Claire gave Castiel away, and when she handed him off at the altar, she kissed him on the cheek and turned to kiss Dean, whispering in his ear. “He’s all yours, Dad. S’about time."
The two of them raided the industrial kitchen at Khalid’s bakery, and decked themselves out in sieve helmets, with armor made of spring-form pans, kitchen twine, and cookie sheets. They staged an actual mock battle with rolling pin swords and pot lid shields, and made so much noise in the parking lot that they ended up with an audience. They even earned a round of applause when they finished!
Dean is right, of course. Castiel spent thousands of years as a military strategist. He makes measured, informed decisions, and now that he has new information, it’s only logical to re-evaluate his path. Ultimately, he and Melandriel return to Heaven to get his memories back. It’s a simple process, but he leaves Naomi’s office overwhelmed and disoriented, his memory of the last dozen years rearranging itself to accommodate a new main character. THE main character. The Righteous Man. The love of Castiel’s long, long life. The asshole who repeatedly broke Castiel’s heart, who kept refusing to see the truth. The stubborn idiot who never once spoke up to stop Cas from leaving, even though his soul screamed for Cas to stay.
This one featured Tobias tied up and gagged, surrounded by teddy bears, with a ransom note taped to his shirt, demanding
Finally, he blurts out, “But we should have been”. Then quieter, “Except I had my head so far up my ass, I was the only one who didn’t see that.”
Raising one finger and both eyebrows, Dean launches his defense. “Hey, I eat plenty of veggies. I just prefer them in sauce, or smoothies, or squished between mashed potatoes and gravy. I don’t wanna look em in the eye while I’m eatin’ them.”
The games are a great success. Dean is a good shot with a gun and with a softball, and Cas is pretty accurate with darts, so they both end up scoring baseball caps and stuffed animals in their first hour at the fair. They give most of the swag away to nearby kids, but when Dean jokingly presents Cas with the “I Wuv Hugs” bear, Cas hugs it tight, holding onto it for the rest of the night.
After that, they both sort of fall into the habit of texting each other periodically, throughout the week. They reminisce about college days, vent about work, and share funny moments. Cas talks about his kids a lot, but it’s mostly adorable stories, or hilarious #parentingFails, or something they’ve done that he’s really proud of. Cas is clearly stressed and overtaxed, but he doesn’t complain so much as worry out loud.
With his classic head-tilt, Cas gives Dean a thoughtful glance. “Your intention was to become inebriated and engage in casual sex with a woman. Our motel room offered neither alcohol nor female sexual partners, so you would have been wholly unsuccessful, if you had remained there.”
, Cas thinks, smirking at the back of Sam’s head. “Hello, sister,” he says politely, and nods at Melandriel. “Good morning, Sam.” Sam sits up straighter at the sound of Cas’s voice, his hand sliding back a few inches as he turns toward the doorway. “Hey, Cas! Morning.” He glances back and forth between the two angels, then gets up to make another pot of coffee.
As Cas took the goblin’s payment for the tattoo and printed him a receipt, Charlie described the scavenger hunt and all the great things that GISH had achieved for charities over the years. The animated redhead barely paused for breath, and Carnegie actually left halfway through her spiel, shaking his head and chuckling. When she finished, Dean met Cas’s eyes over her head, with a wry expression on his face. Instead of politely bowing out, however, the angel squinted at Dean, glanced back down at Charlie and said, “I’d love to play GISH with you, Charlie. What do I need to do?”
When Cas walks into Accounting again that afternoon, Dean decides this is just the distraction he needs. A nice little challenge. “Hey Cas, you wanna go get a burger with me?”
Dean cycles through reflexive anger, then self-pity, then fear, then dread. In a process that is absolutely trademark Dean Winchester, he drinks, he cries, he throws things, he drives. For once, however, it’s a surprisingly short process. Two days after his fight with Sam, he comes back to the bunker and sits down across the kitchen table from his brother. He starts out playing with the paper towel in front of him, but soon slaps his hands down on the table and looks Sam in the eye.
Now it was Cas’s turn to wince. “Yes, that’s true. I’m not sure the style of chicken would have made much difference last night, though. Even after dinner, they were both cranky. Claire hardly said a word, and Jack had a tantrum when he misplaced a toy. I had to read him Goodnight Moon three times before he’d go to sleep. And then Claire woke up in the middle of the night. She hasn’t done that in over a year.”
The kids of Cornucopia had arguably even more fun than the actual team members during GISH week, helping in several items. The largest group effort was for Garth’s item
“About time, man. I’m happy for you guys,” he mutters, then immediately makes an excuse to leave the bunker for the night. Cas spares a second to wonder if Sam will have company, but decides he has more important things to focus on right now, and heads into the kitchen.
Dean throws both hands in the air. “OK, so we’re both oblivious idiots. Can we stop this friends with benefits bullshit now, and just be a couple?”
Though it was a simple set-up, using one of Jess’s existing yoga classes, she didn’t actually know how to ski, so Jenna loaned her some gear.
Dean takes a moment to think. “Everybody’s got issues, Cas. If I waited for the perfect guy, I’d be single for the rest of my life. But being a slob is a deal-breaker. There’s no reason you can’t clean up after yourself. And dude? Severed heads and a wall of Tupperwared body parts in plain sight? That’s how you end up in prison. Do you wanna go to prison?”
Everyone's been tested, monitored, screened, and scheduled. Today is Castiel's appointment at the fertility clinic, to donate sperm for Dorothy and Charlie, but he's experiencing . . . complications. As usual, Dean Winchester is there to swoop in and save the day! (Not all heroes wear capes.)
Without even hesitating, Cas squeezes his hand and replies, “Of course not. It’s for your chicken pot pie.”
Dean scoffs. Eileen waits. She’ll sit there for an hour, if Dean doesn’t answer; he knows she would. That woman is patient as a rock.
Ten years ago, he thought he had it all figured out. He’d just sold his first book, and was engaged to marry Amelia. They had simple plans: a small wedding, a honeymoon in Hawaii, buy a nice little house, and raise two or three kids. Amelia would finish her Master’s degree and find a job counseling former addicts, using her life experience as an example. They stuck to the plan, and it went well, right up until it didn’t. Amelia struggled with anxiety during her pregnancy, and developed post-partum depression shortly after Claire was born. She hid it from Cas, and ended up relapsing. They fought and fought, with Cas begging her to get help, to go back to rehab, and Amelia insisting she could quit again on her own. After all, she had all this education under her belt now, she was almost a professional. She needed to prove to herself she could do it alone. Except she couldn’t do it alone. Amelia walked out on them when Claire was five months old, and never looked back. Devastated, Cas struggled to get through a divorce from an absent wife, while raising a baby by himself. Neither of them had any family left (Cas’s parents having disowned him when he came out of the closet, and Amelia’s grandmother having passed away a year prior), and their small circle of friends had disappeared when Amelia relapsed. When the police called a year later, saying they found Amelia dead of an overdose in Tulsa, Cas found he didn’t have any more tears left to shed for her. He loved Amelia, but she broke his heart, and he was grateful that Claire didn’t have any memory of her.
“I’ll help your dad any time he needs me, kiddo.” He meets Cas’s eyes on the screen and holds his gaze for a moment, before looking back to Jack. “And I’ll make you stuffed tomatoes next time, OK?”
Or, I could be totally wrong about this whole thing. God knows I’m no expert on love or relationships. Maybe I’m imagining it. (But probably not.)
Later that year, he moved to Raleigh NC, and met his best friend, Kelly Klein. She was a powerhouse, a fiercely independent woman with no room for bullshit. She was an orphan who had grown up tough and self-reliant, put herself through college, and worked herself up to a position as Senior Editor at Cas’s publishing house. She also lived in Raleigh, and they formed a friendship almost immediately. Kelly was the polar opposite of Amelia, and Cas appreciated that he never needed to walk on eggshells around her. Kelly got Cas’s dry sense of humor, and loved the way his mind worked. Her practical capability fit his intellectual pragmatism like a puzzle piece. One’s strengths balanced the other’s weaknesses, and they worked well together. She adored Claire and often helped Cas care for her when he was near the end of his rope.
“Dean, you flirt with everyone. It’s a primary part of your personality. You flirt with my wife!” This makes Eileen giggle.
“Perhaps we should walk to the diner, since we’ve all been drinking.” Cas said. Jody stepped up next to him, to clap him on the back. “That is an excellent idea. Very responsible angel, you are.” She pulled both Claire and Jack to their feet, dragging them across the parking lot, with Alex, Donna, and Sam close behind. Dean sidled over to Cas, and stuck out his left hand, threading their fingers together, and they trailed after everyone else, down the road.
Cas called me an “abomination” today. I know he’s not great with tact and sensitivity and all that, but Jesus fucking Christ! That whole demon blood / boy-king of Hell thing really messed me up, but that was a long time ago. I’m a good person! I’ve saved
. “Dude, I’m not exactly subtle. Literally every one of our friends has commented on the way I stare at you! I cook you dinner! We’ve gone to three weddings together! I moved to Connecticut for you! How did you NOT think I was interested?!?”
A cute Latina girl with a pixie cut and tattoos hopped up on stage next, performing “Sing” by Ed Sheeran, and she knocked it out of the park, high-speed rap and all. The whole place jumped in to sing along with the “whoao-oh” parts of the chorus, and the woman got a solid 2 minutes of applause when she was done. Jack mouthed along to every word, and Dean wondered when the hell he’d gotten so immersed in Ed Sheeran music.
They settle in at the bunker and the boys tell the angel, piece by piece, where Dean fits in to their shared history. Mostly they take turns describing the events of the last decade or so, in chronological order, with Cas stopping them to ask questions or offer the version his memory has supplied.
“Come ON, Dean, it’ll be so fun! You, sir, have not had a particularly fun life, don’t you wanna just PLAY for once?” Charlie pouted and whined, throwing in big, sad eyes at the end, for good measure.
When Melandriel sees that he’s made this decision, she’s delighted. As his shoulders square and his spine straightens, her smile grows broader and brighter, and Cas half-expects her to hug him.
be fucked up? If, after all we’ve been through, all the near-apocalypses, all the deaths and resurrections and miracles . . . if the greatest hunter in the world ended up dying of heart disease?
Castiel Novak is “James Milton”, an author with a successful book series under his belt, which he recently sold the movie rights to. Unfortunately, that’s about all he feels he’s got nailed down in life. He’s a single father of two: Claire (7) and Jack (4). His kids are his entire world, and Cas adores them, but he knows they’ve been shortchanged in life. They deserve better than an overwhelmed, stressed-out, lonely dad, with no friends or family. But he’s all they’ve got, and he’s doing his best.
Dean stood in front of the mirror, hair still wet, towel wrapped around his hips. He poked his belly, but shrugged, genuinely unconcerned. Retirement had robbed him of his abs, now that he wasn’t digging up graves and dragging 200 lb corpses around anymore, but he still looked pretty good. Picking up toddlers all day helped a bit, as did jogging with Cas every other day, and swimming with Sam and Jess twice a week. Trying to keep up with a mermaid in the water had to count as a workout. Plus, he still tried to hit the gym at least once a week, though he’d successfully avoided the yoga class Jess taught there for nearly eight months now. He had to draw the line somewhere, dammit.
When they get back to the house, they text Dean and start putting dinner together. The four of them compare notes while they eat . . . well, Dean, Donna, and Jody eat. Cas tries one bite of everything, to be polite, and then Dean finishes his plate. (Donna mouths “cute!” at Jody, behind Dean’s back.) They make plans to reconvene in the morning, and Dean and Cas head back to their motel.
Dean’s being a real dick about Mom. He thinks it’s cold-hearted of me, not to be concerned about where she goes, or when she’ll be back in touch. He acts like I’m a jerk for not obsessing over her, like he does, but he doesn’t get it. I never knew Mom. I don’t remember her AT ALL. (I mean, who remembers anything from the first 6 months of their life?) Even growing up . . . Dad hardly ever talked about her, even when he was around, so the only real stories I heard about her, were from Dean. But Dean only had 4 years with her, so his only memories are happy, little-kid stuff. He never knew her as a person, not even a little bit. He put her up on a pedestal and idolized her over the years, and even I could see that. So to Dean, he’s losing his mom all over again, whenever she takes off abruptly, or doesn’t answer her phone. He’s hurt, and scared, and worried. But to me, “mom” is kind of an abstract concept. She’s just a person. Hell, part of me sees her as just one step above any other hunter we know . . . extended family, maybe, like Ellen? But honestly, I’m closer to Jody than I am to Mom, and she’ll never even hold a candle to Dean, or Bobby, or Cas, as far as I’m concerned. So no, I don’t really mind that she didn’t stick around the bunker. You can’t miss what you never had, right?
They’d been together for more than six years by now. Claire was 14 going on 40, and they were all adjusting to the wonderful world of high school. Claire was far too cool to be seen in Cas’s Subaru, and insisted he drop her off half a block from school (though Dean was allowed to pull up front and center, in the Impala). It seemed like only yesterday that she would cuddle up on the couch with Dean to watch cartoons, but he considered it a win that she’d recently adopted his addiction to Dr. Sexy, MD. These days, marathoning the cheesy drama, Dean on one end of the couch, Claire sprawled across the other, was their version of bonding time.
Cas is stunned by Dean’s casual acceptance. And when Dean arrives that night, he’s stunned again by how easily he fits into their little family dynamic. He hits it off with both kids right away, playing Horsey with Jack, and letting Claire paint his nails. He brings milk and beer, and pie for dessert, and helps the kids set the table. It feels . . . comfortable . . . like he’s been here for years! Cas actually feels himself relax for the first time in months.
Castiel’s email is endearingly awkward. “Hello Dean. I don’t know if you remember me, but . . .” Hell yes, Dean remembers him. He spent quite a few evenings thinking about Cas, back in college. Never had the nerve to ask him out, though. Not that Dean was exactly in the closet, even back then, but he found it much easier to hit on girls. He’d always been a Casanova with the ladies, but put him in front of a hot guy, and he’ll get tongue tied nine times out of ten. It was a miracle he ever got any dick at all, really.
Sam looks skeptical. “Noooo, I don’t think Charlie would out you without your permission. I mean, I know you were never specifically IN the closet, but you weren’t exactly loud and proud back then. Charlie’s big on consent and confidentiality. I can’t see her telling anyone who you sleep with.”
The next day, Cas and Dean meet the women for breakfast. Cas is visibly annoyed, and Dean is visibly hungover. Sam calls Cas for advice on his hunt, and the angel excuses himself to take the call.
After a while, their conversation drifts into more personal territory. They’ve been friends for years, so Castiel doesn’t mind, but the werewolf doesn’t have a lot of boundaries when it comes to conversation.
Dean pulled the cup carrier just out of the angel’s reach. “Are you talking to me, or the coffee?” he asked, suspiciously.
One night, a young patient on Dr. Sexy mentioned his parents (both Dads), and it prompted Dean to ask something that had been on his mind lately.
like a real couple. Maybe not a couple who does a lot of PDA, but they talk or text every day, they have keys to each other’s homes, they go out together, cook for each other, attend family events together. They even sleep over (which is frankly one of Cas’s favorite things in the world). He loves falling asleep with Dean and waking up with him . . . even if he does snore, and is a grouchy bastard before his first cup of coffee. Cas was in Dean’s little brother’s wedding, and Dean was in Anna’s. Their friend groups merged long ago. Dean’s mother insists that Cas call her “Mom”. (Dean does NOT call Cas’s mother “Mom”, because Mara is a huge flirt, as is Dean, and it’s already weird enough, with the two of them in the same room.) Hell, they’ve even gone on vacation together a few times.
A moment later the door opened, and Carnegie emerged, a t-shirt now covering his scrawny torso, and a white bandage peeking out from under the sleeve. Castiel walked behind him, but was focused on Charlie. “What kind of contest?” he asked.
“I feel like this is about to get awkward,” Castiel grumbles. “Do I really need that much detail on your sex life?”
The angel appears to be even more confused by the books’ depiction. “You and I were romantically involved?” he asks Dean, squinting.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at that. “Yeah, they definitely are. I know it’s only been six or seven months, but I think Sammy’s a goner. I bet he pops the question before New Years.”
He’s angry with Dean. He’s exhausted; tired of the games, sick of the years of second-guessing himself, of his hope being dashed again and again. But this time is different. This time, he has something he’s never had before: Dean’s honest, earnest intent. This time, Dean’s words match the song in his soul, and Castiel’s grace is humming with expectation. Now that he remembers, he knows that Sam and Dean were not exaggerating. He knows the Carver Edlund stories were not misinterpretations. If he were human, Castiel would call them soulmates, but there is no word for their pairing. They are wholly unique amongst all of God’s creations, and Castiel will not forfeit what is rightfully his.
Charlie’s phone showed a web page with a big, bold header saying “GISH”. Below the header was some text that Dean didn’t bother reading, followed by a photo of several people in evening gowns and tuxedos, drinking wine at a table . . . but clearly underwater, in a swimming pool. Just below that one, Dean could see half a picture of a woman in a very odd-looking bikini.
In the morning, he wakes up first, as usual, and looks down at Dean’s sleeping, drooling face. He grins and carefully slides out of bed, pulling on the first pair of boxers he lays hands on. He pads out to the kitchen to make coffee and start on breakfast, humming “I’m Walking on Sunshine” to himself.
This ended up being Benny posing in front of his fire truck, in kale booty shorts and kale suspenders, with Emir, shirtless but in normal fireman’s pants, boots, sunglasses, and suspenders, holding the erupting fire hose in the background. It took a long time to get a shot where neither man was laughing, and where neither Bella nor Sassafras were in the frame, since both dogs kept trying to chase the water or eat Benny’s kale outfit. The first seven pictures were great, but it would have been hard to come up with a believable explanation for a granite pug and a smoking, red-eyed Rottweiler leaping through the air in the background. Eventually, they had to call Ellen for help. She brought over two huge burgers, which occupied the dogs
Dean, Cas, and Charlie were friends in college at Northwestern, back in Illinois. Dean and Charlie were both scholarship Engineering students, while Cas’s wealthy parents paid his tuition in full (at least, until he came out to them in Senior year). They all lived on the same floor of Elder Hall, and thanks to Charlie’s outgoing (and persistent) personality, became friends in their first month on campus. Apparently, Charlie walked up to Cas in the hallway one day and informed him they were now friends. There was no vote, no lead-in, and no gradual ‘getting to know you’ period. From that day on, she invited Cas to lunch, LGBTQ campus events, dragged him out jogging, and walked into his dorm room at all hours of the day and night. A couple of weeks later, she did the same to Dean, and the two of them were swept along in the wake of Charlie Bradbury’s infectious joie de vive.
Cas gives him a coy smile, dropping one hand to his jeans, and starting to unbuckle his belt. “Oh, by all means!”
What are the chances of an angel falling in love with a human? I know Cas isn’t all that demonstrative, but this “profound bond” thing with Dean is getting ridiculous. They stare at each other All. The. Time. For no apparent reason. And not like awkward staring. This is really intense, prolonged staring. I half expect them to rush into each other’s arms, and violin music to start playing in the background! It’s not just me, either. Now that I think about it, a lot of angels (and demons, and witches, and even a few monsters) have joked about the two of them being a couple.
He didn’t disappear, of course. He and Cas were still direct and straightforward with one another, and they discussed the details of Dean moving out well ahead of time. He still came over two or three nights a week, still took Claire to see her grief counselor now and then, still went to her soccer games and her choir concerts. But he usually slept at his own house and he spent a little more time with Sam and his family. He even started dating again, though it never seemed to work out with anyone, for more than a month or two.
A minute later, he hears Dean’s soft snores, and he’s pretty sure Dean’s the only one who will be getting any sleep at all tonight.
Looking agonized, Jody stacks the breakfast dishes and heads into the kitchen, with Donna trailing after her with the coffee cups. “OK, probably not. But maybe we totally misinterpreted what he said, and Dean didn’t actually DO anything with anybody.”
team member was a woman named Melanie Thomas, a studio sound technician in Long Island NY. She had only GISHed once before, but was excited to play again, and as far as Charlie could tell, she was an entirely normal human. Charlie set up a Team page on Facebook for communication, and two days before GISH began, all 15 of them got online to introduce themselves. They all posted a little ‘getting to know you’ blurb: name, location, job, hobbies, talents, and a random odd fact about themselves. There was a lot of discussion over what constituted “odd” for them, but when Charlie read them all, she was pleasantly surprised to see that none of the Cornucopia folks had lied. She’d expected some of them to have to fake a ‘normal’ human talent, for instance, to keep Melanie in the dark about their supernatural aspects. As it turned out, however, her friends had been able to be honest, without being obviously non-human. Ruby really WAS a dentist who ran a weekly poker game and was a little bit obsessed with acro-yoga. Zomo really WAS Nigerian, and he DID run a day care center, and Sydney really WAS a middle school teacher who loved to crochet. Cas really WAS a tattoo artist, and really DID speak “several” languages. Ryan really WAS a veterinarian, an avid rock climber and a kayaker. Melanie did not need to know that Ruby was also a vampire, that Zomo could turn into a jackalope, or that Sydney had a pair of ram’s horns on her head. It was probably best that she didn’t know that Cas actually knew every language every invented, or that Ryan was a werewolf.
sort of knew. I mean, we thought we knew. We assumed.” She pauses, looking over to Sam for help, but Sam just buries his nose back in his coffee. “It was pretty obvious.” She goes on to say that most of Heaven (and Hell too, apparently) has long been aware that Cas & Dean have feelings for one another, and many believed they were already a couple. Until recently, it was a cause for derision among the angels, but now that the Heavenly Host and Humanity are all on the same team, Cas is considered somewhat of a trailblazer, a maverick with foresight. He and Dean have Heaven’s blessing, as it were, and the general assumption is that Cas will retrieve his memories, make up with Dean, and live the rest of their days together.
Dean briefly explains the situation to Eileen and Sam, and excuses himself to the living room, just in time to see a Facetime call pop up on his cell phone. On the screen is a very harried-looking Castiel, hair a mess, shirt wrinkled, with a red-faced, sobbing Jack in his lap. Dean wants to hug them both.
grade, when all the elementary school kids merged into one middle school. Dean was already popular, a bad-boy, rebel type, and Cas was the opposite: quiet, awkward, sheltered. Nevertheless, they just sort of clicked and quickly became inseparable. Cas was the only one who didn’t underestimate Dean (besides Sammy, but that was just little-brother hero worship). He made Dean feel smart, competent, worthwhile, and Cas listened like no one else Dean had ever known. He focused all his attention on you, like whatever you had to say really meant something. Like he could see your soul and it was beautiful. In Cas’s opinion, Dean was utterly amazing. He was strong, clever, and funny. He knew so many things that didn’t make sense to Cas, things you couldn’t learn in books. Like how to read people, how to make them like you, when to lie, and when to be honest. He knew about cars and movies and music. Cas was book smart, but in social situations, he always said the wrong thing at the wrong time, or failed to say anything at all. Dean was the only one who really seemed to ‘get’ his sense of humor. And Dean was so
See, Dean is the only real constant I’ve ever had. He’s always been there, always looked out for me, even when I resented him for it. He was more of a parent to me than my actual parents. He changed my diapers, made my school lunches, taught me how to shoot a gun, ride a bike, tie a tie, and drive a car (in that order). I don’t really know how to be me, without Dean. The two times I tried - when I went to college, and living with Amelia - I was mostly just running away. I shut down a huge part of who I am, both times, and just sort of . . . played house. Neither Jess nor Amelia knew
“OK folks, I’m getting kinda tired, what do you say we wrap this party up?” Sam announced, clapping his hands together. Alex looked appalled, protesting, “What? Noooo – we still have one song left!” Donna reached out and pressed Sam’s hands down on the table. “No, Sam. You stay put.” Then she giggled, sitting back against her chair with a bit too much velocity. “Good Sam. Stay.” Sam’s lips thinned out at that, but he smothered a laugh, throwing his hands up in surrender. “OK, OK. We stay.” he conceded, causing Jody to smile coyly at him.
Things go on like this for another month or so. By mid-March, Claire’s gymnastics class is ending, and there’s just no good excuse for Dean to spend so much time at the Novak house anymore. He’ll still be having lunch with Cas every Friday, but with Claire’s schedule back to normal, there will be no more daycare pickups, and far fewer family dinners. Dean is . . . sad. It feels like a breakup, if he’s honest. He almost cries on his way home, after their last post-gymnastics dinner on Thursday.
Since the fair gates don’t open until noon, they play video games while Dean does his laundry. Then Dean’s brother Sam calls, so Cas jumps in the shower, to give him some privacy. When he returns to the living room, rubbing a towel through his wet hair, Dean is pouting.
“Why do you want everybody’s dryer lint, Charlie? That’s pretty odd, even for you,” he asked at lunch one day. “Wait, don’t tell me . . . this has something to do with GISH?” Charlie’s grin was all the confirmation he needed, and he was quick to cut her off before she launched into an explanation. “Nope, don’t care. You can have the dryer lint. I don’t wanna know.”
While Devon had required begging, coercion, and eventual bribery to play a pet, Ryan Farnes thought the whole premise of non-humans playing GISH was hilarious, and chose items that were intentionally tongue in cheek, with Ryan always starring as The Dog. He used Ruby, Charlie, and Zoe as his human adults for
Whenever he tries to ask Cas if he’s happy, he says yes. Literally, that’s it. “Yes”. It’s a flat, declarative statement, with a very definite period at the end, and Dean has no idea how to push the discussion forward after that.
“Yes. Yes, I’m sorry. Just . . . thinking. You’re right, of course. There’s no reason Michael couldn’t be attracted to men as well. That would be perfect, actually.”
“Bye Daddy!” she says, far too loud for 7:30 in the morning, and tilts her face up for a kiss. “Love you!”
Pinned in place by Cas’s attention, Dean blinks once, twice. He looks uncharacteristically helpless. “You wiped me out of your life, Cas. I wouldn’t admit how I felt, ‘cause I was afraid I’d fuck things up and lose you, but then I lost you anyway.”
He tries asking Cas about things he enjoys, and then suggests they do them, but Cas never seems to want to. Gardening? OK, Dean can get behind that. He buys some seeds and brings the subject up, but Castiel doesn’t think the soil on the hill over the bunker gets enough natural sunlight to bother. Talking to animals? The animal shelter in town allows visitors, and they have lots of cats – Cas likes cats. Dean can take some Benadryl and suck it up for an hour or two. But when he suggests it, Cas thinks it would be depressing, since all the cats are basically incarcerated and quite unhappy as a result.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! I lift weights every day!” Dean boasted, scooping Rose up and booping her nose. “Two year olds weigh 20, 30 pounds each. Don’t you, Rosiebear?”He glanced over Rose’s head, at her mom. “Tell her, Marlowe! Babies are heavy!”
That breaks Dean’s heart a little, but it’s also a bit gratifying, if he’s honest. He’s glad the kids miss him, at least, even if Cas doesn’t seem the least bit fazed.
“Stop. Breathe.” Charlie did. “OK. What are these ‘things on a list’? How does a banana bikini help a charity?” Charlie pressed her lips together in excitement and grinned at him. “So, there’s a registration fee for GISH, and part of that money goes to a charity called Random Acts. Also, some of the projects on the list are always about raising money for charities, or donating stuff, or volunteering somewhere.” Dean opened his mouth to ask another question, but Charlie continued, her excitement visibly ramping up again. “BUT a lot of the items are fun, creative, silly stuff. Like, you have to carve a famous person’s portrait into a green pepper, or make and eat a sandwich with your feet, or stage a flash mob at the Post Office.”
Dean’s grin returned immediately. “Oh yeah? That was awfully nice of her. Zoe getting another tattoo?” When Charlie closed her eyes, sipping her chai, Dean winked at Cas.
Cas was bent over Dean’s arm, sketching the 116 tally marks, so only Dean saw his grimace and heard him sigh. Was Charlie ever going to get the hint?
It was adorable, and also Tobias’s pride and joy, since he collected very well-dressed teddy bears, and finally got to give them their moment in the spotlight.
“I’m sorry, I had no idea he was going to do that. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot like that. I’m sure you have better things to do with your Friday night than have dinner with two little kids.”
Cas’s smile widens even further, showing his gums and crinkling up his eyes. “Somethin’. I told you, it’s a beautiful day!” He reaches over and steals a piece of Dean’s bacon. Dean tries to smack his hand away, but he’s too slow, and Cas sits back, rather smugly munching on his greasy prize.
There’s a lot of prolonged, silent eye contact. These two are old pros at the staring contest, but it goes on even longer than usual, and Sam wonders if that’s a good sign or bad. It’s hard to tell with Cas. Sam studies the ceiling, the bookshelf, his shoes. He starts to imagine elevator music playing in the background. After a while, it gets so uncomfortable that Sam is about to clear his throat, and that’s when Cas finally stands up. “I need to think about this,” he announces, and heads towards his room.
Apparently, Dean’s withering glare isn’t enough of a response, so he continues. “Of course he knows. Hell, I met the guy through Charlie, I’m sure she told him all about me.”
A lack of monster activity is good for the world, but it means a lot of down-time for the Winchesters. Cas is taking the opportunity to spend quality time with his man . . . whether Dean likes it or not. (He does not.)
Cas blinks. Dean waits him out. After 30 seconds or so, Castiel finally speaks. “What would you like me to do?”
“I mean it. And I meant what I said to Jack, too. Any time you need me, I’m there, OK? I like being useful, and I like the whole domestic thing, so . . . . Any time you feel like playin’ house, I’m in.”
He shakes his head and wears his softest smile, meeting Castiel’s eyes. “There’s no girl, Cas. No guy either.” Yep, that’s shock on his face, as the implication of Dean’s words register. “And there’s nowhere I’d rather be than here, doing stuff like this, with you three.” He stares into Cas’s eyes for a heartbeat or two, before looking up at the ceiling, nonchalantly. “Well, there IS this ONE guy, but I don’t know if he’s even interested in me like that.” Dean tries to smirk as his eyes are dragged back to Castiel’s face.
“Hell if I know. It’s like he doesn’t even care. What’s gotten into that boy?” Jody replies, staring out the window after Dean.
Sam stares, dumbfounded. “He . . . “ There’s a  long pause, while Sam peers first at Jody, then at Donna, then at the diner window. “You think . . . “ Another pause, followed by a choked giggle. And then another, louder giggle.
Sam was called up next, and (somewhat nervously) sang “Lovers in a Dangerous Time” by Barenaked Ladies. It was a kind of a sad song, but it suited Sam’s voice, and he sounded so heartfelt that it got Dean a little choked up, thinking about how tragic Sammy’s love life had been. When he came back to their table, Dean pulled him into an unexpected bear hug, muttering, “Ya big sap” as he squeezed. Dean tried not to pay too much attention, but it seemed like there was a little more eye contact between Sam and Jody for a few songs after that.
doesn’t make the cut as a “servant of God”, at least for the purposes of killing the Whore of Babylon, then I certainly don’t. But “abomination”?!? Is that what Heaven thinks of me? What can I possibly do to redeem myself, for something that’s not even my goddamn fault?? OK, so I let the Devil out of the cage and started Armageddon once. But that was an accident!
They meet up at Cas’s house a few days later, and Benny’s concerns are confirmed. The exterior wall will need reinforcement, in the form of a very expensive steel beam, but Dean is happy to draw up the plans and gives Cas some free advice about building the outdoor kitchen, too. There’s some fond catching up, and even a little tentative flirtation, but soon enough, Cas has to cut their meeting short to go pick his kids up from day care and school. Dean notices that Cas seems a little harried, the closer they get to the end of the meeting. Cas mentions that it “hasn’t been easy”, raising two small children by himself, but he never says anything about their mom, so Dean doesn’t ask. Maybe they’re adopted, or maybe he had them with a surrogate. None of Dean’s business either way.
“Nope,” Charlie replied, shaking her head. “As far as I can tell, the only matching criteria is whether you’re trying to win the contest, or just playing for fun. The random normie could be in Idaho or Australia, so I doubt we’ll get anyone close enough to physically participate. Yeesh. THAT would be rough.”
Dean huffs a laugh, bloodshot eyes rolling back in his head. “Who knows why Cas is ever irritable? Grumpy is kind of his default setting. Sometimes ya just gotta give him some space, and spend your time somewhere more . . . hospitable.” He chuckles into his coffee, and Donna and Jody share a dark look.
Dean and Claire head to school, Claire chattering the whole way about seeing her friends, and what her teacher might be like, and how much she’s dreading science. They pull up and Claire goes quiet, eyes bright, staring at the building.
“Sam, someone else is driving your car?” Cas asks, so shocked that it comes out nearly in a whisper.
Charlie dragged over one of the extra chairs as Cas began prepping his station. “Ya think? I don’t think she really knows what Cas drinks, though. I mean, they’re not that close. I don’t think she meant to exclude you or anything on purpose, Cas.”
There’s no reply from Cas. Not a word, not a flinch, not an apologetic expression. Not even a dismissive shrug. He’s a goddamn statue.
There’s an unusual amount of flirting, for them. Of course, low-level flirting is kind of Dean’s default setting, so the two have always had a certain level of playful banter, but today it’s more. There are several times when one of them will drag the other by the hand, off to this game or that ride, and then conveniently forget to let go for a while. Neither of them mention this. When they get cotton candy (
Jack is almost glowing with pride . . . he got to help in the kitchen! Claire is ecstatic . . . she hates leftovers, and Dean not only made something better than sandwiches, he’s made Claire’s new favorite food, apparently: chicken pot pies. Cas is stunned, and so relieved that his eyes well up with tears.
They tried to keep it quiet and take it slow, for Claire’s benefit, but she wasn’t falling for it. The third time they spent the night together, Cas was confronted by his daughter in the kitchen.
Cas grunts, carefully etching a straight black line. “No, I’m fairly sure she’s just oblivious. They’ve been friends for a long time, maybe she just assumes Zoe’s flirting is platonic affection? I have no idea.”
Century courtiers, with Sydney’s hair done up in a huge, elaborate Elizabethan style that completely concealed her horns, for
Some of Charlie’s items were absolutely hilarious. Never one to shy away from the bold or audacious, she tended to pick the more eccentric projects (which is saying something, in the context of GISH).
Cas picks up the machine again and bends forward, foot on the pedal, tracing the tiny boxes. “OK, I see your point. But it’s a little different for the Goddess of Love and Sex to use her powers in bed, I think.“
Dean shakes his head, mouth turned down and eyebrows furrowed. “I dunno, man. I think they’re pissed at me for going out last night. Like, I got the impression at breakfast that they thought I should have stuck around the motel with you, maybe?”
Jess, always up for anything outrageous, had a few exceptionally funny submission photos. With the help of Zoe and Sam (and Dean’s precious Impala), she set up
After offering to help, and being assured that Cas has it covered, Dean sits in one the Adirondack chairs, and Cas returns to his cutting board to chop up artichoke hearts. They talk about the renovation, and how happy Cas is with the final result. Dean admires his bricked-in pizza oven, smoking away. “I take it we’re having pizza?”
Dean has been Cas’s best friend since college. Dean had been wrapping up an Engineering degree, and Cas was finishing his undergraduate in History. They met in an LGBT History class senior year, and they just clicked right away. Dean had a girlfriend at the time, and Cas had just split up with Balthazar, so there was nothing romantic between them, but they became great friends, and had been there for each other through all kinds of ups and downs in the intervening years. First came Dean and Lisa’s messy breakup, Cas’s father passing away, and Dean’s mom marrying Bobby. Then Gabriel’s twins being born, and shortly after that, his wife’s suicide. More recently, Dean had gotten his dream job with UTC, only to be laid off two years later, just before Cas’s absolute douche of a boss tried to fire him for being gay. (In the legal battle that followed, that boss was fired, and Cas is not only still employed by the Yale University Library, but is a minor hero amongst its queer staff and patrons.)
Claire turns and kisses Dean’s cheek. “K, love you Dad. Bye!” Dean blinks, stunned, and before he knows it, she’s slamming the Impala’s door and skipping up the walkway.
Finally, Cas steps forward and smiles that smile that’s only ever been for Dean. “I have no intention of leaving, Dean. There’s nowhere in the universe I’d rather be.”
Can rested his palm on the side of Dean’s face and smiled gently at him. “It’s for a good cause, it will be entertaining, and it will make Charlie very happy. And besides, Dean, sometimes silly and goofy is good for you.” Then the angel’s smile widened, and he tapped Dean on the nose. “Boop!”
did it. The two of them have been sabotaging these moments for ages. God, how could they both be so damn stupid?
Because here’s the thing: I think I’d be OK with it. I mean, dating women hasn’t exactly turned out so great for me, and I’m a pretty open-minded guy. And Gabe is really kind of sweet, in his own, weird way. He’s pretty damn funny. (Obnoxious, but funny.) Alright, he’s a little short, but he's taller than most of the girls I've dated, and I bet he’s amazing in bed. (Come on, thousands of years on Earth, and a dozen Cas Erotica videos?) Plus, he’s an archangel. That shit’s gotta come in handy in the bedroom, right?
Casting his glance around the place again, Dean feels a little nauseated. “Dude, this is way beyond a mess. I really like you, but this shit is
“Yes, I hope that’s OK. I’m making one with artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and onions, and one with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and banana peppers. Would you like either of those? If not, I can make you another one.”
“Shit. Sorry you had such a rough night, Cas. Maybe Claire’s adjusting to not doing gymnastics? Like, her body’s used to burning a lot of energy on Tuesdays and Thursdays, so maybe it’s still adjusting to not having that outlet?”
Donna snorts, sipping her Diet Coke. “Well, he doesn’t act like that with anybody else, that’s for sure. And neither does Dean. I know he’s a big, macho hunter, and he’s not the PDA type, but the guy gets honest-to-god heart eyes when that angel walks into the room. You tell me that’s not cute!”
That’s another good point. Maybe this weekend, he could . . . Dean’s phone buzzes with a text message, interrupting that thought. “It’s Cas” he announces.
When Cas just schools his expression back to stoic, shaking his head, Dean shrugs it off and pushes on. “Thing is . . . I don’t know why I was so freaked out by the idea. Look, I know I’m not the most politically correct jackass on the planet, but I got no problem with anybody being gay. ME bein’ gay, though . . . Anyway, I’m 40 freakin’ years old. Figure it’s about time I drop the bullshit and be honest with myself, right? And honest with you.” Dean’s voice gradually becomes more hushed as his bluster fades, and he looks Castiel in the eyes again. “I put you through a lot of crap, Cas – I know that – but I can’t live with myself if I just let you disappear. You don’t know what I was like when you were in the Empty. It was . . . it was bad. I can’t go through that again, man.” Gruff voice breaking, Dean squeezes his eyes shut for a moment. When he looks at Cas again, his eyes are fierce. “I need you. And you need me! You love me, goddammit, I know you do!”
Cas pressed his lips together and subtly turned his head, trying to hide his smirk. “No, just Charlie.”
Jack comes home from visiting Jody, Donna, Claire, and Alex, and has painted nails. Cas & Sam love it. Dean is freaked out and worried about what people will say / how they will treat Jack.
Dean doesn’t turn to face his brother. “No, I’m not cookin. Why don’t you order some pizza? I’ll go into town and pick it up.”
“Oh sweetie, this GISH thing sounds delightful, and I’d be happy to help with any of your little projects. But I think it would be best if you got someone else to transport you. Technically, I CAN move you there and back with very little effort, but the extradimensional space I move through is . . . challenging . . . for humans. You’d all be perfectly safe, physically, but it might drive some of you a little bit, well, insane? I don’t think we should risk that for a photograph. What else can I help with?”
By 6:45, Cas is in the car, halfway to Dean’s. He calls to check in, because he’s a considerate friend (and definitely not because he hasn’t heard Dean’s voice since yesterday).
tell one another the whole truth). They argued now and then, but it never lasted long, as their lives were so interwoven that neither could imagine a world without the other. When they grew older and started dating people, every partner was aware from Day 1 that Cas was a priority in Dean’s life, and vice versa. This resulted in more than one breakup, when the person grew jealous, or expected all of Dean or Cas’s attention, all of the time.
“Of course not. I love you.” But there it is again. ‘I love you’ said with utter calm, with almost no inflection, no facial expression. Cas isn’t insulted that Dean would imply he doesn’t want to spend time together. He’s not shocked that Dean would suggest such a thing. There’s no urgency. He’s not worried about reassuring Dean. It’s just a flat statement of fact.
Some of the projects should have been nearly impossible, but since they had very unusual friends, the team was able to knock out a couple of the more obscure location-based items. These included
that Dean can take off after a fight and go play doctor with some rando at the nearest bar? Really?”
Dean and Cas are in different sections of Walmart, texting back & forth. Cas wants to buy Dean some panties, and Dean freaks out.
Dean stared at the top of Castiel’s head, soft, goofy smile plastered on his face. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “Sometimes, you just know.”
“How is it not a problem, Cas? We have a mermaid, two weres, a vampire, two half-fae, a djinn, and an aren on the team,” Charlie whined.
Castiel shakes his head slowly. Madison sighs. “Zoe needs to stop beating around the bush and just tell her, for crying out loud. Maybe the next tattoo should say, ‘Please be my girlfriend’ in big block letters.”
Dean chucks the now empty cotton candy pouch away, sucking the sticky sugar off his fingers, just as they reach the front of the line. When they board the car, Cas sits maybe 3” away from Dean, and tucks the arm of his I Wuv Hugs bear safely into his belt. Dean scoffs at him. “You’re really keepin’ that thing, huh?”
Donna got back on stage to sing Kelly Clarkson’s “What Doesn’t Kill You”, winking at the table over the decidedly unromantic, monster-related double entendre of the song. By then it was nearly midnight, and the crowd was more than a little bit lubricated, so the song turned into a sing along. It was a lot of fun, and Dean was glad he let the gang talk him into this.
Understanding dawns on Dean’s face, followed quickly by indignation. He spins to face the women. “I am NOT a cheater! How could you even THINK that I’d do that to Cas?” He looks up, when Cas clears his throat. “Oh yeah, right. And we’re not a couple! We broke up over a year ago! Jeez!”
, Dean thinks, as he drives back to his office. Dean loves kids. He practically raised his little brother after his mom died, and the hardest part of his breakup with Lisa had been leaving her son, Ben. But he knows Castiel has no relationship with his family, and there’s clearly no spouse in the current picture. Dean can’t imagine how hard it must be for Cas, raising two kids all alone, even working from home.
The rest of lunch flies by. The conversation is easy and relaxed, and the pizza is fantastic. Dean even eats a veggie slice, and it’s good. Not as good as the sausage and pepperoni, but good. They joke about Benny and a few of the contractors who worked on Cas’s patio. They compare the best ways to get rid of fire ants. They debate the merits of pimento cheese. (Dean is definitely not a fan, but it’s grown on Cas in the decade that he’s lived here.) They compare notes on Raleigh restaurants. They reminisce about college. They have a great time.
Marlowe and Teema both did that high-pitched, “aww” thing that he heard a lot lately. Apparently everyone who knew Cas was just delighted that he’d finally found himself a boyfriend. Dean rolled his eyes with a smile and gave Teema his coffee order.
So, when Amelia was diagnosed with cancer, Dean volunteered to start picking 5-year-old Claire up from school, so Amelia could rest after her radiation and chemo appointments. He tried to keep Claire occupied with trips to the playground, Build-A-Bear, mini-golf, and anything else he could think of, but by the time her 6
Sam walks back into the room, setting pie and ice cream down on the table. “Hey, weird question, but did you have a boyfriend in college?”
“So, is Cas irritable because you got wasted last night, or did you get wasted because Cas was irritable?” Jody asks, eyebrows raised, as soon as the angel has stepped outside.
“Hang on, I have an idea!” Sam exclaims, and jumps out of his chair. He returns a few minutes later, carrying the last few Carver Edlund books.
After a decade of repression, denial, and longing stares, Dean and Castiel have finally admitted their feelings for one another. They’re officially a couple: sharing a bedroom in the bunker, saying I Love You, holding hands in public, the whole thing. It took exactly one night for Dean to adjust to having Cas in his bed. It took about a week for Sam to run out of sappy comments and corny couples jokes. It took about a month for Dean to adjust to being allowed to touch Cas in public, to people knowing they were together.
That gets a laugh from Castiel. “Unless it said ‘Please be my girlfriend CHARLIE’, I think it’d still go right over her head.”
Two months before her wedding, Madison Farnes calls Castiel’s studio to book a tattoo to honor her relationship with Michaela. She wants a section of a crossword puzzle, using the Greek words for five types of love (eros, pragma, philia, ludus, and agape), as well as the Greek word for eternity (aion). Cas has already done a few tattoos for the werewolf, and one for the goddess, so he’s not surprised to hear from Madison. He’s half expecting Michaela to call within the next couple of weeks, too.
That brings the goofy grin back to it’s rightful spot on Cas’s face. He tugs at the bottom of Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer. “Yes, please.”
Lunch with Cas on Friday feels a bit strained. After a few minutes, Dean can’t take the tension, and asks what’s wrong. Cas’s face crumples, just a little.
Over the next week or so, Charlie continued to recruit for her GISH team, landing Tobias Abercromby (the half-fae tailor), Jess, Sam, and the veterinarian, Ryan Farnes. Ruby Perrino had also convinced her boyfriend Gabriel to play. By the time the end of July rolled around, Charlie had shifted into planning mode, and Dean had heard a
Dean gives his sister-in-law the flattest stare he can muster. Eileen snorts, shaking her head. “OK, yeah. What was I thinking? This is YOU we’re talking about.”
Cas blushes again, rolling his eyes. “I’ve been interested all along, Dean. I just thought it was a moot point.”
When they finally collapse on the bed, sated and sweaty, Dean is stretched out with his arms open, waiting for Cas to curl up against him. There is, of course, nowhere Cas would rather be, and he closes his eyes, snuggling into Dean’s body heat. He’s not quite sleepy yet, so he indulges in a little daydream about what it would be like to do this every night, to have a life with Dean. He wonders if Dean would want kids, if he’d want to adopt, or find a surrogate. He thinks about baby names. He pictures going to their daughter’s wedding, growing old with Dean, sitting in rocking chairs and holding hands. Foolish to lose himself in impossible fantasies, he knows, but sometimes he just can’t help imagining how things might be, in another life.
Three-quarters of the way up, Dean starts to sweat. He scoots closer to Cas, then immediately freezes, when the car begins to rock from the motion. He reaches out and grabs Cas’s right hand, squeezing. “I don’t know why I let you drag me up here.”
(Thank you to everyone who took photos of Jared Padalecki's feet at the Seattle Marathon, so I didn't have to guess what brand to use!)
The brothers sit down to strategize like they’re on a hunt. Sam makes lists, they brainstorm, they look through angel lore, and by dinner time, they have come up with a game plan to convince Cas. Sam prays to him and asks Cas to come meet him in a park in Lebanon. A few minutes after Cas arrives, Dean pulls up in the Impala, directly in Cas’s line of sight.
“Yeah Cas, it’s clear. I’m all in, man.” He takes a deep breath and lifts his chin just a bit. “Just . . . just don’t take off on me again, OK?”
In the morning, Cas finds Melandriel at the kitchen table with Sam. The hunter is sitting at one end of the table, the angel at the next chair down, and they’re both leaning in as they speak. Sam’s left hand is flat on the table between them, with Melandriel’s hand curled a few centimeters away, almost-but-not-quite touching Sam.
This could have been a cute, silly reproduction of an island vacation, or a chance to be a movie star in an over-the-top home video. But Melanie had immediately thought of her mom, and told the team about it in a group text conversation on Day 4.
Setting Claire down on the island and the grocery bags on the countertop, Dean lays out his proposal: They play Twister, then watch Ice Age 2, then Dean will make stuffed tomatoes for dinner. Cas’s face goes a little pale at the suggestion of Twister, but by the time Dean finishes speaking, the kids are jumping around in excitement, and Cas is staring at him with a look of affectionate awe.
He held his left arm out, picturing the tally marks on his blank skin. Such a simple design for such a complicated concept. His eyes shifted up to the charred heart on his chest, then over to his most recent tattoo, which was another simple design for an even more complicated concept: a crimson handprint covering the entire ball of his left shoulder. He found it hard to tear his eyes away from that one. It was an exact replica of Castiel’s physical handprint superimposed on the exact spot he’d grabbed Dean’s soul, to lift him out of Hell, 11 years earlier.
Madison sighs dramatically, rolling her eyes. “Oh honey, your dad really did a number on you, huh?” This earns her a grimace from Castiel. “OK, #1) Your grace is an inherent part of you, and you should be free to use it however you see fit. It’s not squandering. It doesn’t cheapen the gift of sight when you check out Dean’s ass, does it? There’s nothing evil or disrespectful about using the tools you possess. Seriously honey, there’s no need to martyr yourself over this shit.”
Though Cas was bisexual and Kelly was straight, there had never been any romantic chemistry between them. At a business dinner once, a colleague wondered aloud if the friends had ever been a couple, and after a brief, incredulous look between the two, Cas and Kelly had laughed so hard they started to get dirty looks from the maître d. But after a string of bad relationships, Kelly decided to give up on romance entirely, and move forward with life on her own terms. She wanted to have a child of her own, and asked Cas to be her sperm donor. In exchange, she offered to move in, to help with Claire full-time. They planned to raise both kids together, platonically, sharing the house, the expenses, the responsibility of parenting. Since Cas couldn’t even imagine trying to date again, it seemed like a perfect arrangement. And it probably would have worked, if only Kelly hadn’t died in childbirth. Once again, Cas was all alone, this time with a 3 ½ year old and a newborn, and once again, mourning the mother of his youngest child.
“I’ve tried to get you to go to the fair almost every year since college, and you say no every single time.”
Cas half-turned from his station to throw a fondly exasperated glance at Dean. “You can’t blame them for having short lifespans, Carnegie. Besides, it’s not like goblins are eternal. From my perspective, your life isn’t much longer than Dean’s.”
, Esther taught Cas how to knit. Once he had it down, Cas spent an hour convincing Devon to be the cat in his photo. In the end, Devon required bribery. He was perfectly willing to wear a little knitted sweater, but the booties were almost a deal-breaker.
Technically, he’s the King of Hell. He’s cool, though (mostly). I promise there’s nothing to worry about. Besides, we have 4 angels, a golem, and a dozen hunters here. And his mom. We’re fine.
They set up in Tobias’s salt-water swimming pool, for the lighting, and Jess hid her tail in a sleeping bag and pulled her long, blonde hair over her gills, while Cas sat on a cooler at the plastic, inflatable campfire, with a marshmallow on a stick. They both had a lot of fun, but Dean was a little annoyed at having his borrowed tent returned sopping wet.
“I can see how that would be useful.” Finishing the last letter of LUDUS and wiping Madison’s skin, Castiel tilts his own head. “Dean always says he’s ‘fine’ [air quotes], even when he’s very upset. It hasn’t come up much between us yet, but apparently it’s been Sam’s greatest frustration with him for decades.”
Melanie was kept blissfully unaware that her team was not entirely human, but she was a little intimidated by the fact that the whole team not only knew each other, but actually lived in the same town. Charlie did her best to reassure the woman in a Messenger conversation.
It was a simple tattoo and Dean barely felt it. The three of them chatted away, discussing recent tattoo designs and the kids at day care, and eventually moving on to gossip about their friends.
Rent, and was always listening to the soundtrack, enough that some of the songs had apparently seeped into Dean’s own subconscious.
He stopped by Bobby’s garage to say hi and to check out the 1970 LS6 Chevelle that Dr. Agondray was having restored. It was a bit of a mess right now, but Dean couldn’t wait to see how she looked once Bobby was finished with her. Maybe he’d even let Dean help.
who I am and still loves me unconditionally. Sure, we fight and we kinda hate each other sometimes, but even at our worst, he would do absolutely anything for me. That’s something I can’t say about anyone else, not our parents, not even Cas.
Then it was Dean’s turn. He hadn’t sung karaoke in a long time, but he still sang a lot in the shower, in the car, and in the garage, so his voice wasn’t rusty. He’d had just enough whiskey to really get into his rendition of “Wanted Dead or Alive” by Bon Jovi, and he definitely played it up. (OK, so maybe he wanted to show up Adam Lambert a little, so sue him.) Dean had a good voice, and he knew it, though he usually clowned around when he sang near other people. As a result, most of their little group was amazed to learn that Dean could actually sing! He had a low, rough, sexy voice, with steady pitch, and good timing. Sam, Castiel and Jack already knew, of course, but the girls were pretty damn impressed. “Jeez Louise, Dean! You never told us you could sing!” Donna squealed, as Dean ambled back to his seat. “Aww, sheriff . . . I can do all kinds of things you don’t know about” he flirted back. Donna blushed and smacked Dean’s arm. “Oh you! Save it for your handsome boyfriend over there.”
“Ohh sweetheart,” Dean replies, chuckling softly. “I’d like to see you try.” He squeezes Cas once and kisses him on the temple again. “Now, come on. You pick up all this dog crap and get all the trash together. I’ll see if I can get the blood out of any of the towels or clothes. You got any peroxide?” Cas nods again. “Good.”
“Cas, you spent 10 hours reading yesterday. You spent MAYBE an hour with me, and that was breakfast and dinner. That’s how every freakin’ day goes. I cook for you, I clean the bunker, I take care of the cars, I clean the guns. You read. All day, every day, unless we’re out on a case.”
Dorothy is a few months along in her pregnancy, and things are going well (aside from the morning sickness). Cas is chill, Charlie is chill, Dorothy is chill (except for the morning sickness). Dean is . . . less chill. He's mother-henning poor Dorothy half to death, and they're only in month 4!
happen, theoretically . . . Dean’s always tried to hide it from me, but I know he’s into guys. And Cas is “utterly indifferent to sexual orientation”. So there’s nothing standing in their way, from that perspective.
Cas still looks more distracted than concerned or annoyed, which seems rather off in this situation. “No,” he mumbles. “There’s a skylight on the roof, though. I can just climb up there and get the skylight open, probably.”
“And? The readers have only ever SEEN him with women. They’re not omniscient. I mean, lots of people have only ever seen ME with women, so they probably assume I’m straight. Doesn’t make it true”, Dean offers, nonchalantly.
Cas returns to the bunker with a pecan pie and a six pack of Dean’s favorite beer. Sam grins proudly when he spots him in the map room, and unlike Melandriel, he
Goofy smile still firmly in place, Cas just shakes his head. “No, you’re good. A little sticky, but good.”
Dean’s eyebrows were creeping up his forehead as Charlie talked. “Obviously you’re pretty psyched about this, but uhh . . . it really doesn’t sound like my kinda thing, kiddo.” He shook his head a little, looking slightly apologetic as his friend deflated.
Castiel is out running errands, and makes a new friend. Dean is not on board. (Spoiler: Cas wants a puppy.)
Did you wonder where Sam went, in the middle of Dean's confession? He had to tell Eileen the big news, of course!
Biting back the dirty innuendo on the tip of his tongue, Dean just grins. “Hey, can I talk to you in the kitchen for a sec?” Cas looks slightly concerned, but nods his assent, and they get up from the couch. Neither of the kids even turns their head.
They were a great little family. They just … fit. Claire called Dean’s brother “Uncle Sam” and babysat his kids. Dean and Cas went grocery shopping together every Friday. They had joint bank accounts. They were each other’s Power of Attorney, they were in each other’s wills, on each other’s insurance policies. They bought a little vacation cabin together. They adopted a dog together.
Dean reaches out, takes Cas’s hand. And because Dean is Dean, he has to break the serious, emotional moment with a joke. “You’re not just using me for my stuffed tomatoes, are ya?” he asks, winking.
Dean hates it when Cas takes off without saying anything. So, they come to a compromise - Cas will leave Dean a note if he has to leave unexpectedly.
Melanie’s mother had been a young, single mom, her husband walking out on them when Melanie was just a baby. She’d worked two jobs for almost 20 years, finally quitting one of them only when Melanie had finished college. Her mom had played piano when she was young, and was quite good. They couldn’t afford a piano of their own, of course, but Melanie’s earliest memories were of her mom playing records of classical music, and dancing Melanie around the room, in her arms. She was always humming Beethoven and Chopin, and when she was home, she would play air piano on the kitchen table. Melanie’s maternal grandparents had an upright piano years ago, but when her dad left, her grandparents sold the piano and their house, moving into a smaller place nearby, so they could help take care of Melanie. She had always dreamed of being able to buy her mom a piano, and she’d saved up more than $1000 over the years. The problem was, she’d have to buy from a music shop if she wanted it delivered, and $1000 didn’t even come close, even for a “previously loved” upright, in decent condition.
“Well, get off your ass and do it then. I will if you will.” She still didn’t face him, but Dean saw her smirk as she looked at him from the corner of her eye.
As they all started migrating towards Castiel’s workspace, Dean oh-so-casually observed, “That Chai’s from I Wish for This, and The Barkery isn’t open yet, so Zoe wasn’t working. That means Zoe went from her place to the far end of downtown, then back up here, just to make a tattoo appointment?”
Gabriel said something that has Jack worried about the future of his family, so he goes to Cas for reassurance. Also, references to chicken & dumplings, and warm chocolate chip cookies.
write another book, beginning a whole new series, and his publisher is a constant presence in his email, checking in on his progress and reminding him of editorial deadlines. Writing seems to be the only thing Cas has confidence in, his job the only part of his life where he ever feels like he’s got things under control. He never imagined this would be his life, and he always feels stretched thin, practically and emotionally. He’s aware that he’s terribly lonely, but he just can’t imagine finding the time or mental space to date and forge a new relationship. More than that, who would want to date him? He’s been told he’s handsome enough, and he’s certainly more stable than many single men, but he’s 38 (far too old for the dating scene, apparently), bisexual (which has garnered him more than a few rejections from both sides of the aisle), and has two little kids (a deal-breaker on any number of dating profiles). He’s a lost cause, and that’s fine. Cas has resigned himself to the rare one-night hookup, and figures he’ll worry about romance when the kids are older. It’s fine. Mostly.
“OK, little Miss Fourth Grader, your father’s gonna pick you up after school. You have a great first day. I love you lots.”
They’d closed down the studio for that session, to guarantee privacy, and Dean had been grateful for that. The tattoo had hurt terribly and been intensely erotic
“Is that bikini made of . . . bananas?” he asked, and reached out to the phone’s screen to scroll down.
“I can’t thank you enough, Dean. This is SO thoughtful. I’d started to dread gymnastics nights. I like to cook, but Jack was so grumpy by the time we got home, and it was so late, I just couldn’t find the energy to do a decent dinner. I’m so grateful. Honestly Dean, I couldn’t ask for a better friend.”
Did you know the Supernatural fangirls talk about this shit in the chat rooms online? They call my dick the Peen of Death! WTF?!?! That’s not funny!
This one was also Zomo’s, and since pretty much everyone in Cornucopia had a good stash of Halloween costumes, there was no shortage of kids to hold signs. Plus, costumes allowed equal opportunity for everyone to be in the photo, since pink hair, horns, fur, and beards could be easily disguised or hidden. As word spread, they ended up with far more than 15 children wanting to participate, so they had a big group photo, with 15 of the kids in front, holding the signs. The picture ended up featuring Christopher Simon (his Monopoly Man hat covering up his nubbly horns), David the Little Rock elemental (Thing from Fantastic Four), Ewen (Barney Rubble), Meriel (Betty Rubble), Robbie Collins (Olaf from Frozen), Rose Collins (Elsa from Frozen), September Juno (a priest), Tuesday Kuraci (a bunny rabbit), Aeryn Kuraci (a pink-haired unicorn), Wyatt Foundersson (a bearded Mark Twain), Endra Rivers (Wonder Woman), Echo Andoren (cowgirl), Gates Tran (Willy Wonka), and Melissa Boyce (Johnny the gorilla, from Sing). All the kids were beaming, excited about having their photo in a contest, and the 15 up front even more so, very proud that they were picked to hold the signs. This was the last group item the team did, and when it was done, Zomo knew he’d be playing GISH every year.
“I absolutely do not. Besides, I already told Jack I’d be there. Wouldn’t wanna disappoint my new little buddy, would I? What time do you want me, and what can I bring?”
An hour after Cas leaves, Sam sits Dean down and goes over everything Melindriel told him. Dean is predictably furious and hurt that Cas would wipe him from his memory like that, but Sam interrupts his angry rant, exasperated.
And just like that, he sees it. They have these sweet little moments – romantic moments – all the damn time! And one of them
While there, Cas learned that nearly all remaining angels (even runaways and those in exile), had returned to Heaven in the wake of Chuck’s Big Reveal. Their total population was now 27, not including Michael. It was known that Michael / Adam had left the Cage, but no one had heard from him. Naomi continued to run Heaven, where they were attempting to consolidate everyone’s personal heavens into a linked community, to keep Heaven going with limited angelic power. Castiel did his part to assist in the process, spending several weeks among his angelic family, stitching Heavens together and attending planning meetings. It was boring, but necessary work, and Cas felt he owed it to the angels.
“So, turns out I’m in love with Cas, and I want him back, no matter what. I’m done freakin out. How do we do this?”
Everyone did more than they expected to, with the team submitting a grand total of 84 items. Their only real supernatural difficulty was, as Cas predicted, Sydney’s horns, but they only presented a problem in two cases, and the team just worked around them. In one item, she and Tobias dressed as 16
By the time breakfast is ready, Dean is stumbling out into the kitchen, making a beeline for the coffee maker. Cas steps into his path, beaming, and hands him a cup, already full.
Sure enough, his glee is enough to overpower even Dean’s early-morning grump. (At least, now that he’s had some coffee.) Finally, Dean’s eyebrows rise, his lips turn up at one corner, and he shrugs. “OK, fine. It’s a beautiful day. Ya got any plans for it?”
But Sam has a point here. The only relationships Cas really knows about are Cassie and Lisa. Cas almost never goes to gay bars (or any bars, thanks to being a single dad), so he’s never run into Dean there. He’s never been to Dean’s house, so he’s never seen the photos of him and Benny at Pride, way back when. Dean’s never worn his favorite, “Do you like boys or girls? YES.” t-shirt around Cas. And he’s certainly never gotten naked with him (
thing. I’m so, SO lonely, but nearly every woman I hook up with ends up dead. (Except for that year I didn’t have a soul, but even some of THEM died.) I honestly thought it would end when we killed Azazel, but then there was Ruby, and then Madison, and Amy, Annie, and Sarah. I just heard that Amelia Richardson died in a car crash a while back, too! And then Eileen. Man, I really thought we might end up together, long term. I gave up on the idea of a normal life with anyone a long time ago, but settling down with another hunter, that’s a different story. And Eileen was so great. She didn’t deserve what happened to her.
He pulls away and drives to the end of the block before he pulls over. His nose is already running, eyes watering, as he digs his phone out to text Cas.
“They really do. And I happen to know that Jess is extremely happy with him. I have no doubt she’ll accept Sam’s proposal, whenever he offers it,” Cas muttered, inking the last vertical line on Dean’s forearm.
ready. It took him a while to recognize it in himself. At first, Cas was snippy and sarcastic whenever Dean went on a date with anyone, which was quite unlike him. He sat closer on the couch when they watched movies with Claire. He stared. (OK, he’d always stared a bit, but now he STARED.) Eventually he realized exactly what had changed, and one night, after Claire’s 8
There was pie, and laughter, and quite a bit of snark at the diner. Jack may or may not have been responsible for Dean’s apple pie dematerializing from his fork, every time he tried to take a bite. Sam and Jody may or may not have sat very close together in the booth. Later, they all piled into their respective cars, and headed home, after many hugs and promises to “revisit this karaoke thing” again soon. When the boys were finally back at their motel, and everyone went to bed, Cas settled down next to Dean, to meditate and read while Dean slept. Except every time he glanced over at Dean, he found his eyes open, staring at Cas, with a soft smile on his face. After the fourth time, Cas tilted his head and furrowed his eyebrows in question, but all Dean said was, “I can’t believe I get to have this. Have you”. Cas ducked his head and smiled down at his book. “I told you, Dean. Good things do happen.”
“Yeah, no shit, you’re ALWAYS reading. We get back from a case and you go straight to the library. I HATE the library, but here I am, camped out for hours, like some desperate loser, thinking I might get some attention if I’m two feet away from you. But no! We’re supposed to be a couple, Cas, so why is it the only time you talk to me anymore is when we’re eating or when we’re in bed?”
Everyone turned their eyes to Claire, expectantly, and we greeted with a monumental sigh, and an eye roll that should have given Claire a view of her own spine. As she opened her mouth to complain, however, Dean dashed and swept her off her feet, carrying her toward the Impala. Claire let out an indignant squeal, smacking at Dean’s shoulder. “DUDE!” Dean continued on his way, encouraged by the laughter and applause behind him. “Sorry kiddo, you’re outvoted. Democracy in action.” he told her, depositing the blonde on the back bumper. Claire sat there and scowled, until Jack came over to sit next to her. He put his arm around Claire and asked, very sincerely, “Please come have pie with us, Claire?” With that, she smiled at Jack, then stuck her tongue out at Dean. “See?
Charlie started counting off on her fingers. “Me, Cas, Sam, Jess, Zomo, Tobias, Garth, Jenna and Sydney, Khalid, Zoe, Kristina Conrad, Ryan Farnes, and Ruby.”
“My point exactly. But look, Cas, I’m sorry I snapped at you before I left last night. I didn’t expect to be here this long, and I needed to blow off some steam, but that’s not your fault. I shouldn’t take shit out on you.”
“I’m not your housekeeper, Cas, I’m your boyfriend! You’re supposed to WANT to spend time with me! For fuck’s sake, you know it’s bad when DEAN WINCHESTER is complaining about your lack of communication skills.”
Jack opens his swollen little eyes to focus on the screen, and his sobs immediately taper off in to sniffles. “Dean?” he says, in the tiniest, most unsure voice.
Dean tilts his head down, pressing their foreheads together. “So, it’s probably pretty obvious by now, but, umm . . . I uhh, I’ve kinda been in love with you for years. Glad you finally caught up.”
Castiel tries not to react to Dean’s assertion, but his face must betray some of his skepticism, because Dean stops, sidetracked. “What!? What’s with the eyebrow?”
When Cas finally fell in love, inevitably, it was with someone who respected Dean’s role in his life. Amelia genuinely liked Dean. She included him in their plans, inviting him to her sister’s house for Christmas, consulting him on plans for Cas’s birthday, and making pie for Dean’s birthday every year. When she and Castiel moved in together, Amelia insisted they get a house with a big garage, because, “where is Dean supposed to put the Impala when he’s here in bad weather?”. Amelia mothered him, and Dean, who’d lost his own mom as a toddler, loved her for it. Her affection for Dean was part of the reason Castiel fell for her in the first place.
Cas is excited. OK, maybe giddy, if he’s being honest. Between work and family, and that project Dean was helping his Aunt Ellen with, he hasn’t seen Dean in almost a month. But Ellen’s porch is finished, both their work schedules have finally calmed down, and he’s is going over to Dean’s place for dinner tonight.
Donna was followed on stage by a middle aged brunette man, who probably should have stopped drinking an hour ago. He stumbled and slurred his way through “Shake it Off” by Taylor Swift, but it was still pretty entertaining.
Cas looks up at the next ride in the row they’re walking along. Ferris wheel – arguably the most romantic ride in the park. Perfect. He grabs Dean’s clean hand and pulls him into the short, late afternoon line.
Dean and Castiel have always been a package deal, but they weren’t always a couple. They grew up in the same town and met in 6
That thought held his attention all the way downtown, where he passed by Metamorphosis Tattoo, crossed the giant community parking lot, and slipped into the back entry of Ebb & Flow Coffee. Teema, the 20 year old badass barista, was behind the counter, and two customers were just leaving via the front door. The owner was also there, but Dean was surprised to see Marlowe in
“Yeah? Well, you’ve been ASSUMING Cas isn’t into you this whole time. But if he thinks you’re completely out of bounds . . . “
They make it to the bedroom, but most of their clothes wind up on the back of the couch or in the hallway. In the end, they’re down to boxers and socks by the time they hit the bed. There’s a certain amount of frantic squirming, some giggling, and a sock that goes flying across the room, and finally, they’re both naked.
*I'm thinking about writing the karaoke bar as a normal chapter, full sentences and all, but I'm not sure if that will break the mood of the texting thing I've been sticking to with this story. Thoughts? Let me know what your opinion is, please.*
Claire is pretty sure she has some big news about Jody and Donna, and she can't wait to share her speculations with Cas.
Cas nods, sliding both arms around Dean’s waist, in a hug. “Thank you for not being mad at me, or for running away.”
“So, how are things going with Sam and Jessandriel? They’re getting pretty serious, right?” Charlie asked
The angel looks sad for a moment, but recovers quickly, and reaches out to cover Castiel’s hand with her own. “I know you’ve had a lot of conflict with Heaven over the years, but the days of Zachariah and Rafael are over. Those of us who are left are embracing free will, compassion, compromise. We’re remembering what love is. This is a new world we’re living in, and you saw it before any of us, Castiel. Plus,” she says, suddenly looking a bit bashful, “I’ve always kind of been rooting for you and Dean”.
Donna pats his arm. “No, no, nothing weird happened. Besides the usual weird, anyway. It’s just . . . look, I know it’s not our business, but Cas is a great guy, and we love Dean, but this is just not OK,” she sputters.
Cas and Charlie both came up front, one looking eager and the other dismayed. “Have I told you how much I adore you?” Castiel whispered, reaching for the tan cup that bore his name.
If I’m honest, I kinda have a thing for Jody Mills. Pretty sure it’s mutual, too. But it doesn’t matter. I can’t risk it; that wouldn’t be fair to Jody. Plus, I don’t know think I could go through all that again. I mean, statistically, she’s got a 50% chance of surviving any kind of relationship with me, at best. How fucked up is that? (no pun intended)
Their mom snorted a laugh at that, baseball cap between her teeth as she pulled her dark blonde hair back into a pony tail. Tugging the hat back onto her head, she elaborated. “No such luck: doctor’s appointment. How ya doin, Dean? Wait, it’s Tuesday - are YOU skipping school?”
planning to find a human mate. Cas doesn’t answer, but he looks like he’s eaten something that’s still moving.
A quick visit to the internet confirms that yes, this is THE Dean Winchester. HIS Dean Winchester. It also confirms that Dean still looks incredible. Ahem.
want pie, Dean – celebration or not. But sure, I’m in.” Dean leaned his head on Cas’s shoulder, giving him puppy dog eyes. “What d’ya say, Cas? Pie? Pleeeeaaasse?” Cas just laughed at him, and kissed his nose. “OK”.
Donna was called onstage next, and sang “Ex’s and Oh’s” by Elle King. She started a bit shaky, obviously nervous, but Jody and Sam and Claire hooted and hollered, cheering her on, and by the second verse, Donna was strutting around the little stage and winking at the audience. Cas didn’t understand why she was acting so provocatively, until Dean leaned over and whispered a few brief explanations for the lyrics’ innuendo. After that, Cas laughed and wolf-whistled at Donna with everyone else.
Charlie’s jaw dropped open. “No shit, really?! OMG!” she screeched. Suddenly her hands were flapping around and she was doing that “aww” squeaky thing. “That’s amazing, Dean! Those two make the sweetest couple. Ugh. So stinkin’ cute.”
Plus, I know for a fact that he likes pop music. I’ve heard him playing Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga when he didn’t know I was nearby. Fucker.
at anyone else since he started sleeping with Dean. As of last week, the two of them have been unofficially monogamous for a year. They don’t discuss it, of course, because Cas is damn well not going to jinx it, and Dean has still never even hinted that they should be a real couple (though literally every one of their friends and family members has).
Abby and Cas blinked at Charlie, waiting for her explanation to make sense. After a few seconds, she continued in an exaggeratedly patient tone. “The teams have to have at least 15 people. If you don’t have 15 when registration closes, they merge you with another team, or throw random individual players on your team, to fill it up. That means we’re going to have a NORMAL, non-Cornucopia HUMAN on our team! How are we supposed to interact with them for a whole week without them noticing there’s something a little ‘off’ over here?”
“Psshht, no! I’m only helping because it gets me brownie points with Cas.” He stuffed another marshmallow into his mouth, mumbling, “and free candy”.
Dean must notice the reluctance painted on Castiel’s face, because he leans in and resorts to flat-out begging. “Just get your memories back, Cas. Please? You can tell me to fuck off if you want, once you remember. And hell, maybe you will. But shouldn’t you have all the information first, before you throw me to the wolves?”
That weekend is not pretty. It involves a lot of beer, four separate, sappy, rom-com chick-flicks, and Dean repeatedly pulling out his phone to stare at his 48 photos of Cas, Claire, and Jack.
Eileen Leahy, Donna Hanscom, Jesse Cuevas, Cesar Cuevas, Crowley, Rowena MacLeod, Gabriel, Bess Fitzgerald, Alex Jones Mills, Patience Moseley, Kaia Nieves, Linda Tran, Aaron Bass, Johan the Golem, Hannah
A week later, Benny, Dean, Lee, and a few other Accounting folks go to karaoke night. On Monday, Lee doesn’t show up for work, and hasn’t posted anything on social media all weekend. That’s odd, but this wouldn’t be the first time Lee’s gone on a bender for a few days, so Dean tries not to worry about it. By Thursday, he’s still MIA, but the cops don’t seem concerned about it, so Dean puts it out of his mind. It’s not like they were close, and Lee was a bit of an asshole, anyway.
Dean takes to him in an instant. He’s a blonde miniature of Cas, complete with head tilt and deadpan delivery. Jack is equally taken with Dean, apparently. The next morning, Cas calls and explains that Jack had insisted they call, so Jack could say hello. That’s all he gets out before Jack grabs the phone, asking Dean what he had for breakfast, did he sleep good, what he was doing today, and can he come over for dinner tonight? Dean can hear Cas in the background, clearly caught unawares by his son’s invitation, but Dean says yes anyway. When Cas gets the phone away from the four year old, he apologizes to Dean.
Always a little fascinated by angels (and particularly by pretty brunette angels), Sam draws their conversation out a bit. But once Melindriel leaves, Sam gets back on the road and calls Dean.
Castiel Novak is the last person Dean expects to get an email from. He’s always wished they’d stayed in touch, always wondered what became of the intense, preoccupied, nerdy-hot Journalism major. He certainly didn’t expect the answer to be, “became a major author, moved to Raleigh, had two kids, and somehow ended up a single dad”. Benny had mentioned something earlier about consulting on a kitchen job on Angel Lake Drive, but when he dropped the client’s name, Dean immediately started scrolling through his inbox.
“Just have someone keep an eye on the list every day, or set up alerts for the GISH Facebook page or Twitter feed. They always announce it when something is changed or added.”
“I don’t get the problem, man. Is there a scene in the existing books where he’s homophobic, or specifically tells someone that he’s straight?”
“I’m not terribly worried about the cost. I don’t plan on moving anytime soon, but if I ever do sell this place, I suspect this renovation project will add significant value to the home. Do you have anyone you could recommend, as an Engineer?”
about my life. They both thought they loved me, but how is that possible, when they didn’t really know me? Dean’s the only one who knows
“What? No, no. I just wasn’t expecting anyone and my place is a mess,” Cas hurries to explain, stepping out onto the landing and shutting the door behind him. They chat for a minute, but Cas is obviously trying to get rid of him. He makes some lame excuse and turns around to go back inside, but he’s locked himself out.
Cas’s stormy blue eyes focus on Dean’s face, and he tilts his head, examining the man closely. “And what has changed since then?”
Garth asks Dean & Cas to babysit his baby (werewolf) daughter. Dean accidentally spills the beans about Dorothy & Charlie's plans to become parents.
See, the thing is . . . I’m a little surprised too. God knows Dean was shocked (and hurt . . and pissed) when he found out that I didn’t look for him. Fight # 42,857. But what I never told him, was that I wouldn’t have survived that experience again. I think I forced myself to shut it out and leave my whole identity behind, rather than face the grief of losing my brother again. Compartmentalization, I think they call it. Because I’d gone through it all before; years ago. Before Dean went to Hell, even. Back when Gabriel put us through that Mystery Spot bullshit. Seeing Dean die 100 Tuesdays in a row was unbelievably traumatic, but when he died that last time, on Wednesday, and he stayed dead . . . I think I kinda lost my mind. I remember feeling like every single person I loved had died, like I’d lost literally everything, like I couldn’t rest until I found a way to get Dean back. Hell, I acted like Soulless me, now that I think about it. I was a single-minded machine, hunting down “Loki” at all costs, no matter what. Bobby was all I had left, and I completely iced him out. When I finally got my hands on Gabriel / Loki, I cried, bargained, begged him to bring Dean back. I was a basket-case.
By the time they start to discuss more recent events, Cas believes that Dean is who they say he is, but he doesn’t understand why he would choose to erase his own memory. Dean clams up, while Sam tries to tactfully explain why he thinks Cas did what he did. Apparently, he’s a little too tactful.
When Amelia learned that her cancer had continued to spread, she sat Cas down and gave him the rather bleak prognosis. She was calm and pragmatic, and she explained that they needed to be practical and get on the same page, for Claire’s sake. Then she called Dean. Amelia had always treated Dean as part of their family, and she asked to speak with him alone.
