You keep drawing your name from his mouth.
“Please, heal the afflicted, and help them to recover through and through. I ask for you to give your blessing to my loved ones and-”
You step forward to take his face into your hands
When John crashed their lips together, Sherlock couldn't help but think that it's too soon. It was too soon after all that had happened, and John's fingers burned through Sherlock's paper skin without any thought for the ashes he'd be leaving behind. It felt
With a sigh, John found his way to a room near the back, a single seat in the middle of the room that was surrounded by statues of horsemen that seemed to watch his every move. He took a seat and set out the offerings on the altar, letting out his breath as he stared at the empty space in front of him. The picture on his lap felt heavy. “Mycroft, God of Mortality, I am here today to ask for your mercy and seek your favor. I have left you these offerings, to try and... give my respect and show my devotion. Please, hear the words I have to say.”
and history has you both written into its script.
, you call him, touching his face. He recoils from your touch.
, for the warning signs that Sherlock was off, and usually Sherlock had no problem with it. It was routine, ordinary,
Sebastian Moran was James Moriarty's partner of ten years before the fall. After that he went into a depression, suffered from alcoholism and misanthropy, previous trust issues that he'd gotten from being a soldier being brought back full force. He watched as Moriarty's network crumbled, not moving a finger to stop it, doing simple assassinations and other jobs for whoever paid the right price. Moriarty had trained him well, teaching him how to hack the most secure databases, how to steal anyone's identity, how to rewire a government from the inside.
John nodded, pressing his lips to her head and pulling her to his chest. “I'm here now, Harry. Tell me everything that happened since I went away.”
Yet there were no scars, and of all the people who populated the Earth, Sherlock was the only one who truly knew what happened that night. John was not an unkind lover. Sherlock did not bleed nor was he sore the day after, the only marks left were those he left with his teeth and the faint ones on Sherlock's hips and biceps where he'd unintentionally dug his fingers in too deep. Perhaps it would have been easier if John were a cruel man, but he wasn't; Sherlock was left physically satisfied yet hollow in his chest.
The god didn't turn back around, instead taking the bread John had left as an offering into his hands and observing it. He dropped it again, wiping the crumbs off of his hands with a frown. John tried his best not to glare.
His eyes see through every part of your soul.
I'm sorry.
They called him the God of Mortality. Almost everyone in London knew his name, and most have been to his temple at least once. He was the patron of London as a whole and the sky, but he was also the tutelary of smaller things, such as knowledge, bakers, sanctions, secrets, and justice. The air elementals would pray to him and leave offerings, going to his luxurious temple in the city and trying to reach him for hours or days until he heard their calls. He came to people in ways they didn't imagine and some say that he was tricky to contact. For the most part, he wasn't the one to be contacted, he was always the one to do the contacting. Dreams, visions, the like.
for that. Now we'll have to spend a longer time trying to pinpoint his location again, and by then he'd have ruined who knows how many lives.”
As he pathetically remained sitting naked on the tiles, he let himself slip into his mind palace and tried to sort through everything that happened in spite of the pounding behind his eyes. The encounter with Sebastian was the simplest problem to solve, and he'd managed to pick his pocket so he could deal with the case in the morning and probably have it solved by tomorrow night. As for what happened at the bar, Sherlock wasn't quite sure what that was either. He just knew that he felt need in a way that he hadn't before, like a bird wanting to soar- trying to fly and falling to the ground. When Sebastian touched him, he felt
“Did you- did you... want to- I mean, did I... Did you want to have sex?”
John met his eyes then, once Sherlock was disheveled from his hands, shirt undone and open, revealing pasty white skin underneath. “Is this- do you want this?” he asked, and Sherlock wasn't sure how to answer. Was this what he wanted?
“Yeah,” Greg all but breathed, the smile that was playing on his lips seconds earlier beginning to fade, as his eyes continued to scrutinize Sherlock. Sherlock could see the thoughts, the doubts, the questions beginning to swirl around in his brain.
of hiding underneath shields and armor that he wanted something different. He wanted to be someone new. He wanted to be himself before the world turned him cold.
John thought on it for a few seconds before coming onto a conclusion. “Then I'll leave for a bit and you can decide at the end of it how you want to do things. Say, 6 months? And I'll call or we can meet up, and then... decide from there what to do. What do you say?”
He'd truly gone full-circle.
He'd gone from an emotional and broken teenager to a cold and detached adult and right back to emotional and weary. Sherlock was
Sherlock thought but didn't have the nerve to say out loud as John opened up a pack of rubbers and worked on spreading him with thick, broad fingers that burned on their way inside of him.
John gave a mirthless smile, the shame obvious in his eyes. "Yeah," he replied. "But I still think that space is best for both of us right now."
[-of Being Earnest? -SH] Sherlock typed out before he clicked send.
“After all this time?”
“How dare I?” Sherlock snapped back, finding that he had more anger in him than he'd expected, something akin to shame and bitterness making his mouth taste like rust and dirt. “I was doing it for a case! One that you ruined, so
"Ugh, gross," Irene interrupted, unable to keep a smile off her face. "Wait until I leave before you start to snog each other senseless."
"Oh, Sherlock," Mummy said, sounding disappointed. "Don't you think it's time to give up on that little flight of fancy? You've had your fun, but it's time to get a real job."
"He would have to be willing to agree to this pact." Sherlock responded, his voice betraying nothing. "Do you believe he would?"
?” John asked in confusion.
"No you don't," Sherlock replied, "but even if you did, to define yourself as broken is ridiculous. Brokenness is merely a mental state, not an actual-"
“Sherlock.” The brunette said, his eyes flashing.
“Later!” Mike says equally as soft, and the two of them dart off down the hall. I watch as they leave, sighing to myself before turning back to Victor.
He started the car, allowing it to warm up, and to give John ample walking time, before putting the car into drive. It takes only five minutes before he sees John’s hunched figure, arms wrapped around his body to keep himself warm. He rolls his eyes again before rolling town the passenger side window.
Sherlock’s jaw dropped open, and John was struck by the insatiable need to kiss the shocked look from his face. He shook his head ruefully, finally looking away.
He turned on his heel at that, slipping out of the room quickly as he worked to regain his thoughts. Playing his violin for John had been almost intoxicating.
"Alright then, dears. If you need anything, let me know!" The trolley witch said before shuffling off.
"What makes you think the creature is intelligent enough to communicate with us?" A third man said, clearly a politician.
“I know your secret.” The voice was soft and slow, betraying no emotion. Victor.
“Or show off?” John interrupted.
“Fine.” John huffed. He strode over to the car, opening it up with as much anger as he could muster, plopping down in the seat.
Summer days and Milky Ways,
"What?" John looked at Sherlock with a blank expression, blinking a few times.
The day crept by, and John was pleased to discover that he shared just about every class with Bill. However, during the last class of the day, Bill was nowhere to be found, so John sat towards the back of the classroom by himself. As he was pulling out a notebook, someone plopped down next to him, and John looked up, surprised when he saw Jim Moriarty sitting next to him.
this..."
"Part of my natural charm," John replied cheerfully.
However, Christmas time brought all sorts of new prospects, and I had a brilliant idea involving the student senate’s current fundraiser. After all, who didn’t like getting candy canes?
“It doesn’t matter right now.” The man said stalking forward and invading John’s personal space. “What matters is how foolishly you’re acting. You were going to attempt to take your own life.”
He could hear to pairs of feet walking toward him, and he could barely contain himself, practically leaping from his discovery.
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from lunging forward to press a kiss to John’s lips. Overall, it was rather awkward, and quite unpractised, but the bright smile on John’s face when he pulled back let him know that he did it correctly.
“Ho ho ho!” Came the rumbling voice of Mike, and he was decked out in an Americanised version of Saint Nick. “I’m here to deliver the candy canes!”
Sherlock had gotten the call in the early hours of a Thursday morning. One of Mycroft's human slaves had been killed in the middle of the night, right under Mycroft's nose.
“Clean and stuff…” Sherlock repeated, smirking slightly. “No matter. I’ll ask my brother what he uses his servants for.”
“Sorry about that.” I say as soon as I close the door. Sherlock just chuckles, flopping down on my bed without invitation.
"Mummy?" John looked confused. "But...he's your
"Yes," John replied. "You saved me, and I don't believe you'll find yourself among friends if you return. Right now at least."
The whole charade was barbaric, and he had half a mind to pull John out of the whole situation. He had been unable to visit John these past three sun cycles as it was, and now he was actively trying to get himself killed. Sherlock hated every moment of it.
“Motorcycle accident, from what I heard.” Bill said. “Apparently Sebastian was riding, and had too many to drink, and he ran off the road. Jim was with him when it happened, but he came away with only a few scratches.”
The shower turned on, and Sherlock let out a small groan, flopping on the bed next to his violin. It was going to be a long night.
“Why are you so chipper?” John asked, rubbing at his wrists as he got out of the car, unconsciously moving so that he was walking alongside Sherlock as they made their way to the door. “I’m getting out of here immediately. I’m going to tell your family exactly what you did to get me here, then they will bring me back to London immediately.
“Let’s go, then.” Sherlock huffed. “I don’t want to be here all day.”
“Oh, you boys.” Violet shook her head, peering into cabinets. “Always fighting. Hopefully you don’t do such ridiculous things in front of Victor.”
“How long have you known you wanted to be a doctor?” The soft question comes, and John looks over at Sherlock in surprise.
“Can we not do this right now?” He begged. “Victor will be in soon, and he hates fighting.”
John nodded, flinching as the handcuffs were clamped on his wrist.
Sheol nodded, unable to decipher what The Shining One was talking about. Take life? Remove it from the body? He smiles at The Shining One, biding him goodbye as he leaves the world of green.
“Handcuffs.” Sherlock pointed out, giving him his best ‘you’re an idiot’ look. “This operation just got a bit more professional.”
"Sorry?" A voice said, distorted by the water. Sherlock glanced up to see the creature looking at him.
“Yes, that sounds like Sherlock.” Siger chuckled. “He may seem indifferent, but he’s got a romantic heart.”
“It’s not like I broke it to them gently.” He reminded Mycroft. “’Mentioned’ is such a casual word.”
“Where are you going?” I ask Sherlock as he trails me home. He gives me a look that seems to question my intelligence.
“Are you kidding?” Sherlock snorted. “It was tattered. I wouldn’t have been able to sell her, much less
that you were flirting with?”
Afghanistan was, as always, brutally hot. Being dressed in dark colours didn’t do anything to alleviate that fact. But he refused to remove his gloves until he actually needed to take a soul. His youth was filled with souls taken entirely too young because of a careless gesture or a friendly embrace.
"Alright, I think that's enough for today," John said. "Unless you wanna try some dives."
"Just because Mycroft invited him, doesn't mean he isn't spying on us," Sherlock reasoned. "In fact, I would argue that it was more likely."
John came down less than ten minutes later, a button up that belonged to Father looked dashing on his short frame. In one hand he held a blanket, and in the other was Sherlock’s violin.
"Of course I do! It was brilliant!" John beamed at him, and Sherlock felt quite warm.
“Not much to tell, really. Bit of a whirlwind thing,” John said.
"So, what do you say?" John asked.
It had been entirely accidental, John was sure, but Sherlock avoided John like the plague anyway. But now that Sherlock was stuck being his lab partner, maybe he would be able to make some headway and convince Sherlock that John wasn't all bad.
“Right, I dunno…”
“He’s be hurt before.” Greg said. “Let him know that it won’t happen again.”
“Why don’t you use a smaller pot?”
You can imagine the Christmas dinners...
"No, it isn't," Father sighed. "You need to grow up, Sherlock."
Sherlock nodded, trying to squash the horrible feeling of his heart being crushed. John was never his, and he had been foolish to allow himself to entertain the possibility that he could be.
Ch. 8
“Bloody hell, this place is huge.” He heard John mutter, and a quick glance behind him confirmed that the blond was taking in the sight as quickly as he could; visibly impressed with the décor.
“My name is Sherlock.” The ghost said, studying him. “And this is
“Carl Powers?” I ask, surprised that I know the name. “That’s the boy that stopped me in the cafeteria yesterday.”
"Sure."
The news spreads through the school like wildfire. Rumours that students are getting pulled out of class to get questioned spreads from person to person, and by lunchtime everyone is restless.
"Dr Watson
"You've fallen in love with him." Mycroft sounded surprised. "Sentiment is a weakness-"
“Then why have you?”
"That's amazing," John replied earnestly.
She offered the book to Sherlock, then pulled it back, leaving Sherlock’s hand hanging in mid-air. Then she gave the book to John, who grabbed it reflexively.
Days stretched before him, each more dull than the last. They were like a never ending parade of black and white. Nothing interested him anymore.
“Mummy, I don’t want to work for the government.” Sherlock replied petulantly. “I want to solve mysteries, puzzles, crimes!”
It didn’t take much for Sherlock to convince the silver-haired human to follow him home. The man had been sitting at the bar for over three hours, clearly drowning his sorrows with a pint when the vampire sat down next to him.
"Oh look! It's Hogwarts!" Molly said, effectively cutting off anything else Jim wanted to say. She pointed at something just behind Sherlock, and he turned to see a castle looming above the lake.
Sherlock turned his head to look at the Gryffindor table, unable to contain his grin when he saw John wave at him. Sherlock gave him a small wave in return before turning to face the front of the Great Hall.
“No?”
“Uh, yeah. Looks like they are.” I say rather weakly. “I have to go now…but I’ll see you guys later.”
"That is highly offensive towards aromantic people," Sherlock sniffed.
He climbed out of the car stretching stiffly as he stopped at Sherlock's side. Sherlock wasn't paying him any attention, however. He glared at the door, and John stared as well trying to figure out what was bothering the dragon.
"Wait, you want me to jump out of my tank?" John asked.
“Because you’re brilliant.” I answer honestly, flushing slightly as I do so. “You haven’t solved it, have you?”
"Not in the slightest," Molly said, the smile irritatingly evident. "Then why must you torment me?" He asked.
“Mary…right, Mary.” John said, tossing Sherlock another unreadable look. “That’s…yeah, she’ll be worried, I suspect.”
"I'm sorry." Sherlock said. "You were going to purpose this weekend, weren't you?"
"No, not that," John said crossly. "The...whatever you said about my limp and cane. You said I don't? Don't what?"
Sherlock "borrowed" a pod while his parents were resting, flying as fast as he could towards the little blue and green planet. It was only after he landed in front of John's house that he realised he hadn't checked to see where John was.
John pulled Jim out of the way just in time, sending Sebastian crashing into a lamppost. He could hear the car trying to reverse, but it seemed like Sebastian had gotten the car good and stuck. With one last glare and a two fingered salute, Sebastian vanished, and the car went dead.
John’s jaw dropped open in surprise. “That’s not even true, and you know it.”
The day passed in relative normality, or as normal as one can get when they can see ghosts. John was almost disappointed something
"He can speak!" A man interrupted loudly, helping the small crowd get over their temporary shock. "We can communicate with him!"
“How on earth did you know that?” Watson looked astounded, which caused Sherlock to chuckle.
The car door silenced John’s complaints, and Sherlock moved quickly towards the large manor, snow crunching under his black dress shoes.  The door to the estate was unlocked, and Sherlock slipped inside, looking around for his family.
Irene stepped forward, sitting down on the stool with what appeared to be great confidence. But before the sorting hat slipped over her eyes, Sherlock saw just how nervous she was.
“John, I-”
John said. “I’ve never met an alien before. I thought you would look weird, but you look normal.”
It’s about halfway through the song when something bashes into me. Without thinking, I wrap my arms around the body and dip it low, surprised to see that Victor has fallen into my arms. A quick glance up reveals the horrified face of Sebastian Moran, who had apparently run into Victor.
The next thing Greg, Mike and I try is bleaching his jeans, but that ends in failure as well. By the weeks end, everyone has bleached their overpriced jeans, trying to follow Victor’s trend.
“That’s right. I’m going to be the world’s
"Well, all the people that died," Jim pouts at me, managing to make it look adorable. "Carl Powers, Jennifer Wilson, and Sarah Sawyer. You flirted with all of them."
I stand, shaking his hand once again before making my way out of the office. I'm not quite sure of what to make of my conversation with the Detective Inspector, or what it means for me, but I have a feeling it's not good, especially if people find that I seem to be the connection in these murders.
A great majority of the dialogue was taken from ‘A study in scarlet’ by Arthur Conan Doyle. I wanted to portray how Holmes and Watson originally met in 1881. George Lestrade is intended to be Greg Lestrade’s grandfather. It would also explain why Sherlock can never remember poor Greg’s first name.
“I’ve got to get home.” I say quickly. “I’ll see you later.”
“Will you date me, then?” Sherlock asks, and I grin back.
“What you’re doing…it’s not healthy.” Greg replied. “He’s become very attached to you. It might be hard for you to comprehend; after all, he’s known you for longer than you’ve known him.”
“Now, was that so difficult?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Nothing happened. Sherlock stared at his pale hand that spread across the army fatigues in surprise. The glow continued to hover around John’s body, but it would not budge. Sherlock sucked in a breath, staring down at him in wonder. If he could not pull his soul out, maybe he could
Sherlock’s gaze sharpens, and he looks up at me intensely. “What did they say to you?”
"Oh, but John decided to butt in anyway. Very rude," Jim admonishes. "And this way I have better security. You won't do anything if I threaten John."
Placing his hand over the man’s heart, Sherlock began to draw his soul gently out of his body. He is startled when a highly tanned hand slapped over his.
"Listen, I don't know what you did to piss off a Slytherin prefect, but you had better be careful. He seems dangerous."
"Fine, if you won't stay away from school, the least you can do is stay away from that boy," Sherlock said.
“I don’t care.” John said shortly. “You had them on the shelf specifically labelled for food.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you, John.” He said after a second. “Though I am going to have to hide my pod-ship. I don’t want anyone stealing it.”
“You mean like cut me open?” Sherlock asked in curiosity.
He stood, making his way over to the commotion, not bothering to hide the annoyance he felt.
"Sherlock Holmes."
“You play violin?” John asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Oh, even when he was younger, Sherlock wanted to be a detective.” Violet said. “He would talk about solving murders, and examining bodies.”
," The sound of Sherlock's voice made John jump, and he turned to look at his ghostly roommate.
"Promise me, Holmes."
It was the second weekend after classes started that found Sherlock up in the owlery. Mycroft had been pestering him since they arrived to write to their parents, and Sherlock had refused just to spite Mycroft. But he found himself rather homesick, so he took up his quill and penned a letter to his mother.
Sherlock turned in his seat so that he could watch John closely. If he was going to get punched in the face, he might as well see it coming.
He sat there with his knees trembling. “Oh, Harry, why do these things always happen to us?”
Somehow, his feet found the NSY, and hesitantly, he entered and found his way to Greg's office. It took a while for Greg to register his presence- he startled, nearly spilled his coffee, and let out a long stream of inventive curses as he clutched his chest- but when he did, it only took a few seconds for Greg's eyes to soften once he'd recognized Sherlock and had gotten over the little fright he'd gotten. “Sherlock,” he said, voice rumbling and soft, like the thunder that always soothed Sherlock's worries during childhood. It frightened Mummy, but to Sherlock, the thunder was good; thunder meant he could stay at home, where it was safe and the kids at school couldn't get him. It meant that the sky crackled and snapped sometimes too, that the skies sometimes couldn't handle the pressure and broke under it.
But what I need now is to let this story go, let a bad time in my life stay where it should stay.
“Shh,” Sherlock soothed him, and John could hear rustling and assumed Sherlock had crouched down behind him, as large, familiar wings wrapped around him, a pale hand took the drink away from him and set it down somewhere out of his sight, and arms wrapped around him. “It’s alright, John, I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered in his ear.
John cautiously shifted closer, reaching out and pressing his nose lightly against Sherlock’s. Hesitantly, unsure if it would work, John tried reaching out with his mind, startled when he actually connected. His eyes widened, and Sherlock went still, head turning to look at him.
Intelligence – for he’d watched Sherlock since he’d first seen him at the Games, and the Alpha had yet to be out-matched in any game of wits.
John blinked in surprise at the words, thinking it over for a moment, his gaze returning to Sarah.
John’s heart twisted. He wanted desperately to say yes, but that would be unfair for Sherlock. He took in another deep breath and let it out slowly. He shook his head. “No,” he told Sherlock, not meeting his gaze. Sherlock
Mentally shaking himself, John forced a small smile and nodded, walking forward and keeping pace with Mike. The human’s pace was slow, more an amble than anything, and John missed keeping a pace behind Sherlock’s quick stride. Forcing himself not to dwell on the past, even though the scent of Sherlock hung thick in the air from where he had strode through moments earlier, taunting him with the desire to chase after Sherlock and catch up.
!” John’s voice was quick and sharp with his distress, “Please, Sherlock. Fix it. I don’t like it. No one else it meant to kiss me but you. I feel wrong. Please? Fix it?” John begged.
“I need to talk to you.”
“Right, let’s go eat some lunch,” John said with a smile as Sherlock scrambled up onto his perch on John’s shoulders and they headed into the kitchen.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side. “It does matter,” he pressed, and he sounded so much like the Sherlock he knew, that he couldn’t suppress his smile, causing Sherlock to stop where he was. He watched John for a moment, before shaking his head. “And, no, I’m not going to kill you. You seem interesting.”
“I never promised to keep him unharmed,” the girl laughed deranged, “And now I have both of you! Oh, what a perfect pair! Once you’re both dead, the police will never catch me!”
“And I promise to always wait for you if they do,” John promised in return, and tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin once more.
When he came back from the high of orgasm, Sherlock was practically purring in content, rubbing the sticky white into John’s skin with both hands.
Stepping back after shoving his fingers into the pressure point on the neck of the guy he was dealing with and watched him crumple. John turned to help Sherlock, but Sherlock didn’t need any help. His Alpha already had the other pinned to the floor, both arms in one of Sherlock’s long-fingered grasp, and there was a snarl on his face.
“You are mine John, and now I can claim you in more ways,” Sherlock whispered to him tenderly, stroking his fingers through John’s hair in the way that always made John melt into him.
Sherlock’s eyes glowed brighter than ever for a moment before he turned back to facing the sofa. “Have fun then,” he huffed.
patient -), he arrived at the prison and was escorted by several guards into the best security part of the institute.
“Oh, don’t worry. I watch a lot of crime scene shows, I’m fine,” She told John, peering around John and staring straight at the bloody murder.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the Dom introduced himself, reaching out and taking hold of John’s hand in a firm grip that made his wings shiver. The touch was exceptionally pleasing, even if John didn’t exactly know why.
Sherlock grinned at him, sharp and predatory, and responded, “Well, sex, obviously. If it’s a male and female pair, then the female is the one who lays the egg, but if it’s a same sex couple, the dragon is the one to implant the sperm, and the other lays the egg.”
*.*.*.
man. Sighing, John put the two bags at the very back of his cupboard and did as Sherlock suggested, putting the letter in the sink and running water over it and watching curiously as it melted and completely dissolved, leaving no traces of it behind.
A rumbly noise of pleasure escaped Sherlock as he brought his head back up, an expression of contented satisfaction on his face. “You smell amazing,” Sherlock hummed, “So incredibly sweet.  And yet, you have a hint of tea in your scent.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered softly, leaning over and turning off his alarm, “I have to get up and get ready.”
John kept a tight grip on Sherlock’s hand and shifted slightly so that his mouth was hovering next to the wound. He brought his wolf closer to the front, allowing his teeth to sharpen and his gaze to become better, fingernails sharpening almost into claws. After taking a deep breath to steady himself, John bit down, hard, his teeth easily slicing through Sherlock’s skin. He pulled his teeth out, drawing his free hand up and he bit down on his own wrist, causing it to bleed. He pressed his bloody wrist to the wound he’d created on Sherlock’s chest, hissing through the sting and rubbing the two wounds together . Then, he bent down and licked at the wound, the mix of saliva and blood entering Sherlock’s bloodstream as the wound healed over.
“Afghanistan, or Iraq?” Sherlock murmured the question, not looking up. His real question was obvious to John – to which country had he abandoned Sherlock for?
John held down a grin. Sherlock recognised the phone! It was the phone Sherlock had given him years ago, with the inscription:
“Then I won’t return. Either find me somewhere that John and I can stay, or stop bugging me, brother mine,” Sherlock said, huffing.
) to pay attention to the subtle signs Sherlock was showing.
“This will hurt, a lot,” he was told, bluntly, and didn’t have even a moment to prepare himself before the human was wrenching open the teeth of the trap.
When John woke, he felt fully rested and energised. Opening his eyes slowly, John yawned and moved to stretch, but couldn’t. He was encased and unable to move. It was pitch-black and John panicked for a moment before he realised that he was merely enclosed in Sherlock’s dark wings and his face was pressed into Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock frowned confusion, seemingly torn between wanting to keep demanding answers, and accepting the one that he’d been given. “You can’t be John. John is a wolf.
*.*.*.
John smiled at Sherlock, grasping Sherlock’s hands. “Good. Because I’m not letting you go anywhere,” John told Sherlock, and was rewarded with Sherlock’s laughter.
John pressed into the kiss and sighed happily, eyes falling closed. John whined as Sherlock pulled back, and opened his eyes in surprise when Sherlock flipped him over onto his belly, large hands gripping his hips and keeping them upright where he wanted them. John jolted in surprised pleasure as Sherlock’s hot tongue licked at his hole.
John blinked in surprise. He hadn’t even noticed the door (which he had locked, by the way, as he didn’t want Sherlock’s brother or parents walking in on him showering) opening. John was shaken out of his thoughts when Sherlock beckoned him closer.
Before Sherlock could get to them, John lifted his foot up and shoved his foot backwards and into the groin of the person holding him, who released him and John spun and kicked him in the face. There were two more, and managed to punch one in the face before Sherlock was tackling the other.
Sherlock questioned, distracted instantly as he gaze at John’s posture.
child.”
John laughed softly, amused, and took the flower gently. It was the first flower that he had received, and he loved it. “That’s certainly not something I expected to be commended on,” John told Sherlock, a slight tease in his voice.
He stared up at Sherlock, one of his hands resting against the pale skin of Sherlock’s chest, the other resting lightly on the Devil’s clothed hip. Sherlock was quietly watching John, an unreadable expression on his face. Having known Sherlock for most of the Devil’s life, he knew most of the expressions Sherlock pulled, it was a surprise that he couldn’t tell what Sherlock was feeling. He frowned for a moment, searching Sherlock’s face for any clue as to what he was feeling.
John could feel his gut squeeze with worry for the Alpha, and he licked his lips before replying, “Yes, alright. I’ll come in. I should only be an hour or so.”
Sherlock accepted it and looked it over, before smiling up at John.
He knew Sherlock liked that John wasn’t traditional, and wouldn’t let himself be bossed around.
At a nod from the human that spoke, the rest slowly lowered their weapons. All but two. “That’s not a pet! That’s a wild animal!” One protested, a female with dark hair.
John bit his lip, and took in a deep breath. “I’m really, really sorry, Sherlock. But we just
John’s eyebrows went up. He’d never been this close to Hell before. John realised that Sherlock was still gently stroking his wings, but John found that he didn’t mind. Not a bit.
Glancing at the window once more, John decided that he’d steer clear of the Dom that had moved in next door. It wasn’t worth the hassle.
The day after, another note arrived, with no gift and John couldn’t help but be disappointed until he remembered that Sherlock only seemed to send a gift every three days, and then next would arrive tomorrow. Hesitant, John broke the seal and pulled out the letter, reading it over.
injured,” John said irritably. “But are you?”
“Well…” she hesitated for a moment before shrugging, “It was easy.”
“I’ll give you a two second start,” he told John as he got up, grinning.
John watched as Sherlock slipped the phone into his pocket then cupped his face, the thumb of one hand rubbing against his lip and then pulled it back to show John the faint pink smear and making him grimace.
He didn’t know how long they sat there, but when he re-emerged from both his thoughts and Sherlock’s stare, he licked his lips and gave a nod. “Alright,” he said, giving Sherlock a smile, which was returned by a breath-taking one from the handsome Devil –
He listened behind him as Sherlock turned down an alley, then there was the sound of crashing and Sherlock exclaiming in pain. Stilling instantly, John swivelled on his heel and bolted for where Sherlock had gone, worry filling him. Had Sherlock been hurt?
John looked to the side, not answering. He saw Sherlock look around, and then, before John could protest, suddenly pressed him to his chest and dove downwards.
The next day, John got a phone call asking him to come and take care of a patient from the outer-regions of London and more into the country. He hesitated for but a moment before agreeing. He needed the money, after all, and a job would keep him busy and let him focus on something other than Sherlock and how much he missed him. John was unsure how to contact Sherlock, seeing as the prison hadn’t called him in, and eventually just sighed and decided that there was no way that he could get in contact with Sherlock without causing suspicion. He’d just have to talk to Sherlock when he got back.
” Mycroft asked, incredulous, then sighed heavily. “Let’s see this John, then.”
The dragon scuttled across the bed and up his arm, his head and front claws resting on one shoulder, and his hind claws and tail on the other, soft wings fluttering slightly.
Sherlock questioned, sighing and nosing the fur of John’s neck and then continued grooming him.
John had searched the entire house, but found no message from Sherlock.
“Good boy,” Sherlock praised, and John sighed in content.
John gave a snort. “They wouldn’t harm me,” he told Sherlock, then paused a moment, “Much, anyway.” Before, a thousand years before, they would never have harmed John, but now he wasn’t so sure. But, he was getting off track. “I came here for a reason, and I’m not leaving until I talk to you about this!”
Climbing the stairs of the abandoned house, John’s nose itched and he rubbed at it, glancing up at Sherlock who was bounding up the stairs. Frowning slightly, John made it to the top of the stairs and to the doorway before he stopped, halted by the intense, overpowering smell. It obliterated everything else and his eyes watered. Glancing around at the policemen and Sherlock, he was confused as they didn’t seem to notice. Maybe it was only his sensitive nose that could smell it. It was a disgusting scent, one that made it hard to smell even Sherlock. In fact, that scent was the only thing he could smell.
They stayed like that for a few moments, before Sherlock slid a hand up to cup John’s face, before pressing closer and licking his way into John’s mouth, growling slightly from pleasure as he pressed John as close as possible as he explored the Omega’s mouth with his tongue.
But, something was up with John. He wasn’t sure if he’d caught a bug, or what, but he felt ill. He’d been feeling down for a while. Roughly two weeks. Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed. He’d gone out on a case this morning, leaving John alone in the flat.
It was months after Sherlock was born until John received a note. Anonymous, of course, but John only had to read it for him to know what it was. Coordinates, and he knew exactly who had sent it – there was a little ‘H’ at the bottom of the paper. He was so excited, and had shot out from his home, and ran along the clouds, extending his wings, a shirt in hand as he dove through the clouds, looking at the paper for a brief moment before following them exactly, coming to land in the middle of a forest, in a clearing. It would have been hard to find, if he hadn’t had the coordinates, and it was a good spot. As his feet touched the ground, he tucked in his wings, not putting on his shirt just yet, and noticed how soft the ground was. Perfect. He went around while he waited and picked up all the sticks and sharp objects on the ground, chucking them out of the clearing.
Sherlock’s chest rumbled with pleasure, and John felt it from where his head was resting. “That was probably the best thing you can say about me,” Sherlock informed John, pressing a gentle kiss to John’s head.
For the next week, John was extremely busy, as he got call after call after call. He hadn’t had a chance to miss Sherlock, too busy to do anything but work and sleep. A few weeks later, and John received a call from the prison Sherlock was being held in to come and check on Sherlock as he was behaving unusually.
He headed straight for the trees, then stilled, listening intently. The human was a way’s away. Perfect. Next, John sunk down in a crouch and waited. Before long, his prey darted in front of him, and John snatched up the rabbit quickly, crunching down hard and breaking its neck. He didn’t eat it yet, though. He listened again. The human was approaching the forest fast, and John was running out of time. He darted back to the rabbit and picked it up, then slunk under a bush and waited, barely resisting wagging his tail.
The next time he woke, it was dark, and he was in a sleeping tent, strong arms wrapped around him, as well as a leg. Shifting slightly, he realised that his head was tucked under someone’s chin, and that the front of his body was pressed against the front of another’s. Inhaling, John recognised Sherlock’s scent and wondered for a moment how they’d ended up here like this, before he vaguely remembered the feeling of Sherlock carrying him.
“I just want to keep you happy,” Sherlock murmured softly, tilting his head down and burying his nose in John’s hair.
John shrugged, licking his lips nervously as he glanced up at Sherlock to see him studying him.
Sherlock squeezed John lightly and they both fell silent, and it wasn’t long until John was sliding into the peacefulness of sleep.
“Yes, much,” John sighed happily, snuggling back into Sherlock’s embrace.
After a lot of explaining and evading, John managed to convince Lestrade that they’d got the girl, and gotten them both back home. After stitching Sherlock up again, he tended to his own injuries and settled down on the couch.
Where had Sherlock gone? He’d been acting odd before he left, and John had refreshed the search, and now he ran his hand through his hair. Darting over instantly as the computer beeped, John stared. It was moving.
He could feel Sherlock’s chest expand and then decrease as his Alpha sighed, but John’s threat of not being able to touch their pup was still strong evidently, and Sherlock rubbed at John’s stomach as he spoke, telling John all about the case and what still needed to be done.
“Oh, hello, Lestrade. Sorry about that. What is it?” John asked, more politely this time.
Sherlock rumbled comfortingly, and it relaxed John a little. “I courted John, and he accepted. Simple as that,” Sherlock answered for him, voice even and calm, though John could hear the thread of tension underneath.
“I was
The human kept walking closer, not seeming to care about John’s threat. John bared his teeth, lip pulling up and away from his teeth as a threatening growl rumbled through him.
. He still loved Sherlock, and he always would, but they could never be together. This Sherlock, the Sherlock of now, was strong and ruthless and showed no emotions.
Focus! Sherlock was in danger!
John watched unashamedly, gaze trailing over his mate’s naked form. A smile crossed his face – one of the goofy, uncontrollable kind. He had a mate. An Alpha. Sherlock was an incredibly special Alpha, and John was glad that he had snatched the Alpha’s attention.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at that. “Do you think he’ll tell?” Sherlock asked in a murmur as John listened to his heartbeat.
John blinked at him. He was still in his jammies, with only a sheet wrapped around him that Sherlock had forced on him after messing up his hair and sending him to answer the door. Quickly and subtly inhaling, John noted with relief that they were all Betas and therefore wouldn’t be able to scent Sherlock.
John writhed as Sherlock teased him, licking all the slick from his legs and butt, and then fucking him with his tongue until he came with a sob into the panties. Sherlock soothed him though his orgasm, and then pulled the thin slip of string away from his arse and thrust in with no further preparation.
John rolled his eyes, a slight smile on his lips. He ignored Sherlock, inspecting his groin and legs before nodding in satisfaction. “You’re all good,” he declared. “Not feeling any major pain anywhere?”
John instantly transformed back into wolf form and trotted after Sherlock.
Crime scenes were another matter altogether. It took a while before they started getting cases again, but when they did, Sherlock wouldn’t leave him behind. He would rush off ahead, but he would always make sure John wasn’t far behind. And he never left John at a crime scene. This was a change that John most definitely wasn’t going to bring up, and one that he quite liked to be honest. Sherlock also didn’t seem to like John being too far away from him whilst they were at crime scenes. It took a few crime scenes before John figured this one out. If John strayed too far away, Sherlock would call him back to get John to take a look at the body, or to get John to tell him what he thought happened.
Sherlock pressed a tender kiss to John’s bondbite and caused the Omega to shiver. When he remained silent, John asked, “Did you get them?”
“Well,” he said, “It seems as if you’re all good. Perhaps a bit exhausted, but some rest should fix that.” He flashed Sherlock a cheeky grin and stood, handing his Alpha the sandwich that he’d bought for him.
Sherlock was very accommodating to John’s mood swings and cravings, but didn’t let John eat things that were extremely unhealthy, and made sure that John was healthy. Sherlock took online courses on home-birth, as they couldn’t go to a hospital.
“No!” Sherlock cried out, face desperate. “Please, John,” he begged.
Whilst John wanted to stay awake and hear what Lestrade wanted to talk to him about, Sherlock’s fingers were so soothing, and he’d already been nearly asleep before Lestrade entered. John struggled to stay awake for another few moments, before he slipped off into sleep with a soft sigh.
“You won’t have any more nightmares,” Sherlock said firmly. “I am here. You are here with me. You have nothing to fear.”
“Oh, uh, Dr Watson?” A voice John recognised as Lestrade’s answered him, and John blinked.
“Greetings, John,” Mycroft said finally, and John blinked.
could get into by doing something, and was protective of the Angel. With a pang of affection, John recalled briefly on those decades they had spent together.
“I don’t think it’ll be that hard,” she chuckled, “You make one wrong move, and John here dies. And if he doesn’t obey, you die. Easy!”
“Why do you keep doing that?” Sherlock snapped, sitting up, his wings giving a short flap of anger, washing air over John.
Sherlock’s voice was both gentle and firm, relieving John of the doubts that had been resting at the back of his mind unnoticed, and it took him a moment to realise what it was that Sherlock had said last. “Your parents,” John started, frowning slightly, but was quickly cut off by Sherlock.
Sherlock’s gaze left his slowly, and travelled down his body to rest on the smooth, round bump of his belly. “Pregnant,” Sherlock echoed slowly, bending down and pressing his head to John’s baby bump, only to jerk away as their pup kicked at Sherlock’s ear.
,” he sneered the word, “isn’t something to be proud of!”
Sherlock and John spent the rest of their lives together in happy mated bliss, solving crimes together once their pups were old enough to be left alone with Mrs Hudson, and loving each other and their family dearly.
Sarah. John had been meant to go on a date with her this week. Sighing, John knew he wouldn’t go. He was needed here, with this egg and the precious dragon life inside. He couldn’t keep dating her, it was unfair to her.
John’s face flushed, wishing that Mike would shut up. He didn’t want Sherlock to know what he’d gone through in the four years since Sherlock had left him. “Mike!” John shouted over him, furious.
“Then what do people normally say?” John challenged.
somehow. He’d never been truly satisfied in his pack. The Alpha there had never made John submit to him like this. This human called him perfect, and smelled possessive already, like John would be the only one. No other packmates to compete for attention. Just him, and this human of an Alpha. The thought felt good, and John’s hackles flattened, lip settling into place over his teeth. John squirmed, and this time he was allowed to do so, until he was leaning up and licking at this strange Alpha’s jaw, showing his respect. Whilst he wasn’t entirely sure that he trusted the human, it couldn’t hurt to belong somewhere, right? Even if it was with a human.
“What happened to the prisoners?” John asked, diverting Sherlock’s attention as he really didn’t want to get caught having sex in a prison twice.
Giving a soft sigh, John closed his eyes and let sleep take him.
John nodded and followed after him, dragging the girl behind him, and followed Sherlock into Lestrade’s office, dumped the girl then followed Sherlock out.
John slipped off into sleep peacefully, feeling Sherlock’s long fingers run through his hair tenderly.
As much as he adored his Alpha, he hated being cooped up in the flat without Sherlock.
Sherlock was away a lot. He left for long periods of time, and sometimes came back distracted, and forgot to feed John occasionally, until John begged for food, and then he would smell of guilt and would feed John a bit more than normal and take him out for a long run.
John panted, eyes closed as he wiggled, desperate for release but not wanting to disobey Sherlock.
His clothes felt itchy against his skin, and he felt jumpy. He found himself going to the doors and windows, shutting and locking them repeatedly before going and doing it again a few minutes later to check them. He didn’t feel safe, even though he knew he was. Every noise in the building made him flinch, and he just wanted to go to bed.
After a long, cold shower, John padded naked into the bedroom and flopped down on the sheets. He tossed and turned for hours, and when he finally fell into sleep, it was restless and he was continuously rolling over every hour or so.
Sherlock started to pace. “It makes sense now!” he was muttering to himself. “Why you were distant,” he said, directing his words at John now, but not looking up from where his gaze was focussed on the two feathers. “Why you spent less time with me. Why you kept your wings folded unless it was absolutely necessary. Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Sherlock suddenly rounded on him, looming above him.
When they were inside, John went into the kitchen to make tea, and Sherlock went over to the couch to think, palms pressed together.
What had happened to the Sherlock he knew? The sweet little boy? He was long gone, and John’s fight suddenly left him at the thought, sitting down suddenly. He suddenly felt far much older than he was. It just wasn’t
John hadn’t had a name before he’d been in his Alpha’s care, and he was getting used to having one. John smiled happily and licked his Alpha’s face. He was given a soft smile and those lovely fingers stroked through his fur.
It had been a year since Sherlock had nearly died and been transformed into a werewolf. They’d been having lots and lots of sex. John enjoyed it, of course, he loved being so close to Sherlock and so thoroughly connected. Sherlock had been disgruntled with his knot appearing every time, until he’d realised that he could wring multiple orgasms out of John and reduce him to a begging mess.
Then, there was a presence at his back, and John scowled, about to turn and tell whoever it was behind him to piss off, when he realised that his wings had lowered. Frowning, John didn’t even have the time to turn, before a voice whispered in his ear, “Hello, John.”
Sherlock looked at him in thought. “White. Like your wings,” he told John with a shy smile.
“Don’t go far,” Sherlock warned, and John knew that it was because if John strayed far after being reunited after John had been absent for too long, Sherlock would most likely attack everyone to get John back.
“I know. I-I was just leaving,” he said, unsure of who he wanted to turn his back to, so he turned sideways so he could see both of the brothers.
John’s eyes widened, and he held up his hands in a gesture hoping to calm down the sudden tension. “I-I just wanted to see the baby,” he stammered, feeling his wings tremble under his clothes.
John was frozen with surprise and slight fear. Damn. He hadn’t been thinking and had forgotten to check if there was anyone here.
Sherlock had been coming to work with him since that day, invisible and perched on his shoulders. One day, after several women tried flirting with him, Sherlock forced him home as soon as his shift ended, the possessive rage boiling within the dragon leaking over to John’s mind.
“Relax, I’m not going to kill you,” the human snorted, as if offended. “I’ve never seen a wolf so large before, nor one that’s lasted so long in a hunter’s trap. Nasty things, they are, you should be glad that I disposed of the hunters otherwise you’d be long dead. They keep coming here, onto
John turned and bolted in fear. He could hear the sounds of his Alpha following him, but even as a human, John was still faster. Eventually, John could no longer hear Sherlock’s footsteps behind him, and he slowed cautiously. This felt a little too much like when they played chase, and Sherlock would hide or go another way to throw John off and catch him. As soon as the thought hit him, John turned away from the direction he’d been heading in, choosing a new destination instantly to try and throw Sherlock off.
“I’m here, Sherlock,” John assured Sherlock, closing his eyes and letting out a deep breath of relief. “You scared the crap out of me, Sherlock! Don’t ever do that again!” John scolded.
“Come along, John, let’s go to the park before heading home,” his Alpha said, leading him out of the den.
“John is a wolf, and I ask that you don’t insult him,” Sherlock reprimanded sharply, his hand coming down and stroking John’s ears tenderly.
“Yes, I did,” John agreed, not really wanting to talk about it, and glanced down at his feet.
John flushed, and then couldn’t help from asking curiously, “How
John and Sherlock sprang into action, leaping out of the closet and as did the guards, appearing out of nowhere and tackled the prisoners, Sherlock leaping into the fray whilst John grabbed the limp body and dragged her away from the struggle.
“Twin. One’s a prison guard, the other a DI from Scotland Yard,” Sherlock explained.
“Shirt off,” John ordered, twisting to face him.
“A fairly gruesome one, yes,” John answered her then added gently, “So you should probably move along.”
John sighed heavily, leaning into Sherlock’s side slightly as he sought comfort from his mate instinctively. Whilst John was still very much capable of taking care of himself, sometimes it was nice to have someone he could rely on to back him up and support him when he was feeling a little overwhelmed and out of his depth.
So, they set off in silence, John trying to control his breathing. Sherlock was turning a hundred in two days. He already had Sherlock’s present, but he supposed he couldn’t give it to him now. He’d spent
know me?” he asked, eyes sharp.
There was a pause, and then Sherlock’s deep voice huskily saying, “Good morning,” and the gentle touch of a soft kiss being pressed to the top of his head.
Besides, John wasn’t blind either. He could see the scars – scars that hadn’t been there before Sherlock left. John had patched Sherlock up enough before the Fall, that he knew that these were new. Despite the fact that the clothing Sherlock generally wore covered up most of them, the ones that did poke out were horrifying. Deep, jagged scars that marked Sherlock’s skin in the ugliest of ways. And they were littered all over Sherlock’s body, more than enough for John to know that they weren’t just scars from getting into scraps. These were deeper and deliberate. Torture scars. John had seen enough of them from his time in Afghanistan to recognise them. But, he didn’t mention it and neither did Sherlock.
John looked sheepish for a moment, and nodded as Sherlock started to stride off, before the Alpha turned and stared at John for a moment, before saying roughly, “Come watch me,” before he turned back around strode off again.
Once that was done, he phoned the officer Lestrade and then made his way around the building, giving the police enough time to get there before he ventured onto the scene, eyes finding Sherlock wrapped in a shock blanket and unable to supress his smile of amusement.
Growling in frustration, John slid his fingers away and out of himself and stood, ignoring the slick that was dripping down the back of his thighs and marched over to the bedroom door, locking it and pushing a chest of drawers in front of it, then moving furniture in front of the only window in his room, so nothing would be able to get in.
Sherlock gave a frown but released him. John rolled away and sat up, stretching out his wings, and ruffling them. Sherlock watched him, and sat up as well, slowly.
“I don’t know who you are, but you need to stand down,” Sherlock snarled, “John is
John felt his shoulders stiffen, and John whispered into Sherlock’s mind,
After a few minutes of whining and pants and snarls, Sherlock thrust in roughly and his knot inflated, causing John to scream in pleasure as he came as well, feeling Sherlock fill him up from the inside.
Gently, Sherlock unwrapped the sheet from his body and guided him to the bed and under the covers, spooning John from behind and resting his large hands on John’s belly and his nose in John’s hair.
you.”
They found that dragons could catch their size at will – except for when they were first born. They could go from being the size of a child, to the size of one of the towers of London. Dragons were secretive, and only those that were Matched knew much about them. Still, seeing a dragon was rare.
“I’ll see you later, Mike,” John said, voice firm and Mike huffed, before spinning around and stomping off.
John nodded and stood up, carefully keeping his ears relaxed and tail down. Sherlock jumped down first and John followed. Together, they pushed away the barrier that John had created and snuck out into the flat. Whilst Sherlock explored the flat with his new senses, John shut the doors carefully, listening and was relieved to find Mrs Hudson out.
*.*.*.
John was exceptionally pleased, and grinned. “It was hard to find. Had to walk through the forest for about an hour to find it,” John told Sherlock.
“Bath sounds good,” John agreed, and pulled back from Sherlock and sat up, stretching out with a yawn.
It was odd, being on the other side of things, John thought with a fond smile as he walked with Sherlock by his side down through the streets of London, in the energy world and watching the egg tucked safely under Sherlock’s chin, watching the baby dragon inside twist and turn to point them in the direction of its Matched.
Sherlock snorted. “Mycroft doesn’t count. He’s only useful when I need favours to get in and out of high-security places such as here,” Sherlock told him, rolling his eyes, “And the Lestrade’s are useful for cases. I wouldn’t count them as friends.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, not knowing how to deal with the problem with John. What was the problem anyway? They had sex. So what? It was no big deal. It was all just transport, anyway, what happened between them was completely irrelevant. John was a grieving man and Sherlock was his outlet for his grief and need for the night; there was no complicated chain of events, it was just a cause and effect. Sherlock daren't let himself believe or hope that anything would actually come of the encounter. With that thought, he washed his mouth out and stood, walking to his bedroom and locking the door behind him.
. That was five days ago. She had only 9 days left. John remained still and pale-faced by her side, knowing that if black magic was being used, then there was certainly nothing he could do. When he pressed his hand to her pulse and tried to send some of the healing energy to her core, it dissipated as if there was a wall blocking it from healing her already depleting source of magic. Her core would eventually flicker out, and when the magic in her died, so too would she.
Sherlock nodded, looking into the mirror and fixing his hair. “Yes. Victor's messaged me, we're going to have coffee together.”
Sherlock let out a shaky breath he didn't know he was holding, his chest warm and his eyes blurred with tears. “Victor,” he whispered to the empty flat, surprised that after all these years Victor still cared for him so deeply. After the hurt and anger at Victor's sudden disappearance, he'd thought little of the other man through the following years. With a trembling hand, he saved Victor's number on his phone and hesitantly typed up a message.
Because he technically shouldn't even be hiding.
John could only stare at him for a few seconds in incredulity and shock, his heart aching in his chest. He'd been planning to go visit her today, but he hadn't been able to get a chance. He'd put off visiting her because it was raining.
While he assisted Sherlock back to the bed, he could not help but focus on how Sherlock had continued to word things since his coherency. He had yet to acknowledge what had happened – referring to his abduction and abuse as “the incident”, his injuries as “the damage”, the recovery as “the issues.” It did not take the genius and wit of Sherlock Holmes to realize he was dissociating himself as a victim. Sherlock did not spend much time confined to a bed, forcing himself to stand less than twelve hours into what he referred to as a “sentence”, even with the doctors and nursing staff trying multiple times to get him to rest. When he was awake and going through the initial questions, they asked who his primary doctor was. There was no hesitation when he listed John, which had the nurse give John a quizzical look as the military doctor nodded.
“He had those an hour ago.” His body stiffened, going into immediate alert. He looked at the small glass bottle the man had just set back down on the tray, reading the name of the medication. “And there’s definitely been a mistake, because he’s allergic to that,” John said, nodding to the bottle.
“Get your ass up, you worthless piece of shit,” he said as he smacked him again, this time hard enough to leave a red handprint. As the man stirred, the other grabbed his shirt, pulling him up from the floor. “I give you want you want served on a silver platter and you still manage to fuck it up.” He pushed him back to floor when a mumbled “sorry” escaped the other’s throat, and stood up, turning to Sherlock, who was crawling towards the broken pieces of the chair. “So sorry about him. He’s new.”
When his hands finally found their way to Sherlock’s groin, there was a click.
Mycroft inhaled, standing straight as he looked down at the shorter man. “Yes.” The comment caused an apparent physical reaction in the doctor. Before John could garner a response, Mycroft fell out with, “I can assure you that Sherlock understands the situation for what it is.” Lestrade had to grab John’s upper arm to keep him from lunging at the government official. “Unlike those who my brother had chosen to surround himself with, he has the mental capacity to grasp the issue at hand and is more than capable of taking on whatever befalls him to ensure what needs to be done is done.”
He extracted his fingers. Yet, before he pulled back, he smacked Sherlock’s cheek and grabbed it, giving it a harsh squeeze and beginning the formation of a new bruise.
It was either dismissed or ignored altogether.
Near water.
and I don't know how long,
John stared at him in disbelief as Sherlock took a sip from his cup. “You’re joking.” He caught Sherlock’s smirk hidden behind it. “All right,” John sighed leaning back in the chair, eyes focused on his best mate’s features. “But you’re paying the cab and I’m not pushing your chair.”
Mycroft was unable to formulate as response as two officers came through a door towards the back of the room. It only took a moment for them to take in the surroundings before they rushed to restrain the American man, who only kept the smirk on his face as he was handcuffed.
It took a mere moment to formulate an approach. Inhaling and standing straight, he shoved his hands into his pockets and began approaching. The man barely acknowledged him as he got close, most likely used to random passer-by staring up at the structure.
“It went out last night,” Sherlock’s voice rang out as the crutch clicked on the kitchen tile. John merely nodded, though he gave it on last flick before turning back to the table.
Don't hurt me.
Just as they turned the corner, a female bumped into both of their shoulders, her nose having been buried in her phone. She immediately fell into an apology, before her eyes trailed up to their faces. Her gaze fell on John first, and then darted over to Sherlock, when her eyes appeared to light up.
“Worked out amazingly, clearly,” John chuckled as he entered the flat. He went to kitchen to set down the various bags before returning back to where his flatmate was situated on the stairs. He reached down to hold Sherlock’s arm, assisting him to his feet and catching him when he stumbled on the step. He looped his hand around the younger man’s waist, supporting more of Sherlock’s weight than the other realized as he helped him back to the flat. “Where were you planning on going, anyway?”
When he finally entered the dimly lit room, he felt his entire being collide with the ground.
John shook him a bit harder and called his name again. On the third attempt, Sherlock’s eyelids flickered. The creases eased from his expression. He took a deep breath and rolled onto his back. John leaned back and tried to wipe away the concerned look that he knew he was wearing.
John manages to find the hideout of the Cielo Diablos members who have Sherlock in their hold, causing his Army training to manifest.
“I don’t know, but he needs to get back, because I really gotta take a piss.”
Before Lestrade could stop him, John had exited the car, steps in haste as he was off to find Mycroft. The detective inspector was after him after slamming the laptop close. He came up on John’s heels right as the man approached the government official standing by the black vehicle they had arrived in.
“That’s where I’m at, actually,” he said, motioning to the cabbie to stop short of the location.
“Tell that to his arse,” the voice of the Irishman spoke from behind his surgical mask, to which Dreln laughed with a wave, not even glancing up as his fingers tapped away.
At the comment, a laugh escaped Donovan’s throat. “A friend? Is that what you call it?” He gave her a confused look. She rolled her eyes. “Just admit that you love him, John. It’s rather sad to watch you two pine after each other, completely oblivious to the other.”
“I know, you can’t possibly manage without me, Lestrade. Unfortunately, I’m a busy dragon.” Sherlock said, sounding smug.
going well," John said.
“Here y’are.” The greasy man driving the taxi said as they pulled to a stop on Baker Street, turning around to give the father and son a grin. “Two-two-one, Baker Street. That’ll be sixty.”
“But you…Victor said…”
“Left?” Sebastian asks. “But I’m always on your right!”
It was only a day later that he was called back, a gun held to John's head and a strange expression on his face that Sherlock thought appeared to be anticipation.
"John and me," Sherlock muttered distractedly.
"I can imagine
"You could go to the wedding!" Molly wrung her hands. "You could-"
John swam around in anxious circles, his nerves still a mess from the day's events. The humans had been loud, gaping at him obnoxiously. It had been easier to put up with when Sherlock had still been there, but they had taken him away hours ago, and he hadn't returned. It was enough to tie John's stomach in to knots.
any esteem he had gained with John falling into the rubbish bin. The man looked past John, a smirk creeping onto his face when he caught sight of Sherlock on the other side of the window.
It wasn’t long before they were pulling up in front of the estate, and John half expected to see Sherlock peering out the window. But no one came running out to greet them. John grabbed the new stockpot, accompanying Siger inside.
couple. Don’t you agree?”
"What?" Sherlock clutched at the table. "You find this funny?"
“No, you do not get to bring our room into this.” Sherlock said, correctly guessing John’s failed argument.
“Why shouldn’t I be?” Sherlock frowns in confusion. “He’s the only one that will ever love me.”
Sherlock sighed, mounting his broom clumsily. He mimicked John's kick off, though his ascent was nothing to be proud of. His broom wobbled dangerously as he reached John.
"Yeah, well, I also scrapped up your shoulder," John said.
Ch. 3
“Oh, he’s right.” Mummy said. “You two go get cleaned up for dinner. We’ll meet at, oh…seven?”
"Well, it tasted like that."
Sherlock's lungs began to ache, and he tapped insistently on John's shoulder. John didn't seem to notice as he continued to swim, getting them far away from the pier. Sherlock tapped again, his vision going a bit fuzzy.
“Why are you apologising?” Sherlock asked. “Unless…were you embarrassed it was
"I'm thinking," Sherlock replied with a shrug.
"Alone is what I have," Sherlock said, standing up. "Alone protects me. Now, be useful, and clean something."
“I’m not!”
"You have a boyfriend?" Victor asks, looking interested. "Who is he?"
"Sorry, I know you're about to be sorted, and everything, but I need to know how you did that thing...you know, on the train?"
"Look at you both," Their mother's voice said behind them, and both Sherlock and Mycroft turned to look at her. Violet Holmes, like Mycroft, had been a Slytherin, and she wore green and silver robes in honour of the occasion. "Both my boys at Hogwarts at last. Oh, I'm so proud of you both."
"Excuse me?" Sherlock blinked.
pink on the counter. “Getting a romantic weekend with the likes of you. You’ll need these, of course. Much more official.”
“Lestrade.” The DI said, causing Sherlock to frown at the non-sequitur. He turned to look at the silver haired DI once more.
“Maybe they’re two separate murderers?” I suggest, causing Sherlock to scoff.
out of my league. Second of all, you don’t
and he had no one to blame but himself. The logical part of his mind told him that he wasn’t to blame, but he couldn’t
“Well, we have four people now.” Victor rolls his eyes. “I was always in the middle then, shortest to tallest, but now we have John. He and Jim can be on the outside, and you and I in the middle.”
“In a manner of speaking.” Sherlock said. “I need you to pretend to be Victor for Christmas. It’ll hardly be a difficult endeavour for you to spend Christmas with me as it is. An ex-army doctor that can barely afford to live in London must not have much family around.”
“Well, you’re not going to do it this way.”
"Yes, well, other times it’s not." Sherlock sniffed. "Now, this has been marvellously fun, but I've got cases to solve."
“Me either.” John said, grabbing a pen of his own and nibbling on the end of it. “A pony?”
"Now, when are you going to find yourself a nice boyfriend?" Mummy asked.
"Sherlock?" Molly sounded amused now.
“No, actually solve a crime.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “We will find out who murdered Carl Powers, John. Mark my words.”
For being the world’s most observant man, it had taken him an extraordinarily long amount of time to deduce how he felt for John Watson. The praises that fell so easily from his lips left a permanent warmth in his chest, and he had mistaken it for platonic fondness.
"That Slytherin girl disappearing," Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes. "You know, the thing everyone is talking about?"
"It's for when you join Mycroft in the government," Father said cheerfully. "You two can match."
“Kidnapped? Really? That’s the best you could come up with?”
“Of course.” Sherlock replied, and he moved quickly, nipping his servant on the wrist. “You have four hours before my venom will begin to burn. I suggest you take refuge in your home. Mycroft will be informed, and you will be able to join the Holmes coven.”
Greg chuckled softly. “There are thousands of angels in heaven, but I do know Mycroft. He is my partner.”
The scarlet steam engine of the Hogwarts Express let out a shrill whistle as people poured into platform 9 3/4. Students chattered excitedly as their haggard parents followed behind them.  Cats twisted expertly between legs, and owls flew overhead as they filled the cavernous space with their squawks.
If there is some one in history that you want Sheol/Sherlock to encounter, please tell me, and I would be more than willing to write about it! Feel free to leave a comment or message me on my Tumblr (Robottko) and I will totally do that for you!
” Sherlock growled softly. “You can kindly piss off.”
The light from the window of Angelo's spilled out into the early evening, giving Sherlock a perfect view of John. To the untrained eye he appeared casual, but Sherlock could see a stiffness in his shoulders that hadn't been there before. He peered past John, trying to figure out who was causing such irritation in his companion.
“Simple.” Sherlock replied. “When you were prepared to attack me, your eyes quickly found all the sensitive points that are most commonly used to disarm an attacker. That could be indicative of your soldier side, but I noticed how you decided on going for my inner elbow. A move that would definitely hurt, but not cause lasting damage. You have high morals, and you only wound in desperate times.”
“A genius?” I smirk. Clearly they’re having me on.
“After all,” Sherlock continues, oblivious to my staring. “You’re still trying to flirt with him even though he’s obviously disinterested. I believe scaring you away is the next best thing.”
Sherlock peeled open his eyes, squinting immediately in the late morning sun. The sun had just started its morning ascent when he came crashing off the pier, so he must have been out for several hours.
“Oh, but I did,” Violet said, smiling. “I wasn’t sure what you wanted; you know how Sherlock is, likes to keep things mysterious. Go on, open it up!”
“What is going on?” He demanded, trying to untie the scarf, but to no avail.
“Dinner is ready.” She repeated. “I suggest you come inside, before you catch your deaths.”
I cannot believe this fic is finished! It's been a long process, and many of you have had to wait exorbitant amounts of time between chapters, but we've finally made it! I want to thank each and every one of you. Your unending patience and encouragement has meant more than you could ever know. Please know that I adore you, even those that never commented or anything. The fact you clicked on this story means the world to me. Thank you thank you thank you!
Of course, when Victor broke into a dive, the Ravenclaws quickly remembered where their loyalties lay. They screamed as his fingers closed around the snitch, winning the game by only ten points.
“Took it with him everywhere.” Siger chuckled. “Said it was his best friend. Talked to him about his cases.”
“They’re on the house.” She said when she handed Sherlock the receipt. “Now, go surprise your man.”
Thankfully, his fellow classmates took the news even better than he had hoped. His rugby mates voted him captain unanimously, and some had even made it their personal mission to find him his first boyfriend.
Sherlock snorted, a wisp of smoke curling from his nose dramatically. “I do believe I’ll be fine. I’ve had plenty of dragons angry at me, and never have I come to harm.” He said, pushing open the doors and walking inside, his brother trailing after him.
“Ah, Victor.” A voice drawled, and John looked up to see Mycroft Holmes leaning up against the walls of the estate, a cigarette burning between his fingers. “Getting some air, are we?”
"You look familiar," Sebastian replies. "I thought John said you didn't go to our school."
?” Sherlock asked, causing John to jump slightly.
Upon much study, Sherlock discovered that it was called a war. The last war on Holmes had been nearly three centuries before, and any guns that were owned were defunct, and put on display in museums.
“Thank you so much for your time…err…” The silver haired officer said, holding out his hand to shake.
“Normal people don’t become slaves.” John huffed. “At least…not a lot. There are some exceptions, of course, but slavery is bad.”
"Women aren't exactly my area," Sherlock replied absentmindedly, wincing as his voice cracked on 'area".
"But...why?"
“I’m twenty six. Admittedly, I am not young. However, there are officers that are nearing their fifties, and are terribly offended when I prove that I am far more intelligent than they could ever hope to be.” Sherlock replied primly. “As for you, I would guess anywhere between twenty eight and thirty.”
“Don’t be intentionally idiotic, John.” He says scathingly. “No, we’re just going to have to wait for another body to turn up before we can find the common denominator.”
John’s eyes widened, and he looked up in surprise. Sure enough, he and Sherlock were directly under the mistletoe.
“Victor and Sherlock are standing under the mistletoe!” She practically chirped, looking pleased. “Oh, go on, I haven’t seen you two kiss at all!”
“Is it already past Christmas yet?” John asked, mockingly hopeful.
"You okay?" a voice startled Sherlock out of his thoughts. "You look a little lost there."
“Oh, we’re servants now?”
For Sherlock's P.O.V on this chapter, you can read
With that parting comment, Sherlock was off once more, his Belstaff swirling dramatically behind him.
“No, I think he’s hurt.” John set the book down on the sofa next to him. “I’ll be right back, I’ll go talk to him.”
“Er…that’s true.” I say slowly. “I mean, its fine. He’s probably just likes to gossip. But I’m not mad at him or anything.”
to meet your parents? He’s horrid!”
Sherlock stood abruptly, leaning on the desk to better glare at Mycroft. “You don’t
The guard sighed as he opened up the barred door, standing aside to let Sherlock’s family out. “The poor sap didn’t press charges. I would have, had I been him.”
"Sherlock." John said, his mind reeling quickly. It was more of a statement than anything else. The smile Greg shot him made him feel strangely proud.
“I’ll take the upstairs room, then. Thank you so much, Martha.”
Candy canes were sent out the morning before the talent show, and it was in the middle of Maths class that our plan came to fruition. Jim sat on one side of me, and Sebastian on the other. It was the one class we didn’t share with Victor, and thankfully I had Mike in the student government who could decide who would receive their candy canes at what time.
“Well, I am. It looks to me that
"Holmes?" Watson asked, panting slightly. "You're the last person I expected. What are you doing following me?"
“I’m-” John asked, wincing as he patted his shoulder. He pulled a hand away, looking at the blood. “I was shot.”
“Partner?”
“Well, thanks.” I reply. “I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?”
"I was busy," Sherlock replied, glancing briefly at John. "And I still am. It will have to wait."
"I didn't know, I saw," Sherlock interrupted. Best get this over with as soon as possible. "You're a military man, judging by your haircut and posture, and you've got a tan, but it only goes to your wrists. So you've been overseas, but not sunbathing. It wasn't a difficult leap."
A voice said in his head.
It would hardly be in bad fashion to check up on John, right? After all, he had been doing it for months before John was nearly killed, he could probably be in and out in a few seconds.
Greg clapped him on his good shoulder, giving a short chuckle. “I don’t think that’s going to happen, mate. Sherlock won’t leave you be, any more than you want to be left alone.”
“I…what, no!”
“You only wished to see him?”
“Of course.” Sherlock walked around his parents, feeling lighter than he had all day. Even John’s glare when he opened the car door couldn’t dampen his spirits.
"I'm sorry, John, but he's our most likely suspect. We have to take him in for questioning."
“No, you know what, I’m not.” John’s smirk returned in full force. “I’m going to do something first. I am going to make your family absolutely love me.”
"Right. Let me just give you some privacy." Sherlock said, standing and practically running from the room in his haste. If he had been paying attention, he would have heard a fond huff of laughter from John.
"Fine, I'll come."
“I do.” Mike says. “I’ll bring it for you tomorrow.”
The cars reappeared just as Sherlock saw it, a building that covered the entrance to Clacton Pier.
“Of course.” Sherlock said, looking rather proud of himself. “I won’t require you to be at my bedside. I rarely sleep as it is, and hovering can get annoying. Therefore, you have your own room.”
this."
(Short brunette woman will have a cinnamon latte, redheaded male will take a mocha with extra whip, blond man in the frumpy jumper will have a coffee black with no sugar, and Victor will take…Victor??)
Sherlock, who had prided himself in the knowledge that he would never be bogged down with foolish sentiment, discovered that he had fallen in love, and it was far too late to get out.
!" John replied, looking scandalized.
"I didn't realise saving someone's life was considered flirting," John said, rolling his eyes.
He watched guilt and surprise creep across Sherlock’s face, and quickly took pity on him. “They died ages ago. It’s just Harry and I left, and we don’t get on much. Never have.”
He was presented with a sturdy medal that would immediately get shoved into a drawer somewhere.
“Doubtful.” Sherlock hummed. “You managed to kill a guard in the human corrections facility, even as your bite mark was still bleeding.”
“Mummy, Father, this is Victor.” He said as the blond turned to look at his parents.
An hour and a half of walking outside in the cold left John’s toes numb, but he couldn’t bring himself to care as he and Sherlock entered the estate, stomping the snow off their shoes. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was still laughing as he continued to tell John about the things he used to do to Mycroft when he was younger.
“No, a real kiss.” Siger said, shaking his head. “That barely counted as a kiss on the cheek.”
"And you hate being bored," Sherlock said. "You have a bit of a danger streak, which your family disapproves of."
“If you have your way, I’ll be as fat as Mycroft.” Sherlock muttered.
“Oh, hello, Sherlock!” A cheery voice said, and Sherlock looked up to see one of the only angel’s he could stand. Molly stood there, a big smile on her face, and an even larger ream of papers in her hand. She waved a hand, ushering him into her office.
"Probably," Jim replies cheerfully, and for a brief second I see something flash in his eyes. It doesn't stay long enough for me to identify it, but it causes my heart to pound quickly.
"You do?"
"Yeah, right." John said, "Don't want to be stuck with me for an eternity, got the message already. It's like having an obnoxious guardian angel."
“That’s in the past.” Sherlock replied logically, and John couldn’t help but laugh.
“I don’t think, I know.” Sherlock sighed slightly, “The flower pot broke on a hard, flat surface, not a rounded one. The pattern of the cracks also suggest that it was dropped so that it was perpendicular to the ground. If the vase had fallen naturally, it would have landed at a much different angle, and the crack pattern would be completely different. Suggesting by blood on the sidewalk, the victim’s head was struck by a faster force than a randomly falling flower pot. ”
Sherlock finally found him in a small coffee shop on the corner, sitting next to a pretty brunette girl on a comfy sofa. John's arm was slung around her shoulders, and the way he was looking at her made Sherlock's stomach clench in the strangest way.
“I was just checking in to make sure that you were still planning to go to your interview down at the Bank of London.”
“What?” Sherlock turned to the blond in shock, wondering if he misheard him.
"What?!" John took a step back as if he had been slapped. "Greg, why would I kill a human?"
Mycroft went next, unwrapping his gift with careless ease. His eyebrows raised as he took in the briefcase embossed with his initials.
“And here I thought you were a genius.” John teased, though a flicker of worry crossed over his face. “I fell in love with
"It's Tuesday, John," Sherlock murmured, causing John's stomach to do an odd sort of dance at the sound of his deep voice.
“Who are you?” Cain asked, falling away from his brother.
The room was silent for a moment, and John refused to look at Sherlock even though he could feel his eyes on him. Finally, Violet smiled.
"We'll see. I think I'll be taller." Sherlock grinned at him.
Sherlock made a beeline for a window, pressing against it as the ship took off. John waved, and Sherlock waved back, trying not to cry. He would see John soon, he just knew he would.
“You’re the angel of death, aren’t you?” John said softly, and the man’s eyes widen, a small, surprised smile on his face.
"It is interesting, chemically, no doubt," Watson answered, "but practically-”
“Of course it was. It was brilliant, absolutely brilliant.” John said, his face open and admiring.
“Dad, not funny.” I say, which causes him to crack up even more. Shooting an apologetic look at Sherlock, I practically drag him into my room.
Sherlock knew better than to be outside in public when he hadn’t had anything to consume for over a week, but he needed the equipment that St Bartholomew’s had in its lab. Just the month before he had gone on a rampage, draining at least four humans, and biting at least twenty, before Mycroft had put a stop to him. Mycroft, of course, was confident that he managed to kill the bitten before they were turned into vampires, but Sherlock was not so sure.
I am trash. I am so sorry that this has taken nearly a YEAR to update, and my only excuses are that I'm trash, and I was distracted by my other fics. Mostly because I'm trash.
Sherlock huffed, but he followed Mycroft into the prison cells to meet the John Watson. It wasn’t hard to guess who he was. The other blonds looked beaten down, defeated. But one stood out.
“You look great, Johnny!” Jim says happily. He appears slightly lanky in his own matching pair of shorts, but it suited him. Sebastian, in contrast, looks overly muscled. I thank every power that I still have my tan from living in Afghanistan. I look at Victor who looks fantastic in the stupid shorts, naturally, and I sigh looking down at myself once more.
"What are you talking about?"
“You bit him!” The achingly familiar voice said angrily. “Now he’s going to turn, you idiot.”
“I meant what I said, I don’t want a slave.” Sherlock said, opening the prison door and taking hold of Watson’s chains “But I could use a colleague.”
“Is he bothering you?” The voice says. It’s a rich tenor voice, and I automatically know who it belongs to, even though I’ve never heard the man speak before. I turn around to see Victor Trevor standing there. He gives me a small smile before turning his brown eyes on the other boy. “God, Carl, why are you such a skeez?”
"Yeah," I nod. "Of course."
“Leaving so soon?” Jim followed him out the door, and John turned to look at him, a small smile on his face.
" Jim practically gasps, his eyes glowing with delight. "I did
Mycroft looked bored, as he always did. Sherlock did his best to copy his mannerisms, but over and over he would catch himself grinning stupidly. He had been waiting to go to Hogwarts since older brother had started six years previous, and the excitement was almost unbearable.
It isn't until several year's later that Sheol discovers the true terror of The Shining One's gift.
room, actually.”
Of Kings and Emperors
“I must go. I have the perfect hiding spot, and I have to check on how Victor is settling in. We’ll be down for dinner.” Sherlock said.
“I suppose so.” I say, unsure of what kind of survey this could be.
He wondered to himself.
"So, you can't read my favourite colour by my shoes?" John teased.
“How do you know my name sakes?” Sherlock asked, avoiding the topic of Otto. Though it had happened so long ago, the memories were painful.
Sherlock gave a soft laugh, hanging up with a tap of his thumb. Pocketing his mobile, he turned to enter the service door once more, annoyed to discover it had locked behind him. He strolled around the side of the building, debating on the proper course of action.
“But I-”
"Are you sure about this, brother mine?" Mycroft asked, twirling John's documents between his fingers. "Having a slave has proven beneficial to you. Are you willing to lose that?"
John woke up nearly two hours earlier than he intended, and he groaned, rubbing his eyes with his fists. He was exhausted, and finding out you’re sharing a room with a ghost was never fun. Sure, he had had ghosts popping in on him when he was living in his family’s old house, but at least his room was his own.
"We also found human hair at the crime scene," Lestrade said. "Did you know that you're top priority on IDENT1? We ran the prints and hair, and your profile popped up a minute later. I've never seen it work that fast."
“Victor dumped me.”
“I am not your
"Sherlock?" The confused voice of John Watson broke through his thoughts. "What are you doing here?"
"I will, yes." Sherlock breathed, nodding viciously. "Yes."
"John." Sherlock blurted out, staring at the empty fireplace. John, who was sitting in his chair reading the paper, looked up in surprise.
“It’s good to see you two being so polite.” Siger said, and John looked back at him questioningly. Siger, it seemed, was being completely serious. “I was worried we would have another flour-bomb fiasco like two years ago.”
Sherlock, who had mentally prepared for a rude remark, completely froze. He blinked several times, trying to figure out if he had heard John correctly.
"What are you still doing here?" Tom asked.
"Stopped you?" John frowned at him. "I didn't...all I did was grab his chest, I didn't-"
“Don’t play coy, John Watson. I looked you up while you were unconscious.” Sherlock flagged down a cab, ushering John in before sitting down himself, his tail curling slightly at his feet. “You are a dangerous man.”
“Dramatics? You
“If it helps at all, I believe you.” I offer. He turns to look at me, softening slightly.
“We have whole lists to go off of.” Mike chuckles. “How quickly can you get here?”
Sherlock stares at me for a second, and the suddenly we’re kissing, his arms wrapping around my waist as he draws me in. It’s the most marvellous thing I’ve ever done, and I never want to stop. He runs a hand through my hair, and I-
"Can't you become an angel again?" John asked.
"Right," DI Lestrade nods, jotting something else down. "Thank you, Mr Watson. That should be everything. If I have any more questions, I'll give you a call. You're free to go."
The car had barely come to a halt before Sherlock and John were piling in, leaving a respectable distance between them. They had only known each other for an hour; they hadn't even gotten to eat dinner. So why did Sherlock feel so melancholy about losing John?
"Several of them are, actually," Sherlock said, feeling rather impressed with this boy. Most people their age couldn't care less about arithmancy, let alone know the magicians behind the formulas.
“Your brother will not wake up.” Sheol said, clearly frustrated.
“Of course you would blame me.” Mycroft hissed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Unfortunately," Sherlock confirmed.
"To-Sherlock," John interrupted. "I get it, you felt bad for the broken down soldier, but I promised someone I would go on a date with him, and this reflects badly on me!"
“Keep a door open!” My dad calls with a laugh, and I can feel my face turning bright red.
“Oh?” John rolled his eyes. “You come from somewhere else? Some sort of alien then. What does this have to do with me?”
"What do people normally say?" John asked.
“Piss off.”
But years pass, and there is still no sign of his soul mate, and Sheol gives up hope.
Inhaling, he made his way back to the door.
“Oi, where do you want him?” the man who held Sherlock asked as the genius was trying and failing at getting free.
“Tell me, what did you do to your little brother, Mycroft?” Dreln asked, cutting through his train of thought. At the question, Mycroft’s eyes grew dark as he felt his heart thump painfully in his chest. “He mumbled about something not being his fault, so I’m assuming it wasn’t great.” A long-repressed memory ran through his head as he saw his little brother pressed against a wall by his own hand. He shook the thought away as Dreln grinned as the reaction. “You know that it was never your name he called out, don’t you? Kept calling out for a “John”.” Even Dreln caught Mycroft’s jaw clenching and gritting teeth, causing him to smirk. “Do come visit me after Sherlock’s funeral. We’ll have so much to discuss.”
John smiled and shook his head, rubbing Sherlock’s cheek. “You’ve done nothing wrong, Sherlock. We will make it through this – I will help you through this, all right? So stop apologising. It doesn’t suit you.”
Even with his strong stomach, the sound grated on Sherlock’s ears, filling him with a wave of nausea. He tried his best to tune it out, but when he was able to regress to his mind, he found himself back under his brother’s disapproving gaze. Though it would have turned the insides of others, the sounds and smell of the cockney-accented man’s body being cut apart was one he preferred at the moment, even if he knew the same fate awaited him.
Before he could draw his apparent weapon, John flicked the built-up ash into his eyes and lunged at him, hooking his arm around the man’s neck as he moved behind him. His other arm wrapped around the man’s head as the other tried and failed to escape.
It loaded the page, the screenshot that of a man’s exposed rear.
The roar of the shower cutting on barely drowned out the blood pounding against his skull. A hot wash would help to refocus his mind and get him out of the spiral he found himself in. He avoided his reflection as he stripped down, even his subconscious not wanting to see the damage that was still healing. Stepping in, even with the steam billowing upwards, he increased the temperature, wanting to feel anything that was not the torrent raging inside his mind.
At some point during the night, John had managed to fall asleep, his head falling on the back of the chair, his feet propped on the rails of Sherlock’s bed. Unbeknownst to him, an officer had been stationed to Sherlock’s room, ensuring nothing happened to the genius – another courtesy of Donovan’s. John came to when a nurse entered to deliver Sherlock’s medications. He monitored what she gave him and how much, falling back into sleep shortly after she left the room, ensuring his mate reacted properly to the given medication.
John believes he has a lead on Sherlock's location, while his best mate comes to terms with his regrets.
Without hesitation, the American’s free hand ran down his cheek and jaw, before his fingers entered his mouth.
Sorry this took so long. m(__ __)m
The response caught John off-guard.
Lestrade attracted his attention to John, whose expression was filled with curiosity.
“They have Sherlock in a basement and this is a list of every one in London,” he said as Lestrade looked at the paper, which had an identical list to that on his phone. “If we narrow it down—”
“Holmes came to, then crashed,” she spoke in near aggravation, which only garnered a panicked response. “While he was coherent, he requested you and Mycroft – they’re waiting for both of you in the ER back at the hospital. Mycroft has already been notified. Foss will drive you there,” she finished, nodding the officer who brought John out of the room.
It took a moment for Mycroft to register the words being spoken, but when his mind appeared to come back online, his posture changed. He glanced to the phone in his hand before changing screens, inputting a number and bringing it to his ear. Whoever picked up on the other end was met with Mycroft’s calm composure, requesting locations of all building within the city limits with substructures. After he hung up, it was only a few moments before his phone signalled new messages.
“I’m fine, John.” Instead of responding, John went to the chair and moved it, pulling the power cord out from underneath. He turned back to look to Sherlock, whose gaze was on the chair, then to the cord. There was a moment of silence before the younger man said quietly, “Thank you.” He turned and continued making his way to the loo.
“Please tell me he’s with you,” John said, referring to Sherlock as his eyes darted between Lestrade and Donovan. When he saw their expressions, his entire body dropped. “We have to find him. There was a woman.” He fell into Donovan as his head swam, recalling the young woman who claimed to be a fan when she ran into them. He held his head and pulled back from her, wobbling slightly as he stood, regaining his sense of balance. “There was a woman who came up to us and I think she somehow managed to drug Sherlock,” he finally spoke coherently.
That notion had him go on full guard.
A buzz emanated from the American’s pocket and Sherlock could hear the man’s fingers make contact with the screen as he responded to whatever text he had received. After a sigh, he went back to messing with the camera.
John found himself supporting Sherlock’s full weight as he escorted the man to the ground, his back sliding down the building. Once on the ground, John grabbed Sherlock’s face, lightly slapping his cheek, making the genius’ eyes flutter open.
The lack of track marks and footprints.
Any strength he had left him hours ago and all he could do was allow his body to be manipulated by those around him. He had sworn to himself to not go down without a fight, but all the fight that he held onto vanished as his mind lost the fight against itself.
A familiar voice cut his train of thought and he looked behind him to see the comforting gaze of his best mate.
Most people were home for the evening and would not pay attention to the news or any type of alert until the following morning. When he did return home, the thought of sleep had never crossed his mind, despite the heaviness tugging at his eyelids. Instead, he found his way to the kitchen, where he found himself making tea. He settled down in his usual spot, his laptop opened and phone turned on full volume, waiting to hear something from someone.
“Did you catch that?” Lestrade asked as he touched the pad on the laptop, scrolling the video back a bit.
“Christ! Sherlock!” Instantly, he turned off the water, which had run stone cold, and grabbed the towel on the rack.
“You’ve got spit, don’t you?” was the sarcastic response of the American.
The man looked at him, obviously annoyed, and turned his attention back to the chart on the wall.
Please enjoy this chapter that I trimmed from 12 pages to 8!
The conversation that was about in the room had bounced around several times, from Sherlock’s current position to what the group was hoping to gain having Mycroft’s “younger brother” in their possession. Other conversation followed to the import of products and the distribution, which Sherlock had made sure to lock into his memory.
John leaned the crutch against the wall and approached, seeing him become frustrated at getting dressed without causing more injury to his knee. John glanced to see his cast set on the other side of the bed.
“—to smoke a cigarette,” the non-native was caught through the doorway.
Before John could respond, their attention was drawn to the clicking and opening of the door near the opposite end of the room.
They made eye contact, John’s face stern as Lestrade’s was coming back online.
John was wrought with confusion, yet Sherlock’s eyes remained closed. “For what?”
And I hope this intense chapter is worth it!!
In an instant, John slammed the screen shut, his attention jerking to Sherlock.
The Irishman – Cleary – shrugged, shaking his head. “Whatever makes you happy,” he said, voice filled with sarcasm. With that said, he turned on his heel, leaving the room with the camera as the heavy steps of his boots faded out of earshot down the hallway.
“Sherlock, are you all right?” John called as he got up and walked to the restroom door. “Sherlock?” he repeated when he failed to get a response.
With the air tense, Mycroft came out with, “I can’t lose him, John. It would destroy me.”
An odd laugh left his throat when it was a text on a black background that read,
She fell quiet for a moment, battling with herself on whether or not to respond. After an awkward moment, she said quietly, “I – it’s a Sherlock kink site.” At the expressions she was given – Lestrade’s confusion, Donovan’s disgust and John’s incredulous stare – her face flushed red and she shook her head. “No – no – no! It’s not like that! It’s all fake, nothing’s real!” She looked down at her feet, gripping the strap tighter. “It’s where people write stories and draw and dress up. No one on the site actually wants to see or hear about the real Sherlock Holmes getting hurt. That’s not what it’s about,” she said frantically. “But this morning…someone uploaded a video and no one on the site thinks it’s a fake. A lot of people were saying to report it, but I don’t know if anyone has.”
The video ended with the American grinning at the camera.
“The world would end before then, so we should cut this short,” Sherlock said, getting his mind right to block out the pain.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
John knitted his eyebrows in confusion. “They?” Mycroft looked at him, as though not understanding what John failed to comprehend. “Who are “they”?”
“Have you had”—John cut him off—“their contact information?”
I had this idea in my head, sat down and forced myself to work on it with no distractions!
Going against his better judgement, Sherlock found himself parting his lips, giving the man entry. The moment it pressed against his uvula, he gagged, causing the man to extract himself as Sherlock fell into a round of coughing and gagging. Once he inhaled a full breath, his head was grabbed and he was forced to take the man’s length once again. This time, when his uvula was passed, the man held Sherlock’s head still, groaning as the detective’s throat closed around him, choking. He pulled back, before driving his knob into the back of the detective’s throat.
Her red hair and freckled face was that of shock and apprehension.
Lestrade went to re-join Donovan, who had her eyebrows furrowed as a black car turned the corner through their setup roadblock, pulling up out front of the building. She glanced to Lestrade in question, who dropped his shoulders and shook his head, knowing what was to come.
A nurse had come to administer his next round of antibiotics under John’s ever-watchful supervision while they were arguing about finding a case to work on. John was rolling his eyes while Sherlock was going on about having something to occupy his mind. As the nurse was pressing the syringe needle into the injection point, John was asking if Sherlock planned to wheel himself around a crime scene, and that it would be nigh impossible for Lestrade to even consider asking for his assistance within the near future. The other was in the middle of retorting as the medications took over and he trailed off, his eyelids fluttering shut as his words began slurring. Moments later, his breathing had become even and he sank into the mattress. The nurse gave John a knowing smile, which he returned.
Taking her hand off the mouse, she looked up at Donovan, whose eyes were analysing the picture.
“It damn well better, because your current attitude’s pissing me off.” He directed his attention towards the camera, or behind it, so it seemed. With a motion of his head, he was tossed a white cloth, which he held up in view of both the camera and Sherlock. “Know what this is?”
The person he tripped over groaned as their head lolled to the side.
I chose this one because if felt the most logical and the one to keep everyone in-character.
The lack of urgency in their voice bode well, and when he led Lestrade to the person they found, the detective-inspector immediately recognized him as the man from the second video. Finding a lack of heartbeat, Lestrade could not help but feel a sense of satisfaction, though he did not let on, despite the question biting at him about who the person behind the man’s demise could have been. The man’s neck was still red, suggestion the cause of death to be strangulation, and the positioning of the body was meant for it to go unnoticed. Had it not have been for the situation, he could have been mistaken as sleeping.
Sherlock knitted his brows together and adverted his attention to the official, whose subtle changes in posture confirmed Dreln’s accusation.
Clutching Mycroft’s wrist, he pulled at it just enough to relieve enough pressure from his larynx to speak. “God, I wish your little brother could see this!” He started laughing as he brought his leg up to kick Mycroft from him, causing the official to stumble backwards. He stood, flattening out his shirt from where it had been pulled up. “He honestly believed you wouldn’t come for him, and, to be perfectly honest, I felt bad for him. I didn’t expect you to show, either, given what he told me.”
Sherlock moved his mouth in a mocking mimicry. It seemed to work, however, and he picked it back up. It was gone in two bites, the eldest saying nothing until his brother acted appropriately. Sherlock gave him a condescending look when he picked up the yogurt. Mycroft raised his brows, his lips creasing in approval at their corners. After a few minutes, Mycroft broke the silence.
“You can come in.” He called, his voice rough from sleep. “I’m just a slave, anyways. I don’t get any privacy, do I?”
"What does that mean?" John wrinkled his nose in confusion. "Piss off?"
“The pleasure was all mine.” Watson smiled, before turning and leaving the room.
"That I was already head-over-heels in love with you," John said, smiling ruefully. "Which sounds frankly ridiculous, seeing as I've known you less than twenty four hours. But you're a man of many talents, it seems."
The last thing John Watson expected when he entered his small bedsit was company, but that was exactly what he got. A pale man with dark, inky curls was sprawled across his desk chair, looking as if he owned the place. He turned as John entered the room, pale eyes assessing his every move.
“Yeah…” David sighed. After a moment, he looked over at John, worry etched on his face. “Do you think we made the right decision?”
His wrists were bound in handcuffs almost instantly, and Sherlock grabbed at them, surprised by their texture. They were unbelievably soft and fluffy.
“You didn’t have to get me anything,” John said, looking touched. Sherlock didn’t have the heart to tell him that she had technically gotten that for Victor and not him, but as he was pretending to be Victor, he received it instead.
“And on that note, I’m leaving.” John said, leaving his room, grabbing his rucksack on the way out.
“That’s not what most people say.” Sherlock says, watching me as if he’s revaluating my worth.
“Well, Jennifer Wilson was flirting with me, you know that.” I say, confused. “And…er, Carl Powers was doing the same, I suppose. Though he was far cruder.”
John slung his rucksack over his shoulders as made his way up the steps to St Bart's entrance. Though classes started over two weeks ago, the building still smelled beginning-of-the-school-year fresh. The Wall was covered in fresh graffiti, mostly doodles at this point. John smiled to himself as he walked past The Wall, remembering vividly how he had made his own confession last year.
“They’re special made shoes so that it isn’t obvious.” He says quickly. “Don’t tell him I told you.”
“Are you supposed to be a cat?” A particularly dumb girl asks. She had introduced herself to me weeks ago, but it was one of those names that half the girls you know have. I knew it was a Jennifer…
Sheol looked in horror at young Abel. “This is my fault?”
“You didn’t get one?” Jim asks, and Sebastian shakes his head.
I don’t have to wait long for a response, and sure enough, as soon as I exit the restroom, my mobile chimes merrily from my pocket. I open the message, hardly surprised that Greg texted back first.
“You haven’t?” Sherlock’s smirk grew. “Interesting.”
“Really, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s voice made Sherlock jump, and both boys turned to look at the boy who was fifteen sun cycles old. “I didn’t realise that you enjoyed such…trivialities.”
John trailed off as Sherlock walked over to him, his eyes filled with determination. The man was graceful even when upset, and it was really unfair.
“You’re a real prick, you know that.”
Sherlock gives me a half smile before replying. “Your tan. It’s dark, but it stops at the wrist. You weren’t on vacation. Your bag, which is a military standard, has a name on it: ‘Harry’. That isn’t your name, unlikely your fathers judging by the writing style. So, elder brother. The way you walk also suggests youngest child, but you have a confidence about you that hints at only child. Therefore, your brother just moved away, likely to Uni. As for your ambitions, it’s clear in the way you sit. It’s influenced by the military. You had positive experiences. The medical doctor was a shot in the dark, but a good one. All your extracurricular classes point towards an interest in medicine.”
“I believe I must thank you for the same thing.” Sherlock said. “This Christmas would be unbearable without you here.”
The pounding continued, and he realised that it wasn’t all in his head. John huffed, flipping over and glaring at the door.
"Oh god, yes."
John realised as he arrived, however, that he had no idea which flat was Sherlock's. They had only made it as far as the entry before John had left.
"I showered earlier today. I know that you've been dying to get a shower in."
Sherlock froze with his hand over his keys in the ignition, the car still purring with life.
"No, it isn't," Father sighed. "You need to grow up, Sherlock."
"Do you have one of those?" John asked. "A car?"
“Excuse me?” I ask politely.
“That was a bit rude,” Molly said after a moment.
John laughed at Jim’s infectious good cheer. “That we do. I just hope it goes quickly.”
He was monitoring John's group of humans when he saw a different group starting to surround them. It was obvious that John's group was unaware of what was happening, and before Sherlock could do anything, they were shooting.
“So? He still liked you.” Mary clucked her tongue. “Ah well, I was hoping I would get to date John before you realised you two were meant to be together.”
“Alright, I’ll ring you up.” Irene grinned back, peaking out at the car. “That’s a pretty beat up old car for someone as cute as you.”
"Come on, Cap. When do we get to meet him?" Mike Stamford asked, elbowing him.
Watson took Sherlock's hand and gave it a quick shake.
The Great Hall was silent for a moment before bursting into applause. The hat settled back onto the stool, looking once again like a worn out old wizards hat.
“That wasn’t very nice.” I cluck, crossing my arms over my chest. Sherlock just gives me a smirk, mirroring my posture.
“It’s okay, I don’t mind.” Victor says. “I don’t blame you…Sherlock is kind of cute.”
Another car appeared, just managing to miss Sherlock as it swerved towards him. Sherlock flashed him the bird before losing them in traffic, trying to find the best spot to free John.
“Three days?” John asked, sitting up. The ‘doctors’ continued to ignore him, chatting about his prognosis.
“Hey!” John cried, yanking at the fuzzy handcuffs in annoyance. “What the hell is this for?”
“Not even close.” Sherlock said, blinking so the darkness in his eyes vanished back into the pale blue that John had already become familiar with. “Nearly the opposite of Christ, actually.”
He made his way towards the little town, peeking inside the various buildings for John. Not that he knew what he would do when he saw him, of course; he would figure it out as he went.
“Oh really?” John challenged. “What will you ask for, then?”
“And why would they do that?” John asked innocently.
"Are you alright, Sherlock?" John asked.
“Obviously not.” Mycroft rolled his eyes, leaning back in his leather chair. “You haven’t been doing your duties.”
“I’m so sorry, darling.”
Mary stared at the Met, her bright red coat wrapped snugly around her body. The faint sounds of a Christmas party could be heard from outside the building, laughter pouring from the doors. She let out a sigh before walking towards the building, letting herself in.
“Care to explain this?”
Robottko
“Naturally.” Mycroft rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s dramatics. “You need a slave, and I believe you’re the only one smart enough to fall for the lies Watson will tell you.”
“The very same.”
“Wait…really?” John turned to look at Sherlock, whose cheeks were once again a nice shade of red. “You had a crush on me.”
John was silent for a moment, and Sherlock felt as though he were going to explode. Perhaps it was just a short term thing, and he and Mary would get back together soon. Perhaps it was Mary who cut it off, leaving John hurting, or maybe-
“I’ll kill them,” he said, tone dark and expression falling. “Do you understand that?” When he turned to look at the older man, he saw nothing but remorse. “If you put me in a room with that fucking yank, I’ll kill him.”
As a smile cracked its way across Sherlock’s face, John could not help but laugh. “I could always help.” Sherlock turned back to face him, both of their eyes gleaming as they made contact. Sherlock was the first to break, laughing discreetly before John broke and the two wound up in a fit of mirth.
Once in the room, he moved to the chair, picking it up from its original position and moving back to the doorframe, ignoring his sliced hands. When the man stepped into the doorway, Sherlock swung the chair as hard as he could.
“I’ve got some news,” Dreln said as he crouched down next to him. “My boss isn’t happy with your progress, which means he’s not happy with me.”
The legs of the chair scraped against the floor, digging scratches across the concrete. With each movement, the banging echoed around the room. Given enough time, the noise would undoubtedly be investigated, and given the actions that transpired the last time more than one person occupied the room, the young detective was attempting to make haste.
He finally found himself agreeing with Mycroft’s accusations, how it had been his own fault for the position he found himself in, and that there was no way to escape – no one to come for him. Mycroft would never risk his position to aid someone with such insignificance, that much was certain. It was not as though Sherlock did not understand.
“Antibiotics for his blood infection.” The man set the bottle back on the tray.
As he turned back to the door and placed his hand on the handle, he could hear the foreign man urging his ally to stand up as they both shuffled to their feet. He waited until he heard their steps on the tile moving towards the entrance before pulling the door open. Inside the room stood the very man he had been promised.
The phrasing had Sherlock file the information away.
“You could avoid that if your brother would give a shit,” he said, his thumb scrolling through new messages, seemingly immune to the actions and putrid scent.
“Brilliant plan, but you miscounted.” The man’s eyebrows went up in curiosity, but he did not trail his gaze from his phone. “Mycroft’s never been one to negotiate, so all of this won’t bend in your favour.”
“Ain’t no fucking way. Even I felt bad for the poor sod when I heard he did that.”
“I’m sorry, John,” he came out with, his voice distant. Though he expected a form of malice, there was none. Instead, he could only watch through his broken body as John came to kneel beside him and set his hand on his head as his other reached for the younger man’s hand. His being broke and he found himself reliving the unfamiliar emotion. Inhaling sharply, with John’s fingers running through his hair, he could barely say, “Please…stay with me.”
Sherlock shut his eyes and shook his head. “Must you be so loud?”
I hope you like it!!
John realizes the weight of the situation and goes off on his own to find his best mate.
“Nothing that night was your fault, Sherlock, and I never should have allowed you to believe anything otherwise.” Taking in a breath at the mirage of emotions between them both, he brought his hand back. “You were young and I took advantage of your vulnerability. The accountability was mine – it always has been.”
John made a comment about the subject matter, which made them both chuckle, garnering an odd look from another man passing by.
When he garnered no response, a frowned befell his face. He put his hand on Sherlock’s chest and pushed below the ribcage.
The man laughed and clapped his hands. “I thought my accent was pretty spot-on, to be honest. But leave it to a professional detective to call me out on it.” Once he spoke normally, Sherlock placed it in the Americas, most likely Southwestern if he had to pick a quadrant based on the Americans he has heard. His phone buzzed and he held it up, reading and responding to whatever text he had received.
What he came upon was Mycroft holding his phone, staring down at the screen, his brow line furrowed in what John could have mistaken for confusion.
Sherlock’s head was facing him, his lids fluttering to slits. He lifted his head, his gaze moving to the cup on the table. He fell back onto the pillow. “Smells amazing.”
His back hit the outside of the building and he placed his hands on his knees, inhaling while his head pulsed. Her hand was on his shoulder to help stabilize him.
Though the man seemed familiar, John could not place why. It was not a face from one of the videos, but he still could not shake the feeling that something was wrong.
Something cold and wooden met his inner thigh and he found himself tensing as sharp points met the outside of his anus. At the thought of the object it entering him, which he came to realize was the broken leg of the chair he had shattered earlier, his breath caught and he shut his eyes. However, there was a momentary reprieve when a pair of footsteps approached.
“Are you with me, now?” When Sherlock nodded and pulled his head away, John wrapped the towel tighter around him and began rubbing his arms to bring the heat back to his extremities. “Can you stand?”
I got to a point, then my brain just went, "Yeah...screw you, bitch," and took off to Hawaii.
Sherlock paused, his gaze focused on the expression he had come to know of his best friend – the look of concern met with confusion. The reminiscence of John’s reaction after Sherlock’s faked suicide ran through his mind. He had caused John so much pain over the years. Why the man had stayed with him through it all was something the young genius could not comprehend. All he wanted to do was apologise – to tell John, “Sorry…I’m sorry.”
Even the man who would follow protocol to a T was more than willing to take advantage of its loopholes given the right circumstances.
Since writing the previous chapter,
John was forced to return to 221B Baker Street after a break down against the woman – Allison – as she sat at Donovan’s desk. As he was escorted out by Lestrade and another officer, the woman was in tears, apologizing for something that she was not at fault for. A cab was hailed and paid for by the detective inspector, instructing the cabbie to take John directly to the flat, even if the doctor told him otherwise. During the ride, all he could think about was the video, his anger growing with his passing moment – anger at the video, the abductors, the woman…himself for losing his situational awareness upon seeing his friend disoriented the night prior.
So this chapter is insanely intense,
I cannot BELIEVE I pumped out another chapter so soon! (^ v ^)
Behind the leg of the chair lay a metal pin – one the masked mad was unaware had fallen from his pockets during his time subduing a struggling genius.
If you're interested, please read the ending notes.
He trailed behind Foss as they went through and exited the precinct. It did not take long to return to the hospital with Foss turning on the lights to the police car, allowing them to pass through even the heaviest traffic with a bit more ease. The officer tried to keep the conversation between them light, asking about Sherlock’s condition and trying to give John reassurance, things even John knew he was trained to do when dealing with a victim and their close friends or family. Even though he understood why, John’s answers were short, predominately limited to one-word answers, rather having the drive be in silence, than feeling obliged to speak.
Lestrade sighed, his hands going to his hips as he looked around the scene. “That’s where we’re having an issue. There’s one set of tyre marks going into the water, no shoeprints anywhere leaving or arriving. Chances are they put the van in drive, used something to weigh on the treadle and let it roll into the river.”
Every rebuttal came to his forethought, but as he searched for a response, his brain could find none. The only thing he could get out was a stuttering, “But I don’t – Sherlock doesn’t—”
With the hacksaw still on Sherlock’s neck, he pulled it back, creating a jagged cut on the exposed skin. Blood immediately began to drip down his neck, causing his fight or flight instinct to take hold. His hand went from grabbing at the man’s wrist gripping his hair to the hand holding the saw. While his vocals stayed predominately silent, his facial expressions grew frantic, his good leg kicking about as the hacksaw managed to draw forward, cutting deeper.
Finally given somewhat of a reprieve, he was able to regress into his mind.
“What is it?”
He took a seat at the table, which was surprisingly barren, sans for a few newspapers. He took one of the papers, acting to not notice Sherlock’s inquisitive stare at seeing the coffeepot low before his gaze travelled to the cups on the table. Unlike how he would typically ask John if he made his coffee correctly, he hobbled to the other side of the table and pulled the chair out.
“I’m flattered,” Sherlock spoke nonchalantly, despite his heart skipping a beat. “But I do have matters to attend to – more important than those of your
Sherlock’s words resounded in his mind.
Sherlock tried to pull himself back up, but his dislocated shoulder made it impossible and, instead, he was forced to rely on his left arm for support.
“John, you’re pregnant,” Sherlock breathed, looking up at him, eyes sparkling, “With
*.*.*.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side. “You really
He was ushered through quickly, and soon (much too soon to have properly braced himself) he was in Sherlock’s room. Sherlock was lying on the bed, seemingly asleep, but he wasn’t strapped down now.
There were rumours passing around Omegas and Alphas that the Prince Holmes of London was participating this year, but the thing was that only the people who had met Prince Holmes in person would know him, as in the Games everyone only used their first names. It was so that Alphas and Omegas were only judged on how well they did, not titles.
“No!” John yelled, swinging out blindly, only to find himself being pushed down roughly by something large and soft.
John waved him out, then locked the door behind them and made his way back into the bedroom. Shutting the door behind him, he looked around, calling out softly, “Sherlock?”
There was relief evident in Lestrade’s voice as he said, “Thank you, Dr Watson. We really appreciate it.”
John could not think of a better way to spend his life, and his only regret was not finding Sherlock earlier.
John snorted. “Upset me? I’m not weak,” John told Sherlock with a frown.
When John was finished, he set the tray aside, stretching and lay down again. He let Sherlock manoeuvre him until Sherlock was spooning him, arms wrapped firmly around his back. “Better?” Sherlock asked in a soft murmur into John’s ear.
“Only with you, John,” Sherlock murmured against his lips, then playfully nipped at John’s lower lip.
on it. He’d
John watched disinterestedly as another boy – this one a teen with auburn hair and wings, and John wasn’t sure if he was a Dom or Sub – and two adults got out of the car and slowly made their way out of sight as they entered the house.
“You made the right choice, John,” Harry said from beside him, and he glared at her.
And, even after he’d been punished and kicked out because of his interest in the war, he hadn’t joined, the pain of not being with Sherlock consuming him completely.
Feeling happy, John went to his cupboard and took out one of the boxes of tea, and one of the gourmet meals, and put the kettle one. Humming happily, John prepared his meal and his drink and then sat at the table with both, content.
“Look at me, John,” Sherlock ordered him, his voice sounding absolutely wrecked.
“I’m fine,” John assured Sherlock, walking over to his mate and bending to press a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, then chuckled and said, “You know, for people in a high-security prison, they’re rather weak, aren’t they?”
“I bought you a special pair of panties for your heat,” Sherlock purred, making John shiver and whine pitifully.
s the
Sherlock always made his meals, and if he knew he wasn’t going to be there, he left a meal for John in the fridge to ensure that John was eating properly.
John woke several hours later to the smell of food. His stomach rumbled, and John yawned and stretched out, humming happily as familiar long arms cuddled him closer. Blinking open his eyes, John lifted his hand and rubbed his eyes to clear them. The soft murmur of voices caught his attention, one being the familiar rumble of his Alpha, but the other was unknown.
“Not until I get my answers,” Sherlock growled, and then shot in front of John, and John swerved under him, continuing on, his heart racing.
“Won’t,” John promised. Then, he whined, “Sleep. Please.”
By the time that John had finished half of his dinner, Sherlock had already finished his, and simply watched John eat the rest of his dinner. John felt uncomfortably full by the end, and he sat back in his chair for a moment before looking up at Sherlock eagerly.
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock murmured, his second set of smaller wings flexing slightly and drawing John even closer, and John made a soft noise of questioning, “I could hear them from here. Your sister wouldn’t listen even if you tried to talk to her into not going out partying. There’s nothing you can do, and your parents are wrong to blame you. That is not a good environment for anyone. You should stay here, with me. I’ll care for you, you know I will.”
Reclining back against the headboard, John sat cross-legged and placed the box in his lap before opening the envelope. It smelt like Sherlock, and John held it to his nose and inhaled deeply. Then, he read what Sherlock had written him.
If Sherlock had revealed the collar, then it would all be over. Sherlock would run him off, and John would be left with nothing.
Sherlock’s arms and wings tightened around him, giving him a sleepy snarl. “Stay,” Sherlock demanded, his voice rough, but he was clearly still asleep.
On the sixteenth day, John woke to the feel of soft breath on his face, a warm weight on his chest and an insistent, ‘
They sat down, side-by-side, and worked on them. John lay his stick down flat on the grass, and plucked out grass stems, winding them around the stick, and placed a nut on top, and then brought his wings around and plucked out two of the smallest ones (soft and only ten centimetres long) and placed them so that the stems were touching the nut. “What colour do you want it?” he asked Sherlock, turning to him.
Now he really,
John snorted, “Of course I do. Have to let our pup know that they’re loved,” John replied, rolling his eyes even as he felt his face flush.
to try and tear them apart? John would rip him limb from limb if he tried!
, Sherlock cooed, licking and nuzzling John’s neck. His nose snuffled at the side of John’s neck, pausing for a moment before he bit down, hard, and ordered,
As they touched down in front of the Holmes’ mansion, it started to rain. At least that might hide his tears. Taking in a deep breath, he knocked on the door, half-hoping that there was no-one home.
, John snapped, and then was surprised by his own flash of anger.
When Sherlock came to check on him next, John looped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and let himself fall backwards, bringing Sherlock down on top of him. He grinned at the startled noise Sherlock let out, muffled by the way his face was pressed into John’s neck, and caught himself with hands on either side of John’s head so he wouldn’t squash the Omega completely.
John followed Sherlock’s scent trail a long way, grateful that most humans returned to their dens at night, loping along the hard ground until the scent grew a lot stronger. And mixed with a lot of other scents. Scents that carried the distinct smell of human weapons. Alarmed, John bolted into a wide den to find his Alpha cornering a human, his back to the line of humans that held up weapons. Slinking forward silently, noting that none of the humans had noticed him yet, he watched as the human his Alpha was approaching bolted away from the line of humans, but straight into John.
Sherlock quickly and roughly opened John up with his fingers, and then pulled down his own trousers and pants and thrust into John with a growl.
At day 65, John gave birth. It was the middle of the night, and John was alone in the nest, and he could hear Sherlock rustling around in the kitchen. He gasped awake, hands clutching his large belly as pain rocketed through him. “Sherlock!” John cried out, shoving the covers off of him, and kicking them to the end of the bed, “Sherlock!” John cried again, whining in pain.
John slipped back into the haze of his heat, and was awoken again by a welcome voice.
John sighed. “It’s too much of a risk,” John told Sherlock, looking to the side.
“What did you do?” John murmured, his tone not accusatory.
After several long minutes of gentle petting, John’s stomach growled again and he let out a soft whine of pleading, glancing up at the Alpha. John was hungry, and the bloody meat was inches away from his mouth, but he didn’t dare take any.
Sherlock ruffled his wings powerfully, and straightened, turning and glaring fiercely at John. Oh, goodness. He had gotten even more handsome since he had seen him last. He was still pale, and his eyes were the same blue-silver colour as they had always been, but now they were more cold, like there was a wall there, separating his emotions from everything else. He was wearing a suit, a white dress shirt with a black jacket and black slacks and they looked damn
, Sherlock murmured into his mind, nuzzling John’s jaw.
“John? What happened?” Sherlock asked, confused, then his head snapped up and he gazed at the guards, and John saw dawning horror on his face.
“Uh, yeah, okay. But you’re not climbing up on my shoulder with those dirty claws of yours!” John warned, and rolled up his sleeves, holding out one arm.
Sub! Mine!”
John hadn’t noticed during the past weeks, but looking in the mirror now, John’s gaze was focused on his belly and the firm, round bump. Running his hand down his belly, John could feel it now. He’d just assumed that he’d gained weight. But, this bump was too round and smooth for that. Something nudged against his hand, and John yelped and his hand flew away from his belly as if he’d been burnt.
know him. Not anymore.
There was a rustle behind him, then strong arms were wrapping around him and pulling him close, one long arm around his back and the other cradling his head, pressing his face into the pale neck. John inhaled the familiar comforting scent, clutching at Sherlock and pressing his eyes closed as Sherlock gently lay them back down and pulled the sheets over the both of them and began stroking his hair.
“This can’t continue,” his mother told him sternly, her expression stony.
Of course, when John woke up it was to the sound of the door being slammed open and Sherlock snarling as he clutched John closer. Groggy and still exhausted, John blearily opened his eyes and whined in question.
John stared after him in silent longing. There was no call of his name for him to follow, or a snap of Sherlock’s long fingers. Disheartened, John glanced at Mike who smiled at him and shrugged. “I’ve got to go to. I’ll see you out,” Mike said, and started walking towards the door, glancing back at John before he reached it.
John closed his eyes and relaxed, focusing simply on Sherlock and not on all the weird things going on with his body.
Sherlock was watching him, still frowning as he tried to figure out this puzzle.
John blinked a few times, and found that when his vision cleared, he couldn’t see anything except for Sherlock’s arms. It seemed that Sherlock had curled over John so that he was mostly out of sight. John flushed as he realised that his arse was still exposed, and he could feel Sherlock’s soft cock against his bare skin. God, what a way to be caught. Judging by the amount of drying liquid on the backs of his thighs, Sherlock’s knot had softened not that long ago, but long ago enough that the small amount of Sherlock’s seed that had slipped out had had time to dry.
“Yes, yes, alright,” John chuckled, and stripped quickly, placing his clothes in the washing basket.
Sherlock’s face tightened, his distaste for the idea obvious. His Alpha opened his mouth to try and persuade John otherwise, but John cut him off once more.
From then on, Sherlock taught John how to read, write, and talk. He bought John clothes and taught him how to be human. Of course, John still preferred to be a wolf, and as a compromise he spent the day as a human and night as a wolf. He liked that Sherlock liked his human form, and Sherlock proudly showed John off, taking him outside and declaring to anyone who questioned why John was there, that John was
He could feel Sherlock’s beaming smile on his neck, and John turned and looked up at the Alpha, to find Sherlock looking back at him. Sherlock dipped his head and pressed their lips together gently, just brushing and breathing each other’s air.
“What’s his name?” John asked curiously.
Finally, John nodded, whispering, “Yes. Yes, I would love to, Sherlock.”
“I promise,” Sherlock promised, kissing the nape of his neck lightly.
John wrapped his arms around the comforting weight of Sherlock pressing against him, and closed his eyes, gently inhaling the smell of his Devil.
Sherlock bent down and pressed their lips together quickly before pulling back and grabbing John’s hand and started running.
*.*.*.*.*
John shrugged. “I didn’t really think about it. You’re all I ever need. Though, it would be stupid to think that I was the only one,” John admitted.
Fallen now, John. We need to discuss this,” he mumbled into John’s neck, where his face was buried.
John smiled happily, incredibly pleased. “I’m glad you like me so much,” John told Sherlock and kissed his Alpha to show his appreciation.
“Don’t worry, there’s only one person in my life right now,” John said, glancing up at Sherlock’s dark scowl with a smile.
John watched her go.
Taking a deep breath, he dashed through dark alley ways to stay out of sight, running through a park. Sherlock had memorised London by the time he was seventeen, so John had been forced to learn it as well to keep up with him and not lose him.
Sherlock snorted, and then his face softened, and he sighed, wrapping his arms around John and slumping into him. “You should have told me sooner. You’re
“Why did you freak out earlier?” Sherlock questioned, hands coming down and carding through the thick fur on John’s scruff, “What happened?”
John sighed, and lay down next to Sherlock on the ground, and one of Sherlock’s wings stretched out and wrapped around the Angel, pulling him in close to his Devil’s side. Sherlock gave a happy, sleepy murmur, and immediately fell back asleep.
“Wha-? How?” Sarah gasped, a hand flying to her mouth.
“No! Let me go!” John demanded frantically, struggling, but that just caused Sherlock to growl and tighten his grip.
John had frowned but agreed, but it had still been another two days before he’d had the chance to travel back into Central London and to the prison. John was exhausted when he’d arrived, but had waved off Lestrade’s offer of coming back after he’d had a sleep. He wanted to see his Alpha again. He was thankful that he hadn’t experienced any more sickness so far, even though he was only a few weeks along.
Sherlock gave a snort. “Can’t whatever it is wait?” Sherlock demanded. “What if Mycroft had come in here and seen you? Or my father?!”
Sherlock pulled back slightly, shock clear on his face and for a moment his face was vulnerable as he asked softly, “You really think so?”
Now all he had to do was to go over there, hand over the flower and say a few words as to why he’d given it to Sherlock. It was simple, right? Well, apparently not. Taking in a deep breath, John stepped forward towards Sherlock. He could do this. Right? Right.
Sherlock could suck it up, as John was coming whether Sherlock wanted him to or not! Sherlock had bonded with him knowing that was a stubborn, non-traditional Omega, and John knew that Sherlock loved that about him.
“I know. And I love you, too, John. Forever,” Sherlock whispered.
*.*.*.
John moaned as his nose pressed against the soft curls around the base of Sherlock’s cock, and he could both hear and feel Sherlock’s accelerated breathing.
John turned slightly into the contact, but didn’t take his gaze away from Mycroft, never blinking.
Sherlock inclined his head to the left, “Sit with me a while, John.” It was more an order than an invitation, but John took it anyway, sitting down next to Sherlock.
A grin formed on Sherlock’s face, and John felt a wave of relief wash over him, and he grinned down at Sherlock in return.
John decided to not elaborate further in case he said something that they hadn’t suspected as of yet. Lestrade looked shocked and weary, and most of the guards seemed uncomfortable.
John snorted and rolled his eyes. “Right,” John said with a sigh. Then, he lowered his voice and said softly, “There’s an Omega guard here. I passed him on the way in, and I know for a fact that he smelt our bond.”
“Morning,” John greeted warmly, his voice rough from over-exertion.
“Wolf,” John blurted out, then his eyes widened and he stepped back. He hadn’t even known that he could speak like a human. But being referred to as a dog had rankled him, and his mouth had reacted before he could think.
“This is John. He’s my pet,” Sherlock said, chin tilting up in defiance, “And he just caught the serial killer you almost let get away with four murders!”
Sherlock’s gaze met his, and he stepped forward, bringing their faces close together. Sherlock’s eyes searched his.
John was stunned. No one had ever, ever, said anything to him that held the same amount of devotion and possession. John found that he rather loved it. John watched as Sherlock turned back to his meal and finished it off quickly.
Once they had calmed down, they shared a wide grin.
“Where did you get this? What did you do to John?” Sherlock voice was quiet, but so deadly that John shivered, swallowing and tilting his head back further instinctively.
“It’s not good for the pup, though,” Sherlock growled out lowly, moving forward and pressing his hands to John’s belly, making the Omega sigh contentedly, “Any stress caused to you affects the baby, and I will not stand for that, John.”
Sherlock chuckled softly, seemingly amused. “Well, it was easy. Exceptionally so,” Sherlock said, before bending forward and whispered in John’s ear, “And I
John hummed in thought. “I don’t know anything about you,” John said, looking up at the tall Alpha.
Mike shut his mouth, but John could still see the anger evident in him.
There was a few beats of silence, and then:
Pulling out of him, Sherlock rolled to the side and gathered John in his arms tenderly, kissing away the tears. “It’s okay, John. It’s over,” Sherlock soothed, and John nodded.
“I will return,” Sherlock said, and John’s heart stopped in devastation, “On one condition. John must come with me.”
Sherlock lowered his head and John closed his eyes, tilting his head up as Sherlock lapped at his lips for a few moments, easing all traces of the woman before sliding his tongue into John’s mouth and thoroughly caressing John’s mouth, claiming it as his own once more. John sighed in relief and tightened his hold on Sherlock, pressing eagerly into the kiss.
Closing his eyes, John snuggled so his face was pressed against Sherlock’s neck so he could inhale the strong scent of Sherlock with every breath.
Sherlock
John peered over his shoulder and shifted on foot to touch his upper thigh, still stretching as they talked. He saw the way Sherlock’s face tightened slightly, and then he sighed. “Well, not really. There’s Mrs Hudson, our landlady, but that’s about it,” Sherlock told him, “I don’t really have friends, John. Just you. You’re all that I need.”
John nodded, tearing his gaze from the baby to her.
John sighed and leant back against the cave wall, and looked around the cave. It looked so much bigger without Sherlock in it, and John suddenly felt lonely. He closed his eyes and let his wings curl out around him. He knew he should go back to the safety of his clouds, but he couldn’t bring himself to leave. What if Sherlock came back? Unlikely.
, John. No one else’s,” Sherlock hissed, tearing (literally) John’s clothes off of him, and his own was quick to follow until they were both naked.
Sherlock looked at him suddenly, then his eyes flickered to John’s wings and he frowned, reaching out with his other hand and touching them gently. “I know these wings,” Sherlock murmured to himself.
*.*.*.*
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked in a low growl, body tense against John’s back.
A few minutes later, he sneezed again and glanced away from Sherlock to find a man standing near him. The man smiled at him, and John flinched in surprise. There, peeking out from under his lip, was a fang. Glancing around, John found that he could suddenly see that the room was full of beings like him – a fang here, a gesture there that was reminiscent of wolves.
Sherlock’s voice entered his mind, and John couldn’t help a happy bark.
Sherlock’s eyes gleamed in pleasure, and he answered shortly, “Tonight.”
“What?” John snapped defensively, wanting to curl his wings around himself to hide, but they frustratingly stayed spread and lowered.
Except, no humans came. The sun went up, then the moon rose, then the sun went up and set, over and over again. John could smell that the wound the trap caused was infected, the sharp bitterness making him want to gag, and he was developing the hazy-sight that came from an infected wound, doubled by his hunger and thirst.
They lived happily for the most part, solving crimes together and eventually retiring to the countryside to keep bees.
Sherlock sighed and nodded his head. “Alright, I suppose you could come with me to crime scenes, as long as you behave,” his Alpha said and John perked up instantly, tail wagging faster.
“Ta. I’ll see you later then,” John said, waving a hand and turning and going down the stairs, making sure to lock the door on his way out.
But, only that never happened. After the ceremony for graduation, John had gone to say goodbye to his parents, and Sherlock had gone to say goodbye to his, and Sherlock had promised to meet him out the front of the school. So, John had gone and waited. And waited.
we have sex, I’ll be the one to carry the egg?”
He nodded slightly against Sherlock’s neck. Pulling back from John, Sherlock looked down at him, and then pressed their lips together gently. John pressed eagerly into the kiss, opening his mouth for Sherlock to plunge his tongue inside, which he did.
John hummed in reply, and it wasn’t long after that before Sherlock fell asleep, and John followed soon after.
“Now?” John asked, to clarify.
Confused, John stood, and packed up his bag before walking out, casting a last look back at Sherlock before leaving and going back to his apartment.
“I’ve just come off my heat, I’m not certain of anything of the moment except for the fact that I’m in my home in my jammies,” John snapped, watching the colour rise to the DI’s cheeks, and John stood back and waved them in.
Whilst he was terrified of Sherlock’s reaction, he knew that he couldn’t run anymore – figuratively and literally.
Mycroft and Mr Holmes’ eyes narrowed suspiciously, but Mrs Holmes smiled at him. “It’s alright dear,” she said, turning to her husband. Then, she gestured John forward, “Come on, then, but be quiet, he just went to sleep.”
John walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge. Sherlock clambered on fully, lying down on the bed and turning onto his side, propping his head up with his long pale hand, staring at John.
John’s eyes landed on an unfamiliar person, sitting uncomfortably close to the bed on a chair that John didn’t know where it had come from. Pressing backwards into Sherlock, John eyed the man warily. Obviously, Sherlock trusted this stranger, otherwise he wouldn’t have let him come so close. The stranger wasn’t even looking at John, his gaze fully focused on Sherlock.
His hands came up and cupped John’s face, turning it gently from side to side before smiling, which quickly turned into a grin. “Oh, John this is brilliant! I always knew you were special, but this is amazing! Now I never have to leave you behind, because you can come with me like this! We’ll never be apart, never!” Sherlock declared triumphantly, before his face swooped down and his lips claimed John’s.
Sherlock leaned down until his lips were at John’s ear, and murmured, “I’m flattered, but it is
John Watson was an Omega, but didn’t want to go to the government and mostly hid his second gender, not wanting people to judge him or treat him differently for something that really wasn’t that important. John tried signing up for the army when he was eighteen, but as soon as they realised that he’d ticked the ‘Omega’ box (he really didn’t want to get in trouble with the law by lying about his second gender) they actually called him instead of sending a letter and firmly told him that they would not risk him being killed and even if he didn’t want to go to the government centres and find a mate, they would not risk his life.
“Tell me what you’re hiding, John. Now,” Sherlock commanded.
Sherlock’s chest was heaving, and his fear was so strong that John could smell it even though he was a human, but his face was twisted with rage. John whined low in his throat and leant forward, licking Sherlock’s jaw to try and calm him and assure him that he was okay.
With a thud, silence echoed. Then, the clack of claws coming towards him. Breath on his face, then whiskers, and then he could see as he blindfold dropped away. Standing in front of him, was a magnificent wolf. Tall and lean, with dark black curly fur and vividly bright blue eyes with other colors swirling within. Sherlock’s eyes. John would recognize those anywhere.
Sarah turned around, surprise, her face flushing in embarrassment at being caught. “Oh! John!” she exclaimed, glancing around.
“Enough,” he murmured in John’s ear, an edge of irritation in his tone.
Sherlock clicked his teeth and spread his wings in an attempt to look menacing.
John gazed in awe at Sherlock’s wolf form. He was large – much larger than John – with black shaggy fur that was curly, and his eyes were still the same piercing blue. John rolled onto his side, gaze watching Sherlock and his tail thumped against the bed.
me?” Sherlock repeated, his intense gaze focussed on John.
It took two days. Two days, until suddenly Sherlock bolted upright, teeth bared in a snarl and gaze flitting around.
The Devil rolled his eyes and released John and peered closely at John’s wings.
– exuded.
John nodded his head in understanding, and then asked, “Are the guards in on this?”
“To put it simply, I went feral. Hence the state of my fur. I reverted back to that of an average wolf. All I knew where base instincts and who you were and the knowledge that my own Alpha had kicked me out sent me wild. So, I fled to the first place I had been thinking about last – Afghanistan. I hunted animals or something. I can’t quite remember. Then, hunters found me. Wolf hunters. They tracked me for weeks, and then ambushed me in the night, tried to capture me in nets, and shot around randomly to spook me – which worked – and I fled and escaped, managing to get away with only a shot to the shoulder. My limp had slowed me down. The therapist Mike forced me to go to said it was because of the wound. But it wasn’t. I had it before then. It was because you kicked me out that I started limping,” John finished, watching the expressions pass over Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock gave a short growl. “You think that I’d let something bad happen to you?” Sherlock demanded, his eyes narrowing.
So, he didn’t remember John. He wasn’t surprised, but it still hurt. John’s eyes flicked around desperately. “I-I was just leaving, actually,” John said, pointing upwards and shrugging, trying to appear casual.
! You can’t just barge into my flat!”
Creeping forward quietly, aware that he was being watched intently, he peered over the side of the bed and his eyes widened again. “He’s
“The pain will fade with time,” Sherlock said soothingly, and John nodded, relaxing.
But, he knew that he needed to get rid of all the evidence that Sherlock had contact with him. Especially
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to freak out on you,” John chuckled, reaching up and resting his palm against Sherlock’s cheek. “Are you okay? She didn’t hurt you, did she?”
John was absolutely distraught, and had waited all night and well into the next morning. John flew home, his wings now strong enough to support him, though he couldn’t fly very far yet as he was still young, and discovered that Sherlock’s entire family had moved. The house next door was empty once more. Not even a trace of the fact that they’d lived here remained.
John smiled and played gently with Sherlock’s fingers. “How long are you going to stay?” John asked, then clarified, “With me. Here in Baker Street?”
“Where do you think you’re going?” Sherlock grumbled, half-sitting up and rubbing at his eyes with the heel of his palm and gazing at John steadily.
Sherlock beamed up at him, wings flapping proudly, and then they raced off, collecting twigs and nuts and whatever else they wanted to add to their pencils.
John whined, confused. He didn’t know what was going on. Without turning to face him, Sherlock reached back and placed a calming hand on John’s head.
He felt soft hands touch his wings, and felt a shiver run through him. Nobody had ever touched his wings before – not even his parents – but it didn’t feel bad. He could feel Sherlock pressing slightly on his wings, trying to peer over them, and John chuckled. He slowly opened his wings, and Sherlock fell forward with a soft cry. John caught him, gently placing him on his knee so that they could both see each other. Sherlock had a curly mop of black hair, that looked absolutely adorable, and he still had the same eyes, except they were trusting as they looked at John, and he had pale skin, and a lanky body.
