“I know, Dean.” Cas lifts his head a little to look Dean straight in the eyes. “I have faith in you. And I am sorry about Gabriel. He’s always very forward. He’s only trying to look out for me.” Dean sighs heavily and slides his hand from Cas’ hair to his chin so they can kiss.
“I was…thinking,” Cas stutters, anxiously brushing a strand of dark hair behind his ear. Dean doesn’t notice, dropping the food bags onto the stained, rickety table and advancing with an interested gleam in his eyes. They flick up and down appreciatively, clearly delighted by this turn of events.
“Yeah. No one died, nothing got blown up, Gabriel didn’t spill something pink and sticky on the sofa…” Dean drawls, eyes drifting to the other sofa. Gabriel and Sam are sitting a bit close for his liking but he figures he can let it go this once.
“How are you planning on explaining yourself?” Dean demands immediately. Sam looks down at his feet, something he’s always done when he’s being told off, and fidgets. Dean recognises that face, the hair falling strategically in his eyes, the bottom lip, the wide, innocent look. Oh yeah, Sam knows he’s done something wrong and he’s about to try to blag his way out of it.
“Maybe you should have a shower,” Cas says. “The internet said that steam is good for this sort of thing and it would help you feel better. Besides, you smell unpleasant.”
“Ok, this way,” Sam says and pulls on Cas’ shirt sleeve so that the angel follows him over to the bed Dean is sleeping in. Sam yanks back the covers on the empty side of the bed and gestures at Cas several times before groaning in exasperation and yanking on his arm.
Which is lovely. It really is. Sam loves his brother more than anyone else in the world and than anyone that will ever exist so he’s thrilled that Dean is happy.
“I am not human, Dean,” Cas had snapped and Dean had given him that look, that guilty, pitying look.
Cas turns Dean around gently – for an all-powerful angel Cas is always so gentle with Dean – and has him lean against the wall for support. Cas picks up the shampoo bottle and begins washing Dean’s hair, pouring the sweet smelling liquid into his hands and lathering it into Dean’s hair. Dean closes his eyes, partly out of pleasure but because Cas does not understand that it’s not pleasant for humans to have something in their eyes and is not as careful of Dean’s as he should be. Dean grips onto the shower rail tightly because the heat is getting too much and the water feels like pin pricks across his skin but then an arm wraps around Dean’s waist as support and manoeuvres Dean under the spray to wash the shampoo out. Dean flinches from discomfort but Castiel is quick and efficient, rinsing Dean’s hair and deftly washes Dean’s body, every nook and cranny. Dean groans deep in his throat as long angel fingers run over the inside of his thighs, his collarbone, his backside, but they never linger there long. If it had been Dean he would have groped but it never occurs to Cas. He’s on a mission. Get Dean clean. No distractions.
“Looks good, bro,” Gabriel compliments, eyeing up the food appreciatively. Cas smiles as he puts down the salad bowl in the centre of the table. Sam predictably reaches for it first, piling the lettuce onto his plate.
“What if I have to piss?” Dean asks weakly. Castiel ignores him, searching through Bobby’s cupboards for another blanket. He finds the thickest, least ugly one there is and arranges it carefully over Dean’s body.
Dean opens his mouth again now that Cas has removed his hand but then closes it hurriedly. Cas is using The Voice.
“Sorry, guys, I think I have to go deal with this,” he mutters, throwing his napkin down on the table as he stands. Gabriel looks away from Sam for the briefest moment to smirk.
“Good,” Dean says with some satisfaction. “I wouldn’t let you leave me anyway. What kind of guardian angel would you be if you skipped town?” But Castiel knows that this also is in jest: Dean’s real feelings are, as always, hidden behind riddles and a joke. But after almost a year of Dean Winchester, Castiel understands what the hunter really means and loves him all the more for it.
Dean nods. They stand in awkward silence for a moment until Gabriel clatters through the living room to the door.
“I can think of another way for you to bribe Dean to stay in bed but you’d probably think it was unethical,” Sam quips, shrugging his jacket over his massive shoulders and waving the Impala keys at Cas. “I’ll be back soon, alright? You’re in charge of Dean. No mojo-ing him.”
“Of course. You two have fun. Before you go though, Sam, I have that recipe you wanted. I’ll get it for you in the kitchen.” Dean gives Cas a look, which only turns more incredulous when Cas keeps talking. “And Dean, can you escort Gabriel to the door? We’ll be along in a minute.”
Cas opens his eyes again, back in the motel room. He hadn’t even noticed he’d shut them, caught up in memories of heat and wetness and soft, hot skin. He long for Dean, aches for Dean. He has always found Dean visually pleasing and it has just increased now that they are in a carnal relationship. The pleasure Dean brings to his body is indescribable; worth falling for. Even when they are just kissing, the heat works its way into his groin and his head until it pounds away like a drum. If he were infected by Famine now, with this body as his own, he would crave Dean, fierce and hungry. He wants it, even now. He wants Dean’s strong, hard body to push him down and cover him, until he can feel every bump and ridge of firm muscle, the smooth planes of his back, the sculpted curves of his ass. Cas loves reaching back during sex and cupping them in his hands, urging Dean faster, harder, sometimes just to ground himself and remember that this is real.
Cas inhales a few more times, trying to focus and calm his mind, like he used to, back when he had Grace. Finally, he’s ready…and opens them.
“Sam’s my brother. Big, awkward, too much hair?” Dean explains and, rather ridiculously, mimes Sam’s stupid hippy hair with his hands.
Cas squeezes him again, a little bit harder. Right. They have things to be doing. Involving half a pan of apple pie.
Castiel is nervous. He’s fretting over the vinaigrette for the salad (commenting that no one cares about the salad gets Dean kicked out of the kitchen) and how much ginger needs putting in the marinade. He changes clothes at least three times and folds the napkins into bishop hats. Dean just watches, as his only job was ‘don’t eat the pie I made for tonight.’
“Well, yes, but not everyone has an angel for a boyfriend,” Sam explains patiently. “If you want to help, make him tea or soup or something. That’s what normal people- I mean, what humans do,” Sam hurriedly amended as Cas fixed him with an icy stare.
“Oh, well, if the internet says so…” Dean mumbles grumpily. “Cas, there’s nothing to do! I hate being stuck up there. And no one will come near me, in case they catch it.”
“Thank you, Sam. That would be very helpful. The internet said that it should be chicken.” Now Sam looks really worried, expression twisting at Cas’ words and the memory of another time Castiel thought all answers lied with the internet.
“Maybe the tie too,” he mutters to himself, loosening the garment and pulling it over Cas’s head. “Yeah, that’ll do.”
Gabriel catches Dean glaring at him over their starter of asparagus on toast points and merely sticks his tongue out. Dean scowls. He really hopes Sam doesn’t actually like this guy, because having him as an almost-brother-in-law, who lives out of town and only drops in to make Dean’s life hell, is only just bearable. If they dated and even – bloody hell – married, Dean may just take a cyanide pill and be done with it.
“Why do humans consider it such a luxury?” Castiel asks curiously. “You seem to enjoy sleeping more than the required amount.”
They stay huddled together for a while, Cas watchful, Dean dozing until there’s the purr of the Impala in the drive and Sam’s arrival announced noisily by a slammed door and a welcoming call.
“Goodbye, Castiel. Goodbye, Dean. Enjoy your evening.” She hitches her handbag a little higher over her shoulder and walks away in her little high heels. Cas and Den stare open-mouthed after her.
And then there’s the tiny voice inside Sam’s head that is shrieking in disbelief not because Dean is holding hands and giving goodbye kisses but because he is holding hands and kissing Cas. Angel of the Lord, Jimmy Novak possessing, serious and gravelly Castiel.
But it’s only been a few weeks so they are still working out the various kinks in their relationship and unfortunately Sam has to be there as well. Sharing a car, motel room and general space with them means he has very little choice when Cas is hurt that Dean doesn’t want to hold hands in public at that particular moment. It’s the same when Dean gets pissed off at angels in general and forgets to exclude the one helpful, decent angel from the ‘fucking pile of dickwads’ that he rants about constantly. That particular fight usually ends with Cas leaving without so much as a goodbye and Dean grovelling over the phone to Cas' answering machine that he’s sorry and ‘you know I didn’t mean you, right?’ Dean gets family but sometimes he forgets the angels are Cas’ family. But the angels are probably in Heaven calling the Winchesters every name under the sun so it just further emphasises how weird this match is. How screwed up this weird pseudo-hybrid family is.
A few days later they’re interviewing a witness in his garage. Dean had dutifully admired his Beemer, softening him up with manly bonding over engines and such before asking him about the supposed harpy he saw last week. They have an arrangement for these sorts of things. Sam talks to traumatised victims, Dean does the ‘bad cop’ interrogating and Cas stares at witnesses and makes them uncomfortable until they start to talk. So Cas usually hangs back and lets Dean take the lead, nosing around and checking that what the victim is saying is true until he’s needed. But this time Dean happens to catch sight of Cas holding a screwdriver and studying it intently. Without skipping a beat, places a hand over Cas’ and firmly removes the screwdriver. They got out of there pretty quickly after that because Mark Heller was starting to give them some pretty weird looks, especially after Cas tried to resonate the door or something with a damn screwdriver.
Finally, it’s over. Still soapy, blinking water out of his eyes, Dean is lifted – lifted! – out of the shower and wrapped in towels and vigorously rubbed dry. He is hauled back to the bedroom and briskly dressed in fresh pyjamas and stuck back in bed, under a mountain of blankets. When it’s done, Dean grasps the hideous yellow monstrosity to his chest with a slightly stunned look, suspecting he’ll never have another shower quite like that again.
“That I haven’t killed Gabriel yet?” Dean quips without remembering who he’s talking to. But her mouth only twitches again before returning to its straight set line.
“What a surprise, seeing as I have the flu,” Dean says sarcastically. “Look, I’ll be ok. I just need a cold towel or something.” Cas nods and hurries out of the bedroom, towards the bathroom. He soaks a washcloth in cold water, folds in up and returns to Dean, pulling several layers off his lover and placing the cold press against his forehead.
“Cas, if you keep talking, I may have to withhold sex and believe me, that’s gonna hurt me just as much as it will you.”
Cas doesn’t quite get that sleep is not only a necessity, Dean quite enjoys it. Just because there’s an apocalypse in the works doesn’t mean that Dean can’t lie in every once in a while. Last time he checked Michael and Lucifer needed their meat suits and besides, a tired hunter is as good as a dead one. Actually, a tired hunter nearly always ends up a dead one anyway.
? He'd ask, but then their teacher announces it's time to put their trays up and get in their respective lines.
Sure enough, when Cas arrives at their hill, Raphael is flying down the hill so fast his sled isn't even touching the ground, screaming at the top of his lungs. As soon as he reaches the bottom he goes flying off his sled and crashes into a snow bank. Then he stands, putting his fist in the air.
"Why is it broken then?" John asks, taking bike from Dean to assess the damage. When Dean doesn't answer the question immediately, he asks again.
Dean's not expecting his father to begin chuckling, but that's exactly what he happens. "I guess that explains the piggy bank,” pointing to the object in Dean's hand. “Did you take that from her?”
like her? He doesn't know how he feels about that. Okay, he knows exactly how he feels about that, and it's not good.
“I wish Casafras was here,” Gabriel will say in an extremely over dramatic tone and Michael and Raphael will agree, cold tears streaming down their faces at not having her there.
Cas' eyes grow big and Dean thinks they might actually pop out. “I love bologna. Does he use miracle whip or mayo?”
The school year goes on and Victor and Dean make up, just like they always do and things are good, for the most part, Cas continues to wear those stupid clothes and invade his thoughts.
“Hey, guys,” Dean's other friend, Chuck says as he puts down his tray containing that day's selection of cheese pizza. “Oh, Hi, Castiel,” he squeaks. “I'm sorry I couldn't come to your party, I had to go to go visit my gramma in the nursing home.”
After school, Dean walks into the kitchen just in time to hear Sam whining to their mom, pulling on her shirt as she cooks dinner.
“Hello,” Dean says politely trying to look anywhere but at Castiel, who's staring at him like she's trying to read his mind, and the short boy who keeps popping caramels into his mouth, seeming to take great pleasure in Dean's discomfort. The black boy is also there, lingering and watching with a masked expression. He's not even close to double digits yet and he's already a dead man.
They're not perfect by any means- Castiel's hitting sucks and Michael's catching is a little iffy and Gabriel can't really throw worth a damn, but when it comes to the things they are good at, well they're down right otherworldly.
"What he hell?" he yells, pushing her off into a pile of leaves beneath the tree so he can assess the damage.
As soon as she drops to the ground, Cas stills, sure that Missouri is going to open the door and shout at Cas to come inside. She counts to five and then takes off running.
By some miracle, the bus arrives at that moment and the bully isn's able to respond. This can only be a good thing since he's the kind of bully who responds with his fists for lack of anything to say.
Gabriel's already coming down when she and Raphael start walking up the hill. Just as she fantasized, the snow gets into her boots and gloves, chilling her fingers and toes but she doesn't care because soon she's standing on the top of the world.
“Hello, Castiel,” John grins back, “We were just watching television, would you care to join us while we wait for Dean to finish?”
After the cake, it's time to open presents. Cas is ever diligent about opening her presents. She doesn't waste time making sure the wrapping paper is taken off neatly, but she doesn't rip into it either. She reads the cards, money quickly going into her piggy bank beside her. Actual presents are piled beside her carelessly until Raphael starts organizing them.
She beams, making his stomach flutter slightly. Her eyes close and her lips stick out like a fish which makes her look kind of silly but instead of laughing, Dean starts to lean down to just get it over with.
“I thought you said I wouldn't be a man until I learned how to drive,” Dean frowns. “Or got married.” It changes every week. “Or have kids.”
Castiel doesn't make any mention of tea when they get to Dean's house. Instead they play Ghostbusters and search for Ectoplasm and Dean quickly learns that Castiel makes an excellent Egon to his Dr. Peter Venkman. It's weird having a girl in the group, but she somehow manages to fit.
“You still not gonna talk to me?” Dean asks Castiel. “That's cool. I don't want to talk to you either.”
They stand, both waiting for the other to actually do something. Finally, Castiel huffs indignantly.
“I don't understand why we have to sing a song about a stupid drummer boy anyway. There were no drummers at the birth of Jesus.”
He hears the front door open and instantly tenses. He's not afraid of his dad, not at all, it's just the last thing he wants is for his dad to be disappointed in him. Dean hears his mother's voice, muffled by the door and the stairs, but Dean knows she's telling him. He expects John to come up and start yelling, but instead he waits. And waits, and waits. In the meantime Dean gets bored and does his homework, and after that's done, he starts doodling in his notebook. Drawing is just something he kind of does whenever he's bored or anxious. He likes doing it, likes creating characters from his imagination. He becomes engrossed with his current drawing of a man who looks suspiciously like his dad killing a werewolf when his door opens and John steps in.
After thirty minutes of this back and forth, they end up doing homework, after which she kisses him while she pushes him out the door before her parents come home.
Once again, Castiel's expression is pensive. He doesn't hear what Balthazar says to Castiel, but it makes her smile and reach up to play with her hair. Being one himself, Dean knows a flirt when he sees it. When Cas removes her hoodie to reveal she's wearing a black tank top.
“Oh hey!” Michael claps his hands, “Open my present next,” he trades her his wrapped box for the Superman movie, hands it to Gabriel who hands it to Raphael who hides it out of sight while Cas opens her gift. It's a Scarecrow action figure and judging by the way she jumps up and throws her arms around Michael's waist, she loves it. Then she sits back down finishes opening up the rest of her presents.
"What about my bike?" Dean asks worriedly looking at his favorite object in the universe as his dad gets into the car.
Awhile later they were sitting on the sofa, watching the Turtles fight Shredder's horde when Castiel pecks him on the cheek. Once again, the flutters in Dean's stomach appear, this time not going away as she cheers the Turtles on.
“Well then in that case, you need to figure out what it was that caused the rift. Although, sometimes, people just grow apart. There's nothing wrong with that,” Mary assures him. But when Dean thinks about it, he realizes he doesn't want to grow apart from Cas. The thought of waking up one morning and not seeing or speaking to her makes Dean's stomach tighten. As it is, the only times he's actually happy anymore are when they're talking in home room or messing around on the comic with Chuck or when he's building stupid toys for Sam to mess around with.
“Nothing, babe,” Meg winks at Cas who just rolls her eyes and looks back at what she was doing. Meg starts talking to another classmate and all the other kids keep trickling into the classroom. Dean though,
“Not much,” Dean admits, “Built an awesome snow family, but all's left is their heads. You want a ring pop?”
If anyone asks, Dean's very quick to say Victor's his best friend, but fact of the matter is when all is said and done, beside his family, there's no one more important to him than Castiel and that scares the crap out of him. He's nine now and nine year old boys shouldn't have these warm fuzzy feelings for a girl. He shouldn't want to be around her all the time and he shouldn't be sad when she has to go home and he especially shouldn't be thinking she's kind of pretty with her curly pig tails and her big blue eyes. So he pushes his feelings down, pretends they don't exist. Only it doesn't work out because despite all her quirks, Cas has somehow gotten under his skin.
Cas frowns, picking up her bat and goes to the home plate. Their pitcher Richie takes a few steps closer to Cas and Dean, standing at first base, can see the way her fingers squeeze the bat too hard and her eyebrows furrow.
Dean growls. The character is based on him, for crying out loud. Just because he thinks Marky Mark is attractive doesn't mean he's gay.
Dean snorts. “Please, it's a walking, talking, cat wearing a hat. That's no ordinary cat, Cas! It's probably a werecat!” Dean watches a lot of old movies with his dad, so he knows about these things
“No thank you,” she says, shooting a glare in Dean's direction. He struggles not to glare back, just because his dad is there. As it is, John's eyes narrow anyway and then he turns away to cough.
Their games never end until Castiel gets pissed at Michael for something he does and starts yelling in his face. It's comical, watching Castiel yell into the giant's face, hands and hair flying around, completely livid. She's covered in dirt and sweat and her skin is glowing and
She imagines her brothers trekking up the hill with their sleds, the snow getting into their boots but not caring because they've put on four pairs of socks each. Eventually, they'll get to the top of the hill and will take the time to look around, to enjoy the moment. Gabriel will try to catch a snowflake with his tongue while Michael and Raphael make snowballs. Then Michael and Raphael will pelt Gabriel but it'll be okay, because he's the master of snowball fights. The three will run around the top of the hill, throwing snowballs at each other, laughing.
They trudge out to the field and get into teams. Being the most popular boy, Victor gets first pick of his team. Naturally he picks Dean first and because he wants to go along with the status quo as much as Dean does, he doesn't pick Cas. She's picked second to last, just before Ronald Reznick.
“Missouri is going to ground you into the next century,” Michael informs Castiel, but he's putting her on his sled while he says it, so she can tell he's not mad.
The last girl's birthday party Dean went to was Lilith White's and she'd thrown a tantrum about not getting the right colored pony, but there's something about Castiel that makes him think this one will be different, so he says yes.
“Yes,” Castiel flips the page, “My brothers and I, are orphans and Missouri took us in when I was a baby.”
Dean recalls the lecture his parents gave him, remembering it to be pretty technical. “I don't think you left anything out, dad,” Unless his dad wanted to talk about
“You'd think they'd stop letting you in,” Dean says, taking out the supplies his mom bought him the night before. Dean frowns; of course the pencils are unsharpened.
Dean meets her by the bike racks after school that day. While he waits for her to unchain her bike, Victor calls his name, gesturing to come to the bus. Dean shakes head and Victor looks back and forth at him and Cas before shrugging. They walk together, not speaking until they get to the park. She chains her bike up again and then leads Dean through the woods to a mossy log that overlooks a small stream.
Briefly, Cas looks in her mirror and wonders if she has enough hair to climb down with. Only problem with her plan though is her hair doesn't grow down so much as it grows out and up in giant frizzy curls. One thing't for sure, Cas isn't staying locked away like some fairy tale princess. Cas is a Paradis and they are warriors. At least, that's what Michael says and he's usually right.
While John drinks his beer, Dean drinks hot cocoa out of a thermos and think of beaches, which leads to thoughts of girls in bikinis, which leads, unfortunately, to thoughts of
Dean sighs and sits down in the seat is Dad usually sits in. Mary doesn't sit, but leans against the counter. “Tell me what's wrong.”
“And I told you, you're too young to see an R rated movie,” Mary replies, side stepping Sam easily to go to the fridge. “Dean, set the table. It's just us three tonight.”
Sam's been moping ever since Cas stopped coming over to their house. The minute he learned she'd be coming over again he got all excited. “You know,” Dean calls after her, “Sam uh, kind of misses you so if you want to stop by sometime and see Sammy, you can, I guess.”
John shakes his head, “I feel sorry for you, I really do. Most people go their whole lives looking for the one and you found yours when you were eight and now you're pushin' her away."
“All the more reason,” Castiel assures Chuck, “Think about it, David is lost, alone, he needs guidance and the only people he can connect to are men. Make the angel a man.”
“Um, what about that Balthazar guy?” The question spews from Dean's mouth before he can even stop it. He hasn't been thinking about them,
"How was school today, Dean?" Mary asks while Dean stabs at his peas with his fork. He doesn't remember anything other than her.
“This must suck for you,” Chuck muses that afternoon while they're hanging out in Dean's room, working on their comic. Dean glances up from where he's drawing Cas' eyes, hoping that Chuck isn't going into one of his depression mood again.
“Let's go to the park,” Raphael suggests, grabbing a catcher's mitt off the arm chair and catching the woman's eyes for permission. She gives him a sharp nod but gives Castiel a warning look.
“Don't kiss her,” Duanne warns, “You'll get cooties!” He takes Dean's hand and starts drawing two overlapping circles with his finger nails, all the while saying the magic words, “Circle, circle, dot dot now you have your cootie shot.” Dean sighs, relieved. He's safe now from girl germs.
“When you tried to get him to eat grilled chicken, were you wearing the face of a handsome young doctor with ocean-blue eyes?” Benny asks Sam, a faux inquisitive look on his face.
Sam, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, and even his Dad were at Wrigley Field to cheer him on. The home run ball, still streaked with mud, was kept on Ellen’s mantle.
Plus, unlike his teammates, Dean doesn’t have to say goodbye to his significant other for the duration of the trip. He and Cas don’t really spend much time together at work—Cas is busy with his whole “being the team doctor” thing, and Dean is busy with his whole “playing baseball” thing—but they’ve developed a nice routine of dinners together when there’s a day game and falling exhaustedly into bed at one of their houses after a night game.
“You’re way too much of a softie to allow a sibling to be locked in a cage, Cas,” Dean says, still grinning.
“Dude, she totally let Kit have the win. No way a seasoned catcher like Dottie would’ve let go of the ball unintentionally.”
They still have three more games in Oakland before they head back down to LA, and Dean should probably be preparing for tomorrow’s matchup with Ash. But he just needs a quick break, and then he’ll deal with all the shit that needs doing.
“But I’m not assuming anything! You just told me you were going on a date with him on Wednesday! And you’ve been talking about him nonstop for the past three weeks. You clearly have a crush on the man.” He pulls out his phone and opens the messaging app.
“I signed it earlier, Dean. I assure you that I looked through the whole thing and it’s no more than both of us waiving our right to sue the organization, making a statement that we’re of sound mind, and are aware of the ethical implications of entering into a romantic relationship.” Cas passes Dean a heavy fountain pen.
“Yes, but it’s taken years for us to mend our relationship. By the time I was in high school Gabriel had moved out. He basically disappeared for a decade before resurfacing as a baseball scout. He actually changed his name for a while to avoid being granted favors on account of our father.”
Dean complies, nipping and licking at Cas’ stomach and chest as he works his way upwards. Cas pulls him into a deep kiss and wraps his legs around Dean’s hips, giving Dean the opportunity to press their groins together and rut against him for a few moments.
of his belongings to his house, but he holds back. It’s been an intense day, and he doesn’t want Cas to think that he’s asking just ‘cause he’s riding an emotional tidal wave.
“We don’t have to do this, you know. There’s no rule that says that just because we’re two men you have to bottom.”
Cas sighs into the kiss and shifts his hips forward. Dean lets his instincts guide him and he reaches into Cas’ pants, leaning on his (extensive) experience with his own dick to inform his technique. After a few moments he leans back slightly to observe Cas’ reactions; to make sure that Cas is as into this as he thinks he is. “Do you have any lube or anything?” Dean asks, knowing that this would feel better with something slick.
“Yes!” Dean practically shouts. He clears his throat and tries again. “I mean, yes, that’s something I’d definitely be interested in. I didn’t bring it up ‘cause I know not every dude is into it and I didn’t want to pressure you, or anything.”
There’s an embedded video below this, taken from Dean’s kitchen the night before. There’s no audio but the video is clear. He and Cas are holding each other, their foreheads pressed together and Cas is saying something that makes Dean kiss him and break out into a huge smile. Dean realizes that it’s the moment Cas told him he loved him.
A week later, the Angels are about to leave for their first road trip, opening with a series in Texas against the Rangers before they go to Seattle, then finish with a weekend in Oakland. They’ll be away from Anaheim for almost two weeks, and most of the guys are less than enthusiastic about the long stretches in hotels. Dean doesn’t mind; he and Sam spent so much of their childhoods shuffling from place to place that it doesn’t really faze him to live out of a suitcase. Especially not the way the team travels, with private planes and four-star hotels.
And maybe it’s this. This quiet, mundane act of being in bed with the person he loves, that’s allowing Dean to comprehend this situation with a clarity he definitely wouldn’t have been capable of a year ago.
Dean grunts in acknowledgement. It takes all of his willpower to drag his thoughts away from visualizing beating Rocker’s skinny ass into the ground and back onto the field.
Gabriel, Bobby, and the security team do an amazing job of keeping the press at bay before the game begins later that afternoon. The field is usually populated with local and national journalists, but today they’re conspicuously absent during batting practice and Dean is careful to come out of the dugout only when Ash is ready to begin his pregame warmup. The press know better than to interrupt that.
Dean tosses Cas’ phone on the bed, pointedly not reading any of the comments posted about the article, and puts his head in his hands. His thoughts are racing and he feels like he can’t breathe, taking weird, gulping breaths that make him dizzy.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean.” His voice gets softer, barely above a whisper. “What if talking to Bobby jinxes this?”
He quickly strips the rest of his gear off, wraps a towel around his waist, and starts to rifle through his cubby to find his shower kit. He startles when he hears a soft, “Hello, Dean,” from behind him, banging his head on the top of the cubby.
“That was Gabriel. The team has a statement ready, condemning Crowley Media for their violation of privacy and making a blanket statement about supporting all of their players regardless of sexual orientation. He’s going to send it over for us to read before they put it out in a few hours.”
that. We are definitely doing it again. Like, all the time. As soon as the season is over, I’m gonna keep myself lubed up and ready to go at all hours of the day because, holy fuck, I want your dick in me 24/7.”
“Just ‘cause my diet doesn’t consist of only chia seeds and kale doesn’t mean I’m not healthy, you rabbit-ass bitch.”
Sam turns and shakes his head at Dean, his lips pursed like he’s trying not to laugh. He rubs his nose with his middle fingers and then taps his bat against his cleats, readying himself to take the first pitch.
“I’m happy to be currently sharing a bed with you, and would gladly spend every night of this road trip together.”
They both feel Dean’s phone start to vibrate from inside his pocket. “Should I ignore it?” he asks Cas.
“Yes, I know that,” Cas replies calmly, “and you know that, but we’ve both had experiences that led us to be more cautious with who to trust. You have to let Sam make his own mistakes.”
Actual pre-season games start the next week, and Dean is suddenly thrust back into a rhythm that he’s familiar with. The controlled nature of his days gives him comfort and helps to calm the ever-present anxiety of getting ready for the new season. As a catcher, it’s part of his job to keep his eyes on his pitching staff and help to support the routine that Rufus has instituted, and he loves it. He sets his alarm every night knowing that the next day he gets to wake up to go play baseball, and he gets friggin’ paid to do it.
Dean takes the opportunity to jog back to the clubhouse—skillfully sidestepping a lunging ESPN reporter when she notices him—and looks for Cas. He finds him in Bobby’s office, where Cas is pointing to something on an x-ray and looking serious.
“You wound me,” Dean responds, putting one hand to his chest as if clutching at his heart. Before he can think about it, he throws a wink at Cas, letting his flirtatious nature take the lead. “But I know I’m your favorite. You never stretch the other boys like you stretch me, doc.”
It takes the Cardinals the full seven games to take down the Dodgers in the NLCS, so Dean and the rest of the team have almost a full week between their win against the Yankees and the beginning of the World Series. The victory at the All Star Game gives the AL team home field advantage, so ten days after Dean got concussed, he’s taking warm-up pitches at Angels Stadium from Sam in preparation for game one of the friggin’ World Series.
He’s still in a good mood half an hour later when Dr. Moseley enters the hospital room he’d been set up in. A nurse had given him a flimsy cotton gown to replace the uniform he’d been brought in wearing, and he’s stretched out on the bed, futzing with the strings while listening to Cas read him the play-by-play of the game.
“No, uh, like, to join us.” Sam looks at the floor, shifting around like a little kid who knows he’s about to be punished.
Caleb doesn’t say anything, but regards Dean thoughtfully. Sam joins his brother on the ground and adds, “and I’m this guy’s brother, Sam. I work with your dad, too. Is that a giraffe?”
Dean hears Joe clear his throat before he launches into his next question. “Speaking of family and friends, it looks like you’ve been joined on the field by your boyfriend, Angels team doctor Castiel Shurley.”
Dean can feel sweat accumulating on his back and shoulders and he tries to concentrate on that feeling in an attempt to take his mind off of the base need to thrust. Cas’ body feels hot and almost unbearably tight, but not entirely dissimilar to what he’s experienced with women. The fact that this is Cas, though, elevates the experience to something Dean’s definitely never felt before during sex. Something more intimate and closer to a physical manifestation of love than he’s comfortable admitting to himself.
Sam manages to get through the next two innings. He gives up another run, but doesn’t walk anyone and strikes out three batters. Dean is satisfied that Sam’s actually thinking about the pitches he’s going to throw, and his annoyance with his brother fades to the background as he and the rest of the offense do their best to make up for the four-run deficit they face.
Cas pushes forwards again and Dean lets his head fall between his shoulders. He feels an unfamiliar pressure, an ache at the base of his spine that he’s struggling to describe to himself. It doesn’t hurt, not really, but it’s definitely not as immediately awesome as Cas’ fingers usually feel in his ass.
“He’s just showing off that he’s dating a doctor,” Benny interjects. “Hey, Caleb! Come say hi, bud!”
Dean winks. “OK fine, never a Boy Scout. But you’d never guess it if you’d seen my knot-making skills.”
“OK, great! So we’ll start from scratch. Dean, I know you have a pretty low-key social media presence. The last thing you tweeted was something about Sam’s no hitter, and that was three days ago. And you haven’t posted to Instagram in...let’s see... almost four weeks, and it was a picture of some of that pink crap the MLB puts out in May to pretend it cares about women.” Charlie looks up from her computer and points at Cas. “Now, you, I can’t find on any social media platforms, besides LinkedIn.”
Ash winds up and unleashes his pitch, a waist-high fastball so far inside that he beans Rocker just below his hip, in the meat of his upper thigh. Hard enough to hurt like a bitch, but no lasting damage beyond a big-ass bruise.
Lisa had tried to have a label-defining conversation with Dean after they’d been casually (or so he thought) sleeping together for about six months, and that had been the beginning of the end of them. Lisa’s desire to move their relationship forward had freaked Dean out and caused him to feel like he had to make decisions he wasn’t ready to make about where he saw their relationship going. She had said things about wanting to introduce him as her boyfriend to her family, about the possibility of moving in together and whether or not he ever wanted kids. And Dean had completely shut down. He remembers feeling claustrophobic and panicked, and he acted like a total asshole. He pulled away from her without really explaining why, and ended up truly hurting her. She (rightly) accused him of acting like a child, of not even having the decency to just be honest with her about where he was emotionally.
“Nearly constantly,” Cas replies. “But I think you should text a few people if you’re not up to calling them. Benny, Jo, and Bobby have all been calling and texting me to make sure you’re OK, but I think they need to hear it from you. And add Ellen to that list—she doesn’t have my phone number but Jo made it clear that I’m to give you the message that she’s waiting to hear from you as well.”
“Most likely. He’s a shrewd businessman.” Cas considers this for a moment before continuing. “That’s not to say he doesn’t genuinely support the LGBTQ+ community, but I’m sure he saw the opportunity to be more inclusive and attract more fans to the park. He’s been advocating for some sort of rainbow uniform, a la the camouflage uniform for Memorial Day, lately, too.”
[photo: selfie of a smiling blond boy in a baseball hat being kissed on the cheek by a redheaded boy with freckles]
Cas sighs. “I don’t, do I?” He’s not smiling now, but he locks his gaze with Dean’s again for a brief moment before ducking his head and leaving the room.
“I see this whole experience hasn’t made you any funnier,” Bobby retorts. “Now, unless you tell me any different, you’re startin’ tomorrow.”
“I think you’re overestimating my desire to get out of this position,” Cas says, pitching his normally low voice even lower. He licks his bottom lip slowly, wetting it with his tongue.
To Cas (11:16 pm): lol shut up u know what i mean. and maybe u should just always be where u feel at home (aka my bed)
“Jesus Christ! Are you a fucking ninja?” Dean yells, turning to look for the source of the voice. He’s met with the calm, yet jarringly intense stare of the clearest blue eyes he’s ever seen.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He lays down next to Dean and sighs heavily. “I can’t believe this happened.”
He removes the headset, handing it back to the camera crew before turning to grab his bat and helmet.
Dean tries to savor every single second—to will time to slow down—as he struggles to commit every moment to memory:  the boom of the fireworks and the butterflies floating around in his stomach while the anthem plays, his brother on the mound, staring down every Cardinals batter with a determined glint in his eye, and the look of pride on Cas’ face when Dean hits a two-run homer to straight-away center and glances into the dugout as he’s rounding the bases.
Dean is squinting at this last photo. “Huh, guess I wasn’t too good at hiding how much I’m into you.”
Cas chuckles and presses a kiss on Dean’s shoulder. “I also thoroughly enjoyed myself, despite your best efforts to make me orgasm before we even got started.”
It’s a few minutes before three as Dean walks through the corridors of the stadium towards the training rooms, running his hands through his still-wet hair in an attempt to flatten it. Today’s workout had been intense but had felt good, though he could use some more ice for his throbbing shoulder. He’s got to admit, he’s intrigued to finally meet this superstar doctor that Sam can’t shut up about.
“I have to meet with some of the PTs for lunch, unfortunately, so I have to run. Benny, it was wonderful to meet you. I hope I don’t see you later to treat Dean-inflicted wounds.” Cas’ eyes do the “I’m looking straight into your soul” thing at Dean for a few seconds before he walks swiftly away.
Cas rides with him in the ambulance to the hospital and asks the EMTs to turn the radio broadcast of the game on.
“Brother, take a breath and enjoy the victory!” Benny says, clapping him on the shoulder. “I can see the cogs turning in your head. We don’t even know who we’ll face in the first round, and we’ve gotta win that one before we start thinking about the ALCS!”
Dean could hear the eye roll over the phone. “Oh, ha-fucking-ha, asshole. Your batting average is still under .300 against me.”
“But my carbon footprint is super reduced since you made me start composting!” he defends. “And I haven’t been ordering random shit from Amazon.
He has 57 missed calls, 41 voicemails, 129 text messages, and 246 new emails. As he’s looking at the screen, he gets an incoming call from Sam, which he ignores. A surge of anger flows through him. Of course it was fucking Ruby that outed him! Dean knew not to trust her, and yet here he is, getting completely fucked over because his idiot brother wouldn’t listen to him.
“I know that we need to have a larger discussion about this, and that it needs to happen soon. I can tell how annoyed and upset it makes you to pretend that we’re just friends to most of the world. And honestly, it fucking pisses me off, too, and it’s my own rule. I want everyone to see what a hot, smart, amazing boyfriend I have. But just for right now, until we have those bigger talks about this stuff, I need you to know how incredibly fucking happy you make me.” He takes a deep breath, and, as most of the big moments in his life seem to happen, he just goes for it.
“But Dean, you are so much more than this one game,” he continues. “Or even this World Series title. This season, you’ve made history with your courage in coming out and living authentically. You’re a leader to your teammates, you’re an incredible brother, and you’re a caring surrogate son to Ellen and Bobby. You’re the love of my life and you encourage me to be a better man just by virtue of being you. And all those things will continue to be true whether you win or lose. Your job doesn’t define you.” Cas leans his forehead against Dean’s. “Even if it is a really amazing job.”
The three of them turn around to see Jo, Bobby, and Ellen standing at the open patio doors. Jo looks delighted, Bobby rolls his eyes, and Ellen is frowning at Dean.
he was flirting with Dean. Maybe he wants to date Dean, because Cas is a gay man who dates other men.
“Shit, I’m so glad you are! Cas, I am so, so sorry for what I said. I know you would never want our private life in the press.”
“You listen to me, Winchester,” he says carefully, leaning over Dean so that he’s looking directly into his eyes. “I am the team doctor and you
“You’re right that you’ve never steered me wrong,” Sam admits. “But I really thought I wasn’t doing anything that was going to harm anyone but me. If she turned out to be shady and you were right about her, I thought that the worst thing that could happen would be me having my heart broken.”
Muncy leads off and causes a hush to fall over the stadium when he gets a hold of a changeup that doesn’t quite change over the plate. The ball goes flying in a perfect arc towards dead center, but Mike barely has to move to make the catch.
“And last night, when you told me you loved me,” Dean continues, powering through despite his instincts shouting at him to shove all these feelings back down inside. “It was one of the best nights of my life. Because I never, in a million years, thought that I’d ever be lucky enough to have someone who’s so smart, and funny, and patient, and gorgeous, love me. I never thought I deserved it. But, maybe I do, because you see something in me worth loving and I refuse to let you go without fighting for you.”
“Think about what you want. If you want to date Cas, let yourself go for it. Put yourself first for once in your damn life. Please. I’m
He finally turns towards Sam and takes in his haggard appearance. He’s got bags underneath his eyes and his normally perfectly coiffed hair looks tangled and dull. “Wow, you look like shit.” Dean says, feeling a bit smug.
“So, uh, another Shurley, huh? You’re related to Gabriel? And Chuck?” In addition to being the president of baseball operations for the Angels, Gabriel Shurley was the son of one of the all-time-great baseball players, shortstop Chuck Shurley. Chuck had won Rookie of the Year, led the Yankees to back-to-back World Series titles, and was a five-time MVP. He was the youngest player to 500 home runs in history and was a shoe-in for the Hall of Fame by the time he was midway through his career. He’d suddenly retired, though, and immediately disappeared from the public eye. He hadn’t even shown up to his induction into Cooperstown, sending his son Michael to make a speech in his stead. His sons have taken various positions within Major League Baseball, but none of them have played.
“I’ve been working with Jo Harvelle for the past few months—she’s a PT in LA and an old friend—and we’ve been focused on strengthening and stretching and whatever. The pain’s been minimal, though, so I’m not too worried about it.”
“Should we put money on this? Is this Baseball Psychic Cas talking?” Dean leans over to bump his shoulder against Cas’ and stays pressed up against his side.
“Looks like we’ll get our wish!” Dean shouts at Benny while they’re in the clubhouse celebrating their victory. The TVs scattered around the room are all turned to the other ALDS series, and the Yankees, winners of the AL East, are creaming the Chicago White Sox, who won the AL Central.
“Please let me know if you have any questions!” Cas calls after him. “No need to be embarrassed if you need help!”
As he walks off the mound, the crowd rises to give him a standing ovation, which he recognizes with a slight wave.
He nods. “I know we haven’t talked about penetrative sex yet, but I do enjoy it quite a bit. Of course, if you’re not comfortable with that we can find alternatives.”
“Thanks, man,” Dean replies, letting his finger brush against the inside of Cas’ wrist as he takes the mask from him.
Cas lets out a humorless chuckle. “Right, great. Perfect. We’ll just rely on your already-injured body to stay in stasis for the next seven months. While you’re actively playing.”
“It’s great having Sammy around, honest,” Dean smiles. “The guys started calling him ‘Winny the Two,’ and he
“Nothing important,” Cas says dismissively. “I was explaining to Sam that Judge is going to injure himself if he keeps swinging like he’s using a sledgehammer to bat.”
Benny opens his mouth to reply, but Sam comes rushing back into the kitchen. “OK, dude, I know you’re gonna be pissed, but Ruby is about to get here.”
a note about Dean's statement on not wanting to be a trailblazing openly queer baseball player: there
Cas nods and reaches into his kit, quickly and efficiently disinfecting the area and placing a bandage over it.
“You sure will, Samantha.” Dean salutes him and tosses his rag onto the rolling tool chest next to the car.
The past three times that he’d been selected for the American League All Star Team, Dean had spent the Home Run Derby—a bragging-rights contest that took place the night before the main event, in which a select few players from both leagues tried to hit as many home runs as possible—watching his colleagues enjoy the festivities surrounded by their spouses and families. Kids ran around the infield before the start of the home-run hitting contest playing catch with their dads while their wives laughed and took pictures; girlfriends milled around chatting with each other, wearing jerseys with their boyfriends’ names emblazoned on them. Any longing or envy he’d felt at the time had been firmly pushed away and ignored—Dean had been, as ever, a master of compartmentalization. But now, the idea of Cas taking part in the weekend as his on-field guest sent those goddamn butterflies twisting in his gut again.
“It took a really long time for me to see that I am enough. That my father’s absence, while painful, doesn’t define who I am and has nothing to do with my worthiness to be loved.”
“I was hoping he’d call for a low slider,” Cas says to Dean after he’s deposited his batting helmet and comes to lean on the railing next to him. “I knew you’d get a hold of it.”
The other man just keeps staring into his eyes, head tilted slightly to the right as if he’s trying to glean information from Dean’s irises alone.
He tries to clear his head and focus. Ash is staring down the batter, Mike, from the mound, waiting to see what pitch Dean calls for. Dean shifts his weight and makes his right hand into a fist, extends his pointer finger down first, then adds his middle finger, and twitches both to the left.
Dean goes back to the dugout to grab his mask, which he finds waiting for him in Cas’ outstretched hand. “Good luck today,” he says, his face impassive but his eyes boring into Dean’s, emparting heartfelt emotion.
Cas’ tentative smile gives way to a full, wide grin. “Now I’m going to go concentrate on...anything other than you wearing only a towel.” He lets just eyes trail down Dean’s chest once before he shakes his head and gets to his feet. “I’ll see you at 3?”
Dean finished his freshman year with the second-highest batting average on the team and an invitation to play over the summer with a traveling league. He wouldn’t leave Sam, though, so he just continued to practice with his brother in the high school’s empty fields, teaching him to perfect his windup and how to psych out a batter. His brother had a natural talent for pitching, and between Bobby’s coaching and Dean’s own input, Sammy was getting written about in the local papers when he was just thirteen, having thrown the first no-hitter in the city’s little league history.
Sam looks up from where he’s reading on the sofa, his eyebrows making their best effort at disappearing into his hairline. “Uh, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a broom or a vacuum in here… I’m pretty sure the cleaning service brings all that stuff with them.”
@JGregg21(6/11/20 10:04 am): I guess if @TheRealDWinny can do it, so can I. I’m Jack, I play first base for Central Valley High and this is my boyfriend. We’ve been together for a year and I’m done hiding it. Luv u @connor_beale03 #queerbaseballplayers
“Damn. Old money on that side, huh? I mean, obviously your dad is worth a ton… that’s common knowledge. But just how loaded are you?”
Dean opens his mouth to respond but closes it again. The point is that Sam should’ve fucking listened to him! But, yes,
Dean’s stomach drops and he realizes he’d forgotten, for however short an amount of time, that his brother had completely fucked him over and he was really angry at the little shit.
of this,” he sweeps his hand around, gesturing to the still-full stadium. “You should be proud of what you’ve both accomplished here.”
Saturday had dawned bright and sunny after the storms that had battered Orange County the day before, and Dean’s disposition matches the cheery weather. He’s had three days without baseball and he’s ready to get back to the field; to get back to his routine and to where he feels in control and at home.
“You got something to say to me? Say it to my fuckin’ face,” Dean glares at Walker. From the corner of his eye, he sees Sam take a step forward.
He’s vaguely aware that there’s sweat and lube dripping down the backs of his legs and that his arms are aching. But his orgasm is building hard and fast and is being spurred on by the breathy grunts coming from Cas and his continued praise of Dean’s ass.
Cas takes Dean’s hand and threads their fingers together. “Again, I’m sorry that you had to hear hateful words directed at you from your father. No one should have to endure that. But your strength and resilience is amazing to watch, Dean. And if it turns out you’re in shock and in an hour you need to scream and cry, I’ll be here, right next to you, on that plane.”
It makes something warm and happy unfurl in his chest, and Dean begins adjusting the straps on his chest protector so that he has an excuse to duck his head down and hide his huge smile.
For game three, they head to New York. There are certain stadiums where having home field doesn’t present much of an advantage, but Yankee Stadium is
Cas puts his hands on Dean’s shoulder and back. “Breathe, Dean. You have to breathe. Come on, count with me. Inhale...two...three...four…”
“And it didn’t cross your mind that maybe I was trying to stop you from getting your damn heart broken? I wasn’t concerned about this specific outcome, Sam. I had no premonition that she might take a secret video of me and my boyfriend and then sell it to the media. I was concerned that she was going to use you up and spit you out. That you were gonna get hurt!”
“Oh, I’m sure Cas would have no problem with Dean’s hips becoming more flexible,” Jo quips. Sam lets out a bark of laughter and Cas coughs on the drink of water he’s just taken.
Dean freezes when he hears Sam swear behind him and breaks the kiss. He doesn’t bother to turn around, instead he lets his forehead drop onto Cas’ shoulder. “Son of a bitch,” he mutters.
When Dean doesn’t respond, Sam looks over to see what his brother’s doing. “What’s got you grinning like an idiot?”
In case it wasn't clear earlier, a walk-up song is chosen by the player—it's the music that'll accompany him to the plate whenever he has an at-bat. The American League has something called the "designated hitter," which means that pitchers don't have to take an at-bat when they start a game. The National League doesn't have this rule, so whenever an AL team plays at an NL stadium they have to have their pitchers take their turn at the plate. I have *a lot* of feelings about the designated hitter, most of which are negative. Pitchers should HIT it's ridiculous to treat them like little breakable babies. Babe Ruth was one of the best hitters of all time and he was a pitcher! And if you don't know about Shohei Ohtani, GO GOOGLE HIM he is a TREASURE (and also on the Angels).
One of Dean’s favorite things about baseball is how unpredictable it is. You can start a game, or an inning, or even an at bat, one way, and it ends up the complete opposite. You can start a rally with two outs in the 9th inning and go on to win the game; you can run out of pitchers and need your shortstop and right fielder to take the mound; you can take a 1-1 tie into an 18-inning game. Your team can win by ten runs one day and lose by the same margin the next. And, maybe once or twice in a season, all the unknowable, random variables (the weather, starting lineups, the amount of sleep the opposing team’s left fielder did or didn’t get) can come together and something really fucking special can happen.
They lock eyes, and Dean is once again treated to the thrill of Cas’ full force, soul-penetrating gaze.
to his hand, but he didn’t flinch.  Pursing his lips and frowning at his brother, Sam threw the ball with all the force his six-year-old body could muster, but his trajectory was off and the ball bounced onto the hard ground about two feet in front of him.
Dean opens his mouth to reply but Cas puts a finger over his lips, shushing him. “Secondly, you are so, so deserving of love. You’re selfless, and loyal, and caring. But I love you because of all of the things that make up who you are—I don’t just love you when you’re in a good mood or when you hit a home run. So give me the bad stuff, too. I’m not going anywhere, OK?”
Dean smiles. “Nah,” he replies. “I’m great. I could probably go again if you give me, like, half an hour and a gatorade.”
Just then there’s a knock at the door, and Cas opens it to reveal a harried-looking Bobby, still in his full manager’s uniform. Dean had given Cas the go-ahead to send him updates, and let him know he was welcome to join them once the game was over.
. And it clicked for me. That I am completely in love with you. And it was ridiculously early in our relationship, so I just kept it to myself. I didn’t want to overwhelm you with the intensity of my feelings.”
And there it is. The anger rises in Dean like a crescendo and he unleashes, holding nothing back. “Think whatever the hell you want, you drunk asshole. Cause guess what? Your opinion don’t mean
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Dean says, feeling defeated. He’s past the point where he’s going to outright deny being into dudes with Sam. He clearly hasn’t been fooling him.
, her head barely coming up to his chest). Dean sees how happy his brother looks, so tries to tamp down the urge to ask her just what the fuck she’s doing here.
But today he’s in the opposing team’s dugout, along the first base side of the Friendly Confines of Wrigley, and he’s glad to be there. It’s the third inning and Dean is watching the rare sight of Sam taking some practice swings in the on-deck circle. Because they’re playing a National League team in their home stadium, there’s no designated hitter and the pitcher has to take his turn at bat.
Cas groans. “I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: you’re lucky you’re cute.” He turns and shoots Dean an exasperated smile before he disappears into the house.
“Uh, yeah… I mean, of course Dean’s presence influenced my decision, but I’d have signed with this club regardless. It’s a great organization and I’m proud to be playing here.” Sam fidgets with the bright red Angels hat in front of him. He looks uncomfortable and Dean tracks his brother’s gaze as it flicks around the room, his knees bobbing up and down under the conference table where he’s sandwiched between their manager, Bobby, and Gabriel, the president of baseball operations. Sam had been introduced as the new ace of the pitching staff just a few minutes ago, and was now fielding questions from a group of assembled sports writers. The room is hot and crowded and filled with the intermittent clicks and flashes from cameras. Dean is able to blend into the background, free to watch his brother sit at the head of the room and squirm under the scrutiny of the press.
“Awesome!” Sam enthuses, glancing around excitedly. “Isn’t this whole thing just awesome?” He repeats, the lanyard around his neck holding his various on-field clearances swinging wildly.
“Of course I do! But I don’t want to cause any gossip if people see us coming in and out of the same room.”
“These displays of brotherly love sure are heartwarming.” Benny starts to clear up his lunch garbage. “I can’t wait to hear you two bicker on the mound. Mon dieu.”
“Now that I believe. I’m sure you’re an ace when it comes to tying people up.” Cas’ eyes widen in shock. “Tying things up. Not people. I mean, it’s perfectly well and good to tie people up, as long as it’s all safe, sane, and consensual... dear God, why am I still talking?” Cas puts his head in his hands and groans.
It’s quiet in the bedroom and every sound seems magnified: the creak of the bed frame as Dean flops onto his back and pulls Cas over him, Dean’s blissed-out sigh when Cas wraps his palm around his aching cock and strokes firmly, Cas’ small grunt when he leans over Dean to open the drawer on the bedside table.
Sam looks expectantly at his brother, but Dean doesn’t elaborate. “OK, well, you grilled, so I’ll do the dishes.”
“Cas, I want you to meet Benny Lafitte. Benny, this is Dr. Castiel Shurley.” He looks anxiously between the two of them. It seems imperative that the two men like each other, and Dean is suddenly nervous.
Dean swings around, pointing his finger in his brother’s face. “You! You invited Cas here! For dinner! In my home! With me … And you! Us!”
“I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I strongly object to sticking to whatever fluids and germs are residing on this bedspread.”
“Hey, Rami! Turn on whatever you were playing the other day. What’s his name? Bad Rabbit?” Dean hears Victor shout from across the room.
“I wasn’t jerking off!” Dean splutters, indignant. “And this is barely porn. It’s more like a trip down memory lane, or something. I was just seeing if it was the same as I remember it from when I was a kid.” He pulls himself into a sitting position and crosses his arms across his chest.
Cas had taken the news that Ruby was coming with tired resignation; he’d just nodded at Dean and sighed. It made Dean feel like absolute shit that his boyfriend was apparently used to being disappointed by him.
“Do you want to discuss what’s got you so distracted?” Cas takes a step forward and puts his hand out to touch Dean, but apparently thinks better of it and lets his arm drop. “I understand if you don’t, but I’m here to listen to anything you want to share with me.”
“Dude. You pitched seven and one third innings of one-run baseball. We’re up by five. You were friggin’ lights out today.”
“Shut up and get your shit. I’ll drive us to dinner.” He doesn’t say it, but it lifts his mood even more that his friend is so readily accepting of him and Cas. Now all he has to do is actually
“Oh. Hi, Brad,” Claire says before settling back against Dean’s chest. She immediately brings his left hand up to her mouth to gnaw on the silicone wedding band that Dean wears during the season.
“Yeah? I, uh, you know…” Dean clears his throat. “We definitely don't have to bring labels into this if you don’t want to.”
“Listen, kiddo,” Bobby continues, startling Dean out of his train of thought. “I can’t fully understand what you’re going through ‘cause I’ve never been in a situation like this, myself. But I
Sam shakes his head. “I blocked her number, though, so she might’ve been calling. She hasn’t shown up at my house or anything.” He takes a deep breath. “I promise you that I’ll work every day to earn back your trust,” he looks around a bit wildly, as if he’s trying to locate Dean’s lost trust in the training room. “I’ll, uh… I’ll never shake off another pitch again.”
“To each their own,” Ellen mutters, picking up her fork and batting away Jo’s attempt to steal a bite.
“They need sports medicine in Doctors Without Borders?” Dean takes in the other man’s appearance and notes that while he seems disheveled—his white button-down is wrinkled in several places, and his hair looks like he’s spent the better part of the day running his hands through it—he still holds himself with an air of confidence.
And yes, obviously Dean is aware that this isn’t normal bro-time behavior. He knows that the way he seeks Cas’ undivided attention, the way his stomach flutters whenever Cas touches him, the way he feels lighter after an afternoon with him, is maybe a Thing. But it is very much a Thing We Don’t Poke At. And it will stay that way, until Dean can get over the Thing, and then it will no longer even be a Thing he has to consciously ignore. See? Self. Fucking. Aware.
It’s only the fourth inning of Sunday’s game, but Sam’s already given up three runs, four walks, and has a pitch count in the 80’s. If he’d just been having an off day—a shitty start, brought on by any number of mundane reasons—then Dean would be readying a pep-talk, something encouraging to remind Sam of his abilities and how to go about getting out of the inning. Dean is well-practiced in the art of coaxing the best out of his brother’s starts. But today isn’t like that. Sam hasn’t shaken off a single pitch today; he’s been jittery and unfocused and Dean’s patience had flown the coop two walks ago. He knows that Sam is letting their outside issues leak into today’s game and cause this performance, and it’s
! of course I'll marry you!” She throws her thin arms around him in a quick hug. Dean blushes from the top of his head to the bottom of his neck.
Later, Cas is dancing her sugar high off with some of the other girls to Madonna while he and some of the other boys watch horrified on the couch, he takes the chance and asks her. “So you don't like Superman?”
Their team is surprisingly good, once given the chance to play where their skills are best used and not where someone else tells them to. She's right. Ronald is a good pitcher, once he gets over his nerves.
“It was Chuck's idea,” Dean shrugs. He's on hold with her while she answers a call on her other line. “But you're right, he's not a Simon.”
“How about you give me all your candy and I won't slam my fist in your face?” the much taller boy leans into Gabriel's personal space and to anyone else it would be intimidating, but Gabriel just sort of smirks.
Twenty minutes later Dean's sitting on the couch trying to watch TV with his parents when the doorbell rings. He jumps up, rushing to the door.
“You kissed me.” He's torn between wanting to go wash it off and staying where he is and sputtering like a lunatic. He decides to go with the latter.
Cas shrugs, “Sure.” She can finish Zelda later. Michael picks his book back up, “Alright, so this is Mohammad Ali, the greatest boxer of all time. Don't let anyone try to tell you otherwise.”
Sighing, Dean bends down on one knee like he's seen in those romantic movies his mom is always watching. “Will you marry me?” he asks, bored. Then he stands up because being on one knee's painful.
“Ohhh, thanks,” Chuck beams, “Great, uh, so I was thinking about adding a character in the comic I'm doing with Dean? An angel, sent from heaven to help David out.”
The ball goes flying towards Cas and even though it's clearly her ball, her team mates still don't trust her to catch it, so the second and third basemen rush at her at the same time Dean takes off for third. He crashes into her, sending them both to the ground. There's a very audible crack and for a second he thinks it might be him but nothing hurts. Looking down, Castiel's eyes are closed and there are voices asking where the ball is.
He and Andrea do very little but make out on her couch. He lets his hands roam her body and for the most part she's willing to go along with it, but when he tries to go for second base she pushes his hands off and tells him she just wants to kiss. It's okay though, there's still enough pressing and friction to make things really interesting. But then it becomes too interesting and she pushes him off.
"Come on, Dean,” John orders, putting the hood down and gesturing Dean to get inside the car while he puts Dean's bike in the garage.
She just needs to strategize. She can't sneak out the front door as Missouri's currently on the couch watching “Miracle on 34th Street.” She can't leave through the back door either for the same reasons. Going out from the bottom floor's not an option. Acknowledging this, Cas quickly redresses into her snow outfit and opens her window. Cool winter air blasts her face and Cas pulls down her knit hat over her ears, straightens her gloves and nods seriously at the outside world before climbing out the window.
John sighs, “No, there's more,” at least he sounds as distraught as Dean feels. “Eventually, you're going to fall for someone and she's going to make you feel like, well, you already know all about that,
Castiel ignores him for the entire time she's next to him. Dean shrugs it off when she runs to second without even saying hello.
“Tell me what's wrong with her.” Even slurring there's a dangerous edge to John's voice. Dean wonders
“Do you really think Dean's parents would allow spin the bottle?” She queries, casting a steel eyed gaze at Victor's direction, “Or any other games that require the transfer of saliva?”
Dean's pleasantly surprised when, on Valentine's day his desk cubby is filled with gifts from the girls in his class. Well, most of the girls anyway. There's even a giant heart shaped box from Pamela and when he pops in a lemon cream and smiles at her, she winks back. Next to him, Castiel's desk actually has a few boxes of candy and some cards, but they're unopened.
Dean is not the only person at the park watching, a crowd's gathered around, some people are even sitting on the stands. Sam sits next to Dean on the swings.
“Do you want to play house?” Castiel asks. Sam's down for his nap and Dean's mom is on the phone. Victor's grounded and Chuck has a dentist appointment, so it's just them.
“We have to get married first!” She says it the same way his mom does whenever they go out and she remembers she left her curling iron on.
Dean's dad sighs when Dean voices that last thought, his eyes meeting Dean's as he smiles sadly at Dean. "Because from the minute you met her, you've looked at her the same way I look at your mother. Like you have no idea how a person like her can even exist, let alone why she chooses to be with you. I'm not saying you'll be getting married tomorrow, but do yourself a favor Dean, don't push her out of your life," John looks down at the hole and then at his empty beer cooler.
“Shut up!” Dean's surprised when the words don't come from his own mouth, but Cas'. She pulls on Dean's sleeve. “Come on, Dean.”
It's not the end of Dean and Victor's friendship, not by a long shot. They've been friends for too long for this to mess them up, but as it is, once news gets out that Dean and Victor are fighting, the whole grade seems to have something to say and sides are chosen despite how none of them know what the fight is about. Dean really isn't sure himself. It's not about Cas is it? Because Dean's motto has always been bros before hoes, so obviously it
“How could you tell?” It's true Michael can be kind of a grump, but still he's never actively been mad at her. Cas orders Gabriel not to touch her controller and runs to the room he and Raphael share.
“They believe you and I are dating,” Castiel says, not looking up from her textbook, though if Dean has to guess she's probably reading a Batman comic again.
“Dean, Balthazar flirts with everyone ,” Castiel replies, calmly taking the sharpener and Dean's pencils. “I'll do them.”
“Yes,” she says with a distinct nod. “I don't ever plan on being on my back.” Dean's body instantly takes note of this. It can't mean what it sounds like. “I‟m going to become a veterinarian. I've even been volunteering at the animal clinic.”
“What's with your clothes, Clarence? Are you trying to be a sexy librarian?” Meg asks, leering at Castiel.
And that's why he's currently sitting in his bedroom waiting for his dad to come home from the police station. He's got cut lip and a bruised ego, all because some older kid said Cas was weird.
“Hey, I want some!” a kid Castiel doesn's know exclaims and one by one, every other kid at the stop is pleading at Gabriel for candy.
Andrea...but you tried to rush things with her.” She gives him a sideways look, “girls talk in the restrooms, but it's not just girls you try too hard with. You want so badly for everyone to like you that you forget the important things.”
“Hello, Mr. Winchester,” Castiel greets, politely putting her hand out for John to shake. John smiles down at the little girl as he envelopes her hand in his.
. Dean just shrugs and goes to stand next to Cas. Maybe this means she's not mad at him anymore? a guy can hope.
It'll be worth being grounded, Cas decides as soon as Michael kicks the sled and Cas is sent down the hill, clutching the sides of the sled, freezing air slamming into her face. The ride seems to last for an eternity, or maybe time stops, because in that moment, she's happier than any other time she can think of, except for when she's with Dean. Years from now, she'll decide this is what being in love is like.
“No, that's what the card says,” Dean shows her, “It says I'm sorry.” He doesn't recognize the handwriting. Castiel looks at it for the briefest of seconds before shrugging.
Throughout class he finds himself sneaking glances in her direction, noting the little things about her, like how there's a strand of hair that always moves in front of her face and how she listens intently to everything anyone has to say, no matter who's saying it. There are circles under her eyes like she isn't sleeping and her lips look like she's been chewing on them. Dean leans in closer to her, whispering, “Are you okay?”
She straightens herself out and sticks out a tiny hand, there's dirt underneath her fingernails and a scrape on the inside of her wrist but when she speaks it's formal, like she's introducing herself to the Queen. “I am Castiel.”
“Now,” John carries on like Dean hasn't said anything, “I know you've got a few girlfriends, kissing buddies and that's normal for a kid your age. I had a few myself. There was this one, Tricia, oh wow the things she could do with her…” he coughs, “Anyway, next year you'll be going to high school and you'll want more than just kissin,” John takes a swig of his beer, “and I won't tell you what to do, Dean, other than
,” Dean shakes his head, “You weren‟t.” He goes to walk away when he hears Victor calling him, asking if they're going to hang out that afternoon. The thought just doesn't interest him. He'd rather work on the comic with Chuck. “No,” he calls back.
,” Castiel grits her teeth and stomps to her position. Dean watches as she looks up at the building where Gabriel's still watching. She starts making these weird hand gestures and for a minute he wonders if she's lost it, because his mom teaches sign language and that's definitely not sign language, but then he gets it. They're talking in baseball code. Gabriel keeps shaking his head, his hands moving at the speed of light but somehow Castiel understands him and nods, moving closer to the plates.
Dean still has to run around the block two times and he gets grounded for three days which sucks because it means he has to stay home alone after school and he can't go to his friends houses and they can't come over. He also has stay inside at recess and write lines. He doesn't though.
They flip a coin to decide who gets to choose first. Cas calls tails and sure enough, it lands eagle side up on the teacher's hand.
Next to him, Victor laughs as Dean picks up his bat, swinging it a couple times. Victor's hand claps his back, “Hit to Cas.”
Because it's gym class, they have to go outside again, only this time Castiel can't play due to her arm. Dean expects her to read while everyone else plays, but she watches the game with rapt attention.
He's closest to her in age, and they get along best so there's nothing strange about this. She's too worried that Michael's in trouble because of her to concentrate on her game.
"Hello, Dean," she says with a slight nod of the head. Thinking the sooner he gets away from her, the better, Dean walks his bike home with one hand while carrying the piggy bank in the other, dreading what his dad will say as he walks up the driveway. His father's back's turned away as he does maintenance on the family Impala. Slowly, as though sensing trouble, he stands up and turns around. Looking at Dean and then the bike, his lips turn down.
Dean shrugs then and Gabriel who huffs and leans back in his seat. “So what'd you do yesterday?” he asks Cas.
"Are you the kid who took Castiel's money?" the kid glares at Dean, not giving a damn his dad is standing behind him.
John, however, is laughing. “You're Michael Paradis, I think my wife and I saw you play last week at the park. You're very good. I tried to get Dean interested in baseball but he never went past Teeball.”
He goes with her, partly because he's tired and hot, but mostly because she's not giving him a choice. It's to his benefit though because it's time for cake. All the kids gather around the dining table while Missouri brings out an cake shaped like the Batmobile, with eight yellow candles lit up.
“Yes,” Mary says, taking out the overcooked casserole, “You know what, screw it, let's go out for Chinese.”
That night, the Winchester men spend way too much time playing with Dean's toy. He gets his very first A of the year for it. As a reward, Mary bakes him a pie. He should feel good, so why
It becomes standard that Cas goes home with Dean in the afternoons. Mary greets them both with hugs and afternoon snacks consisting of apples and peanut butter. Dean licks the peanut butter off all the apples and gives them to Cas. Then they both read to Sam, which turns into an argument about how one should react say a cat wearing a hat shows up at your doorstep.
"Dean" John says, nudging on Dean's back with his hand, ""Dean," John says, nudging on Dean's back with his hand, "Give the girl her pig."
“I just heard Aunt Ellen say something about getting Cas to play for the team.” Their aunt coaches the girls' softball team at the high school. No doubt Cas will join. They still have another year of middle school, though. Balthazar lifts up his hand, urging Cas for a high five.
“Uh, well they're really just normal guys,” Dean says. Being thirteen also means the added responsibility of babysitting his brother until his parents get home. It's not a bad deal though, since Sam's pretty good natured. Mostly Sam just works on his homework and sometimes he has friends over but mostly he leaves Dean alone while he talks on the phone with Andrea. Mostly.
Ronald doesn't look reassured and Dean doesn't actually blame him. As though sensing Ronald's hesitation, Castiel puts her hand on his shoulder and forces him to look at her. “I will make a deal with you, Ronald,” Castiel says, looking him in the eye, “You pitch, I will come to your house this weekend and play Dungeons and Dragons like you keep asking.”
“Where do you think you're going?” Missouri bellows as soon as Michael opens the door. The four kids still, afraid to move. “I have expressed my feelings about you taking your sister with you on your foolish adventures.
The next day, Dean's confronted by both Andrea and Chuck. Andrea pulls Dean aside and tells him as nice as she can that she's dumping him.
“No,” Cas giggles again and Dean's eyes narrow. She's not actually flirting back with this guy is she?
“Switch positions with me,” she orders, and this time, the kid doesn't argue, trading positions with her.
“I'm not surprised,” Castiel says, flipping through her notebook for a blank sheet of paper, “He and Pamela are dating.”
“Snow day, Cas! Wake up, we're going sledding!” Upon hearing her brother's words, Cas shoots up like lightning and begins to search for her snow outfit. Every year when it snows, the Paradis siblings get dressed, eat a big breakfast consisting of hot oatmeal with maple syrup stirred in, gather their sleds and go find the highest hill they can.
Dean’s not sure what he was expecting, but it certainly wasn’t that. The simmering anger he’d been feeling all day suddenly gives way and Dean finds himself cracking up. “Man, that is
“Dean? Listen,” Bobby turns his focus to where Dean is slouched in his chair. “I’m talking to you as the Bobby who raised you, right now, not Bobby, your manager who is pissed that you let your personal life interfere with your ability to play today, got it?”
Cas nods in agreement. “I grew up with a large number of siblings, of which I’m the youngest. The term ‘sibling rivalry’ doesn’t do the competitive spirit in our house justice.”
“Well, yes, of course. But considering what you’ve already pointed out—that I know most of the people who will be present—coupled with the fact that I’d be honored to meet them as your significant other, it’s a step that I’d happily take, as long as you’re sure.”
“Oh, yeah, of course,” Dean says, stepping away from the threshold to make room. “Nice to meet you. I’m Dean, and this is Cas.”
flying, and this particular flight was turbulent enough to cause him to literally white-knuckle his way through the three hours. What he’d really wanted was to sit next to Cas and let him run his fingers through his hair like he does when they’re falling asleep together. It’s soothing as
shirt folded up in his dresser at home. The team had gotten to this exact point last year, before falling to the Royals in six games during the ALCS.
They’re both quiet for a few moments. “I guess the question becomes, then, whether or not you want this to be something we try. Something we figure out together,” Cas says.
“Yeah, I know.” Sam’s clutching the strap of his bag and shifting from one foot to another like a toddler who has to pee. “So, can we talk?”
Cas nods. “Yes, I understand that,” he says carefully. “But, speaking as the youngest brother, it’s sometimes incredibly difficult to accept any advice from older siblings. I rarely thought that my own knew any better than I did, and I often rebelled against what they said.”
Cas treats Dean to a full-on belly laugh—wide, gummy smile, head thrown back with the long column of his neck on display—and Dean knows that regardless of his feelings about his own self worth, he’ll do whatever the hell he can to keep this man in his life.
“Given that you were so quick to put me in my place regarding society’s ideas about virginity, I’m not sure where this whole ‘making a man out of you’ rhetoric is coming from.”
One of the dangers of having so much tech in the stadium—HD cameras, local and national broadcasts, fans’ phone-recorded videos—is that every single action is picked up and inevitably disseminated. Just last month, Dean and Sam were featured in a compilation of Angels players spitting, scratching their balls, and picking their noses that some asshole Dodgers fan had put together. So while Rocker’s comments weren’t picked up by any microphones, intrepid internet-users were able to piece together enough of the conversation and read into the body language of those involved to understand most of what the first baseman said.
“Hey!” Dean hears Sam’s voice clearly over the din of reporters still yelling their questions at his retreating back. “Have some decorum! I’ll answer your questions about my mediocre performance, ok? Dean’s already said his personal life is off limits. Just lay off him, Jesus…”
“It’s wonderful that the two of you get along well enough to cohabitate. My brothers and sisters and I grew up mostly concerned with plotting various ways to cause each other the most suffering.” Cas says.
had me to look out for you and what’s in your best interest, so it’s never really mattered that you don’t think about shit the way that I do.”
“Ok, ok, do your worst,” Dean says, leaning back and crossing his arms over his chest, scowling. The press doesn’t fluster him the way it does Sam, but answering their inane, rude, and often overly personal questions has always rubbed him the wrong way. After seven seasons in the majors, Dean has gotten a reputation with them as obstinate and evasive, which only seems to egg the lot of them on.
@Manzoplayz3rd (6/11/20 11:43 am): Some peeps already know this but yo I’m Scotty, I play 3rd for Rutgers and this is me and my hotass bf @DanSings99. thx @TheRealDWinny #queerbaseballplayers #jerseyshore
I'm going to gloss baseball terms/weird baseball trivia that I mention in the text throughout the end notes. Please let me know in the comments if there's anything you have questions about/are confused and I don't address it here/etc.
Busch Stadium isn’t Dean’s favorite place to play—as a pitcher’s park, rather than a hitter’s paradise, it’s pretty similar to Angels Stadium—but Cardinals fans are friggin’ obnoxious (Sam thinks Dean just has residual Cubs loyalty, which...point).
!” Dean yells, feeling his dick pulse in his hand while bliss shoots through his entire body, his entire
Dean is caught somewhere between arousal and discomfort—disrousal?—as 1) the thought of tying Cas up is doing things to his nether regions and 2) that thought should not be doing things to his nether regions, particularly when 3) he’s sitting next to his brother. So he tries to cover this all up with what ends up being a sort of strangled laugh/giggle. He sounds like an idiot.
“OK, huh. I really, honestly thought you guys were together.” He takes a drink of coffee. “I guess the question is, then, do you want to be?”
Cas gasps out a scandalized, “Dean!” and Dean winces, rubbing the back of his neck. “I apologized for that like, at least fifteen times. And I bought you a pie!”
Dean tucks his face into Cas’ neck. “Huh. Heat of the moment, I suppose.” He’s never called anyone that, except for his car, but in that case it’s a proper noun. He feels sorta funny about it, unsure if he should be embarrassed or not.
“You mean like ‘saying something vaguely rude and leaving the room,’ like you did when you met my girlfriend for the first time?”
[photo: teenage girl in a softball uniform with her arm around a taller girl wearing a band uniform and holding a flute]
“Thanks,” Dean responds quietly, feeling his cheeks heat. His body’s response to praise of any kind is generally to flee (not currently an option, given that he’s on the phone and has Cas’ arms anchoring him to his chair) and/or flush in embarrassment.
“Anyway, no, I don’t own it,” Sam continues. “Dean bought it a few years back for spring training, and there’s like, four bedrooms, so he invited me to share. I don’t think we’ve gotten to spend this much time together since before Dean left for college.”
“I’m going, I’m going!” Sam stops his retreat and looks back at his brother. “At the end of the day, I just want you to be happy, and so does everyone else who matters. Do something for
instead of standing up at the kitchen island alone, distractedly eating leftovers while preparing for the next day’s game, hoping and trying to keep busy enough to ignore the pervasive silence of a huge, empty house.
“No one’s paying attention,” Dean shrugs, glancing around the bus to see his teammates all glued to their phones or tablets. “I just missed you, I guess. Was that OK?”
Helping themselves to the buffet of annoyingly healthy food prepared for the team, they join a table already occupied by Sam, Ash, and their shortstop Victor. While Ash is midway through the dramatic reenactment of his most recent run-in with the local law enforcement of Bumblefuck, Wyoming (“I was in the wrong place at the wrong time, muchachos”), Benny leans closer to Dean and asks him in his serious voice, “So, really, how are you?”
not into the whole guy-on-guy, rainbow flag waving, adopting children, shopping at Whole Foods for organically-grown kombucha lifestyle.
He hits another one out of the park and he lets himself peek over to where he last saw Cas, just to see if he was watching.
“Willie Randolph once tried to teach me how to turn a double play, but I’ve never had the reflexes required of an infielder.”)
“You’ve got an answer for everything, don’t you?” Dean asks, climbing on top of Cas and taking his book out of his hands, setting it on the nightstand. Cas is wearing only some faded pajama pants, and Dean takes the opportunity to run his hands over Cas’ bare chest.
“I’m not a baby, Dean! It won’t hurt me. Just throw it over here and I’m gonna throw it back so hard
Pushing himself up from where he was slumped against the wall, Dean scratches his nose conspicuously with his middle finger. “Sure thing, boss.”
For the next week in a half they don't speak except for when he asks her for a pencil and she hands him a purple Joker pencil and he fears she might stab him in the eye with it. Jo, who hadn't been there for the day of the game, kicks Dean in the shins.
It's not just verbal teasing though. They'll joke about losing their pencils and someone will say. “Have you looked inside Castiel's hair?” Then, when she's not paying attention, they actually put things in her hair. Sometimes Dean feels guilty for laughing along with them, but not enough to stop.
? He's almost about to say "who says I want to be friends with you‟ when she continues. “What's your favorite baseball team?” She asks it like she's asking a question of life and death.
He doesn't think much of it. He shoots an absent hello in her direction as he takes out his late homework. “Do you know the answer to nu-” the rest of the question dies on his lips when he turns to her. She's taken off her sweater and all that's there is a dress held up with just two thin strips of fabric and leaves no part of her figure to the imagination.
"Yeah, that doesn't make it any better," Dean scoffs. "I'm Dean." He doesn't tell her he was named after his grandmother, because really, what eight year old boy wants to admit that?
The girl picks a leaf off her sweater, “I don't see how that's any of your concern,” she says, “and don't use the H word.”
“My arm is broken,” Castiel says, but while she sounds angry, she's doesn't sound upset. In fact, she's far too casual about the whole thing. Sure, it's obvious she's in pain, but it's more a physical response than anything else.
“True,” Gabriel admits, sitting back to talk to another kid. Castiel leans back in her seat, placing her hands in her lap and Dean bumps her with his shoulder.
Dean has never hated any kid as much as he hates Ruby Adams, but he knows it's not up to him and their mom said Sam could have anyone he wanted over. “If Cas was allowed to come over when you were that age, then so is Ruby.” Dean made the argument that Cas was
Castiel smiles broadly as Dean gives her a grape ring pop from his bag. “Thank you, Dean,” she says, taking his hand in hers. He stares at her hand for a minute before shrugging and squeezing it back.
have a problem with questioning authority,” she says, using finger quotes. Their summers together growing up always went like this. Cas goes to Bible camp, Cas gets kicked out, comes home and then they hang out. This last summer was the first one where they spent it apart.
“Make a wish, Casafras!” Gabriel urges, his rabbit, whose name Dean learns is Marshmallow, pokes his white head out from his jacket, nose twitching.
“Dean, you and I both know that isn's true, so tell me, what's wrong.” When Dean doesn't answer right away, Mary sighs, “Okay, I get it. You're fourteen, your hormones are going crazy and I understand that. It's natural. This behavior though, it's new. So what is it? got a bad grade?”
The pig is heavy but he can still hear the clang of coins inside, so it‟s not completely full. Still, he's surprised she's just giving it to him.
Dean can't help but feel insulted by this. “Wait, you wouldn't date me?” She loves him. She's always loved him. He loves her. She makes him want to puke rainbows and to hear she doesn't feel the same way kills him.
“Iced tea if you have it,” John smiles, turning to Dean, “Dean, you can go play while Missouri and I catch up.”
For a teenager of considerable size and strength, he's got the most peaceful presence Cas has ever known. “You want me to read to you?”
Well if she's not going to eat them, he might as well. “Okay,” he reaches over her and takes the boxes of cinnamon hearts. “What about the cards?”
“Ronald,” she yells, “You're pitching, Dean go to the center field, Caleb, right field, Jo, first base,” One by one she puts her team into position. Once satisfied everyone is where she wants them, she takes her position as short stop. Ronald though, just stands at the pitcher's mound, clearly terrified. Cas marches up to him, speaking loud enough for everyone to hear.
“Sorry.” What's the point in having brand new snow boots if you can't even wear them? Cas stomps up to her room and stares out her window forlornly at all the kids playing outside, building snowmen, forts and having snowball fights. There's even the weird blonde kid who lives down the street who makes peculiar looking snowmen he calls art.
“What do you want?” Victor snaps at her. Even Dean knows that's a mistake, as he quickly bends back and tries to look as innocent as possible.
And there's Chuck, and that weird kid Beckett Rosen who is waving his hands frantically while he talks. The other three are listening intently, and then Cas looks over and meets Dean's eyes.
"What is it, Raphael?" the short boy asks. Behind them, Castiel waves to Dean and takes a bite of her apple. Unable to stop himself, he waves back.
Three seconds later, Dean really regrets asking when John puts his hands on his shoulders, turning him around and looking him dead in the eye. “About sex.”
Dean thinks about it for a moment before deciding. “Ham,” and he doesn't miss the pitying look Victor and Cas share. He doesn't care though, they can keep their stupid sandwiches.
“Nothing of import,” Cas says, reaching into her bag for her note book and two pencils. “I went to Bible camp.”
Castiel stares Ronald in the eyes and Dean feels both bad and jealous at the poor kid. He knows exactly what it's like to have those eyes stare right into yours. “Do you know why you've never pitched before, Ronald?”
“Your girlfriend is staring at you,” a kid named Duanne informs Dean. Dean stops, narrowing his eyes at the other kid.
“Do you not want to kiss me?” her bottom lip sticks out and she starts staring at him with big eyes. Dean tries as hard as he can to resist, but somehow Castiel has this ability to make him do whatever she wants. It would be so much easier if he could just hate her, but she's like a puppy.
“No,” John shakes his hand at Dean, “Not, not that. You know about that. I'm talking about the other stuff.”
there?” He doesn't say it to be petty, he really doesn't, but as valid as the question sounds in his head, he regrets it the moment he says it.Not just because it's a cruel thing to say, but because it's so completely untrue. He waits for her to react, to yell, kick, verbally kick his ass, something but her attention turns back to the field.
Because he's respectful when it comes to comics and he didn's try to send her home, she gives him permission. Gabriel chooses one seemingly at random, sits next to her and starts reading.
Dean's sure Castiel's going to say yes. Miss comic book junkie would never turn down the chance to become a character in an actual story. However, this would mean Dean would have to draw her and there's no way that's going to happen. “Dude, I'm not drawing her.”
“Oh you should have seen it!” Gabriel exclaims, forgetting about Zachariah for the time being.“It was so cool. So we were going sledding right? But Missouri's all "oh no! Castiel can't go because she's too precious,” Cas rolls her eyes, even though it's not a bad impersonation, “and so she is sent to her room right? So what does little sis do?” He doesn's give Dean the chance to guess, “She climbed out the window! You should have seen it, Deano.”
. Dean ponders jumping into the hole because surely, a slow freezing death is better than this. “Dad,
Dean doesn't miss the slightly hurt look that passes over Meg's face, but it's gone before he can even think about what it might mean. “How did you know they weren't real Valentines?”
Victor's comment about no one liking Cas sticks in his mind throughout the morning. At lunch he watches as she takes her seat at her table next to Jo. Well there was
She turns and looks at the time, “You have to propose. Get down on one knee and ask me to marry you.”
“Hey, Deano,” Gabriel pokes at Dean who swats his hand away, “You wanna help me kick that kid's ass?”
Unfortunately, this turns out to be the wrong thing to say. The boy turns and yells, "Michael! Gabriel!" and as quick as lightning, two boys came running down the stairs, right as Castiel comes from out of nowhere, playing catch with an apple. One boy is rather short and Dean thinks he might recognize him from school, and the older one could be the Incredible Hulk if it weren't for the fact he's not green. There's no denying their resemblance to each other or to Castiel, though her hair is darker and curlier.
“Babies?” Dean asks in a weak voice. Next time they were so going to play Ghostbusters. Dean likes playing Ghostbusters. Hunting ghosts, now that sounds like a good job. None of this crazy baby business. “Fine, we'll get married but make it quick, Ninja Turtles is going to be on soon.”
Dean knows that, but when he does it's not meant as an insult. “It's not the same.” He thinks he sees a hint of a smile on John's face but it leaves as John shakes his head as he sits down on Dean's bed and pats the space beside him. There's not a lot of space on Dean's bed due to his father's large frame, but somehow he manages to squeeze in.
Dean traces the patterns in the wood with his finger. “What if it's uh, someone who used to like you but doesn't anymore?”
If there was one thing Dean hates, it's being called a thief. Once, Victor thought he took his Fruit Roll Up and they didn't speak for a week. "She gave it to me!"
“She just doesn't want you getting sick again, Casafras,” Gabriel says, helping her pull off her coat.
Dean's thirteen when puberty hits him in the worst way possible. There's the growth spurt, the hair in new and exciting places, sweating, pimples, and best of all, the constant erections. It's during this time when he gets his first girlfriend Andrea Creston. She's funny and popular and she smells like apples when she kisses him for the first time. He still sits next to Cas in class though, even though he scoots his desk over so he's not sitting right next to her, because she's the class dork. Almost everyone teases Cas, especially the girls Dean's so desperately trying to impress.
“Okay kids, we're playing softball today!” Coach Deacon shouts. “Team captains are Victor and Castiel, ”There's a collective murmur of disapproval and when Dean looks over, he sees Cas smirking.
She's right though, there's no way Dean's parents would ever let them play Spin the Bottle or Truth or Dare or anything that might lead to actual fun, hence why he's going ice fishing instead.
Singing being a loose interpretation of what's happening. Cas just sort of stands there and looks bored, occasionally muttering a rumpa pum pum whenever Missouri shoots a glare in her direction. Michael's singing is actually pretty good, except it's coupled with a scowl directed at Dean. Dean takes another step back into his house, just out of Michael's reach. When they leave, he can hear Castiel seething.
John stares at Dean, “Let me get this straight. You don't want to like Cas because she's smart, has nice eyes and her hair is too curly?”
okay, so she has boobs. Alright so she had a growth spurt. No Big deal, Dean just had one himself. There was nothing to make a fuss over. Gabriel plays toss with himself for a few minutes before Michael yells at him to stop.
Dean really should know better. Of course Castiel would want to play a game that resulted in them kissing. All girls are evil and want to infect innocent boys like him with their germs. Next thing, she'll want to hold hands on the bus.
The road crews clear up the snow and what's left all but melts the next day, which means school isn't canceled. Missouri makes her wear a turtle neck, a sweater, a coat, as well as a pair of thick pants and her puffy gloves, hat and scarf. By the time she and Gabriel walk to the bus stop, she's boiling up.
Dean finds out from Jo, Cas won't get her cast off until school ends, but when he asks Cas about it, she shrugs. “I can still play during the summer,” then she walks away without so much as a see ya.
Dean is right, Cas' party is different. For one thing, there are no ponies. However, there are a lot of kids from school, mostly from Cas' class and her brothers' friends. When Gabriel comes in wearing a black cape and a top hat, Cas demands he sit next to her while her brother pulls a white bunny out of the hat. After which, Castiel praises both the brother and the rabbit for a job well done. When a boy from Cas' class comes and asks Dean if he wants to play with them outside, Dean follows them out and runs around, pretending to shoot zombies in the face.
Climbing down is a lot harder than she thought it would be, due to the slickness of the snow, but all she has to do is ask herself, “What would Batman do?” Her fear dissipates, becoming something else entirely; a need to make her favorite character proud.
Dean tries to bend the handle bars back into shape as she looms behind him. "You broke your bicycle."
“This is your fault,” She ignores her brother and her eyes meet his. It feels like forever since he looked into those shocking blue eyes. He has to look away.
“I found this place last year,” she explains, sitting down. Dean sits next to her and watches the stream for a minute before he picks up a pebble and throws it in. He doesn't know what to say to her though. He doubts "I want to stick my tongue down your throat‟ will be appreciated.
Mary pulls out the chair next to Deans and sits down. “But I'm close, aren't I? Dean, I know you want people to like you, but as you go through life, you're going to find that there are some people who do and some who, well, they just don't and you can't force them to. All you can do is stay true to the people who do"
“Now, I'm supposed to ground you and make you run around the block two times like usual, but between you and me, I'm proud of you.”
She smiles softly, making Dean's insides feel like they're turning into gush. After she walks away, Dean slams his locker closed only to find Victor on the other side of it, arm wrapped around Pam's shoulder.
Gabriel's friends who are all watching Gabe do card tricks. Dean thanks Cas for inviting him and despite his initial misgivings of her, tells Cas she should sit next to him at lunch.
The brothers share a look before bursting out laughing. “I'll show you,” Gabriel says before calling out Cas' name. He signals her once and she nods right before Gabriel hands Raphael the ball. The teenager throws Castiel a fast ball and she catches it like it's nothing.
This time Dean's strangely appeased, because at least he knows how long he's in for. Besides, he can think of worse girls to be married to, like Lilith. “Oh, okay. Wanna play Ghostbusters after this?”
Dean's actual birthday is on a Thursday and no one is more disappointed than Victor to find out Dean's not having a party. “Dude, I had this whole plan to play spin the bottle.”
“Michael, honey, have you taken out of the trash yet?” a sweet sounding woman asks, coming in from the sliding glass door leading out to the back yard. Seeing John, she stops and smiles.
“Hey, she should be thanking me,” Victor says with a smugness that makes Dean wish he pushed him harder. “At least she got something, right?”
“Oh,” Dean says, not at all comfortable with her answer. “Wait, how long are we gonna be married for?”
“Oh,” Missouri says, wiping dirt onto her apron. “I see. Well would you two like something to drink?”
“Now for the wedding! I'll do it because you'll mess it up,” Castiel informs him and Dean shrugs. “Do you take me in sickness and health, for richer or poorer, in the seasons of the sun, amen?”
"I know," Dean lets out a petulant sigh. “There's probably not enough in it to buy a new bike anyway.”
