James cleared his throat. "Yes, you too ma'am."
Soon he was in the bar. It was a spacious room with a long black table lined with black barstools. The ceiling was painted to look like the night sky, with a white full moon and white stars formed into constellations. Off to the sides, were more round tables, for those that wanted to dine in the bar area.
Sherlock preened a little at John's compliment, grinning at him. "I won't be long."
Thinking nothing of it, she continued for her house. But soon, Mycroft had gone through the traffic light and was driving right up to her. She stopped, and he leaned over towards the passenger side door. "Hello Molly. Would you like a lift home?"
Mrs. Beckwith had always been interested in the New Age movement and alternative religions so her husband hired a mystic who called herself Journey Divine. Ms. Divine was a reportedly popular self-proclaimed mystic with a popular YouTube channel who claimed she could communicate with gods and goddesses from many realms. She made a lot of money with her shtick, and had gained a large following from mostly young rich and middle-aged people who booked her for their social events.
The doorbell rang. "That's Harry," John said, going to answer it.
"You wanna walk, or you wanna try and catch a taxi?"
"Well beautiful? You going to give me the best ten minutes of my life or what?" Janine asked silkily.
Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock's mom would probably be in their late 80s or 90s here and I sure wasn't going to have them miss Rosie's wedding.
He gathered up his things, put his T-shirt on, and Warren saw him out. Once he was in the hallway, heading to the elevator, he took a deep breath. It was an intense session, but very successful. He couldn't believe how easy domination was coming to him. He was truly glad he didn't turn down Irene and Molly's offer. It was the most excitement and thrills he's experienced since being in the Army.
"And he agreed?" John asked.
"I know, but I got tired of laying in bed." He looked at his husband and the mugs. "You make tea?"
Molly woke up to the sound of rain on her window. She sat up, stretched, and looked at her alarm clock. It was seven o'clock. She had slept for an hour.
Sherlock turned beet red, and John bent over in laughter. Billy grinned deviously and snapped the picture.
Kitty Reilly sat at her desk inside the newspaper office, reading her story. The attractive redhead never thought she would be reporting on brutal murders like this. She had moved to Sherrinford at age twenty-six, leaving San Francisco behind after a painful divorce from a cheating husband. She was a reporter for the city paper in her old hometown, covering the society pages. She wanted to be on the crime beat, but her boss at the time said that was no place for a woman. So she was stuck writing about boring and pretentious charity balls, weddings of prominent couples, and various parties and gatherings of the San Fran elite.
Discopath is the name of a French horror film from the 2000's about a man who goes on a murderous rage after he hears disco music.
Janine sighed and ran a hand through her hair. "Okay, I'll give you John's contact information. But you don't tell anyone okay? I actually like this job and want to keep it."
“You’ve heard of the Zach Quinn case?” Greg asked.
"Wilkes then attempted to shoot John Watson, but was interrupted by his mother, who was able to thwart his attempts to harm the young man. Police soon arrived to the residence, but as two officers were in the process of taking Wilkes into custody, he was able to grab one of the officer's guns, and shoot John Watson in the left shoulder..."
Loud and wild applause along with some hoots and hollers punctured the room. Sherrinford and Eurus were among the revelers. Sherlock just watched John's lovely face as he reacted, and couldn't help but smile.
"I wrote The Woman in under a month. One of the doctors read it and really liked it. He was overjoyed to see a doctor was the good guy in my story."
"What about before that?"
Molly slammed her fist down on the table, causing both Sherlock and Irene to jump in their seats a little. "Don't take that bored tone with me
Sebastian nodded. "I can't help it Jimmy. There are days when I don't see his leering face at all, hear that sleazy voice saying all those horrible things, and then all of a sudden, I start thinking, remembering..."
Luke shook John's hand heartily. "Hi John, nice to meet you too."
"It was a lapse in judgment. I won't make that mistake again."
*****
John sighed. "I don't get you. I don't think I'll ever will." Seconds later, he could hear his mom calling for him. "Sherlock, my mom wants me, I really need to go."
*****
John chewed on his lip. It can't be Sherlock, that's for certain. His family would be upset and angry and he couldn't have that. "I don't know Sherlock. But it can't be you, and you know why. We've been over this."
The two entered the flat. Rosie sat the box down and opened the lid, gently picking up the kitten. "Isn't she pretty Papa? Her name is Bespoke Watson-Holmes."
He took a deep breath, inhaling the scents of the city. Mrs. Hudson wanted to buried in the heart of London. She had loved the city, and the city had loved her back for over forty years. John had made peace with her passing, knowing she hadn't suffered and she was right where she wanted to be. She didn't want a somber funeral, but instead a "celebration of life". Mycroft had generously allowed it to take place at The Diogenes Club, and there were so many who paid their respects to the indomitable woman.
Sherlock gently pulled away, which made John shudder at the loss of warmth, but he wrapped his arms around John and kissed his hair. "Happy New Year John Watson."
Sherlock chuckled and pulled his dressing gown tighter around him as he watched the two people he loved most in this world leave for their snowy adventure.
"Can we be certain it'll happen again?"
Molly chuckled bitterly. "No I'm not. I took on Carl's dad when he backed me into an alley. I'll do the same with you goons. Now leave me alone. Some of us are here to actually get an education."
"It's okay John. It's okay to be selfish sometimes, and focus on your needs and desires. And aren't you doing this so you'll be financially secure and providing for your daughter?" Victor gently interrupted.
John again was in disbelief. "You can't be in love with me Sherlock, we've only known each other for less than a week, and our interactions have not been, well, normal."
Sherlock had cornered John just before lunch and apologized profusely for his behavior. John had cooled off by then, and he accepted it, with a command to save the groping for after school. Sherlock had been relieved to hear that John hadn't changed his mind about that, he thought he'd literally die if he wasn't able to touch the boy he loved.
John couldn't help but laugh at the two idiots even though it made his chest hurt awfully. But he would definitely be reporting it to the police. He didn't want those two going after anyone else, and especially during the holidays. He picked up his takeaway and decided to swing by St. Bart's to get himself checked out. He knew Mike was working a shift at A&E, covering for co-worker who came down with the flu, so he didn't mind having Mike examine him. And he'd have to tell his husband, who was currently at the morgue, what had happened.
Sherlock didn't hear Irene as he stood up and headed for his beautiful blond man.
"Dad!" Rosie exclaimed incredulously. "Stop putting yourself down. You still turn heads. Remember that thirtysomething woman with the long black hair and blue eyes at the pharmacy? She called you a silver fox."
John chuckled. "I don't think anyone wants to see my ugly feet."
"She can nap with us then. I bet that's what she wanted all along," John replied, shaking his head. "We've got a smart one here, just like you." He crawled into bed and snuggled up against Sherlock and Rosie.
"Something to do with the fire?" Dave asked, starting to get anxious.
"True, but I also wanted to show how much I love their son by getting the appropriate dinner attire and having him be proud of me."
Eurus chuckled. "I must admit it I didn't figure it out all my myself. I heard Sherlock muttering about going to Los Angeles to find John while he was in his room packing. I just happened to be in there in the closet listening."
"Hi John, how are you?"
John checked himself and Evie into a hotel and began to do online job searches. He placed Evie in daycare while he went on interviews, but nothing panned out. After a few weeks, he was beginning to feel depressed. Wasn't there someone in the city who wanted him?
John smiled. "It's okay. No harm done." He looked at Bill. "I think this one's okay my friend. Let him buy you another round."
*****
A series of "oohs" came from the rest of the group: Greg Lestrade, Victor Trevor, Phillip Anderson, and James "Bruiser" Sholto.
Brett saluted his dad. "Aye aye Captain!"
"I understand Sherlock will be attending Culverton," Wanda said with some apprehension.
John glared at her with such sharp intensity Eurus felt if he could, he'd burn a hole right through her body. "Well," she began, but John cut her off.
"Yes. Turned out to be the nanny. She had a miscarriage two years ago, and decided to claim the little boy as hers, believing she was a better fit to raise him since the parents were hardly at home. The child is fine, and I think the parents now realize it may be better if they eased up on their vacations."
"And here I thought Sherrinford was this boring slice of suburbia. It's proven me wrong, and I'm never wrong."
"I'm not a psychopath Mrs. Watson, I'm a high-functioning sociopath. Do your research," a smooth baritone sniped from behind the adults. Everyone turned to see Sherlock Holmes, who had entered the room from a secret side door.
"Do you have any plans for after you graduate?" Ella asked.
Wanda made plans to scrub her house down with bleach as soon as she got home from work tonight.
"My sister's here. If she comes looking for me and sees you, we're both done for."
Just as Sherlock got out of his chair, a nurse entered the room. "Hello Doctor Watson, Mr. Holmes. Doctor Watson, I have a pain pill for you. Once this kicks in and you've had breakfast, you can go home."
*****
"I don't like what he does either, but you must realize he is cut more slack when it comes to his sexual exploits. Since we're in America now, they are much more puritanical in their thinking when it comes to females and sexuality. I'm only looking out for your welfare."
"You might as well stay here now, we've only got twenty-five minutes," Sherlock replied with a sigh.
Sherlock and John, Rosie's proud dads, were in their Roaring Twenties finest, complete with pinstripe suits (white with black stripes for John and black with white stripes for Sherlock), and matching fedoras. Lacy's dad wore a traditional tuxedo and her mom wore a satin gown and faux diamond necklace, a near double for Josephine Baker.
"I won't be changing my mind. Goodbye Mr. Holmes," Harry said, still firm but with less bite in her voice.
The principal shook his head. "Can't say that I have. Does it have something to do with the murders and the fires?"
"I understand, but I just want you to be honest with me. Tell me you're attracted to me."
Mrs. Hudson had retired to her flat for her nightly herbal soother and to watch the late news; John was in his snuggled under a blanket nursing a second cup of tea, with the TV on as background noise. The thunder and lightning had subsided but heavy rain was still pouring over London.
"You know why you're here, don't you," Irene stated, steel in her voice.
Sherlock smirked and chewed his piece of cake. It was scrumptious. He let out a small moan of appreciation, and John's eyes bugged out even more.
"Thanks Jeremy. You've always been such a wonderful big brother."
A few seconds later, Victor appeared, skates slung across his shoulder. “Hey John, Molly. I’m calling it a night. You two gonna stick around?”
Eurus chuckled, and Greg thought it sounded a little too evil. “I’ve heard worse insults than that, usually involving four letter words. People are so crass these days.” She leaned back in the chair and stared out at the pool. It’s lovely isn’t it? I’ve always enjoyed being near water. I can’t wait to see the beach. It’s the perfect place to sit and observe. Mummy and Father would holiday sometimes in Brighton and I would spend all day sitting on benches and just watching.” She turned to Greg. “I know you’re wondering how I knew Irene was cheating on you. I’ll tell you if you like.”
He was glad to have Molly, Victor, Mary, and Mike in homeroom with him, he didn't feel so alone. He'd even looked to see if Sherlock had made it to school, but didn't see him. His parents had probably kept him home, it appeared many students opted not to come today. John wanted to go to school. That psycho on the loose wasn't scaring him into staying away.
you wanted them to be more than friends, but your publisher wouldn't allow it. They were afraid of backlash by homophobes. And you're bisexual."
Sherlock stopped playing, he somehow sensed John was back. He set his violin down. "John?" he called out.
This time it was Sherlock whose eyes were wide and mouth open. "You---you really think so?"
Lestrade turned around, and upon seeing Sherlock he let out a long sigh. "Sherlock, what are you doing here? I told Sally not to let you in."
It didn't work. She'd gotten drunk too and even more turned on. Once midnight hit, she grabbed him and kissed him, and the alcohol in his brain wired him to kiss back. The two ended up having drunken, wild sex in Sherlock's old room. The next morning, both had sobered up and agreed their night together would be a one off.
Sherlock nodded. "I'd like that."
He was on the porch, about to head for the driveway when he saw the car pull up, and his body felt like someone was throwing mounds of dirt on top of it. He stood rigid as stone, trying hard not to give himself away.
"Takes after her mom," John said, scooping up some mashed potatoes onto a plate.
John grinned widely at the two women. "Ladies, enter The Captain."
"Oh, well you would make a nice couple. But enough chatter. Let's gets started. Diane and Stephanie will be taking care of you today. Have a seat and they'll be with you shortly."
John watched the sleet fall from the dark winter sky. Tiny ice pellets hit softly against the living room windows, and the streets below were a slick, slushy mess. Not a soul was out there, and the streetlights cast an eerie glow throughout the neighborhood.
John grinned and opened up his bag, carefully taking out the pictures. "Here they are, for your viewing pleasure."
"Thanks." Dave picked up the phone. "Officer Morstan."
"God John, you're like a compact Adonis. So beautiful." Sherlock was sorely tempted to reach out and caress John's abdomen, but he knew the few that were on the beach would not take so kindly to see a gesture of affection from one boy towards another.
Sherlock shivered and felt his neither regions stiffen. "I'm going to hold you to that," he murmured darkly.
"Sherlock..." John sighed again. "What did I tell you?"
It was if time stood still once he heard the voice on the other end. He couldn't even hear his sister carrying on. Nothing else mattered, only that sweet voice saying his name.
Molly's eyes went wide. "A gun? For real?"
"I know we're not together anymore, but surely you can be a little more enthusiastic in greeting your old steady," Irene replied, a little chuffed. She sat down next to him on the bench and crossed her shapely legs, which were wrapped in tight black pedal pushers.
John got up to hug his mom. "I know."
"One twenty, but I'm giving you a fifty percent discount. I want you and your boy to be safe," Hal earnestly replied.
The two were working on getting the last remaining groceries into cupboards and the fridge when the phone rang. "I'll get it," John told his mom, reaching the phone on the kitchen wall. "Hello. Harry, hey! How's it going Sis?"
"I see you've managed to charm another one," Irene teased, sliding onto the stool next to her friend.
John turned to look at his husband, a loving gleam in his dark blue eyes. "It turned out to be wonderful. When things get back to normal, I'd like to officially celebrate with a family dinner at Angelo's, with Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, Mike, and even your brother. I know Angelo's cooking and some Italian cream cake will keep him pleasant."
Sherlock took out his earbuds. "Good news from home I take it?"
"Wait a minute, you want us to wear women's' clothes?" Jeff asked incredulously.
"Wait, how did you know I can't be enthralled? And how will I know you won't bite me?" John asked, bewildered.
John grinned appreciatively. "So do you. Like you stepped right out of GQ."
"Yeah I know, that was nice."
"Carl Powers asked about you Molly," Janine said, frowning. "He thinks you're cute."
John picked his phone up, unplugged the ear buds, and set it down inside the docking station on the mantle that had two speakers attached to the ends. "I was listening to this song by Madonna---I know you're not a fan of hers or anybody that makes music past the 19th century---" Sherlock couldn't help but laugh at that remark as he often criticized popular music and preferred classical.
Sherlock grinned madly and practically leapt into John's arms. "John," he purred seductively, before instantly claiming his lips in a heated rush.
“I’ll leave you two alone,” Mrs. Hooper said, going into the family room. Molly stood at the front of the stairs, hands clasped. “Why don’t we go into the kitchen. Mom made fresh lemonade.”
John and Victor have their dinner date and Victor's plans of seducing The Captain are cockblocked in a most hilarious way. And in another part of London, Jim claims his latest victim.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes. You were great company. I had such a pleasant time."
"Besides, you know I'm dating Mike. Now, what do you want to eat, that
*****
"Hi love. Mmm, that feels good," John murmured, closing his eyes.
"Goodnight Sherlock. Will you think about what Greg and I said back there? I think you have a real shot of happiness with John. Don't let those old insecurities ruin it. You deserve to have someone who loves and appreciates you. And you can tell your pompous git of a brother I said so. Don't forget, I have pictures of him when he was going through his goth phase. I can pull those out at anytime if need be."
******
Sherlock grinned, blue-green eyes flashing. "Get in and you'll find out. Come on, I know you're thinking about it. A former Army captain with an addiction to danger? You can't resist."
"How did you know I was a widower?" John asked, forgetting the taller man's rudeness.
"Have a seat John. We're just waiting for the last member to show up. It takes him a little more time because he's in a wheelchair," Lee told him.
Harry joined her mother at the counter. "Okay." Then she frowned. "John still in his room?"
"She can be interested in both guys and girls Janine. Look at John." At the mention of her friend's name, she sighed and lay back on the bed.
"Yes I am. Is that what you wanted to talk about?"
Sherlock wrinkled his nose up in distaste. "No thank you."
"Is that why Wanda isn't here?" Addie Dimmock asked.
"No Irene. Stop trying to cause trouble between Molly and me. You and I are over."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Carl, can it wait, I'm heading over to Molly's," Greg said firmly.
"We call the cops and press charges, that's what. We have to look out for her. I think all the parents in town do. First that Wilkes kid, and now this. Maybe we should organize a town meeting with other parents. We've got to protect our children."
Molly nodded. “It looks like Sherrinford is about to get some excitement. Remember when the biggest thing to hit this town was when the roller rink opened over on Norbury Avenue? I don’t know about you John, but I prefer my town to stay boring.”
"How do you think? He's frightened out of his mind! I sent him away because he's scared your son will come after him again!" Mrs. Watson's face was heating up, and her blue eyes were flashing with ire.
Knowing she'd been caught, she confessed to the murder. It turned out that she and Ms. Beckwith were having an illicit affair, having met at a convention last year. She had fallen hard for the beautiful redhead, and Ms. Beckwith promised she'd leave her husband and join her on a spiritual retreat to Bali this summer. But then Carter had fallen ill, and was diagnosed with lupus. Ms. Beckwith had ended the affair due to guilt and that she really did love her husband. Ms. Divine was furious, but maintained her composure. Then when Carter contacted her agent, inquiring if she'd like to perform at his wife's birthday party because she was a huge fan, the social media mystic knew it was the perfect way to plan her murderous revenge.
"You don't have to say anything more Sherlock. I know how hard it is to lose a loved one, especially in a tragic accident." John reached up behind him and ruffled Sherlock's curls.
At that last comment, Victor tensed up. He was also gay, but was in the closet. His parents had made some unkind remarks about homosexuals in the past and he was afraid to come out to them. But maybe having another gay teenage boy in town made him feel a little better.
Sebastian looked up and smiled. "Hi John. Shitty night to be out isn't it?"
Irene laughed softly. "It is. Anyway, like I said, I don't want you as a customer. I'd like to offer you a job."
(See the end of the chapter for
John chuckled and removed the bullhorn. "You've been such a perfect little soldier. Now Private Raymond, you get your reward." He began to remove the rope from Warren's hands and feet. Once he was done, he ran a thumb over the joints, satisfied there was no rope burn or rawness on the skin. Warren continued to stay still, but inside he was on fire.
"Everything is excellent, but I'm partial to the stuffed flounder with crab Imperial," Molly replied, before taking a sip of her wine.
"What about Phillip Anderson and Sally Donovan?" Dave asked, his mouth set in a taut line. At that time, Officer Sholto returned with a Styrofoam cup of water which he handed to Henry. The boy took a small sip before answering.
John relaxed on his comfy lounge chair, sighing happily at the ocean breeze and watching the thick gray clouds roll in. The moments before a storm were always some of his favorites. When he and Harry were kids, they'd sit in their backyard during summers watching thunderstorms approach, running back into the house just before the rain poured down. Their mom wasn't a fan of their stormwatches as she didn't want them to be close to the window in case of lightning, but their dad had no problem with it and sometimes he would be outside with them.
Officer Sholto takes a trip out of town to follow up on a clue found at one of the crime scenes---and a very observant bartender helps him piece together the identity of the killer, who is also discovered by someone else in Sherrinford! Meanwhile, Dave pays a visit to Principal Saxon, and John and Wanda get some much-needed good news.
The boys are on holiday. John admires Sherlock at the pool.
Sequel to Chapter Four's The Perfect Gift, so John and Sherlock are both university students.
Freshly showered but sore from practice, John was lying on his bed, reading a comic book and listening to the radio when he heard a noise at the window which made him startle a little. He rushed to his closet, retrieved his baseball bat, and carefully peeled back his curtain. Seeing Sherlock, he instantly relaxed and put the bat down on the floor. He unlatched the pane and Sherlock silkily slid through, reminding John of a big, graceful cat entering his castle.
"Love you too honey." She allowed Hal to take her arm and the two were out the door. John could hear Wanda locking it.
John let out another deep breath. "Come on in."
"Well then, I'm going to go and find him. But not today. I have an appointment with him Friday night. He answered my ad." He chuckled demonically. "He can never stay away. He's always ready to hurt others. But he's going to be the one hurting, and he'll pay, I promise you."
John hummed. "That feels good. Don't stop." He closed his eyes, totally relaxed.
"Angelo's coming out with our shakes. Mrs. H apparently feels I'm not growing fast enough," John said, shaking his head.
"She said she'll be back in two hours."
Rosie giggled. "Okay. I like snugglin' with Daddy and Papa."
"Yeah. They make a bloody good vanilla chai."
He stayed in Scotland for another two years before deciding it was time to return to London. He needed to make a fresh start with his daughter.
"Yeah? Well, nobody better have high expectations when it comes to me."
He carefully glanced at the corpse, and the small area surrounding it. Within a minute he spotted something gold and black on the floor, tucked under an blue ethernet cord that ran across the length of the floor underneath the chalkboard. He removed a clean handkerchief from his jacket pocket and scooped up the item. Upon closer inspection he saw it was a button attached to a torn piece of black fabric. Cynthia had fought with the killer and obviously tore the button so hard some of the clothing of the killer's came with it. The button was small and the black fabric silky in texture. A piece of woman's clothing?
"Okay I'm back. Would you like another one of those?" John asked, pointing to Sherlock's glass of wine.
Greg grinned a grin that could have rivaled the size of California. “Then why don’t we make it official and go on our first date, right now. How about we go to Speedy’s Ice Cream Parlor for some banana splits? My treat.”
The two headed for the house, not saying a word between them.
Sherlock gently picks up Rosie's hand and presses a soft kiss to the top of it. He sweetly ruffles John's silver-blond hair; despite all the grumbling John does over his hair and his laugh lines and crows' feet, Sherlock thinks John is beautiful, more beautiful than the first night he met him at St. Bart's. He knew John was the one from the moment he laid eyes on him. John though, was a bit more stubborn. It took him nearly eight years to realize Sherlock was his true love.
He looked down at the floor, feeling sheepish. When he returned John’s glare, he was blushing. “Well, I think she’s really sweet and cute. And she likes to do things that Irene won’t do, like roller skating. I’ve been trying to get Irene down to the Roller-Rama ever since we got together, but she refuses. And she wouldn’t go to the sock hop at the community center, or the beach bonfire...I don’t want to badmouth her, but we’ve been together for a year and a half and I’m starting to think she only wants to be with me because I’m on the football team, like it improves her social status or something. And the way she went on about that Holmes kid...it’s like she forgot that I was there. Molly just seems a lot more sincere. But she’s so shy around other guys, except for you.”
John ran it through and handed Sherlock the receipt to sign. He placed the box in a bag and gave it to Sherlock. "Here you go. Thank you and have a happy Christmas."
The DI left the classroom. Sherlock continued to gaze at his blogger lovingly. Donovan and Anderson just shook their heads. John smiled back at Sherlock. "I have my moments every now and then," he joked.
"Okay Miss Watson-Holmes, let's go see Papa," John told her.
An attractive middle-aged black woman wearing white slacks and a navy long-sleeved blouse appeared from the left side and stood next to Mike. He gave her the mic. "Thank you Mike. Hello everybody. I'm Ella Thompson, John Watson's agent and longtime friend. I've known this wonderful gentleman for eight years, and I'm thrilled at the success he is having. If anyone deserves this, it's him, and I'm so appreciative and delighted that all of you are here tonight for him. So without further adieu, please stand and give a hearty welcome to John Watson!"
"Mycroft can certainly afford it," Sherlock retorted.
John firmly placed the palm of his left hand on Owen's forehead, pushing down on his skin in time with the bullhorn, his hand leaving an impression on the tanned skin. "How do you like that soldier? Feels good, doesn't it?"
He opened the door and quietly walked in. He saw Sherlock was asleep. He looked so peaceful with his eyes closed, and his dark curls were mussed and spread on the white pillowcase.
"Ugh. My stomach can't handle that even when it's not upset. Mom's bringing home barbecue chicken and salad on her way home from work."
"When do you take your next round of antibiotics?" Sherlock asked.
John deals with the ramifications of his kiss with Sherlock. Back in Sherrinford, the parents have their meeting, Eurus and Jim get together in the biblical sense (no smut since I can't write it for crap), and a revelation about the Holmes family comes out during a heated argument.
"And I'm heading to the beach. Eddie's meeting me there when he gets out of school," Victor said. Victor's boyfriend went to Baskerville, who was not affected by the murders in Sherrinford and had a full day of class.
Done with his unpacking, John opened up his bedroom window. It was a beautiful afternoon with warm, but not hot, sunshine, with a gentle summer breeze rustling through the air. He took a deep breath, taking in the fresh suburban air. One thing he did not miss about Los Angeles was the smog.
"He came to see if I was okay, and he told Carl's dad to go home. Then I went to Speedy's, and ran into Henry Knight and Mr. Wilkes. They invited me to have ice cream with them. While I was with them, I started getting this weird feeling that something wasn't right. I can't explain it."
Tim groaned, and Carl frowned at Marty. "You fucking idiot! Tim's girlfriend is going to the party, of course he knows!"
Molly hurriedly skated over to John upon seeing Sherlock. “Hey, get away from him!” she yelled, pushing him away from John. “He’s told you he isn’t interested!”
"Do you think I would have been able to come in your house if I was at the front door and your mother answered it?" Sherlock retorted, shaking his head.
He stopped playing, and stood up, cracking his knuckles and stretching. Perhaps a dip in the pool would clear his mind and get the synapses charged. He began to head for his room to change.
"Hi honeybee," Sherlock said happily, pressing a kiss to her cheek. He smiled at his husband. "Get in John."
Soon everyone was on the way home, singing along to a CD of pirate music Sherlock had picked up at a thrift store. Sherlock was driving, John in the passenger seat, and Sherlock's free hand was on top of John's. John lifted his hand up and kissed his knuckles. Sherlock looked at John, his face full of love. Taking that risk a year ago was certainly worth it.
Rosie kissed the top of her dad's head, ruffling his silver hair. "You sure do. Now come on, let's get you online so you can get a new boyfriend or girlfriend."
But to John's shock and surprise, the man stopped right at his table, looking at him intensely.
"Oh, you're far from straight-laced baby." Sebastian leaned down and captured Henry's soft mouth with his, wrapping his arms tight around the younger boy, a hand reaching down to squeeze his bum.
Happy New Year! I'm back to resume the story. It's been a little rough getting back into the swing of writing. Updates will not be fast and frequent---you've been warned!
"It's even more frightening when he's living in your town, right under your nose," James quietly countered. He hopped off the stool. "Do you have a phone? I'll need to call my boss."
John continued to gaze at him. "Interesting." He definitely had to find a way to meet him in person and by himself.
"I'm sure the employees at the law firm will be relieved once they find out. So many people getting hurt because of a woman's anger...and getting innocent people sick because of an adulterous affair they weren't even part of," John said sadly.
Eurus smiled. She quite liked this boy.  “You don’t seem that upset at my news.  I thought you’d be furious, wanting to confront her and demand who her other lover is...oh wait...you were planning to break up with her anyway.”
"It's going to be hard to concentrate so it's a good thing they're holding off on full classes until Wednesday. Still, it's scary knowing there's a murderer on the loose."
“I can read lips. I watched you with your friends. It’s a nice name, it suits you rather well.”
He bore his blue eyes into Sherlock's silver-aqua ones. Gone was the posturing, the lust, the arrogance. John only saw sorrow and longing in them.
John laughed. "Oh yeah, that has to be it."
The decision was unanimous and Mr. Turing smiled. "Well, Stand By Me it is. I'm sure our talented group can come up with some decorations and designs. We'll meet next Friday after school right here. Thanks for coming everyone, and be safe going home."
The two boys got up and followed Richard and the doctor out the door. Doctor Jones led them down the hall to the ER wing, which was bustling with medical staff going in every direction. "Luckily it hasn't been too busy tonight," he said conversationally.
"Sorry. I guess the radio drowned out the sound of you knocking." He smiled at Sherlock, who didn't come to school today. "Feeling better?"
Sherlock had a retort on the tip of his tongue, but instead he said, “I’m going to get my session with The Captain.”
John's stomach was taught with dread but he eventually softly sat down in the chair next to him. He said nothing at first, just content to watch Sherlock sleep, seeing quiet breaths escape from his pink lips. Lips that just last night, were pressed to his with fevered lust. He shook his head trying to clear that image. He was just here to see for himself how he was, and then he would leave.
Sherlock just scowled at Greg, in too much pain to retort. He couldn't even sit down, it hurt too much even to do that.
Molly chuckled. "Dad's always been self-reliant."
Lucy smiled at her sibling's joke. "I'm just thankful there was no internal bleeding. He'll be extremely sore with his cracked ribs, but thank God that's all he has."
"Well Papa, do you like our Weeping Snow Angels? It was Daddy's idea. He didn't want to get all snowy so instead we comp'mized," Rosie explained.
John has lunch with Raquel and her husband and gets an invitation to join a veterans' support group. Jim finds another "date." Irene and Molly confront Sherlock over his visit to their office and getting John's info.
, she bitterly thought.
Sherlock glared at his sister, who stood in the doorway of his bedroom. "What do you want?"
As Gordie made his drink, he began to talk. "This place is popular with well-to-do businessman. They come here while they're traveling for work, have some drinks, eat a meal, and talk, especially once you get some alcohol in them. It's like truth serum."
Sherlock sighed, a little too dramatic for John's liking. "As you wish John."
While waiting for the paramedics, Harold had started to relay some of what had occurred prior to him leaving the house. He had said "intruder, big knife, all black, scary mask, hit him with flour, letter opener, defended myself, we fought, I ripped off mask, I know him, I was shocked..."
"Yeah. Get better soon, and please, no more drugs okay?" John gave him a hopeful, pleading glance.
John melted into Sherlock, sighing happily that his spouse loved his token of affection. "You are going to be the best beekeeper that England has ever seen."
"Love you too." He turned and she watched him leave. She sighed and leaned against the siding of the house, feeling a little guilty she didn't tell him she accepted a ride from Mycroft, but Mycroft was nothing like Carl. She'd have to tell him tomorrow. She wanted no secrets between them.
Mike handed John a cup of water, and he took a big drink before continuing. "Before we begin the Q&A, I want to make an announcement and you're the first ones to hear it publicly."
*****
In just seconds, it was total mayhem. Jim heard Big Seb scream and fall to the ground. Little Seb cried out “You goddamn psycho!” and took off running. He saw Eurus standing over the greaser, holding up a bloody switchblade and smiling that unnerving smile.
"She's taken to you so quickly," John murmured. "I think it's wonderful." He grinned down at Brett. "And how are you young man?"
Sebastian laughed. "I'll say."  He opened his textbook up, where a loose sheet with a detailed drawing of a typical omega's reproductive system was in the middle. He scratched his head. "I dunno, maybe I don't want to know all the parts."
Gene spoke up again. "Jesus Christ. Was that really the killer?"
Irene kissed her again. "Sounds wonderful darling. Let's go."
Sherlock's heading to LA! This will be the start of his redemption but he'll still be a deducing smart ass because that's how we love him.
Molly's eyes widened with fear as she saw him raise up his right arm, hand morphed into a closed fist...
"Transference," John quietly remarked.
I will. Goodbye," Sherlock said before ending the call.
*****
"Well, it's none of our concern. Hey, how long is it before you have to pick Evie up from nursery?" Victor asked.
"Stuff it fatso," Sherlock spat, sliding down so his long feet hung off the edge.
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Richard began to wring his hands. "Psychiatric evaluation?"
John grinned like a loon. "Ah yeah, I definitely got some passionate fan mail about that. Well, even though she was a cold-blooded bloodsucker, Miranda Morstan was really and truly in love with Harrison, and he had feelings for her too despite everything she'd done. But remember, Benedict was ready to drive the stake through her heart but decided he couldn't go through with it, because he cared about Harrison too much and felt it would destroy their friendship. Harrison was the one good thing in his life and he didn't want to mess it up. Now, I'm going to reveal something---I was planning an epilogue where Benedict's brother Mark had tracked Miranda to Ireland and killed her, setting her on fire and throwing her charred corpse into the sea. But I felt ending it with Harrison visiting Benedict in the hospital and telling him nothing or no one was ever going to tear them apart again was a good place to leave it."
"John, would you like to come with me tomorrow, for moral support? I mean, Janine, Sarah, and Sally will be there, but I'm still a bit nervous and would feel more comfortable with you there, since you're bonded too." Molly quietly suggested.
John instantly knew what she meant. As an Army doctor, he did have some who seemed to get aroused during an examination. "Were you an actual nurse?" he asked.
It began to rain harder, but John didn't care. Not when he had a warm flat, a loving mate, and an adorable daughter waiting for him. Yes, things were finally working out, and it was great.
"Really?" John asked. "On the news this morning they said the storm was going to miss London."
As the boys glanced around, a stream of water shot out from the side of a small cabana and hit Carl directly in the back. "Jesus fucking Christ!" he hollered as icy liquid engulfed him.
Jim softly kissed Sebastian on the lips as he slept, then he closed the bedroom door. It had been a good day for his boyfriend, and Sebastian had retired early, after a dinner of takeaway Thai and a quick workout, before going to bed and settling in with a book on Vietnam.
"Whoever he is, he's hiding his psychosis very well and appears normal in town," Lucy speculated.
Sherlock broke the staredown by smiling. John secretly thought he looked ridiculous. “Well, it’s been fun John, but I guess I should get back home. My family went to some dull little country club dance and I want to have some time to myself before they get back and start bothering me. He motioned towards his bike. “Are you sure you don’t want to take a little ride? Maybe you can come home with me for a while. I have a lot of interesting experiments I can show you. How do you feel about the violin?”
"My name is Kitty Reilly. I'm a reporter for
John returned to work after spending a wonderful Christmas with his parents and sister. Harry had brought her new girlfriend Clara to meet the family. John really liked her. She was a quiet brunette with a good sense of humor. His mom had asked him if he'd found someone special yet and John said no, he was concentrating on school and work and one day he'd find somebody. Instantly he thought of the handsome curly-haired customer but just as quickly shed the image out of his mind. He had a boyfriend, and John's attempt at friendliness had backfired.
The officer looked down at the man writhing on the ground. "Oh yes. Carl Powers. A thug and a brute. Likes to show off his muscle. He's spent many a time in a cell." He looked back at John. "So, was it like the lady said?"
*****
Greg saw red. "He WHAT?"
The two fell silent as Sherlock led John through the sitting room and into the airy kitchen. Nearly everything was done in bee decor - the towels, the canisters, the large rugs in front of the stove and sink, and on the walls, the same artwork of bees, honeycombs, and purple flowers.  There was a section of wall between the double oven and countertop with the words "The Sweet Life" done in black script stencil.
Hypocrites. That's what the killer kept saying. The town was full of hypocrites. Why Carl though? Sure, Dave thought, he was a bully, using his size to intimidate others. He chased after girls whether they wanted the attention or not. Did Carl have a run in with the killer prior to his murder and they exacted revenge?
Tired of watching his spouse, he left his chair and jumped in, grateful the pool was heated. He let his body get used to the water, then he pushed his curls away from his forehead, eyes searching for John. He saw him at the other end, waving and smiling. Sherlock immediately swam to him, wrapping his long arms and legs around him, greeting him with a passionate kiss.
. This version was going to be futuristic and modern so prospective dancers were asked to show off less traditional routines. Mycroft Holmes, the show's composer, and his husband, Greg Lestrade-Holmes, the producer, were at the theater along with Mycroft's brother Sherlock, well-known ballet dancer and star, who would be playing fairy king Oberon. Sherlock's friend and co-star Irene Adler, playing Puck, were also there to help Mycroft and Greg judge and select dancers for call backs.
We're back with Sherlock and John as university students. Fall break has arrived and the two have chosen to spend the first week of it on campus. It's raining so they are nice and dry in their dorm just enjoying being with each other.
"Do you want some water?" Jeremy asked.
It wasn't long before Sherlock was in front of Baker Street Brew, and the butterflies filled his stomach again. He took a deep breath, putting on his patented steely face, and opened the door.
Henry was nearly finished his comic when Sebastian walked into the room. The older boy grinned madly upon seeing his boyfriend. "Hey babe," he called to him.
Less than a minute later Sherlock replied.
"Well, if that's what you want to do, but be careful," Harry said.
"You sure Mrs. H?" John asked.
The car sat parked on a side street a few blocks away from the community center, radio tuned into the sock hop broadcast. The person in the vehicle gripped the steering wheel tightly, anger boiling inside like a pot of bubbling water on a stove. All the hypocrites were inside having fun, dancing their cares away. It wouldn't be long before dancing turned to screaming, and the real fun would begin.
*****
Sherlock snorted. "I'm sure Mycroft will love having me rendered helpless like a baby, the fat, irritating, pompous git."
"I'm very serious John. You're giving Sherlock a run for his money."
He motioned for them to follow him into the kitchen. "You guys hungry or thirsty?"
John waved at the two ladies, and went back to his flat to wait for Victor, putting on his brown leather jacket. John had decided to keep things more casual, wearing a maroon jumper over a plaid shirt, paired with dark wash jeans and comfy brown loafers. It was a far cry from his Captain outfits, but John lived for cozy jumpers and well-worn trousers, especially after a day of dominating clients in heavy combat boots and camouflage that sometimes wasn't the most comfortable.
All to soon, the bell rang, which meant lunch was over and John would head to his two final classes, English, and chemistry. Then he would go home and get some rest, and then head to work. It was going to take some time adjusting to a routine now that summer vacation was done, but he was actually glad to get back into it, and even more glad to be playing football again. Anything to take his mind off these awful murders and creepy phone calls.
John nodded and watched him stealthily creep towards the hallway. John stood still, like a petrified tree, clutching the bat and saying silent prayers that he and Hal and his mom would be safe.
The radio was playing "Sleepwalk" by Santo & Johnny, its sleepy, introspective guitars perfectly matching the mood of the sky. Sherlock took a long puff, the feeling and smell of the nicotine relaxing his mind and body.
Mycroft pursed his lips and went to face her. "I was only doing him a favor. The last thing we need is another life gone because of your obsessions."
Sherlock couldn't take his eyes off the short blond in the French maid's uniform walking with a woman that was definitely his sister and another woman that was the sister's girlfriend. He like himself, definitely didn't want to be here, judging by the look on his face, but there was something interesting about him. It also didn't hurt he was good-looking, and his muscular legs were a complete contrast against the flirty delicateness of the maid's outfit.
*****
Mike could only grin at the two idiots.
"That's pretty nasty," Dave admitted. "Why didn't you report it to us?"
Greg nodded. "Yeah. Let the techs and the photographer do their job first, then you get carte blanche to inspect the body. Okay?"
With a broad eerie smile on his face, Jim pulled out his scalpel, bent over the unconscious man, and began to slice through the fake bronze of flesh that covered his throat, humming one of his favorite songs, "Staying Alive." Well, this poor sap wouldn't be staying alive for long. And when the bright crimson red blood began to ooze from the deep cut, Jim grinned even harder.
“Anyway, one night Harry sliced up her leg trying to sneak out. She jumped out of her window and landed on the bin. It would have been funny if there wasn’t so much blood. Dad was passed out so Harry’s girlfriend Kate and I carried her back into the house. Kate was training to be a vet and she showed me how to do a couple of basic stitches. It came in handy. Dad was always falling down the steps or tripping through the sliding glass door to the back garden.”
“Sherlock?” It should be noted, having just woken up, John was rather more daft than usual. I hadn’t seen the need to respond. I buried myself deeper under the covers. They smelled of John.
While on the fishing trip, the husband had been thrown overboard in the storm, and upon finding the ship dashed against the coastline he discovered the bodies of two coworkers. However, three of the ship’s inhabitants had remained relatively unscathed: The husband, his lover, and another man who in his years of gambling had garnered a substantial debt. All three saw the wreck as an opportunity to start a new life, assuming they would be reported either as dead or missing.
Sherlock expected John to note the gruesomeness of the injury and the morbidity of wanting to see it. He was already formulating a counterargument. Though he was not sure where it would begin he knew it would end with,
, as the name would imply involves several elements of the
The man from security recounted the night the victim was killed in startling clarity. Clarity can neither prove nor disprove innocence. More often than not, lies hold more details than the truth. When locking up the office space the man glance to the window of the would-be-victim. As he recounts it, the window had been obscured by a thick curtain. However, the face of a man aged between thirty-five and forty glanced out. The security guard described the man as ‘gaunt’. The two had caught eyes for a moment before the curtain was drawn again. This was around 1 a.m. Upon finishing his shift, while exiting the building the security guard recalled looking up to the same window, finding his view now unobscured and two figures silhouetted.
I needed to collect more data before initiating anything. I sacrificed time which I would normally spend reading new chemistry or forensic science journal articles on my laptop to sit with John and watch what he referred to as ‘crap’ telly. People hug a lot on crap telly. I kept notes on the events which occurred prior to and preceding the hug, in an attempt to determine the perfect time for myself to implement this.
I wanted to stop my experimentation regarding the relationship between John and myself, as I theorised further advancement would be treacherous. However, last night I saw no other alternatives but to push our boundaries once more. As I’ve stated (see ‘
“If it were anyone else I would stick it together with superglue and call it a day. But you're a bit of a health and safety hazard.” Sherlock shot John a pointed look but nodded, indicating for him to continue.
“So was my father. After mum died he just-” John let out another puff of breath finishing the stitch with a knot and leaning back examining a stain on the ceiling as if the spot held an answer.  Sherlock suddenly hated his position on the floor, feeling like the space between himself and John was a mile. He felt small.
“You can do it at home.” Compromise. Drab magazine articles were always stating the importance of compromise in relationships. He supposed that was what he was meant to do in this situation. The resigned sagging of John’s shoulders told Sherlock not all magazine articles were useless.
This morning, John woke around nine and found me at my microscope in the kitchen. He mumbled out a sleepy ‘morning,’ and turned on the kettle as was our usual routine. It was my time to break routine. I rose from my chair, strode over to John, and gave him a hug.
The next piece of the puzzle stared up at me from John’s notebook. ‘I am unknowable’. Given the nature of our scavenger hunt thus far I found the next logical place to search annoyingly simple. The theme of today’s case, as the reader has likely already noted is ciphers and cryptography. Therefore, with my expansive knowledge of out of the way topics, regarding my work, it was simple to guess. Ask yourself reader, what is an unknowable cipher likely to be found in an antique bookstore?
I did none of these things. Instead, I was idiotically, frustratingly, illogically human.
Before John, that was how Sherlock would have fixed it. It was, as he had been informed, a ‘short term fix’. Sherlock was living proof you could get through life fixing bullet holes with Band-Aids. Ignoring his twenties, when he had experienced several nasty bouts of sepsis in quick succession which had left him in A&E for over a month. Maybe, Sherlock conceded, John was good for him.
Moreover, if there is an indication that the wedding ring was removed post-mortem such as the lack of a tan or an indentation on the ring finger it indicates that the ring had value in the eyes of the killer. Whether the ring had a monetary value or a sentimental one would remain to be seen. There isn’t enough information in this scenario to discuss crime, motives, and the victim in-depth as it would lead to conjecture. However, it does illustrate the importance of exploring the lack of
These are all parts of the established norm. However, it appears John has become more relaxed on his boundaries. While eating together at a Chinese restaurant with a particularly satisfactory looking doorknob, we found ourselves crushed together in a table at the far corner of the room. It was a busy night. Normally John would suggest we eat somewhere else but tonight he didn’t. His knee spent the night firmly pressed up against my own and never once did he appear uncomfortable. To my own surprise, I found the sensation pleasing. This was new.
I was contacted by a young woman who wished for John and me to visit her mother’s home in Cornwall as she claimed to be experiencing a ‘haunting’ by her late husband. The husband in question was said to have died two years prior while on a fishing trip with a handful of work colleagues. He and four others had gathered their money together to buy a fishing boat. This seemed odd as the man worked a well enough paid job to afford the costs on his own. However, discussion with the wife revealed the man to be frugal to the point of avarice.
In the condition I found the crime scene, the dining room table had been set. Three plates of half-eaten food sat stinking on the table accompanied by flies in every stage of their life cycle including a startling amount of the dead and dying. The body at the scene of the crime matched neither the description of the attractive young woman or the thin older man. The victim was around fifty. He was large in stature and had the broad body of a man who had spent his life doing physically demanding work.  Perhaps he worked in construction. I found traces of dried cement on the underside of his boots. He had multiple stab wounds to both the chest and abdomen. The wounds suggested the victim’s assailant was shorter than he was, as the knife wounds had been in an upward motion. It was possible the gaunt man and young woman were the killers but something about the crime scene appeared off.
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” John spoke, examining the gash.
So was it my own boundaries and ideologies shifting or was John an exception to my rules? At first, I attempted to mimic the close proximity John and I share with others. Firstly, the idea of even standing in the same room as my brother is almost unbearable, so nothing’s changed there. At a crime scene, I stood beside Lestrade, instead of John. This also wasn’t very pleasant, though I suspect it had more to do with my distance from John, not my proximity to the inspector. The turning point was Mrs. Hudson.
In the early days, the nights where John couldn’t sleep were spent with him sitting in his armchair, reading a mystery novel while I played the violin. On his bad nights, he didn’t even mind me plucking away at the strings. He is the only person who I can’t deter simply through the use of the violin. This was another experiment, which I may detail on another day.
Sherlock knew he should do something. To his deep frustration, he couldn’t work out what. Reciprocal emotional vulnerability seemed to be the best course of action. Sherlock was good at playing parts. He was good at observing people, knowing what needed to be done to present as normal, and fabricating a lie to suit. He wasn’t good at being himself and being vulnerable.
The bloodstains on the carpet were three days old, suggesting the victim had died in the room, slowly bleeding out on the carpet but how did no one hear him? While I had been pacing the room, taking in the conflicting data and trying to piece together what had happened John was in the far corner of the room scuffing his feet against the carpet. He turned to look at me and pointed down.
’ was my flatmate John Watson.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was then I remembered John’s sleeping habits when it came to the long list of girlfriends he had since I made his acquaintance. He stays the night at their house and they have sex but they never sleep together. He comes back to Baker Street with a sore neck and a barely perceptible limp from sleeping on their sofa.
“It’s fine Sherlock, get some sleep.”
Out of frustration, I took his hand and pulled him close to my side making him match my own steps. This action had caught Inspector Lestrade’s eye and he gave John a puzzled and concerned look. Lestrade silently asked John a question John didn’t understand. I understood Lestrade’s look clearly but ignored him. He was asking if I was using again. Typical.
This meant little to me at first. Obviously, it was a message but what did it mean? In the end, it was John who recognised the words as a quote from Sun Tzu’s The Art of War, a piece of literature which was important enough for me to have not entirely deleted from my memory but not so important that I should be able to quote it. Again, John’s military background saved us some time. Though with it being the twenty-first-century, he really only saved us a
Over my time undercover, I became close to one of the dockworkers and discovered they were using a fake name, with their real name exactly matching the initials inscribed on the lighter. I was remarkably glad this evidence came when it did as I was beginning to suspect the man wished to advance our relationship. Over the years, I’ve become remarkably adept at faking ordinary human relationships but when possible I avoid romance as they can be tedious and messy.
I fear my infrequent reading of John’s blog has begun to show in my own writing as upon rereading this entry my account seems overly sentimental and unconcerned with the facts of the Method of Loci. This technique is not meant to be an emotional one which has led me to think I may need to continue practicing the technique myself. Perhaps I will write a more accurate account at a later date.
Upon remembering the mug, Sherlock had an oddly comforting thought. Skulls and mugs could be fixed in the same way, with John’s hands. They were the same hands that were now tinkering away at the gash on his head.
’. He drinks at least two cups of tea every day. He hates my brother almost as much as I do. Sometimes he hums in the shower. He hasn’t been on a date in over two months and has a truly horrid taste in women. He’s just as much of a dick as I am, he’s just better at hiding it.
‘Has something happened?’ John asked me, looking as perplexed by the hug as I was by his question. Did something have to happen in order for me to hug him? Had I gotten it wrong? It appeared probable. Perhaps he assumed this hug was more indicative of terminal illness or a death in the family but how had I gotten it wrong?
Within the mind palace, John’s door leads to the sitting room of my childhood home. This room holds more asinine cases that are either rudimentary to my work, or cases that fascinated me as a child. A pair of trainers has found a permanent place on the entrance mat and beneath it, an old Polaroid of the World’s Fair Hotel.
“Is this okay?” I felt like an idiot. John had laughed a long, shoulder-shaking baritone laugh.
“You do,” John’s voice was stern. His hand tugged on the back of Sherlock’s jacket, forcing the taller man to stop.
All in all, it was a simple, yet refreshing case. It’s nice to have a change of scenery, plus the case kept John and myself busy enough not to dwell on the more sentimental matters between the two of us.
Sherlock chuckled. "Don't be. He's in a French jail. He was wanted for check fraud."
"You can count on me," John said.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile at the sight. John looked right at home in the shop. He began walking towards him.
Mrs. Hudson's dress, which is more conservative since she's older, but still has a little fun and sass to it:
Greg gave her a sharp look. "Things are cool between Molly and Mycroft. He leaves her alone and when they talk, it's quick and cordial. So don't try and make something that wasn't there to begin with. You're just pissed that I wasn't devastated by our breakup and I'm dating a so-called nerd. Concentrate on your own life and stop trying to screw with mine."
"I hope things will be better from now on. I can't keep John from missing school to avoid Sherlock and they're bound to have classes together---I just hope your son will respect my son's boundaries," Wanda said firmly.
A knock at the door interrupted her train of thought, and she got up to answer it. It was Hal. "Hi Wanda."
"Shut up," Sherlock hissed, but there was no heat or anger in his words.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand again. "Lord knows I'm not the easiest person to be with either. I have a temper and it can flare up in a second. I still have nightmares from my time in the army. But I think it's worth the risk don't you? That's what life is about, taking risks. Sometimes those risks pay off. I think this will be one of them."
The shit is beginning to hit the fan!!!
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her. "Don't even ask." And with that, he stomped away, leaving Eurus to shrug her shoulders. She shifted the book she was carrying,
"John, if you could sweep up the store room, and Molly, wipe down the picnic tables and clean the windows. When Mike and Molly get here, they can help me take inventory and figure out what we need. Dave Tennant and his wife were kind enough to offer cups, plastic ware, and napkins, since any orders I place won't be ready for Sunday," Martha replied. "I'll be going to Speedy's in a little bit to pick everything up, and Ella's going to come and help me."
He stopped to take a breath, and some audience members laughed. Sherlock chuckled softly.
As John watched the skies, he didn’t see a sleek black motorcycle with purple flames park next to his car. He didn’t see a lean, muscular figure dressed in a black leather jacket, black T-shirt and tight blue jeans get off with the grace of a ballet dancer and remove his black helmet, revealing slicked back dark hair, curling at the nape of his neck. He didn’t see the boy’s breathtakingly beautiful face turn to his, and he didn’t see his ethereal multi-colored eyes stare at him with the fire of a thousand burning suns. He didn’t see Sherlock Holmes staring...and
John looked up at Sherlock, still with that threatening smile on his face. "I'm waiting for an explanation. I've only met you twice now, and I already know how much you like to talk. So, talk."
Greg was silenced by Sherlock's icy glare. "Sorry," he apologized, putting his hands up. "What do you want to know?"
Sherlock's face turned even paler and he gripped the phone tightly. "Oh God John."
"No one has called me beautiful, or much of anything, as much as you do," Sherlock whispered.
John glanced in Sherlock's direction. The man seemed to have his focus on a young redheaded woman wearing a powder blue strapless silk dress and glittery gold heels, swaying seductively close to the bar.
A few minutes later, John emerged from his office. Sherlock saw him and smiled sweetly at his husband. He didn't look tired today, and had ear buds on which were plugged into his phone. He appeared to be in a good mood, humming a song.  John caught Sherlock's eye and returned his smile. He took his earbuds out and set his phone down on the coffee table. "Hey," he greeted softly.
Eurus thankfully, had been quiet the rest of the evening, and retired to her room. She was no doubt reflecting on her actions where Sheridan was concerned. Mycroft had expressed concern for his friend Henry, but glad he was safe with his mom and boyfriend.
Auditions for dancers were being held at the Stamford Theater in London for
"I'll be fine, thank you." To prove her point, he sat back down next to Sherlock, who frowned at his mother. "I'm not going to hurt him Mother. Not anymore."
"I love you too." Sherlock pressed another kiss to John's hair and John slowly made his way to their bedroom.
John rolled his eyes and typed back.
Sherlock held up the glass. "My name is Sherlock Holmes. I'm assisting on a case at Scotland Yard, a suspected poisoning. This glass was found at the victims' home. It has pink residue on the bottom and the moron of a forensic examiner they have working for them insists it's leftover grit from the strawberry milk that was inside it. I figured a pharmacist could easily explain what this residue actually is, and since you are a doctorate of pharmacy and a former Army Captain, you aren't as stupid as most people."
I was frustrated, annoyed, and overall just bloody tired. I felt like shooting the walls just to hear the echoes of a deafening crack and add to the entropy of the system which was Baker Street. I felt like throwing something out a window just to watch the perfect parabola of its trajectory. I wanted to scream. I felt like doing drugs. Before John, I likely would have. Yet this time he was the cause of my frustration, the case I was yet to crack. How could one balance the possibility of wanting something, with the reality of having it when the likely outcome would just be losing it?
As expected, today there were no cases, at least, none of which required leaving the flat. It was insufferable. The sudden cold weather also caused the emergence of John’s most garish jumper. The only thing more annoying and distracting than the biting chill of single-digit temperatures was John’s blue and green striped sweater. If kindling is needed for the fireplace I know what I’ll use first.
Upon returning to Baker Street, I was met by a disapproving and flustered John. I’m not sure why he was surprised, as I’m often neglectful of things which don’t hold my interests and told him as much. This didn’t go well.  John had spoken a few choice words, too vulgar to repeat, taken his coat, and exited the flat.
Sherlock had curled into his armchair and pressed his fingers to the hallow of his own wrist. As he had suspected, his pulse was elevated.
By this time, John had caught up to them and in an instant, he was once again a soldier. He captured the man’s hands, locked his head in place, and forced him face-first into the pavement. Sherlock noted John adding more pressure than he would deem necessary but thought nothing more of it. The rest of the scene unfolded as expected, Scotland Yard eventually caught up and arrested the man before leaving Sherlock and John to their own devices. John’s hands found their way to the side of Sherlock’s head, briefly getting side-tracked in his hair before coming to the back of Sherlock’s neck. It was a gesture Sherlock identified as a blood sweep, common military protocol. John Watson, ever the army doctor.
“Surely you’ve realised that.”
Translation into 中文 available:
At first, John looked startled and I worried I’d done something wrong but after a beat, he agreed to join. We’re both still unsure of how to navigate our newfound relationship. We didn’t have sex. That is a topic neither of us is yet to broach. I’m not ‘shy’ about sex as a topic, but sex with John is different. John is also hesitant to broach the subject as I suspect his limited interest in men has only ever been theoretical.
Before I detail to you the events which occurred over the time since I last updated you, I wish to state that my actions were perfectly logical and well-founded. I was ‘missing’ for three days. I use the word ‘
When it came to falling in love, Sherlock Holmes cared less about the ‘how’ and more about the ‘when’. He understood basic neurochemistry. It was a simple reaction of hormones, neurons, and receptors. He had thought himself to be above such base human drives. Regrettably, his emotions always were his weakness.
Furthermore, after over a year of living from pay-check to pay-check and town to town, the husband and his new companion found themselves wishing for the stability they once had. It was then the husband remembered his supply of money, tucked beneath his wife’s mattress and returned to spy on the house, waiting for the right moment to collect it. This of course was when the wife spotted her supposedly dead husband and had assumed him to be a ghost.
Upon arriving home I removed my coat and scarf, noting a small fleck of blood on my shoe. John and I still smelled of death. It isn’t uncommon for the two of us to come home smelling like decay. One of us tends to loiter on the landing while the other takes the first shower but today, reflecting on the new possibilities opened by the two of us being a couple I asked John if he wanted to join me.
This room was soundproof and a bloodstained curtain was piled in the corner. The corpse had never disappeared from the flat. The scene held a startling resemblance to stage magic. The room was a mirror-box and the body was the object which appeared to disappear and re-appear at the will of the killers but it wasn’t a trick of disappearance. Instead, it was a transfiguration. Older bloodstains in the room didn’t match the blood of the victim and it was too old to belong to the young woman or the gaunt man. It was the blood of the fourth dinner guest. People have the habit of stopping after three.
42.22.52.51.34.53.34.25.14.22.11.54.55
It was not my first line of thought. I would have spent much more time on the case if it had not been for John’s line of questioning. Yes, I still would have solved the case upon talking to one of the victim’s partners as obvious guilt could be established in their body language, but it would have taken longer. Human emotions always were more John’s area. His line of questioning has been invaluable to me within many of the cases we have worked together.
“You alright?” John asked at his elbow.
With a current lack of cases, today has found me sprawled on the sofa, contemplating this deduction of absence and the observation of negative space. John has spent his day out of the flat. After yesterday’s experiment, I can’t help but wonder if this absence is somehow my doing.
His theory was completely wrong, as they often are but it did point me in the right direction. Let us suppose, dear reader that all the contradictory evidence is in fact true. The flat belonged to the murdered man and yet most mornings it was briefly occupied by a young woman and on the night of the flat owner’s murder, there had been a gaunt man in the apartment. That night there had been a dinner party where at least one of the patrons had been poisoned but before the poison had time to take effect the man had been stabbed several times, before being left to bleed to death. Come the next morning, the body, the curtains and so it would seem, the carpet disappeared and left in their place was an unbothered young woman sipping tea at a breakfast bar and waving at the man from the sales department. The only supposition which needs to be disregarded is that there were three people in the apartment that night. Disregard that and the whole thing slides into place.
Of course, he noted the signs, which pointed to a lack of a struggle. There was no skin under the victim’s nails and despite the deep lacerations, likely caused by some kind of rope or twine, there were little signs of thrashing. The injuries had occurred before death, John had confirmed as much. Were they unconscious? No. No drugs detected in the toxicology report. The victim had willingly been restrained. After their death, the body had been placed back in their bed, tucked under the covers. There was nothing malicious about that. It was, in a twisted way, loving. The pillowcase over the head, guilt. The body was placed somewhere they were likely to be found, in the apartment they shared with three other university students. It couldn’t be premeditated, too idiotic, and why the broken ribs?
“I don’t,” He replied stubbornly.
John and I were standing before the body of a twenty-something law student. I’m not one for embellishments but it must be noted that the death was gruesome. There were lacerations to the wrists, ankles, and neck of the body. The victim had four broken ribs and their face was covered by a pillowcase. The cause of death was asphyxiation. At first, I supposed the crime to be one of passion, a violent crime motivated by revenge or anger. The student’s body was found in their apartment building but it was clear they had died elsewhere. There was no sign of forced entry.
The toxicology reports suggested the man had ingested a fatal dose of arsenic less than half an hour before his death. Further investigation revealed the food left on the table also had traces of arsenic. If the man hadn’t bled to death, he would likely have died due to the poisoning. Then why, one had to ask, had he been stabbed? Who goes to the trouble of hiding poison in food only to stab someone moments after? Also, why did each plate of food contain arsenic? Were there two more bodies to be found and if not, had the scene been set after the death of the body to confuse police? It truly was a beautiful crime scene.
As self-help books and medical practitioners are quick to point out, an addict is always an addict. Generally, I’m the type to disregard idioms as baseless, but in this instance, I find myself begrudgingly agreeing with the sentiment. It should come as no surprise to those who are interested in my personal life outside the realms of logical theorems, deductive reasoning, and cases that I’ve struggled with my own addictions. This has been mentioned in newspapers with an attempt to discredit my work to little avail.
It was too heartfelt. Of course, not as heartfelt and cliché as the three other words I considered. Those would make matters too concrete.
This is not part of government protocol. The agents cleaned up the scene as best they could, wrapping the man’s body in the curtain, cutting up the carpet, and removing the food from the table, hiding the evidence in the small room behind the mirror. Two of the agents fled the country that night, leaving false trails and trying to avoid suspicion while the young woman stayed behind for long enough to let their trail run cold. When the time was right, she set the scene again and disappeared herself, hoping to confuse the police with the contradicting stories, also placing poison in the other plates of food and removing the man’s teeth, making it more difficult for him to be identified by dental records.
*****
"I'm going back to John's then," he announced.
"Anyone have any ideas?" Mr. Turing asked when the hoopla died down.
Before he could turn towards the track, Sherlock gently grabbed him, and before John could react or say anything, Sherlock placed a soft kiss on his lips. "I really like you John Watson."
I'm quickly getting good feedback on this story, so thank you!
Sherlock sounded like such a cool guy. Why would he be interested in John of all people, a short, silver-haired run-of-the-mill retiree? It made no sense to him. Unless he thought John's medical knowledge and skills meant he wouldn't find Sherlock's interests in cadavers and murders freaky. John wasn't one to be squeamish, and he loved watching true crime documentaries and Midsomer Murders.
*****
Sherlock longingly watched him head for the back where the lounge rooms were. He wanted to follow, but something held him back. Mycroft saw his brother whisper something to Anthea, who nodded and walked in John's direction. He narrowed his eyes and cocked his head. What was Mycroft up to?
John actually arrived back at six twenty-nine. "Hi love! Want me to call Angelo's and place our order for the usual?" he asked as he entered the living room.
John was nonplussed. "So that's the deduction thing your brother and sister warned me about. You're absolutely right. Why don't we talk more about it over fish and chips?"
*****
"Me too, but we'd be drier than a couple of prunes," Sherlock said with a chuckle. "Let's get out and have a nap before dinner. Do you want to stay here and eat or go out?"
"It shouldn't be long. Why don't you get back on the sofa and I'll bring it to you when it's ready. I want to see your poster for the dance."
Greg laughed. "John your costume is great too."
Greg knew the real reason why Mycroft and he attended every year. His husband on the outside was the cool and collected British government, but on the inside, he was sexually adventurous, always wanting to try new things, and the guests had lots of advice when it came to the bedroom. Both men benefited extremely from that advice.
The couple sharply turned towards Clarence. "Yes, we're looking for Harry and Clarence Winstead."
John jumped out of his chair, startled, but he did manage to grab his phone that was in his drawer, turning on the flashlight app. He was about to send a text to Sherlock, but then he realized that it was only one-thirty in the afternoon, and a Wednesday. The power outages were only occurring on Thursday and Sunday evenings, typically between ten and one in the morning. A cold shiver crept up John's spine. Was the killer changing their pattern?
"If it had been just one of them, I doubt they'd be alive," Hal sadly commented.
"Don't push me," Eurus growled.
Jim was on top and rapidly thrusting into her. "Damn Eurus, you drive me crazy," he breathed, hands tangled in her thick dark hair, mouth latched onto her neck.
Sherlock snorted, and John sent him an icy glare. “I don’t want to hear a sound from you.”
"Psychotic killers never make sense," Jeremy pointed out.
"Absolutely. I think it will be a nice change of pace for John and I." He told her it was hers and it would be ready by the middle of September.
"Thanks Mom. So, how's the moving going?"
*****
Richard stopped to smile at Henry. "I'm really glad you're here. You're not only a comfort to me but to Sebastian."
John shook his head. "Not my place. It's on you and your family."
John flashed back to Harry, Clarence, and Mom talking to him about Sherlock's parents and their meeting with his mom and brother-in-law. He began to feel anxious. "I hope nothing's happened and we're not in trouble."
"So you'll let me solve this case." Sherlock's expression was now one of steely resolve.
"Mmm-hmm. Dad's working late, and Mom won't be home until tonight. You thinking what I'm thinking?" Sebastian nuzzled Henry's neck.
Molly's run-in with Carl Powers Sr. leads to an impromptu ice cream date at Speedy's, a weird feeling she can't shake, and a nighttime visitor.
"Yeah, that's a lot of rain daddy," Rosie said.
Rain pounded against the windows of the flat. Sherlock stood looking out the window while playing his violin. It was eerie to see hardly anybody on the streets below. Rosie was teething and not feeling well which led to some bouts of crying and sniffling. Sherlock had begun to play some lullabies, which always soothed her. It had taken some time, but Rosie eventually calmed down and fell asleep. Rosie's crib was in John's office, so Sherlock had her in a Pack and Play in the living room.
The two boys shook hands, and Mrs. Watson came outside. “Ready Johnny?”
"The glass was wiped clean of prints, and please call me Sherlock. Mr. Holmes is for my much older, irritating brother."
"You can use the one at the end of the bar," Gordie helpfully offered, pointing it out.
"I'd love to. I know a great Italian place on Baker Street. The owner is a friend of mine. I got him off on a murder charge and he gives me free meals," Sherlock interrupted, with a smile.
John smiled and patted Sherlock's knee. "I know exactly how you feel."
"Hi John."
Seconds later, A single spotlight suddenly lit up the center of the floor. John was kneeling, head down. The room was so silent if a pin dropped everyone could hear it.  The music started. A drum track, with deep, pulsing dark sounding synths followed. John quickly stood, hands in front of his face, fingernails painted black. A woman began to sing in a haunting monotone. John dramatically removed his hands. Some of the vampires gasped in arousal. With his black rimmed eyes, spiky blond hair, tanned muscular chest and abs showcasing his shiny silver dog tags, and the black cargo pants with studded belt draped low across his hips, the top of his red underwear peeking out, John looked like sinful pleasure.
"Relax Mom, everything will be fine. Don't worry. The both of you are going to have a swell time."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You heard the lady. Leave," John ordered steely.
"Well, that's part of the reason. I do want chicken parm," Rosie replied with a laugh.
Molly was so engrossed in her thoughts she didn't realize she and Mycroft were holding hands as they walked.
John was inside his homeroom at Culverton Smith High. He was looking at his schedule. His full roster of classes would start tomorrow. Today was a half-day. He would spend the first two hours in homeroom, then to an assembly discussing safety regarding last Saturday night's murders, and then the final hour, Coach Stewart would be meeting with the varsity football players in the gym to talk about how the games would be handled with curfew.
John pulled out his phone and fired off a quick text to Irene, saying he'd be at the office in a bit, he spotted someone he wanted to talk to first. Then he promptly crossed the street, and was soon standing in front of Sherlock, who had a mix of what could only be surprise, shock ---and lust --- on his handsomely chiseled face. The man with him was also surprised.
"Angelo!" Molly exclaimed and rushed to him. She gently hugged him, mindful of his injuries.
The group of omegas were sitting inside the large waiting room at Scandal Sheets. They were the only customers there.  The studio had special designated days just for omega photo shoots. A special protective security system was activated so non-bonded alphas wouldn't get a whiff of their scents and try and storm the building.
The girl knelt down behind both boys and using John's sunblock, rubbed it in on each of their backs. "I'm giving you a second dab, you're so pale you'll burn easily," she told Sherlock.
It was five minutes after twelve, and John was exiting the gym with Greg and Victor. The school day had come to an end and the three were talking about the assembly and football meeting.
"I'm not sure. I'm getting a creepy vibe from this car sitting across the street."
Sherlock went back in the bedroom. John was sleeping soundly despite being heavily congested, and he looked at peace. Sherlock smiled and let him be, and he went back to the kitchen, pulling some items from the fridge and various cabinets. Once he had everything assembled, he took out his phone and pulled up a link to the hot apple cider recipe Molly had sent him.
"Mmm, I can't wait to dive into that." Sylvia Hooper was well known around town for her dessert, a vanilla chiffon cake which had crushed pineapples and mandarin oranges mixed into the batter, topped with homemade sweet cream and more crushed pineapple. It had even won an award at a baking contest several years back.
Sherlock continued to deduce as he watched John drop to the floor, writhing sensually to the music, his golden skin developing a glistening sheen under the spotlight. He knew he was military and had either served in Afghanistan or Iraq. He was definitely not a professional dancer, so someone had talked him into doing this, most likely a friend or family member---a sibling. But he had been doing this long enough to hone his craft and he was extremely confident in performing in front of an audience. He also wasn't afraid of vampires. He'd gotten them to respect him to the point they wouldn't hurt him.
"You better get back. I intend to spend all morning in this bed with my beautiful omega and fiance. " Sherlock declared.
"Why did you allow the female vampire to escape at the end of
"Mr. Auden likes you Mom. He told me so the last time I was at church. He told me I had a very pretty mother."
Gordie smiled wanly. "I suppose you believe the culprit visited The Blue Moon?"
He smiled sympathetically. "I have an older sister so I know what it feels like. Tries to run my life even though hers is a mess." He then laughed nervously. "Sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Not professional."
They walked a little slower these days, but both were still in excellent shape for their ages.
The former detective and the former blogger were beyond thrilled to hear the name. "Well, I couldn't not name him after the two men that gave me a wonderful home with lots of love and did a wonderful job of raising me. I did want Oliver in there, but he wanted one of the names after his dad." She gazed over at her husband with total love.
"Let's just move your sleepover inside the flat. We can use my old room. We can create a fort with the bedding, we can still make smores, you can still do all the things you planned to do, just indoors. And another time, you can have another sleepover on the roof."
This chapter is a spinoff of Chapter Two and Chapter Thirteen.
"Greg and Molly exchanged exasperated glances. "I put Sadie down for a nap just twenty minutes ago! I can't believe she got out of bed that fast, went into our room and grabbed a lipstick!" Molly said, shaking her head in disbelief.
"I can't believe John wouldn't press charges," Susan Powers spoke.
John just chuckled. "No silly, although that can come later. I want you to dance with me."
The bomb squad had found a suspicious pail in the back of the building, in a corner that was designated for smokers. It was a standard lunch pail, black, that had a white skull and crossbones sticker on it. When it was carefully opened, a stick of dynamite was inside, a clock tied to it, but they determined it was fake. After checking the inside, it was deemed safe to return. However, the law firm decided to close for the day and sent everyone home. The clinic's office manager also decided to close, but not before appointments were rescheduled and the rooms cleaned and sterilized.
Sherlock smirked. "Am I that much of a distraction?" He cheekily placed a hand on John's right thigh.
“Eighteen feet,” John breathed finally seeming to understand.
While writing up this recount of the case with my knowledge of the events which come after finding this piece of paper I can see it for the innocuous scribble it was. However, I will admit at the time the note sent a shiver down my spine as I looked down at the address of
It’s common for me not to come home overnight or to be absent from the flat for a day or more. Where I miscalculated was in forgetting to inform John I was working on a case. I was contacted by a dockworker regarding a murder amongst their ranks. At the time, John was attending a weekend-long medical conference in Manchester. It sounded unbelievably boring and if anything I was irritated he had left me for such a half-witted affair.
The action was completely muscle memory. John’s eyes met Sherlock’s as he continued to sew his skin together. Sherlock imagined John replicating this precision during the blackest of nights in an Afghanistan desert. Sherlock had wondered if John would have met his eyes if the two men had been strangers or comrades in arms.
So, we showered together. John washed his hair while I huddled in a steam-filled corner of the shower and catalogued all the data the moment had to offer. John uses more conditioner than necessary, likes to shower with his back to the water, and has a small birthmark on his hip. All in all, it was an informative night.
When possible I avoid working on any more than one case at a time. My methods of solving cases require me to become absorbed in the details of the matter. When working on two at once, my ideas get muddled and the high I get from the solution of the matter is dulled. When focusing on one case the details of it slowly become clear as I gather data. It can be likened to a spool of thread unfurling in a perfect line from beginning to end, inertia in action. Adding more thread just tangles things. I see connections where connections don’t exist. Apophenia has no place in the realm of logical thinking.
- depending upon who you asked. His mother argued the former, his father, the latter. When all was said and done, the diagnosis would be the same. Anti-social personality disorder. Others would come to use these terms when referring to him, obviously not understanding the diagnosis was one and the same. Those who were quick to point fingers often didn’t know what they were talking about.
John has always been happy enough to share his things with me. He might gripe when I use his laptop or phone, but he never bothers to change his passwords or lock them away. So I assume he is at least neutral on sharing. He’s more than happy to share food. I believe this has more to do with his worries that I don’t eat enough than his affinity for generosity. He never gripes when I steal food from his plate, he just gives an amused smirk.
I pulled away from John, knowing I wouldn’t want to be touching him when I ruined everything. I didn’t want to feel the shift between having him and losing him occur beneath my fingertips. I wanted distance from it. The truth was the only way to solve the case. I had all the pieces of my part of the puzzle, but like all our cases, the puzzle was also John’s. He had his own invaluable information, which he couldn’t give without seeing the scope of the problem.
“Too many to count.”
A simple observation I made after my time living with John is that aside from our now commonplace adventures working for Scotland Yard and over-emotional Londoners, John is a creature of habit. He enjoys a cup of tea each morning while reading the paper or browsing online news sites. He enjoys milk in his tea. The exact colour of his ideal tea could be described as ‘warm tan’. This information was gathered from last month’s experiment. He also detests sugar in his tea. From there I formed two research questions.
The body had been found in the main room by the owner of the building in a mangled mess of blood and viscera. Descriptions from the owner of the building suggest the victim was the occupant of the flat. However, the victim’s name didn’t appear anywhere on police record. It was likely a fake name. Forensic evidence suggested the victim had been dead for three days. In these three days, none of the office workers in the adjacent building recalled seeing anything a miss. Quite the contrary, someone reported seeing a woman in the flat the morning after the crime.
.- .--. .--. . .- .-. / .-- . .- -.- / .-- .... . -. / -.-- --- ..- / .- .-. . / ... - .-. --- -. --.
’ there are several instances when hugs are appropriate. The first is for comfort. This often occurred after a character had found out something mind-numbingly stupid for the sake of television drama: their partner was cheating, they had a terminal illness, or some such event. The next type of hug happened after a love confession, which could be ruled out straight away and the last seemed to occur almost at random between two individuals who shared a close relationship. It seemed as though this final type of hug would most suit John and my own relationship. This didn’t help me much in determining when I was meant to initiate the hug. It often seemed like a placeholder for a hello or a goodbye. With this in mind, I attempted to use it as such.
Any original suspicions I had regarding my clients and their possible involvement with the government or more nefarious agencies were put to rest. As the more deeply my companion and I delved into the case, the more it felt like a children’s scavenger hunt. John, as always, was a little slow on the uptake and was quick to scribble out the encoded message. I have placed the encryption key within this text so that the readers are also able to decode the message. I hope this task will prove to be as trivial to you as it was to me.
Sherlock had become acquainted with the smell of blood from a young age. He recalled walking several miles from his parent’s country house to the adjacent farmland. One of the farm boys in his early twenties had taken a shine to the odd little seven-year-old who marched across the marshes at the crack of dawn wearing his brother’s too-large gumboots, asking questions people twice his senior would struggle to answer.
Since he left, I’ve had a lot of time for reflection. Despite being an expert in the deduction of human emotions and motivations, when these emotions regard myself I can often be shortsighted. Perhaps he thought I said he held little interest to me. But of course, this wasn’t what I meant. I meant the idiotic idea of having the ‘
I spent a few nights in an out of the way gambling den. I walked the line between being good enough at poker to appear to belong in such an establishment but not so good as to draw attention to myself. John has told me I have a propensity for showing off and poker is such a dull and unimaginative game. Yet, my conversations with the players did lead to some promising results.
He shut his eyes and rested his head on my shoulder. This was another action to add to the list of ‘things John is now okay with doing’. It seems to be growing by the day. I rested my head against the top of his, something else he is now okay with and found myself falling asleep. It was the first time I can ever recall being able to sleep on a train. It was pleasant.
I spent a morning with my landlady and found the conversation trivial but pleasant. However, standing too close to her for long periods of time threatened to give me a headache as her floral perfume was overpowering. Before I returned to my flat she gave me a quick hug, which was bearable but nothing I would willingly initiate. I questioned if I would like to hug John. After all, it wasn’t something we did. A year ago, the idea would be laughable, but now it seemed possible. After a moment of consideration, I was not opposed to the idea.
“Tell me what you’re thinking,” He insisted.
As the night wore on John had stood to go to bed. As he passed Sherlock’s chair he gave the man’s knee a small squeeze.
“If it’s a danger night, you’d tell me, wouldn’t you?” It had taken my own sleep-deprived mind a painfully long time to catch up. Oh Mycroft. Bloody gossipy bastard.
I’m not the type of man who often refers to the Greek philosophers in the context of my scientific endeavours. My knowledge on the subject could be described as minimal. Though it may be said philosophers like Socrates were a cornerstone in the creation of modern science you wouldn’t equate his rudimentary musings to what science has become. One would just as soon see a doctor praising Hippocrates for his work with phlegm. However, I must concede I greatly overlooked the effectiveness of Socratic questioning until I began working with John.
“Thou art too dear for my possessing,” I told him, hoping he would understand.
I’ve decided to embark on another line of scientific inquiry and experimentation. John is yet again, my main subject. I’m aware that in the past he hasn’t been the most receptive research subject but in this case, no one else would do. As I’ve stated several times over, John is a creature of habit. Yet, as of late he has been breaking familiar patterns.
“Not anymore.” This was enough for him.
“Explain the rest to me over dinner. I was thinking of phoning the Thai place down the street.”
Hypothesis: John will notice the presents of sugar in his tea when roughly 2g (½ teaspoon) is added to his morning tea. He won’t complain about it until 8g (2 teaspoons) are added.
I felt a rush pulse through my body at this idea and began to pace around the edges of the room. For the idiotic members of Scotland Yard, it appeared as though I had finally entered the frenzied state of psychosis and mania they all believed lied behind the surface of my otherwise composed veneer. John knew there was more to the matter and gave me a sidelong glance as he walked beside me.
“Happy?” John asked as he continued stitching.
“I don’t think you’re boring,” Sherlock stated, pulling his face from John’s grip stilling his hand. Sherlock’s eyes met John’s for a moment before his gaze shifted to the corner of the room.
To my surprise, John opened the door, his mussed hair confirming he had been asleep.
Some players were stupid enough to give the locations of human trafficking rings they frequented, while others went so far as to lead me to them. People are idiots. They had the habit of conducting all their illicit affairs at the one time. Following or in some cases, being asked to join players in visiting such places after a match was common. There I uncovered several missing people from both cold cases and recent reports of missing persons. It was more straight forward than I tend to bother with, even the halfwits at Scotland Yard could have done it. After I discovered the gambling ring the rest was playacting but I wanted to get out of Baker Street. I needed to create space between John and myself. As I have previously stated, John Watson can be ridiculously stubborn when he wants to be.
Scotland Yard employees and amateur detectives alike, fail to copy my methods by reducing my practice down to simple ‘
“And in London- all over the place really. Last week in the clinic I had to do the same thing to a five-year-old who hit their head on the side of a coffee table. He was better at staying still.” Sherlock arched a brow in indignation but otherwise ignored the jab.
That’s a story I’m sure John will one day tell. For now, dear readers, it is just past
The man had been having an affair with one of his female coworkers. He had been planning to divorce his wife for some time and had been hoarding away money beneath their mattress, hoping for the wife to remain unaware of the money. That way, if a divorce lawyer were to insist the wife keep half of the money within their shared bank account the husband would still leave the divorce with more than half of their earnings.
“Have you ever thought with that big brain of yours that it’s not smart to insult your doctor? I could always start ignoring the Hippocratic oath.”
“Right,” John had sighed when Sherlock hadn’t spoken thinking he had dismissed the story as sentiment. Sherlock had been too focused on John’s hands to realise he had expected a response.
John then stood, and retrieved a pair of scissors from the first aid kit, cutting the ragged end of the stitch. He turned Sherlock’s face to examine his handiwork.
’ to tell someone where you were going and what you were doing every moment of every day was pointless.
Several readers appear to have enjoyed my last entry, detailing an experiment involving my flatmate John Watson. So here is another.
“May I?” John had asked. I’d been unsure what he meant but as it was John I assumed whatever it was would be fine and nodded.
“How did they get into the apartment without breaking in?” John had asked.
“But you’re not-” I’m unsure how I finished my speech. For once in my life, I felt miles behind. I needed clarification. I needed more data. This situation was beyond understanding. Never had I even entertained the hypothesis John would want something more between the two of us.
A/N: 'Thou art too dear for my possessing,' is a quote from Shakespeare's Sonnet 87. It is believed the sonnet details an unrequited love between two males as it is a part of Shakespeare's 'Fair Youth' sonnets. It is also a nod to the original Conan Doyle stories. In 'A Study in Scarlet' Watson lists Holmes' 'Knowledge of Literature—Nil.' Which is ironic because throughout the rest of the 'Canon' Holmes quotes Shakespeare multiple times (even in BBC's Sherlock). Most famously, 'the game is afoot'.
I’ve never considered myself an addict. I’ve always been keenly in control of what I put into my body, for what means, and how much. My dabbling with cocaine has always been for the purpose of my work. There were instances in the past where I was required to stay awake for long periods of time to solve a case. Though I pride myself in my capability to withstand my body’s more base urges, after two sleepless days, the third is always difficult to muster without losing some of one’s mental faculties. Obviously, when working on a case, this is unacceptable. Cocaine was an easy solution. As it is a stimulant, it was able to keep me alert and functioning well past the time when I should have been able to do so.
The reader may note the brilliant grin of satisfaction that crossed my face when John’s hand encircled my own, confirming my hypothesis. However, this satisfaction was short-lived, as John’s eyes flew open. It took a moment of prodding for John to realise what I was doing (as previously discussed, when possible John must not know an experiment is being conducted.) Upon John realising the hand-holding was for an experiment I was vehemently scolded. It was an odd response, which requires further exploration. I shall inform the readers of any scientifically interesting discoveries which come from it.
We both began tapping on different areas of the far wall, moving aside furniture as we saw fit. I looked to the full-length mirror beside the sofa and could have cursed for how stupid I had been. John and I quickly pulled the mirror down from the wall and there it was, another small room.
It was obvious the attacker must have been known to the victim. This was no surprise and I explained as much to John, postulating my theory of malicious intent. The student had a string of lovers, perhaps one had discovered the presents of the others.
My memory of the time is hazy as it was during the peak of my recreational drug habit. I recall one person stubborn enough to insist on a cold shower. Their body was pale snow under the fluorescent light. A welcome thought in the heat. The cold water from their shower flooded the tile floor and for a moment I felt adrift in the ocean. The illusion was only shattered when I inhaled the acrid stench of cheap bathroom cleaner. It was not my most dignified hour.
A/N: 'Anser' is the genus for waterfowl which include geese.
Despite his denials, he knew the basic laws of human survival applied to him. Yes, he could go for days without sleeping but nevertheless he slept. In John’s words, he could go for a ‘medically miraculous’ time without food, yet still, he ate. He had gone more than thirty years of his life believing he could survive without love and yet still- it appeared, he loved. The only question was when?
John swung open the bathroom door and ushered Sherlock into the hallway.
People chastised Sherlock for ignoring the softer emotions but John was just as bad though he was better at interpreting the emotions of others. He was a mirror, reflecting other people’s sentiments to avoid having his own seen. The two made quite the pair.
The pendulum swung in the opposite direction. I’d planned to pull away from John, before re-establishing our old boundaries and normal comforts. I needed some more time to get my head around the matter at hand. Just when I believed I was coming to grips with things, it appeared to fall from my fingers. The solution to this problem was water in my hands.
Yet, the heatwaves I experienced in my time before John, Baker Street, and regular Scotland Yard cases had been insufferable. One of these times found me living in a small bedsit on Montague Street. Those unfamiliar with London and England in general should note air-conditioning is a rarity in most private buildings. I spent two days sprawled on the tiles of the communal bathroom, considering adding to the violent crime statistic each time another lodger entered to shower.
2: John Watson is an unpredictable research subject and should always be counted as an extraneous variable.
It was four in the morning and I hadn’t slept in three days. It’s always around day three things begin to get difficult. On day three, heroin seems like a logical idea. A cure for an ailment. It’s really the equivalent of taking paracetamol to alleviate a headache. On a brain which has been deprived of sleep for three days, it seems like the same thing.
’) John and I have been known to share his bed during the day when his injuries are particularly bad but we’ve never actually slept together, in the most literal sense of the word.
If John would like to argue any of these points I shall be waiting at Baker Street for his snide retorts.
The morning before in one of his characteristic fits of frustrated petulance, Sherlock had knocked his favourite mug from the kitchen bench, shattering it. He had been trying to solve a case. After emerging from his mind palace several hours later with a clue regarding the location of the suspect he had looked over to find his favourite mug held together with superglue, placed with such precision the cup was still able to hold tea. Sherlock pretended not to notice.
He didn’t sound angry or confused as I assumed he would. He sounded amused but his hand rubbed over the back of his neck in a self-soothing gesture. He was nervous.
‘Corpses John, I work with corpses.’ Dramatic and factually accurate.
On many occasions, Sherlock had chastised John for the belief that the consulting detective could read his mind but in this instance, Sherlock had enough data to take an educated guess.
He settled back down into the bed, leaving half a foot between us. I hadn’t realised my hand was encroaching on his side of the invisible boundary until I heard the rustling of sheets and felt the lightest touch ghost across my fingers and palms. In my tired state, I found myself clinging on to the touch. It was a hand, John’s hand. His hand was warm and calloused. I could feel the slightest hint of a tremble, which seemed strange as since John and I began solving cases together his hands had remained steadfast. Like his ever-present limp, the slight tremble in his hand had been a memory. Now I felt it, another strange phenomenon. I’m not known to be a comforting person but I felt as though John needed something.
people loved to point fingers.
Sherlock hid a smile that threatened to twitch across his lips by ducking his head and clambering to his feet.
John had let out a short exhalation of breath. It was something between a huff of indignation and a sigh of disbelief. I know John’s facial expressions in fine detail. In my mind, there is an entire index dedicated to John’s micro-expressions. He’s the type of man who can give you paragraphs in one quirk of the brow. I watched several emotions pass across John’s face in the space of a second. Concern, frustration, confusion, and at last, something like hope.
Once the particulars of the case were explained we lapsed into a comfortable silence. John had yawned and shifted to sit beside me. At first, I was unsure of what he was doing, but of course, we had spent half of the night before awake and running around after ghosts. Neither of us had slept.
During my nights out, John would text me asking where I was, when I would be home, and if he could come with me. I ignored him. I needed space to solve my cases, John would be a distraction. But why? Up until this point John had never been a distraction but now being in the same room as him was enough to throw my mind from the case completely. It was insufferable. I spend weeks pushing John away and for his credit, he remained steadfast, until he didn't.
I have never been the type to make small talk with our neighbours. I knew very little about them other than what I had heard in passing. Their landlady Mrs. Turner often had tea with Mrs. Hudson on Sundays. Her tenants were two men, a married couple. According to Mycroft, they posed no immediate danger and so they have been filed away in my mind as unimportant. This was a mistake.
“The floor plans of the flat say it’s twenty-two feet.” John hummed as though trying to follow along.
“Maybe there’s something under here. It looks like someone’s tried to rip it up.” Of course. Readers, this is why I bring John with me on cases. He is absolutely brilliant at cutting through the clutter of a crime scene and finding the one thread which will pull all my theories together.
According to programs like ‘
at a crime scene.
John gave Sherlock the same awestruck look he always had when the taller of the two decided to indulge him by explaining his deductive reasoning.
“How many times have you done this?” Sherlock asked examining John’s steady hands in the mirror.
I spent the better part of the afternoon performing increasingly dangerous exothermic reactions at the dinner table in an attempt to heat the room. John put his foot down after a mixture of sodium and chlorine almost set the flat ablaze. If John and I were boiled down to a base chemical I could imagine us as nothing else but sodium and chlorine. John, sodium: soft, yet solid, essential for life and myself chlorine: light yet hazardous, used to strip surfaces and poison men in warfare. He could be found in the depth of the earth, myself in the atmosphere. Both chemicals on their own, or combined with others are volatile and yet the product of the two is nothing more than table salt. Alone we are capable of explosions, together we are steady crystalline.
I’m sure I interrupted him. I was not upset. ‘Upset’ was a petulant and child-like emotion. I refused to have it. With no other options left I began to explain my feelings to John. I won’t recount exactly what I said here. It is always best to hold ones’ cards close to their chest. However, as I spoke I watched John’s expression soften. It was a look I hadn’t seen before. A truly rare sight. I wanted to take a photo of it and compare it to all the other looks John had given me over the years to determine where it fit. I needed to know what he was thinking but in the end, I didn’t have to solve John’s emotions. He crossed the distance between the two of us and he kissed me. He hadn’t yet brushed his teeth or shaved, but I couldn’t bring myself to care.
After months of reconnaissance, the agents realised their missing colleague was trapped somewhere in the flat. They planned to kill the criminal covertly, leave a note with their superiors, rescue their colleague, and call it a day. However, something had gone wrong and the third agent had escaped the room during the dinner party. Out of anger and desperation, the man attacked the owner of the flat, stabbing him multiple times, killing him.
search.
With all the pieces in place and a painful call to my brother to confirm my suspicions, the crime became overly simple. The flat owner was an American and wanted criminal, charged with war crimes in Iraq along with kidnapping and murder across the continent of Europe. Two agents had been discharged to track the criminal, the first had disappeared three months prior to the man’s murder while the second had been the young woman. Another agent had been placed on the case after the first man went missing. A simple covert operation was made complex by the emotionality of one agent.
A client stood in the sitting room of 221B this morning with a disconcerted gaze and the annoying nervous habit of tapping their foot while talking. They detailed how their friend and business partner had disappeared from an out of the way antique bookshop the two co-owned. It was odd that the client had chosen to come to me, as the person in question had only been missing for twelve hours. Normally, I am my client’s last resort, not the first. They hadn’t yet contacted the police. That was interesting.
I won’t delve into a past that holds no bearings on the present but needless to say I haven’t used frequently in some time, after a bad miscalculation. The whole trick to being a functioning drug user is the ability to discern the dosage needed to produce the desired effect without developing a dependency. Tolerance is also a painful variable in the equation, but I’m not here to explain how I managed to use drugs for as long as I did.
Nevertheless, I knew I would be alone in this case and so I decided to collect data in a manner more common to my practice pre-John. I cut my hair (a regrettable decision), donned dockworkers’ attire, and took up a new alias for five days in an attempt to discern which of the dockworkers had killed their colleague. The solution to the crime came to me when examining the initials carved on a cigarette lighter found at the scene.
Others in Sherlock’s life would point to this moment as a precursor to what they deemed his ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m aware, on occasion he reads my blog as he gives me feedback about how I need to use less technical terminology and theories in my writing to appeal to the masses and discuss our personal matters less. By discussing our personal matters so openly I’m hoping to goad him out of his childish temper tantrum and back to Baker Street.
It was John who reminded me of the existence of this blog. Up until now, it had been a forgotten piece of data. One of the most critical things to remember when embarking upon the science of deduction is to eliminate all extraneous information. These include but are not limited to: the names of work colleagues, the scores of football matches, and unless directly related to a case, the solar system. It has come to my attention that the world is sorely in need of an outline to logical, deductive reasoning, which is not subject to the theatrics and sentimentality that can be found in the personal blog of my colleague and flatmate, John H. Watson.
There had been a logical explanation for the heroin use at the time, but I’m unable to recall it. It had something to do with balance. Like one balances a chemical equation. The cocaine was a high, a stimulant, an upper. But what is left when the case is over and the high continues? What does one do when they need to sleep, when it feels like the universe as a whole is in flux and you can feel it, when everything is hurtling at you with breakneck speed and there are millions upon millions of new ideas and possibilities scratching at the corners of your mind and there are loose threads on your bedsheets, and when did this happen, and how did this occur? Where is the nearest place to buy new bedsheets and would they be open? And why does one need bedsheets? What real purpose do they hold?
When he stormed out of the flat several hours ago he neglected to do the same with me. I neither know where he went, or how long he will be gone for. It seems counterintuitive to do the exact action which made you angry in the first place.
“You can’t just quote stuff at me Sherlock and expect me to get it. I can’t read your mind. Not with this. Explain it to me, walk me through it. I can tell you’re upset about something.”
This is how I believed we would continue but time together seemed to soften John’s resolve. There are rare occasions when the weather is particularly unpleasant and his war wounds ache, making the bed preferable to his armchair in the sitting room. Those who know John don’t need to be told that he doesn’t take the failing of his body lightly. That’s how John and I slipped into the habit of sorting through cold case files on his bed during his worse days. Of course, there was also our less frequent nocturnal habits. Physical injuries aren’t all John brought back from the war. I know John well enough to understand he doesn’t want what he deems as a ‘shortcoming’ to be detailed for the general public. As a doctor, John appears to have an unhealthy bias towards the importance of physical injury over that of the mind.
“You’re an idiot,” He told me. This is the only time I will ever except someone using that term in relation to myself as the words that followed truly made me feel idiotic.
He asked me if I was okay. This adds additional evidence to the theory that John believes my affection is somehow connected with a vulnerable mental-state. However, this time he wasn’t wrong. I shook my head. I was frustrated, beyond frustrated and I was angry, so unbelievably angry. With my body hunched over and my face buried in John’s shoulder, I came to realise the person I was angry with was myself.
It became clear we needed to talk, something we’ve never been good at and so we did, long into the afternoon. We sat on John’s bed and we talked. We solved the case, which was our relationship together. It’s still a bit of a muddled affair but we both agreed that the idea of developing a closer relationship was a desirable outcome. The best word for it, I suppose, is partners. After all, John and I have always been partners.
I found myself at the scene of what John informs me, detective novelist refer to as a locked room mystery. The crime occurred at a one-bedroom flat in Westminster. Though detective inspector Lestrade had briefly detailed the crime to me via text message on the cab ride over to the scene, there is a great difference between having the crime described and seeing it laid before you. I’m honestly disappointed the readers will only be getting a retelling of the crime as words won’t do the incident justice. It is the first truly remarkable case I’ve had in months and it’s been long overdue.
It was surprising he hadn’t proposed the solution to the case, as sexual relationships are more his area than my own. Of course, I’m not naive when it comes to sex as it is often entangled with crime but my knowledge is far more theoretical, while John’s is practical. It would be interesting to pick his brain on the topic and lead my own line of questioning.
I didn’t have any in the flat, of course, I wasn’t that stupid. Once I had kept a small stash of cocaine beneath the floorboard of the creaking step which led up to the landing of 221B. John had discovered it about a month after he moved in. Since then, I haven’t kept drugs in the flat. It’s probably for the best but last night I regretted this decision.
“I’m satisfied,” Sherlock remarked keeping his voice devoid of the softer emotions his mind had been occupied with.
I’ve been informed by John that I was using intellectualisation as a coping mechanism. If I believed I had an infallible equation, there was no way I could be an addict. He must have discussed the matter with his idiotic therapist. As she was unable to cure John’s psychosomatic limp and I was, I choose to believe my equation still holds merit. Though, I will resign to the fact that the heroin had been a mistake.
A storm had dashed the small fishing boat up against rocks on the coastline. Of the three men and two women who had left for the trip the bodies of two had been found. One a forty-seven-year-old man and the other a thirty-six-year-old woman. The other three men (including the client’s father) and woman were never located. It was suspected they were lost at sea.
The layout of the flat goes as follows: there was an open floor plan for the main room, kitchen, and dining area. Two large windows covered the west-facing wall while a sofa, full-length mirror, and squared kitchen were tucked together on the other side of the room. From the windows, the offices of the adjacent building could clearly be seen. There were no curtains or blinds on these windows. For all intents and purposes, the office workers in the other building should be able to see right into the flat.
It wasn’t the farm boy’s job to kill the animals. When they were ready they would be sold to an abattoir and the farm boy’s calloused hands would remain clean enough for him to have deniability about raising the beasts for the slaughter. However, this wasn’t always the case.
“I feel the same way about you. You daft git.”
’ with Mike Stanford (readers may recognise the name as a frequent commenter on John’s personal blog). John was sipping tea at the kitchen table while I examined water samples under my microscope for spirogyra. I handed John a slide for him to hold, which he did without complaint. This is an incident that members in the scientific community might label as an ‘outlier’ or ‘anomaly’. John is the only man I’ve met who, with little exception, will do whatever I ask of him. However, he makes up for his pliant nature by complaining more than anyone would deem ‘strictly necessary’.  That day, there was nothing. John Watson is endlessly fascinating as a research subject and so, another experiment began.
I admitted to him that I needed to sleep, unsure of how he would respond. I waited for him to object. He didn’t. He became quiet for so long I had begun to drift off but he startled me awake by saying my name again.
On these nights, John would often drift in and out of sleep in his armchair. This left him sore and stiff the next morning. I don’t recall the moment the decision was made but through means of natural progression, an armchair appeared tucked into the corner of John’s bedroom, and on his bad nights, he leaves the door ajar. It was this which led me to become intimately accommodated with John’s room and therefore I was able to use it in my mind palace.
John groaned but complied, grabbing a hand mirror from the cabinet beneath the sink and handing it to Sherlock. The two spent a moment shifting around each other. The quiet dance ended with Sherlock on the floor and John hunched over on the rim of the bathtub, the mirror propped up beside him.
Upon awakening this morning in Baker Street to a broken heating system and a bone-chilling freeze, I couldn’t help but think of Montague Street.
Take a moment dear reader, to engage your brain in something other than senseless social media gossip and ask yourself what a sleep-deprived John Watson, an infant, and a chameleon have in common.
I’ve spent the last week solving a case posed by a reader of this blog. Originally, I had assumed John would write a retelling of such events but as he took a week off to follow me out to the countryside to pursue the case he is now making up much of his time at a local clinic and has little spare time.
“I wouldn’t know what that’s like. My family was never together enough to fall apart.” It was a fact and Sherlock stated it as such but the little glimmer of surprise in John’s eyes told him he might not be as horrible at sharing as he had first assumed.
My attempts to establish old boundaries between myself and John had been a dismal failure. I covered the sofa in piles of old case files, my scientific journals and monographs to remove the temptation of lying there with John. He chastised me to clean the flat and when I didn’t, he did. When I refused to sit with him on the sofa, he would give me a perplexed look. I stopped eating breakfast altogether, just to avoid his knee pressing against my own at the kitchen table. He would find me during the day and thrust a plate of food beneath my nose, refusing to budge until at least half of the food was gone.
For the full 'blog' format experience this fanfiction can also be found at
Also thank you everyone for being patient. This chapter took a little longer than usual as my job was short staffed this week, so I got called in more than I expected. Sadly life comes first. Anyway, thank you for reading.
John had seen Sherlock shirtless before, and he had a propensity to parade around the flat in some state of undress. But here, outside, with the rain pouring down and the thunder rumbling above, the genius looked he came from straight out of a romance novel. John literally gasped. Sherlock was gorgeous.
Sherlock stood as still as possible, as any movement would intensify the pain, hoping the doctor would come in soon. It was two-thirty on a Tuesday afternoon, A&E couldn't have been that busy with patients.
"You still promised."
“I have a boyfriend now. And once he finds out what you’ve done, you’re done for. So don’t touch me,” Molly calmly threatened him.
On New Year's Eve at midnight, Sherlock got down on one knee and proposed to John, in front of the Eiffel Tower. John said yes, and the two planned a simple late spring ceremony at their farm with Sophie, Theo, Rosie, Jasmine, Molly, Greg, and Mycroft as witnesses.
*****
"But he could be anywhere in that city!" Veronica countered.
Molly, Mike, and Janine skated over to John. “You okay buddy?” Mike asked.
Sherlock nodded. "I do. I have to admit, I was so nervous and scared. You're amazing John, I didn't want to turn you off like I did with others before---"
“So, did you break up with her yet?” Greg tore his eyes away from the pool to see a girl with jet black hair done up in an elaborate bun, small white flower tucked in behind her left ear, wearing a pristine white satin sleeveless dress smirking down at him. “What?” he said, startled. He’d never heard her approach him.
"And I wanted to treat Henry to some ice cream. I took off work today since school's been cancelled," Richard explained.
"John had a run-in with her son last year."
"You're lucky John. X-rays show no fractured ribs, just bruising. And your left wrist is sprained, but no other broken bones anywhere else. I'm going to put your arm in a sling for quicker healing. I'll also prescribe some strong painkillers,  and a few days rest. Good thing you're not working over Christmas," Mike told his friend before leaving.
(It's even more attractive and perfect when a certain gorgeous consulting detective puts his gorgeous lips on the rim of the glass and licks off some of the salt). 😍
The beach wasn't that crowded. John and Sherlock found a spot in the sand closer to the shore and set their blankets down. John stripped off his T-shirt (which did not go unnoticed by Sherlock, the lustful gaze being a dead giveaway).
The lounge also had a fully stocked bar along with some bottles of water. John grabbed a bottle and gulped half of the water down, giving off a satisfied sigh when he was done. He was a social drinker and never partook in any alcohol before his shows. He wanted to be sober and aware of his surroundings, and he danced much better while sober.
"I'd like to think so, although every now and then his temper would flare up. Seb's very protective of me, and so is Richard. I think that's why he---he---he killed Carl, and Marty, and Art. Nobody was doing anything to stop the bullying. Their parents weren't doing a good job disciplining them, so Richard did it for them."
Jeff turned bright red, and the other boys laughed heartily. "Yeah, you're all a bunch of hypocrites," Big Seb sneered. "I may be a fag but I don't go around judging other people."
"Hmm, not bad. I didn't take you for an artist," a velvety voice said from behind him.
John’s eyes widened as he processed Bryan’s deduction. Psychologically it made sense, the boyfriend taking his fury out on those that looked like Quinn, to avenge his lover but at the same time, protect him in a warped way. So that he wouldn’t get hurt again.
"Of course you would."
"But that's why I'm here. My brother discovered where John went and left home to find him. So if you don't want John to be assaulted again, you'll help me."
"And very sexy," Irene added silkily. "My favorite of course is you bare chested wearing your dog tag and camouflage pants."
John broke out into a huge grin. "And I really like you Sherlock Holmes."
"John wait!---" Molly began, but John already left. She turned and glared at Sherlock. "Why must you be such an utter arse? It's no wonder almost the entire school can't stand you. I don't know why
Sherlock rolled into his house a little after seven-thirty, full and happy. As he walked towards the grand staircase, his mother Veronica appeared from the side where the living room was. "Hi Sherlock. Did you have a good time with John?"
John was sitting in his chair sipping his tea, wearing a comfy pair of black sweatpants and a St. Bart's sweatshirt when Sherlock arrived, carrying a bag of food. "I'm home John!" he called.
John's eyes widened. "You never told me that."
Henry quietly gasped, and Richard frowned. "What? But you're not to blame for his death Molly," Richard said.
Greg looked around the ballroom in amusement. Even after five years, he still couldn't get over that The Diogenes Club, which had a reputation of being formal and stuffy, was host to a shindig where the theme was sex. Mycroft simply said the organizers had the money for renting the space, and they provided their own cleaning crew and security, so it was a beneficial arrangement for both parties. And nothing unsavory ever happened, it was just people having a good time and networking.
John was surprised to say the least. "You're kidding. You want to go on a date with me, a weary-eyed, disabled ex-soldier?"
"It was great. I took my daughter to the children's museum, had dinner with a friend on Saturday, and yesterday I met up with him again for lunch at Regent's."
Then he met Janine, a gorgeous brunette, at a family New Year's party. She'd flirted with him shamelessly, chased after him the entire evening. He'd gotten drunk and started deducing her promiscuous past in order to keep her at arms length and hopefully piss her off enough to get her to leave him alone.
Brett's eyes blew open wide. "Oh wow, you
Irritated, John scooped up his stuff and stormed away from the table, going to one all the way on the other side by the window. He plopped down and tried to immerse himself back in his work, but was completely distracted. He could still feel Sherlock's long fingers on his leg.
As John and Evie approached the outside of the building where their flat was, a young man dressed in black jeans and a black hoodie stood across the street, watching them with extreme interest.
It must have been fate, or the stars aligning at the right time, because none other than John appeared outside the building, wiping his forehead. Sherlock saw him and his heart about burst out of his chest. It was now or never. He jumped out of the car and sprinted towards John.
And when Sherlock emerged from the pool twenty minutes later, water dripping and running down his figure, which was clad in a form-fitting pair of black swim trunks, running his large hands through his dark curls, a knowing grin on his face as he saw his spouse, John was sure Sherlock had read his mind.
All Mycroft could do was huff loudly and rush to his room. The pool was looking better and better, and even if he had to swim in the rain, he would. At that moment, he even wished he was in Los Angeles with Sherlock.
Sherlock and John as we know and love them, just set in the seventies! Inspired by my love of disco music and 1970's crime shows, along with Martin Freeman being a DJ in real life when he's not acting or being Mr. Sassy Pants.
John pushed the horn tip to Warren again, applying a little more pressure. Warren opened his mouth again, but no sound came out, and this time he bucked his hips up towards the bullhorn.
The suit was dark navy with a subtle gray pinstripe, made from exquisite bespoke fabric, the texture sleek and smooth.
"No, that's not it. Not at all," John quickly interrupted, gently caressing Sherlock's cheek with the back of his hand. "I'm thrilled to be having your baby. I can't wait to bring it into this world. I was afraid you'd be upset because a baby would interfere with the Work, and it won't be long before I can't assist you..."
To his continued surprise, Sherlock continued to hold onto him after he broke the kiss, pressing his forehead to John's. "I'm sorry," he said sadly. "I caught you off guard, but let me explain---"
Sherlock thumbed through the Rolodex and located the information he needed. He copied the address and phone number onto a piece of scrap paper and shoved it in his pocket. He took out a handkerchief and wiped the plastic card holder clean, and carefully set it back on the kitchen counter. He casually strode out the side door and made sure it was locked back up.
Molly gasped and she quickly covered her mouth. “Oh Greg, I’m sorry, really I am. You must be devastated.”
His parents weren’t home, which was typical. Mycroft had said nothing, going straight up to his room. He wouldn’t admit it, but he had been scared shitless by Mrs. Hudson and the empty threat to dump his body in the pond at Regent’s Park. Sherlock swiped a pack of cigarettes from the locked desk in the study (which he didn’t know why his father always locked it, he could pick it in seconds) and went out to the pool.
*****
John turned around to face Missy. "Are you okay with Eddie being gay?"
"Clarence and I are over the moon. We weren't really trying, but we did want kids. I just came back from the doctor. I'm eight weeks along."
Sherlock grinned. "No, I think going a little more casual is good. Even though we're getting married in the evening, our venue has more a club like setting to it anyway, so I think business casual is just fine. And you know how I hate wearing ties."
Sherlock and Brett were at Baskerville Primary, looking for John and Rosie. John had told Sherlock to wait for him by the old playground the school no longer used. The two were the only ones there. Brett was on the swings. Sherlock sat down next to his son, his heart and stomach tight with anticipation waiting for the handsome doctor.
Pajama party shenanigans and Sherlock's desperately in love.
," Molly said, saying the word boys condescendingly, "don't you have better things to do with your time than harass a girl? But then again, harassing girls is the only way you'll get attention from them, isn't that right? She stared frostily at the boys, and stood up. Hell if she'd cower under any of them.
, remembering his dad's little saying.
"Gordon Ritter, but we all call him Gordie. He's one of the bartenders, works afternoons Thursday through Tuesday. He's the best one to talk to, since we get a lot of men during the weekdays. They come here during their work breaks to have a few drinks, take some of the morning stress away. A lot of them like to unload their problems on Gordie, he's a great listener. He used to be a psychologist here in the Hills, but he got burnt out listening to other people moan. So he quit and started working here. He's a very sweet man, helped me through a bad breakup with my lousy ex."
The two teens left, and a few moments later Pete was off the phone. "Good news honey. I got a group of parents to meet. Charlie Magnussen said he'll give us space downtown at his office. It's planned for Wednesday at six-thirty."
"What makes you think she did it?"
Little Seb chuckled bitterly. "And we know with you nice moods are far and few between."
A spark of annoyance flashed on Greg’s face. “Who the hell are you?” he barked, forgetting her last comment about Irene cheating.
Molly just laughed. "I'm so glad I had my tubes tied. I had a feeling Sadie was going to be a handful when she came out of the womb screaming and pooping. I'll call you tomorrow Sherlock."
*****
John's eyes were wide with amazement. "I can't believe you got most of that! My being a soccer goalie, my interest in medical school, that my parents are divorced, I paid for my bike with my job delivering newspapers. Are you psychic?"
*****
*****
John's eyes were closed and he was enjoying the California breeze softly ruffling the air. Then Sherlock spoke.
Molly just nodded, tears forming in her eyes. Their perfect summer was ruined, thanks to those psycho Holmes siblings.
John squirmed to get out of his grasp. “Not here on the street where everyone can see!” Sherlock released him and grinned madly. “Let’s go inside then.”
The Jeweled Elephant was a cozy Indian bistro, and the dinner rush had just ended, leaving a handful of patrons, mostly twenty-somethings, at tables enjoying a late meal. John and Victor were seated at a table against the wall in the back of the restaurant, which was decorated to look like the inside of a Sultan prince's bedroom imagined in a Hollywood movie. No one was complaining, as the rich, jeweled tones of gold, red and purple added a pleasant and welcoming atmosphere.
"Oh wait---now I remember! You're friends with Victor. He's dating my brother Eddie."
Molly waved a hand dismissively. "You'll have to find that out for yourself."
John is hiding something important from Sherlock.
Doctor Jones assured the two worried siblings this was normal due to the heavy doses of morphine he was given. His body would take time readjusting to the powerful medication.
Sherlock rapidly nodded. "Oh God yes."
"Oh my God! Your mom is going on a date? With the man that sold her the gun?" Mary whispered heatedly.
"Because you're gorgeous and insanely smart, and I'm just an ordinary, boring GP and nothing ever happens to me," John replied, trying to be jokey, but it came out a lot more self depreciating.
"Jesus Christ those three are total assholes," Henry barked.
The boys' honeymoon is extended thanks to a power outage and a blizzard.
"Well? How did it go?" Sally eagerly asked.
John hastily found a notepad and wrote it down, tearing off the paper and giving it to Sherlock. "Looking forward to it."
"Mom turned down another street and the car stopped following. We managed to make it home a few minutes before nine and she called the cops, but turns out Mrs. H already did it, and they said they were going to check it out."
He looked down at his little boy. "Hmm? Oh, yes, it was something just for grown-ups. Now, let's go follow John and see about those fish chips."
Wedding planning is a lot easier this time around for John.
John and Greg spend an evening together talking about their love lives.
Sherlock blushed and John chuckled. "I'm just that attractive yeah?"
Comments are appreciated!
Then the rain began to fall.
"Oh Mrs. Hudson, thank you for coming, it's appreciated," Sylvia warmly told her.
The principal of Culverton Smith High, Harold Saxon, has decided to close the school for the rest of the week, but guidance counselors will be on hand at the school for students and staff to talk to. Classes will resume next Monday.
With Warren being tied up and ordered not to move, John went back to his bag, took out his bullhorn, and came back to Warren. Upon seeing what John had in his hands, his eyes widened again, and his cock became even more flushed and erect.
“Even more all the reason to steer clear.” John peered at the clock on the wall. “Break time’s over friend. Let’s cut the gas and get back to work. Only two more hours to go!”
Molly was coming out of the multi-purpose room located in the basement where the art classes were held. The committee meeting had ended and it was her lunch period. The cafeteria was on the same floor at the end of the long hallway. She was only a few steps away from entering the lunchroom when Irene suddenly appeared at her right side. "Molly," she drawled, a grin on her face that Molly could only describe as evil.
Rosie Watson-Holmes was now twenty months, and she started saying a lot more words. She spoke her first word last fall when she was fifteen months. John assumed it would be "dada." Sherlock assumed it would be "murder" (to John's annoyance).
Sherlock thought about it. It wouldn't be the worst trade off he'd done to score something he wanted. He'd bottomed for drugs with less than savory characters in alleys and dingy flats, and did let a woman go down on him in exchange for information on a murder he was able to solve. All he had to do was shut off his mind for ten minutes, let Janine have her pleasure, and he'd be one step closer to the perfection that was John Watson, former Army captain.
"Hal, call me back, John just heard and he's devastated."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not. But wouldn't you rather ride with me? At least you won't have to pay," Sherlock purred.
The two perused the menu and each decided on the chicken noodle soup and BLT special. John placed the order for them, then walked over to the large window. He pulled open the curtains to see a beautiful winter scene. Snow was falling, and the trees were flocked with sparkling white flakes. There was a small pond nestled in with the forest, and he saw a deer standing by the water. The view would make for a perfect Christmas card.
As Sherlock's lips melted into John's once more, John thought to himself it was indeed a very happy new year.
"Sure."  Sherlock nodded his head, and John got off the bed, with Sherlock following right behind him, eager to have dinner with his sweet ray of sunlight.
There was a click. Kitty pressed the stop button and hung up the phone. She sat there, staring at the receiver for a few minutes. And then she let out a scream that would have woken up all the dead in the entire state of California.
John turned towards his husband's voice and gave a little grin. "Hey you."
"Hey," John happily greeted him. "Come in."
Both John and Sherlock suddenly sat up, exchanging glances. John's was of dread, but Sherlock's was of anticipation.
“Does she like me? I mean, more than like a friend? I've caught her sneaking glances at me and I know she’s had to talk about me to you…” His brown eyes bored into John’s, as if trying to mentally coax an answer from him.
Teen Jim shows up next chapter!
Grateful that he did the shopping yesterday, John was on the sofa, a warm fleece blanket cozily draped over him, reading a mystery novel. Halloween was just a few weeks away and John decided to get into the spirit by picking up some old mystery and horror novels at the bookstore in town. Today's choice was
"You're a natural Captain," Warren quietly praised.
And so here John was forty-five minutes later, giving Warren all the pain the man could stand, helping him temporarily erase the memory of his ex-lover. And Warren was taking it with such strength.
The siblings approached Harry's car, a 1952 yellow Buick Skylark convertible. They placed his bags in the back and the two hopped in the front. "Sweet ride," John praised his sister.
Another strop was stopped cold by seeing John's beautiful face break out into a loving smile, and Sherlock couldn't help but take John into his arms and kiss him passionately, not caring about getting wet from John's rain slicker he still wore. "I love you so much," he breathed after the kiss ended.
"Sixty for you Wanda."
"Hush Veronica. We promised not to speak of it again," Sidney warned.
"Sherlock Holmes."
Speaking of Baker Street, a very sullen and sulking Sherlock Holmes was lying on the couch inside his flat at 221 B Baker Street, wrapped up like a burrito in nothing but a white sheet, his dark curls wildly sticking out every which way, a deep frown and a huge pout on his Cupid's bow lips.
This is a spinoff of Chapter 1's "Secret." Omegaverse/Mpreg but works as a standalone story.
And so, the retired detective and his retired doctor/ blogger and conductor of light did just that on this wet and most definitely happy Wednesday.
"I'll get you a flannel," John offered.
Molly sighed. "Well, I guess that's something."
Henry would always offer to help out around the house so he wouldn't feel like a freeloader, but the Wilkes kept turning him down, telling him he was family. But from time to time he would make dinner and clean on the servants' days off. He discovered he was a pretty decent cook.
He pulled out his police badge. "Business ma'am. I'm Officer James Sholto from the Sherrinford Police Department. I'm investigating a series of murders and arsons."
Suddenly Lucy's face went as white as a sheet, and her anxiety rose even higher like a runaway kite. "Or a psychotic killer."
"How can you be interested if you're not gay?" Sherlock whispered heatedly.
John's made the first move, but they still have a way to go before it's full on Johnlock. And who could that mysterious figure in black be?
John gazed out the window, pulling his navy blue dressing gown tighter around him. He could feel a cough building in his chest and he covered his mouth just in time. Luckily no mucus had come with it. That meant he was finally starting to dry out. Three weeks before Christmas, John had gotten an upper respiratory infection and the nurse at the surgery gave him some antibiotics. His fever, muscle aches, and sore throat had gone away but unfortunately he couldn't overcome the congestion, and the coughing and shortness of breath overtook him, and he developed bronchitis. He went back to the surgery where he was given steroids and cough syrup. Slowly, he began to feel better and now it was Christmas Eve, and he was back to his normal self.
John laughed. He wasn't a cat fan and tried to stay away from them at all costs both as a human and a wolf.
"Mrs. Hudson, you've been such an asset to the town and we're glad you're here," Charlie praised. "It's always good to have our businesses support the town and its citizens."
The bartender sat the bourbon down in front of Sherlock. John lifted his glass up. "Let's make a toast."
John swallowed loudly and nervously. "Yeah, my mom and sister have it too."
Half an hour later, two enthusiastic little girls and Mrs. Hudson were in her kitchen making snickerdoodles. The homey smell of cinnamon filled the cozy flat and John, who was offering his services as dishwasher, had to admit he couldn't wait to try one of the cookies. "Smells delicious ladies," he said, grinning at the three.
"He did look cute in that yellow nightgown. It complimented his green eyes," Janine replied, chuckling as she scrutinized a sleeveless lilac chiffon dress with a white bow at the neckline.
"You all want to get something to drink?" Greg asked everyone.
Sherlock smiled deviously. "Absolutely. Do you have any suggestions?"
She smiled."I wanted to let you all know I've barred the Holmeses from The Big H. If any of them show up on my property. I'll call the police," she promised. "You've all been so nice to me, especially knowing what I've been through back in Florida, and I have to return the favor."
Henry cupped Sebastian's cheeks with his hands and shook his head. "No Sebby. Principal Saxon handled it. Marty, Art, and Jeff are suspended for two weeks. If they bully someone else, they're banned from all the homecoming stuff. You don't have to worry about me. I feel bad for Molly though. Marty really hurt her wrist and the nurse gave her an icepack and a wrap."
John decided to catch a bus instead of hailing a cab. The stop was just a few blocks away, and it would drop him off right across the street from the nursery. The weather was surprisingly mild for this time of year, and he wanted to enjoy being out and about, since next week's weather was going to be wet and dreary according to the news.
The last four digits of Sherlock's phone number is Benedict's birthday. :)
Dave knew the boys had reputations as bullies and were not well liked by many in town. He also knew their parents were easy on them, not big discipliners. Dave felt quite a few of the wealthier families were lenient in parenting, but that was not his business. His business was to find the lunatic cutting up Sherrinford's teenagers. And the only person who knew the identity of that lunatic was lying under medical sedation at a hospital.
Sherlock nodded. "It was a man, forty years of age, and his sixteen year-old daughter. The man died, and his daughter is in the hospital, having experienced nausea, vomiting, blurred vision, dry mouth, and tinnitus."
Sherlock's eyes widened and he blinked. He looked down at his son, who had a sheepish expression on his face. Lots of faces were staring right at him, including the beautiful blond who was struggling not to laugh.
Eurus tensed up and frowned. Her brother was going to tell him everything. She knew the guilt was eating away at him like acid.
This had to be Sherlock, John had described him to her. However, all the other times he encountered him, he was dressed in greaser attire and his hair was slicked back. In his black swim trunks and white short-sleeved shirt, unbuttoned to show off a very pale, milky chest, he looked more like a posh vacationer from one of the northern states and not a sex-crazed biker. Harry knew appearances could be deceiving.
that was the case.
"Victor surprised me with a 'gift' of his own---me walking in on him snogging one of the waiters at my family's Christmas Eve party. He claimed he was drunk and it was a spur of the moment mistake, but I told him to get out and that I never wanted to see him again. He had the gall to ask me if he could keep any gifts I got him."
Jim grinned evilly as he clicked to reply to him, asking him if he would be up for a date very soon, promising a night he'd never forget.
Once the kiss was broken, John repeated Sherlock’s loving gesture. “I love you. Hey, when I get back, it won’t be too late. Do you want to go to Angelo’s for dinner? Neither of us have any classes tomorrow so we could make it a long date.”
"Do you think the rest of her creepy siblings will show up?" Mike wondered.
"Sometimes I wish I was straight, so I could do what they're doing," a voice said from behind him.
"And I'm Noah Hardesty, the old man of the group, did time in 'Nam in '70," a shorter, chubbier man piped up, waving at John. He reminded John of Mike Stamford, as he had dark hair, but was balding, and wore glasses.
Harold felt like all the air had been released out of him, and his stomach sank like a lead balloon. "Dear God in heaven. So it was Richard that broke into our home and attacked me. That's why I blocked it out---when I fought with him, I must have gotten his disguise off, I knew who he was, and deep down I didn't want to believe it was really Richard that tried to kill me."
"You could do a family outing with Brett and Rosie if that would make you feel more comfortable, and it could be a good test to see whether today was just a fluke," Molly suggested.
"Yeah, that's because of all the filters you put on my photos," John joked back.
John grinned at her outfit. "Wow Sis, you look great!"
"You have no right to forbid me from seeing Sherlock," John hissed.
Sue nodded sympathetically."Does it have to do with all that trouble with your brother and that other boy you were telling me about?"
"Thunder? In October? On Halloween? In London? That's rare," John remarked.
"I heard it. Talk about creep city," Victor replied. "My mom was scared out of her wits."
Sherlock saw the bowl of corn flakes topped with strawberries. He could definitely have several bites of that, he thought to himself. "Looks good, thank you John."
John was heading to his car when Sherlock came up beside him. "That was a lot of fun."
Five weeks after Brett Hayden Holmes was born, Sherlock got a call from one of Janine's friends. She'd left the baby with her and took off. It was him and Brett ever since. Janine was eventually found, she had been diagnosed with post partum psychosis and recovering in a hospital in Ireland, her home country. She readily agreed to terminate her parental rights and Sherlock got sole custody.
"He's an idiot then. He's having a difficult time trying to find one because no one wants to live with him. His mind is quite extraordinary, but his personality leaves something to be desired for, despite being so drop-dead gorgeous. He should take the first available person willing to flatshare."
"Kine" is a term to describe humans according to some vampire terminology sites.
Sherlock watched him intently, never realizing something as mundane as eating could be so sexy.
He'd called his mom, who at first agreed to get him, but Hal was at their home visiting Wanda, and he said he would get him. He would bring Wanda's gun too. John felt safer knowing that fact. If they were to run into Wilkes, at least they would have some means of self-defense, but he prayed that wouldn't be the case.
