There was the killer, a man, connected to this religious organization. He assumed the dark clad men from earlier had been from the organization, were they connected to the murderer or not? It seemed to be the work of a lone perpetrator, but at this point Sherlock left nothing out.
John turned his head over and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair, closing his eyes for a second smelling sweat and soap and behind it that smell which was Sherlock’s and only his. This was hard, but it was too late now, he had started and so had to finish, “I am sorry about how the war turned out. It was never meant to be like that. We would go in, save the day and get out and afterwards peace and happiness would swoop down on them as soon as the Talibans were gone. That was the plan. It seemed so easy on paper you know.”
Peter grew red in the face, a vein throbbing rapidly at his temple and John cursed himself silently.
The man walked rapidly and Sherlock unexpectedly found it hard to keep up. He increased the length of his steps, splashing cold mud around as he walked. They exited the park, the man and his shadow, crossing the street, barely avoiding the busy London traffic. Sherlock rounded a corner and the man was gone. Head spinning he rushed up to the next corner, where could he have gone?
John rose, walked into the kitchen and refilled his cup with some stagnant coffee left in the pot; he was going to need it.
John pulled at their last bits of clothing desperately to get them both completely naked, to get as much skin in contact as possible, to feel Sherlock against him. He wanted this to go as far as it could in as short amount of time as possible. No time to stop, no time to look back and no chance of going back afterwards. It had to be irrevocable.
“It seems we are on the same side here Mr Holmes and as they say: the enemy of my enemy...” She left the rest of the proverb hanging in the air. Sherlock didn’t answer but reached for his glass, he needed time to consider, this was in a way an unexpected turn of events.
“He would be safe, police looking over him 24-7,” Lestrade said, slightly dour that Sherlock doubted him or his police force; maybe both.
Honesty, bah! Just see where that had gotten him, scaring Sherlock into running away. But then, in the long, dark hours of the night when he had waited for Sherlock to get back he had to wonder if there hadn’t been something there. Sherlock hadn’t seemed shocked or angry, just... afraid maybe? John wasn’t sure; surely Sherlock had no concept of fear?
John pushed away the empty carton of Won Ton and sipped his cup of tea. The mug was an ugly souvenir one from Wales and was missing an ear, it didn’t matter, the tea tasted great anyway.
Sherlock laid his hand over John’s stilling it, “Will you tell me what happened?” The question was simple and undemanding, it was only a question and John was free to answer in whatever way he wanted.
Something hot and roaring exploded into life in Sherlock’s belly. He could feel his body betraying him and his lips opened as on their own accord, tongue tentatively flickering and as it met John’s all air left his lungs and Sherlock could not have broken it for the life of him.
Sherlock, who hasn’t once shifted his gaze from John shakes his head, wet strands of hair wiping his forehead as he does, “No,” he adds as if to make his point crystal clear.
“I have no idea, please tell me,” He gave the plastic laminated sticker back to Sherlock, for some reason he didn’t like holding it.
It did not really feel like me, actually. It felt like a force above and below me, some circuit that has been firing lightening between two poles all night, for years, and with that touch, with neither of us wielding any control, that circuit was completed, and the fire in me ignited.
“Yes, I know,” I hissed irritatedly, glowering at him. But then even he began to smile. “About bloody time, I guess.”
“Six,” Sherlock intoned, very slightly raising the octave of his voice, as if he were playing along with John as his young self.
“This” John said. He turned Sherlock so that he was laying in his arms, almost in his lap, and he began kissing every part of the detective he could reach. He started off with his lips, a gentle brush, then worked his way down his throat, his shoulders, his chest. “You taste so good” John groaned between kisses.
What if they were having sex? What if she asked him for “one more time,” to rescue her flagging self-esteem? What if he gave in and was having second thoughts. It was agony. I looked out the window, up and down the street. And checked the phone. Nothing.
“No!” I practically shouted, extending my hands as if I could stop him. “God no!” I froze. “I knew you’d be beautiful..” I began. “But this is…uh, beyond what I was imagining.”
Thank god she’d changed out of the dress. Her distress and mine raged up and down, into every color of emotional pain there was, for what seemed like hours. I did throw up (again) but had the presence of mind to actually brush my teeth after (my toothbrush staring at me from her vanity, chastising me for my abandonment). Still it was the first normal human thing I’d done all day, and it calmed me strangely. I think I’d never felt more exhausted.
I was desperate to see it. “You’re so gorgeous,” I whispered. “Come for me and I’ll come with you.” His face almost looked pained as the orgasm began, his head thrown back. It felt like a volcano rumbling in my arms, his body finding the exact friction it needed. No thoughts, no words, just nature putting her hand on his hips, guiding him. Holding on to this force, knowing I’d created it, was overwhelming and the delicious pressure that signaled to my impending climax flared. “Oh god, Oh god.. John….” he cried out, and I was over the top seconds later.
Actually, I’d been dreaming about him since the moment I left. But then, the dreams became more confusing, more…more emotional. I actually began imagining him rescuing me, or at least finding me somehow, and we’d finish off what we needed to together. Then I’d remember, with great regret, that he’d never come find me, as much as I might be longing for that, because I’d seen to it. Not only would he never be able to find me, he would not even be looking, as I’d so convincingly died to one and all (or almost all).
I attacked (and it felt like an attack) this ritual that would be the beginning of my end, with my characteristic verve and perfectionism. There was a certain level of intoxication that I believed it was my responsibility to insure, so that we could have the right spirit to endure the night, without becoming so overly saturated that either of us took ill or passed out. I decided we should visit bars on the streets where we’d found a corpse; quite meaningful, I reasoned.
“John…John, I...I’m sorry.” He clutched me to him again, his back tense in my arms. “Molly is right, of course. I’m always saying the wrong things, the most horrible things.”
happy to be here with you.” He seemed to relax, stroking my back. I huffed out a small laugh. “Thank God you kissed me last night.”
“Well,” I continued, “I have bad news. There’s been a bit of a…problem. You see, in the last 24 hours, some, ah,
About ninety minutes in and my head was buzzing with confusion. Most of it pleasant enough, surely due to my careful and steady imbibing, but perhaps not all alcohol related, if I’m honest.
Her outrage continued, as I deserved it to. At one point, she threw me out of the house. I pounded down the sidewalk, only to sit myself on the curb, attempting to regain control of my breathing and delay the next round of vomiting. Never had I been so affected by emotional anguish, and I’d seen my share. I don’t think I’d ever felt so responsible for causing pain to another, and with this physical reaction as the punishment, I’d try to avoid it in the future.
His eyes, the pupils blown wide; he looked overwhelmed with desire, a little delirious, as if he weren’t quite here all the way. HIs brow furrowed slightly and he nodded. He gently rolled me onto my back and took both of my hands pinning them above my head. He lay on top of me, between my legs, raising himself slightly off of me with the other arm, and looked deeply into my eyes, kissing my forehead, my jaw, the bridge of my nose. “So beautiful…” he sighed between kisses. “So beautiful…”
I pictured waking up tomorrow morning, alone, engulfed again in my “new” life, John and Mary patching things up, slowly. John feeling renewed in his commitment to her. What had I been thinking? I pounded my fists against my head.
Sherlock reached under the pillow, withdrawing the item. With a flick of his wrist, he handed it to John, whose eyes widened with delight. He gasped, slapping his hand to his mouth. For the second time that afternoon, tears came to his eyes.
Now they were in Sherlock’s bed, (what used to be Sherlock’s bed), but they’d had sex in every room of the flat already, against and on top of all the surfaces John had ever imagined them against or on top of, and a couple he had not. (“The stairs up to my bedroom? Really?”) Sherlock leaned over him now, his forearms on either side of John’s head, a look of such passion, longing (and love?) in his eyes, gently rocking into him, groaning as he seated himself deeper and deeper into John’s body.
He embraced me again and began to cry softly. I felt so close to him, but suddenly felt an overwhelming burst of fatigue. On a good day, I can get pretty sleepy after a good orgasm. On a terrible day, after a monumental orgasm, well, I’m pretty much done in.
“How can you do this to me?” she looked so vulnerable, like a little girl, and I was responsible for killing her dog. If only the earth really did swallow people. I deserved it. I hated myself.
And now, here we were, at the start of this ridiculous ritual of the bachelor’s night out before the big day, one last hurrah before getting tied down.
Sherlock: best man, devoted friend, nodding, smiling, playing violin, blessing their marriage, left on his own.
My head was pounding a bit, but I otherwise seemed to have escaped a hangover. I shifted slightly to observe my beautiful doctor to my right, laying on his side, his hand resting lightly on my chest, breathing deeply, his mouth pulled into an adorable pout. He seemed entirely unconscious.
Sherlock reached one hand down, cupping John’s cock, impossibly intensifying his pleasure. “God, yes,” John panted. Sherlock ran his hand over the head, slick with pre-cum, and stroked masterfully down the shaft. Once, twice, was all he could stand; everything broke loose in the doctor. “Ah, ah, ah,” John shouted (not his most poetic), his legs shuddering as he pushed himself into Sherlock’s hand and belly, cum shooting over both of them. John’s pulsing around Sherlock’s cock was the final push for him. “Jesus, John, God, God..” he moaned, coming hard, so hard.
How had I not realized the precariousness of this situation? The risk…the waterfall of panic and grief that I was stepping gingerly across, stone by slippery stone, completely uncertain if I would reach the other side, or be swept to my death down the rampaging waters.
Without preamble or warning, I sat bolt upright, as if a string from the heavens attached to the top of my head was suddenly yanked up, and my shaking body with it.
“Not quite,” John said, and Sherlock walked toward the bed and gracefully sat next to John, placing the photo under his pillow. “What?” Sherlock asked softly, a fond smile on this lips.
The alcohol, at least at first, helped re-establish my ability to dissimulate remarkably. John, his usual affable self, was so much better at pub chit chat than me. I did my best to keep up my end, but he also seemed content to sit quietly with me, observing the scene around us with detached interest.
Hmmm. I was a bit puzzled. John did not look ready to make the passionate love I’d been hoping for. Indeed, he looked like he was almost already asleep, his face planted roughly into the pillow, his coat still on, his arse slightly up in the air, like a toddler who’d barely made it to the crib. I paused, uncertain. He saw me out of the corner of this eye, and he shot up.
“That Mycroft..” John said with gentleness starting to mix with tension. “I hate that he’s mean to you. I think I’ll go punch him in the nose for you” He reached his hand to hold Sherlock’s, continuing to talk to the picture.
I did my best with coat and the shirt, but I was having trouble with coordination. Every time he kissed me, my neck, my shoulders, he groaned as if he’d not eaten in days and I was his only food. All this delicious outpouring from him went straight to my cock, (and actually, my heart,) and I felt such an urgency to devour him as he was doing to me. I felt dizzy, my breath shallow—I think I figured out swooning, not really believing before now that there was such a thing.
He drew back from me, panting and pulled my head into his shoulder. “You’re all I want…” he said breathlessly, passionately kissing my neck, my jaw, the side of my face. He started to take off my coat. “Clothes. Off ” he ground out, seemingly offended by the fabric between us.
John leaned forward in his chair, ever so slightly, and my heart leapt. I could barely keep a coherent thought, but I somehow sensed his coming toward me. He continued to lean forward, still teasing, playing this stupid game. What?? What now?? Was he actually falling out of his chair?? Into my lap?
I couldn’t help but shed a few tears. John was as good a lover as he was perfect a man, and I felt again astonished at my good fortune. Tears of gratitude, then? Love?
He released my hands and put an arm on either side of my head. His kisses had become more frenzied, more impassioned, his mouth roaming over my neck, my shoulders, my chest. He’d stilled his hips for both our sakes, but the pent up sexual energy seemed to need some outlet, which it found between his mouth and my skin. My cock may not have been getting direct stimulation, but it did not get that memo and increased its pulsing, throbbing, in a way I found harder and harder to control.
“Ah!” Sherlock snapped up a book from one of the stacks. “Success!” He rifled through the pages and drew forth a 5 x 7 photo which he stared down at momentarily. Perhaps too late, he remembered this photo did not always have a such a good effect on him.
More pacing. Alcohol! There was an idea. Would that take the edge off? I delayed. The hangover I’d been flirting with all day had just been put to rest in the last hour. Still, if I was about to face losing John, another hangover would be least of my worries.
Such skin. John let his eyes wander lovingly up and down his back, his arse, his legs. He imagined his own hands on that skin, gently caressing, feeling every inch of smooth and rough, soft and strong, sending shivers up Sherlock’s spine. In his mind, he put his mouth everywhere, tasting every spot and hearing what sounds the detective made as he licked a pathway up and down.
The cab ride was excruciating. John alternated between closing his eyes and giggling, seemingly replaying events from the last couple hours. He tried to talk, but he was slurring too. I watched his lips move, losing track of his words, willing the distance between us to disappear. The world was spinning, and I realized that my state of drunkenness was in no way dissipating through being in the night air, nor as my sadness materialized. I decided the only sane thing was to play it safe, joking as best I could…
I continued to pace. Should I go over there? What if John was in trouble? What if Mary turned out to be the assassin, and John was tied up somewhere?
That seemed to help. Except for the extreme fucking mountain of problems I’d caused myself and everyone I loved, things were going much better.
“Last night..” sounded strange to me, but still seemed somehow appropriate. For weeks, I’d been noticing urges to talk more honestly with him, about what, I wasn’t sure. To thank him, I guess. To tell him all the things I wanted to after he died, how important he was to me. To tell him how much and why I valued him. I may be playing “blogger” for him, but words were not necessarily my speciality. Sherlock could crank out words by the bushel, but they were rarely about relationships or emotion. So in this, we were quite the pair—two blokes, desperately committed to each other, falling away, rejoining, most things left unsaid.
I wanted to write. But I thought better of it. I was dedicated to honesty with John from now on, but it had been an overwhelming day, and I figured I’d better gauge his state of mind before this kind of admission.
My head was pounding, the nausea was not going anywhere, and I started to cry. I rolled into a fetal position, searching for inspiration.
Stag night! What a bizarre idea, One night when the groom ran amok, aided and abetted by his mates, to what? shag prostitutes? dance on tables with lampshades on his head? sew the last wild oats before supposedly settling down with his virginal wife? What did that say about the state of marriage in our culture? Commitment? ….
“Yeah, I was lonely at uni too. Wish I’d been with you then. Could have kept you company,” John said, leering and grinding his hip into Sherlock’s thigh.
“Uh-this really isn’t fair,” Sherlock, his arms around John’s neck, clung to him with glassy eyes. “You’re going to have to finish what you started, you know,” he said, kissing John’s neck.
“Really,” John said out loud “just come over here,” John said, hoping he sounded less pleading than he felt on the inside.
“You don’t have to do this, you know..” her voice regaining clarity and strength. “I know you love me. You don’t have to make this choice…”
I swallowed hard. I hadn’t actually expected to have to be honest with others that day. I looked sheepishly at the floor, and started in.
“Ladies and gentlemen…” they turned as one, with eyes expectant, still smiling. I cleared my throat. Hmm, a bit harder than I’d imagined, re-routing John’s entire life in public.
But instead, like most men, I channeled my passions into anger, and a brawl with another inebriated soul over my expertise in ash seemed to be as good a place as any to channel. But there he was—my angel intervened, and we made our way home.
He reached below me and gently fondled my bollux and he leaned into my neck, and gently bit down. “Fuck…fuck…Sherlock..” I cried out.
My breath changed, becoming shallow and ragged, easily giving me away if not for John’s current mental state. I shifted over and faced the railing. We continued to tease each other, and then,
I moved my hands lightly up and down his back, to his sides and then skimmed one hand between our bodies to his waist. “John, John, God,…” he ground out, practically shouting, pulling my hips to his and started to grind against me. Clearly, a sensitive spot, I thought, reveling in his cries of pleasure. His moans were addictive to me, and I couldn’t wait to hear more. All night. All week. God, it was so perfect.
He came toward me, stumbling. In the most innocent and minute of ways, he just reached out a hand, just a dusting of contact, a small touch, to my knee. Lingering there, near my body.
Sherlock’s shoulders shook as he sobbed into John’s chest. “This is terrible,” he moaned. “I shouldn’t be like this.”
“So, how’s it going?” I had a little speech planned about last night, but I thought I’d just ignore it for as long as I could.
“Why not?” John asks, willing to take any possible path to get them talking about something safe and disperse the thick blanket of tension in the room. If he could only get Sherlock to talk about severed heads, the possibility of killing a person solely from common household products or..., well John would take just about anything right now.
Sherlock was boiling over, one feeling replacing the next so fast he had no time to identify and label them. For once Lestrade had not listened to him when he had wanted to go after John himself, he had even threatened to have him locked up for an unforeseeable future and Donovan had smiled from ear to ear in anticipation. There had been no choice but to agree to bring backup and follow Lestrade’s orders, however much it galled him.
In the end he was satisfied, his body was unhurt and in one piece. All limbs accounted for and operational. He stopped there, no need to go further, his mind would recover in time but right now he did not want to dwell on it. After all, not thinking about stuff was one of the things his therapist had said he was exceptionally good at. So why not stick to the things you excel at?
John brushed fresh blood away from Sherlock’s cheek; it stuck to his finger and left a red, sticky smear on Sherlock’s face. Blood he thought, but so little of it, where was all the blood?
John coughed and tried again, “Water,” he whispered so low Sherlock almost couldn’t make it out. One of the police officers offered a small bottle and John drowned it all, his hand shaking as he did so making some of the water run in shiny streams down his chin.
“I know Sherlock. I am not saying I need to go out right this second, just at some point in the near future.” John started to relax, maybe the ordeal was almost over and he could go hide under his bed and let shame eat him up for the rest of his life.
“Fine,” He got up and stretched out his hand towards the woman on the other side of the desk. She rose from her seat and shook it.
Sherlock was sitting in a Starbucks on a side street close to Piccadilly Circus. He had a window seat, untouched paper coffee cup beside him as he pretended to use his blackberry.
He looked around, letting his eyes sweep over the open space, where would they have taken John? The foyer was empty except for some builder’s tools spread out on the dirty floor and a pile of old toilet bowls stacked against the wall. The elevator was out since power had been cut to the building but the staircase led both up and down; illuminated by an eerie green light from the emergency exit signs. Up or down? Sherlock thought. Up he decided and moved to the stairs.
John muttered something well chosen only he could hear and turned his attention back to the stiff. He picked up the other arm studying the fingernails; trying to make himself useful. Doing something also let him ignore the rest of the police force around him. Although the officers in Lestrade’s team was used to both him and Sherlock by now he still got the feeling at times that they were not welcome. Or perhaps it was mostly Sherlock who wasn’t welcome; there was something in his aura telling everyone else that they were inferior beings. Most people found that very discomforting. John didn’t think he did it on purpose; he simply didn’t care enough to hide it.
“Where would I be?” John was actually curious about what Sherlock though he really did when he was not following him around cleaning up whatever mess he had made. Sometimes he wondered if that wasn’t the reason why he had needed all of a tenth of a second to decide to work with Sherlock.
“Yeah I think so,” John replied allowing Sherlock to help him up, “Can hardly move my arms though, no blood in them,” Sherlock started to gently massage John’s arms, running his hands up and down working the blood back in while John grimaced at the pain as knitted muscles started to loosen up and blood returned, bringing it’s friend oxygen with it.
Why? Well there was the obvious answer, just because. And not so obvious answers, people do because it is expected of them. Moreover, Lestrade is depending on you. People in general, even though they don’t know you exist are depending on you to keep them safe. Me, I am depending on you not to say the least. Somehow John didn’t think any of these answers would work on Sherlock.
“All of it,” Sherlock casually waved his slim hand while studying John intently. John cringed under the scrutiny, Sherlock in general saw too much.
What were the facts he thought, walking aimlessly around the dark sitting room, not bothering with the lights, picking things up and putting them down in new random places.
“That’s it, that is finally it,” Sherlock put his phone down, and made for the door. Lestrade took hold of his arm as he tried to run past, “Would you mind actually telling the police before you run of with the ground breaking evidence which will let us all save our favourite doctor?”
“What happened to your head?” Sherlock said mostly to stop any possible praise aimed in his general direction. He spoke indirectly not turning his face, keeping his gaze on his own hands as they moved.
Down the wet street pedestrians ambled by, black umbrellas criss-crossing as people walked to and from places in that eternal, anonymous mess that was London. John ran a hand across his head, fingers snagging in the blond, damp mess; and he made some sort of decision.
John said, “It looks like mud, but there is only a stain on one leg, not both. Surely if he had been walking on his own there would be mud on both? God knows the weather is bad enough”
“Children, which children?” Sherlock asked him, looking almost confounded, or as close to it as was possible for him to look; one curved brown, eyebrow lifted slightly almost creating a crease on his pale forehead.
“It is all so obvious, so blatant. And this killing doesn’t really match the last one, the approach is completely different,” Sherlock shook his head, “Maybe there are two killers,” he did not feel convinced.
All in all he has looked forward to spending the day alone with a nice cup of tea or with Sherlock in companionable silence. If he is lucky someone will get murdered and there will be a case, he realizes perhaps you should not wish for these things, but then no one can hear him, so maybe it is ok.
They ran on, bodies in total sync, minds blank except for the thrill of the moment, both revelling in the adrenalin; the wet streets disappearing behind them as they ran. They where invincible and they could do this forever and ever.
Contemplating his options he decided to text back, carefully under the table. It only took half a minute until he could feel his phone vibrating in his hand, making his palm tingle. He peeked a glance, under the pretence of finding a new pen in the drawer.
John nodded and looked at things and tried to reconcile this picture of Peter, the man who had been married with a daughter, with the quiet man, old before his time, easy to anger he had known for a short while years ago.
Peter seemed disappointed when John didn’t try to run to Sherlock a second time, but John knew that right now the only way to help them both was to stay calm.
Reluctantly he crawled out from under Sherlock, whispering to meet him in bed. He was as fast as he could, grabbing a condom and lube in his bathroom and working himself open with two fingers from the start. It would hurt, but that was more than ok.
“I see,” he heard Sherlock reply to Lestrade, after he had looked the thing over, he pocketed it. Lestrade just raised an eyebrow, but did nothing to stop him from taking what must be evidence.
She ignored his comment, “Let us get down to business then Mr Holmes shall we, you are a busy man I understand.” She paused as if to give him room to speak, Sherlock stayed quiet.
A couple of minutes, hours, years pass while they kiss, Sherlock’s hands tightly clasping his upper arms, fingers leaving burning stripes all the way down to the bone, but none of them touching otherwise except their lips. Eventually John has to break away, head spinning and he is panting for air.
He dreamt so often of the fall that he was not sure what had actually happened anymore, had he actually seen Sherlock fall to his death or had that happened to someone else?
His momentary anger drained away instantly and he forced his face to fall back into blankness. A look he had perfected over the last two years. Inside he was ashamed though, he was British after all and public displays of emotion were no part of that, not anger, not anything else. He cowardly took the next stop, even though it was not his.
They entered onto a dirty, brown brick floor into a small kitchen. Dust bins and trash everywhere, a stale smell to the air. It was just barely warmer than outside, only the worst chill being kept out.
The dead were all people whom Peter Middleton had believed worked against him or had slighted him in some way. Sherlock looked at John when he said this and John pretended not to notice and Sherlock had let him be.
He took another sip of his drink as he affixed a bland look on his face, suitable for someone seeing the man for the first time. He threw the picture down with a dismissive flick of his wrist and turned to Sara.
“Why am I here?” Sherlock’s clear voice carried through over the slightly muffled background noise that was always present in a city this size, he was addressing Lestrade. His question mirrored John’s, why had the detective inspector called them out here; this seemed to be a simple routine errand? Bodies with their throats slit and missing wallets were pulled from the Thames several times a year. Lestrade sighed and got rid of the plastic coffee cup he had been warming his hands on in the chilly November air as he pulled something from his pockets.
“They were involved in some dubious activities during the Second World War but nobody could prove anything,” Sherlock took out a curved piece of steel and slid it into the lock just above his other hand, working deftly as he talked.
After that evening Sherlock had done his research and last night he had come storming up the stairs into the flat, almost pushing the officer on guard out a window on his way. Inside, he had said only two words, “Found him.” John had nodded, not replying and Sherlock had looked like he would come up to him, his arms hanging down his sides and hands twitching but in the end he had done nothing.
At that second John thought he would love Lestrade until the day he died; he assumed the sturdy D.I. was the reason behind this. The vest did not mean life; at this close range it could not stop a shotgun blast completely. But the vest meant that there was a chance.
It would have been easier if D.I. Lestrade’s voice hadn’t been so laced with concern John thought. Somewhere along the line they had become friends and now John suspected it was the friend and not the officer of the law who was talking.
“So, I’m afraid, um, no wedding today, folks. Perhaps you could all go out together somewhere as you are all dressed up.” There, I thought. I felt rather pleased. I thought that was tied up pretty well with a bow. But then I double checked. The reverend: still ashen, looking worse actually. The wedding goers: equally displeased, gasping, tearful, shaking their heads, talking amongst themselves. Ah, well.
It was a bit overwhelming. John had gone for so long impatiently standing behind the wall erected by the enigmatic detective, for a long time not even realizing how much he’d hungered to peer over the top, to pierce through the mystery and see who Sherlock actually was. And now, to be abruptly facing into this rare window onto the life of his beloved, it was almost too good to be true. But to be sure: there was Sherlock. The curly dark hair was unmistakable, the pale skin, ethereal eyes, the beginning of those cheekbones, but the face softer, rounder, the eyes open, searching, and just slightly, sad.
Time stopped. The moment seemed suspended in mid-air, the whole universe boiling down to just this space between us.
“Fuck…” Sherlock’s brow seemed to furrow, beginning to become undone by the sensation. “John- me too,” Sherlock gasped, his face started slacken in the beautiful way that it did, making John’s heart pound.
He got impatient and began working the button and zip on the trousers, still kissing me the entire time. He reached his hand between both layers of trousers and pants, and pushed them down over my arse, then reached to the front and gently wound them away from my cock. They fell to the floor and I finally stepped out of them.
“You do not understand..” I said sternly, the weight of my words settling on me like concrete. I was gulping breath; I felt like I was drowning. “I’m not who you think I am….I’m not who I think I am.. I’m on my way over.”
At that John bridged the distance between them, pulling the taller man towards him, hands curling in soft fabric. He leaned forward, his lips searching for Sherlock’s. Sherlock still hesitated, body stiff with doubt and concern and John let a hand sneak up into his hair, urging without pressure for Sherlock to lean into the kiss. John kissed him gently, feathery light, trying to comfort Sherlock with his body, saying that it would be alright, he would be alright, they would be alright.
John trailed behind Sherlock up a littered corridor illuminated only from small regularly placed skylights. It was dead quiet; the only sound came from their footsteps as the rubble underneath crumbled slightly as they walked.
They reached Lestrade and Mycroft who clasped their shoulders and congratulated them on a case well done.
“Oh god John,” Sherlock says and bucks his hips up, voice hoarse and needy. John keeps holding, his thumb rolling in lazy circles and he bends forward, kissing Sherlock’s throat. He can feel his heartbeat under his lips, wild and frantic and he moans into Sherlock’s hot flesh. Sherlock pulls at his underwear and he helps him one handed, his other hand still gripping Sherlock, holding him firmly in hand.
In the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock landing a kick to the knee of another man felling him to the ground. John came up on his feet again, dancing away facing his own adversary, who had now become two. He swirled to his left, taking a grip on the arm holding the bat as it came flying past, attempting to wrestle it out of the man’s hands. Before he had a chance of doing so he was grabbed from behind.
“Good reflex back there, I was afraid you would struggle. Giving yourself away. Seems I underestimated you,” Sherlock gave him a nod that John dimly thought was meant to show approval.
Back in the sitting room, John had not moved but he looked like he was in less pain, the lines on his face starting to smooth out, the pills the medical staff had given him to take against the pain must have kicked in. Sherlock bent to put the cups down on the table, “Tea,” he said, carefully studying John from under dark curls falling across his forehead.
“You never bring work home from the clinic and you have no papers or journals indicating that you would have done so today. This tells me you that by work you mean writing that...” Sherlock paused, “...allegory of our cases.”
“Sherlock,” He says and watches the other man turn to face him, “Merry Christmas,” he hands the gift over and watches as Sherlock, who for the first time for as long as John has known him, appears speechless. John tries to fight down a huge grin and thinks that he is not doing a very good job at it but probably rather looks like a crazy person as the corners of his lips twitch wildly.
He shook his head hard. He had done the right thing no use crying over it now. The picture of John dissolved into swirling colours as he shook his head from side to side and Sherlock decided to handle this as he had always handled these things, with work. He started to sort through the content of the brown paper package, lifting pieces of paper, reading them and putting them back down; loosing himself in the case.
“I love it,” says Sherlock simply. John feels himself relax, shoulders falling and a happy smile settling on his face.
“Don’t you dare move Doctor,” The last was said in a sneer, as if it was an insult thrown at him. John put his hands back up.
“Never mind the case. I am sure you have more important things on your mind. Incredible scientific discoveries that will change the fate of modern medicine forever and win you the Nobel price. We could use a new rug if that happens, that experiment with limestone seemed to have brought this one past redemption.” Sherlock gave him his, I am a misunderstood genius look, which reeked of reprehension.
Later in bed, he urged Sherlock on, lifting his legs to loosely circle his hips, hands palming at him feverishly, voice broken and begging. Sherlock obliged, letting John set the pace, holding himself up on both arms, sweat making ringlets in his hair, lips forming a stupid grin which John returned in full. John didn’t dare press him down against him for fear of hurting him and settled with his hands clasping onto the other man’s hips, eyes looking at Sherlock’s flushed face and red, bitten lips. He could die like this he decided, rocking against Sherlock, mind at peace and the world outside forgotten.
Sherlock quickly passed both the second and third floor, continuing up the stair in a flying pace. The floor was covered in construction dust smudged by footsteps, the grit scraped as they walked over it. Which floor? His thoughts were racing, where would they keep John? He rerolled the schematics of the place in his head; the place had six floors. He had counted seven on the outside he realised. They must be rebuilding the attic. Of course the attic, the seventh floor, seven which is a sacred number in many religions.
He had moved out, a long time ago. He had found his own place, much less central and much cheaper. It was small, yet newly built and so clean that John hated it. All the walls where painted white and the rooms filled with IKEA furniture, “A perfect place for an eligible bachelor”, the real estate agent had said. John had tried to smile as he signed the contract.
John spontaneously kissed her on the forehead, smiling at her, “Thank you, thank you Mrs Hudson. Where did he go?”
“Good, we are close now John, I can feel it,” Holmes commenced his restless pacing. “It is all connected, the Labrador, the murders and the missing vase. Somewhere in this mess John lie the answers.” He reached the stone mantle, spun around on his heels and walked briskly back towards Watson’s armchair; hands on his back.
“You see, the label, the silly Christmas one. The body, it was supposed to be found on Christmas, when the bridge was closed and the workers arrived. Now it was dislodged from wherever it was hidden, it was a mistake that we found it earlier. We found the first body and that hurried the killer, he had to put his plan into action before he had everything he needed, which was why the other killings looked too rushed.”
He didn’t really want to talk about Sherlock right now, but on the other hand he knew it was unavoidable. By some unspoken agreement Sherlock was always at the top of the agenda when they met, perhaps simply by being the thing they had in common; their friendship with that mysterious creature.
He had tried during one rare moment yesterday as he was having a shower when he had been alone for the first time since they had found the body; a week ago. At that precise moment Sherlock had returned home and insisted on discussing a new lead in the case through the bathroom door, it had broken his concentration so to speak. It had been impossible to relax again knowing that his flat mate’s lean figure was leaning on the door.
The kiss is absolutely everything John could have ever wanted and then some, it is deep and filthy and toe curlingly good and he goes with it for a while, satisfied to just kiss. He kisses Sherlock with everything he has, tongue reaching in deep exploring the other’s mouth in full, sliding over teeth and deeper.
“What do you want Peter?” John carefully kept his hands steady over his head, he could feel the weight of the gun, he needed a distraction, needed to put Peter at ease.
“You lost the ability to talk?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow questioning at him. John wondered if the earlier break in his countenance had been a delusion on his part.
Sherlock had been steadily observing the building for the last 10 minutes but there was nothing wrong with it, nothing that told him John was inside, safe and unharmed. Still, he couldn’t help continue staring, eyes trying to penetrate the concrete and steel searching for signs of life, of hope.
Last night, they had come back home and crashed as soon as John was certain Sherlock was comfortable. They had both slept for an indecent amount of time and now they were rested, fed, and, while bruised and hurt, alive and well. During his morning shower John had reached a decision, Sherlock had been on his way to say something, and he had to know what that was.
Sherlock just gave him one of those wry looks he had mastered to perfection and John wondered how he could be wearing a suit in a place like this and yet not look out of place. John himself had rarely felt as ill-fitting as he did here; thankfully the drinks had taken away the worst edge on the uncomfortable feeling.
“You never answered my question John,” When Sherlock broke the silence it was with his normal tone, indifferent, blasé. He was leaning back, damp curls pointing in all directions, pale chest still naked and John found it hard to look away let alone remember what he was supposed to be answering.
She was not here today, he knew that much. She was visiting relatives in the country for the month. Family to meet, food to eat, games to play. He himself was off to see his sister Harry and her new girlfriend over the weekend; he too had family to see.
It had 15 missed calls and two texts, all from Sherlock –Shit- was the only word John could think. He opened the first text.
Sherlock stood absolutely still and it was like watching atoms splitting, the fusion energy to intense to bear. For a second he stood absolutely still and then he got his phone out and stared walking back and forth in front of Lestrade, all the time mumbling incoherently.
He was starting to feel a bit tipsy, this was their fourth club for the evening and he hadn’t had time to eat anything before Sherlock dragged him out on their resent quest. He was bored and out of his element and to top it off, John couldn't even see Sherlock anymore. He scanned the crowd trying to spot his detective, or failing that the man they were trying to locate.
As the door slammed closed, John woke from his uneasy sleep on the sofa. It was far from a pleasant awakening, his neck and back was stiff from sleeping on the too short furniture and his head hurt like hell. He felt gingerly with his hand over his forehead, it felt too large, the skin all stretched out over a massive lump.
He paid the driver who made off in a hurry, not a place she had wanted to stay a moment longer than she had too. It was a rundown neighbourhood; all empty buildings and graffiti tags covering every free surface. One of those project zones that sometimes got forgotten in city planning until someone high up decides that gentrification finally has reached the area and money is to be made.  The people residing are forced out and new shopping centres with shiny trolleys spring up as out of nowhere.
“Sara,” Sherlock replied in a hard voice and he stood up, hand still holding on to John’s shirt, knuckles white.
It seemed Peter’s troubles had started early, just the usual, drinking and gambling; he’d been a troubled boy. Before long he had been in more debt than he could handle and his wife had left him, that was when he had joined the
The various participants in the meeting made their goodbyes and left, wanting nothing more than to be home or off to do the endless reporting and logging of evidence and facts that an operation like this generates.
When Sherlock finally finished his sentence it was not what John had expected but then he finally understood why Sherlock hesitated, why he could not be the one to take the final step.
“Out,” was all Sherlock said and it was as if speaking freed him from a spell. He shook himself and let go of the door, he walked in and placed the package on the kitchen table. He shrugged out of his coat throwing it over the hanger, it seemed to John like he was trying to avoiding looking at him.
Outside Sherlock hailed a cab; John got in the back and after three attempts gave up trying to put his seatbelt on. Instead he focused on the bright light coming and going from the cars meeting theirs, leaning his forehead on the cool car window.
“Run John, run,” He didn’t protest, two more black clad men were approaching and he knew when he was outnumbered.
John wasn’t really clear about what happened after this, it all went too fast. Sherlock suddenly ducked and rolled to his left shouting at him, “Duck!”
“We still don’t know anything about the killer,” he said directed at John when he was sure he wasn’t going to dispute the patrol further.
“Thank you,” Watson said as the waiter brought him a plate of steaming Peking duck. He pushed the chop sticks aside and went for the knife and fork as he put the white, folded napkin on his knee.
“In the past no one were gunning for you, this could get dangerous and I rather not see you hurt,” Sherlock’s face betrayed nothing, “Just let me do this John,” he added.
It was late afternoon. John was enjoying a steaming cup of tea and wondering where Sherlock had disappeared to. Since their almost fight yesterday they hadn’t really talked. In the evening John had gone straight to bed, tossing and turning the entire night and when he finally managed to fall asleep had woken sweaty from a dream about walking up and down a never-ending staircase.
He squinted at the sun which seemed to get brighter by the minute. Focusing on the pounding of his head as it beat in sync with his steps, making it sound like someone was following close behind. He was glad his legs knew the way, all he had to do was follow. As he approached his bus shelter a black Mercedes with tinted windows came fast towards him, tires screaming as it stopped and from one second to the next everything went black.
Mycroft nodded at the mention of his name, “We needed to catch the Laurence woman in the act so to speak. My other team has now seized their headquarters and any evidence therein, it is clear so far that none involved will see freedom in several years at the least.”
“Let’s go revel in the glory shall we,” Sherlock said with a crocked twist to his lips and started off to where Detective Inspector Lestrade was standing together with Mycroft, overseeing the whole operation. They looked somewhat stiff together, neither man entirely comfortable in the company of the other; standing as far apart as they could but still staying under the same black umbrella. It was held by a slim but tall man who had to be Mycroft’s. The man himself, black secret service suit, was ignoring the rain running down his shaved head, darkening the shoulders on his jacket.
“Miss Evans is going to need that test and I hope Mr Smith’s leg has healed up properly, he is due in tomorrow.” He muttered as he walked; a relatively new habit. He found that it kept his mind occupied. As long as he kept busy with work then no unwanted thoughts could come crawling in.
“We had a deal, you will live to regret ever breaking it,” She shook her arms trying to free herself to no avail, her body straining against the bonds as if she wanted to deliver revenge then and there.
He shook his head slightly, dark curls bouncing of his forehead, now why would he want to do that? It just wasn’t logical and John would probably only shake his head at him, telling him something about why the rest of humanity really didn’t care about things like that to which Sherlock wouldn’t pay any attention because he would be busy looking at how the strip light in the ceiling was reflecting in John’s hair.
“Not very nice Doctor, also quite stupid, always enlist the locals in a place like this. Haven’t I told you before,” The huddling and the heavy cockney accent gone and John nearly jumped out of his skin.
“I didn’t catch its name but the bartender assured me this is what’s in the vogue at the moment. It tastes a bit like apples.”
He continued up to the next intersection, waiving at a group of small children looking at him as he ran. They shouted after him, wondering why he was running, but he ignored them; he had important things on his mind. At that thought John stopped in his track, a strange and uninvited question sneaking up on him. He wondered weakly why it hadn’t seem odd to him that he had just left work for the sole reason to find Sherlock and insist that whatever he had planned, John was coming too. He had just left a patient and appointments, grabbed his pea coat and left, not looking back.
“Sir, over here,” Came a shout to the left and Sherlock practically toppled Tessa out of the way in his haste. He rounded a wooden crate and behind it another officer was removing a black hood from someone’s face. John’s face Sherlock corrected himself. At the sight of his friend Sherlock felt like he could breathe for the first time in days. Like a metal tourniquet had been fit over his chest and was now finally removed.
“You can call me Sara if that pleases you,” She smiled towards him, a perfect row of even, white teeth showing between her red lips. In no way did the smile reach her eyes which stayed fixed, looking, gauging him.
He was sitting around an oval table in a stark police conference room inside Scotland Yard. All around the room, sitting if they had been quick or standing if not, police officers were nursing their own take-away cartons. On chairs to his right sat Donovan and Anderson and beyond that Lestrade and Sherlock. On the other side sat Mycroft flanked by some new assistant of his, a young man this time. There had been no free chairs when Mycroft entered, but he had just looked at two officers who had decided rather suddenly that they would prefer to stand.
Just before closing the door behind himself, he says almost absently to John, “You take it or throw it away. I normally just burn them but since you have that ridiculous rule about open flames in the flat...” He trails of leaving the sentence unfinished as he closes the door behind him.
He stopped on the doorstep, one foot on the stair and one on the street, not daring to take the final step in the end. He placed his hand up on the smooth wood of the door. It felt almost warm under his chilled palm. For a heart-breaking moment he let everything come back to him, all the memories that he had spent the last two years trying to forget about.
So, they had at least access to some rudimentary form of intelligence otherwise they would not have known Mycroft had used those precise words. Sherlock was of course very aware that she only told him so that he would know she knew, it was a display or power, nothing more, nothing less. This was a woman used to getting what she wanted just with sheer force of will or hired muscle if will failed. He would have to be very careful he thought. However, she did not know that Mycroft saying that was practically him begging on his bare knees for Sherlock to pursuit this case.
“Yes it was. We are good friends but nothing more. I know that,” Was he asking if John knew that too? He supposed he did know it, just for a short time he had whished for something more. John did what he should have done from the start; he buried those feelings far, far down, locked the door on them and threw away the key.
But this Starbucks had been the only cafe or restaurant with a window facing the office he was staking out. So he sat in his uncomfortable plastic chair, trying to avoid getting upset by the smell of bake-up bread and detergent.
Sherlock breaks away, burying his face in John’s throat, his breathing coming fast and irregular. His hand push in between them and John meets him there and they grab both their erections together. Frantically and uncoordinated they both start to push up and down, John’s hand over Sherlock. They soon get into a rhythm and as John feels Sherlock’s slick, hard dick against his and Sherlock’s hands on him he moans, “Sherlock,” and then he is coming, hot white strand shooting up and covering their chests and subsequently Sherlock is right there with him, biting down hard on John’s collarbone as he comes, a muffled cry wrung into his skin.
“Take it easy, I am unarmed,” Sherlock said instead, not looking at John. He raised his hands over his shoulders and walked into the next room, around the corner and John stayed put hand moving towards his gun.
John wasn’t sure how long they stood there, hungry mouths and hands going everywhere, the rest of the world forgotten in that very basic and human need to touch and be touched. To feel another human respond to your fingers, shiver under your caress. It had been a long time since John had been this physically close to anyone and he had forgotten the sheer pleasure and comfort it was possible to find in another’s embrace.
John lowers the mug, not even bothering with the pretence anymore and allows himself to stare openly. Maybe it is the time of year or the promise he has decide to make, but he doesn’t know. Sherlock is wearing dark blue chinos and in his horizontal position John can see the matching socks over his shoes and, oh, John thinks slightly breathless, the slight bulge where his crotch is.
Lestrade looked around the room and concluded that most seemed done eating and announced the debriefing started, he talked shortly about the case and called it a success before introducing Sherlock. “I believe most of you know Mr Holmes, he played an important part and will make some events clearer to all of us.”
Sherlock came up to the table, John watching him like a shadow in the corner of his eye. He put something on the table in front of John and for a second John forgot himself and glanced up at him, something lurched and raved behind a locked door but what we ignore can’t hurt us John thought. He tore his eyes away and instead picked up the photo Sherlock had placed on the table as he dipped bread in sauce and stuffed his mouth full.
“Please,” He said and gestured at the door, urging her to leave, “I am so sorry. The reception will book you a new appointment.”
“If you are done joking can we get back to the case...,” He didn’t wait for an answer or finish the sentence but suddenly fixed his gaze on something and taking a steady grip on John’s upper arm pulled him along straight into the dancing crowd.
The two men were sharing lunch; Lestrade, who looked perhaps even more tired than the other day had shown up at the clinic, wearing civilian clothes, asking John to eat with him. John, pleased that he had an excuse to throw away his canteen with leftovers, gladly agreed.
John snorts, today he is putting his foot down; he is not letting barefoot Sherlock win this argument. He ignores the puppy dog look Sherlock affects and instead thinks about his own dream of walking and experiences a slight sense of déjà vu.
“I will never understand your need for stating the obvious,” Sherlock answered, a weak smile on his lips as he looked up at John.
He sighed and sat upright and idly watched the grey buildings sidle by. It was almost Christmas or at least the right season. He did his best to avoid thinking about it though, yet it was hard with all the windows done up with lights and colours. It was the time of year when people went shopping with money they did not have, ate and drank too much, and spent time with people they… John stopped himself and shook his head. For a moment he had almost thought about him.
After a moment, he leaned back and looked me straight in the eye. “I love you, John Watson” he said, his eyes serious, but the barest hint of a  smile.
What a scene before me. Mary’s friends and ours milled about, chatting. A couple of women tied festive flowers and bows on the sides of the pews. Everyone was dressed in lovely outfits, pastels, befitting the season. Some of the women wore hats, including Mrs. Hudson. Faces glowing as they leaned toward each other, laughing, imagining the beautiful event they were about to witness.
He reached between us, his large artist’s hand finding both our cocks, stroking, caressing, my cock against his, both of us in his hand. “God….God…” was all I could get out. I was drowning in arousal.
Holding him like that, I felt such emotion, such tenderness, such.....love, but somehow it just seemed too much, too soon to say; I should wait.
I returned to my place on the sofa, sprawled out, my head leaning against the back. Relief again coursed through my body, and I laughed through the tears I was still shedding. God, I couldn’t wait to hold him. I breathed, trying to calm myself. I wasn’t even sure John would want to have sex, so getting myself all worked up was not necessarily advisable. My body wasn’t really cooperating with this sound advice. I felt my cock harden just at the thought of being with him soon.
Minutes ticked by, another hour. I felt sick. My skin was clammy and I was having trouble breathing.
At that, I knew all was lost. I knew of course this is what would happen, that John would count on me to do the right thing, forget about our night of passion, reboot the program that got interrupted. I held the phone away from my mouth and sobbed quietly. “Right,” I continued. “I figured you’d want to get on with…”
The first was that, for a long time, I had been almost completely unaware of the feelings I’d had for this army doctor who’d changed my life four years ago. To be sure, throughout our time together, there were always these sparks of attraction, jolts of arousal, moments of innuendo. I’d look up as from a day dream, consider with the barest awareness the possibility of taking things further with him, and then tuck the idea away again, certain that “there’d be time in the future” to pursue these fantasies. Alas.
“Omigod. Right. Listen, whatever you do, you must keep it brief. Don’t say anything outlandish. Make it sound like I was some type of scoundrel, but nothing too terrible, and that Mary thought better of it. Okay? Do you have that?”
The bed hit my legs and I fell back, inching back onto the blankets, holding his gaze. The slight break in the action required by maneuvering helped me get my bearings a bit more, slightly reduced this overwhelming crescendo I’d felt myself heading toward. He was facing me now, both on our sides, his breathing heavy, his brow furrowed as he looked into my eyes, slowly stroking the side of my face. He stroked down further on my neck, my shoulder, just lightly dusting his fingertips, cataloguing my every inch. He started to caress my chest, gently circling around the left nipple. This turned out to be incredibly arousing, a bit surprising, not something I’d been on the receiving end of too often, well, frankly because I was always focusing on her nipples,
… And then, the meandering fantasy would evaporate, almost as if I’d shaken myself, and I was back on earth, and about to get married. To a woman. To Mary.
about John’s life, our bride groom to be, have been…revealed.” An unbidden image of he and I writhing on the floor flooded my brain, taking my breath. I shook my head vigorously and continued.
Nonetheless, he’d be in my dreams almost every night, holding me, pressing me to him, caressing the back of my head with his hand. It felt like I was melting. I had such joy in the dream, and then despair upon awakening.
There was a rumble John felt when he was closing in on coming. Did Sherlock feel such too? His breath became even more shallow; the ecstasy of going toward this inevitable crescendo, while not quite being there, in the neighborhood of the divine, knowing you’d arrive soon. Such bliss. “God, Sherlock, I’m close,” his breath coming in fast bursts; “so close.”
But. Also….what? what else was I feeling? I stared at myself in her mirror, looking like death, but feeling what?
There were times when he seemed to be almost flirting with me, though I had a strong suspicion of wishful thinking. My urge to raise myself out of that chair throw myself at his feet was overwhelming.
“You do? You’ll show me?” John’s eyes widened with his smile. “Go get it, mister!” and he slapped Sherlock’s arm playfully.
“Listen,” he cut in, sounding desperate. “I don’t know what’s happening to me…I don’t really know who I’ve been or where I’m going. But I know this: what we had last night, I have GOT to have it again, do you understand? I’ve GOT to…..SOON…..A LOT.......So how can I get married? What am i going to do? Stand next to Mary in a church and then drag you into a closet somewhere? And then come to Baker Street tomorrow morning? Don’t you see?” he pleaded with me.
Then…to have to be left alone in 221B, watching his back disappear as he walked down the stairs, or even following him down to the front door to say goodnight, thank you, to lean my head as close to his as I could, to inhale him as much as possible before he was swallowed up by his life without me. Too much to bear.
When we both reached the edge of the bed we froze for a moment. His face looked almost pained, his breathing shallow. “John” he said with intensity, and the look in his eyes melted into desire. He grabbed my face roughly and brought his lips toward mine. My head was swimming, but I stepped off the bed and reached my arms around him, one hand on his shoulder, one hand wound in his hair. He moved both hands to my back and pulled me flush with him, groaning when we made that more intimate contact. His body felt so sweet, so delicious, so perfect in my arms, and I moaned as I got harder.
“Okay,” the doctor said, with an impish grin, gently returning Sherlock to sitting next to him. “Now I want to see the picture.”
I must admit, my eyes had probably glazed over a bit, I was so entranced by his lovely voice, in my ear, so close. I still felt somewhat in shock over the whole business. “Yes, John, right..” I figure I’d better add in.
I was getting harder by the second, surprised and relieved that the alcohol had not impaired erectile functioning. He pressed against me, and I could feel him, hard as a rock.
A devastated look in her eyes. “But you’re not….gay,” she whispered, incredulous, shaking her head. “I know you’re not…we have sex all the time, all the time…” she added, with emphasis.
“You can’t stop me,” John said in a teasing voice, rolling Sherlock onto his back and kissing his forehead. “You can’t. I’ll ask her myself when we get there, and she will say yes.” John was positively gleeful and it was Sherlock’s turn to roll his eyes.
And there we were, somehow, in our chairs, blessedly able to continue our dance, care of two fingers of scotch. John had somehow created this ridiculous game, involving figuring out who we were by staring at each other and asking questions, and though getting drunker by the minute, the irony was not lost on me.
“When’s the last time you had a good cry?” John asked, raising up on his elbow to look down at his lover. He was worried he might be pushing things a bit, but he sallied forth nonetheless.
As soon as I regained control of my musculature, I drew him to me in a tight embrace. I couldn’t help but smile, and then laugh lightly. “Well….” I started. I felt like I should say something. Applaud, maybe, hand out an award. “That was…amazing." I breathed into his hair, kissing the top of his head. "Extraordinary…quite extraordinary.” He seemed to remember the words too.
I suddenly remembered the feeling of grinding into him last night, actually having forgotten that this was the
After about an hour or so of this, the crowd seemed to thin. Some had volunteered to text others, the few remaining seemed to almost enjoy their vigil, as if having endured some act of God together. So, feeling my duty dispensed with, I bid my farewell and headed home.
It never dawned on me, in no way entered my mind, that I would lose some rare opportunity that I’d had with him. That this window which I’d barely been able to open, would suddenly, permanently close without my knowledge or say so. Never saw it coming.
. I rolled on my side and tried to focus down to just the next inhale, but my thoughts were racing now.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mrs. Hudson, Molly and Lestrade approaching, their eyes wide and unbelieving. I’d expected as much. Lestrade started.
My mind continued to race, remembering more of last night, trying to sit up, laying back down, at once racing a hundred kilometers an hour and completely immobilized.
Sherlock and John: drunken groping, almost no words exchanged, barely a thought registered, easily erased the morning after.
! Anything, anything could be happening. He could be giving in, changing his mind, overwhelmed with guilt, smacking himself on the forehead…
Indeed, it was only when I’d spent the agonizing two years away from him that it became clearer and clearer to me what he meant to me.
I leaned toward him, closer, closer still. I somehow felt something moving me, moving me, almost against my will, and yet somehow feeling completely in synch with what was happening. Most of mind luxuriating in the bleary eyed irresponsibility of inebriation, but that one corner of my mind, that little bastard, pushing me between my shoulder blades, off my chair, dropping in front of him.
Tears welled up in my eyes. “I can’t wait,” I said huskily, trying not to let the sob rising in my throat reveal itself over the airwaves.
time clicked by, and I suddenly realized what was actually happening. John wasn’t out at the surgery, or buying milk, or grabbing a pint somewhere. Noooo, I realized with growing distress. He was out with his fiancee, his beautiful, womanly, vulnerable fiancee, with whom he’d bonded so deeply as to propose marriage. Attempting to negotiate the terms of their separation.
Sherlock, staring intently at John, when he wasn’t moaning his name into his ear, or kissing his temple, noticed immediately. His face clouded, his rhythm slowed. “What?” he asked.
“Hardly. Factual, self serving, even. How you would have weathered all those years, I have no idea. Indeed, you might have run screaming into the night when we were fourteen.” John rolled his eyes and tightened his grip around Sherlock’s neck.
My feelings of longing were intensifying, and I felt for the first time that night, real fear. He was so close, his beautiful body lounging back in a way I’d never seen, inviting me, beckoning like a siren. His eyes, teasing and kind, the combination that I’d realized had been rescuing me since the day we’d met, allowing me up to the surface of the human world, where I’d been drowning up til then.
Sherlock let himself drop heavily, as they both lost use of their muscles, sinking into each other and the bed.
“This is you…” John said in awe. “Wow…look at you!” He stared deeply into the eyes of the young child staring back at him.
John sounded angry, shocked, his breathing loud and fast in my ear. “What?! What are you saying? Where the hell are you?”
My eyes were a dead giveaway, I knew it. I tried to look sternly, then I melted into humor, then lust, then love, now grief—
I rolled my head to the side and scanned the room with one eye. The throbbing in my head intensified and no flatmate. I called as loudly as my invalided state would allow. “Sherlock! Where the bloody hell are you??” Silence.
…” John’s mind shouted, but his mouth (thank you very much) stayed shut. As long as his mind was having a go, he let it run.“
“Okay,” John said mildly. He had learned that there were moments like this, not usually awash in tears, but times when Sherlock was frustrated with himself, the world, everyone in his path. He’d pace the flat, clench his teeth, and shake his fist, not being able to control what he desperately wanted to. At those moments, John had learned that it was best to say nothing at all, as saying anything (“you’re being an idiot,” “you’re completely brilliant,” “Earl Grey okay?”) would just further the spiral into angry outbursts. In those moments, John would slow his breathing, try to relinquish any frustration he himself was feeling, and just send peaceful thoughts Sherlock’s way.
All night, and if I’m honest, on and off for a while, some amount of confusion had been buzzing around inside of me, because of Sherlock. Just because Sherlock was…..well, Sherlock. Only dimly aware of this, it was also true that at times, a certain pang of clarity cut through the confusion, seeming to light up something I was supposed to see, and then the light again doused abruptly by the confusion, before I could get much of a look.
Molly gasped, her hand flying to her mouth. She flew toward me and embraced me. “I feel like saying congratulations!”
I was so close to the edge, and so was he. The look in his eye was wild—what a thrill. He was as enthralled with me, with my body, my sounds, my hands, as I was with him. I reached between us, my hand touching his, longing to feel the both of us at once. I took up the rhythm he’d set, and he rewarded me by moaning my name again and again. With his free hand he reached behind my arse, and raised my thigh over his own leg.
my throbbing prick. He slid his thumb over the slit, and twirled it lightly, spreading the copious pre-cum over the head, down the shaft. I was in heaven, moaning his name, and thrusting into his hand.
You did not have to ask me twice. I rose without hesitation and, not able to wait any longer, disrobed as I walked. The dressing gown fell back off of me, pooling on the floor. I undid the tie on the pajama trousers and they slipped down as I moved forward. I opened the door of the room and stepped out of them, fully naked before my lover.
I felt hot tears. This was undoubtedly one of the most tender moments I’d ever experienced during sex, and this…what? Being both dominated and adored? Not something I think I’d ever had before. Nope. Never had this before. I loved it. I absolutely loved it. I would not have predicted this about myself, but it seemed to be a day for me to be smashing through expectations, definitions, categories.
“Yes,” John continued, “meeting in the nursery—now that would have been something. I wonder if you were some kind of brilliant baby, that would have been standing and running and climbing on things when the others of us were just rolling over.” John chortled at his own joke. “Wait a minute, “ he said. “Baby pictures! We are going to your folks’ place next weekend, aren’t we? Ring up Mummy Holmes and tell her to drag out all the baby pictures! Yes- that will be a fantastic way to get to know you.” John practically clapped his hands in delight.
Only Lestrade seemed to reflect the true state we were in. He rolled his eyes and groaned. “Sherlock, what’s that thing John is always saying to you? ‘Timing…’ right, Sherlock? Timing”
And then things began to slide a bit. Perhaps I’d somehow miscalculated the amount of alcohol I could hold, and then he was not particularly forthcoming about his output of urine at that fourth place. But no matter, the pleasant buzz I’d been trying to maintain started to deepen, commandeer more neurons than I’d planned on, affect my balance, my ability to maintain visual acuity, the quality of my speech, and, and…
He interrupted me abruptly. “Okay, I’m going to need your help with this. I’m going to need you to be there all day, and explain it to everyone. That we’re not getting married after all. Do you understand??”
I wanted to scream, to stop the cab and run around in traffic, jumping up and down on cars in celebration. My heart was pounding and I felt faint.
Then, it hit me, though.  I realized its one thing to flail around with someone in a darkened room, your bodies and brains soaked in enough alcohol that a match should not be lit in your presence, two lost boys, crashing into each other, with no thought of past or future, giving into the false freedom of your frontal lobe being blessedly off line. That’s one thing.
They were operating on pure instinct from this wanting part of my body, my brain, my soul. Have got to get closer…. I pulled his shirt out of his trousers and let my fingertips touch his skin, at first trying to maintain some gentleness, but quickly resorting to the urgency I felt coursing through me, pressing him to me. I put one hand between us, grazed his waist, and then gently cupped his erection.
Sherlock was up the stairs in seconds, scanning the room at the top, it was full of debris from the renovations and sun beams from the ceiling window broke in the dust particles floating in the air. The officers spread out all around him like a fan in every possible direction. Uniform clad shadows walking slightly hunched, the guns in their hands giving them an otherworldly appearance, such a rarity for an English police officer. Tessa stayed dutifully at his side as he himself took his spoke in the half-wheel shaped search pattern.
“Yes but normally people tend to use their umbrellas, or just stay indoors,” John said gesturing at the black umbrella Sherlock was still holding.
Sherlock shakes his shoulders and turns to stare out the window like this, really is very inconsequential and he could not care less. John smiles suddenly and wonders if maybe, just maybe Sherlock is not so ice cold or uncaring about Christmas as he pretends. The burning of presents maybe more about brotherly rivalry than an aversion against the holiday per se.
“That is how it should be,” John said and studied his fingernails, he could not let Sherlock see the regret in his eyes as he said that.
“Will you tell me what you where about to say when Sara and the goons stormed in?” John said, deciding to just throw it out there, before he had time to dwell on it too much. It was the morning after and they were sitting in their own comfortable sitting room, John in his usual chair and Sherlock sprawled all over the sofa. Sitting up straight on furniture must have been something his parents overlooked during his upbringing. Each of them had a cup of tea in front of them; light beaming in on them from the window in thick, heavy rays.
John tried with his mind to will the blood away by thinking of football but for some reason that led to locker rooms which led to showers and then he was back where he had started.
“Come in, come in officer,” The man invited him inside, closing the door behind him, Sherlock walked immediately into the kitchen, opening the flowery curtains; a perfect view of the bus stop. On the kitchen table was a notebook and a pair of binoculars.
As he knocked on the door there was no answer, he knocked again, this time harder. He could hear shuffling inside. He banged again and bent down to shout into the letter opening, “It is the police, open up,” The shuffling steps approached the door and he could hear a security chain slide out of its bracket.
“You received a parcel, it’s on the living room table,” John shouts over his shoulder as he hears the door open in the hallway. He brings out another mug from the overhead cupboard and pours a second cup from the teapot.
“You can see me so you know I am here,” Sherlock didn’t even look over at Lestrade standing in the doorway but instead fixed his eyes on the mess he had made of the back wall. With a blue whiteboard pen he had scribbled all over the crisp, white paint. Arrows, notes, numbers, and names, everything he could think of connected to the case was there in a jumbled mess more resembling a child’s drawing of a whirlwind than anything a sane man could have produced.
When John made no move he sat himself carefully down on the edge of the sofa, long legs folded under him, “John?”
“They wouldn’t talk; I think they knew who had done it. But they are people trying to make life work. At some point when you have seen enough you just want to forget and move on. It doesn’t matter if it was the Russians doing it or the Russians suffering, people had died.”
He went over the buildings layout again, forever stored away in his head and ah, he thought, that was it.
Lestrade, dark bruises under his eyes from lack of sleep, left hand fidgeting from a bad coffee habit, had informed them that they were still trying to match the dental record from the last victim, so far without success.
John closed the door behind him and put his bag of groceries on the kitchen table: milk, tea, noodles, bread, and a jar of marmite, that oh so English condiment. Not for himself, he absolutely abhorred marmite with all the zealousness and passion he could muster but Sherlock for some reason loved it.
Sherlock just nodded in acquiescent as John went into the kitchen. John was not at all aware of the slight sucking noise produced as Sherlock made good of his request and shrugged his shirt off.
Sherlock had shown him the name and photos of the ones who had been killed; they had all worked closely with Peter in one way or another, all linked to this strange organization.
But he hadn’t. As always Sherlock’s calm reasoning had won him over and now here he was; feeling like a fish on dry land.
“But there are always risks in something like this. Most of the time there are no always or never, we just have to take it as it comes. Taking risks is what life is all about.”
John took a sip on his drink, it was neon green. Why would anyone want to drink something that was green? Such a vile colour. Not even green tea, which he had dabbled in when times had been worse and he had been desperate for anything to make life better, is really green, he though. More of a natural brown-green. He had tried to order a pint of bitter but the young bartender hadn’t been able to hear him over the insane noise of the night club and in the end had just given him this green sludge. It had a horrible, sickly sweet taste that coated his tongue and the roof of his mouth. But Sherlock had said to blend in, so drink it he did.
It was of no use, of course, and he probably knew it, although he would never admit it. It had been like this for weeks. The sitting room with all its exotic and strange items had never seemed so small.  It was as if the entire room was filled with Sherlock’s presence which was slowly but surely taking over Watson’s every conscious and unconscious thought. John was a man drowning; the very air he breathed was poison.
John snorts, “I believe it is your turn to make us some so you tell me.” It had in fact been Sherlock’s turn for the last three months but somehow it was still John who ended up cooking or ordering take-away anyhow.
The bus stop was empty, not that he had expected anything else. Scanning the street a flicker of a curtain on the opposite side caught his attention, just what he was looking for.
“I thought it was time you and I had a little talk, we have been observing your...” She paused as if she was searching for words, “...activities.”
Sherlock was sitting in the back of a cab, fingers drumming restlessly on his knee, one hand closed into a tight fist resting under his chin. So stupid, John had been right, he was thick. How had he not seen this before, it was so obvious and now his carelessness would get John killed.
Sherlock had his arm around John’s waist, and his other hand holding John’s arm wrapped around his shoulders, trying to half carry half drag his friend up the stairs. After traversing the staircase and subsequently managing to get John to shed at least his shoes and jacket he dropped him on the bed.
John didn’t bother warming it; he just grabbed a plate and sat down on a chair. As he was tearing the bag open Sherlock came out from his bedroom. John didn’t look up, just focused on the task of pouring sauce over rice and taking a bite of the Naan bread, garlic, his favourite. Sherlock would know.
Peter sneered at John. Face contorted in a mask of rage and madness, eyes gleaming like a cornered weasel. He lifted the shotgun as if to hit Sherlock again, John saw his chance and took it.
Peter’s face twisted in a mad grimace and before they could react he swiped the butt of the shotgun across Sherlock’s temple, not hard enough to break but hard enough to hurt.
“It makes perfect sense John, you obviously won´t do anything yourself or you would have already. This way we can clear your head and get back to the case. I have done the calculations already; this is the fastest, most rational solution.” He sounded perfectly calm, logical and cool even though it was absolute madness.
Sherlock left his untouched coffee cup behind and followed at a distance as she crosses into Regent Street. The city was filled with early Christmas shoppers and Sherlock had no trouble following her unseen, weaving his way between stressed out moms and posh couples. The woman continued in on Burton Street and slowly criss-cross her way along the smaller roads until she reached Park Lane.
He blows carefully on the surface of his tea, trying to cool it down enough that he can avoid scalding himself. He studies Sherlock over the top of his mug, a familiar tumbling feeling in his stomach so old and worn by now that he hardly registers it. His roommate looks brooding today, a small crinkle between his eyebrows and a faraway look in his eyes; apparently lost to the world. His cheeks are rosy from the cold outside and it lends him an almost healthy glow.
He tried to keep calm but that feeling of impending doom, a black bottomless pit of despair that he had waited for all morning finally descended upon him. His breathing was loud and harsh in his ears as the car swerved through the streets.
“Take it easy, you are hurt,” He said, voice hoarse, unable to hide the joy on his face as Sherlock’s eyes flickered and opened. His hand shot out, fisting the fabric of John’s shirt, hanging on to him with all his weight.
For once Sherlock looked as tired as him, a flush on his otherwise white cheeks and he was holding on to John’s arm in a mutual attempt at staying upright. John leaned back and let the rough brick wall take his weight, running a hand through his hair as he did. He closed his eyes as he tried to quiet his breathing.
John did not deign to answer or rise to the bait by being called a blogger, instead he got up and threw the hard, square package of nicotine patches at Sherlock, who either pretended not to notice or simply didn’t that the force of the throw was slightly more than was necessary.
He circled slowly around dead man number two for what must be the eleventh time, looking for that something he was missing. He knew that if he just persisted then eventually they would talk to him, give up all of their secrets. It was just a matter of knowing what to listen for, and he was good at this, had always been good at this. Corpses had never disturbed him like they did other people; they never judged you after all. Wouldn’t stare at you sideways when they thought you weren’t looking.
“See you brought your friend as well, always the coward hiding behind others.  He will not be able to help you if that was what you thought.”
John ran faster than he could remember having run before. Legs pumping madly below him, muscles strained to the breaking point, heart pounding so loud in his ears that he wasn’t sure he heard steps behind them anymore. Before him Sherlock ran, smooth and unhindered, long limbs flowing over the cobbled streets, constantly changing direction. John had no idea how he did it, he seemed to know every street, every intersection, and every passageway in London. John dared a quick glance over his shoulder only to realize that they were still chased.
John reached for his eyes only to be stopped by the feeling of fabric, he clawed at the bag pulled over his head. A strong grip held him and his hands were pulled roughly onto his back, something hard and sharp holding them there. Someone put a hand on his head and he was forced into a small compartment smelling of oil and metal. The boot of a car he realised as the boot cover slammed closed above him, cutting of the noise of the street.
Sherlock turns back and John glances at him from the corner of his eyes; the man continues to stare into the open fridge as if hoping something would magically appear now that his pity speech had not shown any effect. John shakes his head thinking that there has to be something fundamentally flawed with him when the sight of bare feet is enough for him to start to sweat.
For a moment the world went white. Every colour bleached from his surrounding into nothing, drowning out both sight and sound.
Sherlock moved his hips against John’s, bucking into the man under him. John’s eyes opened and he moved back, grinding his hips back as they both frantically touched. John’s eyes were glassed over and Sherlock could see himself in the shiny surface, the pupils dilated. Sherlock froze, John was pumped full of pain killers, which ones? He didn’t know, hadn’t paid attention to the nurses handing the white pills over.
The unease in his stomach at that thought was something new for Sherlock. It disconcerted him. Lately he had come to realise that he needed John. His life had changed since they had met, for the better.
They were sitting in a small corner restaurant somewhere in Soho. The place was no more than a hole in the wall, plastic chairs stacked tight around the small round tables. From the ceiling hung Chinese paper lanterns in red and yellow, slightly spotted with dust. The clientele was mostly Asian in origin except for the stray tourist finding their way there on occasion. The food however, was top notch and true to its Chinese roots.
“Oh? Lestrade finds this on a corpse and oh is your answer?” Sherlock looked baffled, leaning over the coffee table towards Watson, intense eyes burning a hole in John’s head.
“I found you. Shall we get you home?” John didn’t answer, he just slid down his barstool and had to grab Sherlock’s arm to stop himself from keeling over, “Sureletsgo.”,
As he fiddled with the lock Sherlock told him about the tattoo and that it was a mark of membership to a Christian cult, very small, very secret.
John just shakes his head and decides that explaining would take too much time and he needs to retreat into his room right now.
It was evening when John woke again, this time in his own bed. The sharp pain in his head was gone, left was just a dull background ache which was easier to ignore. He didn’t rise straight away instead he focused on his body, stretching and flexing his right arm, trying all the joints. Moving to the hand he spread all the fingers and bent them one by one, rolled the knuckles back and forth. He continued with his other arm and then his legs. He kept his mind on his limbs, feeling the stiffness in his leg as he stretched it.
A normal human contains approximately 5,6 litres and right now it seemed like this man had been drained of every drop. Crusted red and black on the floor and walls of the tiny bathroom stall, bleeding into the cracks of the worn tiles where it still hadn’t coagulated properly. The air was filled with a stale metallic odour which stuck to your skin and spoke of violent death.
“It seems they have moved on, we are safe for the moment,” John slapped back into reality, him and Sherlock hiding in a tiny alley, trying for cover from the people chasing them. People that had it in for him personally and he snapped.
He left John and ran two steps at a time down into the sitting room. He was missing something in the case; there was something wrong and not only John’s behaviour.
“You just can’t Sherlock, trust me on this,” he says verily and then swallows, “It should be something both want not just something you give away,” he finishes.
The sight of Sherlock draped over the outsized sofa is not something which should make John’s mouth go dry and heat flood to his nether regions. It most definitely should not. Yet even though John tells himself this many, many times every day his body still plays these treacherous games on him.
As he cut Sherlock free, pulling the broken vest off him, he couldn’t help but cry out as he spotted the mess of Sherlock’s chest, a mass of angry red bruises and dark blood smeared all over it, covering him in a wide jagged circle across the torso. He felt carefully, fingers trailing the hurt flesh, feeling for things broken beyond repair. He counted six fractured ribs, but none shattered and no actual bullet holes, just skin broken from hard impact.
John closed the door behind him and started walking towards his bus stop. His head hurt like never before and the day so far was reminding him why he never really drank much. His mouth tasted like the bottom of an ashtray mixed with vinegar that had gone sour and the light hurt his eyes. He wasn’t quite sure but he thought he might still be a bit drunk because that horrible, life wrenching feeling of angst which normally accompanied his hangovers had yet to appear. It would come though; a feeling of impending doom made him sure of it.
“I was hoping you would tell me,” Sherlock said as he took the note. He observed John in that cataloguing way of his, noticing and analysing every movement, every detail.
“I thought I was the doctor here Sherlock, I think I would know if I had a fever.” He tried to sound casual and straightened his back to appear more confident, when he became acutely aware of his friend’s hand tightly circling his upper arm. The heat through the fabric of his shirt suddenly seemed more intense than before. Involuntarily his breath quickened.
“Nothing fatal I hope,” the woman named Sara said and eyed Sherlock’s bruises, “I see why you keep a doctor at hand.”
Suddenly they found themselves on their knees on the floor, limbs tangled, frenzied hands pulling at garments. John gasped as Sherlock bit his neck, running his tongue down towards his collar bone. A wet, hot trail across his skin which sent goose bumps all down his arms and made him go instantly hard in his trousers.
Sherlock closed the door to the flat on Baker Street behind him. He was glad John had accepted his apology. Now he knew that John saw them as friends foremost. It was good to have that mess straightened out he told himself. Now he could focus on finding this murderer. All those other things only got in the way and clouded his judgment. Love in his experience was a very inconvenient thing.
John quieted, he had suddenly put words to one of the many things which had hunted him for months, experiences that he still did not know what to do with or how to handle. Things slowly eating him up from the inside out.
Taking a deep breath he felt the caffeine rush through him, the doctor in him narrated the path the central stimulant took through his body. His hearth started to beat faster, the receptors for adenosine blocked, waking him up, and his breathing and blood pressure increased as the drug hit his system in full. As blood rushed through his veins he could feel certain parts of his body reacting more than were perhaps necessary. He needed… well he was a doctor and he understood his body, he knew exactly what it needed right now besides rest.
He had been so relieved yesterday and the painkillers had mellowed him out, giving him that last bit of courage. Lying in that place and wondering if he would ever see Sherlock or anyone else ever again he had vowed to himself to stop being the coward, if he lived he would tell Sherlock how he felt. There was no helping it and he owed it to himself, to both of them, to be honest.
“...it was so much more, but at the time it was just one of those things. Things you see in war which when you are in it you just live through, because live through it is all you can do. These things which you have no control over happen to you and then you move on, you talk about the latest film and your family, because you have to continue living.”
He opened his eyes as he had his breathing under control, muscles relaxing slightly. He then became acutely aware of Sherlock’s body pressed up against his. He was looking at the side of the pale curve of Sherlock’s neck, whose hands were up on the brick wall on each side of John’s head. Sherlock’s body pushed flush against his, not an inch of air between them. He could feel his friend’s heart beat against his, chest pressing against his every time any of them breathed in. His head started to spin as the warmth from Sherlock’s body slowly seeped through his clothing.
“I do not live here,” he tried saying it out loud. But it did not change anything; he had still walked here, without even realizing what he was doing.
He throws the blankets off freeing his constricted limbs in an attempt at cooling down. Before rising further he pushes a hand into his trousers and jerks himself off, the knuckles of his other hand shoved into his mouth to keep any noises down. He very purposefully tries not to let his mind wander to a certain tall, lithe roommate of his. It does not work of course and he might have come, panting hard biting down on his hand, to a brief, fantastic image of Sherlock on his knees.
He sighed and rubbed a hand over his eyes, this was not going overly well. Over in the window the abuse had stopped and Sherlock was standing motionless, hands down his sides, the instrument hanging limp from his hands.
Maybe it was just the difficulty of separating close friendship from love since he has had so little of either. All he knew was that people in general left if he became too close; in some way or another he ruined them. He was not stupid after all; he tended to not make the same mistake more than once.
He pulled his hand away and swore out loud, massaging his fingers. He looked around with shame at his sudden outburst and the elaborated avoidance he saw among his fellow commuters as they did their best not to see him darkened his mood further. A young mother accidentally met his eyes as he glowered; she palled and turned around so that she was standing between him and her young son.
Just like the day before that and the day before that. Nothing special, just what life consisted of, a series of days you could not tell apart. He nodded to himself, he was content; everything had worked out for the best. He was better off as it was now, he thought.
Lestrade looked out the window a faraway look as his eyes followed a woman out walking a Labrador clearly without really seeing her. He said, without turning to face John, “I don’t think you fully appreciate how much he has changed since you two moved in together. This will be hard on him, maybe more difficult for him than it is for you.”
“Pray tell me what wonders of mystery and imagination you are mussing over instead of helping me save these peoples’ lives?” John couldn’t stop himself blushing, he coughed and turned his head to the side, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t notice.
Sherlock carefully lifted his coat of the hat rack so as not to disturb John and exited the flat. He avoided the police stationed in the hallway and made his way outside. He had to get away, this place that used to be his haven; his calm place now seemed full of tension and unrest which he himself had created. It was time for some desperate action on his part.
He falters a bit as he enters the kitchen and sees Sherlock standing in front of the refrigerator, pale blue light illuminating his front and John thinks that it is too early in the morning for this. Sherlock is wearing his ridiculous upper class pyjamas, all dark red silk matching three piece set, robe hanging open showing off the paisley pattern on the trousers and shirt. He is barefoot and that for some reason makes John’s stomach do a slow grinding somersault.
“What do you know of justice, what do you know of revenge? You had them send me home, when it was your fault,” The red turned purple and John suddenly feared for his life but he could not stop himself.
“John, are you even listening to me?” Watson was pulled abruptly awake as Holmes’s hand landed on his shoulder. He looked around the dark sitting room and realized that he must have fallen asleep for a second.
“Won’t you please sit down,” She pointed towards a visitor’s chair in front of the desk. It was a good three inches lower than hers. Hardly a coincidence Sherlock thought as he took in the scene, a woman in need of confirming her position.
He was lost in a bloody maze in London’s largest night club with a killer who quite likely had at least one if not several knifes on his person, and by the look of the victims knew perfectly well how to handle them. Those boxer’s ears probably meant he wasn’t that bad in a standard knuckle fight either.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock replied, looking away as he reached for a cup of tea, aiming to give it to John. John stopped him, a tight, warm grip on wrist, fingers looping round. When Sherlock tried to reach for the cup, John didn’t let go but held it tight as he tried to pull away. His grip was firm, sending tingles up Sherlock’s arm.
He turned to go and thought he heard the landlord snort and whisper, “Drunk in a pub when he could be home with that,” under his breath but John just took aim at Sherlock’s back and left.
Focused on his task, take groceries out of bag, put groceries in correct places, avoid looking at suspect experiment in the fridge, he was startled when he heard a sudden sneeze from the sitting room.
“It is NOT ridiculous,” John murmurs to himself as he glances with remembered dread at the black stain on the ceiling where one of Sherlock’s experiments had left a permanent mark.
“I,” He stopped then forced himself to continue, “I have no idea why he would be after me.” The lie felt strange, it tasted bitter in his mouth, but there was no other action that felt right at this point. Just as it had been then.
“Which is what is telling us that he has medical training, now will you stop interrupt,” Lestrade just shook his head at Sherlock but he stayed quiet.
“Peter please, whatever you want this is between you and me. Let my friend go,” He tried to sound clam, confident. Don’t let him see your fear John thought.
“You had me worried there. Don’t you ever do that again or I will kill you myself. When I say run, you run,” He was just talking for the sound of it and there was no reproach in it, just fear dissipating, life felt too good right now to be angry John thought.
He pulled his collar up against the chill and waited. A wind came blowing down the street, wet leaves and bits of paper dancing around him in the breeze tugging at his coat.
The short hand to hand combat training he had received was still somewhere in the back of his head and he stomped down on the foot of the person grabbing him, earning a satisfactory grunt in return. The grip did not loosen however and for a second he saw his life flash past as the cricket bat seemed poised and aimed at his head. He struggled with renewed power, but to no use.
“Anyway, Peter grew absolutely rabid, the young officer in charge didn’t know what to do, nothing in his training had prepared him for this, it was all madness. I tried to stop Peter but he wrestled the gun from one of the soldiers, none of us was prepared for it, and he shoot one of the Afghani men. He died instantly, nothing I could have done.”
John was sitting with his laptop on his knees, forcibly believing in the fact that he didn’t sport a care in the world. Things were normal, dandy even.
Sherlock told them about the bodies, the first tangled in an old dry sluice of the London Bridge, meant to be released a few days before Christmas, arriving as a gift on the day the country celebrated. The one thereafter left in a gym toilet, silver pennies scattered to herald a traitor, in the same manner as the last one. He only mentioned John briefly, saying that they had worked together just as Peter’s troubles escalated for real. Just like that, without even lying, Sherlock had hinted to all present that it was just a coincidence that Peter had settled on John; just wrong place at the wrong time.
Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head up towards the sky as he let images of John flood him; he recapped, re-winded, examined, and filed away each and every one.
A drizzle was still falling from the overcast sky and the sodium lights were reflecting streaks of yellow on the wet asphalt. In the window glass he could see Sherlock’s ghostly image, his hands clasped under his chin as he calmly pondered the case. How could Sherlock have turned his entire world upside down without even noticing?
In a mad chase against time they had caught him just as the former pugilist was boarding a ship to Santiago. John could still feel the salty breeze against his face; hear the blare of the foghorn and see Sherlock’s straight back and his scarf flaring in the wind as they ran along the pier.
“Sherlock…” he said. “I’m sorry, love, but I’m literally falling asleep as I talk.” I kissed the top of his head, stroking his hair. He called me “love.” I was in heaven.
John pursed his lips and cleared his throat, not sure how much of that he wanted to get into right now. “Well,” he started, looking at the ceiling. “I just feel very grateful for you some times. Do you ever have that, where you feel moved by something I do, and just feel grateful?”
Sherlocks breath quickened. “So you’re showing me you can get me aroused again ten minutes after I have an orgasm? Is that it?’ Sherlock moaned, starting to writhe in pleasure.
“That would be nice,” Sherlock said, falling onto his side, seemingly lost in thought. After a moment, he said “all the other kids are mean too,” his voice hitching in his throat. “They laugh at me, and say I should go away, that I don’t fit in, that I make them mad. So I just have Redbeard to play with..” He began to cry quietly.
Mostly, what kept crashing through my pleasant, buzzy confusion this night, was how good my detective looked. The drunker I got, the more he captured my attention, which I regarded from a corner of my mind with some amusement.
I did not remember exactly what happened last night. I did not know when my feelings for Sherlock had started, and I had no idea where they were going. I had no idea how I was going to unwind the knot I tied us all up in, but I knew this: if he were here right now, there was no force on the earth that would have stopped me from making love to him. Tenderly, passionately, desperately, violently, any and all of that, would be between us, right now, and I could imagine nothing, not police pounding up the stairs, not Mrs Hudson crying in the sitting room, not my fiancee waiting in the hallway, nothing, nothing would be stopping me from that.
I reached for his gorgeous cock, and found him in roughly the same condition I was in: hard, dripping, begging for contact. I mirrored the friction he just provided for me. “John, John, fuck” he groaned into my neck, and he began pushing into my hand. “Feel so good, so good…” he chanted.
“Boy, you’re on this picture kick, aren’t you?” but Sherlock seemed to think. “I do have one here,” he said, almost shyly.
The wall I’d been constructing on and off for years between us, between myself and the rest of the world, my artfully arranged facade, it all came down, and I joined my brave soldier in his apparent mission: honesty.
“So..” I sallied forth. “Then, obviously, Mary, having learned this and more sordid details to be sure, very understandably began to have second thoughts. Yes, well, wouldn’t you? Wouldn’t we all? Its not quite clear whether or not John has put assassinating behind him, so, well, that’s a tough start to a marriage, wouldn’t you agree? Yes, I think we’d all agree.”
Despite the momentary flood of arousal during my call with Sherlock, my hangover seemed to have returned full force, accompanied by perhaps a migraine headache and a panic attack. I’d called Mary from the cab, the most dreadful phone call I’d ever made.
Sherlock gripped my shoulders in a way that thrilled and terrified me. He knelt too, his eyes drilling into me, as he brought his face closer to mine. Beautiful. Overpowering. I couldn’t breathe but this thought stalked forth:
How could you describe this? What I was feeling? Certainly a little lightheaded, giddy even. Prone to laughing.
“John, you see..has a past. Well,” I stammered, “I guess we all have a past. But John’s past involves a bit of a double life..yes..a double life. And his other life is…uh..well quite different from the life of which we are all aware. Yes, John, unassuming, pleasant John, who we all know and love..well he’s actually, or he actually was a….what shall I say? uh well,” a thought struck. “Yes, he was a trained assassin.” There was a collective gasp, bewilderment, shock, disbelief.
I thought, knowing that was a bit dramatic, even for me. Imagining Mycroft rolling his eyes, I tried to give myself a mental shake and buck up. But I knew a part of me was dying, so my brusque pep talks weren’t sinking in. When I could no longer avoid it, I thought it best to make my way to the church and wait for John there. If I didn’t hear from him within the hour, I’d call to make sure he was awake.
So, as I said, my first problem: only realizing that I was madly in love with my flatmate when I was half a world away, and he thought I was dead.
God….he cried out. “You feel,..Jesus…perfect..” I had the feeling that any amount of friction was going to push me over the edge. I felt a bit stunned. He hadn’t really even touched my cock yet, right? I hadn’t missed that, had I? No I don’t think I’d miss that. How was I so close to coming with just what’s going on here?
I lay with him on top of me, struggling for breath, and feeling such a kind of joy, contentment, satisfaction.
Still, that was the faintest part of the experience. Mostly, I knew this was terrible, what I was doing, cowardly to not have figured this out sooner, spared her this “day of the wedding” debacle. When it was all said and done, I knew it was my own fear and weakness that had brought us to this place, raking her over these coals. And the only thing that could save me, and her, and heal this ugly wound I’d slashed into her, was time.
“Wha….?” she stared, her lovely mouth open. “The best man?! That’s not how its supposed to work, John…” she said, rather foolishly.
I felt such longing. I gritted my teeth as a brake pedal to the urge in my body, my hands, my mouth, to reach for him, engulf him in my warmth, luxuriate in his. Stroke his soft hair, his skin.
“I feel everything you are saying, and I can’t stand the thought of not making love to you again,” I said with such emotion in my voice.
An hour passed. Pacing back and forth, I grabbed the phone. Nothing. Not a beep, not a sound from the thing. No word from John. I turned it off and on. Re-booting was an essential function for computers, I reminded myself. Surely when the damn thing woke back up, it would find a text from John and I could start breathing again.
“Look, there’s a problem. I’ve caused a huge problem, and I..I can’t…I can’t let you marry me today..”
But, no. I knew better than to hope. I walked softly to the sitting room, picked up my violin (old friend), and left the flat.
Now John was treated to a frontal view, which wasn’t helping his breathing regulate. “My God,” he thought. “How did I get this man?
With any remaining brain cells I had operating, I marveled at his skill. His intuition in knowing how to approach this with me was overwhelming. If orgasms were mountain climbing, he’d deftly guided me up one the steepest slopes I’d ever known, with ease, passion, love?
But John got distracted in a way he should have predicted. It was about half four in the afternoon, and the light slanted into their bedroom, bathing everything, including his gorgeous boyfriend, in dramatic shafts of light. The sight of his flatmate’s nude form, seemingly ready made for classrooms full of art majors to sketch, made him catch his breath. For all of the cavorting they’d been doing, not all of it was completely naked, and besides the two times they’d made love in the shower, John hadn’t gotten such a picture perfect view of Sherlock’s body. Beautiful was an understatement.
Consciousness and recollection swam toward me, along with the profound disappointment of awaking to the apparent state my body was in.
A text alert sounded. My breath stopped. I dove for it like it was a grenade I had to throw out the window, and clicked it open.
I was, it turns out, best able to pretend with myself, up until the point when I could no longer. Since I’d seen John take out that ring at the restaurant, since this woman Mary had become a reality in my mind, I’d been pretending: pretending that the main thing I cared about was the mustache, pretending to like Mary, pretending to plan the wedding, pretending to be delighted planning the wedding, pretending that this reality would all fade away, and that John was still mine, and could become even more mine with just a bit of courage on my part.
I awoke with a start, at once completely aware of what had happened, where I was and what was about to be. I wasted no time on illusion. Or tried not to.
That was it. I could not see, could not hear, my whole world dissolving into falling stars within and around me, an orgasm I’d never seen the likes of before, pounding through me, splitting me in two. I think it was me I heard shouting, although his voice raised too as he stiffened and spilled over my hand, my my belly, my thighs.
Like everything with Sherlock, sex was intense. There was no forgetting where you were, no spacing off wondering where you’d left your umbrella, no doubting if your partner was paying attention to you. John reminded himself that this could be a bit of a honeymoon period, where the electricity between them could have lit a city block, where they felt magnetically pulled toward the other if they were within five meters of each other, where it was hard to think when the other was in the room. Sherlock applied the same platinum level of concentration to making love to John that he would to a corpse, a wall full of clues, the tells of his suspect. John felt entranced, his mind focused, his cock responsive and throbbing, and every cell in his body open, listening, feeling for Sherlock.
John: soldier, in every sense, brave, wise, doing the right thing, proceeding as any straight man might, to the altar, with his bride.
“Don’t…” I ground out; his face fell. “Stop!” I finished. “God, don’t stop!” and I dove toward him.. I couldn’t get close enough to him. I tried to wrap every ounce of my energy around him, two parts of puzzle slotting together after a life time apart.
Sherlock pulled gently out of John, and buried his face in his neck. John’s breath sounded like he’d just stopped running. “Jesus,” he laughed the laugh Sherlock loved the sound of. “How did I get on without this in my life? What in the hell did I do?” he mused, in (almost) mock disbelief. “What did I care about? I’m just not sure,” he went on, pulling the detective close to him. “You are just so marvelous,” he said, and Sherlock raised his head, his small smile widening just slightly, his eyes shining.
Then, his words coming out sleep slurred, he said the two most beautiful things, up there with "Possibly a serial killer," or "Mycroft is jealous of you...," things like his.  He said,
He all but froze in my arms, neither shoving me away nor returning the embrace in which I’d captured him. His body felt better than i could have imagined, soft and strong..I was in heaven. And then, in the tiniest of ways, a moment that I will never forget, that made me soar…His mouth opened for me, softened, and reached back. My heart was racing.
In a way I will never be able to recount, we were both somehow on the floor, laid out next to our chairs, him on top of me. My head was swimming. “You feel so good…” I moaned as he returned his lips to my neck, his mouth soft and wet, groaning my name. Feeling him stretched against me like that, vulnerable, virile, wanting, made me so aroused, and I felt my hips buck up involuntarily as he began to thrust against me. I swiped one hand down his arse, gently stroking the cleft as well as I could through his trousers.
I left the church feeling free and excited and so desperately in love, anticipating seeing John soon and being swept away in days of passion and ecstasy. I settled in back home, taking off the hated “best man costume," and relaxing in my usual pajamas and dressing gown. Easiest to remove, I figured. I settled back on the couch and let my mind wander. John’s hands, his mouth, his voice…oh god yes…the delicious sound track as I pictured my body aching, arching, finding the perfect friction,
Determined? There, way in the back, if the guilt settled down to a low roar, there was this other sense of what this was.
The corner of his mouth turned up slightly, and his chest started to heave, like he was preparing to devour me. I took him in, inch by inch, and he let me, seemingly without self-consciousness. His ethereal eyes on me, I lowered my gaze, his mouth-watering torso, his long, straight cock, already half erect, tantalizing my own. Long, muscular legs, those elegant feet. He took a step toward me, and not breaking with my gaze, he began to turn, showing me, asking me to drink him in. He faced away from me, his arms extended down to his sides, his perfect, plush arse and strong back before me. I remembered the last time I’d seen this view of him, so momentarily, in Buckingham Palace no less. I’d played that scene in my mind any number of times after I’d been part of it, (and if I’m honest, it usually led to wanking) and now, here he was, languidly offering me this breathtaking view. He completed turning and drew my gaze again. I am staring, wide eyed, mouth open, sinking back on my heels. Being on my knees seems appropriate to the worship I’m feeling.
The room turned quiet as they seemed to have run out of small talk. As the silence grew it became more and more oppressing. John frantically thought that he had to say something, anything. He wished for the thousand times that Sherlock would show his feelings like normal men. But the detective was as closed to him as always, standing with his back towards the window with early morning light crowning him in a pink halo.
“Anderson told me you where here,” said Lestrade addressing Sherlock who was standing in the laboratory, coat thrown over a chair and shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows. He had a harried expression on his face.
They pull at clothes as they go, John pushing Sherlock’s night gown off his shoulders, Sherlock practically ripping John’s sweater of him, a button tearing off and flying across the room at the ministration. In between, they kiss and bite anywhere they can get at both panting hard and fast by now.
And then his hands are on John’s arms and he is pulling him up, showing how much stronger he is than he looks. John goes with it, mind blank and everything thrown overboard.
Sherlock suddenly jumped up, all energy and perfect alacrity as a small door opened next to the off-license. A small elegant brass plaque next to the door bell said: “
“It was this large hole in the ground and it seemed unreal, I thought we were seeing things, that we had all gotten sunstroke. The air was so dry, and it is such an unforgiving landscape, so hot. The air I sometimes dream about, it is so warm but you can’t sweat when it is that arid. The feeling is very special, the dryness really gets to you, especially if you are from England where it always rain. It is hard to understand that rain can be such a blessing.”
With fluid, practiced movement, entire being in perfect focus, he attempted to recreate the symbol; everything else but him and the mystery forgotten as he lost himself in the feeling.
The car’s tires screamed and the scent of burning rubber filled his nostrils, Sherlock ran, feet pounding madly and he almost managed to lay a hand on the car before it was gone down the street and disappeared around a corner; its dark toned windows never revealing its passengers.
“There is no answer from the patrol outside your place; I have sent all the cars in the vicinity there but likely you will get there first,” D.I. Lestrade paused, “Please don’t do anything stupid Sherlock, wait for backup.”
Peter suddenly smiled, but there was no happiness in it, only wickedness and cruelty, “Saved me you say. They would never had handed me over to the locals, couldn’t let a scandal like that ruin the peace efforts. You didn’t do anything.”
Bollocks, he thinks looking at the sweater which has probably cost more than he makes in a month and wonders how he is supposed to be able to find something for Mycroft as a Christmas present this late.
“I am not sure right now,” Sherlock answered a distant look in his eyes. He seemed to gaze all the way through John into some place where he could not follow.
He ran behind Sherlock up to the door at the back of the building. Was this really where it was going to end, in this idyllic residential area? Sherlock deftly picked the lock, the barrel quietly slid into its correct position and the door opened.
The cascade of memories goes on for a second or a year, John does really know. In the end he is glad rain is still pouring down his face.
“Can I, can I get you a cup of tea?” John managed. He pulled himself up to his feet, faster than was probably necessary ripping his hand from Sherlock’s grip as he rose. He could still feel Sherlock’s fingers, cold and hard around his wrist and he had to stop himself looking for marks. He took a shallow breath and smiled; he hadn’t done anything after all, he ignored the strange feeling in the pit of his stomach.
So this was their mysterious killer Sherlock thought and turned his attention back to the here and now, venting his anger would only hurt John’s case.
John had declined, blaming the sleepless night and retreated to his room. There he had spent fidgety hours lying on top of his covers, fully clothed and staring up at the ceiling, mind a jumbled mess, trying to process.
“Sherlock, ‘ts ok, I got it, I got it you don’ have to,” John could feel shame rise in him as he realized that he really had no choice.
“It feels better actually. How do I look,” He smiled broadly, showing all his teeth, and removed the half melted ice bag, putting it on the floor. The lump was a nasty purple and red but it looked like the swelling had stopped.
John was lying on his bed, mumbling drunkenly and Sherlock didn’t know how to answer that. After all he was considered one of the most intelligent persons in London, if not in the entire United Kingdom.
The corpse in front of him was everything but fresh, the doctor in him told him the man had been lying dead in water several days at least, rigor mortis was long gone and decomposition had started. The man was lying on a thick sheet of plastic the Metropolitan police had placed under him. John knelt down in front of it; at the same time taking temporary cover from the English rain under the baldachin placed to protect the body while the officers of the law gathered their evidence and took their pictures.
again and again, over his head, exiting the crime scene. John in turn got up to his feet, ignoring a slight twinge in his leg, shed his plastic gloves and threw them in the make shift hazard bag, shrugged at Lestrade and followed suit.
“Oh,” he says showing of his great vocabulary and then “Oh,” once more as Sherlock bends forward to kiss him again.
John stared into the bottom of his pint glass; it was empty. He wondered dimly how many he had finished but quickly abandoned that thought and waved at the bartender for another. If he could still think, he wasn’t drunk enough. He needed, for just one night, to forget about everything, loose himself in the fog of the psychoactive drug.
“And what do you want for this information?” This was not a woman to give things away for free, they wanted something and Sherlock had a feeling he wouldn’t like it at all. He would have to play this with a delicate touch, this woman and the organization was not to be trifled with.
Then Sherlock is kissing him, lips meeting his and pressing insistently towards him. John realizes dimly that this might be a once in a lifetime opportunity and he should really, really take advantage of it. He starts to respond to the kiss, opening his lips ever so slightly and Sherlock is immediately there, hot tongue darting inside and licking deep into John’s mouth.
“The man you are hunting is also hunted by us. So we offer a trade of sorts,” She placed a briefcase on the desk and opened it. She removed a grainy photograph and pushed it over to Sherlock.
“Where is the damn door,” he kicked the wall where the door should have be, it owed him. His entourage made no attempt at answering. As his foot came back there was a slight smudge on the wall, a small indentation in the paint. So it wasn’t properly dried, but not fresh enough to smell. Sherlock pressed his finger against the mark he had made, feeling the paintwork. The builders must have bricked up this entrance. But they wouldn’t do that without first making a new one. The elevator machinery was up there, if it broke someone would need to get up there and repair it.
Sherlock rips the paper off then; eager like a toddler and pulls out a leather-bound note book, the cover is handmade and engraved with Pythagorean figures, all triangles and angles and weird Greek symbols. John doesn’t really get them but Sherlock had made this long speech about the brilliance of the Greek philosopher and mathematician months ago and for some reason it had stuck with John.
“Yeah, I’m fine, not had that many even,” John tried a fake smile to go with the pub and straightened his back but apparently the fact that he could answer was enough as the landlord just nodded and pulled up a new pint pushing it over. He grabbed it with both hands and sank half of it in one go, and nearly fell off his chair. He saved himself in the last moment by grabbing hold of the bar counter, fingers sticking on half dried ale. His head felt full of wool and for some reason his limbs wouldn’t do what he told them.
“There will be a next time and if we live through that there might even be a time after that,” John looked down, dragging a hand through his hair, words stumbling on each other in their need to be said. “Danger follows you around like a second shadow and so both you and I will always live in its wake. I will not go through this again, to believe that you or I are about to die and wonder what could have happened had I had the courage to act.”
John had expected resistance and so had come prepared, “No. This concerns me and I am coming. Besides, in the past I have been good at keeping you in one piece.”
Sherlock stood still, uncertainty and perhaps it was dread radiating from him John thought now. His fingers twitched; like they wanted to do something but could not decide what. John swallowed, now what was it his old drill sergeant had said:
John’s mind went on and on, as John’s cock was reeling from the outrageous, delicious, breathtaking pressure of Sherlock’s belly against it. John’s mouth stayed shut, but his eyes gave him away, when just the tiniest of tears welled to the surface.
He pulled back slightly and looked smug. Ah, there’s my old Sherlock; I was well acquainted with smug. “Yes, I figured it’d better be good,” he intoned, “if you’re going to walk away from your marriage for me.”
So that’s what he did now. Except now, miracle of miracles, he could also pull him into his embrace, meeting every anguished cell in Sherlock’s body with a calming one in his own, breathing in concert with him, stroking his hair.
Of course, he and Mary had been busy reassuring me that nothing would change, and that we’d go on as some merry threesome, John and I enjoying saving the world as we chased criminals up and down the streets of London, and he and Mary apparently building a life happily ever after. Nothing sounded worse to me.
All the alcohol reduced my ability to form thought just about down to zero, leaving my lizard brain free to take the wheel. All that was left for me was sensation. I wanted to wrap my arms around him as if my life depended on it, but momentarily, I froze. What a feeling, to kiss him. I could taste all the alcohol and the longing and the passion in his lips, his tongue, making me dizzier and breathless. He moaned while his mouth opened mine, and I thought I’d dissolve into him just by that alone.
How could he do this to me? How could he go off and have sex with his ex-wife and leave me alone with this nightmare?? I hate John!
And then, there we are, facing each other in our chairs, in this room, in our old life, his gaze holding mine. God, was he always this beautiful? No, the alcohol had improved something that in no way required improving. His eyes, magnificent under any conditions, now displayed a kind of openness, a kind of emotional honesty that I found utterly captivating.
I emerged from the loo, with my doctor still deeply asleep. Not looking good. I strode bravely to the armoire, and drew forth the suit, the sartorial backdrop to my demise. I despised the thing. Nonetheless, I proceeded and dressed in all too short of time.
What a feeling to be against him like that, skin to skin. I wrapped my hands around his back and moaned his name. He started kissing my mouth again, deeply, one of his hands around the back of my head, the other around my arse. He started to gently swipe circles, first on both cheeks, and down the center, in the cleft between them. “Fuck…feels so good…”I moaned.
I decided to play a game with myself as I completed my ablutions in silence. If John woke up before I left, I had a chance to…what? It was too ridiculous to think about. Well, at least to express my feelings to him.
At home, the stairs overwhelmed us, at least at first. We’d only sat on the bottom stair to begin with, trying to gather our bearings, and reduce the breathless fits of giggles we’d been lapsing into. Then, seemingly exhausted, John laid back, his head resting on the third stair.
I’d wandered through St. James Park and Trafalgar Square as long as possible. Occasionally I’d sit and stare a bit, or cry, but mostly I walked about, trying to think reassuring thoughts or distract myself by deducing passersby.
Emboldened by my new openness, I barreled ahead. “I’m tasting you right now. My lips are brushing yours, trailing down your jaw, your neck, finding everywhere that makes you moan, licking, sucking, god, you sound wonderful, feel wonderful, under my hands, my mouth....”
And if he wasn’t awake, well, there was my answer. Carry on with the original plan. Stiff upper lip. All that.
keep running with me, he’d keep climbing the stairs at Baker Street, he’d keep leaning over my shoulder as we researched hypotheses on the internet, breathing hard with me as we tackled whoever needed tackling, smiling his approval with his beautiful smile when something finally clicked or I figured it all out.
“You are very good at saying things like that,” Sherlock whispered, kissing John gently on his forehead, nose, jaw. “I’ll try to get better”
But then, doubt set in. What a responsibility. What if John was just confused, or sick, or had cold feet? I pushed on, holding my breath as if I were defusing a bomb. “But John, you’ve planned a whole wedding…you love Mary…I can’t…”
Not a surprising character trait given who I am, really. But in this form, I held the complete assumption that John would be waiting for me, exactly as I’d left him, able to pick up with me from where we’d left off, with me now achingly clear on what I needed from him. Easy. Of course, I’d presumed that just as his life had re-started when he’d met me, that without me, it would basically stop, go on hold, like a frame frozen in a movie, and that when I sauntered back in, I’d press “Play,” and I would get my handsome prince.
“Oh Sherlock…” I moaned, and pushed up against him, feeling the delicious pull that would not relent.
First off, I didn’t even believe the first part, that my access to him would be uninterrupted, that he’d be jumping up from dinner tables full of crying children to come chase around with me. Though knowing John, he’d much rather be racing toward risk and disaster than wiping small noses. Nonetheless, at a certain point, limits on his availability would be inevitable.
