“Fuck,” Tony hisses. “I...dinner.”
“Me too,” Tony says, wistful. “Something was wrong, the other night.”
you. I love you. I need you.” He whispers. “Don’t do it, don’t leave me, I need you.” He cries himself to sleep, wrapped around Steve’s naked body like his life depends on it.
“No, actually. They’re taking him into surgery. Tonsillectomy.”
“I love you, too,” Steve pants, gently pulling out. He busies himself with removing the condom and petting Tony’s hair off of his sweaty forehead.
“We are,” he says. “You keep leaving crap at my place.” He’d let that sit for a while, hadn’t even been thinking about it. Tony opens his mouth and then blushes, the sort of furious, red-faced blushing that’s so uncommon in reality.
“Perfect. Take a look.” She hands a compact mirror to him and Steve gawks at his neck. The dark spots are barely noticeable now, just enough that you can see them if you knew what you were looking for.
Sure enough, a moment later, Tony sighs and sits up further on his knees, reaches for the toy, slicks it up with a couple pumps of lube and lines it up at his own entrance, where Steve had opened him up earlier with expert fingers and tongue. Steve bites down on his own lower lip as he watches Tony sink onto the glass. He watches the way his gorgeous face changes from cool and controlled to something just shy of that. His cheeks are a brighter pink now, and Steve holds back a sharp gasp of his own as Tony screws up his face, making a breathy little noise as he bottoms out on it. Steve’s hand palms over his own hard on.
Steve closes his eyes as he fastens his seatbelt, collects himself before replying.
Steve sends back a reply just as he unlocks his car and climbs in.
"Why-" Steve starts to say, about to suggest making the trip to the bed if Tony wants to lie down, but he cuts off abruptly when Tony cups the side of Steve's cock in his palm and mouths at it, wet and hungry.
Tony's hand tightens on his thigh at that, and he groans thickly. Steve loses his words, after that, has to just concentrate on control, even though Tony is taking everything so well, breathing deep through his nose and keeping his mouth so open, swallowing hard when Steve pulses on his tongue. Steve saves the last little bit of verbal capacity he has to stutter out, “I’m gonna come, I’m—” He drops his hands to Tony's shoulders, unwilling to give up contact but allowing him the freedom of pulling back– and he does, but god, not far. He doesn’t sit up or lean back, but keeps his face right there, fuck.
“Oh, it’s been a fun morning,” Pepper says, voice dripping with sarcasm in a way Steve isn’t used to. It almost makes him smile. “He’s definitely not pleased with you. But you know Tony; he’ll pout for a day or two and then realize he’s acting like a child. I talked to his surgeon. It’s all very routine. He’ll be in and out in less than an hour. He’ll be resting at home by the time you’re due back.”
As they lay in the warm afterglow, Steve pets Tony’s hair and murmurs sweet nothings to him. He’s always so sweet and gentle coming down from a high, a nice contrast to what was done just moments before.
Steve doesn’t blame Tony. At least, not any more than he blames himself.
He was
“Hi,” Steve murmurs as he pulls away from the kiss. Tony, hungry for more, leans to give him another, trying to deepen it immediately. Steve catches on after a moment and pulls away, cradling Tony’s face instead. He blushes before he whispers,  “You look really good in those pants,” Tony chuckles and kisses his forehead.
He’s walking out of his 9:30 with Coulson when his phone vibrates in his pocket.
“I love it. Thank you.” Steve says against the warm skin of Tony’s neck. “I love you.” Tony blushes and Steve swears he can feel the butterflies in Tony’s stomach.
“Come for me, Tony.” He whispers as he brushes the very tip of his ring finger against his entrance, and Tony comes with a violent shout, clenching so hard around Steve that he feels it all the way up his hand. Steve works him through it, strokes him off until he’s twitching and flinches away, slides his fingers out and then the dildo after them.
“Yeah.”
“I would never make you feel that way over something so intimate. Knowing that
finish that sentence. I’m so angry, Tony. You knew I had this meeting today and you left marks anyway!” Steve says shrugging out of Tony’s grip. Tony purses his lips but nods, swallowing the lump of rejection in his throat. Steve notices and sighs, wrapping his own arm around Tony’s shoulders and pressing a kiss to his hair.
Tony kisses him hard, pushing his head back into the pillows. He makes Steve wait, running his hand down his side and scratching teasingly at his inner thighs before he touches Steve's cock. Steve bucks up into the contact.
“Not bored anymore?” Tony asks with a laugh.
“Oh,” Steve says, faintly, his voice a crackling mess. Tony is panting, dropping his head to nuzzle into Steve’s stomach, his hand shifting from Steve’s softening cock to spread over his ribs. “Tony?”
“No,” Steve agrees. “Hey, if you come up here, we can take care of you, too, I can—”
“It sure does, baby.” He says connecting their lips in a heated kiss. “Say it again.” Tony begs, rubbing the heel of his hand into the bulge of Steve’s jeans.
“To move in with you." Steve nearly chokes on his waffle.
"Yes. There's nowhere else I’d rather be.” Steve beams, chokes when Tony smiles over the rim of his mug.
Tony closes his eyes, the weight of the day finally settling down upon him. He can feel himself begin to drift off to sleep, and struggles briefly against the riptide, but Steve just keeps stroking his hair, and he knows he can't hold on much longer.
A little while later, the door to the ensuite bathroom opens and he sees Tony walk out in just a towel.
“Then why are you here?” Steve chokes. “If you’re not here for me, why are you
"For what?” Steve ponders, and Tony can't help the smile that spreads across his face.
They ride to the airport together the rest of the way quietly, Tony squeezing Steve’s hand and drumming his fingers on his thigh with his other hand. Steve tugs his suitcase out of the trunk, and Tony swipes his card in the back of the cab and thanks the driver.
They don't last very long, either of them. Granted, Tony certainly didn't expect to, after the buildup, but only after a few deep thrusts of his hips is he shaking through his orgasm, bouncing on Steve's cock all the way through it. And all the while, Steve's eyes are fixed on him, his hands, his chest, his stomach, his hips. Tony feels his hips snap up sharply, hammering into his prostate and Steve comes, his thrusts slowing to a stop moments later. Time seems to slow to a crawl as he gingerly lifts himself off of Steve and collapses to the bed beside him. Tony goes limp, his entire body feeling wrung out and overworked. A hand lands on his back, calmly stroking down his spine, and it makes him shudder.
“Patience, sweetheart. You let me decide where to leave reminders.” He almost topples over, but Tony catches him, bracing him carefully and letting his head fall forward; he doesn't even get his neck wrenched. Steve clings to Tony's arms and breathes. He's dizzy with relief, with the release of letting Tony run things.
. Steve pushes Tony’s hair out of his eyes and they share a look they haven’t shared since high school. Tony feels his heart rate accelerate and blush under Steve’s gaze. Steve leans down to kiss him and is shocked at the amount of passion in the kiss. Steve gasps into the kiss and Tony growls, tugging him closer. Surprised by the heat of the kiss, Steve pulls away.
"You deserve it," Steve says. It sounds inane, but he doesn't know how to make his sincerity clearer, except to shift his hand in Tony's hair in a kind of petting motion. Tony arches up into it like a cat, and then his smile twists, gets a little bit of a wicked edge.
The thing is, he isn't doing a whole lot of moving. Or, he is, but not so much up and down: he tilts his head to get different angles, here and there, but what he's really doing is making out with Steve's dick, steadying it with one hand around the base. It's surreal, and obscene, and the very idea of it would be enough, but the sight of it - his other hand still curled loosely around Steve's wrist, holding it to his hair; eyes closed, his dark lashes fanned out on his cheeks; his reddened lips sliding across the surface of Steve's cock, a slow slick drag that has Steve shuddering. Tony lifts his head for a moment, his hand dropping away from Steve's wrist to rest on his thigh.
Tony whines, hands balling the fabric of Steve’s shirt. Steve sobs into his neck as he pummels into Tony’s prostate, crying with him as Tony comes. Steve fucks him through it and chases his own release. He comes deep inside of Tony, moving his leg back down and pulling out before he collapses onto him, sobbing heavily now.
“Then just quit!” Steve is at a loss for words. Tony is, too. They stare at each other for a very long time, neither man saying anything. Tony breaks the silence.
“Sorry to scare you,” he says, but Steve just hums. His dream is still pressed against him, like Tony, like the firm warmness of Tony’s chest to his back.
Tony cried on his way to the airport.
"Steve," Tony murmurs. It's late, well after two in the morning, and the two are cuddled together on a lounge chair by the pool. The moonlight is striking the water, and it's reflection is almost as beautiful as the real thing, Tony thinks as breath tickles his ear. His response is merely a hum against his temple, arms squeezing tighter around his waist. Tony inhales deeply and closes his eyes. "I love you." He whispers it so gently that it would be missed if not for their proximity to each other. Steve looks at him, blue eyes shining as he kisses his neck.
“I understand completely.” Tony says reassuringly. Steve smiles, squeezing his hand. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Tony says with a serious glint in his eye.
“Maybe, maybe not.” Tony scowls at him and Steve winks.
“Hi, hot stuff. Get a little makeover, there?” Tony asks planting a chaste kiss to his lips. Steve pulls back and scowls at him, mouth settling in a slight frown.
They walk the three blocks to get back to Tony's and ride up the elevator to Tony’s apartment. Steve sits awkwardly on the couch, anxiously drumming his fingers against his thighs as Tony makes coffee. Steve gives in and paces, trying to compose explanations in his head.
“We’re…” Tony pauses. He bites his lips, furrows his eyebrows. “We’re still figuring this out, aren’t we?” Steve hums.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I just, can you add another? And can you go faster?” Steve blinks, nods and slides his middle finger in along with the index. He scissors his fingers a few times, brushing Tony’s prostate, making him gasp in both surprise and pleasure.
“Steve please—“ Tony gasps clutching the sheets. Steve stops immediately and uses his other hand to draw soothing circles into Tony’s hip.
“I won’t be anywhere near the action. I’ll be miles away, in an air conditioned tent.” Steve whispers, hands rubbing Tony’s back. “We’ll talk, everyday. God, Tony. I’m never leaving you. How could I?”
It has been literal years since Steve sat down and watched a single full episode of
"Steve," he gasps as his hands travel lower. He pauses, hand on his cheek, the other resting low on his belly, and looks at him through long lashes.
“Tones?” Steve asks, suddenly breathless. His cock jerks, though, and Tony snickers, which is sort of unfair, if Tony really just told him to do what Steve thinks he did. They’ve talked about it a little, before, but always in an abstract sort of way, and now Tony's mouth is right there, and Steve can hear his own pulse right now.
"This is the laziest day I've had in months," he muses, a smile tugging at his lips. His voice is warm and satisfied, and Steve is kind of starting to ache but he can't even resent the interruption. Tony looks so content.
“What? No. No, no. They--they would have called me. Why didn’t they call me? I’m his emergency contact, I--”
Tony frowns, guilt rising in his chest. After observing his actions for so long of course Steve would pick up on this part of him. On the part of him that picked on people, sarcasm dripping like honey. He kisses him sweetly and caresses his face gently.
Steve bites his lip. He already talked about it. He unloaded on Peggy before their art show, and she’d been incredibly sweet, kissing his forehead and promising him things would get better. He feels directionless, doing what he loves, hit by something new every day. Peggy is still hopeful, young enough that she hasn’t been hit by those fears that everything’s going to fall apart.
Steve laughs, standing up and bringing the inventor into a hug, pressing sloppy kisses all over the other man’s face. ‘I love you.’
‘Tony you make every therapist you see cry. If you want to talk to someone I’m the only one who isn’t going to scream, snap or slap you.’
Steve just laughs as Bucky’s eyes go wide and he leaps after the pair. He sees Loki shake his head and sigh. ‘I don’t think I shall ever fully understand mortals.’
‘And I’ll give you an upgrade that means you can beat Cap in a race.’
Bucky just grunts but does as the other man says. When they reach the car, he shoves the bags into the trunk and then pushes Ned to the passenger’s door. ‘You ride shotgun, kid. You got to direct Sam.’
‘Sorry, guys, but I should probably be heading home,’ the teen says.
‘Yeah, my stunning good looks,’ he huffs a dry laugh. ‘Ajax was the name Francis gave himself; stupid fucker must have got it off a soap box or some shit. Francis was the main man behind the programme, or at least he headed the division that got hold of me; he was the one that organised the torture in order to get my latent mutant genes to come to the forefront. Then the sadistic fuck did it just for fun. Didn’t like it when I took out the whole operation just to try and get him to fix my face.’
Steve clears his throat. ‘Well I agree the Time Stone should stay with Strange.’
‘Largely?’ Tony lifts an eyebrow.
The Avengers face Thanos in a desperate attempt to reverse the snap.
‘Wade! Get in here!’ Peter shouts, continuing to stir and frowning at his boyfriend as he walks through the door.
Bucky can feel Loki’s worried agreement through the link.
them. But…I don’t want that. I’ve never wanted it. So, I don’t know why suddenly it seems like I do and…’ he trails off.
‘Alright Underoos I’ll save you from Elsa,’ Tony laughs at the look on both of their faces.
When she joined the Avengers it was a way to bond with her new teammates and learn how to work with the wide range of abilities within the team. Then she became one of the main trainers for the new team members.
‘You mean like someone in the program with a personal vendetta against him or something?’
Steve laughs and wraps his arms around Tony’s waist as he settles himself on the soldier’s lap. ‘I won’t tell him if you don’t.’
Peter shakes his head. ‘No one told me,’ he admits quietly so only his two friends can hear.
‘Sounds good,’ Peter smiles up at her and then hops off the desk. ‘You got anything to finish up here?’
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm so sorry I've been so terrible at responding to comments recently, work has just been absolutely hectic and I've been doing a lot out of hours. I promise to do my best to get better from this week as it should start calming down again.
‘Huh,’ Bruce says, feeling a little of the guilt he feels over Ultron starting to fade away. As he turns to leave he pauses. ‘Hey kid? Nat says you’re a huge science fan, why don’t you come by the lab some time and we’ll do some work together?’
‘Baby Boy you sure you’re alright?’ Wade’s voice is quiet.
Love always,
‘Yeah but everyone else is going to be heading off for the UN in a couple of days,’ the teen argues. ‘You won’t have them here, and then I’ll be in Europe too and-’
Tony sighs. ‘Well there goes being a normal person.’
Matt pauses for a second then a small smile breaks across his face. ‘They don’t know about Deadpool do they?’
‘I just wanted to say thank you,’ he guesses honesty is the best policy, ‘for including me today. I know no one would have been particularly comfortable with me being here, so I wanted to let you know I really appreciate it.’
‘Bastard,’ is the last thing Tony says as he lets his head fall against Steve’s chest.
‘Just us and Strange,’ she responds as they come into view down the tunnel.
Peter laughs and pulls on his mask. ‘No you wouldn’t.’
‘I don’t know, keep quiet so I can hear.’ Thankfully she doesn’t argue.
‘Tony it was our
‘I believe our report of his conduct in the duel will be sufficient to calm the initial protests,’ the female argues.
‘Thor you are drinking too much, you need to cut back,’ Loki sighs.
, he grumbles to himself. The next punch grazes his shoulder, but he misses most of it; it’s the next one that sends him sprawling backwards. ‘Dammit,’ he curses, trying to get to his feet.
‘Honey why didn’t you tell me?’
‘I think it’s a sensible suggestion,’ Vision interjects. ‘If you do even a cursory search of the internet you’ll see the Avengers are not universally liked, nor trusted. Anyone could try and do something to pull us apart again, especially seeing as we are particularly vulnerable in that respect at the present.’
‘Tony what on earth are you-’
‘No it’s just sickening,’ Peter’s head appears next to Sam’s. ‘You try being in the lab and they forget you’re there. If it wasn’t for the fact I’m passed the stage of mental scarring thanks to Wade I’d need therapy!’
‘So you only like us because you’ve been forced to since we’ve been spending more time together?’
‘Deadpool and Daredevil have said they’ll cover us once everyone’s on board,’ Natasha explains, heading to the front to sit next to Clint as Bucky returns. ‘Sam and Vision are making sure there’s nothing left before they come back. They’ll be two minutes tops. Clint? Start up the engines.’
‘Yeah alright, fair point. You
It all feels very much like a group of friends spending time in the park. Or a family.
wasn’t,’ he replies, voice laced with bitterness. ‘But my partner was. I didn’t find out until after I got back and he tried to shut me out of the company.’ He allows the time to finish his drink to wallow in self-disgust.
Steve’s looking at the archer with wide eyes. ‘You are a brave man, Clint Barton, I’ll give you that.’
Strange adds, after a small pause. ‘Would you like to visit the Sanctum more over this year? We can work on training your powers so that you don’t have to cope with trying to process other people’s emotions as well as your own.’
‘You still have school to finish and you are not slipping in your grades because of your Avenger duties. If they do you’re off active duty until you finish school,’ Steve tells him, he tries to ignore Tony, Nat and Wade silently laughing behind the very irate teenager.
‘King of Wakanda and she still threatens me with mother’s disapproval,’ T’Challa shakes his head. ‘Can you heal him Shuri?’
Thor sighs. ‘This is not a happy tale, friends, though we hope to make it so by its conclusion by defeating the Mad Titan.’
‘She’ll be happy to get some of the action,’ Quill laughs, he’s become quite friendly with the dry-humoured powerhouse.
‘But my king-’
Peter and Steve tackle the end of the obstacle course; and Peter goes to train in his suit with Wade.
Sam shakes his head. ‘No, my parents are both dead, and I don’t really see eye to eye with my brother. I’ll be here as well.’
Bruce takes in the bright red face poking out from the cocoon of webs holding the rest of the teenager’s body, his hands have been trapped behind him, hence why he’s finding it so difficult to get out of this himself. ‘How long until they wear off?’
‘Bucky come on. You can beat this, you can beat
A pained sound from the body in his arms makes him freeze as he turns to the door and look down. ‘Steve?’ the cracked whisper is barely audible, but dark eyes open slightly to look at him.
May had taken a little more encouragement, and she’d taken him aside after dinner and demanded he explain just why he failed to mention he was best friends with a mercenary. He’d tried pointing out that she doesn’t like hearing about his patrols, and the look she’d given him had sent him scurrying as fast as possible. Which for him is pretty damn quick.
‘Oh wow Tin Can you look worse than Pete, and I thought
for you to borrow something, then I shall remind him of that fact. Any of them fit?’
‘Well you did make it so easy I thought it’d be rude not to. Not so taken with your welcoming committee though. I mean what happened? Are evil schemes just not so profitable any more that you can’t afford to get some staff?’
And that scares him.
‘But couldn’t that be potentially dangerous?’
‘And you didn’t mention it because?’
‘No,’ Hope reassures her, ‘I’m just trying to make sure you aren’t sweeping anything under the proverbial rug that could come back and bite you. When Scott first got the suit and we were trying to teach him how to use it my dad and I kept so much stuff from each other and him that it nearly got in the way of us pulling off the operation. I just don’t want you guys to make the same mistake. I get you not wanting to deal with it just yet because you aren’t ready, but that doesn’t mean you can ignore it completely.’
‘What did I do?’ the soldier asks.
‘You know what he said to Tony? When he took the gauntlet from him? He said it was better he did it because Peter would be able to get over losing him, but he wouldn’t be able to get over losing Tony. If nothing else, Nick, I’ll trust to the fact that he won’t let anything happen to Bucky and Nat because it would upset Peter too much.’
‘-and two,’ Wade’s voice becomes soft and he pulls Peter in for a brief kiss, ‘I know you, Baby Boy; and I don’t need your super-sister’s freaky mind powers to know what you’re thinking at least some of the time.’
‘All that sincerity really gets you in the feels don’t it?’ Wade jokes.
Here's the sneak peek:
‘At least you still call me “young man”, Mama,’ Tony laughs, pressing a kiss to her wrinkled cheek. ‘Which is more than most of this crazy lot do. Now, Mama Rhodes I’d like to introduce you to Steve Rogers.’
Rhodes lifts his hand. ‘I mean…I thought he could use some fresh air?’
‘I wish they’d recorded it, but yes apparently she was a proper firework over it whenever people tried to tell her she shouldn’t be with him.’
‘The old dining room would be a good place to set up,’ Tony says, steadily making his way through a packet of blueberries. ‘If we can get the table cleaned we can set everything up on there while we start on the rest of the room.’
Tony sighs. What is it with him becoming the resident shrink at this place lately? ‘Wade, he obviously thinks there’s something to be interested in. My advice from personal experience? Try not to let your head get in the way.’
‘Since a month or so after everyone came back.’
‘Looking for you,’ comes the reply. ‘Can I sit?’
‘I’m sorry,’ he says, giving the super soldier a hug.
‘Shh, I know,’ the inventor’s fingers are carding through his hair. ‘We’ll get him back. We’ll get them
‘Sore. Like I’m getting a sensory-overload headache. I got them loads when I first got my powers, but I’ve managed the sensory input since so that doesn’t happen anymore.’
‘No my father was American and I was brought up there, but when he died my mother returned to our tribe where I have lived ever since. On her death I was appointed leader,’ Ororo replies. ‘If I hadn’t inherited her powers I would not have been given it, and I’ve had a lot of work to earn the trust of some of the older members of the tribe.’
‘Why would she think I wouldn’t be discreet?’ Tony asks out loud.
‘Wow, kid, no need to be quite so fast,’ he laughs, offering Peter a hand to pull him to his feet.
?’ Sam demands.
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and the appearance of Harry Osborn into the series. Thank you so much for the support that everyone has shown to this story so far. Do let me know what you think of this chapter.
Bucky says nothing; doesn’t even blink at Tony’s question.
‘Very funny, Rhodey. What might have slipped your mind is that not everyone here knows the kid. Or rather only knows him from Berlin,’ Tony reminds his best friend.
‘Yeah, no problem,’ Ned answers before either he or MJ can.
‘Well see a little birdie told me,’ the man says, ‘that you could. So when you next see Mr Wilson I’d like you to pass on a message to him.’ He hands a card over to Weasel, who doesn’t take it and so he places it on top of the bar with a smile. ‘Tell him we’d like to help improve what Ajax started.’
Just as Peter’s turning away from staring at a very intricately carved staff and wondering if he should get Natasha to teach him how to fight with one he hears something behind him and spins around. ‘Oh it’s you,’ he laughs as the Cloak comes forwards to give him it’s version of a hug. ‘I was wondering how long I was going to have to wander around here until someone found me. Is the Doc here?’
‘You mean apart from the fact I’m not intending on creating any more murderous robots?’ At her glare he puts his hands up in surrender. ‘Alright, sorry, inappropriate. Honestly Nat I don’t know why you’re asking
Tony waves the point off. ‘I can think of some much more entertaining things I could be doing than work, Steve. Care to hear some of them?’
‘T’Challa won’t do anything because he’s too scared I’ll sabotage his suit!’ she calls back as she finally releases Peter’s arm once they reach a work station. ‘Ok, so-’
‘Sounds good,’ Tony says where he’s elbow deep in dough, ‘Clint still here for Yule as well?’
aspect of my life, you moron,’ Peter grumbles, crossing his arms over his chest.
‘Rhodey, Vision get round the back and see if you can spot the other hostages. Wanda I may need your help but keep out of sight,’ he says quietly, then turns to address the terrorist. ‘If this is some way of telling me I have a long lost kid, I got to admit it’s one I haven’t seen before. Bit dramatic though.’
‘Are you actually encouraging me to get into a relationship with an insane mercenary?’
‘Funny. I seem to remember you being quite keen for it before,’ she teases.
Tony opens his mouth to respond when his pocket vibrates with an incoming message. He growls in frustration as he reaches for his phone, suddenly realising how close they’d gotten. They’re barely two inches apart, chests nearly meeting every time they take a deep breath.
Peter’s eyes are tearing as he pulls himself from his memory, meeting Wanda’s gaze over Bucky’s shoulders. There are tears on her face and it looks like she’s waking up from a bad dream, but still unsure where she is.
‘We’ve been through this, Pete,’ Wade sighs, rubbing the back of his head, ‘I can’t have you put on their radar; the only reason Snowflake and Mommy Spider-’
The man frowns. ‘Is that a serious question? Because I’m pretty sure it should be me asking
people likely to shoot at us,’ Sam grumbles.
Needless to say by the time T’Challa arrives in the suite, Loki and Thor following, and suggests they stop for dinner everyone’s tempers are a little worse for wear.
‘So far,’ Strange nods.
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘Let Cap sit down, kid,’ Tony laughs. Once the blond has returned to his seat he gives everyone the go ahead to open their gifts.
‘My title isn’t my name, Tony,’ Strange rolls his eyes.
Loki gives him a small smile. ‘I hope a place to belong.’
Valkyrie’s smile is a little sadder now. ‘Odin was the same before he wed Frigga.’
‘No,’ Loki shakes his head with a sigh. ‘And I also need to consider that someone not of Asgard or of Jotunheim…they may not share my longevity. To allow myself to love someone only to lose them so quickly…’
‘It’s so unfair you can do that,’ Deadpool grumbles.
‘If they don’t follow Loki,’ Tony chimes in, ‘tell them they don’t stay here.’
‘Again, I’m going to try and trust the kid and see what he comes back with when they’ve done some more digging. If there’s one thing I can be certain of it’s that if Ned’s involved he’s going to be super cautious so his friend doesn’t get hurt.’
‘You cannot just walk in here and demand to see my patients!’ Doctor Blane is shouting as they approach Bucky’s door.
‘Let’s grab some for while we’re watching the carollers,’ he tells everyone, heading to the stand and starting the long process of buying enough for everyone. Steve comes to wait next to him and help distribute.
Peter grins. ‘Well…you’ll see.’
‘Mama you are worse at stopping than
move against them, you understand?’ Peter nods. ‘I’ll let you know when we move in. You’re not coming though.’
Loki laughs. ‘An interesting idea. Remind me not to come into the training room whilst you’re testing things.’
‘My name is Nott.’
‘I am Lady Death,’ she says again, ‘and I have waited such a long time to have you join me. Your healing power got quite troublesome at times. This is the longest I’ve ever had you in my realm, I’m hoping we can make it permanent.’
‘There’s a reason no one trusted you to speak to him, babe,’ Tony grins at his boyfriend, ‘we do need him still able to talk.’ Steve just blushes and takes his seat, directly opposite the open door it gives him the opportunity to turn the full force of his Captain America stare onto Hammer before Tony enters and the door closes behind him.
Rhodes mutters something under his breath and they all head into the same place they’d bought their Christmas trees from last year. ‘And if I have to call Tony to come pick up a tree in the suit none of you are getting any of Mama’s Christmas cake.’
Bucky laughs. ‘That’s true. Is Thor going to look after him if you can’t take him with you when you’re travelling?’
‘So Spidey,’ and Peter can feel Wade’s grin behind the mask, ‘you up for a little sparring?’
‘No, Weasel,’ Wade laughs, a small smile on his lips as he thinks of Peter, ‘you really-’
‘You think you can keep up fly boy? Let’s have a competition. Winner gets their next turn to cook done by the losers,’ Bucky suggests.
of a snowball on Wade’s back.
‘I swear I tried to talk him out of it,’ Sam starts, ‘but you know what he’s like when he gets an idea in his head.’
are going to make it better?’
‘Are we sure he’s dead?’ Tony asks.
‘Why Nick?’ Bruce asks. ‘No offense.’
Tony gives a small smile and picks the pieces of the repulsor up again. ‘Thanks, Sam. For everything.’
He hears the other man chuckle. ‘No harm done. How about we get through the check on your mind first and then I shall let you peruse the library to your heart’s content? As long as you check with me before reading a book. I should hate for you to open the wrong one and end up in the wrong dimension.’
‘Pepper? I need you to get onto our friends and tell them to get onto Doctor Blane. Make sure he doesn’t contact anyone alright? No it’s worse than I thought. I’m getting him under Stephen’s care. Why? Pepper get the hell down here and see for yourself! Alright, alright I'm sorry, you know I love you Pep. I know, I couldn’t survive without you. No I am very much aware of that. Pepper I need to explain to Sergeant Barnes what is going on. No I will. Yes I will be patient with Stephen. No I’m not going to annoy him. Bye Pepper!’
‘Hey no harm done, Parker. Well not to me anyway. I’ll see you on Monday.’ With that Flash disappears.
Peter had barely registered what was happening around him as he’d stayed next to Wade when he was taken to Wakanda’s infirmary, there to be watched over by the best medics T’Challa had to offer. He’d been aware enough to go to Wanda a few times though, asking if anything could be done for Vision, but in the post-battle chaos they weren’t sure. She’d told Shuri to wait until everyone else was sorted before they turned their attention to her partner and if he could be saved; Peter isn’t sure he would have had the same kind of strength as Wanda, and he’d tried to spend as much time as he could with her. Only for her to tell him to go back to the infirmary and be with Wade.
‘Because you’re a nutcase!’
Watson looks extremely relieved as he hands Rhodes the key and Tony spins on his heels. ‘Great now that’s all sorted let’s get going. We’ll leave Watson to find his missing Holmes.’
He tries not to worry at the silence from the normally chatty merc.
Natasha looks over at Peter, who’s been staying very quiet. ‘You seen him around on your patrols kid?’ He opens and closes his mouth a couple of times, a small frown on his face as if he’s trying to work out what to say. ‘Because you are being very quiet for someone who should have only just found out that there’s a dangerous mercenary running around his city.’
get drunk, therefore you’d be cheating,’ the teenagers rolls his eyes at his boyfriend’s continued arguments.
when I was the one who couldn’t save
He’d punched his friend on the shoulder for the comment but the first part is striking a chord right now. Is he really just using this an excuse? He knows he likes Tony. Who wouldn’t? The guy was stunning, one of the funniest people Steve had ever met, generous to a fault, and incredibly intelligent. Not to mention one of the most frustrating people in the world to try and keep safe.
There is one particular day that sticks out as being Sam’s favourite training session.
Peter manages to calm down by taking the photo to his room and placing it on the shelf where his other pictures stand. He looks at his uncle’s smiling face and finds it easier to smile back at the memories than before.
‘Want to avoid
‘Well I can guarantee I haven’t done anything bad.’
‘I was on leave,’ Rumlow responds, narrowing his eyes at Tony.
Steve laughs. ‘There’ll be plenty of time for that later.’
‘Yeah, uh, kind of a long story,’ Wade rubs the back of his head and sighs. ‘So I learned a few years back that I had terminal cancer, nothing we tried worked so things were not looking rosy.’
Natasha raises an eyebrow at Steve’s question. ‘You think we’re going to be better off facing Thanos in Wakanda? Why not draw him here to the facility? We’ve got all our tech as back up here, not to mention we know the land much better.’
‘So who are you?’ Peter looks down into the wide eyes of Lila and tries not to smile at her question.
Sam gives him a gently nudge with his shoulder. ‘Anytime, kid. Now let’s go make sure Tony still has hair.’
‘Why do you put decorations on a tree you have cut down from the forest and will then have to destroy once the celebration is over?’ she asks, and for once Peter doesn’t detect hostility in her voice, only curiosity.
‘Maybe Steve could go back to doing shows,’ Bucky suggests, laughing as the blond throws a cushion at his head.
Tony laughs and gestures to the desk, where a small black box is sitting. ‘One step ahead of you, kid.’
‘Wonder why that could be,’ Wanda mutters into his ear.
Tony is down in his workshop the next morning before everyone else is awake when he hears a knock on the door.
‘He doesn’t need your encouragement,’ the soldier sighs, coming over and ruffling the teenager’s hair. ‘Promise me you’ll go to Nat if you need help Pete.’
Peter can’t help the small laugh as the merc disappears down the fire escape.
Loki chuckles and leans against the space on the wall that Clint has just vacated. ‘I’m glad that part is over. It always seems to put a damper on the celebrations before they’ve even begun.’
‘Oh god that was the wrong time to come and ask a question,’ Wanda’s voice comes from behind him and Tony has to lean against Steve to stop from falling over laughing. ‘Tony
pretty. I gave that poor thing the shits for a week.
‘I’m glad you like him,’ Bucky smiles. ‘After the story you told me about Fenrir, I saw the litter a couple of days later and thought he’d be perfect.’
The rest of the team meet Deadpool. Oh and there's mistletoe.
‘We’re supposed to do what now?’ Wade asks, looking at the block of clay that’s just been thrust into his hands.
‘Bucky put him down before you break him in half,’ Steve laughs coming in behind them. ‘How’s the head, kid?’
A/N: Ok so please remember that I love you all dearly and I apologise profusely for everything in this chapter. Also please do let me know what you think.
‘Nat what’s-’ Steve trails off as he takes in the video call in front of them, she turns and sees Bucky and Sam entering with him.
‘What’s going on? What have you gotten yourself into this time?’ Peter leans against the opposite wall with his arms crossed.
‘Give me the stones,’ he sneers down at Tony then, ‘you’re not strong enough to wield them.’ As he reaches down to rip them from Tony’s gauntlet Mjolnir comes flying out of nowhere and send Thanos stumbling to the side.
He compromises, knowing the soldier’s stubbornness rivals his own, and looks down at his lap rather than out of the window. The mattress dips from Steve’s weight as he moves to sit next to Tony’s knees. Then a hand is on the side of his face, gently urging him to look up and wiping away one of the tear tracks.
Peter tries to keep the smile off his face as he lifts the mask enough to eat. He doesn’t do a very good job of it. But at least there’s an answering one when he offers the box to the merc.
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoy these two chapters, especially as Wade is back. Do let me know what you think, especially with how everyone is acting around Loki, and Peter's defending of Doctor Strange.
‘Can I suggest,’ Strange says, joining their group, ‘that instead of planning our retribution on the street for everyone to hear, we instead find somewhere safe? We have injured team members to see to before we can make any moves. You’ll be glad to hear Sam is conscious and well. Perhaps a slight concussion but it shouldn’t be anything lasting.’
you!’ Peter pushes back with some of his enhanced strength, throwing the man off him. ‘Dude you’re paranoid as hell!’
‘Not going to lie I agree with Nat on this one,’ Tony chuckles. ‘What I’m trying to say is: you don’t have to be Spider-Man at school. Just be Peter. Which means letting me speak to the Principal about why he’s allowing my intern to get bullied.’
‘Tony! Thor’s down.’
‘We’d have to take all three of them out at once, and then go after the main guy,’ Tony replies. ‘You better come up with a plan quick, Cap, because the only solution I currently have is probably going to bring this roof down as well.’
Here's your sneak peek:
‘Yes, boss.’ He knows he shouldn’t, but he needs to know what’s bothering the kid.
‘May? Ned?’
‘I did attend one or two in the past,’ Loki admits, ‘when I was travelling the galaxy incognito, and they were not too dissimilar. I imagine they are very much like what our ancestors would have done to celebrate Yule.’
‘Right,’ Bucky looks nervously around, ‘am I the only one who’s slightly worried?’
‘Yeah that is a lot of people,’ Rocket agrees. ‘How we going to fit everyone in?’
‘Parker?’ his teachers turns round and blinks at him in confusion.
‘I’m not sure whether I feel more sorry for Loki or Bucky.’
‘Unbelievable,’ Peter mutters, dropping the shopping bags he’s carrying onto the floor. Loki follows suit and not long later Matt comes back out in his Daredevil costume.
Loki chuckles, making Wanda laugh properly.
‘It’s just you’ve only ever known Frigga to be the second in command for Odin and you feel bad asking someone to do it who is not your queen or your heir,’ she finishes for him.
‘She has a point,’ Rhodes laughs, taking hold of one and following her.
‘Do I look like a kidnapper to you?’
‘Where is your homework for this week, Parker? This is the second piece you’ve failed to hand in on time.’
‘Oh my gosh, you’re Tony Stark, right?’ an overly excitable voice pierces his thoughts. ‘Can I, like, get your autograph? Please?’
‘Do you care what the public thinks, Tony?’
Peter laughs. ‘Alright, I’ll try.’
‘You might want to go take a look,’ Weasel suggests.
‘-and I won’t be able to do any more of that, Peanut, if your mother kills me,’ he rolls his eyes at Peter and starts to lead her away and distract her with a different topic of conversation.
Steve chuckles, and Tony is startled to find a couple of butterflies making their home in his stomach at the sound. Before he has chance to think too much about it the blond has a smirk on his face and lets go long enough to spin him around before bringing him back into his arms. And if Tony is a little closer to the soldier than he was before then he isn’t going to say anything.
‘Gee, thanks,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘Besides I love Wade.’
‘Do you want to say it and wind up Cap or shall I?’
Tony thinks as Bucky finally exhausts himself and slides down a wall to the ground, his head in his hands.
Tony slams the door of the limo shut and effectively blocks out the questions from the reporters. The car pulls away and he sags back into the seats in relief, Steve’s arm finding its place around his shoulders for the first time all day. A few streets along they pause for the door to be pulled open long enough for the merc to slip in before it pulls off again.
‘Harsh but fair.’
‘Hey, you alright champ?’ Tony start coming towards him, a look of concern on his face.
Wade looks over at Peter, grinning with a snowball in each hand. ‘Time to make some chimichangas Baby Boy.’
He laughs then groans. ‘Yeah, alright you got me there.’ He manages to shuffle closer to her so he can take hold of her hand properly. ‘Have they done anything to you?’
Tony watches the man leave, unable to get rid of the smile on his face; when the blond is finally out of sight he sighs and turns around. ‘Place the call, FRIDAY, its way past time I spoke to the old man again.’
‘I’ve offered help where I can,’ Strange interrupts, ‘but I am afraid I am not as useful in that field as I once was.’
‘Can I come as well?’ Peter asks.
‘Not until you give me the Hawaiian. I’m holding your pepperoni hostage.’
‘Err… no one,’ he tucks his phone into his pocket and tries to look innocent.
‘Well, I mean this is me we’re talking about. Of
‘Wanda,’ Tony says, but Rhodes places a hand on his shoulder to stop him.
‘You first, Rogers,’ Andrew says, standing up and pointing his own gun at Steve.
‘-you know it’s really annoying I can’t punch you because it’s your wedding day.’
‘You alright?’ Steve sits up, one arm around his waist to keep him steady at the movement.
‘Right, sorry. Bit nervous if I’m honest. Pete, you’re the heir to Stark Industries.’
A/N: Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you had a lovely day yesterday.  I'm posting the first of the Christmas Eve chapters because I want you to vote: which team should win Capture the Flag? I'll start writing the next chapter or two, and you guys let me know who you want to win: Wanda or Strange?
The school arrives at the facility, and Peter has to help get them through the gate.
Bucky nods, then shakes his head as he breaks the link. ‘Ready for a stroll?’
‘-pot kettle much,’ Natasha says.
Bucky makes short work of the rest of the guards, then turns his gun on Hammer. ‘Did you seriously think that shit would work on me?’ the man demands, his Brooklyn accent thick.
Clint and Wade burst out laughing.
Loki manages to catch Steve whilst they’re taking the food to the table for lunch, and can’t help but grin at the teasing the soldier receives for the shade of red he turns. Honestly this contest is doing wonders for his ego. By mutual agreement there’s a pause in the competition while they eat lunch, and Loki surprisingly finds himself seated near the children along with Strange.
‘Go,’ Steve tells him, and they share one look of equal parts hope and despair until the fizzing sound has Peter turning and racing through the portal. ‘Hurry,’ he whispers, then looks down at Tony, who is struggling to stay conscious. ‘Pete’s going to save you Tony. You just got to hold on until he gets the reactor alright? He’s coming. Please, honey,
‘Roger that!’ the mercenary calls and makes his way over. Only to be speared in place by Thanos’ sword. ‘Aw man! This guy’s even more of an asshat than Cable is! Hey Scott! Catch!’
‘How about we all start at the beginning?’ Valkyrie says. ‘And we get another round of drinks?’
‘The kid’s in trouble, Rhodey, and knowing him he’s just waiting to play the hero. We
‘Finally caught on to what?’ Steve asks as he and Bucky come over to grab their water bottles.
‘Yeah fine, just let me finish my coffee. Have fun defending Tony from the evil government men.’
his fault, but just make sure you don’t blind yourself to Tony’s faults, kid. As much as I love Tony, he is a live wire and he needs to be told when to stop.’
‘Need any help or shall I just stand sentry?’
‘Shotgun Loki!’ Peter shouts.
‘In very basic terms I suppose you could say that,’ Tony says, sliding across the floor on his stools. ‘It will allow you to relive memories but you will still be in control as to when the memory stops and which memory you choose. Reliving it in this way allows you to see and process everything while Wanda and Vision see if they can help speed up the healing process.’
‘I’ve told you everything he told me,’ he replies. ‘But he’s obviously keeping something back.’
‘Russian?’
She slips from the building and reaches the van, seeing the back is already crowded with victims and Wade. ‘I’ll sit up front,’ she says, ‘we’re not stopping at the barrier anyway.’
‘Don’t raise your voice at me! I’ve just-’
‘Sorry boys, but I’m afraid you don’t stand a chance against Tony’s brain,’ she says to the motionless bodies as she enters the room, the gas already dissipating having done its job. ‘Need to remember to let Tony know they worked,’ she reminds herself before turning to the computers. ‘Ugh, these guys really need to update their tech. Or maybe I’m just being spoilt.’
‘You,’ Natasha blinks and then rubs her temples, ‘you ran out of battery? You’re the only millennial in this entire group and
‘Yeah and those of us that don’t have special powers need all the advantages we can get,’ Sam retaliates.
did you make them do to me?’
Love always,
The two of them creep down a fire escape and enter through the third floor, the door is already half broken so it doesn’t take much for Peter to pull it open. Thankfully it doesn’t make too much noise. Silently the two of them creep along, following Karen’s instructions, and reach the second floor.
‘Isn’t Danny Rand supposed to be one of them?’ Rhodes asks. ‘You know, the guy who turned up out of the blue and took over his share of the Rand business? Do either of you know him from a business side of things?’
The abrupt turn in conversation is something that Loki has become accustomed to with their interactions. ‘I am fine going alone thank you. You should stay to help with greeting the other new arrivals.’
‘Yeah, May, I was on a team with Captain Rogers, and Sargent Barnes and Mr Stark and we
‘I didn’t do anything,’ he protests before she can finish.
‘Could have fooled me Mr I’m-making-up-loads-of-rules-even-though-I-usually-ignore-them,’ Peter grumbles.
‘What did I do this time?’
Loki curses. ‘It’s one of their war beasts. Take it down! A single one can decimate armies!’
Bucky grins then turns to head inside. ‘You coming?’
‘I know,’ Steve says, and can’t find any reason to justify following so stays where he is as Wanda disappears with the floating woman.
‘I think the Stone may be counteracting her attempts,’ Vision groans, ‘it’s not differentiating between the magic of the wound and hers. It could be because the stone and Wanda’s power are very similar.’
would be the one she would send that to. Aunt Peggy said that gun saved her life more times than she could count. It should have stayed in the
‘Strange said he’d be here for Christmas,’ Steve continues, and Tony can see the physical pain it causes his boyfriend to refrain from rolling his eyes, ‘but Wong has to stay at Kamar-Taj this year, he’ll probably head over for the Yule feast and stay through. Carol said she’d join us but wouldn’t be here until Christmas Eve. Scott has Cassie this year as her mom has to go somewhere for work, so they’ll both join us the day before Yule and stay through as well, Hope’s apparently organised a surprise for Hank and Janet to spend Christmas in a hotel somewhere so she’ll come with them.’
‘Yes thank you Wade,’ Natasha rolls her eyes.
‘I say we let him go after a hippo,’ Wade’s voice drifts down the corridor, ‘it would be entertaining if nothing else.’
‘You broke my nose so Sam could win a race.’
‘This isn’t the arm I sent over to them,’ Stark replies, looking at the
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I agree,’ Loki nods.
‘Ok now I want to hear it,’ Sam says, grinning like an idiot.
‘Err… ok? Why?’
’ he manages to choke out.
Steve frowns. ‘So he’s going to get away with it?’
No one moves until they’re all out of sight.
soon. In the meantime I have to run before you finish tracking my system. My new friends are very good at helping me keep one step ahead of you. Until the next time we meet, Anthony. Hail Hydra!’
I wake up in a place that had a really shitty decorator in charge.
‘You will find the payments were made by an anonymous source,’ the humanoid replies. ‘Technically speaking, as I have JARVIS’ data memories as part of me I suppose you could say I made those payments. But Tony is the one who organised the nursing home and the payments for it. He was still looking after Peggy Carter even though they hadn’t spoken in years. I imagine her estate was fairly large, which you all got a share of. You can thank him for that.’
have it be an ambush?’
we go and try it out ourselves of course. Though, let’s make sure we don’t break any more beds, alright babe? I think we only
‘A shame, they would do well together.’
Steve wakes up the next morning to a pair of arms tightening around his stomach. He smiles and looks down at the mop of dark hair resting on his chest. ‘I’m still getting used to the fact that Tony Stark loves to cuddle,’ he laughs softly, running fingers through the inventor’s hair. He knows Tony’s awake; the man barely sleeps, but at least he’s been staying in bed longer since Steve moved in to his room.
calling me that,’ he growls.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Who is Bucky?’ are the first words he says to her since he arrived.
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented, left kudos and especially for sticking with this story. The continued support is amazing and I really do appreciate you taking the time to take this journey with me.
‘Alright, let’s try again,’ he says, feeling Steve squeeze his shoulder in reassurance before releasing it.
There’s a genuine smile on Loki’s face. ‘I would indeed. I thank you for the kind offer; if I choose to stay I shall likely take you up on it.’
His friend’s eyes narrow at him. ‘You wouldn’t Tony. You know you wouldn’t.’
‘How about never?’ he sighs. ‘Alright, ready when you are.’
‘I have not seen him close to anyone in a long time, I wanted to ensure your intentions were noble.’
Blinking back tears she throws her arms around him and pulls him close. ‘Thank you.’
Wanda giggles. ‘Don’t let him hear you say that, Pete. You’ve got your ear piece turned off right?’
‘I do,’ he nods, ‘I just don’t like you having to do this alone.’
.’ The teen continues, as black tendrils start to curl around his body, then he raises an arm and the black tendrils reach out and wrap around the gauntlet, stopping Thanos from being able to use that hand.
‘Care to tell me who you been visiting, Baby Boy?’
‘Oh yes because
‘Yes,’ Steve concedes, ‘I did. But Wade is going to be leading this mission and
‘Please don’t baby me,’ he says, ‘I know I’ve had a rough time recently and I’m not exactly a hundred percent right now, but I’m not useless and I don’t need cotton wool around me and I want to help. Even if it’s just to know I’m not the only one who’s scared.’
‘I’d rather go on a date with Loki,’ Strange deadpans and Wanda has to bite back on her laugh.
The announcer walks back up to the microphone and takes it from the stand as the applause starts to die down, walking down to the floor. ‘Thank you Colonel. Now to start the Gala we have the charity dance! So can we please clear a space on the floor for the three couples? Thank you. Now as you know you were all given the opportunity to place a silent bid to have the first dance with one of our three Avengers.’ Steve ignores the elbow Bucky digs into his side. ‘So first let me welcome the three dancers to the floor. First is our very own Iron Man: Tony Stark!’ There’s a ripple of applause, and a few cat calls, as Tony makes his way towards the announcer in the centre of the cleared area, a big smile for the crowd and a small wave.
‘You are most welcome,’ he responds, altering his appearance to be more human at the same time the god changes his. ‘Though I want to ask again: what made you decide to embrace your heritage now rather than when you first discovered it?’
‘You know better than to bother her when she’s feeling like this,’ she’s scolding him. ‘You’re just lucky it was only a book she threw at you, and she didn’t decide to send you through the wall.’
‘I’ll get hold of them and get them over here,’ Sam says, taking out his phone. ‘We can pause everything else for an hour or two at least.’ He goes to make the call to the rest of the team.
‘How good are you at destroying things?’
‘Wanda you need any help with the lights?’
‘Are you sure you
Deadpool shrugs, quieter now. ‘I had to head out of town for a few days.’
’ he gestures to his head, ‘and at the moment it doesn’t look like you can either. At least not in the time we have left.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Thank you so much for the wonderful comments on the last chapter, I hope you enjoy this one just as much.
‘And if it doesn’t change you’ll let one of us know?’ he asks.
‘Just hurry up and give me a hand would you?’
‘Don’t play dumb,’ he fixes the scarred man with his best
Love always,
Peter sighs.
Tony throws his hands in the air. ‘Peter do you realise what you got yourself into? Hammer was trying to kidnap you, he brings soldiers to your school, and when we’re trying to come and help you, you take it upon yourself to bring a mercenary with a frankly sketchy history of mental stability into the middle of said firefight.’
‘Right,’ that doesn’t seem to have helped Quill feel any better.
‘Hey! What about me?’ Wade protests.
‘Yeah like we could explain why we’d been drinking when we make it back to the facility,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘You know when he’s due in?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Probably?’ Rhodes raises an eyebrow. ‘Tony the kid practically worships the ground you walk on, of course he’s going to be upset if he pisses you off.’
‘We’ve seen you as part of the team for a long time now, Wade,’ Steve replies, ‘you just didn’t seem to be accepting that. So I figured I’d make it official so you’d believe us. Merry Christmas, Avenger.’
for something,’ he explains, refilling the glasses with the last of the scotch in the bottle. ‘For a long time I thought it was my fault that I had killed people with the weapons I created, and for not realising Stane was dealing under the table. But what I came to realise was that the blame was not solely on my shoulders. Yes I
fairytale.’
Strange huffs in frustration. ‘This is against my better judgment, and I imagine I’ll regret it, but fine. Once more. But then no more until you have answered my questions.’
‘Why am I not surprised?’ comes the frustrated reply as he rifles through some of the men’s pockets to get some additional ammo before slipping a couple of handguns into his waistband and picking up a larger rifle. ‘Right, lets go do damage control.’
He nods. ‘I want you to have this,’ he says, handing the weapon over to her.
The dark skinned man sighs, this was going to be harder than he thought. If that was even possible. ‘Don’t play stupid, Bucky, it doesn’t suit you. Loki. Why won’t you make a move?’
Loki doesn’t respond as they’ve now reached the start of the mural. He can feel the confusion from the other side of the link.
‘You mean when they exploded and we had to evacuate the lab?’
‘December hits and the packages start flying in,’ Sam groans as he empties his armful of packages onto the sofa next to her.
Bucky looks at his friend in despair. ‘It’s sad day when that phrase comes out of your mouth.’ Then he rounds on the mercenary. ‘And shouldn’t you be encouraging wild behaviour?’
‘Hmm…sorry what? I was distracted by the show.’
Wade laughs. ‘Ok fair point. But… are you really ok about this? I mean shouldn’t you be freaking out that your nearly-adopted son is interested in a Freddy Kreuger look-alike that kills people for a living?’
Tony sighs. ‘You’ll see when we get there. We’re going somewhere no one would ever think to look for us.’
‘Mr Stark can we have a quote?’
‘Uh…please tell me there’s mistletoe,’ Tony’s voice is a little breathless.
They continue chatting as they continue through the rows of trees, pointing out the odd one that looks promising before moving on once they decide it’s not actually what they want.
Peter can’t help it. He starts sobbing, only dimly aware of Wade explaining about Beck. How he’d made it so they couldn’t tell the difference between reality and illusion.
‘No,’ Peter fights back tears as he continues along the street. ‘Can I ask a favour?’
‘Be good to exorcise some of those ghosts as well, Tones,’ Rhodes points out, ‘and it’ll just rot away otherwise.’
Whatever she was about to say in response is cut off by the door opening and Peter’s heart sinks when he sees who walks in. This is not going to end well. For him.
‘If you hadn’t felt what you did for Steve, would you have gone for it with Bucky?’
Hulk roars in response and nearly smacks Tony out of the air. ‘Hulk want flag!’
‘I’d quite like you to swing my way,’ Deadpool replies, the mask pulling over his face shows his grin.
Loki pauses, then sighs through their link.
‘We’ve been looking at individuals who’ve made big changes in modern history,’ he answers. ‘We don’t have to stick with someone in modern history, but we’ve got to do a presentation on someone who has had a big impact on the world in some way and explain why. Some people have already made their choices and we’re not allowed to do the same as anyone else.’
‘He went off with a blonde woman earlier,’ Wanda says, and Peter winces at her choice of words. ‘She was asking for his help.’
‘No he’s always this excitable,’ Loki sighs. ‘I wish I knew how to calm him down.’
‘You sure about that Barnes?’ she counters.
‘We hadn’t thought about Francis,’ Steve nods, ‘we’ve been focussed so much on what’s happening now we’ve lost sight of what we already know.’
‘Since when has that ever stopped Tony?’ she asks, raising an eyebrow and gesturing to the door. ‘Off you go, soldier.’
‘Well…when you put it like that I suppose a case can be made, but it wasn’t supposed to be-’
There’s a brief pause. Then Loki replies.
‘No,’ his voice is firm. ‘I’m not that stupid. He knows I visit you guys every other weekend, but that’s about all he knows about my personal life. Except for my burger and taco preferences.’
The shock on Tony’s face is real enough. ‘You can’t be serious?’ he asks. ‘I thought the implant was a success and that the soldier was able to use the arm without any issues. Though…’ he trails off and looks thoughtfully back at the party, ‘I did wonder why he wasn’t with the squad when we got introduced earlier. Why wouldn’t your Captain have said anything? I asked how the soldier was doing and he said all was fine and he wasn’t up for dealing with large crowds yet.’
‘Is all this…excitement usually necessary?’ she asks as he opens the box.
‘Yeah you wouldn‘t be,’ he mutters. ‘Alright kid, give it your best shot.’
The Spider-Man mask is on again and he leaps towards me.
‘Avengers!’ Steve calls, readying his shield as the barrier drops and the aliens come rushing through. ‘Assemble!’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘I’m fine really,’ Peter tries to reassure them, feeling his cheeks burning in embarrassment. ‘I could do that all day.’
Love always,
She laughs again. ‘I think Steve would find it easier to understand if that were the case. But no I don’t. I’m just curious as to what happened, all things considered I wasn’t expecting you two to get along as well as you are.’
‘It’s what we do,’ Steve adds, ‘we’re a team.’
‘He does have a point, honey,’ Tony enters the argument.
Rhodes came down about ten minutes after Steve left but he refused to let FRIDAY open the door. Natasha had tried an hour later, and Sam about thirty minutes after her, but they’d all got the same response.
She laughs and pulls back, setting off the grenade she’d sent wandering whilst they spoke. There’s a loud bang, and bright blue powder fills her vision. Coughing and spluttering to clear the air around her, finally the powder settles and she catches sight of Tony.
‘Oh he’s already been tested, Hill,’ Fury tells her, about to take the opposite hallway to her, ‘I just need to see if he’s willing to graduate.’
‘Oh come on I had to make sure he was good enough for Pete.’
‘I have more,’ she argues. Then her vision becomes as red as the light of her magic and she can’t see the sphere any more.
By the time Natasha and Sam join them in the common area, Tony’s getting restless. He’s not used to having to sit and wait to hear about the situation.
‘Ugh, fine, I’ll go play nice,’ she huffs, then points a finger in his face. ‘But I want you to look through this and tell me why you think it isn’t working. Also,’ she grins, ‘here’s the video I promised you of T’Challa trying out that suit for the first time and going flying.’
‘Woah. Hold on a second there, kid,’ Tony smiles at him. ‘Before we talk about that I want to talk about Beck.’
‘Mr Stark…’ Peter turns an even brighter shade of red and toes the carpet with his shoe. ‘Umm… right let me show you where your room is.’
‘Peter?’ Steve growls. ‘What do you know about Peter?’
‘On it,’ she replies, and the jet takes off.
And at that moment, he looks at Tony. The inventor is looking at him with a defeated look on his face, as if he knows what Steve is going to choose. As if he knows that Steve is going to leave.
‘Huh, yeah I know what you mean,’ he replies, he’d been thinking what to do for a number of the team and been struggling for an answer. ‘Hey I know! There’s a ballet on in New York that she was hinting we should go to, but I know she’s been saying that she wishes you two had more time to yourselves so why don’t you take her? Make a day or two of it? I could get you the tickets when I’m in town if you want?’
‘You alright?’ Tony asks.
‘What do you take me for, Barnes?’ she smirks, even though she knows he can’t see her. ‘Some half-assed spy halfway through her training?’
‘Oh yes,’ Rhodes laughs, ‘and keep score of how many races they’ve won because they
‘You’ll survive,’ the reply rumbles from behind him and Tony finds it comforting. Steve’s the one holding him, Natasha’s in front of him reminding him how to breathe. He’s not in a cave.
‘The only thing I hate about these damn things,’ Quill’s muffled voice comes from inside his where he’s gotten stuck, ‘is getting them on!’
‘Why does this stuff smell like marzipan?’ Rhodes asks from the other corner of the kitchen where he’s sat at a counter with Sam, both of them stirring contents of large mixing bowls. ‘I’m pretty certain we didn’t put any almonds in.’
Immediately Tony lets out a gasp as his breathing becomes easier. He looks up at the teen and smiles, reaching up with a hand to brush away from of the tears still falling from the boy’s face. ‘Thanks, Pete.’
‘I hear you,’ MJ nods, ‘and whilst I sympathise and find witnessing people’s misery entertaining, I’m not going to go with you.’
‘The Red Room,’ he sees her freeze, the mask slamming down on her mask quicker than he can blink, ‘I remember the Red Room. I remember training you. I remember-’
‘You’re so fucking predictable,’ Wade yells at the man, heading towards him. ‘You aren’t going to stop me with that threat, Francis, I’ll just walk through it all to kill you for the last time.’
‘Done with what?’
‘Actually,’ Natasha pauses, ‘that’s a very good idea. Now who’s going to deliver Strange’s invite?’
‘Wait, is it a boy?’ Bucky asks. ‘Or do you have one of each? Are they asking for pictures? Please tell me-’
‘Whatever gave you that impression?’ she grins back at him. ‘Do you want to take Ned and MJ up to the rooms they’ve had before by yours?’
‘And now for our top three bidders,’ the man says as Steve stands next to Natasha, ignoring her small smirk.
‘Tony, what are you-?’
‘True, they are both as bad as each other,’ another voice laughs from the doorway and Tony looks over to see Steve leaning against the doorframe with a smirk on his face. ‘Let’s hope they don’t throw a party or we won’t have a home to come back to.’
Still checking over her shoulder with every step she eventually reaches the closest of the charges, and starts setting the timer.
even realises how much he feels for the guy; he did make the good point that Wade has his back in all aspects of his life though, at least he can keep up with both Peter
Clint narrows his eyes at Peter and shakes his head behind Natasha’s back. He just grins back at the archer while Steve tries to get everyone’s attention and cover up his team’s antics.
‘I’ll-’
He’s overdone it. They’ve gone further along the bars than he thought so when he lets go, he smacks into one of the supports as Steve brings them to a halt. The impact knocks the wind out of him and his grip on Steve’s hand loosens.
‘That, Tony,’ Nick Fury says, stepping into the room, black coat fanning out behind him, ‘is one thing you definitely do not need to be.’
hours.’
‘Steve!’ Peter shouts, then looks down, realising he’s still got hold of the other end of the chain. ‘Uh oh.’
Love always,
Tony groans. ‘God don’t remind me. I felt like Dad,’ Steve notices how his voice sours a little at the mention of Howard. ‘It’s stupid really,’ Tony continues. ‘I mean I was in and out of detention at school and it’s not exactly done me much harm. He doesn’t know it but he’s got a guaranteed job at Stark Industries as soon as he’s finished all the education he wants.’
May’s expression says she doesn’t believe him. ‘You’re not trying to get people on your side by pulling that innocent act are you? You know, the same one you used to pull on me and Ben when you were young?’
say the shit we don’t want to admit, and at least if it’s me you can make yourself feel better by shooting me afterwards. The fact is, Widow, HYDRA created the Winter Soldier and they gave Wanda her powers. If
Wanda does a bit of digging into Peter's love life; and Tony has to deal with the public's reaction and speculation to the team watching Peter's presentation
Tony sighs dramatically. ‘Fine. But next time I say I want to find a way to make the shield more portable you are
‘He’s a murdering psychopath, of course it would ruin the image,’ Ned counters.
Thor nods and, between him, Bruce and Valkyrie, they tell the story of how Thor discovered Loki masquerading as Odin, discovering they had a sister with an attitude problem the size of Everest, finding each other under the Grandmaster’s tournament, defeating Hela and the destruction of Asgard. Then comes the attack when they’d left the ruins of their planet and how their vessel had been attacked by the Mad Titan.
‘He has forgiven you, Steve,’ Rhodes reassures him. ‘Otherwise he never would have tried to get you home in the first place. But he’s still hurting, and he’s not sure if you’re going to stick around this time. He’s scared of getting hurt again, Steve, so he’s scared of getting close to you again. He won’t admit any of this, of course. But once he realises you’ll stick around, he’ll let you back in. You’ve just got to be patient.’
‘Take care of yourself, Tony,’ she says, slipping the glasses back on, ‘you’re looking tired.’
Peter smiles. ‘Good, because I’ve wanted to call you that for a long time. You’re basically the dad I never even knew I wanted but you just came and filled this space I didn’t even realise was there. And with Thanos…with nearly losing you,’ he tightens his hold on Tony, ‘I just wanted you to know that.’
‘Hey, it looks worse than it is,’ he tries to reassure her with a smile, but she can feel the pain he’s in.
Steve pauses halfway down, Natasha is a few steps behind him and Sam is still at the top by the door. As he catches sight of the soldiers Steve frowns at him. ‘What’s going on, Tony?’ his voice is cold and dangerous.
He doesn’t allow the soldier to argue, just leads him up the stairs, and hoping that no one notices as he wipes at the traitorous wetness on his cheeks.
he hisses, ducking his head to avoid the questioning stares from other students.
‘Loki says we should be grateful Thor wasn’t around to join in,’ Bucky says from where he’s on the floor behind the counter, ‘and that we shouldn’t mention it around him or there won’t be food left in the entire state.’
‘You never asked? Natasha’s a good friend, once I got over the whole lying to me about her identity thing. But then I got really used to getting over things with you so it didn’t take that long.’
Love always,
‘What happened? And I mean that in both the changing of the room and that you’re looking less like you’re about to leave me here without your sorry ass to pull out of trouble.’
‘I’ll take a look and let you know,’ he replies. ‘Any news from Carol and the Guardians?’
‘Yeah I just-’
‘But Wade was-’
Tony shakes his head. ‘No,’ he replies and feels the muscles underneath him relax, ‘no I was… I was drowning, Steve. First in Afghanistan, then when I came out of the water I was back with Hammer; they put me under again and it was- I was through the portal with the nuke. All I could see was the darkness of space and the Chitauri getting closer, then one… one reached for my chest and,’ he buries himself closer to the chest underneath him and takes a deep breath, ‘Obie was there. Holding the reactor in his hand and watching me-’
‘We are but you’re not going to be able to deal with everything you have to go through if you aren’t at least a little bit familiar with your surroundings,’ Tony points out. ‘Plus I have to give reports to the Council on your progress and it’ll be a little hard to do if I’m not there.’
‘Err… what just happened?’ Wade asks, blinking in surprise. Tony huffs a laugh and fills him in, the mercenary jumping out from under the mistletoe like it was about to set him on fire. He glares at Bucky. ‘Come near me and mistletoe and I’ll rip your arm off.’
‘What’s got your panties in a twist? Not enough bad guys to web up?’ When Peter doesn’t respond he can tell the merc gets worried. ‘What’s going on Spider-Man?’
‘Greetings friends,’ T’Challa welcomes them as they climb out of the jet, now parked back on top of the Wakandan Embassy again. ‘I have good news for you.’
Tony just laughs and pulls the covers down more to take a look. ‘Oh good.’
‘I am glad,’ Loki gives him a genuine smile in response. ‘I shall see you in the morning, Bucky.’
Before anyone else can respond Tony and Steve enter the common area; as Tony goes to get them some drinks Steve raises an eyebrow at the slouched figure of his childhood friend. ‘Ok, anyone want to explain why Bucky’s sulking?’
‘There’s more to it than just staring at Steve’s ass though isn’t there?’
Bucky, however, is still stood over Peter, looking torn between wanting to attack him and like he knows he shouldn’t.
‘Cap what do I do when I find Tony?’ Scott asks as Steve watches the two red suited men disappear down the fire escape.
‘Right, going,’ he nods and races over to where some of the others were sat, raising a hand to Bucky as he ducks past where his friend has taken up position. He slides to a pause next to Peter and Bruce. ‘How you guys doing?’
‘Not yet I’m not,’ Tony says, stretching and putting the tablet on the table. ‘But just about to be. Hey FRIDAY? Play Let It Go for Bucky will ya? I’m going to go get Christmas decorations.’
Tony turns to look at the man’s face, seeing the sincerity and uncertainty in his piercing blue eyes. His reply is to press a kiss to the side of Steve’s mouth. ‘Only if I can call you mine.’
Pepper laughs. ‘Oh come on, Tony, he’s completely your type! Plus he wasn’t exactly scared of standing up to you either, which is
‘I swear to god, Wade Wilson, one day I am going to leave you webbed halfway up the Empire State Building and I’m not even going to be sorry when I come back to get you a week later.’
‘I’ll choose Peter,’ he says, and the teenager goes over to join him.
I'm afraid this is the last of the bonding chapters with Peter and the team for a while, but next chapter does see a return of everyone's favourite loud-mouthed mercenary so I hope you'll forgive me.
‘Duly noted,’ Loki laughs.
‘But-’
‘I come for all humans eventually.’
Love to you all!
‘Take a nap, Clint,’ he suggests. ‘We all need all the rest we can get.’
does so I hope you feel special, Cap. But that’s how you were able to become such good friends.’
‘No idea,’ he replies, ‘Tony text me to say it’s a surprise. Which has me worried.’
Tony isn’t sure what to expect when he and Rhodes land at the entrance to the address that Sam had sent them earlier. The same man is standing at the entrance looking a mixture of sheepish and pissed off.
Thank you so much again to everyone for your continued support with this story. I'm enjoying writing this series so much and it is honestly mostly because of all you wonderful people!
‘Yes but…from the point where we win in that one future there are two possible outcomes. Though each one means a death, it just differs on
Stephen gives him a sympathetic smile. ‘I’m afraid the nurses I work with are rather more matter-of-fact, though still optimistic. I can’t abide the nurses who seem to think they’re auditioning for a role as Barbie.’
Peter quickly puts his hand over Harry’s mouth. ‘And you can stop right there, thank you very much.’
‘Pepper he needs
‘Hey Steve,’ she smiles at him.
Natasha raises an eyebrow and gives him a quick glance before focussing back on the road. ‘I looked up the police report afterwards by the way.’
‘What- but-’
He stands up, cutting off Hammer’s response and leaves the man spluttering behind him, Natasha hot on his heels as they close the door behind them. ‘Did you hear all that?’ he asks Steve as the soldier stands, wide eyed, when they close the door.
‘It’s the one thing he’ll never expect me to do,’ Tony nods. ‘He thinks I don’t give a damn what the public thinks, so he won’t expect me to go to them for the battle field.’
‘Ah ha! FRIDAY came good and delivered supplies,’ he points out the boxes stacked next to the side door. ‘Had her get a food order delivered to the facility, then had drones bring it here. Now…let’s see if I can remember which brick Jarvis used…’
Bruce shakes his head, turning to look at him and then his eyes widen. ‘Uh…is there something you guys forgot to mention?’
‘Give the guy a minute Sharon,’ Sam frowns at her. The woman crosses her arms over her chest but mercifully remains quiet.
‘Oh crap,’ he hisses, checking at his ear that the dial was turned off for voice. Thankfully it was and he heaves a sigh of relief. ‘How’s your night going?’
‘It wasn’t your fault,’ Peter tells him quietly. ‘We live these double lives and sometimes they cross over, and when it does you lose any ounce of control you thought you had. And you can’t blame yourself for anything that happens in those moments.’
‘Please, Steve,’ his voice is breathless, ‘I’ve missed you. I just…I want you.’
Love always,
‘That’s good news,’ Bucky smiles, ‘if you can make more that can do half of what this has helped me do there’s going to be a lot of people get their lives changed for the better.’
‘Yeah I killed the fuc- him and my counterpart didn’t,’ Wade responds.
Tony lets out a laugh. ‘Strangely enough, neither this time.’
‘Too busy thinking of what story to make up about what the Avengers had you doing next were you?’ Flash sneers.
A/N: I'm sorry for being late again. I feel like the White Rabbit from Alice in Wonderland at this point. Things should start calming down now in the general life side of things, however, so I shouldn't be late again for a while (famous last words!). I will also get round to replying to all your wonderful comments in the next day or two. I really do appreciate them please do keep them coming.
‘Spider senses remember?’ he says with a smile. ‘I can tell that stuffs heading towards me super early. Come on let’s have a film marathon. What do you want to watch?’
Tony raises an eyebrow at his CEO’s opinion. ‘Care to explain, Pep?’
Peter swallows back his fear, hearing the sounds of shouting downstairs. He raises his hands and steps forwards.
To her surprise it’s Steve that laughs first. ‘Let’s go get everyone and get started on the mistletoe challenge shall we?’
‘I’m holding you to that,’ Thor tells him, pulling him into a one armed hug. ‘We should leave before you tire,’ he says, pulling away.
‘Stay here,’ he tells him, voice soft, and goes to get the first aid kit. Neither of them speak when he returns and starts tending to the various wounds on Tony’s body. When he finishes its Tony that breaks the silence.
‘Hey, what the hell kid?’ Sam tries to roll in the air to throw him, but to no avail,
Peter starts looking uncomfortable. ‘Yeah, but-’ The tray of bread hovers in front of him, suspended by tendrils of scarlet light. ‘Oh! Thanks Wanda.’
‘Let’s get you inside,’ Steve says, helping the god to his feet.
she scolds herself.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘But-’
‘They’re in effect from Monday,’ Tony cuts him off, voice not quite as steady as he’d hoped. ‘Secretary Ross already agreed, with a bit of persuasion from the Council.’
‘Shall we go in, Captain Rogers?’ the registrar asks him, she’s got a kind smile which Steve is immensely grateful for right now. ‘I believe Mr Stark shall be with us in a couple of minutes.’
‘Oh, I didn’t realise you were still up,’ a small voice comes from the doorway. The three turn to see Peter walking in.
As always here's your sneak peek:
she realises.
friends by the end of it.’
‘Right,’ Peter closes his eyes and conjures up the memory of facing Venom with Loki and Tony; deciding that facing his fear of the Symbiote was the one memory that was not going to invoke a panic attack. He feels another presence with him, almost like a ghost, as the memory plays out on the back of his eyelids like a movie. ‘What the-’
‘You have been having a few downcast moments,’ he explains, ‘but you seem to get more of them around other people, especially when they are feeling troubled or disappointed.’ There’s a pause as she doesn’t respond and he doesn’t push for input from her. ‘May I ask: why do you feel the need to complete so many of everyone’s traditions this year?’
‘Why is everyone raining on my parade today? First these guys are purposefully wasting my energy, then Steve blew my cover, and now Vision’s calling me dramatic.’
His head is ringing from his crash, but there’s another warning and he’s not entirely sure where he’s moving to except that he’s moving out of the way of the attack, and feels the air above his leg stirred as Vision’s attack misses him by millimetres.
‘Hey kids is this the Decathlon?’ a voice says from the doorway of the classroom they’ve met in. ‘Because I’m looking for a baby genius.’
‘Oh come on the kid threatened to put me on my arse when I looked at the guy funny,’ Clint says, ‘either they’re brothers or there was something else going on. Not even Steve looked like that when someone threatened Bucky.’
‘You are happy with the current building plan-’
‘Yeah,’ Natasha nods.
‘Hello everyone, welcome to our school event and thank you to parents and friends of the students who are giving their presentations here today who have come to support. We have six students giving presentations that they have given as part of their schoolwork, their teachers have been so impressed that they’ve been nominated to give them today. Now, I’ll hand over to our first student, Miss Emily Howard, to give her presentation from her science class.’
‘I imagine you’re going to anyway.’
Wade just shrugs and pulls the sleeve of his suit up, revealing the already healing marks. ‘The only plus side to cancer is when you get healing abilities trying to get rid of it.’
‘Pepper if they start misbehaving just glare at them and you’ll have them cowering in the corner. Ow!’ he rubs his arm. ‘What was that for?’
. And Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes is supervising in my absence.’
Nebula frowns. ‘No pointless. There is little that scares me, and certainly not a celebration.’
‘Well, you’ll see,’ Sam sighs. ‘Plus Steve and I had already bought one.’
Matt cocks his head to the side, obviously doing his own version of looking around the ice cream parlour. ‘Can we go outside?’
I'll go post the second update of this week now.
‘Wanda there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you,’ he starts, wishing he was better with words and wondering what he’s going to say next. Everything he’d planned has suddenly vanished from his memory.
‘We’ve got the ice rink booked this weekend though after hours,’ he continues, ignoring the interruption. ‘So that way we don’t have to worry about any abilities getting out of hand and hurting members of the public. I think there’s supposed to be some carollers singing in Central Park afterwards so I thought we’d go and tick that tradition off the list while we’re there.’
‘And who are you?’ Thanos snarls, struggling against the black tendrils.
he muses, staring out of the window,
‘Fine then us two girls are sticking together,’ Natasha says, grabbing hold of Wanda’s elbow.
‘Well, Stephen,’ Stark rolls his eyes at Bucky, ‘I’d say either Sergeant Barnes and I have pissed off the same person and they’ve used this as an excuse to try and hurt both of us. Or someone is trying to ruin my prosthesis project and is willing to harm Sergeant Barnes in the process.’
‘Very well,’ his brother sighs. ‘But Wade said that a friend named Mufasa needed-’
Bucky looks at the doorway where Loki is leaning against the frame. ‘You really need to ask now?’ he looks back down, knowing his question is unfair.
‘Hey,’ he squeezes Wanda’s hand again, ‘it’s alright. Even if they do have another magic user, it just means we’ve got to be smarter than them rather than stronger than them.’
‘Let go,’ she struggles but can’t break the grip of the metal hand gripping her.
‘Tony?’ Steve’s come to stand next to him, and he’s turned off his comms. Tony reaches up to do the same. ‘Whatever happens-’
‘So?’
‘Sam, what are you doing?’ Caesar demands, pointing his gun at Sam.
‘My brother is referring to the time I spent in the healing chambers when I was learning magic with our mother,’ Loki responds. ‘She insisted I learned some form of healing magic as it was a good way to learn intricate control; Thor teased me mercilessly at the time as healing was usually seen as women’s work. He soon swallowed his words when we were out on quests and my small knowledge came in useful on more than one occasion.’
‘I love you,’ Steve laughs.
‘Right kid the window right in front of you? I’ve got it open. I want you to jump in and do a quick scan of the immediate area. Got it?’
‘Right away, boss,’ comes the female response. ‘Should I set it to voice or music prompting?’
‘Figures,’ Rhodes snorts.
‘I wish I could create something to say I had finally finished making my way through the library at the Sanctum, but unfortunately that would be a lie.’
‘That’s the exact
He half considers grabbing one of the crappy cafeteria coffee’s for Bucky, but decides he’s already wasted enough of Steve’s time to waste any more taking a cheap shot at the dark haired man. Besides he’s going to be in enough trouble as it is.
time you respect the law is the one time I don’t want you to. Or is it that you’re just using it as an excuse and you don’t actually want to sleep with me?’
Love always,
‘He’s Spider-Man,’ Ned pants.
‘You won’t be,’ Steve reassures him. ‘Besides she’s going to need your help as well, Pete. There’s a lot of research still to get through and, despite being
‘I’ve got Steve on them already,’ Tony waves off the concern. ‘He’ll have them in line by the time we get back.’
‘Fuck, Pete, trust me when I say that is not it. I can even prove it to you,’ he makes his point by pressing his hips down into Peter’s, his forming erection pressing into Peter’s thigh and making his heart rate speed up and blood run in a similarly southern direction. ‘Pete,’ Wade’s voice has gone quieter and his brown eyes are pleading, ‘please believe me, I’m only sticking by this because of
‘Well I know Daredevil wouldn’t want to join the team, but I’d still warn him about what was happening,’ the teenager mumbles, ‘but, well… did you want me to see if Deadpool would give us a hand? I mean I know he’s probably not your top choice, but he’s really not all that bad I swear and-’
‘You sure?’ At Tony’s question Steve nods. Tony takes hold of Steve’s hand in his and gives it a squeeze. ‘I’ll warm you from the ice, and you drag me from the water,’ he murmurs, pressing a kiss to Steve’s lips.
‘Yes, boss.’
‘Taking to the skies are we, hon? It’s not going to help, you’re just postponing the inevitable,’ she mock-sighs.
‘Pietro?’ Her twin’s name falls from her lips like a prayer as her vision fades from red to black.
‘He’s just going to give me an update on any information he’s managed to find, Ned. Don’t make it weird,’ Peter sighs, stuffing his mask into his pocket and reaching for his phone, keys and wallet.
‘Nice play, man. You had us all fooled.’
‘You muted me, I had no choice.’
‘Do you ever shut up?’ Wanda asks, not quite able to believe there’s someone alive who can talk more than Tony Stark. He snaps his mouth shut, looking down at the floor and she can’t help but feel bad.
‘Fine,’ Tony sighs, ‘but I’m paying for the second one. I mean…’ he suddenly looks unsure, which is not something Steve is used to seeing on his face, ‘if you want another one that is.’
‘It’s not your fault,’ he tells him. ‘I know what I have to do to keep both sides of my life separate and I just got careless.’
‘Why would you say something like that?’ she demands.
go with him,’ Tony interrupts Wanda and hauls himself to his feet. ‘Come on, Underoos, I think it’s about time I thanked the man myself for helping get me out.’
‘Is that Pete?’ Tony lifts the face plate, blinking in shock.
‘But…why?’ Peter ignores the archer’s statement.
‘You keep working on that plan,’ he grins, ‘I’m expecting great things from you, my genius.’
‘I…alright. Thank you, Tony,’ Steve smiles at him, and he sees Tony blink in surprise.
‘Though, it might be a good idea for it to be around friends this time?’ Tony suggests, and immediately backs down at the look Steve sends him. ‘Nope, sorry Pete, Captain has spoken. You come sit with me and we’ll share some and watch and laugh, and help Wanda adjudicate.’
‘You told me not to alert you if you had calls or messages, boss,’ the AI responds.
Wade’s gaping like a fish out of water so Peter takes on him and answers. ‘Why don’t you break Wanda? You’ll need all the help you can get.’
‘Nightmares?’
‘That too.’
Steve shrugs. ‘Think a couple are out. Sam and Blake are in their rooms, Sam said something about talking with family. Bucky’s obviously still in hospital. Not sure about the others.’
‘I thought we were on a time scale?’ Bucky asks, frowning a little at this news.
‘No shit,’ Clint shakes his head. ‘So what’s this I hear about you and Loki?’
‘It’s Daredevil, Spidey,’ Deadpool says from behind him. ‘Papers like to call him the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen. You’re a bit far out of your normal stomping ground aren’t you Red?’
‘A pleasure as always, sir.’
‘Wait you can do that?’ Peter asks, eyes wide. ‘Can you teach me how to do it?’
Peter doesn’t respond so when it’s his turn again Wade grabs his arm and turns him to face him. ‘Start talking, Baby Boy.’
‘Three days? Mine’s on one.’
‘I don’t care to test it. Neither do I care to experience the lecture I shall receive from Wong should it happen.’
‘That’s one way of saying ‘intended kidnapping victim’ I haven’t heard before,’ Rhodes mutters, then starts setting out the plan of attack.
Steve laughs, glad their conversation has gone back to a happier note. ‘I did
you to, Rogers,’ Rumlow growls. ‘And since you are
‘Wouldn’t there be like lasers all over the floor to stop us going where we shouldn’t though?’
‘Yeah. You alright? You’ve been out a bit longer than me. I was starting to worry you wouldn’t wake up.’ It sounds like there’s tears in her voice.
‘The only problem,’ Bucky adds quietly. ‘Is if that happens its unlikely Ross will allow any of the rest of you to return.’
At least they hoped so.
‘I can give them to you,’ Peter offers. ‘And since I’ll be out front they won’t be expecting it. Especially if we have a group left here, and a smaller group going for a separate entrance.’
Peter, though, is now a bundle of nervous energy.
Wade scoffs. ‘I’d have to be blind or an idiot
Rhodes fixes Tony with a look that the genius misses thanks to his closed eyes. ‘Stop avoiding the question, Tony. You’re hiding things again and you know I hate it when you do that.’
‘Err… yeah right. Can I just say you’re really screwing with my spidey-sense and this is so not fair.’ He barely misses the punch that Vision throws at him, and he hears it crack the wall where his head had been. ‘Dude, not so hard! I want a face left at the end of this.’
‘Aww come on Pep!’ Tony whines. ‘We’re having fun!’
-Barnes calm yourself! You’re safe!- Loki’s tone is urgent in his mind but all he can feel is the pain.
‘Hardly foolproof,’ Bucky sighs, ‘but it’s the best we’ve got. Alright, tell us when you’re ready.’
‘What?’ he asks, looking back up at the man and noting the tight lines that had appeared since last night.
‘Alright I’ll have a look, maybe get Peter to give me a hand to distract him.’
‘So am I,’ comes the reply, ‘but I know we can face anything as long as we’re together.’
‘But…
Deadpool sighs again and nods. ‘Ugh. We’re so having a talk about how you’ve kept being a baby model away from me for this long.’
‘Matt! What are you doing here?’
‘Both,’ he mutters, looking at the ground.
‘Yeah but Carol has her friends on other planets to be with, and she did say she’d try and get here for New Year. Besides I think she would have only been comfortable here if Fury had been here as well; she’s still trying to navigate everyone properly and getting used to being around humans again.’
lose Wade, he can’t imagine what Wanda and Quill are going through, and Wanda has more hope than Quill at this point.
knew the risks when we faced Thanos,’ Peter gets his stubborn frown on his face and Natasha suppresses a groan. This was going to get heated quickly. ‘Besides what’s the point in beating Thanos if we’re just going to keep grudges against each other afterwards about
‘Honey, the fact you brought these is more than enough,’ Steve reassures him, not looking away from the four enemies in front of them.
All that's left is to say another huge thank you and I hope you all have a wonderful week. Love to you all!
‘You’re supposed to be on my side,’ the inventor grumbles. ‘And you say I get distracted but I find all the secret passageways. Have you checked for secret passageways yet, Cap?’
‘I resent being called a crazy scientist,’ Bruce says as he appears from behind a bank of screens. ‘Hello everyone, nice of you to join us. Especially as we have a very special visitor today who is just on the edge of making me rather annoyed.’
Loki smiles this time, rather than smirks. ‘Touché. Come sit next to me here,’ he moves to the couch and gestures at the space next to him. Bucky follows, reminding himself that this is a good idea. ‘Now,’ the god continues, ‘I should only have to look through one or two memories in order to check so it should not take long. Try not to think of any of them, I shall see if I can find the ones that are most useful to this experiment. And try not to get distracted, or you’ll bring other memories and thoughts to the front of your mind and make this longer than necessary. Just try to keep your mind blank. It shouldn’t be too difficult.’
I did a double update this week as I won't be able to post next week and thought it would be mean to make you potentially wait for this last chapter. Please do let me know what you think of these last two chapters.
‘Boys!’ Natasha shouts, bringing them both back to the present. ‘Seriously? Now is not the time for you two to be arguing over who loves Tony more. We need to get him
show him,’ Wanda glares at the soldier, ‘because that way he might make it in one piece.’
is not what he was expecting. ‘What?!?’
‘Isn’t it always?’
‘Sorry, sweetheart, what have you been planning?’
‘We all got knitted Christmas sweaters!’ Peter grins, pulling his Spider-Man one over his head. ‘They’re all personalised to us.’
‘Give the man the prize, he’s finally caught on!’ Tony laughs, dodging the punch Sam aims at his shoulder.
broke down. And, okay he wasn’t the best at handling a car at high speeds, but he was always more careful with Mom in the car. So for it to be a car accident?’ He shakes his head and takes another drink. ‘Plus, at least this way I know there really was nothing I would have been able to do to stop it.’
‘What do we do?’ MJ whispers.
being there anymore. And I don’t agree with his job, it’s one of the few things we actually properly disagree on, but he is making an effort to change. I asked Weasel for some of his recent targets. All the ones he’s killed recently are gang members, firearms smugglers, drug dealers, leaders of sexual exploitation rings… he’s only going after bad people. Don’t get me wrong I’d still prefer he didn’t kill at all, but I know it’s what he does. And when we first talked about actually dating he put in all these rules because I’m, you know, younger than him, and he’s not moving on them. I tried but he’s more stubborn than any of you.’ He sighs and shrugs. ‘So, yeah.’
‘Stay back or I’ll blow this whole place to hell,’ Hammer snarls, pulling a detonation device from his pocket. Bucky pauses mid-step, gun still trained on Tony’s former business rival. Scott reappears in full height next to the Winter Soldier.
‘Poker,’ Bucky answers, gesturing at the table as if it should have been obvious.
‘Guys? I’ve found him,’ Scott’s voice comes over the comms. ‘He’s not good I’m going to need some help getting him out.’
Natasha feels a little of the tension leave her shoulders. ‘Thanks, Hope. We’re not, I promise. We’ve all come a long way in making sure we share things with the rest of the team, but we all need a bit of time to get things a bit more sorted in our own heads before we can really open up. Besides the Wakandan Accords are nearly through, two or three more days and we should have our answer and be able to relax a little more.’
‘Why will you guys never tell us what happened in Budapest?’ Rhodes asks.
‘I wouldn’t thank us just yet,’ Wade laughs, ‘we have been known to cause great structural damage to buildings.’
‘Ok Tony, I have to admit you’ve done it again,’ Natasha says, still amazed the genius can still surprise her. ‘These were not what I was expecting.’
‘Not important?’ Thor bellows. ‘But Loki-’
P.S. I try and do a sneak peak at the next chapter, so here's Chapter 4's:
‘I think it’d make a perfect hat for Snowflake.’
‘Clint, behave,’ Laura scolds him.
‘Tony invited us up for Boxing Day,’ Laura explains with a smile as the red headed woman goes to greet the newcomers. ‘I’ll be taking the kids on to my parents tomorrow or the day after, but Clint’ll be staying for New Year.’
‘You know I don’t pay attention to stuff people make me sign when I’m in the lab.’
‘What do you recommend then?’ she asks.
Sorry there's no sneak peek this time because I've not finished writing the chapter! What I can say though is: Tony and Wade bond, Tony has 'the talk' with Peter, and there's more Spideypool action!
‘That would be amazing Miss Potts,’ Peter pulls away from Tony and grins.
Loki turns to him in concern. ‘Bucky…those dreams are not dreams.’
Steve bursts out laughing and pulls him down into a hug. ‘Don’t worry, babe your secret is safe with me. I was looking for a good hiding place for your Christmas present and found them.’
Just as they’re about to talk some more Tony’s phone pings with a message from Wanda asking to be picked up. ‘Time to go get the kids,’ he says, pocketing his phone and heading for the door. ‘Behave yourself while Daddy’s out, and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.’
‘Tony,’ Nick’s voice is firm, ‘the Accords needed to happen.’
‘I’m bi alright?’ Peter sighs.
Pepper laughs. ‘I put up with Mr Stark enough as it is, thank you,’ she replies, ‘if you don’t mind I’d rather dance with Captain Rogers.’
‘He said what?’ Tony demands.
‘Yeah but it means I can’t go on patrols on that weekend and, well, patrols is where I get rid of loads of my excess energy. If I keep saying I’m going to Ned’s then he’s going to start asking me to stay back to spend some “bonding time” together,’ the teen makes a face. ‘Which would be fine, but there’s only so many times I can say no before he’s going to start thinking I’ve got a problem with him, and then that’s going to cause an argument, or maybe more than one. And if May starts shouting I get upset, and then she gets upset and then there’s the possibility of
‘Wait: Teddy?’ Bucky asks.
Across the room four of the black-clad soldiers are hurrying towards the hole in the side of the building with Ross running along between them.
He just laughs and holds his hands up in a placating manner at the furious look she sends him. ‘I’m joking! I’m joking!’ When she finally calms down he adds. ‘But you’ve just confirmed my suspicions. So come on: spill.’
‘Ah Anthony! I’m so sorry I haven’t come by sooner. So much to do so little time.’
‘Look Wade, I know the kid alright? He looks at you exactly the same way you look at him when you both think no one is watching. The look on his face when you took your mask off? I’m not I’ll ever be able to get that kind of happiness out of him, which you know is kind of damaging to my ego. I’m sure I’ll live.
‘Stomach and back ache like mad,’ he responds, he notices Bucky looks a little sheepish. ‘But they’ll be fine in a couple of hours.’
Natasha notices the small smile that Peter tries to hide and feels a twinge of unease in her stomach. ‘I’ve faced him a couple of times as well. Not someone you want to be on the bad side of, I’ve seen him make mincemeat out of damn good agents.’
‘It’s your own fault,’ the inventor points out from where he’s sprawled across their bed, ‘you three decided you were going to be all macho and get the tree back yourselves.’
‘Just finishing up, why?’ she asks, turning back to the console to reclaim the flash drive.
‘Join the club,’ Tony mumbles, taking out his phone.
‘You know who would be a good person to ask for ideas?’ Sam pipes up. ‘Peter. Think about it: the kid will hear all the opinions at his school, and kids often repeat the opinions of their parents.’
‘How’s Strange?’ Steve asks.
‘I can send an illusion to take my place,’ Loki waves a dismissive hand, ‘and Thor can speak for me initially in any case.’
Peter blinks in surprise at the bald head and the scars that cover every inch of the man’s skin. ‘They actually cover everything? The scars?’ his voice is soft as he asks the question. Wade just nods, his eyes betraying his uneasiness. Peter reaches up and runs a finger over the man’s head. ‘Do they hurt?’
‘If we have no other option it is better for one to pay the price than countless millions.’
‘What the hell was that?’ he demands.
‘I…’ Bucky isn’t sure what to say.
‘Really, bird brain? I hadn’t noticed,’ he grumbles as he wheels himself out from underneath. ‘Do you think maybe the reason that I’m currently up to my elbows in an antique boiler is because I already
‘Ah whatever, I know you love me really. Welcome to your new home Barnes, good luck with this lot and don’t be afraid to tell them where to shove it.’
‘Well…yes but I’m not sure how much of the facility would still be standing,’ he sighs.
Tony feels that he’s walked into a nightmare.
‘Thank you,’ Loki grins and tucks in again.
A/N: Hello everyone. A more timely update this week. Please do let me know what you think, even if it's to say you think it's pants any kind of feedback is much appreciated.
‘But-’
‘Why don’t I focus on that?’ Sam suggests. ‘There’s other people here who are better suited to the investigation stage at the moment.’
‘Do you honestly believe all that?’
And here's this week's sneak peek:
He nods again and then smiles. ‘You know you will not be able to harm me, Wanda. Why don’t we try now whilst most of the team are out and if you do over reach yourself it’s not going to hurt anyone?’
‘You might want to reinforce the locks on the workshop doors Tony,’ Bruce grins at him from across the table.
‘I wish I could say leave them to rot,’ Loki sighs.
‘And I realised that what I’d been doing for centuries: shutting myself off from the world and my pain and my memories? That my lover would have hated that was how I’d repaid her sacrifice. She gave her life so I could live, not so I could slowly destroy myself.’
him.’
‘Hey!’
The door of the plane opens and a soldier steps out, rifle held ready in his arms as he stands to one side; another two follow him out and quickly make their way down the stairs, standing to attention at either side of the bottom. All of their attention fixed on the door of the aeroplane.
Wade tries to reassure Peter, and Steve and Bucky take the school out to one of the obstacle courses.
Steve lands a punch which knocks the attacker out and looks up to see Ross and two other soldiers jumping out of the building. ‘Tony!’ he shouts. The red suit flashes past the gap in the wall, off in pursuit of the escaping trio.
to get him home,’ Tony cuts his friend off.
The others have come up behind them now, and Tony sees Wanda bend down and pick up a discarded carol sheet. ‘Do you always sing the same ones each year?’ she asks, looking at the paper in her hand.
Tony shakes his head. ‘I need you to buy us as much time as possible with the UN. Get the Wakandan Accords through, keep HYDRA fighting on two fronts, and I’ll…’ he swallows and heaves a sigh, ‘I’ll…try and keep this team from falling apart.’
Loki and Clint reach an accord; and the Mistletoe Challenge reaches its conclusion
‘When did you get so wise?’ he teases her, tightening the hug briefly.
‘All I ask,’ Tony responds, then goes to give Peter a hug goodbye before waving to the two of them as they follow Natasha to the waiting car. ‘You two off?’ he asks Clint and Scott.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Stop treating me like a kid!’ he snaps.
‘Um…sorry I exploded on everyone,’ Peter says, looking down at his feet as soon as he finishes.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Strange is safe,’ Tony tells the monk. ‘You guys ready?’
‘When have you ever known me lie to you Loki?’ Tony demands, as he takes the drink from him.
, you’re going to actually show me some respect,’ he snarls.
‘My apologies,’ Thor pats him a little gentler this time.
‘Last time I checked. Unless you want to get into the whole “evil demon dream” theory of reality. Does this mean we can call this a date now?’
‘Ok,’ Tony takes over. ‘Team leaders are: Wanda and Strange.’
‘Hey, Deadpool? Finding it difficult to breathe here.’
‘It’s protecting us but also making sure, if you need our skills, we can come and help,’ Scott nods.
Tony frowns. ‘Peter Benjamin Parker we need to have a
‘Tony you son of a bitch,’ Bucky laughs down the ear piece as he hears Natasha make her way down the stairs behind him. When she’s drawn level with him he thinks the smirk on her face is probably a match for his own; she takes the paper and saunters the distance between him and Ross, holding out the paper for him to take.
‘Just…’ he takes a couple of breaths to calm himself. ‘Tell me something only you would know.’ He looks up at Tony, trying not to break down as the fear that this is all an illusion again threatens to overwhelm him. Or what if it isn’t and he thinks it is and he-
‘You sure?’
As always here's your sneak peek:
(See the end of the chapter for
There’s a pause before he starts again, quieter this time. ‘I do think your best creation has to be the guy behind me though, Howard. You’d be so proud of him, even if you wouldn’t say it knowing you. He’s done so much, still does, and he does it despite being as broken as I am, just in a different way. He’s stronger than me, though, despite all the cracks. I know I’m to blame for a lot of that, taking you and Maria away from him when he was young, and I’m sorry for that too. I-’ Bucky trails off, seemingly running out of words.
A/N: Hey everyone. I'm sorry this is so much later than I intended, it's just been super crazy this past week. Thank you so much to everyone for your wonderful comments and for leaving kudos, I love you all so much! Please do let me know what you thought of these last two chapters. I will be responding to all the comments as soon as possible, I'm sorry I've been so rubbish lately!
‘Wong will be here shortly with as many of Kamar-Taj as can lend help,’ Strange adds.
‘I’ve got an idea,’ she says, and sends a small ball with images into his mind. She sees him processing the plan and then he nods.
‘Where is the Spider-kid anyway?’ Rocket asks.
‘I’m fine, Cap. Just dodging falling debris, you know the usual. Nat there’s two up top taking pot shots, want to sort it out?’
Steve makes a thoughtful noise. ‘I might get Nat to take a look into it, see if we can work out if it was Monty.’
Tony raises an eyebrow. ‘I thought he was your Captain? Aren’t you supposed to be polite about him?’
‘Hello gentlemen,’ Tony greets the squad as they enter the meeting room, he’s wearing another suit, but this time there’s no tie and his top button is undone, and Steve hadn’t realised quite how attractive he found the man until he finds himself facing him again. ‘Please take a seat,’ the inventor gestures to the chairs set around the table, ‘anyone want anything to drink?’
the Board, there’s only so much I’ll be able to do.’
can hear it.’
‘Why? What are you going to do?’ Steve asks.
‘Wade stop. Please,’ he presses a finger to his boyfriend’s mouth and, for once, the other man is quiet. ‘You don’t need to apologise for anything, I’m the one whose been acting like a real brat and was more focussed on the nagging doubts in my head instead of listening to what you were telling me. I’m sorry I’ve been pushing for something that
‘Peter! Come here!’ Wanda runs up, having discarded her shoes earlier in the evening, and drags the boy over to join her, Vision and Natasha on the dance floor. Steve can’t help the chuckle as the boy’s wide eyed expression slowly morphs into a relaxed smile as the four team mates goof around on the emptying dance floor.
‘More often than you’d probably think,’ Loki laughs.
. I don’t even care if you get Weasel to let me know from now on. I just…I thought HYDRA had got you and I couldn’t have lived with myself if-’
deserve someone like Sam in his squad. When he and Bucky are back in active service, and Steve’s back in charge of his own squad, he’s getting Sam transferred. He doesn’t care how many favours he has to call in or how many boots he has to lick.
‘Where is Ross now?’ Steve asks.
‘The rest of you,’ the doctor looks at Clint, Bucky and Drax,’ head to the back door and create havoc. If you can get to the flag brilliant, go for it. But remember your first priority is distraction.’
Thor tries to push away the stab of pain at the mention of his parents. ‘So your suggestion to stop feeling guilty about leaving you here to oversee Asgard is to get married and leave my wife to do so instead?’
Peter starts to open up about what happened when he faced Beck; Shuri finds a lead; and an old enemy rears his head.
‘Yes they do,’ Tony’s tone is firm and Bucky puts his hands up in surrender.
Sam opens his mouth to reply when there’s an ear shattering explosion from in front of them and the two cars in front, one carrying some of the team and one carrying their escort, launch into the air. Their driver slams on the breaks and Natasha just has time to shove Sam into some semblance of the brace position before their car flips over, spinning a couple of times before it comes to a rest on its roof. Behind them she hears the squeal of tyres as the other car carrying their team comes to a stop.
‘I thank you, friends, for allowing me to continue this tradition,’ he tells them again.
‘How do you think you got on the team?’ he teases, laughing at the sour look the man sends him.
‘Get in the suit and use it to move this stuff, and hurry it up. Just know one thing: you so much as scratch it and I’m using you for target practise.’
‘And because of that,’ Tony interjects, ‘I was able to find out what Obadiah was doing. In an attempt to save himself he gave us your name and everything you did to help him. Well,’ he shrugs, ‘I say
‘Don’t blame him,’ Tony waves from the kitchen area.
Peter pushes himself up from his spot on Wade’s chest to stare at his boyfriend.
why we need to do this,’ Bucky’s voice drifts up from the bottom, ‘as he’s already forgotten Peter usually does this testing out Tony’s new inventions for our agents, which means usually Peter has some form of tech to help with getting over obstacles.’ The dark-haired man gives them a grin, which covers the look he shoots Steve. ‘Sure you don’t want me to take over, Cap, obviously you’re getting senile in your old age.’
‘Why?’
Scott looks torn, but at an encouraging nod from Sam he agrees. ‘Thanks, Tony.’
‘You gone deaf with that last explosion?’ she counters.
‘Awww,’ the merc whines. ‘Why not?’
of time to process this.’
‘A knitting group from the city sent some in, and then Wade organised getting the other ones sorted,’ Natasha explains, her Black Widow one now in place.
A/N: Hi everyone! I would say sorry to leave you on a cliffhanger but I'm not really. Hope you all enjoy this chapter.
teaching him the practical aspects,’ Natasha laughs as he cuts into the soft sponge.
‘I mean,’ Betty shoots him an apologetic look, ‘it is actually quite funny now that I know, well you know…’
he cares about you, but that’s his choice.’
‘Ned this was like days ago now, can we please move on?’
‘Oh thank god,’ Bucky sighs in relief.
Wanda grins to Natasha. ‘Not tempted to join us, Pete?’
Wanda laughs. ‘Apparently so. How has your night been?’
Tony’s reply is a shrug as he takes the lid off the box. He puts a fist to his mouth, Steve assumes to keep back any noise he was about to make, and, reaching in, takes out a small handgun.
Sam looks at her for a few moments, then sighs, rubbing the back of his head and nods. ‘Alright, I’ve learned not to ignore your weird feelings. So, what do we do?’
‘Did he just call me a princess?’ Loki asks from the sofa. Thor laughs behind him.
‘You do that,’ the second one says, then turns to look around the bar and Peter ducks back down the corridor, losing sight of the conversation. ‘Now I don’t suppose you get any youngsters in here do you?’
‘I shall see you upstairs for sustenance,’ the blond says, laying a large hand on his shoulder as he stands and leaves the room. Loki tries not to think too much about their conversation as he prepares himself for the day, but a small part of him feels something dangerously like contentment as he runs the water in the shower and tests the temperature.
‘Well yeah but I never really went. No one wanted to go with the skinny kid who could barely breathe after a minute on the dancefloor. Bucky was the one who took all the girls dancing.’
‘Alright come on, we’ve still got shopping to do,’ Peter drags the trickster from the apartment.
‘Please send her in,’ T’Challa says, waving away the screen that he had just been using to speak to Fury. The attendant salutes and opens the door to admit the princess, wearing a long black cape that fans out behind her, and a set of matching black trousers and shirt; her clothes are simple and yet she manages to look regal in a way that T’Challa cannot help but envy.
‘Not yet, sir.’
‘Stephen and Christine? Yeah they had a thing a while ago but he’s not big on commitment. He’s more of a career guy. Always has been. I keep trying to get him to settle down but he’s not having any of it. Points out that if I’m not going to settle down then I can’t preach to him about it,’ Tony shrugs.
‘Why him, Tony?’ Steve asks as the microwave pings and he passes him the steaming bag. ‘I mean what made you want to keep him around at the beginning?’
A/N: Hi everyone! I hope you enjoy this update, thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos - I'm glad no one at the moment is annoyed with how long it's taken for Steve and Tony to get together. I was starting to worry it was taking too long I must admit.
They all settle down to read the opening credits of
Steve tries not to blush as he follows Tony to the kitchenette and takes two mugs out of the cupboard; he can
-Apologies. I am attempting to get a feel for your mind, and that was a particularly strong memory- there’s an edge to his voice that Bucky can’t quite place.
Anyhoo: save Tin Can, Stony actually get together and everyone seems happy. Then they work out Ross is working with HYDRA and Tin Can decides to get Fury to help him change the Accords and break the Avengers away from the UN. Oh and then Thor, Banner and Loki turn up with some Asgardians and warn everyone about Thanos. Basically then it’s just planning until Loki sends Thor and Valkyrie off to get a replacement hammer.
‘They already know he’s here and Mr Stark is happy to trust my judgement on how long he stays.’ It feels like an eternity that he and Daredevil stare each other down. ‘You got anything else to add?’
‘It’s the kind of thing you expect him to have mentioned,’ Natasha says quietly from where she’s sat on the counter next to the coffee machine.
‘Alright you lot,’ Bucky roars over the noise, ‘now it’s your turn! Get into groups of four and lets see how well you can do.’ As everyone starts to get into their groups he joins the two of them. ‘Well done, boys, got to admit I’m impressed you both made it without a dunk in the mud.’
‘It was a female only old peoples home and-’
He genuinely loses track of the time as he and Wade duck and weave and aim hits at each other, but eventually he’s so tired the only thing he can do to avoid any more hits is to launch himself to the ceiling.
‘Peter you’re going to freeze! Get back inside!’
‘Honestly? Not sure. Though Rhodey and Tony are adamant he always checked to make sure there were no children running around, so it’d be
‘Surprise?!?’
‘You turn the volume down when he’s in the workshop because the loud music hurts his ears,’ she points out. ‘And I’m not even sure he knows what band it is you’re listening to, he just likes it because it reminds him of working in the workshop with you.’
‘Remind me why I shouldn’t put you in a pocket of reality away from me again?’ Strange asks.
‘You alright?’ Sam asks next to her, and she opens her eyes to a bottle of water held up in front of her.
‘What did you just call me?’ Bucky demands.
‘Sometimes,’ he starts slowly, ‘even though I only knew him for a few days, I still wonder if something that is happening is real or if it’s one of Beck’s illusions. Somehow, he knew things that I was scared of, even though I hadn’t told him, and he made his illusions fit that. Like when I thought I’d killed you…’ he takes a deep breath, ‘one of the first ones though, it might have even been the first one he showed me, I thought it was footage from a security camera or something. It showed the team and you were all discussing a mission you had to do, but then someone said that you had to keep it from me because I’d just screw it up like I had before because I’m too young to be a superhero and to be on the team and…everyone was agreeing.’
Strange wipes the yoke from his face and frowns at Sam. ‘Never,’ he says, ‘take on a Master of the Mystic Arts in a food fight.’ His hand appears in front of Sam through a portal, picking up three eggs, then he proceeds to pelt Sam with them from different angles through different portals as the poor man does his best to dodge them.
not constant.’
Ororo just laughs and shakes her head. ‘Good luck, T’Challa, and remember you have our support should you ever need it.’
‘What happened?’ she turns to see Loki striding towards her, Jotun form slowly melting into his Asgardian one.
Tony fiddles with the repulsor as he listens to the ringing fill his workshop.
‘Oh no. He’s an arrogant arsehole. But you didn’t hear that from me.’
‘Just where do you get all of these ideas from?’ she asks, bending to pick up some more of the grenades and fitting them to the glove Tony had given her when they’d started. At the moment they have to be used with the practise glove, but he’s hoping to incorporate the design into their uniforms. At least that’s what he’s told her.
A/N: What's this? Double update. Yeah I felt like being nice. Enjoy the epilogue!
He tries to ignore the man as he pulls down part of the fence so it’s low enough for the students to climb over and get away. Helping one or two of the less acrobatic ones over.
‘Well I’ll probably still kick up a fuss with the last one and you may have to web me to a couple of buildings before I get the memo.’
‘I thought you wanted to be my sister not my mom,’ he rolls his eyes.
‘Of course,’ Thor’s all smiles as he gets everyone back to their starting positions. ‘So first we bow, and then we step backwards-’
‘There was a lot of recent and well as old scarring surrounding that particular memory,’ Vision explains. ‘Perhaps that will have sped up the process for when we try and neutralise the connections for the words themselves.’
‘You know, I might just add a feature to your suit to make you do the Macarena whenever I want, Rhodey,’ Tony muses aloud.
The team reassures Peter the evening before the trip is due to start. And a new student at schools ends up being a face from Peter's past.
Bucky sighs, head still down as he responds. ‘When I was the Winter Soldier I was lucky they never put me up against the team directly, I think they were worried it might get through the conditioning if I saw old friends. There were a couple of times another team was sent against them and I was in the background as back up; I tell you what Stevie you’d be proud of them all from what I saw from my vantage points,’ he laughs a little. ‘But then, later on, I did a couple of missions in the UK and I’d come up against this guy, dark coloured uniform that hid his face, I think he was a vigilante of some description, but he’d be able to slow me down, make me screw up. I never did find out who he was, I don’t think anyone really knew, and I never knew what name they gave him, but some of his strategies… they reminded me, now I can look back on it, of Monty’s from the war. He was a damn good shot as well-’
all of the flavours.’
Tony frowns. ‘What are you talking about?’
‘Can you read them?’ Tony asks.
That’s when he notices the sharp chunk of ice sticking from its chest. And there’s a now familiar blue skinned form standing behind it.
‘You do realise this is just going to create more arguments right?’ Sam points out. ‘Everyone’s going to want to be the one to train the kid.’
Bucky reaches out and takes his hand in his, still looking out into the room where their friends were talking. ‘If you’re trying to tell me we aren’t going to go anywhere, Loki, I already knew that.’
‘Screw you,’ Strange snaps, ‘I know my limits. And we didn’t have much of a choice. Kamar-Taj was attacked by someone we once called an ally. We may have pushed him back for now, but I’m sure he will gather more power and return in the future.’
‘You’d say anything to make Tony happy,’ Rhodes snorts. Peter tries to pout put ends up nearly losing his mouthful instead.
Sam follows, ducking out before he can either vomit or pass out, and stumbles back to his room with Peter as his crutch, with Scott following not long after.
There’s another brief pause. ‘Yes.’
Loki and Pepper share a smile as Tony tries to subtly brush away a tear. ‘You know, Peter, I send Tony a monthly update email on things and just bring him things that need his signature. How about instead I come and visit once a month and I can update you on what’s going on at the company and some new projects that have been brought to us?’
‘Flash never gets bored when it comes to you,’ his friend responds. Unfortunately he’s right.
she sighs, trying to block out their latest disagreement. About whether red is the best colour for a super-suit. Considering one of them doesn’t care much about stealth, and one doesn’t even own something that could be considered a super-suit, it’s quite possible their dumbest argument so far. And that really is saying something.
A/N: Come on guys! Did you really think I was going to kill Tony?? Also: I definitely got guilt tripped into posting this early because apparently I've upset people too much.
‘I’m at one entrance and you’re at the other,’ Vision replies.
‘I can hear you sniggering, Bucky,’ Tony grumbles.
‘No I already know who it is, and I’ve already sent orders for them to be detained. Nat’s going to have a lot of fun getting to the bottom of things with them,’ he pauses to take in Hammer’s appearance. ‘It seems Clint had all the fun with you before she got a chance.’
‘Why does the Spiderling not climb through the ventilation system to retrieve the flag whilst we distract them?’ Thor suggests.
‘Exactly that!’ Peter says, latching onto Steve’s attempt to save him like a drowning man. ‘Yeah, nothing serious at all, Wanda’s just getting over excited about nothing.’
‘Feelings mutual,’ the Winter Soldier growls in retaliation.
Tony puts a hand to his chest in mock offense. ‘Agent Romanoff it’s as if you don’t trust me.’
wall and told them to stop. There were a couple of arm wrestles including Wade, Thor, Bucky and Valkyrie, and Steve joined in towards the end, but Thor still came away the victor.
‘Oh man that’s better,’ the helmet stays down so Clint can see the look of relief on his face when his lower body gets the support it needs. ‘Hey Clint? Thanks man.’
‘Drax you didn’t have to knock me so hard did you? My arm’s
Valkyrie nearly stabs him when he catches her on their return to the common area, and Natasha manages a slap before he darts out of reach. Strange shoves him through a portal which sends him to the other side of the compound when he catches him by the breakfast bar.
‘Well, that went well,’ Strange sighs as they return to the battle lines.
Rhodes sighs and looks at Steve. ‘I know she’s as worried as the rest of us, but she’s not going to helping him by keeping him bored.’
‘Hey I asked you to listen didn’t I? Just let me finish. Please?’ when there is no move made to argue he takes a deep breath and carries on. ‘I also want to say sorry, Tony. Starting with how I didn’t give you the opportunity to prove what you’re really worth when we first met and for being a jackass to you. I guess I was just lashing out because everything was so new and you reminded me in so many ways of Howard and yet you’re so different from him. It was like everything I was feeling about being in this time was wrapped up in you and I took it out on you.’
‘Hey honey,’ Steve says, closing the door softly behind him.
‘Let’s go get our friend, shall we? We’ll leave Wilson here to think about what he’s done,’ Francis cackles.
He tries to take in a breath, but it feels like there’s something pressing down on his lungs. It’s a horribly, hauntingly familiar feeling. Trying to move his arms he finds they’re tied to the bedrail, but he’s able to raise his head enough to look down at his chest.
Love always,
‘I see,’ Loki says, and Bucky feels the mental barrier between them strengthen and tries not to visibly wince. ‘I suppose you will want to do so first thing in the morning.’
‘Deadpool?’ Steve asks, Rhodes comes in and says a brief hello, heading towards the coffee machine.
‘I…panicked?’
‘Hey guys, mind if I stay with you on this trip? I’m getting a bit fed up of Flash’s comments,’ she admits, with a shy smile at Ned.
‘Sounds to me like you just aren’t trying hard enough, Stark,’ Ross sneers.
‘It’s supposed to be,’ the woman who is left there says, sounding rather harassed, ‘but the performers double booked and they aren’t coming.’ She sighs and looks over at a group of elderly people all sitting in wheelchairs, some younger people stood around the edges of the group. ‘Sorry it’s just, we’re from a nursing home and we make this trip every year so the residents get to see some carols and get to see the city all lit up. It’s one of our traditions and now I’m just not entirely sure what to do.’
The rest of the team are eager to meet one of the few family members any of the team has left, and Mama Rhodes finds herself at the centre of attention of the Avengers, all of them wanting to make her comfortable and asking all about her.
‘Praying I’ll make it there alive,’ comes the muttered response.
Scott and Hope had arrived with Sam just in time for lunch and the team were now all chipping in to getting lunch prepared and the table set while they made plans for the afternoon.
‘So…’ he trails off, looking unsure.
break from this series to try out some of the other things that are bouncing round my head and clamouring for attention. For one thing I feel like my writing in this series is beginning to get a little stale, and I don’t want quantity to override quality because that isn’t fair to you as my wonderful readers, and I think doing a few things outside of the series will help with that. For another I’ve kind of got to replan a chunk of where this series is going following some requests and comments from you wonderful readers, and I don’t want to go ahead and do it without working out what’s happening first; again I don’t want the quality to go down.
‘What happened?’ Peter asks, heading towards the bread bin to make himself some toast.
Clint freezes in front of her, his face going tight. ‘What? How?’
‘Oh yeah. Maybe just semi-retirement then.’
‘Tony? Tony!’ Steve’s voice finally snaps him back. That and Clint shaking his shoulders.
‘Nice catch,’ Bucky comments as Peter catches a car before it hits a bus. ‘Can see why you think he’d be useful.’
‘Of course, it’s much more-’
Peter shrugs. ‘The team likes to talk about old missions and stuff, so it’s just a case of listening. Plus Vision has some really interesting insights on the Ultron incident, you should talk to him about it if you’re interested in Ultron actually, I mean I’ve stayed up till like three in the morning talking to him about it. It’s so interesting.’
Without seeing where he’s going or what he’s doing he pushes away from the mercenary. Somehow he makes it outside and finds a rooftop to curl up on, hugging his knees to his chest.
she thinks,
‘All the kids at school,’ he replies, big brown eyes wide, ‘and all the teachers.’
‘Me?’ she demands.
Hurrying to the door she pauses, checking the corridor again, before easing it open enough to get a look inside. Only three workers. Good. She twists the function on her glove, then sends one of the new nanobots Tony had installed into it before they left to the ground, using the control pad on the palm of her glove to navigate it through the crack in the door and under the chairs of the three workers. Once it’s in place she presses the activation sequence and the nanobot releases its stun gas.
exactly. I was thinking more
‘Sam and I’ll go get the brief,’ Natasha says, ‘you guys clean up and get ready. We’ll meet you in the common area in twenty.’
Peter scratches the back of his head. ‘I may have picked it up from Mr Stark; he has a habit of throwing off suspicion that he’s not been listening by pretending to have been thinking about something related.’
‘Certainly, boss.’
‘Just shut up and listen, Buck,’ Steve whispers.
much better than I used to be.’
Stay safe and love always,
‘Today,’ one of the other lawyers answers as they join the group, ‘is going to be a reading of all the charges and opening arguments from both sides.’
‘Indeed,’ Strange agrees, ‘the Reality and the Power Stones.’
Peter waits until one or two get past Iron Man and he starts webbing up the helicopter’s rotor blades, effectively grounding the one. He’s about to pull the same stunt on the second when Tony comes flying past and takes care of it.
‘Fine by me,’ he manages to force past his abused throat.
‘Ok firstly we need to stop with Mr Wilson, alright? I’m Sam.’
Steve hasn’t spoken much with the man himself since that initial phone call, and he can’t help but feel a little hurt. It’s almost as if Tony doesn’t
He’s asleep before FRIDAY can relay Wanda’s response.
‘Why you looking at me?’ the dark haired man asks.
‘Sorry.’
‘I’ll visit them when we’ve agreed on things,’ Nick nods, fixing the teen with one of his infamous one-eyed stares. ‘And I think I might know anyway, but who are you young man?’
Tony has had the occasional message from them, to say thank you for getting them home and to let them know if he needed anything. But under the rules of the agreement they can’t have too much contact.
‘Yeah and if my big reveal comes from you getting my phone confiscated during class you are so dead,’ he mutters, but passes his phone to his friend anyway. It’s only small things like this that has Ned feeling really involved with his alter-ego so he can’t really begrudge him reading a text for what must be the fiftieth time.
They don’t say anything else as they continue to move around the outside area, and thankfully no one comes out to disturb them. As the song continues, Steve notices they draw slowly closer together until Tony’s head is resting on his chest, and Steve’s arm is wrapped around his waist. When the song changes they stop moving, but neither moves away. Tony doesn’t move his head from where it’s resting against his chest, looking to one side.
‘Wanda!’ Steve shouts. She’s now glowing in scarlet light, her expression dangerous as her magic seeps out into the rest of the facility.
‘But we’ve still got them,’ Steve tells him with his full Captain voice. ‘Wanda and Vision need extraction,’ he says into his comms, then turns back to the fight and runs to help.
‘I arrived when he was facing Francis,’ Bucky replies before Wade can open his mouth, ‘he knows about Wade and Pete, so I was going to help Wade take him out with a shot. Bastard decided to bring the warehouse down around us instead.’ He keeps the fact Wade gave up on catching Francis to save his life to himself. A promise is a promise.
The red clad mercenary’s shoulders slump and he shrugs. ‘I get it.’
‘I won’t be able to heal you if they try to put the conditioning back though,’ she whispers, tears falling down her face. ‘I’m useless to you.’
‘Then whose are they?’ Sam demands.
‘So?’ Tony nudges the teenager at his side, grinning at the boy’s uncomfortable look. ‘Do we get to hear about it?’
‘You seriously going to ask me that and expect an answer?’
‘About time,’ he grumbles. ‘Stay out of sight and get the bomb vest off the kid. I’ll keep attention on me as long as possible.’
Tony asks for help from the team, and Peter has an interesting week.
‘Hey Sam, on your left!’ he shouts. The man takes the bait and looks back just as Steve swipes the ball from his feet.
‘What did you do?’ Wanda glares at Bucky.
. Is that…is that alright?’
Peter’s eyes go wide and he scrambles out of Wade’s arms and out the door. ‘Bye Wade see you later!’
‘Steve? You alright? You know I’m only joking right? I mean I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, I’m not going to push if you don’t-’
She shakes her head, putting her spoon back in the now half-empty tub. ‘Thanks for this, Pete,’ she says quietly. ‘I haven’t really had anyone to do this with since Piotr…’
‘Love you too,’ he says after a very brief pause. It takes every ounce of strength Tony possess to turn around and walk down the stairs.
Love always,
‘We were down the corridor but I could still hear what was said,’ he tries to keep his tone calm, though everything about the mercenary is screaming defensive. ‘Who is he, Wade?’
‘What?’ the shock at that statement evens out his breathing.
Tony doesn’t meet his eyes when he replies. ‘I made it for me.’ The tone of his voice stops Bucky from pressing. ‘It was made before… well everything kicked off with the original Accords; I just tweaked it to help you.’
All he gets is a weak smile from Loki in response. ‘We should get moving. If the Jotuns were near us they may make their way out of the rubble soon.’
‘Any luck on getting through EDITH?’ Tony asks, trying not to panic as he sees the drones aiming towards the bridge.
‘Sounds good,’ Bruce agrees with a smile, letting the inventor pull him up and help him back towards the compound.
‘She’s been like a second mother to me,’ he replies, leaning against his boyfriend. ‘I’m glad Rhodey convinced her to come. She’s going to do enough mothering of this team to get us through the next year.’
‘You know I’d do anything for you Baby Boy.’
‘Peter?’ Loki suggests.
‘Who would have thought that was possible?’ Steve teases.
‘Oh Vis…’ Wanda sniffs, then smiles and nods. ‘Yes. Yes I will.’
‘No, he’s always like this,’ Peter sighs, the trickster comes to stand next to him as they watch Wade cut down the last few enemies with his katana. The constant commentary something Peter now just blocks out.
?!?’ Peter’s head swivels to look at them both, obviously his sensitive hearing as picked up their conversation. ‘You’re not serious, you don’t know- Wanda! Why would you do that?’
‘Cool! Dog pile!’ Wade jumps on top of the other two, grabbing hold of Bucky’s metal arm. ‘I got his arm! Get him Sam!’
‘Wade put me down!’ Peter protests as the laughing mercenary carries him out of the room. ‘Wade!’
‘I still don’t see why we have to invite Dumbledore.’
‘I still don’t see why you don’t just stay here tomorrow,’ Sam says as they settle down for the movie.
he can feel Bucky’s panic through the link.
As he turns back to ask Vision a question another portrait catches his eyes. Peggy’s portrait. It’s the same one he saw in the bunker when he and Natasha found Zola in his weird computer. He walks closer, swallowing past the lump in his throat to read the plaque.
The guard looks at the pass then his eyes widen. ‘Mr Parker? I’m sorry I didn’t realise…I hadn’t been told your school was arriving today sir-’
The assassin already has a gun in her hand. ‘You go get the others I’ll cover you.’
What the fuck am I supposed to do now?
‘Don’t encourage him!’ several members of the team shout in unison.
‘Some of us actually have work we need to do, Barnes,’ he retorts. ‘Otherwise the rest of you don’t have your bills paid. As soon as I’m done I’ll get in there and kick your arse.’
the rules put in around his recovery. All for him. His shoulders slump as he registers Steve’s last words.
Steve comes next to him, putting an arm around his waist and replacing the picture on the piano. ‘Why was it so lonely here?’ he asks. ‘I thought you and Rhodey grew up together?’
‘Oh no you don’t,’ Tony grumbles, pulling himself more upright to follow the soldier down the bed.
‘Why didn’t anyone tell me?’ the archer asks.
Steve chuckles again and he can’t get enough of that sound, and the way his eyes light up when he does. Though Tony’s favourite thing about Steve, which doesn’t come out very often, is the mischievous grin he gets when someone has convinced him to play a joke on someone. Usually Peter’s convinced him to play one on Bucky.
Love always,
‘You are a master of the mystic arts, there are other ways to repair things,’ the man counters.
‘It’s true, Sergeant Barnes,’ Peter pipes up, voice cracking a little as he looks down at his hands, not able to bring himself to look at the man.
‘Mr Stark?’ he can hear the tears in the teenager’s voice, then his brown head is in his vision. ‘Mr Stark why did you do that?’
Steve sighs as Natasha nods her agreement. ‘Alright, but do me a favour and wait until the following morning to leave? So, you can all head over on a good night’s sleep.’
‘Yeah, I mean, why wouldn’t I be?’
‘No, see with a car accident I could have. Dad and I are technological geniuses remember? All these years of ‘If only I’d checked the car before they went’ I now know is irrelevant. I mean, yeah Dad was a prick, but Mom didn’t deserve it.’
‘Rhodey! Got you a suit coming in a few minutes. Think you’ll be alright till then?’ he yells across the café.
‘Alright shut up,’ Natasha says, standing up from where she’s been monitoring the information their bugs have been sending back to them in the jet. ‘We’re ready to move.’
‘Who is Agatha?’ Natasha asks, coming to crouch next to them.
Rhodes nods, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. ‘It was something we all agreed on, Pep. We thought it would be the best option and safest for the whole team.’
‘Loki-’
Tony casts a look around to make sure none of the team are within earshot. ‘I don’t want any of them knowing just yet, Pepper. They’ll all have something to say about it and will argue they don’t need it. It’s not about that though, it’s about-’
It turns out it is not as easy as it sounds. In fact Loki had had several tantrums as he failed many times to create an ice extension that could withstand any amount of force. The only positive had been that, during the many tantrums, he had created blocks of ice in his anger, which they had then been able to build on until he had more control.
‘You will pay for their lives with yours,’ she spits in response. ‘Thanos will have your stones.’
‘Good man!’ Tony winks at him, then laughs at Steve’s expression. ‘Oh come on, Cap. You’re the one that’s telling us we need to improve our teamwork, just look at this as an example of that teamwork coming into play.’
‘I can’t see Tony,’ Rhodes’ voice comes over the system. ‘Nor Pete… wait! He’s by the one helicopter! He’s not moving.’
‘That’s what got you into the little spider’s pants is it?’
‘I love you too.’
‘Just as long as we don’t have to spend an afternoon in the medical wing,’ she laughs and follows him out the door and to the training room, taking one of the boxes from him as she does.
Also there's a surprise for you this week: double update! No particular reason, just fancied it.
Tony really wishes he could believe Steve. But he can hear the crack of Vanko’s whips in his ears, and Hammer’s gleeful laugh when Peter had walked into the room.
‘That’s his information to give,’ Tony cuts across everyone else. ‘I’ll pick him up from school on Friday and bring him up here. And play nice please people.’ He looks at Bucky as he says the last part.
‘Peter?’ Tony places a gentle hand on his arm. ‘What’s up?’
Love always,
‘Agreed,’ Strange nods.
‘Wade,’ Peter rolls his eyes, ‘stop being a drama queen.’
‘Wrong suit dumbass! That’s his old one,’ I yell at both the imposter and Francis. ‘This isn’t Spider-Man.’
‘I’m not in the mood to be entertaining guests, Barnes,’ he says, turning back to the schematics floating in front of him. Bucky doesn’t reply and Tony dares to hope the man might leave him alone. He continues to work on the arm, trying to block out the thoughts that are threatening to overwhelm him.
alright ! so sorry again this was dELAYED . now tony's actually making moves to give himself distance but will it last long ! who knows haha ! thank you for all your kudos , comments , and bookmarks . they mean the world ! thank you for reading this story , i appreciate !
“An old charmer you are,” Sharon laughs and they share a kiss.
“Of course. I’m a philanthropist in the making, after all. Hey!” Tony slams his thumbs hard on the buttons of his video game controller. He watches helplessly as Rhodey’s character finishes a fatal blow. Utterly eradicating Tony’s character in delightful bloodshed. “You cheated! You waited till I was emotionally compromised and attacked!”
