Makris was still talking.  “You must capture it, but not kill it.  He has designs that you should sacrifice it to him, tomorrow.”
Steve jumped up, grabbing their empty bowls and heading over to the sink to put them to soak.
Tony huffed.  “‘Corse I did.  How do we get him to shut up?”
“Just like old times.”
“What time is it?” Steve asked Natasha blearily as she steered him through the maze of carts and hallways, and into the appropriate elevator.  Three months ago, and Steve would have been sitting vigil in the pediatric wing.  He had hated all children’s hospitals they’d made him visit, with their overt cheeriness trying to cover up the scent of dying children.  Smiley faces and rainbows and cancer.  At least in the adult wings, the mood was more somber, and in tune with people’s actual moods.
Steve managed a laugh.  “I thought it would be good, y’know?  Thought that a place like this would be good for me.  I can’t stand going to my
, Tony.  The people were happy, yes.  But they were dumb.  Kept in ignorance.  There was no pursuit of knowledge because they had no need for it.  Kronos knew nothing of justice.  The people were happy but kept in subjugation.  The men of the Silver Age were rightfully destroyed.  Perhaps the Gods look more fondly on us of the Bronze Age.  We have wars, we have pain, but we are free in the ways the inhabitants of the Golden Age could not comprehend.  I wouldn’t trade my free thought for their bounty.  Would you?”
“When I went under, the world was at war.  I woke up and they say we won.  They didn’t say what we lost.”
“But – he always said you two were friends.”
Tony very carefully approached him, and plonked down in the seat next to Steve.  He put an arm around his shoulders, and Steve buried his face in Tony’s shoulder without resistance.
“Alright, I’ll buy that.  Why was I such a different case?”
Steve stood above Tony, absolutely drenched.  He would be lying if he said he didn’t notice the way the rivulets flowed down Steve’s thighs and individual beads glittered at his throat.  With the rippling light illuminating him from below, Tony thought of a cult statue, come to life, smiling indulgently and reaching down to pull him up.
Steve couldn’t believe that he was actually here.  Here, at Camp Leigh.  An Army training camp.  He had been internally celebrating with Peter and Maria since Erskine had offered his “chance”.  The twins had assured him this was how he got in the Army, this was how he got in the War, this “chance” would change everything.
“Stop trying to kill the pigeons,” Tony ordered as he stepped off the platform when the last of the armor was removed and stared for the door, tamping down on the spike of pleasure that came whenever the idea of Steve came up.
It feels good, for a millisecond, because the sparking pieces of the screen remind him of the slivers of shattered glass rolling around in the cavity where his heart used to reside.
It helps.
, the teenager who has somehow become both a leader in several industries and a superhero in the time it takes most to get really good SAT scores.
“Will you have kids?  Do they speak to you?”  She looked shocked for the first time since Tony had met here.  “You don’t have to answer, it’s just, no one ever wants to talk about them.  I don’t understand how people can be so . . .
He turned to Natasha, primly perched on the stone wall.  She held a finger to her lips, and pulled a small bag and slingshot from the folds of her dress.  Inside the bag were dried olive pits.  “
I figured out the hover boxes and updated everything!  In you're on your computer, hover over an italicized word for a definition.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work on mobile.  Take your complaints to ao3.
The room was filled by the time Tony and Rhodey entered, Tony still filthy and sweaty and clutching the bag holding Vanko’s head.  The men cheered, pulling him in and hammering on the armor, all of them asking questions at the same time, making it nothing more than a hum like bees.
Eventually, they were all squashed together at the table, Tony stuck between Steve and Clint.  It should have been gross, with tiny bits of pancake flying out of people’s (read: Clint’s) mouths, but everyone was in such a good mood, Tony didn’t really care.  They were going to set up for a cookout that would start later in the afternoon, but aside from that it was just a lazy day.  Bucky was complaining bitterly over the fact that they couldn’t get drunk today (just in case they needed to respond to some idiot setting off a stray illegal firework that might burn down the forest), but everyone just ignored him.
He shot one, two, three rounds. They bounced harmlessly against the chest plate. Tony glanced down as the bullets clattered to the floor. He lunged forward, grabbing the pistol and crumpling it like paper. “What the hell were you after in that vault?”
They scrambled back into action, helping him settle into the Stark Special, strapping him in and performing any last minute tasks he needed, handing him a rag to wipe the lipstick from his face, allowing him to clear his head from the distraction Lorraine has caused. She was nice enough, but she was one of the more determined ones after his ring. He wasn’t opposed to marriage
“I got you, Tony,” Steve grunted, not breaking Tony’s gaze.  “I got you.”  He began to kiss anything he could reach, Tony’s lips, chin, beard, cheeks, ear, eyelid.
“Understandable.”
Natasha glanced at him.  “Not if you don’t want to.  They’re false sentiment.  Some people just feel better when they buy something.  Makes them feel less useless.”
It was such a different vision of Steve from the legends Tony was used to hearing.  Over and over, he was astounded by just how natural Steve seemed.  Nothing about him was kingly aside from his stature and his looks, though those could maybe be called godly.  Yet he maintained an aura of nobility.  Not like those of the upper crust, but it seemed to be in his very bones that he was kind, and gracious, and brave, and unyielding.
“Aye, aye, Captain.”
“I'm sorry, Nick.”  He slid the blue prints around, blood boiling.  “What were you lying?”
“Come on.  Bed.”  Tony made an interested noise.  “You’re going to fuck up your shoulder again.”
Steve shook his head, sprinkling everyone with beads of water.  “You know, Naus, you could come for a visit.  You’re still welcome in the palace.”  The girl, Naus, huffed and crossed her arms.  Steve shot her a brotherly wink.  “Tony, may I introduce you to Nausikaa, daughter of King Alkinoos.  Naus, this is Antinous of Athens, son of King Hoples.”
He doesn’t mind.
“Put on the suit, let's go a few rounds.”
“Tony, listen to me.”  Steve’s voice was soft, but firm and filled with conviction.  “I don’t
“I’d rather not,” Pepper chimed.  “It’s not in my approved palate.  Okay, one for special occasions,” she consented to Tony’s pout, accepting the entire package, and striding to the kitchen to fetch the scissors.
Steve deftly carried the pile over to the bed and laid it down, sorting towels and pillow cases and sheets into their respective piles.  “Well, we’re not going cold tonight.  Did the kids finish their baths?”
Stark was getting warmed up.  “Yeah.  That's just previews, this is...this is opening night.  And Loki, he's a full-tail diva.  He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered-“
?” Tony gagged, trying to ineffectually scrape his tongue.
He thought she was going to deflect, but she said slowly “I will have a daughter.  Some day.  Not for many years, but some day.”
He pretends, that it’s not just adrenaline, that Steve staring into his eyes as he pounds in is Steve making sure
The water in the shower is lukewarm and gritty with sand.  It reminds him of the public showers on Cape Cod, and they both make him wonder if he will ever be clean.
since you left.”
“Greetings,” Clint pitched his voice lower and adopted an Athenian accent, “my name is Stephanos, but you can call me Steve because I fuckin’
He shook himself and turned back to the dinner conversation.
“Happy Day After Valentine’s Day?”
He found himself blurting.
“Calm down, Steve.  You two needed to get together already.  So what if we had a friendly wager on it,” Natasha smiled like the Cheshire Cat, “you’re together.  The end goal has been achieved.”
Imagining Tony wearing dark blue, outlined in white.  Steve shuttered and made a note to try drawing Tony in blue colored pencil.  He put the album under his arm and stepped into the elevator.
What dragons
But he hadn’t come in a week, so when Tony brought the hand holding the collection cup up to rub a thumb along the slit at the same time as he gently slid his pinkie finger into the tight ring of muscle, combined with the delicious pressure on this balls, he went off, spiraling into a galaxy that was alight with electronic blues and whiskey-tinted eyes, burnt metal and motor oil, and set alight the churning coals that burned hotly for Tony every second.
“Tony!” For a moment, she looked relieved, but soon enough it was replaced by annoyance. “So you
Beneath the mask, Zemo appears to be smiling. He fingers a small black remote in his palm.  “I must say, it is tempting . . . . “
is making me soup.”
“You idiot,” Tony growled, pulling a laughing Steve into a kiss.  The ring was just a simple rounded off band of yellow gold.  Tony never would have picked it for himself, but seeing the way it glowed gently against his skin, he could tell Steve had spent hours trying to match the warm gold with Tony’s skin.
“And sex . . . Tony, we’re not always going to be up for it.  We live very stressful lives, we get hurt, sometimes we’re apart for weeks at a time.  When we first got together, all I wanted was to fuck you silly when I got home, but now . . . I miss you, not the sex.  I wanna cuddle you and hear you run your mouth.  I like sex, but I love you.  Make sense?”
Steve wants to scream, shut off the recording, run away, to not have to listen anymore. But he does have to listen. He gave Tony his word.
Steve scowls down at the compound. “I don’t like this.”
Steve let out a shaky breath.  “Only the best for you.”
It was unreal seeing Steve like this, haunted and defeated. Steve was . . . not solid, not yet. He was even-keeled, and had the potential to be solid. Something was holding him back, a combination of the past and whatever disappointment he felt in himself for not doing what he felt he should. But it was plain
There had been offers to upgrade as years had passed, but Tony preferred to keep the one year token.
“Got it, Cap.”
“Sure,” Steve settled into one of the couches in the media room.  He didn’t know why there was a separate media room, not when there were cinema-grade screens in pretty much everywhere, but here was the record player, and piles of albums that they had already listened to on the floor.
Nat just shushed him.
He was impressed, and honestly a little flattered.  She was obviously the perceptive one of the group, and she hadn’t written him off completely.  “It’s something else, then.”
“Did you get donuts without us?  You bitches,” Tony yelped, his ironclad grip preventing Steve from moving away from his tight embrace.
“Why not?” Tony asked.  “There was no suffering.  Who wouldn’t want that?”
Where the hell was he?
“Ugh.  Nat, you know how people work.  And I – ugh.  I can’t do this.”
All he wanted, in that moment, was Tony next to him.
“I never said that.”
came through the voice modulator.  And Steve was left to follow best he could, trying to see through the armor that had been designed to be impenetrable.
and she’d drunk enough to down a bull elephant), managed to get back to the villa, and dumped the drunkards into their beds.  He reveled in it as Steve went through his tender way of stretching Tony out, and the gentle lovemaking that followed.  He was filled with wonder as he stared at Steve’s sleeping face, the idea that he would wake up to that face for the rest of his life.
Steve sighs and strolls around the table, manipulating the map so it turns into a 3-D hologram of the globe. Irregular green shapes overlapping with and surrounded by red triangular markers are scattered across the planet.  “A bunch of intel was uncovered after a raid on one of Zemo’s hideouts.  He’s researching something.  He doesn’t know much, or at least didn’t record much.  But the red markings have dates and data files attached – “ Steve taps a few, bringing up news reports and blurry night sky images “ – which are about UFO, meteorite, et cetera sightings.  Our best guess is that he was trying to place and track down whatever caused the abnormalities.”
Blearily, he thought
The man who had been breaking into the vault before Steve and Happy had intervened ducked just as a bullet rocketed into the metal door of the vault an inch for where the man’s hand once was, and Tony was able to see his face. He felt the momentary pang of betrayal: Professor Shapanka, one Tony’s most trusted scientists, a genius in the field of cryogenics. He’d just returned from a prolonged contract for a top-secret military project, the details of which Tony hadn’t even been trusted with.
the heart.  I may run this team, but you’re the center.  You may be softer than the rest of us, but you’re the only one who’s human, fully.  We circle around you.  You’re – you’re
After the four-hour “Captain Tour Guide” show was over, Steve and Tony headed back to the Rookwood Parlor.  Steve consented to being photographed with the museum management (“At least you’ll let me wear my civvies.”), and graciously signed the old photo they had pulled out of the frame.
He followed the trail of security guards back down into the basement labyrinth, this time through the public access stairs. Happy was leaning against the wall, glowering, as Steve helped the guards secure Shapanka. Happy was the first to notice him.
lower down his hips, revealing the line of juncture of his hip and more of that mouth-watering dark, soft hair covering his lower abs.  The arc reactor took pride of place, painting Tony glowing blue in the long evening shadows crossing the room.
But it didn’t sound like his mother.  Or Pepper.
Maria admonished.
Clint glanced nervously over at Bruce, who shrugged with a grin.
“He’s a nasty piece of work.”
Fury probably wasn’t going to give up, so he moved over to his bag to unwrap his hands.
Not for your head.  A brain isn’t something you can
“I don’t wanna see this on your MySpace page.”  The solider just grinned and put an arm around Tony’s shoulders as he held up two fingers.  “No gang signs.  No, I’m kidding, throw it up.  Yeah, peace.  I love peace.  I’d be out of a job with peace.”
He doesn't have anything worth crying over.
“You're tiptoeing, big man.  You need to strut.”  He snagged his smuggled blueberries.
“Tony,” he whimpered around his bloody finger.
“I don’t think my
“Wait six months,” Clint advised.
“Ugh.”
She nodded once, relief palpable as she slid out from the people pile, only stopping to pluck a gauzy dress indiscriminately from the clothing strewn about the room, before sliding out the door silently as a shade or spirit.
,” the boy whined.  “He got in
By way of answer, Steve lifted Tony once again and carried him to the bed.  He gently lowered a laughing Tony onto the pale blue sheets, keeping himself pressed against him as they moved once again to each other's mouths.
Tony had haggled with Steve in the past about staying in the Camp Nelson Lodge, literally the only place in the town that wasn’t a private home, but it was owned by a pretty . . .
“I guess we don’t need to get his stomach pumped, then.”
“Boss, I don’t care. You know I don’t care about, you know,
“Steve?” Tony looked at him for a long moment; Steve was still staring at the front of Tony’s sweatshirt.  “Oh.
He foregoes the sweatshirt Steve had brought in favor of forming a second, drier, blanket cocoon. The heat in the room has notched up a few degrees, but he burrows in deep, obscuring everything save his eyes and nose.
Steve stiffened, then rubbed his palms together unconsciously, like a phantom cold had overtaken him. “Yeah. He was involved in the . . . erm, testing that had my . . . program shut down.”
you want alcohol?”
“Well,” Tony murmured, quiet because he wanted Steve to stay close.  “You are immortal.  The muses will sing your songs forever.  The greatest heroes never die.  Not so long as the living remember them.”
“It’s just-“ Steve spit out his toothpaste.  “I don’t have a problem with it-“
Steve took a shaky breath.  “I’ll try.”
Now he is here, Akim at the wheel as he shows Tony the most reliable, not fastest, route through the valleys. It had been a condition for his employment.
Tony pushed forward, wrapping Steve’s arms around himself, snuggling deep into Steve’s grip, and Steve hummed and pulled him closer.
, yerr a li’l asshole ‘o always looks like yerr ‘bout ta
It wasn’t like the soft, sweet first kisses they advertised.
And there was.
, which might be odd to say of a bodyguard, but it was more difficult pretending it wasn’t true. Steve inspired Tony, and while he might not admit it aloud, he knew it intrinsically. Steve had a way of keeping Tony on track, if that was the way to put it, keeping Tony focused on what was real, what was important, what he needed to be doing. Steve would stand there and tell Tony he believed in him, and would remind him that Tony needed to be working on those problems only he could solve.
As always Tony had to physically restrain himself from smashing the
“The game.  It’s from May 1941.  I know, cause I was there.”
“In case you needed to kill me, but you can't!  I know, I tried.”  Silence. “I got low, I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out.  So I moved on, I focused on helping other people.  I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk.  You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff?  You wanna know how I stay calm?”
Tony hitched the leather strap with his small jar higher on his shoulder.  “Not much.  I’m sorry; Howard didn’t give me any time to breathe before he put me on my ship here.  I would have done more research.  But this is where Odysseus landed after his exile, right?”
“Yes Tony, nail polish,” Steve responded, because now Tony had the inspired gleam in his eye that most always had him running off to the workshop, no matter how close to sex they were.
Tony was not just any Greek.  He was an
“Didn’t even drink the milk at breakfast,” Tony muttered into his jar.
One of the nurses had some dental floss in her purse, so now Clint and Thor were trying to figure out how large to cut the slices with half the nursing staff milling about.
Stern, the smug asshole, decided to cut in.  “Captain, we’re not implying Stark’s genius, we’re simply saying that, at his age-“
His vocal cords seem to be tied in a knot.  “I might have helped you more with your search for him.”
He takes his time to mull it over.  There’s no reason to rush.  If Steve really wants to see him, he’ll wait.
, Tony? Did you use the ‘secret’ staircase to ‘get away’?”
Chasing the scent of Steve on the sheets, Tony fell asleep for the first time in a week.
“Would have loved to have Steve polish, but it had to be the Captain.”  Tony sounded sorry as he handed him the package, showing a woman wearing a cut-off version of the suit that he had seen similar versions of around Halloween.  He did appreciate how they had set the model’s fake blond hair in victory curls, though.
“You’re too young to understand this right now, so I thought I would put it on film for you.  I built this for you.  And someday, you’ll realize it represents a whole lot more than just people’s inventions.   I represent’s my life’s work.  This is the key to the future.  I’m limited by the technology of my time, but one day you’ll figure this out.  And when you do, you’ll change the world.  What is and always will be, my greatest creation, is you.”
“You have no idea what you are dealing with.”
“And the name Cincinnati.  It’s weird, yeah?  It comes from Latin.  A farmer, retired general, who was needed to lead the Romans to battle.  Cincinnatus was declared dictator, and led the army to victory.  Then he renounced his title and went back to the field.  When they make sculptures of George Washington in Classical dress, they almost always equate him with Cincinnatus.  He was a member of the Society of Cincinnati.  People who stepped up when their country need them, but afterwards went home.”
“Well,” Ilya says after a while, passing the tablet back. “I appears the only things they were able to discern were our physiology and whereabouts.”  He looks ill.
“See what?  A drunkard playing at pathetic hero.”  He turned away, back to the familiar swirling depths of the wine.
These were the kind of conversations that had dominated his life the past nine years.  Once parents met, your children could tell you so much more about your family life in the future.  Steve had always been curious as to why his children had been especially cryptic, but considering he thought they would be born to a strong, tiny brunette in the early fifties, it was a lot to get used to.  Instead they were going to be born to a strong, tiny brunet in the early 2020’s.
“The guy's not wrong about Loki.  He does have the jump on us.”
“A nuclear deterrent, cause that always calms everything right down.”
And if Steve
Thor let out a great booming laugh, filled with condescension.  “You people are so petty.  And tiny.”
“Save it.  Loki’s gonna keep this fight focused on us and that’s what we need.  Without him these things could run wild.  We got Stark up top, he’s gonna need us to-“
Okay, shortish update.  It'll get good next chapter, I promise . . . . *masturbation*  Who said that?
Steve met his eyes across the hall and whispered into the fountain.
“Eight o’clock on the dot.  Don’t you dare be late.  Understood?”
But he still gets to
“Why?” Steve asked through a nose full of snot.  “He’s dead.”
Tony reveled in it for a moment.  Then decide to investigate why he was warm.
, saw Steve’s transcripts from that year of art school, knew every little detail he could get his hands on because, hello, Daddy Dear lauds this specimen of masculinity, and Tony only ever was noticed in his shortcomings.  (So what if he had a massive want of the icon praising him for
Wait.  Gorgeous?
“And what do you know of Athens?” Tony spat, unexpected to himself.
“Cap, need the lever.”
But that wasn't a good idea to be entertaining in the middle of a crowded boardroom.
that rested on its ornamental pillar next to the door to his mother’s quarters.  The jar had been a gift from the women of the palace upon his parents’ wedding, and had been used to hold the water that ritually cleaned his mother for her new home.  There was a beautiful illustration of the wedding of Zeus and Hera on the front, depicting the moment Gaia gifted Hera with the Tree of the Golden Apples of Immortality.  Tony had always found it an ironic choice.  Celebrating immortality with her death-sentence.
He tried to hide it, but Steve was obviously pleased.  “As much as it means to me, I don’t want to cause issues with your company.   But can we get rid of all the clauses about fitness and sex and vacations?  And I don’t want your company.  I want
would never let him feel like he is someone unworthy of love and affection.
He had been to the country, but even the country was loud in ways.  Braying animals, cicada song, hooting owls, the rush of wind.  But visiting the country left him tired, and his only thought at night was rest.  This was to be his home, with the hot night wind and the distant beat of waves on the shore, the creak and groan of a tired race.  There was nothing going on to preoccupy him.  And in the blue light of the moon, Tony was left to ponder.
“Rhodey –“ Natasha’s voice was full of warning, but Rhodey had already pulled into the gas station.  He pulled into a spot and cut the engine.  “I’m gettin’ a slushie.  Want one?”
They crash together again, harsher, all that pain and longing manifest.  He feels Steve’s loneliness like it’s his own, saw the pain as tiny Bartons hung off their father, the anguish that comes from being the one who carries the dead bodies off the battlefield.  For all Captain America stands for life, Steve Rogers is surrounded by death.
Steve turned to Tony with an evil grin.
“We’re Alastors, new friend.  Welcome to the club.”  Clint jumped up on a stool, which Natasha promptly kicked over and sent him tumbling into the dirt.  Tony pointed at her.
“Clint, you will wake up strung up by your ankles if you don’t shut up,” Natasha threatened calmly from ten feet away, were she was taking potshots at the lizards.
(A few months ago, Tony had imperiously declared to everyone that he had the best hemoglobin levels out of the Avengers.  What he wouldn’t trade to go back to those days of easy friendship and raucous laughter, instead of . . . whatever this was now.)
UPDATE: I'm really sorry I haven't updated this very recently, but I'm currently working on by Big Bang, which is a historical AU that is very long and needs lots of research.  I'm not abandoning this, I know where I'm going, it's just gonna be a little while.  <3
But having Peter make them run for their lives to catch him and wrestle until he made them stop with sloppy kisses, and having Maria sit in their laps and demand hugs and kisses and readings from automotive maintenance manuals, having Peter storm into their bedroom with Maria following behind and berating him for not knocking and them climbing in, snuggling into the safety of their fathers’ chests.  Having their teenage children be tied for first on the list of young scientists and inventors to watch yet would still get into arguments about who got Nutella and peanut butter on the kitchen counter and who would clean it up.
“What’d you want from me?”
His otherwise peaceful death was interrupted as the shouts got closer.
Pepper’s voice wafted over the speakers, making it sound like she was sitting next to him.
There were icicles forming in his eyelashes as the thin, atmospheric air hit him in the face.  Had he not had the serum, his would be suffocating from lack of oxygen.
“You’re one of my constants, too.  For what it’s worth.”
Peter groused.
“Huh,” Steve says again. “And you hoard things that you can use to make other things?”
“Iron Man, he’s insane.”
Bruce turned back to Cap
The living room is empty.
“That’s expensive, Cap,” Tony murmurs into Steve’s collarbone, already listing contacts in his head.
“Tony Stark . . . not recommended.  That doesn’t make any sense.  How can you approve me but not approve me?”
“Steely Dan.  ‘Brooklyn (Owes the Charmer Under Me)’,” he huffed.
“It’s a really nice floor.”
Steve reached over and helped himself to a few of Tony’s figs and ignored the comment.  “Obviously you’re no physical specimen like me –“ he paused to let Tony snort “- but are you capable of a bit of a hike?  Show you the island, meet my favorite ladies.  They won’t be pleased if I don’t let them interrogate you.”
“Congratulations.”
“A Look and Find?”
“Fine, Rhodey.  Just been . . . thinking.”  Rhodey looked unimpressed.
are warm, and no outside force may ever change that.
.” The bitter, humorless noise that came from Steve’s mouth was inhuman. “I want to know what we’d be if it weren’t for
“Natalie, this is a very personal question-“
happy.
Tony stretched and rooted around in his bag, before finding the flatish box with comic book wrapping paper.  He threw it unceremoniously into Steve’s lap, before crawling back under the covers with him.  “I thought, since you gave me yours, I should give you one back.”
s between them. What’s done is done, and all they can do is their best to move forward.
but part of him
When he was lying on his cot with muscles screaming in agony, he focused on Maria’s refrain of
“Just be there for him,” Natasha had told him.  “He’s reeling.  Let him open up in his own time, and in his own way.  He’s not taking the transition as easily as you.”  Which hadn’t been easily at all.
So, he pretends.  That Steve could love him too.
So it was off to Yekaterinburg for Tony. The orphanage’s records miraculously survived, despite age and the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the city’s name turnover.  For a case of rubles, the ladies in the office turned a blind eye to Tony rifling through the building’s records.
“Where am I?”  He tried to make his tone threatening as possible.
Every time Tony received even the tiniest hit or jolt in mid-air, he let out a pained hiss over the comm which had Steve suppressing the urge to drop his shield, rush to Tony's side, pick him up, and hide him away somewhere warm and safe until he was completely healed.  He was severely regretting his decision not to bench Tony, but it's wasn't like he could have anyway.  Two-thirds of the team was "on leave", and there wasn't much time to call them in at any rate.
Caroline and Jeremy came back, and Jeremy was apologizing profusely for being inconsiderate, and was really sorry about making Steve remember something painful, and if he could still please talk with Steve, if he was forgiven?
anger management issues.  A couple of master assassins.  And you, big fella, you’ve managed to piss of every single one of ‘em.”
He would need to inquire after Steve if there was a way he could communicate privately with home.  Tony had never heard anything of his letters to Peggy, so Steve must have decent avenues for smuggling his correspondence.
, you know?”
Pepper nodded, a flash of anger hidden by her usual mask of passive indifference.  “At once.  Come, Thratta.”
Steve was there.  Manhandling him around, so supersoldier shoulders blocked the spray from Tony’s face as he bent down to kiss him, sucking on his tongue.
You gonna stop me?”
Tony stared at him for about five seconds before he dissolved into laughter.  Steve harrumphed and crossed his arms, waiting for Tony to collect himself.
Tony breathed deeply while Maria whispered reassurances and Peter laughed.
Zoloto had warned him that he might start hoarding. The dragon kind, not the A&E kind.  He looks over at the pile.  Mostly tech or something connected.  Of course.  He makes a note to look into getting a vault built to hide it from everyone so they don’t worry.
Steve smiles slightly, but something in his eyes looks shattered as he crawls out of Tony’s bed.
“Put on the suit!”
Peter chortled.
Steve squeezes his eyes closed.  “I trust you,” he says, very quietly.
“You know, I still don’t know how to dance.”
Steve is losing his patience.  "Look, if you don't trust me - "
Steve was on the couch, wrapped firmly in a pilled red fleece blanket, listed to the side and dead to the world.  He was so peaceful in sleep, like the young guy he actually was if you ignored war and ice.
“Because – because we’re in love!  Because I don’t want to be with anyone but you.  I want to annoy you for the rest of my life.”
“Trust me, this is fine,” Tony says, rubbing his hands over his upper arms to stimulate circulation. “This isn’t anywhere near the worst cold I’ve seen.”  He had woken with his head coverings, remaining mitten, over and undercoat gone, but his thermal pants, shirt, and snow boots are more than enough to keep him thawed.  Before they left Zoloto's chamber, Tony had removed his gauntlet and had left it with the rest of the armor, because he can't really afford not to trust Zoloto.  She could probably eat him in several bites.  He still finds he misses the warmth of  the gauntlet, and the security it gives him.  It will take some time from his hands to adjust, but he’s certain they will.
to see us.  Peasants are never thrilled with my presence unless they know who I am.”
“Because I – because I - ” Steve rucked his hands through his hair.
Tony obligingly exited the ice cream parlor and found the pink granite structure set into the wall to the right of the exit.  There was a placard posted above the dry-looking fountain, and Tony leaned in to read it when Steve’s voice echoed from the basin.
“Thank you.”  And he was surprised by how genuine he sounded.  “I’m used to the finer things, but I’m not
“What, Tony?”
He eyes widened slightly, like she, or someone, had made a mistake.  He stood, relishing the height and the shoulder width, and how he knew they intimidated.
“Oi!  Shoo!” one of the sailors cried, immediately whipping the others into a frenzy.  Tony turned to see the elegant swoop of golden-brown feathers with a red under-wing glide over and settled lightly on the railing next to him.  The falcon analyzed him with sharp golden eyes, before letting out a screech and taking flight again, looping once around the mast before setting off towards the north, leaving the ship in his slip-stream.
"Sure, Steve," Tony grinned, standing, sopping hair curling slightly at the tips, and Steve just had to lean down and kiss him.  Tony moaned approvingly, curling a hand at the nape of Steve's neck and standing on tiptoe.  He yelped when Steve bodily lifted him, but quickly sunk into being carried, melting against Steve's torso as he shut the water off with one hand.
El Fin!
“Welcoming?”
Theirs wasn’t a love story to be painted in oils and hung in a nice museum.  Theirs was an urban legend, whispered in blood and ashes, and remembered.
He let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding as Loki glared at the crystal.
. Only to be disappointed that Tony wasn’t nibbling at their persuasive charms. And now, he only had eyes for the bodyguard lurking in the corner of the room.
you, and just
Tony tugged them back over to the couch, and again pushing Steve down, crawled into his lap with this spine aligned with Steve’s sternum and his head tilted back on Steve’s shoulder.  Steve wrapped his arms around, interlacing their fingers over the arto-utero.  Steve pressed kisses to Tony’s closed eyelids, and they were still, quiet, waiting.
But the end is in sight!  Only three chapters, and the epilogue, left!
And Tony didn’t help.  Always seeking Steve out, dropping whatever he was doing to join Steve for lunch, prioritizing things Steve had asked from him over anything from SHEILD or SI.  .  Always sitting next to Steve in team meetings or on game and movie nights.  Smiling that brilliant smile, like Steve was making him so happy for just being there.
The door opened, admitting two men in black.  Special Forces uniforms.  Ones like he had never seen.  Their guns looked like something out of a science fiction illustration.
“Da,” the man utters as he turns back to the terrain before them, leaving Tony still wondering what he is drinking. Whatever it is, it’s good.  And Akim has been good thus far at not asking questions.
A feeling that she loved him.
“Not your fault,” Steve croaked.
He didn’t pay much attention to the discussion that evolved.  Bruce came in a few moments after Tony, and seated himself at the table with the others.  Natasha procured tea for the two of them, and powdered hot chocolate for Tony, as he wasn’t supposed to be having caffeine.  He whined at the powdery substance, and Steve had to hold himself back from pulling out another pot and showing Tony how good
He had picked up the scepter.
“Listen, Tony.  I’m – I’m sorry I snapped at you.  You didn’t deserve it.  It’s just – I don’t have much.  The world’s really one of the few constants in my life and I – “
“Mother asked me if I would be willing to visit with you, to see how you have been doing. I apologize for not dropping by while you were with the shell, but my work takes me around the world for long stretches of time,” Ilya says in his light Ukrainian accent, and Tony can tell he has tamed it over the years.  “I hope you will excuse me, but I think you can understand my position?”  His lips quirk in a way that reminds Tony of Zoloto’s snout before he takes a long draught of his coffee.
“You’re not as good at keeping
Tony gazed past the men gathered around it, and stared at the
Steve let out a heavy breath. “Yeah.”
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny.”  He turned quickly to Bruce.  “No offense, doctor.”
“Do as I do!”
Steve nodded and breathed through his nose. “Okay. Okay.”
“Mr. Stark!”
"Your relatives will meet up with us?"
will eat it if it kills me.”
“Trust me, if I didn’t put my foot down, the palace would be an aviary.  Done?”  Tony nodded, and they both stood.  “Now, we’re headed over there.”  He pointed at a crescent beach to the west.  Rocks and cliffs framed it.  “Nausikaa’s beach.  It’s where Odysseus washed ashore.  But, more importantly, it’s where the ladies will give you the third degree.”
family loved him, but they were obligated to an extent.  He had mastered talking and charming, and the people
He thought about writing to his mother, Peggy, Pepper, and Rhodey, but he didn’t feel up for it.  They’d only have questions that he couldn’t answer.  And anyway, Peggy was the only one who knew Steve, and even then Tony suspected the man had probably changed over ten years.
The falcon let out a particularly shrill shriek.  Sam held up a bit of fig and the bird swallowed it whole.  “Okay, I get that, I completely understand your thought process, but I’ve never been to Athens, so I can’t judge.”
“Cultural attitudes to
But Steve was already shaking his head, though he was smiling.  “Sam.  He’s of the Korkyran royal bloodline.  Between us, I have informed the local elites that I intend to name Sam as my heir.  He is from Ithika, but it's nearby and he’s taken to Korkyra with gusto.  Everyone loves him.  You might have noticed how they treated him as my right hand at breakfast?  He doesn’t quite know yet, and nothing’s written in stone, but I think Sam would do very well.  So, you’re not the
formality.  I am so sorry that you were a complete idiot and got shot in the leg after disobeying a direct order, but as it was on
was ever content to sit at home in peace and plenty.  Tony had a theory, that there needed to be threats to one’s life if one wanted to feel alive.  In the ten years since the war ended, there had been no major conflicts, droughts, curses, anything that could compare to the tragedies and joys that had been brought to the city by messengers on quick feet, or the dusty battlefields that formed their history.
“Seriously?” Steve looked up at him, wrinkling his forehead.  “Those make my job ten times harder.”
But they were best friends, confidants, and brothers.  Tony didn’t care that Rhodey’s mother was different from his own; they were brothers where it mattered.
“Whiskey on the rocks. Steve?”
(He draws him naked, from the flashes he has seen and decent guesswork.  It’s a guilty pleasure, but not one he would apologize for.  It’s not a selfish want.  Well, not entirely.)
“No, it’s just-“ Tony looked on the verge of tears.  “I’ll miss you two.”
The sharp ping of bullets on metal filled the air as he hunched over in the back seat with the kid holding him down.  Shouts and firefights were going on outside
“I am
“Stark, you know that's a one way trip.”
but a quick look back at Steve told him he had better just get it over with.  “I am heir to the throne of Athens.  My mother was a princess form Zancle, and through my father I am descended from Theseus and Hermes.”   Tony didn’t fail to notice the knowing look the three nymphs shared, but he continued.  “I have undertaken a few minor quests, but I’m not much of a hero – “
he was, making sure he was safe, not in captivity, he always made sure he was at home surrounded by the things he made.  (Pepper and Steve always complained at him about sleeping down in the workshop, but it was the only place he woke up completely knowing his surroundings.)
Tony tried to imagine Steve on Lykabettos.  Some days, especially in high summer, it was almost impossible to walk without tripping over a pair of bodes.  Every bush and copse seemed to be teaming with moans and grunts.  The number of forgotten oil bottles must have been staggering.
“Natasha,” he pleaded.  “Stop trying to force this.”
Zoloto bears her teeth and lets out a thunderous roar that is her version of a belly laugh.
It was wet, rainy, and smelled more like home here.  Different but recognizable.  Manhattan?  A taxi nearly ran him over.  The cars were different from any he’d ever seen, sleeker and more aerodynamic.
Steve just stares at him.  He doesn’t stand.  He just sits, enormously broad shoulders angled slightly inward, slight pout to his mouth.  Steve almost always has a slight pout to his mouth.
Steve loved hiking.  He loved climbing the many mountains in the park and viewing everything from above.  But Steve also had no issues with playing dirty, usually using access and emergency roads not open to the public so they only had to hike maybe a mile to get to the prime viewing location.
There’s wood too, hard but alive, something sturdy yet sloping and beautiful.  Something that man has yet to recreate and probably shouldn’t.
“It means ‘blood rose’ in Latin.  And Sagittaria is like naming her after him.”
Steve gestured over at the altar carved into the rocks.  “can you guess whose it is?”
They were coming back after a battle when the box arrived.
“Well,” Tony conceded to her fierce eyes.  “There’s my mother.  I think I love her more than anything.  Pepper, my sister.  She sort of runs my life.  Rhodey, my brother.  He’s like my second-in-command.  Peggy and Angie.  A few friends, smattered across the mainland and the Peloponnese.  My mother’s family in Zancle, though I rarely see them.  And, that’s it, I think.”
rather than go back.
It does make sense.   Humans can’t usually stand each other, let alone something else.  “How old are you?”
how much spin they can do in twelve hours?”
The phone still said no messages.
He didn’t discuss it with anyone.  Even in a city filled with people who loved him, and a palace filled with people sworn to serve him, there were very few people with whom he felt comfortable enough with to talk to, and even then baring his soul was not something that was very enticing.  His mother and Peggy, Pepper and Rhodey, they looked him with love and frustration, worry pinching their brows.
Tony feels the way his guts churn, and knows that might not be true.
“Yes,” Odin grunted.  “We would have
“I could handle this if they were talking about
The glass of the coffee table let out a shudder as Tony’s phone vibrated with a text.  He lunged to scoop it up, checking if it was from Steve, ignoring the knowing look Bruce shot him over his glasses.
give him any – and Buck wants to thank you again for this new arm thing,” Steve rattled off, leaning over the back of the couch and kissing the top of Tony’s hair.  He wrapped his arms around him and balanced his chin on Tony’s shoulder.  “You alright?  You seem tense.”
Steve relinquished his hold on Shapanka and moved over to stand at Tony’s shoulder. “He told Iron Man and myself he was after your transistors.”
It was spring, and he was hopeful.  The end was in sight.  The war was wrapping up.  The Nazis were crumbling, and Hydra was getting more and more desperate.  Soon he could go home, find his wife, and finally have the twins in his arms.
“Not that easy to get rid of me,” he stepped fully into the room, ushering Steve to join him. “Pepper, meet Steve Rogers. From now on he’ll be my personal bodyguard.”
want a drink.”
Steve held up a hand for silence.  “Do you know what makes good paint?  I honestly can’t tell you most of what they use today.  But classic pigments, I know a bit about.  Some are vegetable based; some are derived from other plants.  But they fade.  After a while, the organic pigments will fade.”
When he saw the costume they wanted him to wear, he understood.
Steve did have a few administrative things to take care of before they left, and Bruce was called off to help with a houseful of people with bad fevers in town, so Tony joined Natasha and Redwing to idly watch Sam and Clint pummel each other in a few rounds of
“Near the Needles.  Might be an all-nighter.”  More groans.
you he was bad news. Steve and Happy were already down there, and were able to stall him until Iron Man showed up!” She narrowed her eyes. “I didn’t have a meeting with Iron Man scheduled in your books.”
Parker Peak was Steve’s favorite mountain.  He’d taken Tony there on their first “date” that wasn’t them fleeing fire or sitting in a hospital.  While Tony didn’t care much for the hiking, he did love the views from the mountains.  The drive down from Camp Nelson was also a treat, winding leisurely through the giant sequoias, with bright sun beaming through the branches.  Steve rolled the windows of the truck down and they drove in peaceful silence, Tony sticking his head out of the window like a dog.
A vigorous nod.
“Just like you said.”
“It was nice to meet you, Iron Man!” Steve called after him.
The attaché case popped open with a simple touch, as it had been coded to only open for Tony. Folded sheets of golden metal lay innocently in the red velvet interior. Tony unbuttoned his shirt with one hand, letting the chest plate glint in the low light of the office.
Steve hooks his boots around Tony’s wing joints and adjusts the mask to be readily accessible. “Ready?”
“I, uh, can’t think of anything right now.”
“Whoa there. David Drakovich Kuznetsov was the human name my mother gave me.  But my true name is Dragotsennyy of the Stalimasshtab.”
“Eh, there’s variations to their theatrics, but much of it’s the same.”
Barton shared a glance with Romanoff.  “I call her Eyas.  The term for a baby hawk.”
a deaf musical prodigy.  He should not be allowed within ten yards of a music store.”
Peter’s words steeled him, and he gritted his teeth and stalked off.
“To tear us apart.”
His mother cupped his cheek again.  “Remember, you have always been my blessing and my joy.”  She knelt and picked the finished garment from the loom-weights, standing again and wrapping it over his white linen tunic.  “Go.”
“I’m sorry.”
where he went.  Two new recruits also disappeared, but hey, I didn’t really know them that well.  There’s some guy who talks to ants, apparently, but he disappeared too.  And then there’s you – “ Tony pauses and sweeps his hand through the air, gesturing at the man sitting in front of him.  “And we both know you’ll disappear again as soon as we’re done here.  Family?  Well, yes, actually.  My only experience with family is it being snatched from me.”
He pulled Tony a little closer.
Happy was there in less than ten minutes. Tony pulled his shirt to cover the chest plate, accepted the bag Happy passed him, and slammed the door on Happy’s complaints that Pepper was getting calls asking if he was dead, so she had called Happy and had yelled at
“Boss, just be honest: when was your last serious relationship?” Tony wracked his brains, but he couldn’t remember. “That’s my point. Boss, I mean, I’d love to see you settle down with someone. You need that, especially after . . . . “
Rogers looked down self consciously, even as he swelled like a bullfrog.
“How about this, Steve.  In a few days we organize an appearance on one of the morning news shows,” Pepper offered shrilly after Steve crushed the seventh remote in three days in his haste to turn the vicious words off.  Tony and Thor thought it was hilarious, Clint was jealous, but Pepper was fed up with making sure the damage was footed to Tony’s bill.  She claimed that, now that Tony was eighteen, he could handle such things himself, as her time as legal guardian was over.
But he’s beyond sparing Steve’s feelings right now.
Laura nodded, and Clint groaned as his daughter cheered and raced back into her room.
There are no windows in the place, so Tony surmises that they must be in caves carved deep in the mountains. The floors, walls, and ceilings are made of similar smooth stone underneath their decorations, and while it is cold, they are insulated from the worst of the Russian winter.  Gazing at Zoloto’s thick scales, Tony realizes they must not be bothered much by the weather.
“Maybe you’re a hero,” Tony grumbled, “but not all of us are heroes.”
They look at each other, and neither of them says a word.  It’s too early yet, to put a name to this thing swelling between them, warm and silky and
“May – I – present – the – OPI – Avenger – Designer – Collection!” Tony huffed as he struggled to pull out a pack of nail polish in Iron Man colors.
“Rhodey says you’re off.  You’ve been off for a while, but it seems to be getting worse.”
“Trying to save it.”
“You have homework.  You have a lot of homework.”
There we are.  Took them long enough, but I hope it was worth the wait!  Now, for smut and fluff.
It was after everyone applauded as Steve and Nat finished the paso doble, that Steve approached him with shining eyes.
“I wish you all the luck in taking care of our dear Anthony!” Thor had shouted hurriedly over his shoulder as he headed for the roof.
“Hey.”  A cold hand touched the nape of his neck, contrasting with the stuffy hot air of the van and making him jump.  “You sure you can handle this, Stark?”
And maybe, not that he'd ever admit it to anyone
“Shh, Green Bean, part of the proceeds goes to charity.  Pepper, have the marketing people approved?”
He touched the amulet of Hephaestus idly and jolted when it heated in a burst of white-hot that lasted fraction of a second.
with anyone either.  Only Pepper had been trusted enough, and it had been a while since she had lovingly explained that while she loved him, she wasn’t
“Steve, breathe. Mister Stark should be fine. He should still be in his office. He’ll be glad to hear you took the initiative. If he had come across it, he would have tried the same thing. Albeit to less effective ends.” Steve had a lovely blush. Really, really lovely. “Stay here, the guards will be here before you know it. I’ll send Mister Stark down straight away.”
“Well,” Steve drawled.  “I wasn’t born at the top of the heap.  Quite the opposite in fact.  Tell me, how did a spoiled princeling end up in a forge?”
The man was about to say something, but a bang sounded on the metal door and a rough voice sounded.  The door rattled, and slid open, admitting a troop of armed mercenaries.
,” Steve bit the cord of Tony’s neck harshly, “is me.  You are mine.  And I am yours.”
He has his hopes.
“And Bruce is headed out to a conference.  Just you and Steve to hold down the fort.”  Nat gave him a dirty look.
“I think this might just be a repackaged Fourth of July collection,” Natasha smirked, prodding the package.
Steve carries him inside, kicks the sliding door closed, and deposits Tony on a damask-covered ottoman, ever mindful to damaging the leather furniture. He takes a few afghans from the couch and wraps Tony up a little more firmly.
at those.”
He presses play.
Usually, Steve’s praise warms Tony to the core, but today it only burns.
So what if his eyes have always had a tendency to water.
All the hesitancy was gone, leaving nothing but lethargic intent.  One kiss turned to ten turned to however many, making it just one long sequence of Steve and Tony, taking soft affection and taking their time.
“How are you settling in?” Tony asked eventually, voice quiet. There was no one to hear him, but he liked the feeling of secrecy and intimacy.
The party was pretty snazzy.  They had set up in a hall in one of the housing buildings for the telescopes, and some of Jane’s colleges had done some demonstrations and blasted astral projections across the ceiling.  The theme was, thankfully, cosmic, and there wasn’t a candle in sight.
It was high summer.  He had left to duel Vanko the day after
was my father-figure.  I was eleven, and he held me down and
is perfect for Steve reconnecting with Peggy after he wakes up, if you read it that way.  Not the most popular Steely Dan songs, but both are gorgeous.
, like his skin never really did.  This is what he is.
It pained Tony to hear the note of disappointment in his voice.
“Wait. Happy likes Pepper?”
He remembered it well.  He had thought Steve was being a stubborn stick-in-the-mud (not that they were both more than capable of accomplishing that) and had tried for a couple of months to get Steve to accept Tony’s electronics, and Steve had denied him the pleasure of the object of his affections accepting his gifts.  Then one day he had come across an unfamiliar tablet in the common living room, and everyone had said it was Steve’s.  The mass of 20
It was comfortable.  So often he wasn’t.  So maybe a minute more wouldn’t hurt.
“Stalling me won’t change anything.”
The stinging intensified until everything was burning.  Pops sounded outside.  Then there was nothing.
The throne room obviously was the only room of any decent size to be called a proper hall.  The bronze doors were propped open, flickering torchlight warmly paving the path.
And he thinks that if he neglects it long enough, that if he starves it, it will die, and he won’t have to deal with it.  It never dies, though, and he wonders if it might just kill him.
“This was always the plan Stark.”
Steve was just finishing dicing the lamb when Tony wandered into the kitchen.
And wow, how amazing it was to call Tony his husband.  They’d been married for four years, but Steve knew he was never going to be completely used to it.  Waking up every morning to a scruffy, muzzy Tony was one of the best feelings in the world.  Tony often complained that Steve rated cuddling higher than sex sometimes, but Steve saw it this way: Tony had sex with a lot of people in the past.  He’d never actually cuddled with anyone before Steve.
“Iron shouldn’t be allowed to rust,” Tony croaked out.
“Mm-hm,” Carol answers, patting his head as she shoves what looks like eight donut holes in her face.
Steve smiled, gave him a quick peck.  “Be back soon.”
“You know,” Steve said as she turned and disappeared deeper into the courtyard, “water isn’t actually bad for you.”
“Ye – yeah,” Tony muttered, shaking his head vigorously, trying to clear the fog.  “Did I black out?”
He had wondered with Pepper, if it was possible that they might be the twins’ mother.  They refused to answer, so one day he asked if she would have kids.
Tony silences him with his lips.  For a moment, it’s furious, and Tony can almost breathe –
Rhodey yells over the noise of creaking iron.
, where I'm gonna start putting updates and stuff for my stories, if that is how you usually track updates and such.  I'm not the best at working it yet, but hey, I'm trying.)
“Okay!”  Laura clapped her hands together.  “Sweetie, we ran out last night, remember?  I’ve gotta make some more.”
I've decided to split the events of Iron Man and Iron Man II between chapters.  Just need to polish off the rest of that and I'll post Chapter 3.
The walls were covered in twenty foot tall mosaics depicting the American journey.  Natives to settlers to railroad workers to the Age of Steel.  In the clouds were silver tiles outlining the history of transportation.
While he was blathering, Bruce leaned across the table and hit 2 on speed dial.  Steve picked up on the second ring.
“You don’t draw people?”
Tony pulled the arc reactor from his chest and pulled the smoking piece of rare metal from the core.  He pulled another slab from the elegant wooden box Pepper had given him.  He pushed the device containing the new piece of palladium back in the socket.
“I have no idea what those molecules do.”
The realization left a cold feeling in his chest that had nothing to do with lack of power to the chest plate.
Steve nodded.  “You’d be quite right.  We’re an island.  We have a lot of ships.  Poseidon is a given.  Also, up until me, the royal house was descended from him.”  Steve gestured over at the painting on the back wall of the woman and Poseidon.  “Athena is necessary in any polis that wishes to have an operable government, and Artemis is important when you live in the wilderness.  Of course, we do not neglect the other gods, but –“
His heart was too full.
He was just as glorious as he had been yesterday, which made Tony’s theory about how he
Fury held out a manila folder, filled with sheets of information on the glowing blue cube he had last seen illuminating the blood-colored lines of Schmidt’s deformed face.
have to let this affect anything.  We can – we can have, like ah, friends-with-benefits thing?”  It came out as a question.
feast, shall we?”
But Avengers will be Avengers, and sometimes it’s easiest to just follow the screams and fire.
As always, the simple green highway sign with “Camp Nelson / Coy Flat” snuck up on him, and as distracted as he was, would have breezed right past it if it weren’t for the mismatched row of mailboxes on the shoulder.  The house where his favorite firefighters resided was represented by one of the largest, aluminum painted bright red with St. Florian’s Cross done in painstaking detail in gold and black.  It stuck out amid all the grey, white, and green boxes, just like five New York fire people in a town of 97.
“Hey, happy Independence and birthday.  Open up.”  Bucky was hammering on the door.
“T’Challa – “
Peter wondered.
“Life is long. It does no good having many regrets.”
“That sounds great right about now.  You have actual mattresses, right?”
“I’d like to open a new project file, index as ‘Mark II’.”
nice?”
, Steve waited thirty seconds, taking Tony’s pulse before removing his hand, fingers trailing softly along the skin, and Tony wanted to whine at the loss.  He almost missed the shaky breath of relief that Steve let out.
“Fury didn’t tell me he was calling you in.”  Ow.
“Never a problem.”
When the doctors had asked Pepper about the medications Tony needed, she listed the standard cocktail for transplant victims, and said Tony needed sleeping pills occasionally.  They had asked if he needed Adderall, and Pepper had vehemently refused.  Steve was pleased.  That part of Tony didn’t need fixing.
But Stark seems to almost
Steve gulped.  “Right.”
There was no Tony here.  Tony was twelve feet directly above him in a drug-induced slumber.
to go on.  Maybe someday there will be a world DNA data bank, but until that time comes, you're sunk unless you have a close relative who is a criminal.
The cops nodded to him as he sped away.
Steve’s eyes glimmered, but he kept a lid on it as the waitress finally approached, fresh coating of lipstick and mascara applied.
“Oh, I was just in the neighborhood,” she fluttered her lashes. “Thought I’d stop by to see my favorite fella win!”
Carefully, Tony let an eye silt open and snapped it close immediately.  Steve had his face pressed into his knees, broad shoulders trembling.  Tiny gasps that would have been sobs to a lesser man filled the room.
“Of course you can.  You’re his
Fury gave another knowing smile.  Tony was going to stab the next person who gave him one.  “Stop thinking you know anything about him.  There are legends, and there is reality.  He’ll give you the respect you give him.  And Tony,” Fury gestured around to the assorted dockworkers.  “Did no one ever tell you that gods often put on the faces of men and walk among us to test us?  Maybe don’t always assume people who come from the outside of large cites give everything away.  Now, you might as well go try and fix your little slip up?”
Fury looked too calm, kicking back and enjoying himself in the burned-out living room.  Tony wondered vaguely how often he did this.  It brought about the image of Fury sunbathing in a tiny lavender silk robe as he shot ninjas and drank mimosas, and he had to suppress a giggle.
“Not well, if you couldn’t tell. Careful!” she snapped at the man who was gingerly patting at her hair. “This feels disgusting!” She narrowed her eyes. “He didn’t get you?”
Another hint of the damaged child. Instead of idealized pasts filled with magic, baby Tony dreamt up realistic futures full of decay.
“And I can’t do it either.  I can’t ground you when I’m not grounded myself.  Pepper – “ and he chokes a little bit. “Pepper – on the surface, and what we’ve ‘allowed’ to be our reason for incompatibility is that my superheroing breaks the threshold of the shit she can handle, and we both know that I will never be able to stop in the long term.  But that’s just the surface.  I – I put everything on her.  I told her that she was my world, the one thing I can’t live without, and I meant it.  But see, that wasn’t fair.  One person can’t be your everything.  One person can’t fix everything that’s gone wrong.  One person can’t complete you.  I need her in my life, and I want her to be a big part of it.  But she can’t be everything I need, and it’s unfair to try and make her into that.  She can’t be my reason.  We all need a reason, for why we do what we do, why we live, why we fight.  But a person can’t be a reason.  Because they’re a person too.  And they have to find their own reasons.
Stark shouted through his comm unit.
they were still there.
– “ Steve is turning around, sorrow in his eyes, but Tony is having none of it, after all this time were they
Steve thought back on all the discussions Tony and Peter had with Maria chiming in here and there.  Peter and Maria would be the first successful children to be conceived using the DNA of two male parents.  Peter was better versed in biology while Maria would take after Tony’s engineering genius, so Peter’s instruction had been painstakingly transferred to JARVIS as Tony and Bruce had set about making the twins possible.
Well, if Captain America did, Iron Man didn’t need to know.
Steve lets Tony lash out.  “I didn’t have any time to process the Accords.  Ross brought them to us only three days before we were expected to sign them.  And you had a part in helping them write them, and just expected us to take your decision as the best – “
“You want to learn to blow glass, too?”
“I will be going back, but it won’t be for as long and I’ll tell you when I’m going.”
Aside from the curved wooden walls and doors, and the views of the rail yards from the high arched windows, the place was just as stiff and stuffy as the study where he had been forbidden to tread.  Thin peach-colored leather covering the structured chairs, held in place by well-rubbed machine tacks and tooling, did nothing to soften the ancient seats.  The entire place was done up in various woods, some clashing horribly, but all dark and bright.   The long table going down the center of the room was topped with a plane of glass to protect it, and there were small shelves beneath the individual seats which a representative of the historical society had tried pulling a weak joke, calling them “handy laptop holders”.  There were a collection of forced laughs and a sudden lack of eye contact.
“Wanna do it yourself, Captain Interior Design?”
doesn’t care.  He cups a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulls him down a few inches to be within kissing range (he curses his lack of shoes).
“Good. Let’s see what we got.  I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris.  I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position.  What's it look like in there?”
look.  Except Steve, who was smiling brighter.
“I'm sorry.  He seemed like a good man.”
it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you.  ‘Cause if we can’t protect the Earth, you’ll be damn well sure we avenge it.”
Around sunset, he was lucky enough to come across Pietro, the fastest of the Athenian messengers, and sent him to the palace to announce his imminent arrival.  He slowed the horse to a walk, and lounged back to cultivate an air of nobility.
“Steve, it’s just me! It’s Tony!” He held his hands up, indicating he was unarmed.
“Prove it.”
good whiskey’ . . . maybe.”
He was indignant at the treatment of women in the workforce (“Never met a dame who couldn’t manage three times what a man could.”), reverent and respectful at the mention of lost soldiers or whenever he saw the little flag with a blue star hanging in a mock window (“Yeah, you never wanted to see the Western Union guy.  No matter who he was delivering to, it was never good news.”), enthusiastic about explain scrapping and minimizing use (“I was poor anyway, so it wasn’t a bad thing.”), and self-deprecating at the list qualification for enlistment (“It says healthy male.  Where is my unhealthy male column?”)
“Ah. Do you . . . wanna get out of here?” Tony asked, wincing at his awkwardness.
They pulled though, the fence buzzing and jangling as it closed.  They pulled in next to a lonely 1996 Jetta on the gravel yard.  Silently now, the three double-checked their equipment and exited the van, Rhodey looking longingly at his half-finished slushie.
Soon enough, he would have two others to pull into his arms.
him, but people who knew him didn’t like him.
He fumed all the way back to the Tower, driving even more recklessly than usual.  He jabbed the button for the common floor too harshly, and was intent on storming to the kitchen to reheat some stew for himself.
, and
Steve had Tony set up on the edge of the bed, head bowed as he kneeled between Tony’s spread thighs, when Clint barged in saying:  “You guys got any regular toothpaste?  Nat only uses that sensitive gum shit and Bucky and Sam have already pack – OH GOD MY EYES!”
“You know, I thought we were having a moment.”
It was three A.M. when Tony got back to Manhattan.
(See the end of the chapter for
The fierce gaze glimmered and fractured, and she smiled once more before turning and striding towards the throne room.
“What’s so bad that it warrants death?” Steve asked, rubbing a soothing hand down Tony’s right arm.  He rolled over, and sighed as Steve’s hands worked at the knots in his lower back.  He allowed himself a moment to revel in Steve’s more than capable hands before responding.
Warning: Natasha tells Steve some pretty difficult stuff about her past.  Nothing graphic, and very short, but if you are sensitive to discussions about past rape, please heed caution.
There was a quiet “One . . . two . . .
“Well, you’re an Avenger, aren’t you?  Should have your own –
– and tugging him over to the couch.
Well, Tony mused as he picked up the tube, at least the kids had taste.  That or Barton had found a better sense of humor.
let him go through that hurt if I can prevent it.  I will not hesitate to kill to prevent that from happening.  I am
Peter said, far too sweetly to be trusted.
He was cryptic in his transparency.  In Athens, everyone on down to the slaves in the silver mines were concerned with obscuring any weakness from public view and twisting reality to meet their needs.  Tony expected Steve, as an Athenian by birth and breeding, to be much the same.  But now, Tony supposed he understood a little as to why he had quickly abandoned Athens for Korkyra.  The quiet earnestness that seemed to be the setting of Steve’s character would have him ripped to shreds back home.
The ocean peaked out from under the clouds.  The expanses of blue and white were beautiful.  Unforgiving.  Inevitable.
California on fire?  Just saying,” Bruce held up his hands in a placating gesture, in the face of Tony’s glare.  “You haven’t seen him since May.  Maybe it would do you both some good.”
When designing the Mark II, he debates on how he should see out of the fucking thing.
Rhodey sighs as he snips the string closing the box. “You don’t know how long we were watching you, do you?”
Steve nodded vacantly. “Heart trouble, I can understand. Had quite a few medical troubles when I was younger. I’m better now.” His eyes darted up accompanied by a warm grin at Tony’s burst of laughter, then his face turned thoughtful. “Do you get these, um,
“You might want to pretty yourself up.  We’re nearing Korkyra,” the man with the eye patch told him as he strode over.
So when Tony found Steve on the phone, trawling through hotel prices and weighing the pros and cons of different locations, Tony hadn’t really paid attention.  Until Steve said something about splitting two rooms between the six of them.  No way in
“Mmm,” she nodded. “Tony, I’m
Just because he was a genius didn’t mean his logic couldn’t be flawed.
Bucky won.
Tony stayed alert, listening intently as Steve’s breathing evened to sleep once more.  The stickiness would have to be dealt with in the morning.
“What about your sweetheart?” It’s tentative, very tentative, but this new thing between them feels so fragile still, even though they both know it’s stronger than carbon fiber.  They’ve just done so much to each other; they’re terrified of what might happen.
“No, all of this came from
The flying suit of armor rounded a corner, bringing with it the massive
“A Tony cake with blanket frosting,” he mutters to himself.
“You drew my eyes.”
People older than him call him their childhood hero.  They give him their veneration.
The idea blossomed like a morning glory. “I don’t have a bodyguard.”
They lapse into uneasy silence.
Clint was a country fiend for some reason.  He liked a vast collection of things, but was always singing along to Johnny Cash or some other guy in a twangy voice.  He told Steve he had once had a banjo, but when Steve asked what had happened to it, Natasha had shouted from the kitchen “He is
Their little group made their way down the aisle, and found their seats in the third row.
“Nat, please don’t go telling yourself you don’t have a heart.  That isn’t true in the slightest.”
“The only word I care about.”
“Pepper says I have to go to a conference.  In
Tony watched closely as Natasha ran her blade gently over the sides of one particular pod that had several dried incisions along with the newest one.  Obviously, Natasha made sure to get every last bit of latex she could.
“Thanks, JARVIS.  I’m gonna-“
His father, on the other hand, looked suitably unimpressed, lounging on his throne on the right side of the room, plucking uninterestedly at the hem of his scarlet
, a slave, a servant, a guest, and never could he properly relax.  There were a few he was comfortable letting his guard down around, but that was also with people.
He feels bad comparing dragons to humans, but finds it impossible not to. The shell is a family, in every sense of the word, but is also like a group of compatriots and of course the best of friends.  Dikost, Zoloto’s son, treats him like a brother.  Together, Dikost and Dragotsennyy explore the Urals and Siberia.  They fly well together, and Dikost is endlessly enthusiastic about finding adventure.
have become a problem, a problem
“Tony, I want you to meet Agent Romanoff-“
Tony swallowed.  “You’re talking about heroes.”
“Bruce next!  Aww, look, both of you!” The package had the same model in two poses, one with green face paint and a purple bikini and making a supposedly-ferocious face as she display her clawed hands, the other of the same woman wearing beige slacks and an open lab coat, biting the frame of some prop glasses.  The colors were
Rogers had a very unattractive sneer, no matter what his dick said.
Natasha was convinced Tony felt similarly for him.
“My father? Just curious.”
to?”  He crossed the room to grip Tony’s shoulders.  “Who did this to you?”
“Well, that’s the issue then. I’ll always be heavy.  The stuff I’ve seen . . . stuff I’ve done.  I can’t forget it all.”
, Stark! And
“Okay,” he concedes.  He’ll drop it, for now.  Rhodey will bring it up again.  He always does.  “Hungry?”
“Just how drunk did you guys get in ten minutes?  I’m impressed,” Tony conceded.
Pepper had been frozen mid-rant, probably telling Shapanka off for daring to invade her domain. Happy’s body had seized up, pushing his shoulders up to his ears. His pose would have been funny if not for the fact the two were far more quiet than he’d ever seen them.
Tony hummed, something that suspiciously felt like “Shook Me All Night Long”
Made of metals we don’t yet know.
The death sentence didn’t scare him, really.  He just realized he must have been hallucinating for the past twenty years.  He’d be dead in less than six months, and the twins wouldn’t be born for another ten.
“It was a pretty nasty fall.”
He pulled open the bandages to reveal a raised metal circle embedded in the middle of his sternum, humming faintly.
“I don’t like all the changes that happened.”
“A Second Hydric War.”
Steve snickered.
The girl beamed at him, and her father groaned while everyone else lost it.
“You’re smart.  Guess.  There’s not much to tell.”
Tony couldn’t
Steve pulled down two wide, shallow soup bowls, and ladled out two servings of the stew.  He placed it in front of Tony with a flourish.  “Wait,” he moved over to Bruce’s herb garden, coming back with a solitary mint leaf, which he placed carefully on the center of Tony’s stew.  “Sorry.  Not jelly, but it’s mint.”
Today it was the former, and Tony couldn’t make himself do
“Cold feet. Cold feet!” The manic glint in Shapanka’s eyes went ablaze. “I wanted money, but here you are, giving he a million dollar solution for
The news people were all over the photos produced from the shoot.  All of the pictures chosen were close-ups of the polish on everyone’s nails.  Tony and Rhodey had retracted the fingers from the gauntlets to show off their manicures, Steve had gripped the edge of his shield to display the color, Clint had shown off
“If I know you, and I do, you’re going to be doing this forever. This is what your calling is.  I don’t have any
“‘Precious One of the Steelscales.’ But don’t go tripping over yourself.  I’m still very much Tony.”
“Mmm, maybe later.  My
He never really understood humans.  But there's a reason.
Agent Romanoff interrupted their stilted conversation.  “Gentlemen, you might want to step inside in a minute.  It’s gonna get a little hard to breathe.”
Tony nodded miserably, feeling like an idiot.  Steve held out an arm, and Tony crawled in, tucking himself along Steve’s body.  Very gently, Steve began to rock them slightly, humming as he placed a gentle kiss on Tony’s temple.  “I might have . . . over thought it.”
Clint threw a just-gnawed pork bone into the fire.  “I win.  Pay up, bitches.”
“Uh-huh,” Steve agreed vacantly, staring at the slender finger being sucked harshly by its owner.  He nearly bent his spoon in half.  He snapped himself out of it.  “Well, if you’re done,” Steve said, rising quickly and holding the tray in front of him so Tony wouldn’t be able to see anything.
“Okay, you’re all insane.  Cool.  Shouldn’t we be waiting for Steve to eat?”
“Get down!”
hated hammers.
“You had a strange way of seducing me, Rogers.”  He moaned overly obscenely when Steve began to work on the knobs of his spine in his lower back.
“What?  Rock of Ages giving up so easily?”
work.  Tony doesn’t want to lose Steve ever again, and he is fairly certain the feeling is mutual.
Then he remembers the flash of gold and green in the sky.
“And you're all about style, aren't you?”
Tony’s eyes were glassy from medication, but soft.  “Who wouldn’t want you?”  He shifted, rolling on his side even though they had instructed him not to, unaware of the rapidness of Steve’s heart.  “Sleep better knowing you’re watching me, Steve.”
Steve’s fingers tap impatiently on the table.  “There was no time.  I didn’t have any time to make a well thought-out decision.  It – the Accords were stuffed in our faces, I was against the idea from the start.  But they gave us
Steve allowed himself a tense exhalation.  “He’s breathing?”
If only.
Then Steve would smile bitterly, and Tony would wish things could be different between them.
“Like you controlled the Cube?”
The soft creak of Steve’s door stirred Tony, and the several sets of footsteps entered.  A faint snicker, belonging to Clint, was shushed by what sounded like Bucky.  He burrowed slightly closer into Steve’s side, tensing himself for whatever the guys had in store.
Seeing Steve with his people . . . stirred something melancholy in Tony.   In Athens, status was quite simply everything.  He’d never spent much time with the everyday people.  Up on the acropolis . . . things were very removed.  You only came down when you needed to, and it was never to meet with the populace in an informal manner.
close.  But close enough to be in the aura of warmth that Steve radiated.
He can be a bit of a sap right now.
. “What the hell went wrong out there, boss?”
A flash of something that looked like self disappointment flooded Steve’s face at the words
Tony was startled out of his shock at Shapanka’s sneer. “The blue prints for Stark’s transistors,
He waited a count, two, three, nothing happened.  The twins were breathless.
calling: finding the secret of human immortality! So while he was away, I decided to take my chances. If the bumbling
“Yeah, but he’s just my great-grandfather.  The gods barely care about their kids, much less those that far down the line.  My bloodline isn’t what defines me.”
Bucky jumped at being addressed, then gave a non-committal grunt.  JARVIS took it for a positive, and the doors to the elevator slid shut again.
There seemed to be a certain hazing element to their teasing, goading him to see how he responded.  The camaraderie seemed fairly natural between them, but the easy way they melded around him was foreign.  He could count the people in Athens who treated him like a friend on one hand.
He wasn’t sure exactly what to do with it.  With the new team residing upstate, there really was no purpose for the illuminated “A” on the side of the building any more, or all the now-vacated rooms.
Steve coughed, obviously uncomfortable.
"No, Tony.  I've been a bit busy to just sit around and masturbate all day."
For a long time, Tony didn’t envy the children of godly parents.  Yeah, they were likely to insure your success, but at what cost?  As he grew, however, Tony began to relate.  Yeah, he saw Howard plenty, but it wasn’t like they spent their free time drinking together and playing
Steve purses his lips like he wants to argue, but bites his tongue. He’s trying, Tony realizes.  He doesn’t want Tony lying to him, so he’s not pushing him to the extent where he has to.  It makes Tony just want to crawl into Steve’s arms and spill his guts.  “Alright.  I guess we’ll leave it to you.  Anything that we can help with?”
Several voices call
“But I also want to
to be recovering if you hadn’t sent Barton in like some sort of attack dog.”
“<It is unknown, and not to be known>” an old woman had told him with a dismissive tone. “<Unless you are to know.>”
But he doesn’t know what Tony’s mouth tasted like, and Tony went into battle with a stomach full of sugar cereal, knowing he wouldn't come out.
It makes Dragotsennyy remember, and it pains him.
It room was small, overly crowded, and reminded Tony of an old subway stop.  The entire room was covered with a pale lime green tile, with accenting panels done in lavender, covered with flowers and dragonflies.  There were snotty kids dripping mint chocolate chip everywhere.
, it most certainly wasn’t one.  There were no servants offering platters, no mixing of wine in great
“No, no.  Threatening.  No drink, you sure?  I’m havin’ one.”  He moved behind the bar.
,” Tony muttered distractedly.
Steve shook his head.  “You’ll regret saying that when you learn how much the others snoop.  But good.  I was worried you might not be able to take care of yourself, I’m sorry to say.”
She nodded.  “I know.  I’m waiting for you to explain how that’s a bad thing.”
“His first name is ‘Agent’.”  He was ignored.
They were sitting side by side at the table, and Steve could feel the hot line of his cock burning againt his thigh beneath the tight material of his uniform.  Even though there were several feet between himself and Tony, he could feel every tiny shift and movement from his . . . well, boyfriend would probably suffice.  They needed to talk, most definitely, but his self control had devolved to little more than clenching his fists, gritting his teeth, and resolutely not looking at Tony.
He buried his head in his hands and wept.
“Good. You’ll need a new wardrobe.
The footsteps returned.  “Are you up yet?”
Just the epilogue left, my lovelies!
Clint gestures with his spoon.  “You’re pathetic, you know?”
The Tower was cold now.
“Oh, no, please don’t let this become a thing.”
“I can drive you.”
"I THINK YOU MISSED IT BUT THERE WAS A FUCKING DRAGON EARLIER.  DRAGON.  DID YOU SEE WHERE IT WENT?"
He wouldn’t, that was the problem.  Tony’s boyfriend was a coinsurer of the simpler things in life.  He loved being outdoors, preferred street pizza over Tony flying Italian in, spent his Sundays burrowed into the covers and then painted for a while, read a book, watched SNL.  Normal things.  Steve wouldn’t want Tony spending untold amounts of cash on a
still unpacked suitcase on the bed.  “We’re leaving in a couple hours.”
Steve blinks, the he can’t comprehend that happening.  “Not us.  None of us would ever fall into that.  We’re good people.  I could never believe that any of us would even think that.”
“Look, I’m sorry about that little show back there, but . . . we thought it best to break it to you slowly.”
“Don’t give him any ideas,” Happy muttered darkly as he unlocked the doors.
“Sorry,” Tony laughed hollowly, clutching the sides of the fountain.  “You know me too well.  How’d you know about this thing?”
”.  He had gotten his revenge by changing her ringtone to “Leningrad”.
“We can’t win.  You’re right.”
Laura laughed, a clear and bright sound, and Tony was struck for a moment with understanding as to why Barton would keep up this little charade.  Beneath her worn veneer, she was naturally very beautiful.  He wondered if it was because of the life she led and the stress of having a husband who was always off risking his life while she held down the fort, or if it was because he wasn’t used to seeing women who were allowed to age normally without the aid of fifty million creams and injections.  “Oh, don’t worry about it.  It’s no trouble.  Clint’s shown up in far worse straights.  It’s rare when he shows up and
“I'm sorry, did you say . . . ?”
“Steve, it’s
And they had only known each other for a few weeks.
“Bullshit,” he found himself spitting.
Thor is too very grateful, as Asgardian wealth translates to zip on Earth.  Thor’s far more conservative than Tony expected, but it was always fun to snoop the charges to see what Thor had been getting himself into.  Spa visits and theme parks and a bunch of hipster restaurants, because the god of thunder turns out to be a complete foodie, who knew?
“What?  This madhouse?  With Natasha and her knives and Sam and his birds and . . . everything else?”
“How do you- Oh.  Agent Sneaky Shots,”
“I think I get it.  This isn’t about Bucky.  You think if you bring
Bruce is exceedingly grateful in his humble way, slightly embarrassed when Tony thrusts it into his hands.  He has no other money, as the government seized his assets when he went on the run.  He uses it to furnish his living floor with calm, soft things, bamboo plants, and a bunch of yoga things, like a zen garden and a heavy hemp rug with huge, smooth river stones embedded into it, that apparently you walk on.  Bruce also purchases some nice kitchen things, a decent wok, bamboo utensils, and a frightenly large selection of special teas.  (Tony slaves away for a couple hours in his auto CAD to make a tea steeper that is of the Hulk resting his arms on the rim of the cup.  Bruce smiles and uses it all the time.)  He gets a decent wardrobe, soft button ups and khakis and a couple of nice suits and a tux from a tailor Tony recommends for press conferences and formal occasions.  After that, Bruce rarely uses the card for anything other than ordering supplies for the lab.
Rhodey gives him a hug anyways, because Rhodey is a perceptive, affectionate drunk.
“Captain Rogers-“
“Yet,” Korkyra amended gently.
After their socializing they were allowed to get ice cream (Steve got Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip while Tony tried the Dark Chocolate Truffle Gelato), and of course they got pulled away from each other again, as everyone still wanted to talk.  By the time Tony resurfaced, Steve had disappeared.
Barton leaned against the doorjamb with his hands in his pockets and raised an eyebrow.  “And
his daughter said disapprovingly as he vomited violently into the porcelain bowl.
“Okay.  Got a secret you want to confide in me?”
, up the winding processional up the
Pepper whistled lowly.
He paints the lyrics on the Tony sketchbook.
“Yeah, C rations were mystery canned meat and hard biscuits.  I’d trade for one of those right now,” Steve supplied, trying to pull the attention away from talk of Betty.
echoes back from other minds.
Tony didn’t listen, just went about trying to remove Steve’s brain through his cock.
Bruce looked intrigued.  “You never told me that.”  He waited a moment for Padma to respond.  “Well, at three they wouldn’t remember much.”
“Anyway, no one’s more of a chatterbox than you, Naus,” Steve continued without pause.
“I’m not in.  I’m actually out.”
Bucky snorted.  “I’m surprised they let him out for this.”
He wondered idly if Tony was hard beneath his undersuit.
Steve loved the plant. His face was in a permanent state of shock and awe with a little bit of wonder thrown in, especially when Tony showed him their NASA contracted aeronautics divisions. He asked fairly intelligent questions as well, ones that would sound out of place in a civilian’s mouth, but betrayed an experienced military officer, albeit one with rather colorful experience. Tony spent twenty minutes watching Steve argue with one of his top military aircraft designers over having an emergency parachute for every single passenger. (The designer argued it would weigh the plane down. Steve argued it was a small price to pay for insuring as many lives as possible were saved.) The engineer was just beginning to condescendingly explain about the necessity of passenger comfort when Steve just raised an eyebrow and asked the man if he’d ever actually met anyone who worked in the military. “Actually works. Not just sitting on their ass.”
“After the seed pods dry she picks them, and she and Bruce put them into storage.”
Probably a bit harsh, but he wasn't in the mood to be forgiving.
He tried to imagine, for the millionth time, Peter and Maria’s faces.  They would both have brown hair, hers rich curls like chocolate, his lighter, more like honey.  Maria’s eyes vibrant blue like the Tesseract thing, Peter’s the color of whiskey.  Little children smiling, running, giving him hugs and kisses, holding his hand.
“Give me your coordinates, I’ll find you a safe landing site.”
Rhodey held up his hands in surrender.  “Yes, your imperial highness.”
was the one that Steve had decided to be with.  He could have anyone.  “Yeah, sound waves ripple along the arch of the dome, and when reflected with the basins, we can hear-“
The last woman waved.  “I am Korkyra.  Daughter of the river Asopos.  I am the mother of the royal house.”
“Now!” Tony shouts, and Dikost lets his wings spread and catch.  They smoothly glide up, breaking through the top of the cloud, and emerge in the midst of the shell.  The sun is pink and gold, too bright to look at, the air is too thin, and he is blinking icicles off his eyelashes, and Tony has never felt more alive.
“Were they out?” Bruce asked, obviously surprised.  “They’re never out.”
“Jack Frost froze you,” Tony said as he approached slowly. Steve was staring at his hands. “Do you remember?”
“My armor and weapons were gifts.”  Tony rolled his eyes.  “Alright, I’m sure you could get that.  But they are of divine provenance.  They were a gift from Athena.  She is my patron.  They’re made of adamantite, forged by Hephaestus.”  The shield made a loud echoing boom as it hit the floor.  “Tony!  What’s wrong?”
“You heard me.”
The sharp blue glow of the arc reactor seeming to glow brighter as he climbed.
But it was almost visceral to be standing there getting the full force of hospitality straight to the face.  Especially when he was the one on the receiving end.
Tony doesn’t know why tonight is the night for poking and prodding at the tender spots between them, but the night has left him feeling raw and exposed and a little too longing. Bringing Steve down to his level, and leaving him just as raw and exposed, foregoing the longing on Steve’s part. Though wishing with every atom it could be.
Tony groaned.  “Is that even a question?”  And together, almost as one, they leapt into the water, ready to swim back to where they left their clothes.
Tony rounded on Fury.  “Why didn’t you tell me it was him?”
to the back of his mind, running to the
“Well, what should I call her? It’s part of her job, and frankly, she does it very well. I love her to bits, and besides, it’s why she’s lasted so long. She and Happy aren’t afraid of me. They’ll both rope you into their circle, mark my words.”
Already here, so near the start.
Mild panic crosses Steve’s face.  “How did you – “
She whispered something to Coulson before walking over.
Steve breaks away.  “I’m sorry, Tony.  I’m sorry, truly, and in spite of it I want you to know how much I do lo-“
“Security breach!”
when she’s mildly comfortable around you, and one of her biggest peeves about being in the spotlight isn’t the comments about her sleeping with everyone or her being out of her depth on a team filled with men (both are hilariously untrue), but the critiques of her wardrobe.  Every tiny improvement Tony makes to her uniform has the fashion watchers hemming and hawing, and downright outrage when she decides to lose the ridiculous cleavage in favor of a built-in sports bra.  Tony has Pepper hook her up with the best designers, so whenever a red carpet events roll around, Natasha can drown them in their tears.
Tony grinned in satisfaction. The new engine was working like a charm, thrumming strong and smooth, just like a good engine should. No bad vibrations, no strange noises, no signs of overheating. Bit of a gas guzzler, but he was pushing it. No engine was built to run at 150 mph for 500 miles, so milder road testing was still in order, but Tony was very pleased with its performance thus far.
One guy in the crowd was filming the entire thing, and Tony was pretty sure they would need to have a meeting with PR when they got back to Manhattan after the video was posted.
I 'm on
(See the end of the chapter for
, that this man, for all of his bluster and largesse, is lost and probably in excruciating pain.
“Oh.” Tony scrambled for a decent answer. Something about Steve said he wouldn’t accept a full out lie, but might be okay a partial truth. Steve didn’t seem to want to share too much, either. “Don’t tell the papers, but I have a bit of heart trouble in stressful situations. I had an – er – mechanical failure of sorts, and needed to get some peace. A bit of a nap, the power comes flooding right back.”
The door slid open again, revealing Thor and Natalasha.
When, after battles, Steve marches down to the workshop and strips Tony out of his undersuit, hurriedly prepping him and pushing in.  It’s rough, harsh, and he loves every second of it, because Steve stares into his eyes the entire time as he holds Tony against the wall.
Regret is a living, breathing thing within him.
“I’m sure.”
“Steve.”
“Um, I think you’re set.” Pepper nodded impatiently as she described the unexpected situation to Brenda’s receptionist. “Well then, I should get going.”
Tony had to bite back a grin. “Point taken. You know, you don’t have to stand sentry. I can handle this. Is there a lounge at this place?”
echoed through the workshop as YOU messed with the blender.
“Tony.”
to you that you are cherished, ya hear?” the tinge of Brooklyn in his voice becoming a flood.
“Nice to meet you, miss,” Steve said with awkward formality.
on his nails.  “The team.  Everyone loves it.”
“Nat!”  He sat up, scandalized.  “He’s playing with my emotions.  He’s not
Thor frowned.  “What do you mean by rations, Steven?  I have heard about ration books, but I have yet to understand.”
“Well, I’m not sure, seeing as you're a prince and have those things to do, but as far as Alastors go, we can guess.  I was the first Alastor Steve recruited to actually live here with him.  There are other Alastors, but they have their own lives.  You know Karnis of Thebes?”  Tony nodded.  “She’s one.  Also Harpalyke and Iphinoë of Argos?  Do you know them?”
“Sorry,
make you ten times harder?”
“You’re up.  Good.  How are you feeling?”
Shapanka stumbled out, coughing and slightly singed, revealing the shiny under suit he wore beneath the layer of ice. Tony heard the sprinklers engage, and turned to look in on the wet and smoldering remains of his office. Nothing of consequence looked damaged. He turned back to the sweating ice figures at his side.
“Underway.  But I’m messed up.  ‘s gonna take a while.”  He stifled a yawn.
The suddenly tense silence weighed between them. “You still haven’t said what went wrong out there.”
“Look,” Tony darted out a hand, pressing the check to the Formica tabletop to stop Steve from fiddling with it. “I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you stepping in. Anything you want, it’s yours.”
“Covert ops?”
“You’re dating a guy whose only reliable frame of reference is the ‘30s and early ‘40s.”
She smiled sadly, and as much as he knew he hurt her, he would be forever grateful to have her for a sister.
Tony very much doubted that.  The way she’d said “us” like she still considered herself one . . . .  He felt a well of shame.  Slavery was so taken for granted in his world, no one really challenged it.  It was too deeply entrenched.  Peggy, who had been present on the front lines in the war had managed to buy her freedom, but hers was a rare case.  While there were some slaves that he liked well enough, and he’d always promised to free Pepper and his other siblings upon Howard’s death, Tony was still complicit.  He remembered how he’d treated Thratta . . . well, perhaps she was horrible, but did she deserve the life he had sentenced her to in the cloth mills?  And all the dancing girls and kithara boys over the past few years . . . what had they done?  The girls his father and others raped like it was nothing?  The ones breathing poison down in the silver mines?
The day was still. The slight dryness was all that hinted at the approaching summer. The only sign of life between the corn and bean fields was the fain buzz of traffic along I-65. The fresh black asphalt was already fading in the sun, but the white and yellow lines on the pavement were still bright. There was a grogginess to the commuters in their Studebakers, the dullness that prolonged car travel caused. People jumped into alertness as a pair of state troopers passed on their motorbikes, but aside from that the interstate was lethargic.
She snorted.  “And post a message saying he defiled a national treasure.”
They were in Jersey (because, where else would sewer goblins crawl onto the street and start spraying acid?), and never let it be said that Jersey put anyone in a decent mood.
“Not at all.”
The letdown never as sweet as the buildup.
intimacy.”
Tony switches himself into the party channel, and hears a chorus of cheerful greetings.
“<I do not need to fall back into a vat of alcohol, you understand.>”
for me, whenever I need it.  You don’t get mad or frustrated at me when it’s something serious.  You’re
“You think Fury's hiding something?”
“Alright, gimmie a couple of boxes of that, I’ll be right as rain.”
“I intended to sit you down, but . . . the time was just never right.  And after a while, it wasn’t very excusable all the time I’d wasted.  And to be fair, you would have demanded proof.  Of which I had none.  Just the heavy implication from Zola.  Natasha had as much information as I did.  Maybe more.  She doesn’t give anything away.  But he’s
Case in point.  After he and Steve had settled into the master suite, they put on their swim trunks and headed down to the pool.  Natasha and Bucky looked like frozen statues of sunbathers, save for the alcohol both were holding.  Sam had found a pair of water wings and was blatantly disregarding the “Caution: Floor May Be Slippery” signs, running around screaming about how you couldn’t tame a falcon.  Clint was perched on the end of the diving board, peering at the water below.
Tony considers the manila folders stacked high on his desk.  “A few candidates.  Maybe.”
, so he wouldn’t question it.  It was a few dozen cubits across, but knee-deep at the most.  Easy enough to cross, if he removed his greaves and sandals.
Steve grit his teeth.  "Faceplate up," he grunted.
Rushman’s eyes were bright with curiosity.  “And will you have them?  I told you, it’s only fair.”
He'd made plenty of Anastasia jokes to himself, because
Happy was driving, Steve was in the passenger seat, and Tony was leaning in between the headrests because he didn’t want to be left out of the conversation. Which wasn’t really happening. Happy was talking (largely to himself), and Steve was staring vacantly out of the window.
“Tony?”
Steve let out a shaky laugh. Tony hid his relief. “If by ‘the good whiskey’ you mean ‘
“The Avengers.”  The Asgardian looked confused.  “It’s what we call ourselves, sorta like a team.  ‘Earth’s mightiest heroes’ type of thing.”
“Sorry,” he whispered, walking over and kneeling next to her loom.
They were the only people who mattered, really.  Sex and flattery were easily found, but love and trust were sparing.
A person of lesser experience might have though the three beings in from of him were merely exceptionally beautiful women.  But Tony had seen far more than most people.  These women were exceptionally clean, not marked by dirt and sweat the way he and Steve were.  Their skin was perfect, completely hairless and free of moles, scars, and other blemish, inhumanly perfect.  Their tunics were made of a weightless fabric, sheer like silk and finer than Egypt’s best linen.
Sometimes, he really missed her.  As happy as he was Steve, as perfect as everything had been up until a few hours ago, he missed her being what she once had been.  They weren’t ever going to be successful in the long term (which was a very real possibility with Steve), and Tony was glad they had ended it before they had permanently damaged things between them.  But the reason they were both wonderful and destructive together was that they knew each other so well.  They could anticipate one another’s thoughts, views, and choices of action.  They could operate like to wound cogs, each doing their respective job, and moving towards their end goal.
.  I’m not sure when, but someday.  Someone who will make you see that all the things you do aren’t necessarily all the things you are.”  She squeezed his shoulders, tightly, like she knew he needed something to keep him together.  “Now go, before he comes out and starts yelling.”
“N-nothing.”
anything.  Just held Tony, kissed his head, and went to sleep.
“I have, but you had to be paying attention.”  Something about the excitement that was suddenly filling Steve made Tony want to collapse with dread.  He knew what Steve would say, even before he said it.  His calves were already on fire.  “Race you!”  And Steve was off, leaping over rocks, galloping as gracefully as a deer, down the perilous slope of the mountain.
“‘Recruitment assessment for Avenger Initiative:  Iron Man yes.’  I gotta thing about it.”
Zoloto snuffs at him. Dikost looks suitably ashamed.
“That guy’s a friendly?”
It stung as Tony shifted, trying to find the best crevice to embed himself in.  It stung that Tony thought Steve wouldn’t care, that Steve didn’t think he was worth knowing.
“Thank you?” Steve stepped forward, offering a hand. Pepper shook it vacantly, staring intently at his face, every so often looking back at Tony. So, either Happy had told her, or she had deduced it for herself. “It was rather unexpected.”
.  Only babies believe in monsters.”  She looked at Clint.  “Daddy, doesn’t the news say he’s a genius?”
Zoloto sees his thoughts, and nods.
Staring into Steve’s dopey-eyed expression, which he was undoubtedly mirroring, Tony was overcome with a desire to do nothing except keep this man with him for the rest of his life.  “Fuck it.  We’re not gonna get divorced.  Screw the pre-nup, and let’s go get married.”
Three of the mottled goblin things were attached to his boot, and Steve didn't hesitate to smash them to jelly.
and the tiny sounds Tony was making were vibrating up his spine, and of course it was no surprise Steve was coming after only a few moments, and Tony sat back on his haunches, liking his lips as he eyed Steve’s still-aching cock.
“This song makes me think of you.  Come on, dance with me.”
“Then get up.”  Silent footsteps, then the rustle of the door curtain.  Tony continued to drool on his pillow.
Tony looked taken aback for a moment.  “Why?” he asked cautiously.
“All I heard was ‘blending in’.  I think maintenance guys get snacks.  I’m stopping.”
“Steve, the serum makes you functionally immortal. You can be killed, but otherwise?  You’re going to live a
needing to get ready for some other thing that would also have him wasted by the night’s end.  Plus, they’re fashionable, and no “How to Get the Look” is complete without a listing for ridiculously overpriced sunglasses.
Because he knows, the second he questions it, it will evaporate, smoke through his fingers and quantum mechanics in the clouds, and he must hold on to this, for as long as he can, because when it’s over, he’ll be vapor too.  Because this has robbed him of his substance, because he can’t be content with friendship and the possibility of having Steve nearby for years, no, he’ll take it, all of it, whatever he can get.
Dugan put down his pint.  “If we’re going to do this, we need a name.  Something cool, but tough.  We’re not gonna call ourselves the Patriots.  Sorry, Cap.”
“You’re not dreaming.”
Tony winced.  “Not . . . exactly?  I just had them give us a standard agreement?  And Steve saw the requirements for diet and sex and the words ‘separation’ and ‘divorce’ were thrown around a lot . . . .   He got . . . upset.  Like it expected us to get divorced.  And well, the board won’t let us just get married without making sure he can’t take over and well, I don’t know what to do.”
One of the beauties of the system was that the voices in your head were not necessarily your biological children.  People who’d never heard a voice and became pregnant either got an abortion or put the kid up for adoption.  People who found themselves unable to have kids quickly got themselves involved with the connection agencies to find their intended children.
Much easier to suffer. Much easier to bite his tongue.
“Well, than was nice,” Tony muttered.  “‘Pleased to meet you, here’s some nuts and figs and vague answers, let’s sing a song about your terrible future, now go on this dangerous quest.  Bye.’”
“Not if you’re gonna try and feed me that fuckin’ chlorophyll.”
Steve clutched the edge of the couch, trying not to crack the underlying wood in his anticipation.  Maria was sending a constant stream of
“No, she’s going to be adopted.  She’s from somewhere in India, hasn’t told me exactly where yet.  That’s the main reason I was in Calcutta.”
He’s sitting on the couch in Tony’s lab, sketching idly, when Tony lifts his welding goggles and asks if he wants to get lunch.
“It was flirting.”
go back.  And you can’t expect him to do that for you.  You want him to ground you here.  But he can’t do that.
When everyone had showered and debriefed, they had crowded in the elevator to head up to the common living room to await their pizza order, when JARVIS announced,
The head doctor looked at him helplessly.  “I’m sorry, Captain, but we need to-“
He sits there, absorbing the warmth that comes from Zoloto's body, and the scale he now wears burns warm, and all Tony can feel is encouragement.
spy.  His secrets have secrets.”  He gestured towards Bruce.   “It's bugging him too, isn't it?”
Tony frowned.  “Thought you liked my babble.”
“Sorry, but we gotta move this along,” a snarky voice came from off to the side.  I was a short woman with thick curves, curly hair, a red bridesmaid dress, and a clunky black headset.
He sat on one end of the couch, she on the chair angled ninety degrees right next to him.  He breathed, and she took his hand, squeezing faintly.
“We’ll look after him, I promise.”
with him.
Maybe it could hold him together.
you, Steve.  Keep on pretending you’re fine by all means, but you’re not
The second the door shut, Steve flipped he couch and let out a wretched scream.
“Send me a message by bird if you need me back for any reason.”  Fury bowed stiffly, then dissipated into the night.
“You want me to put the hammer down!”
was a midnight blue, and
Steve nodded, cheeks puffed up like a squirrel’s. Tony hid his grin and turned to mix their drinks.
“Don’t feed me the things I want to hear. Not now. Just, stop.”
like oak roots. He is an alcoholic. The dark scares him, not because of the unknown, but because he
me, and expected me to be
The rest of the team has been acting . . . oddly. There’s a lot of whispering and giggling and glancing over their shoulders at the pair of them.  Tony has heard whispers of a betting pool, and “making sure Mom and Dad stay together for more than the sake of the children.”  He doesn’t know what to make of it.
The site was . . . awful.  The transmitter was situated in the middle of what was probably intended to be the site of multiple industrial buildings, but looked much like a construction yard.  The ground was unlevel like a quarry, but with cracked umber clay instead of rock.  There were piles of rough granite boulders, and bits of quartz flecks glittered from the dusty dirt road in the evening sun, shining low through the pine trees.  Stacks of rusting rebar and bleached, warped wood lined the roadways, interspaced with cracked concrete chunks and brilliantly green weeds that shot up several feet.  There were several cranes and earthmovers sitting in amidst kudzu, and a defunct biodiesel plant.  The only sign of life was a couple of trailers tethered together towards the back of the lot, were a light was shining through one of the windows.
Coulson nodded at her.  “See you there.”
He still didn’t know what to make of it, but he loved it nonetheless.
Peter snickered.
Steve laughed bitterly. “You have no idea.”
He couldn’t even
“No! Don’t!  I can do this!”
He continues to sit there.
“Yeah.  Mine too.”
?” Tony ranted, a little bitterly, for having his precious Steve time interrupted.
“He’s not capable of going to war?  Congress was fine when it was bombs and missiles Tony was creating when he was in the throes of puberty and grief.  Isn’t he now at an age where you’re supposed to make the decisions as to what you want to do with your life?  Are you upset he’s not doing what you want?”
After combing his hair and beard, Tony wandered over to one of the trunks that several men had brought up to his room.  Tony was fairly certain they weren’t proper palace servants, but he was beginning to think the entire island dropped what they were doing to help Steve.
“You never said.”  The compound is less than a hundred miles southeast.  “You renting the cabin?”
“Yes.”
And now Steve seemed to losing interest in sex.
, a multicolored rainbow glitter, and
Both of them froze, motionless lips pressed together, shock at what had just happened leaching into their joints.  But then Tony made a tiny noise, more of a vibration of his lips, and the surge of movement broke the dam.
“Well now, finally decided to show, huh?” a sarcastic female voice echoed in the high-ceiling chamber.
Has. It never does anything but complicate and grow deeper, winding into the very essence of
Clint made a victory noise as he dug a pear out of a covered basket.  “Answer’s in the name, man.  We avenge.”
“What is this, a twin?”
She hung up.
Tony’s phone pinged with Clint’s response, showing a picture of the waffle iron in the kitchen with the caption “Found urs 2 he m8ks food tats EATABLE”.  He fired back with “Then get him to make you new arrows”.
for him.  He – he needs someone his own age – I’m too old-“
clothing, and you want to embroider it with gold no less.  Ridiculous.  You should be making new sheets for your husband’s bed –“
The approaching shoreline emerged slowly from the horizon, dusty rock topped with scrubby hills beyond the hot sand.  The ship’s captain skirted the edge of the island, keeping to the deeper waters to avoid running aground on the sharp stones.
Loki stood quiet.  Tony was surprised at how different he looked from his parents and sibling.  Loki was thin and dark whereas Thor was golden and broad.
“Sure, sure,” Natasha relented, turning on Tony with a lascivious grin.  “Tell us a bit about yourself.  Your family, life in Athens, do you have an
“They molted their first feathers a few months ago and they’re flying unaided.  Stop calling them babies.”
“Uh, no. Got out just in time. Iron Man took care of Shapanka. He’s in custody now.”
The suit folded around him, and it was like coming home.  He gained control again ten feet from the ground.  He blasted straight back up.
The hall was odd, one wall completely glass, looking out on a street.  The other wall was structured like blocks.  There were people in strangely cut suits milling around.
“Okay,” Tony whispered, still not believing, and Steve moved to kiss his tears away.  Sharp pecks along his cheeks and eyelashes, warm lips finally landing on his own.
“Oh, and painting and pottery and mosaic work are fit for kings?”  Tony didn’t want to be rude, but if Steve was going to be an asshole, Tony could be one right back.  Craftwork trades were necessary, but viewed as degrading.  Any physical labor was.  The fact that the Prince of Athens spent so much time in the forges was a weird thing.  Howard called it borderline treasonous that Tony would sully his reputation that way.  But Tony didn’t care.  Making things was the only thing that truly made him happy anymore.  Everything else was tinged with bitterness.
him Tony.  And love sometimes means that you understand that people are a certain way, and you can’t always change their minds.  I
A dull sustained beep issues from the chest where he has the armor is stashed. A message.  Not blaring like it’s top priority, but insistent.
, Steve!  I’m a terrible person!  I sleep around and create weapons that kill civilians –“
Steve breathed deeply, trying to avoid crying or something else that would leave him embarrassed.  “Peter and Maria,” he said, trying to contain the giddiness welling up inside.
Warning: underage drinking.  Have to say it.
“Just, look at the reports,” Tony choked out.  He sped towards the bedroom.  “I’m
A second, more invasive examination had been performed, stressing overall health, a brain capacity in the ninety-ninth percentile, and an appearance that could pass as German/Italian. Belated research done on the mother, who seemed to come from a small town high in the Ural Mountains.  The person who’d written the report had cited several other children suspected to be from the area, all of whom were cited with genius-level intellect.  Tony actually recognizes a few names.  A chess prodigy, several scientists working in the Russian government, a writer.  There are copies of those children’s files, and pictures sent for comparison.  All the children have dark hair and very familiar eyes.  All with the patronymic “Drakovich” or “Drakovna”.
“I don’t understand why she couldn’t have the baby
“You here with a mission, sir?”
LaGuardia.  Ew.
,” Tony purred.  “Why don’t you get one of my trunks, and follow me up to the palace?”
Now, at eighteen, he was one of the Avengers, something Steve could tell Tony was immensely proud of, no matter how much he brushed it off.
child among the greatest.”
“Hey, Steve, you wanna do a Twentieth Century Music lesson?” he inquired from the doorway, wearing the now ubiquitous sweats – purple sweatshirt and black-and-white gears on the pants this time – holding a 45 album under his arm.
Steve glanced up, seeing Tony, sleep-muzzy and gorgeous as he snuggled into the couch, eyes hazy and filtered with gold.
Stark bolted out of his chair and ran for the door.
Never let it be said that curiosity isn’t always his first instinct. The smart remarks come when he knows everything.
Jarvis nursed him through the pneumonia he got after wading into pond after dark to recover his rocks.  He slurped chicken soup as he listened to the distant sounds of his mother screaming, his father shouting, his mother crying, his mother running.
“Is it cool if I take a picture with you?” the kid asked, because really, he was just a kid.
Tony had been told by his mother to go to bed, had been told by his nurse to go to bed, had been told by his tutor to go to bed, had been told by Jarvis to get out of the banquet hall, and had been told by Pepper and Rhodey that he would be caught.  But still, there he was, least he miss his chance to observe Steve unopposed.
“You may not enjoy that.”
Bruce pulled of his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose.  “I do, but apparently she’ll be able to control him.  He’s going to be devoted to her, and she’ll be the only one to calm me down.  Whenever I phase, it’s her voice I hear when I come back.”
But Tony doesn’t fear knowledge. It is against his nature.  Enlightenment is not always kind, and it can be an immense burden, but he has found more pure joy in learning than in any other pursuit besides maybe standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Steve as they took on the world.  When things were easier, and they weren’t so beaten.
like anything.  Since when did the air not smell?
“Then don’t say anything.”
“Don’t jinx it!” Tony called, unable to keep the grin off his face as he pulled his racing gear on. He grabbed his helmet, accepted the whoops and claps on the back from the pit crew as he approached the automobile to be strapped in.
He was vain enough to know he was attractive.  But they didn’t care for that.  No, the thing that seduced them was the potential of being the lover of the future king.
And they had reached Howard.  Steve and Tony both quickly began shoveling the stew in their faces.  After a few moments, Tony cleared his throat:
“I am.  Everyone in this room.”
Steve finally snapped, told Fury where he could shove his regulations (like they could even
“Nasty,” Tony muttered.  “Why not just build a bomb?”
“You didn’t add anything to this?”
And if he just gave Steve a check, that would be it. He could very well track him down, but Steve was sitting
That is, until Iron Man buzzed past on his jet powered roller skates.
It would be a sham, and it would be painful as hell, but he’s weak. Weak enough right now to try it, because more than anything right now, he wants to drink away what burns and festers within, the insurmountable canyon between them. Close enough to see and hear, but never touch. And crossing it would be suicide.
The man tossed him a glass bottle that clinked faintly we it moved.  It was filled with tiny shards of a dull metal.  Bile rose in his throat again.  He had made this.
“Blue, then.  NASA’d probably trip over themselves to let you do whatever you wanted.  Probably in exchange for a photo call.  Captain America showing support for the space program would probably get them some much-needed funding –“
But it wasn’t enough.
“You’re shivering.” Steve presses the back of his hand to Tony’s forehead. “We need to get your body heat up before I’ll let you start complaining.”
“He made it personal.”
Determination and promise and stubbornness.  Steve knew every atom of Tony’s mouth, but set about re-familiarizing himself with it.  It was heat and suction and the barest scrape of teeth on his tongue, something so many people were scared to try, but Steve was a foolhardy idiot, and curled Tony’s toes.  Tony had his arms cadging Steve’s chest, and Steve’s left hand gripped his face, and his right gripped his hip.
Steve kept meaning to sit down, tell Tony they needed to talk, and find out just where they stood in terms of their new relationship, but they just sort of . . . fell into being together.
Peggy’s there for him, except when she’s gone.  Natasha becomes a friend, but there’s another person in her as well, but the real woman is far better obscured than he or Tony could even try.  She’s started peeling away some of her layers, but he’s certain that she has much farther to go with herself before she could reveal it to anyone else.  And as close as they might be, he does not feel the best person that should be there for
Steve could get behind that.  He hadn’t been without them for about twenty years (only counting time awake), and, well, they comforted him.  They were reassuring and helped him see through anger or grief.  He felt a constant stream of love from them, and he knew it would be worse for Tony.  He was so much more fragile, and the love of the twins was one of the only things that had kept him together for over thirty years.
“Got a suit?”
“JARVIS.  Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.”
Steve straightens up.  “How did you – “
It’s not a new feeling for today. He’s felt it many times, though never sees anything.  There isn’t much in terms of animal life this deep in the mountains, and the stuff that is here is likely hibernating.  But solitude makes people see things, hear things.  He’s familiar with his mind playing with him, when he’s alone and doubting.
He pulled up the sheet and slid in, burrowing into a cocoon.  Stared out at the cold room, wondering where he had gone wrong, and where to go from here.
Bruce had gotten a last-minute call to talk at a genetics conference that morning, and was packing his bags.  Thor had declared that it had been too long since he had seen Jane, and had disappeared in a clap of thunder.  Now Clint and Natasha had taken an assignment to some mission.  All very convenient.
With a silent groan, Steve brought his left hand up to his mouth, biting down hard on the webbing between his thumb and forefinger.
“Ah, Sleeping Beauty arises!” Clint cawed from his perch on the counter.  Natasha glared at him from the table, where she had her chair up on two legs, her own legs balanced on the ledge.  They were both wearing stealth uniforms, as they were headed out on some top secret mission.
He had been given the access codes.  But they’d been changed on him.
And every time Steve stands up, it feels like razors shredding his vulnerable insides, leaving him a bloody, aching pulp, searching for the balm that is walking out the door.
“So what’s he doing? Naked eye search?”
He did feel the
“Great,” he muttered vaguely.  “Wait, how did you know we’re having problems?”
“Hey!”
of all people), but she’d eventually stopped.  Ostentatiously because he didn’t want to any hot gossip, Tony had approached her to see why, or if Cap had taken up with someone behind his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh!”  He quickly brought the cup to his lips and drank . . . and immediately began hacking.  “
“Gentlemen,” was Fury’s way of greeting.
“Pepper.  You’re killing me.  The moment, remember.  Enjoy the moment?”
had he misread everything so badly?
to be survivable.  But somehow people do.
Natasha smiled in a world-weary way.  “I had to be,” she said softly.
he’s looking for, but . . . he’s planning something.  Awful.”
“No, not really. I’m sorry, I’m putting a bit of a damper on you guys, aren’t I?”
An image of a sly-looking man with angular features and roughly cut hair filled the screens.
Tony’s laughter crackled through the comm just as the dragon nearest him open his mouth and began to glow.  “
“If you can’t figure out who
“My father sent me here to learn from Steve how to be a king, and Steve has designs to make me one of his Alastors.  That’s it, really.”
,” Steve says, inferno hands still griping the sides of Tony’s face, a thumb moving to press gently yet firmly at the corner of Tony’s left eye.  The thumb hovers a bit, brushing lightly over the lashes.  Tony helps by fluttering them so they brush over the pad of his thumb.
, a bright gold called
“Steve.”  Natasha’s voice.  “Let’s go.”
Turning over, Tony resigned himself to a sleepless night.  It was his last conscious thought.
Tony’s laugh was cut off when Steve went back to deep-throating him.
Maybe it’s because Tony just won’t let him say it.
“Yeah, how
There have been many mysterious phenomena that he learns are due to draconic involvement. Legends and myths tell more of history than humans know.  But it is more dangerous than ever in the age of video and photography.  They know the best times to travel near human population centers, and the best ways to go about it.  The ability to phase into human forms do wonders.  Still, there are enough sightings of UFO’s to keep them careful.  (And yes, the Loch Ness Monster is a prankster from a Scottish shell.)
“And you've been doing what exactly?”
, Steve.  But me not telling you every little detail isn't me lying or a reason to distrust me.  And before you cut in, because I see you opening your mouth, I need to get better about doing world change-y things in secret, I know, I get it.  I'm working on it.  But my mother's family isn't any of your business.  I'm going to tell you.  It's just - " Tony presses a hand over his collarbone, where, hidden beneath his shirt, is his mother’s scale on a piece of leather cord.  "It's a lot to adjust to.  Mind bending.  I don't know what I'm doing."
Rushman was standing there in a skintight black bodysuit, looking like she was born in it.
The water was steadily headed for chilly, so he decided to get out before he caught hypothermia.
“There’s a line I love that says ‘
“Hun.  You’re . . . fired.”
“I’m gonna need a rain check on that dance.”
“I should never have introduced you to my friends.”
Drakovich.
As much as metal is his strength, so flesh is his weakness. Metal isn’t tempted to drown itself in pleasure. Metal has no memories that are in need of drowning. Metal doesn’t feel, doesn’t hurt, doesn’t cry.
it?  You’re
“Thank you, Darcy, we get the picture.”
“It's different.”
“No, no,” Steve grabs Tony’s hands, holding his wrists loosely in a fist.  “I didn’t come here – I came here to – “
besides scream.  As the suit stopped in midair.  As Tony’s comm cut out.  As the suit began to fall at sickeningly slow pace from 40 stories.
“Tones.”  He looks up, and Rhodey is giving him that fathomless X-ray stare.  “You don’t have to do this.”
, that
ask Tony to give up coffee.  He become slightly more dependent on it after he quit drinking after they got married, plus his sleep schedule was much more regular which ment he got more sleep now.  The least Steve and the kids could deal with was a Tony who couldn’t operate without caffeine, as opposed to other more harmful addictions.
But the normalcy of standing next to an eight-months-pregnant woman as she rummaged in her tiny linen closet was something very new.
She led him over to the corner, where in a tiny alcove set into the wall was her shrine to Hera.  A small terracotta statue, painted ivory and gold, with a small oil lamp lit next to a bundle of dried lavender.  She lit the lamp and shucked a few petals into the flame, the calming scent he always associated with her wafting into his nose and doing more to stop his headache than any other remedy.
It started off after Steve and Bucky came back from a mission where they had exterminated a Hydra cell.
“I’m not imagining this?  You’re not some . . . evil twin or something?  You’re not gonna pull off your face and be the Red Skull?”
“What do I do now?”
(it had been a lesser one this year), so it was just about as scorching as possible for a summer to be.  The rough road was cracked, with no mud patches to speak of.  With every footstep, he kicked up clouds of dust that stuck in the crevices of his greaves and his sweaty legs.  The sea to his right taunted him, the ebb and flow singing a song of icy water, when all he would find were sharp boulders.
“Let me guess: you want me on top of tracking him down, hack the satellites and take them off line, just take away his electronic pathways.”
After they had a bit of time to eat, clean up, and get the Hulk to turn back into Bruce, they convened in Central Park to say their goodbyes.
But Steve?  He must have been very young when the war broke out.  Much too young to have a boyfriend.  There were whispers about a friend of his, Rhamnos.  Steve and Bucky were said to have grown up as street urchins together, and were poor enough that no one cared if they came back alive from the war or not.  But Bucky had disappeared, or died.  He hadn’t returned to Athens, and he hadn’t been buried.  Peggy wouldn’t talk about it much.
Nat balanced on the edge of her chair.  “Did you give specifics on what to include?”
Turning away from the beauty of Steve’s form (more than a little sadly), Tony looked to see who exactly were these people who were so important that he had to meet them now.
“She earns her keep.”  He stepped forward, looking around appraisingly at the busy people darting about, very obviously not looking at the two of them.  “I’m sorry to be so roundabout, but you understand that ears are everywhere.  Even friendly ears.”
“I’m not following you.”
, are you nuts?  I’m supposed to know what he’s thinking by now and he’ll be disappointed if I don’t – “
It just sounds . . . right.”
The hall lead out into a back courtyard with an intricate swept mosaic floor with a stylized alpha.  Some exercise equipment and practice weapons were packed away neatly in a corner.  A low gate led into an orchard, filled with ancient trees behind the high walls.  It was early yet to harvest, but he could see the beginnings of apples and pears, pomegranates and figs.  A dirt patch near the gate probably served as a wrestling ring.  Outside the walls, a poppy-strewn field grew wild.
comfort?” Steve snapped.  “Like, I don’t know, maybe the fact that something
Tony pulls up the files he has discovered and passes them to Ilya wordlessly.
for makeup and jewelry.  There was an open chest filled with simple dark tunics, so Tony assumed the room belonged to the mysterious Natasha.  Judging by the daggers and the jars of what looked like poison, she was more like Peggy than he might have assumed.
. He laughed. “Nothing that would interest you boys! How’s she doing?”
, but whatever, you’ll leave me to starve,” Odin groused.
“No more donuts.  What type is it, Steve?” Natasha ordered.
“You and I are phosphorus sesquisulfide and potassium chlorate.”
, but Tony had ignored him.
“Wonderful,” Steve found himself laughing in joy.
“Yeah?”  Fury raised the eyebrow over his remaining eye.  “And you’re a jaded Athenian prince who’s used to everyone coming to you.  Well, your court.  The only Athenians these people are familiar with are Steve, whom they adore, and traders, who they’re less enamored with.  They don’t know that the Prince of Athens is going to be living here for a year yet, but they can tell you’re important.  They want you to be like him.”
Bruce’s laughter was interrupted by Rogers striding in with a scowl on his face.
Steve rolls his eyes.  “No, but having some input would be nice.”
“Accidentally?”
“Wha –
But what that entails is based on the ability to phase, which he hasn't managed yet.
“Your shield.  I – I.  I know this sounds crazy, but I saw it being forged.  I helped.  I spent a lot of time in the forges in the southern caves of the Kekropia.  There was a smith . . . he was like a hallucination.  Only I could see him.  But he was so
Tony reveals them so little, but when he does, they burn right into his soul, searing a place in his heart with no permission.
“You don’t have
“Then why didn’t you call me sooner?”
Stark looked incensed. “We are not soldiers!  I am
“And when Bucky – well, not Bucky – but he was the last piece of the past I had.  And they were going after him, and – I couldn’t think.  It’s like my brain got deleted.  And we were being chased, arrested, broken out, and – I was so focused on Bucky, any traces of judgement were gone.  And then I was hovering over you, about to sever your neck.  I don’t know how it happened.  It just did.  It’s no excuse, but – there it is.”
The skin around Steve’s eyes crinkled as he smiled.  “Just imagine that you’re visiting an oracle.  Everything they say will make sense in retrospect.”
The wind still bites as it rushes across his bundled figure. But there is no winning against the Russian winter.  Something you only need to look at Napoleon or Hitler to know.
They kissed again, slow, and Steve could still taste the slightest hint of himself on Tony's tongue.  He shivered.
“Can you –“ Tony wets his lips. “Can you show me?”
Right?
“That’s that book your fire chief reads to you before he tucks you in, right?”
He sighed and swung his legs out of bed, hating himself but knowing what he needed now.
“Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me.”
, a pale lavender, and
The hardest question of his life slips out like a dream.
“No trouble at all,” Steve face had smoothed out from where it had wrinkled at the phrase “body count”, but he looked determined to set things straight.  “What regiment?”
“Says the guy who told me he preferred paper books over digital and refused a custom tablet
“But . . . soulmates.  The idea that there is someone . . . .”  Steve trailed off with a wistful sigh.  “I understand your doubt.  I share it to an extent.  But sometimes you see two people . . . . “  He threw an olive pit down the mountain.
Tony remembered the talk over last night’s dinner.  “You were a slave, weren’t you?  A hetaera?”
“We’ll have the band play something slow.  I wouldn’t want to step on your feet.”
“Why do
Tony turned and looked into Steve’s eyes – simultaneously blue like summer skies and glacial ice – loving and trusting and Tony couldn't do this.  He couldn’t corrupt him or ruin him.  He choked out a sob.
Eyes like that can’t lie.
But Steve is shaking his head, like he’s given up on trying to comprehend anything anymore. “So you’re a dragon.  Is there anything else you want to tell me?!”
Steve shakes his head in mock exasperation. “Why am I not surprised?  That gives us some time, then?”
“What’s in Monster Spray?”
Steve is careful as he climbs on Tony’s back, but sure of himself and his footing. Steve already knows where to place his feet and hands, like he was some sort of dragon rider in a previous life.
“So, who are you? What is this place?”
Tony wordlessly held the psychedelic cover out, and Steve had to bite back a curse.  Steely Dan.  He had been wanting to do that group for a while now.
“But that woman was wearing black.  You pay for your slaves to wear black.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
He handed Fury a ten.
“So,” Sam asked around a mouth full of pancake, “what’re you two doin’ today?”
“Fine, fine.”
Bruce said he would come up if he felt up to it, Pepper said she might have several meetings, and Tony wasn’t even able to reach Rhodey.  The wishy-washy way was nothing like any of them, but Tony refused to look deeper into it.
“Well, we didn’t get a proper Valentine’s Day, and I thought - “
“These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them.  We're dead in the air up here.  Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor.  I got nothing for you.  Lost my one good eye.  Maybe I had that coming.  Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract.  I never put all my chips on that number though, because I was playing something even riskier.  There was an idea, Stark knows this, called The Avengers Initiative.  The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more.  See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could.  Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes.  Well, it's an old fashioned notion.”
to make that my slogan,” Tony said as he pulled out his phone and snapped a picture of a sign that said “I’m the Girl Who Makes the Little Gizmo That Screws Inside This Bigger Thing That Goes on Top of Something Else . . .”  He would put it on a t-shirt, and give one to everyone for Christmas.
Natasha spoke up first.  “He’s fine.  Let him be.  Call Miss Potts, but otherwise you won’t help the situation.”
“Steve?”
“He’s like a . . .  smart person.  I gotta say, it’s an honor to meet you.  Officially.  I sort of met you.  I watched you.  While you were sleeping.  I mean, I was present while you were unconscious.  From the ice.”
“What’ve I missed?” Tony asks as he circles the burning block, running scans to assess the structural integrity of the buildings. It quickly compiles with the scans Rhodey has already completed, isolating life forms and rating the damage.
“Oh, you are.  Absolutely.  We’ve made some modifications to the uniform.  I had a little design input.”
Her loom was centered in the middle of the solar as it always had been, stark lines fractured by the sun.  She sat at the center of a mat, resplendent in her signature heliotrope linen, fingers whipping the curls of wool into whatever it was today.  Vermilion dyed wool edged in saffron, almost finished.
He kept his eyes on the flames.  “Before I left home, my mother told me something.  Something that happened before I was born.  Hera appeared to her, and . . . blessed me.  Which, that’s all good, but . . . there’s something else.”
Steve grunted from between his fingers.
Bruce chuckled.  “All I packed was a tooth brush.”
“I’m leaving early for Sicilia and the Apennine Peninsula.  I’m not certain I’ll find anyone new.  But it won’t hurt to look.  I can’t exactly vet everyone, can I?”
“Clint has officially offered to suck my dick for new arrows,” Tony told Steve as he tucked his phone back into his belt.
“No,” Howard looked at him, harsh, like a slave trader looked at a potential purchase.  Assessing what the slave could do, how much it would benefit
“You’re making her do pest control.   Diabolical.”
“Not when I could be doing this,” and Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s again.
Enarephoros seemed surprised, but he recovered.  “Well, we don’t have much in the way of proper fountains here.  Mostly people draw water directly from springs or wells or gather rainwater.  We’ve been trying to run pipe from a nearby spring, but while it worked fine this past winter, it hasn’t been giving us much of anything since it got warmer.  There is water in the spring, we’ve made good with the nymph whose it is, but we can’t figure out what’s wrong.”
Coulson held out a debriefing tablet.  “We need you to look this over.  As soon as possible.”
“No, no, it makes sense that I live at least near you if I’m your bodyguard, so I can keep an eye on you. I honestly don’t know how well I would do in my own place right now.”
He has a squirming human pinned beneath a claw and half a dozen others running from a blast of fire when he becomes aware of what has happened.
to stick out.  Tony seemed disappointed for some reason, pulling the duvet up to cover everything below the reactor, clutching a handful of fisted cloth over the device itself, unnaturally quiet while Steve checked his stitches.
“Really?” Steve’s curious now.  “Huh.  I thought hoards were more like gold and jewels and princess and stuff.”
“And is that the only word on me?”  He was bracing himself.
At sixteen, Tony had to drop out of university to take over his hated father’s company.  At sixteen, with the arc reactor embedded in his chest, Tony became Iron Man, the teenage nuclear deterrent.
He sighed.  “And I'll read all about it.”
“But what?”
“I do
He has to chuckle at that. That is the reason Tony made the joke, in the hopes that Steve would laugh and relax. He’s always been more than capable of putting Steve at ease. Had Tony made the joke in person, it might have worked. But Tony isn’t here; only this video that had been made in this same lab, the timestamp saying only seven hours ago. So the tension remains in Steve’s shoulders, his fingers remain clutched around the edge of his shield.
“Yes,” she nodded enthusiastically.
“Natasha,” Steve whined into the phone.  “Help.”
“I want to know if you would
Steve blinked. “Tony . . . ? Tony! Oh my god –“ Steve trembled and fell to his knees. “What – what
There was concern in the man’s eyes. “You’re getting very pale. And it’s not because of the crash or the fire.”
Rushman’s –
He waves as Akim reluctantly climbs back into the snow trawler and turns back the way they came.
He could feel a dull ache in his bones, like he hadn’t moved in a long while.  He felt like the fish Bucky had found frozen in a block of ice from the harbor after a flash freeze.  They had put the block in a soup pot and melted it over the stove.  When the ice had melted, the fish’s insides were still frozen slightly, but it had still been malleable.  They had taken turns trying to make Bucky’s sisters touch it, and had laughed at their screams.
Steve grit his teeth.  “That kid has shell-shock.  Get away from him.  You’re giving him a panic attack.”
Saying it's cold is an understatement.  "Frigid" is also an understatement.  There's really no way to describe a Russian winter other than a Russian winter.  It eats at your very essence.  It isn't
“Tony,” Steve gasped, sounding awed and offended at the same time.  “This place is bigger than the apartment I grew up in.  This place costs more for a week than that apartment did in a
It’s cold.  The couches are formed white leather, the fire is controlled by JARVIS, no, FRIDAY, JARVIS is Vision now, and barely acknowledged him.  Tony doesn’t blame him.  JARVIS more than anyone knew the dark parts of him.  To a lesser extent, Bruce.  And they’re both gone now.  And Tony has nothing left but an empty tower of steel and glass.
“You’re – Steve, you’re
“You’re remodeling,” Steve says after a while.  They had moved to the couch sometime ago, Tony straddling Steve’s lap as he held Tony’s hips, the backs of his thighs.  “I get you like the modern atmosphere, but it needs more hominess.  It looks like a tomb in here.”
“We’d only like to use me as a consultant.”
Steve grabs his cowl, traces his fingers along the wings for a moment before donning it. Then he squares his shoulders and leaves the lab, bound for the area where they do press briefings. Because like hell he’ll let anyone else tell the world that Tony Stark is dead.
It was unskilled and harsh and painful and
“Yeah,” Steve grunted through clenched teeth.
The proximity alarms when off just in time.
Tony can tell when they’ve traveled far enough, because the dull pain of his ear popping ripples down his jaw. He ignores it in favor of taking a long draught from the hot . . . beverage of some sort Akim’s wife had provided at the beginning of their journey.  It isn’t coffee, or tea, or anything else Tony has ever tasted.  There is milk of some sort in it, and it’s very thick, with warm spices laced throughout.  Inga had tried to pour half a bottle of bathtub vodka into the thermos, but Tony had braved her baffled stare as he waved her off.
Enarephoros looked slightly taken aback, but he shrugged and turned to Tony.  “How familiar are you with waterworks?”
“What he's got is an ACME dynamite kit.  It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does.”
“But enough of that, darling.”  She patted his cheek, a little too hard.  “Do not worry yourself over it.  My son must tell me of his great victory.”
“Where?  You rented my room.”
There has been a few occasions that Tony had met with some boy or another who met his fancy.  It wasn’t like the much older men, at any rate.  More honest, less lecherous.  Tony wasn’t vain, but he knew he was pretty.  Teenage lust was more justifiable than political maneuvering.  He’d given it up after the whole mess with Tityos a couple of years before.  Ty was cute, yes, but when he had started asking Tony if it would be possible that Tony could convince Howard to get this or that appointment for Ty’s father.  Sex and politics went hand in hand, Tony knew.  But he wasn’t going to mix them.
Certainly the smallest river god that Tony had ever seen, but it still was twice his size and had muscles Tony was sure he didn’t have.  Its skin was dark blue with bloodshot eyes and dreadlocks.  It opened its mouth, and Tony saw pointy teeth in bloody gums.
“I don’t care.  Just let me be the drunk uncle,” Clint intoned before Natasha swatted him.  She ignored his whines of protest and pulled Tony into a hug.
Oh god, he was waxing poetic about Steve’s
“After all his years on Ogygia, I’m sure any other island would seem palatal.  If you can believe it, the island was much less developed.  Perhaps he was just being overly generous in his description.  But the way the sun shines on the cliffs sometimes, you might think they were bronze.  Apparently there was once a pair of gold and silver guard dogs, built by Hephaestus, but they’re disappeared.  Let me know if you find them.”  They laughed.  “But the orchards are the best I’ve ever seen.  The true beauty of Korkyra is the land and the sea and the hills and fields.  You’ll see today.  You wouldn’t be a Hellene if you didn’t see the beauty here.”
“Last time I checked,” he deadpanned.
Tony would be okay.
that they have done that can’t be crossed.  It’s like a bucket of Legos spilled on the floor, and they must pick up every piece individually to avoid cutting tender tissue.
“You probably shouldn’t call her a nag.”
often?”
“Naus,” Steve scolded quietly after she was finished.  “That wasn’t – “
Steve just sighed, and helped Tony sit up before taking the seat on the adjoining seat.  Their knees were touching.  “I as I told you last night, we are all familiar with the gods.  You’re perhaps a bit more aware of it that I first assumed, but I have to err on the side of caution.  While everyone knows about the gods . . . it doesn’t prepare you for them appearing right in front of you, asking you to do something for them.  A lot of the Alastors, not just the ones here, have had difficulty with it.  Take Bruce.  He worked in a temple for years, as a priest to Asklepius, and . . . well, sometimes it’s easier when the gods are distant.  Because when they’re in your blood . . . .”  Steve trailed off and sighed.  “It gets harder.  You can’t escape it.  No matter how you try to run.”
“Has he already watched it?” Clint taunted from the sliding glass door.  “Cap has watched it
Steve is still worried Tony might catch a chill, but pick your battles, blah blah, and he's not going to argue with Steve coddling him right now.  He pulls more blankets out of the closet (really, when did he get so many blankets?) and spreads them out over Tony like paper mâché or some other thing that involves layers. Like a cake.
“I was wrong, Director.  The world hasn't changed a bit.”
Steve nodded once.
(In some growing, still fragile but hopeful part of his mind he was planning a year-long, no expense spared honeymoon.  They hadn’t reached
“Check palladium levels.”  Tony pricked his finger on the blood analyzer.  He plucked a bandage from beneath the desk as JARVIS read out the results.
He came with a silent cry, and came down harshly in the rapidly cooling water.
A keening sob escapes Tony’s lungs.  A hand drifts down, presses over the mass of scar tissue and the plastic of replaced bone.  The pressure helps.
“CDC,” was all Rhodey said.
Steve ignored the way the bottom of his stomach dropped out when Tony said “I fucking love you,” and focused on dragging his spoon along the bottom of the bowl and ribbing him.  “Don’t tell me the great Tony Stark is admitting to not knowing something?”
Steve let out a high-pitched pitiful whimper, sounding almost pained.  Like this wasn’t happy spank-bank material.  Tony wanted to reach over and help, but it would ruin everything.
“Tony, don’t think you have to pretend,” Natasha reasoned, “you told us about Howard.  Now, tell us about your
. And Iron Man too, wonderful! Just add in Tony Stark and this would be perfect!”
“It’s fairly ridiculous. Crazy.  I’m not entirely sure I didn’t hallucinate the entire thing."
There was a tense pause.  Tony risked looking up, to see Steve’s face cracked with old annoyance.
“Don’t I know it.  When I first got here . . . I was a warrior and a general.  I had no idea how to run a kingdom.  They’ve helped me learn as I go.  But really, I hope you get more tutelage beforehand that I did.”  Steve stood and stretched.  “I saw you examining my walls.  Curious as to the meanings?”
Clint sounded like he was about to launch into a story.
He’d heard the whispers at the few social events he’s attended, and rumors got around. People had complained of his “erratic” behavior since Vietnam, mainly consisting of his apparent refusal to sleep with anyone. It had initially encouraged many a lady, thinking the great Tony Stark was ready to settle down,
“Oh, you’re evil.  You’re gonna kill me.  Anthony Edward Stark, age eighteen; cause of death, Captain America’s sex drive.”
When they were done with the meeting (about nothing, really, why was his presence so important?), the group of reps headed towards the ice cream parlor off the rotunda.
And he’ll say Tony Stark. Not Iron Man.
much, despite our life being far rougher than your perfumed existence.  You don’t look down on anyone, when someone in your position usually would.”
“Tony,” Steve sighed. “It’s . . . I can’t tell you. I’m under orders not to share. It’s top secret. I’d love to share, but I can’t. Otherwise, I’d tell you in a heartbeat.”
Steve would look at him with hooded eyes, water droplets clinging to his lashes.
“You’ve been asleep, Cap.  For almost seventy years.”
Pikas was still there, grinning widely as he stared down.  Tony mustered a smile that probably looked like a grimace.  “So, how’s the whole, uh, river thing going?”
“Fancy seeing you here,” a voice interrupted, hazy with sleep.  Steve looked up from a packet on the caring of stitches to see a fuzzy, bedhead ridden Tony, grinning lazily at him.
“You should.  Bastard hasn’t even fucked me yet.”
“Yeah, that’s why it’s perfect –
“Boss!”
But he had insisted on walking.  It was easy to refuse help in a throne room, surrounded by perfumed ladies and wine.  Not so easy, when you had foregone filling your water skin because of your hangover.
“Why was he waiting?”
“Try me.” It’s earnest, but Tony knows better than to fall for it.
Snow crunches under his boots, and he jumps slightly in place to warm himself.  He isn't wearing as many layers as he usually would when going out, but he didn't want to say his goodbyes in the armor.
He didn’t bother responding.
The gurgling momentarily grew louder, and there was the sound of Steve blowing a raspberry, then baby giggles.
The lock made a decent clunk as it slid back, emitting them into a hallway partially lit with florescent lights.  The doors were grey, the walls a lighter grey, and Tony wanted to vomit.
“You didn’t mope this much when Pepper left you.”
Pepper pounced on him the second he re-emerged from his office, Tony Stark once again. “They need you down in the vault block! You’ll never guess who was breaking in!”
“What about the plane?”
“But – “
“Make fun of me, will ya?  Keep it up, Tony.  I swear, I’ll-“
He draws, because he can’t figure out anything better to do.
Hulk roared, and Stark jumped, the circle flaring to life.
Steve looked like he was trying really hard not to punch the kid.  Tony knew.  No matter how much Steve tried to down play it, D-Day was less than five years away in his memory.  “What’s your name?”
He tells Steve that he has watery eyes, and not to worry about it.
A large-scale electrical failure had occurred.  Oddly.  It left only the most necessary of the life support systems on.  Someone had waltzed in, knocked all the guards unconscious, and had simply smashed the cell doors open.  The only remnant that anyone had even been there was the shredded remains of a straightjacket and a mangled collar.
“It’s
you,” Tony spat.  “Why do you trust him?”
“They’re vintage.  He’s very proud.”  She looked pleased to have ratted him out.
“I know, but . . . how often is it as bad as tonight?”
The man was jabbering about how wonderful it was of them to come, because the conference needed more exposure, ect.  Tony didn’t have the heart to tell him that he had no idea why he was there.  Something about American innovation.  Bullshit about the past and future.
, in this opulent chamber with his armor at his side, a warm blanket draped over his shoulders?
He went down to Tony’s workshop, but was met with blacked-out windows and the thrum of heavy metal through the floor.
There was a relieved silence aside from Steve inhaling and the clickety-clack of the model trains next door.  After a moment, he barked out a sharp laugh.  He looked at daughter of the man with the orange.  “You’re never going to eat an orange again, are you?”
“Just ahead.  Keep up, now,” Steve shouted over his shoulder.
“Oxtail,” Steve said as he dumped the meat back into the broth.
neither of them had ever had.  Something close, staring into each other’s eyes as they sought something tentative and sweet and strong and
As soon as Tony entered, Howard banished the slaves who were cleaning the spilled wine from the night before with vinegar.  One of them fumbled and spilled her jar, which gave Tony a moment to examine the wall as Howard screamed at the girl.
“Nightmares.  I don’t wanna – “
Stark spoke up first.
“That’s the name of the color, diphthong.  Get your hearing aids calibrated.”  Natasha was deciding between
“You bastard –“ Steve lunged forward, but Tony caught him around the chest.
“He’s – he’s figured it out,” Steve ran a hand along the side of his face, dragging it, before throwing the hand palm-up over his eyes and slumping into the couch.  “And he’s – he’s
“Mmm,” Steve murmured drowsily. “You smell like lavender.”
Bucky tromped over to the table and poked through the bottles, gingerly pushing a hot pink towards a nail tech.
“You’re a spy.  You could get
were they making it for?
Especially when the son was intent on being greater than the father.
Uhh, when do you want to-“ Steve stammered, suddenly aware how Peter and Maria had faded politely into the background.
He lets out a soft mewl of contentment, which turns into an annoyed squawk as Steve tosses a fresh set of underwear in his face. “Get dressed. I’ll get your coffee.”
“I gotta head to my meeting in a minute.  You gonna be okay alone for a few hours?”
Steve paused for a long moment.
Steve notices Stark seems to actively avoid eye contact.  Nothing new about that.  People in the twenty-first century are not fond of looking people in the eye.  Whenever he tries, an uneasiness seems to come over them.  (He wonders if the reason Fury is such an effective interrogator is because he’s not afraid of looking anyone in the,
It was quiet after that.  Steve stirred the stew, scraping the sides of the pot every few moments for something to do.  Tony dozed on the couch in the other room, sniffing occasionally and going through digital paperwork when he wasn’t.  It was relatively peaceful.
They polished off three-quarters of the pie in companionable silence.
Tony twisted his pipe as he gritted his teeth. “You and me both, pal.”
But the hotness and potential sappiness, he could handle.  What he can’t handle is how Steve seems to be able to sense the threshold between “I’m in my genius groove” to “I’m neglecting my mental and physical health”.  He’s patient though, bringing Tony food, and moving him to a couch when he falls asleep over a lab table.  He can’t handle that Steve knows exactly when Tony’s had enough socializing, and lets him be as he wards off others from bothering him.  He can’t handle when Steve asks him “Are you okay?”, because he’s not asking “Have you eaten today?” or “Have you slept recently?” or “Is something bleeding?”  He’s asking “Are
“Just a minute,” Steve hadn’t stopped grinning since he had woken up.  He pulled the door open to admit a smiling Bucky.
All the rooms had been personalized to an extent, but Tony now saw that is was just a comfort thing.  No one had really made the place home, not even him.  The cold glass and steel made for impressive views, but didn’t allow in any warmth.  Not that Tony could say he’d ever lived in a warm home.  The house growing up was stiff and formal, the boarding rooms bland and impersonal.  Even his adult homes, while lauded for their masterful architecture and über-modern furnishings, art, and layouts, were nothing if not crafted by someone else.  It made sense, now, why he’d never seen any of the team in their pajamas or leaving their bits of themselves on tables and chairs.
Something smelled like his mother.
Title from a traditional Spartan woman saying.
Tony picked at his mother’s embroidery on his himation.  “Then why’s he doing this?”
After the last dancer had slipped from the room, it was silent for a moment.
The solitude of his small room and lukewarm water was luxury by comparison.
“I’ve had my fair share of crappy dads.”
It was cold.  His head ached.  Where was he?  Was he hung-over?  That wouldn’t be a first.  But it didn’t feel like he had been drinking, more like he had locked himself in his workshop and had not been properly nourished in several days.  He was starving.  He was lying on a cot.  It was
He gazed out of the cockpit window, out into the water.  He’d lived in those waters for nigh-on seventy years.  “Well, I hope I’m the man for the job.”
"Because I have to do this alone."
“Who are we doing this for?”
Tony ended up sprawled on the floor, head in her lap as Maria stroked his hair with one hand and ran her bone needle threaded with gold along the edge of the garment, which was for him.  She made all the proper gasps of surprise in all the right places, flinching when Tony described the rotting head.
“Hi.”
Who’d of thunk it would apply to fucking
After all the legends and stories he’d heard over the years, Tony should have assumed that much of Steve’s true person wasn’t well known.  Tony suspected now that Howard barely knew the man at all.  Peggy’s testimonies we probably the most reliable, but she was always reluctant to share them and were always tinged with sadness when she did.
His father screamed at him that geology wasn’t a proper field of science.  One November night after finishing a bottle of scotch, Howard gathered up the rocks and minerals and threw them in the duck pond.  The next morning, a brand new soldering iron was hissing and cracking on a sponge, and a dizzying assortment of freshly taped resistors rested where the magnifying glasses once stood.
“Soup’s on,” he shouted to Tony.
Steve was staring out in the direction of the sea, but somehow, he seemed to be staring to someplace much farther away.  “Sometimes I come up here to look at the stars.  Like I used to sneak up Mount Lykabettos.  There were higher mountains, but nowhere quite so secluded.”
.  We’re not allowed to have pancakes without the birthday boy.”
It punches him through.  How long has it been since he last heard Steve’s voice?  He sounds tired.
With a sigh, he slumps back in the deck chair and lets his head loll to the side. He closes his eyes, and wills something to happen. A tornado to form, someone to attack New York, his phone to buzz with a report saying that Reed Richards had finally reached maximum elasticity and will be forced to spend the rest of his life with a distended asshole. Anything.
“So, this all seems . . . horrible.”
The snick of the cap withdrew Tony from is revelry for a moment.  Steve poured a moderate amount of the lube into Tony’s belly button, running a slick hand over Tony’s aching cock.  Then Steve moved a pair of slick fingers behind himself and hissed.
Bruce nodded.  “I guess it’d be nice.  It’s not like I have plans.  And I won’t mind celebrating Steve’s birthday.  Those firefighters know how to party.”
“Steve, I’m a
The pristine sports car waited in the scraggly bushes. Tony landed as softly as he could, which was to say, rather harshly, jarring his kneecaps. Redesigned schematics floated through his head as he disassembled the armor into his attaché case. It was time for new armor, not that this armor hadn’t served him well. But there were so many new ideas to improve, to better, and Iron Man needed to be the best it was possible to be.
“I thought humans were more evolved than this.”
okay, but Steve would try and fix it.
Carol recovers enough to slap him on the shoulder, right as he’s taking a bite. She wraps an arm around his neck and hangs off him limply as he hacks.  “You were just so
Tony reluctantly let go of Steve’s arm, shaking the overly enthusiastic stiff hand before allowing Steve to take his turn.
Steve lifted Shapanka off of Tony and hurled him down the hallway. The man stumbled but managed to catch his feet. “You heard Mister Stark,” Steve said through bared teeth, “
to be, right?  There was no way Steve could not be the offspring of a god.  Perhaps Thetis’ second son . . . ?  But no, Fury had mentioned his mother being a priestess of Asklepius.  Asklepius then?  She would not have been the first priestess to bear a child to the god she honored.  But no, it didn’t seem quite right.  Zeus was always a good default guess.  Steve certainly had the aura of power.  But still, something didn’t fit . . . .
.  “Reading up on the fall of the Soviet?”  Steve doesn’t say anything.  “Worst Christmas of my life.  Had a lot of shitty ones, but that year?  Took the fuckin’ cake.  Even if I don’t remember much of it.”
“Um. Maybe.”  He unceremoniously shoves the pile of wire away, turns to stand, and hits is foot on a 33 1/3 RPM turntable.  Swearing, he picks it up and gently places it on the pile of wire.
‘spressive eyes, Tones.  Like,
“Don’t assume you know anything about how to operate here.  Forget what you’ve learned; you’re starting over, clean slate.”
“You should have left you armor on for that.”
Tony has his thermal mitten off and an armored gauntlet on when a resounding
“The big guy didn’t wanna walk in on you two fucking on the couch,” Clint called over from the table, as he plopped down and swung his boots up to rest on the edge.
Answers. And all he has right now are questions.
“You didn’t,” Rhodey said.
And because he had a death wish: “Want me to check over your stitches?”
Once inside, Tony was able to see Steve dragging himself out of the water onto a sort of rock platform.  With a grunt, he pushed through the last couple of stokes and scrambled up behind him.
