"I'm lucky, now, to be surrounded with so many wonderful people."  He looked at his plate.  "In fact, I'm thinking about coming out to a few others."
"No," she told him, shaking her head.  He didn't care about her, not like that.  So what was he trying to prove to himself?
There was a chorus of disappointment from the children as they realised there were no more presents, and Castiel volunteered to show Santa the way out.
Dean spent most of the day bent over the engine, and was kept so busy that he didn't even have time to call home at lunch to check how Castiel was doing as he'd promised he would.
Castiel fiddled with the camera until the lens zoomed out and the screen at the back showed him the dirt at his feet.  He raised it and focused it on the lone black llama.
Balthazar's other friends didn't take long to arrive.  Some were already slightly wobbly on their feet because they'd had pre-drink drinks, and he looked away when he caught Meg staring at him.
The touch didn't last long, but it was enough to quell Castiel's insecurities.  For now, at least.  He had faith that Dean would be able to trust his own feelings, in time.
" she asked suspiciously.  "Because if the end of that sentence was going to be 'ever considered a threesome' I am kicking you out on your ass."
"We tell women they need to be pure, men that they need to be strong.  So yeah, we fear assault.  It's an attack on her purity, his masculinity.  It's why the xenomorph in
His protests sounded weak even to his own ears, lost in his laughter.  But nevertheless, Castiel complied and stepped away.
"I guess.  A bit.  And it hasn't been like old times, not totally, but I'm glad I came.  I want to come back."
Cas usually had Hawaiian, but he fancied something different.  "I think I'll try the spicy chicken.  But I'll ask them to put tomatoes on it as well."
Words got stuck in Castiel's throat, so he simply pulled his arm out of Dean's grasp and retreated into the hallway, shaking his head as he went.  Tears pricked his eyes as he locked up behind him, Balthazar's words in his mind telling him to stay strong.  It seemed to have gotten colder in the twenty minutes he'd spent in Dean's apartment, and he shivered.
"Sometimes I'm okay with this.  But sometimes that feeling's there, and I'm..."  He swallowed, then moved to sit up so that he was looking at Cas.  "I'm sorry if it makes you feel like crap."
Castiel laughed.  "I know you would, because you're a good parent."  He nudged Dean playfully in the ribs.  "But I think he wants to see everything
"I won't be going to church tomorrow," said, eyes darting around the diner. Everywhere that wasn't at Dean.
Once the flaps were firmly tucked in place, and muffled sad noises could be heard from within, Dean asked, "
"One foot... in front of the other..." Castiel told him, attempting to demonstrate on the ground until his legs were straight out in front of him.  He squinted as he became surrounded in bright light, and Dean turned to see the cab pulling up beside them.
"Then talk to me," she urged him.  "The sooner you open up about your problems, the sooner we can talk through them and help you find solutions to them.  Then, maybe, you won't need to come back."
too much pressure on yourself.  I'm nervous, yes, but I don't expect you to be some kind of... of... sex god!  We'll figure it out -
"I'm not the one pushing him away," Dean argued.  "He's made it perfectly clear he wants nothing to do with me."
The gulls all squawked their displeasure at not being fed as they binned the paper wrapper and walked back up to the car, wiping their greasy fingers on their t-shirts. Most of the stalls were being packed up, now, and Dean ran ahead to catch one guy.
Cas nodded.  "I was considered a good son until I confessed my sexuality - without really understanding what it
"Answer me truthfully," Jo said, placing a soda down in front of Dean.  "Does this whole 'new you' have
"I know I should be spending it on my degree, but it would also allow me to finally change my name or book a block of driving lessons."  He'd been surprised at how expensive it was to legally change your name, and he was doing so well with his driving theory that he was impatient to get behind the wheel.
"Not really.  Well, maybe a little.  But not really.  Look, I don't really want to talk about it.  I'm here, now, okay?"
"I like having you here," he smiled, his gaze dropping to his bare feet.  He watched his toes tap out a nervous rhythm on the floor.  "But you know," he added, "you
He kissed Cas, who took several small steps away until the backs of his legs found the sofa.  He sat down, Dean straddling his legs as their lips never parted.
The moment gone, they ate in an uncomfortable silence for a minute before Cas gestured to the car Dean had been working on.  "That's a beautiful car."
Dean couldn't pretend not to notice Cas's erection as he buried his face into his neck, but neither said anything about it. As Cas gently stroked his hands up and down Dean's back, - never venturing below his waist - he suddenly remembered the soup.
"Cas didn't want to leave; he was only doing what he thought was best for his own well-being.  As soon as you made it clear you wished to pursue a relationship with him, he came back.  So I think it really does matter."  Pamela picked up her glass of water and took several gulps.  Holding it up to Dean, she asked, "Would you say this glass is half empty or half full?"
"They...  They..."  Dean grabbed the wheel and leaned forward, leaned forward, all but hyperventilating.  "What are we, Cas?" he mumbled, once his breathing was under control again.
Cas watched Bobby interact with Chuck from where he was kneeling under the desk, scooping up the kitten's poop.  Seeing the way his boss had taken a liking to the tiny kitten helped reassure him that he was making the right choice.
Sam seemed to have the same realisation, because he coughed awkwardly on the other end of the line.  "I'll, uh...  Bye, Dean."
likes how much you drink," she pointed out.  "But if we don't serve you here, you'd just go somewhere else - somewhere with nobody to look out for you."
Castiel hadn't let himself think of it, not really.  The worry had been there, though, festering in the dark recesses of his mind.  As usual, Pamela had turned her torch on it and banished the shadows, focusing his attention on it.
"I'd love to move in with you.  Officially," he smiled.  "If you still want me to, I want to sign the lease."
"Okay.  But if I think you're not up to it, I'll send you home.  And I won't hear any arguments about it."
"Category A means crushed.  Absolutely no salvaging any part of it," he said, tapping his forefinger.  Moving to the next finger, he continued, "B gets crushed too, but you can salvage parts from it.  C and D are repairable, but the costs of repairing the vehicle are greater than the value of the car so it's not really worth it."
An electronic whistling rang out, easily heard above the hustle and bustle of the supermarket, and Dean started patting himself down.  When he pulled his phone out he looked at the screen and declared that he had to take it.
"It's been hard for you," Cas agreed.  Licking his lips, he briefly considered not adding anything further.  "You've denied a part of who you are your entire adult life.  That's not an easy thing to reconcile."
"It's almost as long as my brother's is.  Was," Dean corrected himself after a moment's pause.  "When I last saw him, at least."
It was about half past midnight when Castiel heard Dean come home. He quickly pulled a t-shirt over his head and stepped into his jeans, before heading to the bathroom. He knocked quietly on the bathroom door, which swung open to reveal Dean hunched over the toilet. There was a glass next to the sink, so he quickly filled it with water and handed it to Dean.
Dean didn't sleep well that night.  He tossed and turned, occasionally slipping into a fitful doze.  He dreamt that he was a stuffed bear, and Cas and Cassie were children fighting over him; each holding onto an outstretched arm and pulling, pulling, pulling until he thought he'd tear in two.
Castiel tried to smile as he coughed, eyes streaming, but he'd feel a lot better about it if Meg wasn't cackling at him.
"I hate you both," Ben told them once they had finished attacking him.  "But even if I hadn't know, I'd have figured it out pretty quickly."
"Well, yes," Castiel said, still gathering his things together, because clearly it was the answer Dean was expecting. "Dean?"
"Oh, yeah, go eat," Sam said.  "Sometimes I forget the rest of the world doesn't get up as early as me.  But I like to get a morning run in before work, so..."
"No!" Dean said, a little too quickly.  "I mean, it's fine.  You're carrying enough.  I just need a second."
"Yes, you did.  And that's okay.  It's not going to help you if you lie to yourself about what you want, or how you feel.  Know that
"Hey, that's cheating!" Benny protested, watching in dismay as the white ball sank into the corner pocket.
"Our brains can be rather pessimistic, and have a tendency to jump to the wrong conclusions - the things we fear, or are conditioned to fear, the most.  So that shadow on the wall, just at the edge of your vision, is always a spider in your mind - until you
clean it up - together - because I gave as good as I got," Dean insisted, before a lump of potato in Cas' hair caught his gaze.  "You've got food in your hair," he told him, reaching over to run his fingers through that strand of thick hair, picking the piece of potato out as their gazes locked.  They were silent for a few seconds before Dean licked his lips nervously and pulled back a little, dropping the potato onto Cas's plate.  "I hope you were finished with that."
As suddenly as Castiel was on him, he pulled away again.  "I'm sorry, I—  Thank you.  You don't need to feel bad that someone else enjoyed these before I will."
Dean shifted in his seat, obviously not wanting to discuss it, but replied, "In group sessions I just listened.  In our one-to-one sessions I mostly just glared at her."  He didn't expect Castiel to start laughing.  "What?"
Castiel laughed like it was the funniest thing he'd ever heard, and Dean laughed at how hard Castiel was laughing. But then it hit him that that was just another example of how much he seemed to have missed out on growing up.
"Look," he said eventually, "I know that most women don't look like that in real life – but at the end of the day, I just want something I can jerk off to."
"Because you're a damn good mechanic!  And because I'd hate to think where you'd end up if I let you go!"
"You're not my housekeeper, okay? Cleaning the kitchen was one thing, but the whole damned apartment? It's too much."
of this fear.  You might not always be aware of what you're doing, as some self-destructive behaviours - like drinking, or gambling, or even casual sex - can often start out as a habit, but pose the danger of becoming
"You know what I mean."  Talking about the river made Dean think about the night he pulled Cas out of it.  If he hadn't been there, and if Cas hadn't gotten caught up in any overhanging undergrowth, the river might have carried his body right through town.  It had been raining all week, and the river had been deeper than usual.  He wouldn't have stood a chance.  "What were you thinking, sleeping beside the river?"
"Wearing my deodorant already, I see!" Dean laughed. "Well it didn't take you long to make yourself at home."
"Well the last time you were in hospital it was because you'd got drunk and nearly wrapped your car around a tree."
Dean sat down beside him, careful not to get tangled up in his wool, and pecked Cas on the cheek.  "I know.  I'm sorry."
"Well, it's not disgusting," Dean said, taking another sip.  "But I don't know if I'd have it again."
"I don't know, Dean.  It's so confusing.  I know what he believes, because I used to believe the same.  But the way Father Reynold's speaks of God creates doubt in my mind."
A grateful smile tugged one side of Dean's mouth upwards, and for a second Castiel  thought that he was going to break his own rule and kiss him.
Dean scoffed.  "Whatever."  He narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously.  "But why do you have to take notes?"
"You're not wasting her time, Dean," Sam assured him.  "But from the sound of it, things are going really well.  And I'm glad."
Cas let out a frustrated, yet defeated, sigh.  It was clearly a topic they were not going to agree on and, though he thought Dean could be a little more accepting of his views, he knew he wasn't going to win the argument.  Dean would argue the car's flaws based on performance, whereas Cas simply found its aesthetic attractive.
Cas relaxed slightly, but couldn't help the small chuckle that escaped his mouth. In a twisted way, he found it funny that Dean – a damn near stranger – cared more about his wellbeing than anyone else in his family ever had, and the thought made his stomach twist. "You're a good man, Dean."
I remember!"  Realisation dawned on Dean.  "Did you...  Was that because of the girl with the toes?"
Dean's protest fell on deaf ears.  "I gave you a free pass on the drink driving charge, which could have cost me my job.  Two fights, two strikes.  Third strike, you're out.  You've got one last chance to get your act together, because the next time I'll haul your ass to court
The look on Balthazar's face had made Cas wonder if he was speaking from personal experience, but he had decided against asking.
Dean glanced over at him.  "Yeah, I guess you're right.  I kind of feel like maybe I ruined the mood a little, though."
"Because she's dead?" Dean reminded her.  "She died when I was four - she's got nothing to do with anything."
"It's cool, Cas. She had a thing for me a few years back, but really she's like a sister to me, you know? And, eh," he looked over to Jo and tried to decide if she was out of earshot. "Don't tell Jo, but Ellen scares me."
Dean sighed, but dutifully stood and helped Cas put fresh sheets on the mattress.  Then they put clean covers on the duvet and pillows.
"You know we don't care, right?  ...  I mean, that you're both... well, guys.  Mom and Ash'll be cool with it."
As Balthazar and the girl quietened down, Castiel dried himself off and went to eat his supper.  He found that the wine burned a little on the way down, but it didn't mess with his head the way the tequila had on Balthazar's birthday.
Dean poked at a pancetta cube with a spoon, wondering if it was crispy enough yet.  "Eh," he shrugged, tossing the sprouts into the pan.  "You're like a little kitchen wizard," he told Cas once he started putting food on the table.  "Like a domestic Gandalf or something."
Dean stared at Castiel's mouth.  A moment ago he'd been sucking on the lip Cas was currently biting, and his face had been lax with pleasure instead of strained with tension.  His eyes lowered to Cas's exposed neck, the prominent Adam's apple, and was overcome with the urge to lick, kiss, and nibble every inch of his skin.  He trailed his fingers over Cas's neck, his lips parting and jaw trembling as he spoke Dean's name like a curse and dug his fingers into his hips.
"I don't know.  ...  I mean, yeah.  Probably.  ...  Where?  ...  Okay, yeah.  Fine.  ...  We'll be there."
“Nothing great,” Bobby said, twisting his foot on the floor like he was crushing something under his boot. He looked at Cas who was snapping something small in half. All around them were tiny, pink pieces of plastic and a crate of music boxes that was overturned—their out-of-sync, tinkling melodies slowing to a stop.
“I’m fine Dean. I’m looking forward to getting home. To Bobby’s,” Cas almost cut himself off with the last two words, like he was correcting himself.
Cas stopped at the edge of the driveway. “I need your blood,” he said, grabbing Dean’s hand. “May I?” he asked as he pulled a knife from his pocket.
“You said it yourself, Dean. This is about survival. In the last twenty-four hours we’ve been attacked. You almost died. We drove past starving, helpless people covered in burns. You’ve built barriers around Bobby’s property.” Dean could hear Cas shifting in his seat, and reached for the Zippo he kept in his jacket pocket to light the small tea candle they kept outside.
“I killed those people,” Cas said, taking a step towards him. Dean’s shoulders slumped, pain shooting between his shoulder blades. “I killed them because it needed to be done and I would kill another five, or fifty, or fifty thousand people to protect any one good thing left on this planet.”
The next few days were quiet, except for the sound of Sam’s wracked breathing from the bedroom. They took turns sticking their head in the door putting food and water beside the bed, usually leaving with what they’d brought in earlier, still untouched.
“Nah, it’s a—” he stopped again, waiting for the burn in his face to subside. “It’s a sigil or a spooky… thing.” Dean was mad at himself, frustrated because he was looking for a case to get moving, for the first time in so long he felt like
“Cas,” Dean hissed, flushing at the scrape of Cas’ teeth across a spot that was apparently connected directly to his dick. “Hey, hey, wait.”
The light in the yard had turned off—when, Dean couldn’t say— and the lamp was casting a dim glow throughout the room. It was warm inside, and the yellow light and the browns and reds of the leather books and worn furniture helped soothe Dean’s mind. It helped him forget about the gaping wounds that had been torn open that night.
In the rush of the morning, he hadn’t had a chance to talk to Sam or Bobby. Probably for the best, he thought. That wasn’t a conversation he could handle in his physically fragile state. He tried to measure his breathing to calm the anxiety tearing through his chest, but it didn’t help. He knew if he didn’t say anything, Bobby wouldn’t. But Sam would hunt him down the second he could to force a heart-to-heart on him.
There was a narrow shelf that ran the length of the wall above his bed, so he picked up a couple of his old knives and balanced them on the ledge, leaning them against the wall so they were on display and not just lying flat. Next to those he put a stake from one of his first hunts with John, and beside that, a shotgun that barely fired anymore but that he’d held onto for years. It was the one he had with him the first night he met Cas in a cascade of sparks—and he never really understood why he’d held onto it, but it looked right above his bed. Like it belonged.
He swung the door open and looked down the dark stairwell, wondering if maybe that’s where Cas was hiding. He took each step slowly, enjoying the way they creaked beneath his weight like a song. When he got to the bottom, he considered going back up, just so he could listen to it again. But as he flicked on the light, he got distracted by the piles of Bobby’s things in every corner of the main room.
“That’s the point, Dean. I don’t want to go without you. Let’s go for a drive. Maybe we can turn it into a small supply run—”
They’d only been in the bunker a week, and most of that time had been spent searching through the storerooms to get to the demon tablet. Their things were still pretty scattered—except, obviously, their food, which Dean had spent a ridiculous amount of time setting out and organizing in the kitchen.
Dean swallowed. His throat was so dry it burned. “You’re gonna be ok. We’re gonna get you taken care of.” He stroked his hand awkwardly through dark, wild hair, before moving his clothes out of the way to look at the damage near the angel’s collarbone. Shifting Cas in his arms as gently as he could, he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the wound wasn’t open. It was ugly, but it wasn’t open. Dean carefully ran his thumb over the already-healing scab and onto the bruised flesh that surrounded it. Cas’ breath hitched but he didn’t flinch. Dean felt rough stubble catch against his own.
Dean didn’t care that they were in public, he didn’t care who could see them. All he knew was skin and electricity and want.
“I would like to leave this room. It’s making me… testy,” Cas said, looking around the room with a suspicious squint.
People started pointing fingers. It was the Russians. It was North Korea. There weren’t any answers, but that didn’t stop people from being afraid. It could happen again, people said. Protect your family at all costs. Protect yourself. Everyone is the enemy.
His stomach dropped when she took a cardboard sleeve from the counter and wrote something on it, passing it to Cas as he handed over her coffee.
As the fire caught the curtains hanging near the window, Dean could make out bright blue eyes that radiated through the haze.
“Yeah,” Afriel agreed, but did it with a frown. “Might be nice to help out a little around here, though.”
“Shut the hell up and sit down for a second so we can tell you how to kill a Knight of Hell,” Bobby ordered, gesturing to the book on the table in front of him.
“Do we still have that rope in the car?” Dean asked, already moving to the trunk. “We could tie it to that chunk of tree and use this heap of junk to drag it away. We’d get the whole thing down if we’re careful.”
When Dean saw the large, fabric-wrapped square that Sam was trying to undress with his eyes, he said, “Guess this is shelf 2B,” and reached out to grab it.
Dean should be used to it by now. Really, he shouldn’t be surprised. And if Cas was anyone else, the way the two men in the front seat turned to gape at him un unison, he may have found their reactions funny.
Cas looked up at him through dark lashes as he reverently kissed his way from one hip to the other, bracing himself above Dean on the mattress.
“You need to go see Rowena?” he asked the incredibly non-human and absolutely made-for-him angel that was breathing heavily against his salt-sticky skin.
Back in the warm, well-lit library, Dean scowled at Bobby. “Have a nice afternoon?” he asked, still brushing cobwebs off of his shirt.
Dean snapped out of it and swore as he slowed to turn the car around to backtrack to his exit. Bobby’s car was stopped behind them, before the turnoff, and Dean tossed them a shy wave of acknowledgement before taking a too-fast turn in the right direction.
“Ya think?” Dean snapped. He turned on his heel to go grab the map from Sam’s seat. This wasn’t good. It wasn’t bad, not
Dean had barely crossed the threshold of their bedroom before Cas was on him, wrapping his arms around his waist from behind and pressing his mouth against the nape of his neck. Dean sighed as he dropped his head back and pulled him closer.
Dean winced. He was searching his mind for the right words to fix this, to make Cas understand where he was coming from, how it wasn’t about
“Without getting too specific, Sammy? It was a great night.” He flashed him a grin and went back to measuring out stale grounds they’d stocked up on during their last run, humming the chorus to
Bobby looked particularly uneasy, but it turned out he could trust Charlie, too—after a short conversation with Cas.
They’d been on a hunt down in southern Texas, close to the Mexican border, hunting a Chupacabra that had been terrorizing people crossing the desert. Even there you could hear it, a wave of sound. And by the time they got to a radio, more than a quarter of the population of the United States had been killed—so instantly and so thoroughly it’s like they’d never existed. Tens of millions of people, with more dying every day.
There was a weak, flickering light coming from beneath the door, but when he glanced over at Cas, he was already looking down at it with his brows knitted together.
“Alright, alright. Let me help you out,” Dean said, quieting his laughter. He put his beer down on the counter and reached over to help Cas smooth things out with his restless wings.
As Dean ran through the inventory of what they had in the trunk, trying to figure out how much it would last them, Sam cleared his throat.
There were eight long rows of trailers, divided by a paved road that ran through the middle of the park. They split up between them; Dean stepped around a pane of smashed glass and looked around the end of his second row. Nothing. But really, he wasn’t surprised. There was barely a structure left standing and any that were had a wall or two missing.
Without another word, they all climbed back into their cars and headed back from where they came—a little closer to the highway, a little further away from the heart of town—and pulled into the parking lot of the motel.
If maybe one or two of the t-shirts he grabbed were a little snug, Dean figured it would be easy enough to play innocent.
Dean poured the rest of his beer in his mouth and put his second bottle beside the first, wishing he’d grabbed a third. Or the rye that was in the cupboard. He wiped his hands together to rid them of the sticky residue from the peeled label and nodded. “Yeah, good idea.”
He could feel Sam glancing in his direction but Dean refused to acknowledge it. He didn’t know what his brother’s problem was, but he was still buzzing. Not from the booze, but from an uncomfortable itch that spread throughout his upper body. His skin felt hot despite the cold. He just needed to keep his head clear, his mind on the road and off of his brother.
Dean went upstairs to change, finally stripping off the blood-encrusted clothes he’d been wearing for the last two days, and washed up with some of the water they kept upstairs. He looked at himself in the bathroom mirror, mind blank, and left the room to go find Cas.
“Guys!” Sam yelled from his corner of the room. The other three men poked their heads into the centre aisle like meerkats before following the sound of Sam’s voice.
Cas was suddenly standing on the far side of the car, startling Dean and zapping away any semblance of confidence he’d managed to scrape together. “I was with him, and Dean is correct,” Cas affirmed solemnly.
The first thing Cas did was drink about a pot of coffee to get his bearings and eat the oatmeal Sam had made that morning for breakfast, grimacing at the texture of the flavourless paste. Dean added some canned peaches to make it more palatable and Cas hummed as he ate, remarking on the sweetness of the soft fruit.
Sam had dug through Bobby’s supplies and the bunker storerooms to collect most of the ingredients he’d been using for the wasted spells, but Dean was only half paying attention to what was going on. He chimed in when necessary, but spent his time cleaning and loading the Colt. It wasn’t a weapon they used often, in fact, they tried not to use the thing at all, but he figured it might come in useful during whatever fight they had to shoot their way through next. And it would definitely take down two low-level angels if things went bad.
“Nah,” Dean said, quickly turning to flash a smile into the backseat—not managing to catch blue eyes with his own, “It’s gonna be good to get home. I never thought I’d say it, but this is one road trip I’m looking forward to the end of.”
He threw Sam’s last bag in his room, and carried the rest into his own room, opening it up and digging out some of the things he’d kept close over the years, even after the apocalypse.
After a few moments of sitting in silence, Dean felt things he didn’t want to say rise in his throat before he could stop them.
The war in Heaven raged on, just as Afriel and Turiel predicted, for eons, as the world turned beneath them. Without the demon tablet, the Host couldn’t force Lucifer and his army out of Heaven. But even with it, there would have been no stopping the unremitting rage of the fallen—like trying to extinguish the fires of Hell with a piece of stone.
“Happy to hear from me?” she laughed, crackling, somehow seeing through him despite the uneven signal.
But Dean remembered what Cas had said to him at Charlie’s. More than remembered. Dean had been replaying, dissecting, and agonizing over it since that day. And as they all dug into their dinners, Dean cleared his throat.
“The world is shit. It always has been,” he looked down at his hands. “It’s just now, more people have to face it.”
“You,” Cas rasped. “You told me you didn’t care that I was broken, that you didn’t care if I died,” he finally reached out and shoved Dean once, angelic strength forcing him back to hit the wall harder than a normal push would. “And then you don’t talk to me for days. You can’t even look at me.” He looked lost, like he was trying to find answers where Dean didn’t have any.
“It’s ok,” Dean assured, quieting him with a touch. He rolled his neck and took a breath as he turned to his brother and uncle, who were looking back at him with perfectly open faces. “Me n’ Cas. He, uh. We…”
Cas handed Bobby the can of gas he’d disappeared to collect, and they all stood outside while Bobby spread the gasoline throughout the house. Before joining them out front, he pulled down one of the hubcaps that had decorated the worn siding since Dean could remember, carefully holding it under his arm.
Before he could even get the words out, Cas was pressing in once more, his mouth running over the outline of Dean’s cock trapped under his jeans, hot breath burning through the denim. Dean’s hands tightened in Cas’ hair, and it was taking every shred of strength he had not to push Cas closer, to take more.
When he looked back up at Cas, he was watching Dean’s slick fingers slide against each other like he was hypnotized by it. The brilliance was back, but it was different—hotter than before. Cas grabbed his hand, covering his own in the oil before reaching forward to gently cup the side of Dean’s face. The scent was overwhelming as it spread over his skin, and Cas was staring at him with so much intensity Dean was sure his entire body was some shade of red.
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry for all the dumb shit I said before about… the wings. I actually think they’re, uh, pretty cool. And I shouldn’t have gone off like that. I shouldn’t have let you go either, but it was easier than admitting I’m a total dumbass.” It was always embarrassing talking to no one, but it was even worse when he was getting stonewalled. “Yeah,” he finished lamely. “Okay.”
“Hey. It’s because of you we’re not lying somewhere with a few dozen bullet holes in us. The three of us couldn’t have taken down those hunters on our own. That was all you, man.” Dean ran his hands down Cas’ arms and grabbed his wrists, feeling the faint pulse point there beneath his fingertips.
The earth moved beneath him and Dean had to put his hands on Cas’ hips to catch his balance, pulling him closer as chapped lips and warm puffs of air spread across his skin. Cas was moving slowly, savouring every inch, every damn molecule, as he worked his way to the corner of Dean’s mouth. But there, so close, Cas paused. He was shaking with the effort of keeping skill, waiting for permission even as Dean’s hands held him tight enough to bruise.
Cas looked at Dean, and Dean definitely hated the concern on his face more than the throat lump. “Whether Dean leaves, or we destroy the structure,” Cas turned to address the room, “It won’t be an easy transition for him.”
They threw their clothes in garbage bags and packed those last, shoving them into the gaps between the books and booze.
“John’s father was part of a group called the Men of Letters. In 1958, they were killed by a group of demons who were after what we’re after now,” Turiel explained as Afriel shredded napkins from the rusted dispenser. “The tablet is one of many, but this particular tablet, the demon tablet, is one that can help us force Lucifer and his army out of Heaven. We can use it to seal Him back away in Hell.”
Dean stood, taking a stabilizing breath and swung open the door, a confident grin stapled into place.
“It’s how I found you and Sam. I called Bobby on one of the numbers you saved on my phone, and he gave me the approximate coordinates of your location.”
Dean couldn’t focus on anything. He couldn’t putter anymore. He couldn’t sit and listen to Sam anymore. He couldn’t pace outside of his brother’s door anymore, only to be told to get out when he tried to talk to him.
“You want me to say sorry for saving your life? You didn’t see what you looked like. You didn’t see—” he didn’t want to drag Sam through his shit, so he stopped before he could paint him a picture of what he looked like on his deathbed.
Sam pulled Cas up to help him move to the debris-covered couch. Dean stood, trying to keep steady until giving up to collapse next to Cas, wiping the sweat and dirt from his face with the hand that wasn’t covered in blood. He felt Sam’s weight land beside him.
The corner of Cas’ mouth lifted in a small smile. “Dean, I can help improve it. There are some Enochian wards I could use.”
“Spill it, or I spill you.” He knew the bullet wouldn’t kill him, but if he could get the angels’ eyes off the others for a second, maybe someone could get to the holy oil.
“What do you mean?” Sam asked, not quite meeting his brother’s eyes as Dean twisted in his chair to look at him.
“What’s wrong?” Dean tried to control his breathing as Cas leaned his head back against the brick, looking down at Dean with a cocked brow even as he continued to slowly writhe against him.
“Honestly, what’s taking them so long?” Afriel asked, twiddling her thumbs the way she’d heard humans do. It should have been boring, but she was captivated by the way she was able to control her vessel’s appendages—as rudimentary as they were.
He followed her out from under the tent and looked around for his family. They were saying their goodbyes to a few of the other Lawrence residents, so Dean took a moment to look at Charlie, taking her in before stepping in close to wrap his arms around her. He smiled into her hair as her arms circled his waist.
Dean cleared his throat. “How d’ya like that, Sammy?” he said too loudly. “Looks like we’re not the main characters anymore.” The other two men just looked at him. “Alright then, Cas. Want to join me outside? Learn how we do things at
“Pretty sure I found a family of possums in 104,” Dean said, rejoining his brother where he was trying to figure out a way to open the sealed doors. Of course, they opened with a magnetic key card, meaning they couldn’t just jimmy the lock open. They’d need electricity.
“Why don’t you take the next leg,” he said. “Driver picks the music?” He flashed the most charming Dean Winchester grin he could manage, but it wasn’t flirty or lewd. It was sincere, the beginning of his very long apology.
“Pretty much.” Dean leaned over the side of his bed and grabbed a drink out of his bag. Sitting back up with a groan, he spun off the cap and took a swig.
“Bobby, you’ve got—” Dean pointed to his own forehead, and Bobby wiped again, trying to get the dirt off.
“What the hell,” Sam said, and Bobby’s body language seemed to echo the sentiment. Well, that and the stream of profanities he was muttering loud enough for them all to hear.
“There was so much talking.” Cas laid back on the bed, his feet still on the floor. It was the closest the angel had ever come to sounding sulky.
But he’d already crossed that line, and he knew it. The water was rushing over his head and filling his lungs and no matter how much of this coffee he drank, the acid wouldn’t burn through the goddamn butterflies he felt every time he laid eyes on that friggin’ angel.
, but anything he could have said was stuck in the back of his throat. He lifted his hand to touch Cas’ face, to try and make him see, but Cas pushed it away. He felt desperate—
“Bobby filled me in on what happened,” he said, and when Dean looked up at him from the growing fire, he saw his brother’s face was pinched in all the wrong places. It was a bad sign.
“So what does the paper say?” Sam asked Dean, as he was pulling the envelope out of his coat. Guess part of the spell made sure whatever was in his fancy suit pocket got transferred into his dirty work coat. He wished he’d shoved a few bottles of beer in his pockets.
“Good morning,” Cas said as he entered the room. Dean hid a smile at the fact he was still wearing his trench coat even in the warmth of the library.
“That’s my intention,” Cas said with filthy depth. He pulled Dean forward and spread him open to add his mouth and tongue to where his fingers were pressed and Dean was caught helplessly in his storm.
“When I said I’m yours.” He wanted to hide, to find some delicious stretch of skin to press into, but he kept his eyes locked on Cas. “I meant it.”
“We have many varieties, Dean,” Cas said. “Would you like drip coffee, an espresso, a blonde-blend cortado? We’re also offering a seasonal latte with a… peppermint stick.” Cas’ face tightened as he held up a glass jar filled with red-and-green spiralled candy canes, like he’d been forced to do it at gunpoint.
Dean tried to start over. “I didn’t mean,” he breathed out air through his nose in frustration. “You know what I’m trying to say here?”
It was a woman. She was settled next to a rusted, teal moped, with her hands spread in the air. Her red hair was pulled back and she was wearing a filthy Star Wars t-shirt under a dirt-matted green coat.
He stretched and scratched and realized Cas had left early again. When he had a morning shift it made sense, but Dean could have sworn he said he wasn’t working until the afternoon.
Sam took a deep breath, like he was holding something in, and smiled sadly, “Me too,” is all he said.
“Hey, Cas,” he said, distracted as he dropped it into place on the left side of the bed. He shifted it around a little, trying to get it to sit right. Satisfied, he stood back and turned to face Cas.
“I understand,” Cas said. He moved up the bed to settle in beside Dean who inched over to give him more room.
“You picking up anything with those Jedi powers of yours? Are we alone in here or what?” Dean shone his flashlight down an aisle that should have been filled with canned food but was picked completely clean.
Sam rushed over to his brother, who was collapsed on one knee in the dead leaves. “Dean? What happened?”
“I’ll give you to the count of three to get the hell off my lot,” Bobby said with venom. Dean focused on Rufus’ hateful smirk, seeing almost nothing else, and imagined driving a fist right down his throat.
After a few moments of silence, except for Dean’s laboured breathing and the brush of skin against denim, Cas whispered, “Good,” so deep and close that Dean could feel it under his skin.
“Cas? What’re you—” Dean was already breathless watching him, at each featherweight touch of Cas’ lips.
Cas’ face twisted, and he buried his face into Dean’s shoulder. Dean let him rest there, and as he wrapped his arms around him, he held his friend as the world continued to die outside of the room they were hiding away in together.
That was one of the reasons Dean didn’t like the plan. There was something obscene about the way Cas was so cavalier about revisiting that time in his life, in both of their lives, that had yanked something out of Dean—something he’d been trying put back in since the very second those words left his mouth.
Cas was hovering near the Impala’s passenger door, looking pensive. They needed to get moving if they wanted to hit Lawrence before nightfall.
The barbecue had been kicked over in the shuffle, and smoke thickened the air obstructing Dean’s view of the attacking group. They needed to get out of there. Now. He tried to stand but stumbled, cursing under his breath and trying to hold his insides together. That knife got him good. He tried to look at the wound, but couldn’t see anything beyond the dark, dripping stain that was soaking his shirt.
,” Dean bit off. He rolled his shoulders, trying to pull some of the tension out of them. “So, you coming in? Or are you just going to lurk in the doorway all night?”
They’d been in the park for almost a week, maybe a little more. They’d built a little camp for themselves outside their trailer, with a small fire, a couple of pots from Bobby’s for cooking food and boiling water, and some half-busted chairs. Dean had cut up some rags they could use for cleaning their dishes and themselves.
Well, they wouldn’t have any luck in that dump. Her people had already been through it and it was totally empty.
Dean looked at his brother. The ratty red plaid flannel he was wearing was making him look pale. “You feeling okay?” Dean asked.
“Sounds great,” he said, about to close the door in Sam’s face but his brother blocked it with his foot.
kissed him. The scent of the oil from his wings filled Dean’s airways, and the taste of Cas’ mouth and tongue and skin hit him like a punch to the gut.
“No, Sammy,” he already knew what his brother was thinking. It had come up a lot between the two of them, and Dean suspected that the only reason Sam ever brought it up was because it gave him some sense of normalcy and he knew Dean would never allow it. Sam always wanted to stop. He always wanted to burn the dead, or give them a moment of respect, or something. “There’s no time, you know that.”
He felt the deep thrum in his stomach twist and his thighs tensed and shook. “I’m close, Cas, fuck, I’m gonna—” Dean’s breathing was shattered, his throat raw. Cas didn’t move away, and his lips fell open as Dean pulled his head back by the hair so he could watch as he covered Cas’ mouth and chin with come.
Something flashed across Cas’ face, and he looked over his shoulder at the wings like they’d betrayed him.
They’d been out by the fire, barely discussing their plans regarding Normal and the stupid Aquarian Star, and suddenly Dean stood, interrupting whatever Bobby was saying to head inside to make sure his brother finally ate something. He’d force-feed him if he had to. He took a can of ravioli from the cupboard and pulled the tab open. Grabbing a fork, he walked over to knock on Sam’s door. He kicked aside the ratty towel he’d stuffed in the crack between it and the carpet—his weak attempt at insulating the room from the cold and noise.
“We shouldn’t be more than eight hours out if we’re sticking to smaller roads,” Sam said, eyeing the map that, at this point, Dean was starting to feel betrayed by.
Dean shifts away slowly, so it doesn’t look like rejection, and wills his body to calm down. His heart is still racing, but his pulse starts to even out as Cas settles beside him and he runs a hand through dark, messy hair.
“From the moment I pulled your soul from hell, I’ve wanted to know you. When you shot a bullet into my chest, I wanted to learn the curve of your spine and run my hands down the ladder of your ribs.” His face fell open as he spoke. “It took me some time to understand why—why, when you talk, I get lost following the curve of your lips, or why the smell of leather and motor oil affects my vessel’s heart rate. Or why standing too close to you is like a compulsion.”
Cas pulled his fingers free and dropped back between Dean’s thighs, lower than before. He pulled Dean’s hips forward and used his thumbs to spread him open, pushing his mouth against the tight swirl of muscle and opening him up with his lapping tongue.
He grabbed a few bottles of brown liquor off of the shelf and cradled them in his gloved hands as he slowly made his way back over to his brother, scanning the shelves for anything useful as he went. This close to the coast, the pickings were slim.
blasted through the speakers, but even that couldn’t cut through his memories of their lives before and how much Heaven and Hell had taken from them.
The room was growing dimmer as the sun set, and Dean’s eyes strained in the darkening light to make out the features of his brother’s face, still searching for any sign that something wasn’t right.
He smiled when he saw the food and ate the entire bowl in about three bites without complaining about the sweet apple-cinnamon flavour. Dean had even made him a double serving.
With Cas pressed against the wall, held in place with Dean’s mouth and hips and Cas’ arms around his shoulders, it was burning him up more than a cup of fucking coffee ever could. He knew this was it, this was where Cas needed to stay.
“Christ—Cas, you drive me crazy,” Dean admitted before he could stop himself. A private smile played at the corners of Cas’ bruised mouth and Dean couldn’t help but lean in and gently kiss it like he couldn’t believe he was allowed. There was a tiny ache in his chest, right in the middle.
Cas’ head cocked to the side, brow furrowing in thought. “I suppose so, although your markings aren’t technically tattoos.”
He gestured with his head for Cas to follow him. The angel blade fell from his sleeve with a slick, metallic sound, and he responded with an almost imperceptible nod. They kept low and moved quickly to the back of the enormous, pitch-black space.
“Do we have a plan?” Cas asked, leaning in so Dean could feel shallow puffs of breath against the shell of his ear. “Is that good, Dean?”
The angel leaned down so his lips brushed the shell of Dean’s ear. “You will not behave that way again,” Cas whispered, as rough as rock salt. “Until you’re ready to give me that type of attention in public, with a clear head, and you’re ready to accept the way I’ll touch you in return, keep your hands to yourself.”
It tasted like his oil tasted—like cloves, but more bitter. Dean licked at what he could reach without caring how depraved he looked.
The Honda slowed down as he pulled onto the shoulder to get past a pile of twisted metal that had once been a minivan, or maybe two. The crunch under his tires was likely gravel, hopefully only gravel. As he swerved back onto the asphalt, he heard the telltale sound of Cas returning to the backseat. The spike in his gut dulled down some, but not as much as he’d like.
“We need to check on Sam,” Dean said, his voice still thick from the smoke that so quickly engulfed the small room. In the back of the store, they could see flames licking the outside of the break room’s door.
Cas shuffled down and kissed him, covering his face with his own oil and come, and Dean had never felt so goddamn alive.
Cas just looked at them, and it was anyone’s guess what was going through his mind. But finally, he nodded. “Alright.”
They hurried to their cars, trying to shake off the weird film that seemed to stick to them after being in the house.
And since then, it had been six weeks of that same poison rotting inside of him, of cancerous cells growing and dividing and refusing to die as they ate away at his lungs.
They were just outside of Dandridge, Tennessee, but even in May, the air was unseasonably chill—the cloud of ash still blocking out the sun weeks after the blasts. The west coast was no better off, the coastal states all but wiped out under a tsunami of radioactive seawater. Those who weren’t killed by the impact had drowned. And those who managed to survive lost their hair in fistfuls before their bodies shut down completely, unable to fight any more infection. Others, like the group Sam and Dean had left behind, escaped, barely fleeing the poisonous fallout and travelling from town to town looking for food and water they could barely keep down.
“Nice seein' ya again. But I can’t help but wonder what the hell you’re doing on my property,” Bobby said, cocking his gun and aiming it at the other man. Sam and Dean followed suit, and out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw a flash of silver as the angel blade dropped from the inside of Cas’ sleeve.
He wasn’t worried. He wasn’t. He knew Cas could handle himself. He definitely had a better track record than Dean or his brother did, but it still freaked him out when Cas pulled his disappearing act. But just as suddenly, Cas was back beside him.
“I like touching you where I’ve marked you.” Cas’s voice was low, and he angled his hands to drag his thumbs over the flesh-covered Enochian sigils carved into Dean’s ribs.
“Yes,” he breathed. Then suddenly, something in his face shifted, and he grabbed Dean’s belt loops and pulled him towards the bed, sitting on the edge and dragging Dean forward to straddle his lap.
“Yes, Dean. You can touch them. Just be gentle. Although they’re only an intimation of the wings I possess, I’ve learned they have a tendency to be... sensitive.”
Bobby was exiting the bedroom, the warmer one that used to be his until he forced Sam to take it, and closing the door softly behind him. He sat down at the end of the semi-circled table across from the couch with a small sigh.
Dean reached above him, grasping into dark feathers to find something to hold onto as Cas stripped him back and took him apart. The wings fluttered and bent low, close enough that Dean could rub his face against them. His skin was wet with oil and he reached up to taste more of it, greedy and straining. The hard sinew moved lower to push itself into his mouth—holding his jaw open like a bridle as Cas continued to fuck him with thick, relentless fingers.
He looked at the page he was using to save research notes to send to Sammy for some other case the nerd was already texting him about. He opened a new document and the cursor blinked at him. He couldn’t stare at monster crap anymore, but what the hell else could he do to fill his time?
At the end of it, Dean was warm, a little drunk, and grateful Charlie had found them. They were sitting on uncomfortable benches made out of scrap, huddled around the fire that stank of lighter fuel and wet wood under the tarp in Charlie’s front yard. He still kept his eyes on Baby almost the entire first part of the evening, eyes darting between their conversation and the cars, but eventually, he relaxed.
They’d taken some time to add more reinforcement to the damage in the back of the trailer so Sam could sleep without freezing. Bobby went from unit to unit, checking for food, clothing, and any other supplies he could get his hands on. Most of everything had been picked over, destroyed, or left to rot. But aside from a few eye-watering surprises left in abandoned fridges and cupboards, he managed to scrape together some packaged goods to add to the stash they’d brought with them.
“Hmm,” the angel made a low sound that rumbled from the back of his throat. His brows were knitted together as he surveyed the property.
“Lose my grace. I believe so, yes,” Cas finished for him, voice unwavering. “Or perhaps fall. But I belong with you, to help make right what my brothers destroyed.”
“Other places, they definitely don’t have it as good,” Dean said with a controlled voice, trying not to slur. He wanted more water but settled for the dregs of the glass bottle. Cas took it out of his hands before he was done, placing it on the far side of the bench. Dean made a small sound of protest, but it turned into a sound of gratitude when Cas produced a bottle of water from his coat.
“There shouldn’t be any permanent effects of breaking the spell, but the only way to do so is by removing him from this place permanently or destroying the structure to which he’s bound.”
“He is God. He is the Almighty and the Creator of all things. There is no being divine enough to take his throne.” Cas’ voice was shaking, so Dean squeezed his leg, reassuring him.
“You’re damn right you do,” Dean said with a smile. “But we gotta go, Bobby and Sam are waiting outside.” He let himself drag his fingers through Cas’ hair, just once.
They were going on almost a week of their search when Sam finally came to find them in the storeroom they were currently digging through. Dean looked at him through two metal shelves, his eyebrows raised.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Larry said, as they sat at the round, pine table in his bright kitchen. The inside of the house was just as pristine as the outside, Dean noticed. It was like the end of the world had no effect on the place. It put him on the defensive, remembering what they’d lost, how they’d had to live, while this guy got to sit around and pretend none of it happened.
“There’s something on the Impala,” Dean said with a sigh, dropping his hand into his lap. “Some sort of symbol. None of us put it on there, but I saw it drawn on the shield clear as day.”
“Honestly, we’re not sure.” Cas looked tired, and the shadows under his eyes looked even darker when dropped his chin.
He took another glance at the mark on the windshield. He’d tell Sam and Bobby about it tomorrow. He grabbed the whiskey off the roof of the car and threw his arm around Cas’ shoulders to lead him back to the trailer.
Neither was a good choice. One of them either took the cold room with the corrugated metal and particle board only mostly attached to one wall, or slept one the moldy couch that smelled like burnt chemicals and bug spray.
“Goddamn, Cas,” he groaned, pushing into the touch. “Might not make it two hours if you keep that up.”
“What the hell happened? Are you hurt?” He reached for his brother’s side, where the sticky blood was thickest. Dean slapped his hands away but knew it would be easier to get a hellhound off their trail than it would be to avoid Sam’s questions.
It kept him up at night sometimes. He’d lie in bed in the upstairs room, listening to himself inhale and exhale and watching the walls around him flex and relax in response.
“We don’t want trouble. We’ll go,” the second man said as Dean grabbed his flashlight, turning it on the scurrying group. Four of them.
He didn’t want to hurt Cas, not again, so he barely brushed his fingertips through the soft down above Cas’ shoulders.
Dean pushed himself forward to stand on his own, grabbing the hand that was still holding his hip pushing it away. He winced at how quickly Cas let go, and again at how he stumbled over the doorstop.
Cas shared what he thought they’d find in Normal, and how it might take some time to track down whatever they were looking for (if it didn’t find them first). And if it wasn’t a dead end, they had what they needed to deal with it.
As they walked away, Dean refused to look at Cas. Instead, he studied the journal in front of him like it held the answers to everything—like he once believed it did.
“Welcome to mi casa! Consider it su casa—at least for the night,” she said, leaning against her moped without seeming at all like she was surprised they’d actually showed up. Once his eyes adjusted to the light, Dean could see tents set up outside of the houses, green and blue tarps supported by scrap wood and metal outside of the houses, lining the street.
“To answer Sam’s question,” Turiel said, glaring at Dean, “We know what it is, but we don’t know what it looks like. It’s described as a tablet, but there is no one left in Heaven who’s seen it, and we only have a very broad idea of where it’s being held.”
He stacked a couple of books and journals on the shelf, figuring it made sense. It was the first time any books he owned had ever seen a shelf.
He cleaned guns. He cleaned them again. He wiped at the grime on the countertops. He patrolled the park, almost hoping someone, or something, would cross him.
“Buddy, you’ve got your wires crossed,” Dean said, finally moving away to reach into the car window to reclaim his rye. “I like having you around, but I wasn’t desperate.”
“I did not,” Cas said standing. He scratched the back of his neck. Another one of those gestures Cas had been making more and more often. It was the small things Dean noticed at first. A look of frustration when his shoulder was still stiff the day after they got to the park. A lot of deep sighs and soulful gazing up at the overcast sky. Taking a bite of a granola bar and commenting on the taste of honey.
Sam opened his eyes, and for the first time in what felt like an eternity, Dean heard him take a full breath of air, even if that air did stink of blood and sickness, he got it all inside of him and exhaled without a painful-sounding rattle.
The drive was short, and Dean breathed out a sigh of relief as they pulled up in front of a building that looked like it was built before Y2K—unlike most of the other places in town they’d seen. The façade was unassuming, there wasn’t even a sign, Dean noticed—no way to tell this place was a bar or a club or whatever it was.
Cas was lying on the carpeted floor where he’d collapsed onto his side. His face was pulled tight with pain and the back of his trench coat was torn into pieces—spread out behind him were two enormous, inky-black wings. They were so dark they seemed to swallow the light around them, but the feathers still flashed and shone independently of any light source in the room.
He lost his breath as Abaddon slammed him hard into the metal door of the bunker, once, then again when he got up to grab the gun where it had fallen. He felt something, a rib maybe, crack on the second hit. His head was ringing and his vision blurred. He slid to the ground but gathered himself up to advance on her again, half crawling up the stairs towards the demon wearing a hunter’s corpse.
Cas’ eyes flew to his, wide with panic, and he tightened his hold on the tablet. “I don’t think— Dean, we can’t.”
He didn’t know if going after whatever it was that waited for them in Normal was a step closer or a step further away from that, but they had no other choice but to move on. It was the end of July, and it should have been hot as hell, but it felt more like the end of September. The evenings were getting colder and there is no way they could ride out the fall, let alone the winter, here. Not that it would be any fucking warmer in Illinois. If that was a dead-end they’d have to move further south.
He took a tentative peek to the side table to see if he’d managed to bring any water upstairs with him the night before, but no such luck. This gave him two options. He could either go downstairs to the fridge and face Cas after whatever that was last night, or he could lie here for a few more hours and desperately try to moisten his mouth with saliva he had no right even attempting to produce.
Dean dropped his arms to his sides, feeling uncomfortable without anything to busy his hands. He needed something to hold, something to drink. He didn’t know how to make Cas see that what he was doing wasn’t right—they’d lost. There was nothing left here for him.
“Cas is getting ready to reinforce the barriers around the property,” Bobby said, turning back around to his old-fashioned pine desk to shuffle papers. “He thinks he can add a couple of things. Not sure if it’s angel things or not, but I’m past the point of caring as long as it works.”
Dean kept his eyes forward and let himself get lost in the monotony. There weren’t many cars to avoid out here. Most people had pulled off the road when they ran out of gas, or whatever god awful thing forced them to stop.
Dean looked into his cup bitterly. He bet the guy’s dumb face didn’t hurt any, either. If people were into that type of thing.
Looking around, Cas was nowhere to be seen. Dean hadn’t seen him for a few hours at least—which was unusual when they all lived on top of each other—but he could see Bobby puttering around between the rusting heaps of metal in the yard.
For a second Dean had zero fucking idea what he was talking about, but finally figured it out almost too late. They made the turn off the interstate and Cas navigated them to a smaller two-lane highway.
Before he slipped into sleep, Dean’s mind drifted to Afriel and Turiel, and how he’d need to find them as soon as fucking possible.
Cas, Sam, and Bobby went down the stairs that took them into the open space of the room below. Dean stayed on the upper platform, looking around for something, but unsure of what. And then he found it—a fuse box.
“There’s one more spell we can try,” Sam said, pointing to a page in another book that looked like all the other books he’d shoved in Dean’s face.
“Shouldn’t they be here by now?” one asked, loosening a scab on their forearm, trying to peel the entire thing off without breaking its shape, like a tangerine peel.
Inside, Sam coughed into the sleeve of his blue plaid shirt, trying to catch his breath before falling back asleep on the couch.
Inside, the smell of mildew hit him with the same weight that it did every time he walked in. He drained the dregs of the whiskey he’d brought in him with and tossed the bottle in the sink. He leaned over it for a second, watching a cockroach disappear down the drain at the noise.
It was a solitary farmhouse on an open tract of land. But although the natural scenery around it had long since dried up and died, the house itself looked dynamic, alive—like it was surrounded by some sort of vibrating forcefield. There wasn’t one shingle out of place, not a single broken window, no sign of fire damage. Nothing.
“I can speak every language that has ever existed, and I could imprint you with any of them, but a human has never been able to fully grasp the intricacies of Enochian.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Well, sounding like that, you can stay here and split up the supplies, Louise Armstrong.”
A small, warm smile pulled at the corners of Cas’ mouth. “Thank you, Dean. Sleeping is something I’m… still growing accustomed to. But it was easier the night we spent together.”
“I need you to know, I didn’t want to go back. I was held against my will, but I was also taken against it,” Cas said solemnly.
“Look,” Dean cut in, “We need that key. I don’t know if you realize what’s been going on the last few months, but we need to get into that bunker to end it.” He was sick of playing hide and seek. He wanted to get the key and get going.
Cas had never exactly gotten to the details of the thing, other than using the words “difficult” and “complicated” and “not what I’d expected.”
Dean grabbed his shoulders so he could Cas square in the eye. “What happened at Bobby’s? That wasn’t your fault.”
Meg smiles along and Cas keeps going, knowing she’d stop him if any questions came up. “We’d do all of our projects together and I started studying in his room because his roommate was always out. By the end of the semester I was at his dorm and his roommate said he had to go to the library for a few hours and invited us, but Dean said ‘no thanks,’ and as soon as the guy left he just gave me this look. I don’t know how to describe it but it was… I felt special. And he kissed me. Said he wanted to do it from the first time he saw me.
When Jimmy died, Amelia went off her rocker. She went on to Claire about how she would find Jimmy. To a young child, that's confusing. Claire went through the trauma of hearing the police share the news about the car crash. And then the trauma of thinking he was still alive. When Amelia came to realistic terms of everything, she took a bottle of pills and popped each one down.
Castiel keeps to himself and Dean grumbles, “whatever dude. Cole was just being a dick. It’s not like he was saying anything true.”
Dean doesn’t want to be a creeper and stare the whole time as he gets a lap dance so he wanders off and sits at the bar. He asks for a few shots and slams each back. He feels sufficiently on his way to a good level of drunk and a guy sits down next to him, giving him a drink with a cute umbrella sticking out of it.
He watches Meg as she focuses on another guy zoning in on her. She winks at the two boys and waves to them, pulling away from their three way dance and greeting the new guy.
Castiel looks at Dean directly in the eyes. He watches Dean's head cock to the side a bit, his mouth parted but only slightly, and a plead found within his eyes. “Really?” Castiel feels overwhelmed with a thousand different thoughts. “I would have to quit.” Castiel looks down for a second and then looks back to Dean's face. Castiel smiles at Dean's comforting gaze. “You sure you wouldn't mind helping pack my things?” Dean's soft smiles are all Castiel needs.
Dean sighs as the girls leave him. His heart sinking at the feeling of being alone. It doesn’t help that every time he’s near the girls, he’s reminded how hurt Cas looked talking about them. But just because Cas was jealous doesn’t make it his fault. And obviously Dean knows there was more to it than jealousy- but he will keep trying to convince himself of it, so he doesn’t feel shreds of metal tearing him up from the inside every time he feels guilt and dread about breathing another day without Cas. He always notices Cas watching the group before he walks by. How his eyes stare with daggers at the girls. He can see the way his brain changes from hatred to sadness each time, too. His eyes turn soft and he always looks away. Trying his best to participate with his own friend’s conversations.
Dean rubs his forehead, grabbing the salt and pepper shakers from the stoves ledge. "Sure thing, bud." He can tell Emma notices his annoyance when she looks down at her food and starts to hum. "I'm fine, really. I love when you stay over here. I just get mad when your mom does this. You should just live over here and when she doesn't cancel her weeks and has a clear schedule, she can get you." Emma shovels her eggs into her mouth.
"Oh don't worry, I am." Cas watches Dean’s face fluster over. His freckles are intriguing. Castiel took a art class last week, he worked with splatter paint. And no matter how beautiful everyone's work turned out, they are nothing compared to the small dots on this man's face.
When he leaves the bathroom he stumbles back to the line of tables behind the open dance floor and waits for his friends. He knows; hopes, they’ll find him here because it’s the same table they started at. And the only reason he could tell the exact table is because of the glowing green palm tree light in the center. Cas stared at it for a good ten minutes before Balthazar made fun of him for how ‘badly’ he needed to be screwed. In reality, Cas wasn’t looking at it for anything other than trying to picture Dean’s eyes next to the dim neon green. He sits at the bar stool at the table for nearly thirty minutes. A few girls and guys alike have approached him but they get the hint quickly when they see his splotchy red face in the barely there lighting.
“I don't want to swim, what if there's a giant shark down there.” Dean groans, holding his hands over his belly.
They see the car clock change from 11:58 to 11:59 and Dean pulls over. “I’ll keep driving in a minute but we can just count it down.”
Cas feels overwhelmed and startles himself by his own loud reply. Dean wipes Castiel's eye and whispers closer, “I love you, Angel.” He kisses his lips over Castiel's. They share a quick kiss, a desperate one, and one pure from the relief.
Dean laughs nervously and pats Emma's head, "I'll be back, I'm going to get a drink of water from the fountain." Thankfully Cas doesn't mind staying back letting the girls continue eating alongside him.
Meg nods but puts two more in front of him. “Five is a buzz for you. Just two more so I can have my fun friend back, please.” She obviously wouldn’t care either way- if Cas didn’t accept the shots, she’d still go on to make his night the best as possible. But Cas understands. He’s been a downer (for a good reason that his friends don’t understand or even know of). Max licks his lips and asks Cas and Meg if they want to go dance. And shit if Cas is going to dance tipsy-sober. The last two shots spill down his throat, the same time Meg finishes the last off. “Let’s go.”
When Castiel walks out of the clothing tent near the front, Dean blushes. Castiel can rock a pair of baggy pants like no one else he's ever seen.
Dean tries to hold back the biggest grin but fails and shrugs. “Well Sammy will probably be obsessed with you at first but I’m hoping he doesn’t idolize you forever. My mom is basically planning our future wedding in her head. So like, if you really don't want this will you at least call her and tell her so she could have a heads up. And uh, my dad is okay. He kinda feels like shit for ‘changing me’ but he also kept going on about being young and finding someone. Which I think I finally got through to him at the end about having already found my person.”
Charlie struts over and winks at Dean, “is that him?” Dean licks his lip and nods, not once letting his eye contact with Cas fade until he is standing by his side.
Castiel turns his iPod on and AC/DC booms over the speaker. Dean spins and looks at Castiel with a impressed look. "You're a fan? I knew I liked you for some reason."
Their eyes lock and Dean wants anything this man has to offer. He wants to travel Castiel's body from head to feet. Memorizing every sculpted detail he has. The more he thinks about him, the more he wants Castiel. And Cas must feel relatively the same because Dean feels a bulge building from under his body.
“Dean you... I didn’t want you to find out like that. This is so embarrassing.” He gulps, “Benny and I aren’t serious or anything. We’re just sleeping together and it’s not a big deal. He actually likes someone else and I… well… it doesn’t matter. We’re all friends and it shouldn’t matter.”
Castiel nods, "I ordered you burgers and fries. I hope you aren't vegetarian, I enjoy burgers. I should've taken that into consideration though."
Dean lets Castiel lay out into his lap. "He called him a fag, mama." Dean pats Castiel's hair, "he's too stupid if you ask me. What's Cas got to do with a cigarette?"
He really didn't.  He wanted to leave and never come back.  Briefly he considered running out the door, but that would be letting Cas down.  Dean had promised him he'd give this talking about his feelings crap a shot.
"He also said stronger medication was highly addictive and that if the pain wasn't unbearable he would prefer that I stuck with over-the-counter pain relief."
"That is so hot," Dean told him, sliding a hand into his pants and feeling the damp, sticky stain that marked Cas's underwear.
Pamela glanced up at the clock.  Dean's appointment wasn't over, so there was a chance - however slim - that he'd return if and when he calmed down.
"You are insufferable!" Cas agonised, dropping into the seat next to Dean.  "You deserve only the nicest things, but you only accept the worst.
.  How would he ever have managed to spend a lifetime trying to be someone he wasn't, if his father had successfully managed to marry him off?
Dean chuckled, but Cesar leveled a challenging stare at him as if waiting for Dean to start a fight.  Jesse, on the other hand, simply dropped his head and closed his eyes as if awaiting the inevitable abuse he thought Dean might throw at them.  Another glance between the two men, and his eyes widened in realisation.  "Oh!  So..."  As Dean motioned between the two of them Cesar visibly relaxed, a grin spreading across his face at Dean's acceptance.
"Oh, Chuck!" Cas sighed, seeking out the source of the smell.  "Sorry - he's not fully litter-trained, yet."
"Ow!" Dean cried out for the fifth time in half an hour.  He lifted his hand to his mouth and sucked the tip of his finger.
"Did you have a nice run?" Balthazar asked as he rose to his feet, his hard cock jutting out proudly and bouncing a little as he moved.
A weight settles across his legs as Castiel straddles him, and he frowns underneath the makeshift blindfold.  What's Cas doing?
With Sam it had always been easy – neither were really the talking type, so they just found a way to deal with whatever it was through actions rather than words. Even if those actions meant avoiding the problem altogether... But how did you ask someone you'd only just met what was so bad in their life that they felt they needed a way out? Maybe he'd ask Bobby. Maybe. At any rate, when he got back from work tonight he should probably say something to Cas. If he could figure out what.
Dean stared at the phone in his hand, finally beginning to understand why Castiel was pushing himself so hard to be someone he wasn't.
Dean raised his fist, pulled his arm back.  The guy flinched, but Dean's fist slammed into the glass-covered sign inches from the man's head instead.  "Walk away from me," he growled.  "Now!"
Intrigued, Castiel fought with the packaging tape until he could pull out the contents.  Puzzlement lined his face until he realised what he was looking at, then he laughed and held it up to Dean.  "It's a knitting pattern for Pennywise!  The clown from Stephen King's
want you to share with me, Dean - but only that which you are comfortable sharing.  At least at first.  If I were seeing you on a regular basis then, over time, I might push you to think about things you don't want to discuss.  Ideally, we talk through your problems - whether they lie in the past or the present - we work together to find a way in which you can solve those problems.  Why are you frowning at me?"
"It's not coming from abroad!" Dean exclaimed loudly.  Lowering his voice so Cas wouldn't overhear their conversation, he added, "It doesn't matter
He glanced up to find that Meg had him trapped between her legs, and he stared at her with wide eyes.
As Dean started the film Castiel brought through two large glasses of soda.  For a split second Dean looked disappointed, before taking the glass from him without a word.
A fond smile lit up his face as he watched him lean over and hand a little blonde girl her present.  The way the child's face lit up when Santa wished her a
, and if Dean wasn't so distracted by the fact he could still feel Cas's lips on his he might actually like it.  It had been a long time since any four walls had felt so much like
"... and joined mainstream education," he continued slowly, staring into Dean's eyes as if challenging him to make a smartass comment.  "I was fascinated with them.  I worked so hard and was really good with them.  I even won the school prize for administration."
Ben, Dean scrawled, wondering if he was supposed to put a 'Dear' before his name.  He licked his lips in concentration as he tried to put Cas's suggestions into his own words.
"In case you'd forgotten, I have my own issues with my father that led to me trying to repress my sexuality.  If anything I'm
"Say, when was the last time you got laid?" Ash asked, slipping behind the bar.  "I haven't seen you hook up with anyone in ages, now I think about it. Usually you're all over the women in this place."
and took the last pastry when Ellen shook the box at him.  Within seconds, they were all either licking their fingers clean or wiping them on their clothes.
Dean swallowed.  "I'm used to getting checked out," he repeated, sounding slightly less sure of himself than before.
Dean resumed his commentary of the shells they came across, more often than not just repeating names until Castiel joined in and it became a race to see who could name the shells first.
"That's at least something to go on just now.  We can take a full statement tomorrow.  Either you can come in, or I can swing by the garage..?"  She trailed off as she realised Dean might be listening, but he wasn't
Reading over what he'd written, he ripped the page out of the notebook and scrumpled it up into a ball.
Cas shook his head.  "No.  Actually, yes.  Once, with Dean."  He blushed as he remembered they'd ended up making out until Dean had needed to back off.
been like at that age, but given the differences in their upbringing his own childhood probably wasn't the best point of reference.  He hoped that Ben wasn't unhappy, or regretting this trip.  What if he woke up tomorrow and wanted to go home?  Would he
Castiel stared at him in shock, and then burst out laughing.  Dean joined in, throwing his head back as he guffawed loudly.
Cas stopped and looked at him.  "Don't push yourself to say or do something you're not ready for," he advised, as if sensing Dean's doubts.
"Go on!" Dean shouted, making shooing gestures with his hands.  "Get out of here!"  He grabbed a stone from near his feet and launched it in the bird's direction.  "Fucking
There was a large black bag in the middle of the room that he'd been throwing crap into for the past twenty minutes.  It had stopped raining so, unless it started again, he wouldn't have to pick Cas up.  Cas liked walking home after his sessions with Pamela, because it gave him time to 'process' as he put it.  Dean gathered more food wrappers from down the side of the chair and tossed them in the bag.  It was a wonder the chair didn't rustle when he sat in it, the amount he'd shoved down the side.  It was a terrible habit he'd gotten into as he sat, watching the TV, and stuffed his face.  A part of him wondered what the hell Cas had to
"What?" he asked warily.  He caught what was thrown at him without thinking, and looked to see the Impala's keys in his hand and Dean walking around the front of the car.  "Are you…" he trailed off.
Dean said nothing for a long moment, fighting against his instinct to keep quiet and actually open up to her.  "Sometimes, things hurt, so you just man up and deal with it," he declared.  "It might be physical, it might be mental, but you man up."  It was something his dad had drilled into him, more or less.
Dean's bottom jaw quivered, and he took several mouthfuls of beer.  "So you're here to screw up my life again, is that it?"
Dean did his best to tug the sheet out from under Cas, draping what little of it he'd freed over his already snoring friend and took a few seconds just to gaze down at his peaceful face.
"I'm hoping to return to university to finish my degree."  Cas's expression grew slightly pinched.  "Personal issues.  Family ones.  ...  Thank you," he said warmly, his face softening once again.  "How did we meet?"  At this, he met Dean's gaze.  "He gave me a lift home one night."
"Sure, that sounds like a great idea," Dean said, standing up and dragging Cas out of his chair.  He failed to understand what Sam found so funny.  "Maybe we can finish Game of Thrones - I hear that show had a
"Cool it, Walker," Bobby said calmly.  He motioned at Dean who was walking over, rubbing his hands on his overalls.  "Dean's going to take a look at it."
Images of Castiel in the alley with his trousers around his ankles flashed through Dean's mind and he closed his eyes as he tried to shake that image from his head.  He blinked back tears as he told himself that nothing like
Castiel seemed happy with this explanation, but still held off on giving away his shoes until Dean had handed his over and received his unattractive red and white bowling shoes.
The moment Dean laid eyes on Cas, he realised that he was naked.  Of course he'd be naked, he was taking a shower!  What was he thinking?!  His traitorous eyes did a quick subconscious sweep of Castiel's body, catching a brief glimpse of far too much before Dean forced himself to turn around, face now burning.  "Dude!" he exclaimed, as if it was
As the next one came into his head his breath hitched, and he briefly considered not writing it down.
"You told me this morning that you would be finishing at this time and – I quote – 'pigs will fly before I leave so much as one minute later', so I am not entirely sure as to the purpose of this phone call."
Sheriff Mills stared at him for a long moment.  "God damn it," she muttered, standing up and walking out of the room.
Dean leaned in for a kiss, meeting Cas's cheek when he turned his face away.  Hesitating for a second, he then trailed a like of kisses down his neck.
Once they'd cleaned the bathroom, they ordered takeout and put on a movie - which is what they'd been watching for the last hour.  Dean had his arm around Cas, thumb rubbing absently along his arm, not really paying attention to the film they'd put on.  He'd seen it a hundred times before, anyway.  Cas hadn't moved in all that time, curled up by his side with his head resting heavily on Dean's shoulder.
Castiel had stopped and was looking at Dean as he reminisced. He may have started telling the story to Castiel, but by the end he was telling it to himself; reminding himself of the better times when he and Sam were like two brothers should be. Castiel felt an odd twinge of jealousy. He had never had that closeness with his brother – Michael was too much like their father, though he believed more in the bonds of family – but listening to Dean made him feel like he, too, had lost something, and when Dean finished and Castiel saw the tears pricking his eyes, he moved towards Dean and wrapped his arms around him awkwardly.
"Bobby, you are paying me to organise your files and that is what I intend to do," Cas told him adamantly, clearing the desk for Andy.  He paused for a moment, then turned to his boss with a handful of papers clutched to his chest.  "Unless you miss the paperwork and intend to 'let me go' so that you can take over?"
"Cas, you alright?" Dean asked, crouching down next to his friend.  "Cas?" he asked, reaching a hand out.
problems smooth-talking Cas.  He took a large mouthful of his drink.  A guy who could likely make Cas happy, and probably
"I thought you were different from my father, Dean.  But if being gay isn't such a bad thing, then why do you take offence at the thought of it?"
He rubbed a hand through his hair frustratedly.  It was partly his fault, though, he figured.  He was the one who'd dragged Cas into his bed the night before - not that Cas had put up much of a fight.  Hell, he probably hadn't even been aware of where they were.  His anger at Cas faded and he started to feel angry at himself.  Cas
Dean noticed, and some of the tension melted out of his shoulders.  "I'm sorry," he said, more gently this time.  "It's just that watching you with that guy—"
he mused to himself as he stopped in front of the empty coffee pot.  Cas usually—  Oh.  Yeah.  Cas was gone.
He heard the gentle sloshing of water as Castiel tentatively stepped into the bath tub and sat down, then, "Yes."
The phrase caused Dean's thoughts to turn to Chuck Norris.  The little guy played havoc with his sinuses but, as much as he pretended to dislike the creature, he had to admit it was a little endearing.  Especially the way he'd tried to stop him leaving the apartment by playing with his shoe laces.
He snorted, realising it was a mocking stereotype.   Then his gaze hardened once again as he thought of Frank and how harmful even representation that ridiculed those beliefs could be, as those who shared them inevitably felt victimised and only clung to those beliefs even tighter.  "What
this soap.  He just bought it because it was the type of inexpensive soap he'd been used to growing up.  Over the years he'd changed his toothpaste and deodorant from a value range store label to a branded variety, but he'd never done the same for his soap.  Perhaps it was about time he did, because it even
With reluctance, he hauled himself out of bed and down the corridor to the bathroom.  As he stood over the toilet and relieved himself with a sigh, the phone started to ring.  He could hear Cas moving around, though, and figured he'd get it.  He smirked as he remembered what day it was.  Would Cas remember?  It wasn't like he really kept track - after all, the day didn't mean anything to him the way it would anyone else.
He looked in the fridge, seeing the several bottles of beer lying on the shelves, and for a moment considered pouring them all down the sink.  But he knew that Dean would then go out, if he was truly set on getting drunk, and he'd rather Dean got drunk where he could watch over him.  Reluctantly he took the beer through to Dean, who took it without so much as a thank you.
Castiel ran until his thighs burned, coming to an ungraceful stop and throwing his arms around a lamp post for support while he caught his breath.
"For someone who doesn't think he's ready to talk about his father, you do bring him up a lot."  Smiling encouragingly, she asked, "Do you think, maybe, deep down, you
Being forced to doubt himself directed his anger towards Cas again, and he grabbed the shower gel so forcefully that the gel oozed out from where the cap hadn't been closed properly.
"I know what state my car's in, Winchester – I don't want to see so much as a scratch on her when you're finished!"
Dean's eyes were still half shut when he got in the shower the next morning. (He could call it that – there was still ten minutes before it officially became 'afternoon'.) He'd woken up at nine and promptly gone back to sleep without another thought, but as the warm water helped clear away the cobwebs in his brain he was suddenly hit with the memory of finding Castiel again last night. He jumped out of the shower and gave himself a quick rub down, wrapping the towel around his waist before he sprayed his underarms with a quick burst of deodorant. The sound of the TV greeted him as he walked into the living room.
"I know," Cas cut him of, not wanting to hear Dean tell him that he didn't feel the same.  Knowing that Dean wasn't offended by his feelings didn't bring any of the relief that he'd hoped for.  "And that's okay."
Castiel didn't believe him.  "Was it her sixth toe?" he teased, trying to disguise his curiosity with playfulness.
After they washed up their breakfast dishes, Cas and cleaned the sink and worktops while Dean swept and mopped the floor.  While they waited for the floor to dry, Dean watched a rerun of
"I will do my best to support you, as you support Dean.  But you are not the only one he has in his corner - he has friends and family who love him, and wish to see him succeed."
"Did you know a giraffe's tongue is twenty inches long?" Ben exclaimed, reading the information off a sign.
It wasn't until Dean was halfway home that he realised that she hadn't exactly answered his question.
"Andy, Benny, if you could make sure that customers' cars are out of the garage and ready to go.  Dean, do you mind if we do this in my car?"
Castiel looked down and away from Dean, a pleased but mildly embarrassed flush tinging his cheeks pink.  What was he supposed to say to that?  He'd once likened Dean's eyes to a forest canopy in his mind, but he couldn't say that aloud.
Dean rolled his eyes again. "I'm just really freakin' hungry, okay?" Damn it, the things he did for his little brother.
The shorts were stretchy, but still a little tight, and Dean paired them with an old Led Zeppelin t-shirt.
understanding at times. But he nodded, and let Dean lead him through to the kitchen where he sat him at the table and placed a steaming mug of hot chocolate in front of him a couple of minutes later.
"He needs... someone.  A friend.  I've tried to be that person, but I don't think I can be.  I think he needs something else.  Something I'm not."
Castiel glanced behind him, laughing at the sight of the similarly red-faced manager glaring out at them.
Cas is stunned. He feels like he’s dreaming. No way is Dean telling him this. Castiel punches his own arm hard and Dean stares at him in shock. “Cas, what the hell?” He looks offended, “you don’t gotta hurt yourself here. Jeez. You said you wouldn’t be weird and act all sorry for me.”
Class goes by painstakingly slow and he spends the majority of it growing sicker as he hears more whispers about Dean and he. Fuck!
Having that talk definitely gave him a new perspective and he can’t see girls making out as something erotic. Because Charlie’s right. And then he wondered if Cas ever felt like that with girls staring at him and his different dates.
Castiel is leaning against a railing, next to Emma. He points up and smiles, "it says that guy has a tail that's 45 feet long." Emmas mouth falls wide open and she taps Claire's shoulder. "Do you guys have any ideas why that is?" All four of the girls shake there heads. Castiel grins, "having that big of a tail helped them keep balance when they ran. Can you girls imagine that?"
Dean's eyes fall down to Castiel's lips and then back up to his eyes. Dean feels weak at his knees. He lets out a nervous breath and he looks at his phone that began flashing. "Hey- it's almost twelve. The kids need to get some fuel."
Before Cas realizes what Dean said or what he meant, he sees Dean storm over to where Meg, Lisa, Charlie and Jo are huddled. By the look of it, Lisa said yes and Dean looked back at Cas to give him a thumbs up before waving him over.
Dean’s excited to get back to the dorm because he wants to shout it out to Cas and tell him to say his goodbyes to Balthazar. But when he gets to the room Cas and Balthazar are laying in bed spooning. Dean sees the two and Cas squints his eyes at Dean. “Sorry he fell asleep over here. We were watching a movie.”
Castiel twines his hands into Deans and shakes Charlie's hand followed with a small curtsy, “it's nice to meet you. I'm Castiel.” Charlie raises her eyebrow at Dean and looks between the two of them.
Dean's heart nearly leaps from his chest. Sure, he had a feeling Castiel would be interested in men. But now it's verified. He's half positive it was also verified that Castiel is interested in Dean. "Real lucky."
The other man was set back and he tilts his head. "Wow. I thought this was going to be a complete sham of a date, but you're actually way better than I thought you'd be. So far."
When they pull into the parking structure, Dean slams Baby into her spot and hauls ass out of the car. Remembering; thankfully, to lock her before they slink into the elevator.
Dean gleefully states, “uh, have you seen her? She’s probably the prettiest girl in our grade. Duh.”
Dean is ready to toss something down at his friend who’s ignoring the hell out of him but instead he calms down immediately when she notices a small hiccuping cry in his room. He turns his Yoda table light on and looks at Cas who has his head buried into the pillow. Dean isn’t sure what’s wrong. He’s never seen Cas cry so hard. He lays down next to him on the floor and just holds his friend until he slows.
Because they moved in earlier than when the school year starts, the two thankfully don’t have to start work and are still on a summer break for another week. It allows them to finish; almost, getting all of the boxes out of the way and having everything set up how they chose together. And it gave them time to decide what they still needed.
When the two are step out of the shower, Castiel wraps himself into a bumble bee robe and hands Dean a towel. “Bees, Cas, really?” Castiel blushes and nods. “Well most men couldn't pull something like that off. You definitely can,” Dean says with a soft squeeze of his shoulder. Castiel leads him back to the bedroom and plops himself down.
“We were in the same second semester Statistics and Research class, last school year. The tables were two to a seat and he sat next to me. We literally didn’t speak to each other unless the professor asked us to.” He laughs remembering, “and then I got my quiz back. I failed, big time. And he laughed at me! But said I’d do better next time. That was the first honest conversation we had. And then the next class he came in and actually asked how I was doing. It was a whole shift and we started talking a lot.”
He meets Dean at recess that day. Dean invites Cas to play with the boys in their grade. When Cas sees the football he grimaces. Dean sees his pained gaze and he waves bye to his other friend in class. “It’s ok. Let’s go play something else.”
Dean doesn’t feel the need to remain cool in front of Aaron. Not like he’s interested in dating the guy. “We saw you three weeks ago, mom.” She shushes him and releases them.
He and Cassie are holding hands and he tries to argue against the game with, 'well some of us actually have a relationship,' but Cole somehow convinces everyone to sit down despite that.
Cas doesn’t know how long he waits it out hiding in the bathroom but eventually he hears Dean knock on his stall. “Hey Cas, Meg said you ran off? You ok?”
When Dean starts begging in higher pitches, Cas pulls off and jerks Dean’s cock so it splashes come over his chin. Dean is still finding his breath as Cas stands and spins Dean around, pining his stomach to the wall as he’s grabbing his own pants and yanking them down enough to free his own throbbing erection.
Meg rubs Castiel’s arm, “so you stayed together all summer? God, I wish I had known you then. Maybe I could have helped.”
Dean crosses his arms, “quit it. I told you, I'm not gay.” Although the thoughts of men have crossed his mind many occasions. His knees lock whenever a new member joins his queen's army. And by army of course, he means people meeting in a park; fully dressed in costume, hitting their rivals with foam swords and fake magic. His heart almost beat out of his chest when one of Charlie's recruits fought him down until the man was pressed to his chest, pinning his arms above his head. Dean's stomach felt like slosh. He was told to attend to his severed limbs, when he truthfully attended to the bathroom to jack off his growing erection.
Dean squints trying to piece this situation together but he comes up blank. "Um, you know, I really don't mind what we talk about." He watches the man's throat throw back a chug of water that was placed on the table and he squeezes his hands together. "What do you want to talk about?"
Aaron tells Dean that he and a friend came here and they were calling him in need of a ride back to their house so he leaves Dean but kisses him and whispers, “I’ll see later tonight.”
Castiel blushes and sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, "you know, I kind of liked that. And I also like hearing about your brother, he seems very nice."
Castiel and he go to Dean's bedroom upstairs and Cas takes a pillow and drops it on the floor. Dean’s curious to what Castiel is doing and Cas just looks away and curls up on top of the rug and asks for Dean to throw him a blanket down.
The two find themselves slurping down a bowl of pasta and then sinking into the couch together. Their bellies are filled with so much food they think they may just explode.
Castiel sees a heart cut in half, one side displaying the outside and the other showing what it looks like on the inside. "Completely gross," he laughs ruffling her hair.
"Sorry, man." Dean's face is pale and he's clutching the seat in front so tightly so he doesn't fall out into the aisle. Castiel coughs and scoots closer to the window, hoping he can give Dean more room to scoot in or enough room for Dean to not accidentally come in close touch of his dick. Game over if that happens.
Dean rolls Castiel over and he bounces his weight quickly over Cas, slamming Castiel's cock into him. It feels amazing. Dean had thoughts about what it would feel like with a man, but he would have never known it felt this good. He feels full. When Castiel strokes Dean's dick with a flick of his wrist Dean loses all control over it. "Cas! Cas, fuck. I'm coming. I'm gonna,"
When Dean has stood up and adjusted his spot several times, the rest of the parents and Gabriel climb up onto the bus getting seats. Gabriel yells out over the kids, telling them the museum has offered to put together lunches for students. He goes over the importance of the buddy system. And how the adults need to check in by noon.
“You dick!” Cas pinches Balthazar’s arm and feels the boy’s body tremble in surprise. “You said you were going on a date! Why are we at the fucking club!”
Although Cassie looks ready to storm away, Lisa blushes. “I’m so sorry, Dean. I didn’t know you were seeing someone… and um I didn’t know you were into guys.”
“I know you just want to make your friends happy, but if they are acting like this, you need to tell them to stop or come get me to stop it. I thought you were ready for this, Dean.” She sighs again and kisses Dean’s head, “I’m sorry about Cassie. I know you really liked her.”
Cas laughs. Maybe that wasn’t the right choice but he can’t hold it back. His laugh doesn’t stop for a good minute and Dean looks ready to fucking sob and that’s when it hits Cas. Dean was being honest and he’s not having some weird fever dream. Cas grabs Dean's hands and pulls on him so Dean will glance back up at Cas.
Charlie claps and doesn’t make the moment any more serious or saddening. She reads Cas and what he needs after vomiting his emotions out for so long. To a practical stranger. “We’re actually having our meeting in a few. Wanna stick around and attend? Honestly we’re probably just going to talk about Hollywood stars and rate our options. And eat pizza. If that’s your kind of thing.”
Cas is definitely drunk. For a while he was tipsy but the alcohol is seeping into his body and making him giddy. He watches his hookup throw back a shot at the pong table and the two meet eyes and he goes to excuse himself from the game. Everyone boos but the guy just brushes them off and Cas starts walking to the stairs in hopes that he won’t be far behind.
Besides Sam no longer trick or treating, they all continue on their trick or treat walk as normal. Mary and Ruby continue chatting it up. Sneaking small glances at the boys, but obviously growing less worried the farther they go because the kids are all happy.
After visiting a few houses, the boys walk back down to the sidewalk and find Mary at the curb chatting with another woman, Ruby, who's holding her son. "Oh! Here, Sammy can share his wagon. You shouldn't have to carry him all night!"
Claire has opened up quite a lot. She and Krissy are locked arm in arm. She's persuaded Krissy to join in on the laughter over Dean's age. Which, yes, he realizes he isn't an old man. But God do children like to point out the facts that he has small creases by his eyes. And that all of his classic lines are way too old for them to understand. Which Castiel laughs softly at each time. Dean at least feels some accomplishment.
Maybe Claire was wrong. Her gaydar is so so broken. It’s not like she has told anyone about her sexuality. She has been harboring a giant crush on Alex since she first met her. But Alex never shows interest in her so she assumed it was a no go. And not that Alex is homophobic- but what if she gets weirded out that her best friend is into girls? Why ruin a great friendship.
Dean laughs and shakes his head, "I-uh-" he smiles again. "My little brother, Sam, he and Gabe are dating. I like teasing him about it." Dean licks his tongue over his lips, "I'm not a complete jerk, sorry if that came off that way. It's just a family thing. Do you have-"
Castiel blushes and shakes his head, “Dean we need someone to actually drive the boat. Some Captain I would be, to let the both of us die tragically.”
Castiel sobs into her shoulder, “he was fine. I- I- I said his name,” he chokes, “I wasn’t thinking of Max. I was thinking of Dean. I love him so much, Meg.”
Dean thrusts his hips in slow rolls, easing Castiel into it. Not wanting to start too fast and hurt him. Castiel's ankles cave into Dean's ass, forcing him to slam in harder. Castiel sets the pace for him. Moving his bent legs in quick runs.
Castiel throws an arm out and Dean reaches for it, helping boost Castiel back up. "You still don't look at ease. Is there anything I could help with?"
Benny goes to find Cas and sees him and Dean’s little brother playing together, so he asks to join and the three of them play UNO. Thankfully Dean can see a smile back on Castiel’s face and he feels relief.
“Well I’ll have to see. I have to ask my mom.” He looks stumped over the question and asks, “and can Dean go with us? We always see each other on Fridays.”
Castiel pleads moans to get Dean to get along with it. But the more Castiel grunts, the more Dean teases Castiel with his tongue. Kissing and licking closer to his erection, but not enough to touch it. It's only fair- Castiel left his neglected too. Even though he was a bit more generous with sharing.
Cas sighs. “He didn’t do anything. He’s uh- he’s in the closet. I broke up with him.” He bites his lip. “I thought he’d come out. Or at least tell a few people but he’s so scared and I couldn’t be there to watch it anymore… it was almost a year.”
And Cas had it. He started yelling at Balthazar to get out. Balthazar was pissed at Castiel’s break up and began throwing things off Castiel’s desk and shelves until the room was trashed. His voice ricocheted from the walls and it didn’t stop until an RA booked it down the hall to help de-escalate the situation.
Cas looks in shock and blinks at Dean. Like it’ll all change if he blinks hard enough. “Obviously I told some other people. Told Benny and Garth. And Aaron. Hah- you were so right about that one. And talked to Balthazar. He warned me that he was going to kick yours and my asses after we figured it all out for leaving him in the dark.”
It had been a while since Dean had let himself have a proper drink, and he practically sighed at the familiar taste of cheap booze.
“Good morning, Dean,” he heard from above him. He knew it—the tightness in Cas’ deep voice calling him out completely.
Dean put some space between them and scratched the back of his neck. “Uh, yeah. So, did you find any leads on how to reverse the spell? Not that—” he quickly corrected. “Not that you should be embarrassed or whatever. But maybe you’d be more comfortable if your vessel was a little more vessel-y.”
“Exactly? We don’t know. We do know that this was the last town that the key was seen in, and we know where the slaughter of the Men of Letters took place. Even with the warding, it was hard to ignore the demon activity in the area at the time.”
Cas. He sighed. He couldn’t see from where he was lying down, but Dean assumed he was outside sitting by the fire, where he usually was in the mornings. Maybe he’d even gotten the coffee started.
Through desperate, convincing tears, she promised the hunters she’d give up witchcraft, magic, all of it. Dean paced as he listened to her. She was young, new to the occult, and didn’t seem totally corrupted by her powers. He figured she needed a timeout and probably a therapist—which was saying a whole hell of a lot coming from him.
They walked to the edge of the yard, where early on they’d used the junked cars to try and reinforce some sort of barrier between them and whatever was on the other side.
Dean’s muscles were burning, everything was burning, but he was barely aware of it as he rolled over and curled into Cas, who reached up to run a fingertip over the fading handprint on Dean’s shoulder.
Turiel turned his attention to Cas, lifting his chin in contempt. “The traitor Castiel,” he acknowledged with bitterness, “And his
“A little help, Cas?” He stepped back as the angel approached the door. With a single push, the wood fell back and collapsed on the floor with a crash.
They got up, eventually, climbing out of bed stiff and slow. They showered, using different stalls so they wouldn’t get distracted and lose the whole morning. They dressed in their separate rooms and made coffee—or Dean did, while Cas sat at the table with his chin rested in his hand—and walked together to the library to meet up with the other two hunters.
Cas lined up his cock and slowly pushed inside, his head dropping forward and groaning against Dean’s skin as he pressed into the tight heat.
“We can’t. Not without you,” Afriel said, adjusting her own beret. It matched Turiel’s but had holes worn through in different places.
“Who put it here?” He asked again, turning, but looking like it was taking every bit of strength in his body to remain standing.
The spike was back and it was working its way through his stomach and up into his chest. His lungs ached, trying to get enough air into his body to keep him upright.
“Ever heard of walking? We need to get you a bell,” Dean said more harshly than Cas deserved, but his pulse was still racing.
Sam came out of the house carrying a few light bags of food and water from their run. They’d been making sure to split things up to make sure everything wasn’t in one place—because if they needed to move fast, they could without worrying about dying of thirst on the road.
Cas ran his hands up Dean’s sides. “I took more pleasure than I should have marking your ribs, claiming you as my own,” he said, before leaning forward to flick his tongue over the peak of Dean’s nipple, measuring the hunter’s response before closing his mouth around it.
Their names come from angelic lore: Afriel is the Angel of Youth and Turiel is known as The Watcher. So, that might give you some context into their characterizations. If there are any Supernatural characters who share these names, please keep in mind these are altogether different angels. I believe there was an Afriel on the show, but the lore lined up too well with who I wanted her to be so I used the name anyway. (Is that lazy? Nah.)
Two men and an angel stood outside of a Honda Accord, stopped where the road met the massive metal frame of the bridge. Their path was blocked by an enormous wall of sandbags, scrap metal, and barbed wire.
“That curse. I believe the witch tried to bring my angelic form into this plane of existence. To… expose me.”
Cas looked at the small frame of the door. “Yes, that’s a good idea. I’ll meet you in the library.” And he was gone.
“Ugh. Water,” Dean groaned, more of a statement than a request, as his hand flailed out to find the bottle of water he knew he’d left on the nightstand the evening before. He had it open and pouring into his mouth before he was properly awake.
He blinked, face burning at the thought. He had to clear his head. That, as good as that sounded, wasn’t what he needed to be focused on.
They got into the small sedan—Cas in the backseat, and Sammy in the front. Dean left tire marks on the asphalt as he drove too quickly out of the parking lot, eager to leave behind the charred corpses of the small family and the fire that continued to spread.
He sounded so damn earnest. Dean pressed his lips together, but he believed him. He couldn’t help but believe him.
Dean had snuck in some time for a shower, and he’d wiped the dirt and stink off of himself with a contented sigh even as he shivered against the cold.
Cas stood there, his face was still, but his eyes still managed to shine even in the dim light of the room.
Dean laughed. “The world might go to hell, but we can always rely on what a massive nerd you are. Any chance you can figure out where this gentlemen’s club is?”
“Wait, what spell?” Sam asked, moving into the room and resting Dean’s jacket on top of a bookshelf. Dean felt something bubble inside of him at the haphazard way Sam tossed it where it didn’t belong.
Cas worked him slowly, his tongue swirling around the flesh he was stretching open as he gently bent his fingers to brush against Dean’s prostate. Dean cried out shamelessly, saying things to Cas he never thought he’d have the chance to—about his lips and eyes and how fucking badly he’s always wanted him—as his blood boiled beneath his skin.
Dean blinked as Cas dropped his hand. He could feel warmth rising from the pit of his stomach and settling under his ribs, a burn that wasn’t anger, wasn’t the rye. He wasn’t sure what it was.
“Dean?” he heard Cas rumble from behind him. He looked up and Cas was standing there, looking terrible, coat off even in the cold trailer. His white dress shirt was stained with sweat.
A muscle in Dean’s jaw twitched. “Shut up, Sam,” he said, even though he knew his brother couldn’t hear him.
He untangled from Cas’ clothes and cupped his face—trying to tell him—when they both saw a weak beam of light moving towards them.
He didn’t get a chance though, because as he was getting his things together a shadow appeared in his doorway. It was Cas. He’d taken off his coat and jacket and was standing there with his shirtsleeves rolled up and shadows under his eyes.
Dean spluttered. “What the hell, Sammy? Focus!” he said, gesturing—maybe a little wildly—to the stranger across the street.
His mind was spinning so wildly he could barely remember what he’d said. What had Sam given him? He could barely feel the pain in his ribs anymore, but his eyes kept slipping closed.
And as suddenly as they’d appeared, the strange angels were gone, leaving Sam, Bobby, Dean, and Cas standing alone in the last lit up diner in the world.
But a moment later, Cas hit the floor in front of him, the impact of his hard landing casting dust into Dean’s eyes.
“We’re here,” Turiel said, trying to regain some of his composure, “to obtain an artifact.” Dean could tell he was trying to match Cas’ authoritative tone, but he lacked the depth of the angel who had already defied Heaven. Dean couldn’t help but feel a little pride.
“Well, that wasn’t what I was expecting,” Afriel said, adjusting the beret she’d found in the ruins of the once-great city. They’d just returned, and although Normal was destitute and smelled of death, it was in much better shape than Paris had been.
Dean laughed. “Well, I’m glad they came in handy. I bet the ringer scared the hell out of the old man,” he said, his eyes crinkling as he smiled. He shoved his hands in his pockets, his smile fading as fingers wrapped tightly around the small knife he always kept on him. “No real use for hunters anymore, Cas. We’ve been keeping in touch with a few guys through Bobby’s old ham radio, but, uh, priorities have changed.” There was hopelessness in his voice, even he could hear it. It made him think back to their conversation, his admission that he felt like a failure, that everything they’d gone through everything they’d done for nothing.
“I guess if there was ever a time to trust angel Jedi mind tricks, it’s when showers are at stake,” Dean said, getting into his car with a frown. “Let’s go before I change my mind.”
“Bobby, I don’t wanna kill ya,” Dean took a shallow breath and pushed the sweat back from his forehead into his hair, “but I’m leaving this room.”
“I came to you as soon as I could, and if I hadn’t been taken by Naomi, I would have never left. I heard every word of your prayers yet I was powerless to answer them.” Cas finally turned towards Dean. He slid his hand behind the hunter’s neck, fingers grazing the soft hairs at the back of his head, to gently force Dean to look at him. “My true form doesn’t have a heart the way humans understand it, but it still felt like it was being ripped from my chest.”
“Read you Charlie, this is Dean.” He tried to sound casual even as he frantically waved the others over to join him.
Dean and Sam both looked at him with surprise, eyes going wide as they processed what he’d said. Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever get used to it, Cas’ ability to speak so bluntly about something so enormous. With that thought, the flames of hell started licking at his consciousness, and he blinked to clear the vision away. He looked at the gun in pieces in front of him and started its reassembly.
Abaddon’s head turned up as if she was rolling her eyes. “We don’t need you. We don’t need the tablet. And we certainly don’t need the fallen angel,” she said, her painted mouth pulling tight. “We just need to make sure that Michael’s army doesn’t get the tablet, and none of you need to be alive to prevent that.”
Sam, as usual, spread maps out on the roof of the Impala and drew out their route, talking them all through his plans and rationale. Dean, as usual, half-listened, relying on Cas to absorb anything important.
“I gotta tell you man,” he said to Sam, who was apparently trying to figure out a way to read every book in the library at once, “the water pressure here? Practically counts as a massage. Happy ending included.”
Dean was drowning it in—the heat coiled in the pit of his stomach, the burn in his scalp, the scratch of stubble against his chin—as Cas reclaimed his mouth. He felt frantic. Without breaking contact, he rolled them over and bent a knee, digging his foot into the sheets so he could find a better angle, lining up their cocks and grinding down and sending sparks shooting down his spine.
“I don’t need help. It’s not a large property, and most of it I can do alone,” Cas said, pushing himself up from where he sat.
Bobby and Sam moved fast, grabbing Dean under his arms to drag him back into the safety of the bunker. He choked on the pain of it, but let himself be carried.
“If there is, you can tell me,” Cas said. And when Dean turned to glance quickly at Cas, he saw concern etched across a drawn face.
bad, but they were already too close to St. Louis. They should have crossed further south, but he hadn’t been thinking. He slammed his fist on the roof of the car.
Something inside of Dean cracked like porcelain, filling his chest with something rich and hot as he pushed in closer, and kissing Cas was more consuming than the million times he’d dreamed it. Fingers were digging into his hips, and Cas’ tongue was brushing against Dean’s lower lip and, yes, he tasted bitter and sweet, of earth and electricity, like a live wire left spinning in the grass. As snow soaked Dean’s jacket and dripped down the back of his neck, he opened his mouth to let Cas in and broke into pieces.
“All clear, Cas?” he asked as he eased back into the chair. The night was inky and black, as usual. Dean looked up and wished there were still stars.
“Well, maybe I don’t want to see them, okay?” He was looking at the wall, at the bag of the witch’s things they’d started to pack away, anywhere but at Cas.
“Dean—” Cas started, pulling Dean out of his thoughts. He almost would have forgotten the guy was beside him if it weren’t for the strip of warmth running down his arm from where it was resting against Cas. The hood of this car is too damn narrow, he thought.
He stretched out his ankle, rotating his foot to try to get rid of the stiffness that he could still feel even though it had been a couple of days since he’d twisted it. And making an ass out of himself in front of Cas on the way down.
He hesitated but decided this should be his first step in making things better and walked over to her sheepishly.
“We’ve found six,” Cas said gruffly, pulling another tutu-wearing murderess off of his shoulder, not even hesitating before using his grace to melt it in his hand.
“I’m not going anywhere with Typhoid Mary, here,” Dean said, looking at Sam out of the corner of his eye.
Dean was quiet as they navigated the once-idyllic streets to get to the address that Henry had given them. He kept them away from the centre of town, trying to keep as low of a profile as possible. And although Baby was an eye-catcher, she was a lot more subdued without her glossy shine.
