The man nudges at his scent gland. Dean. ‘You gotta answer me, buddy, alright, I’m not - I’m not -’ He fidgets. He smells of - Castiel can’t think it. It smells so sweet. ‘Come on. Fuck. Can’t -
‘I thought afterwards about - you saying you didn’t want - the things that had happened to you. That was why I was worried you-’
‘Right,’ he says. ‘Right.’
His mother is in the very centre of the room, queenlike, as her family revolves around her. Her auburn hair has been pulled back neatly from her face into a high chignon; as ever, her gown is sombre in colour and relatively austere in style, but falling into heavy folds of luxurious silk. Castiel does not visit her as often as he should, although he has no reason not to: on the contrary, of all her sons, he is conscious that he has always needed extra guidance. She has been extraordinarily patient with him, when he struggles to order his thoughts, for which he is grateful.
Maybe. Dean’s not sure. ‘He quoted like three-quarters of the Bible at me, so I figured it out.’
Castiel repeats, remembering as soon as he hears it, and has to pretend to simply be fond of the name - and she seems quite earnestly impressed by Castiel’s work and education. For all Castiel is suspicious of his mother’s motives, she is pleasant enough company - probably more pleasant than it would be to be left sitting between his mother and Anna alone. It doesn’t make the rising nausea at the back of his throat go away. Nothing does.
‘Cas,’ he says, after a moment. His voice - his breath - is much closer to Castiel’s ear than expected. Castiel does not flinch; he almost leans towards it, towards where he knows Dean’s mouth to be. ‘Why are you reading about true mates?’
‘Dean,’ he says, very quietly. ‘Castiel - does he mind you talking to him like that?’
‘He can’t take on domestic work?’
He’s supposed to be praying, but he can’t think of a single word.
She laughs, very softly. Her smile is tight, and there is something nasty behind it. ‘I’m not sure even its founders had much faith in its objective. This isn’t a prison, Mr. Novak. We train our omegas in household work, we reshape them into something that might live in decent society, that might be fit for some employment beyond violence and breeding, but the state of their souls... I’ll admit, you’re the first to ask after that.’
He - didn’t he?
‘You told me to kneel!’
‘One is a taper in a cavern,’ Castiel persists, ‘and the other is-’
Another long pause. ‘You realise,’ she says, ‘that most of the omegas here are whores.’
The room is square, high-ceilinged, with tall arched windows that remind Castiel of a cathedral. He has spent many hours in this room over the last few months - some he remembers clearly, others less so; as if his mind has elected to fold them carefully away. like old clothes under a bed. He has watched dust motes dance in the streaming light from the windows, over and over, and stared into the calming landscape paintings that decorate the walls as if he could will himself inside them. He’s not fond of it, exactly, but there’s something safe about its familiarity: the scratch of the alienist’s pen as he writes his notes, the slow, constant tick of the carriage clock that sits on his desk.
The eldest Winchester wouldn't meet Castiel's eyes the entire time that he was taking care of the abrasions on his lover's torso and it tore at the smaller man. He needed the reassurance that only meeting Dean's loving gaze could bring him. The longer the silence bore down on him, the harder it was for the Angel to keep his tears at bay. He heard Dean's breath hitch when one landed on his hand.
"Oh, shit!" Dean moaned. The hunter grabbed behind his knees to keep his hole easily accessible as Castiel worked his own seed out over several heated minutes. When there was no more cum to be had, he leaned up to meet Dean in a kiss full of tongue and cum that they traded between them until they swallowed it away. The men finally relaxed until Dean began to laugh to himself a little. Castiel shot him a squint.
The following morning Dean awoke to an empty bed and he immediately panicked.
"Dean. Stop it. When we fix your brother, because we will, we are going to all of us sit down and talk. I know that you hate what you have termed hen moments-"
"Are you fucking serious?!" Dean exclaimed gripping his hair harder.
"To be eaten?" asked Castiel as he ghosted his hand along Dean's erection.
"How disgustingly adorable, Winchester," smirked Crowley as he walked away.
"You've done so well keeping quiet, beloved, I want to hear everything you've been holding back," the angel cooed softly in Dean's ear.
"Fuck, baby, how often do you finger yourself thinking of me?"
"You know what, Cas? Fuck you," Dean hisses. He's had enough of this.
"Hey, baby, I found a casual looking place that we can try," Dean said sheepishly as he makes his way off the highway.
Castiel didn't answer at first because the question was so random. Of course there are the obvious things that he misses like being to flit around quickly, having superhuman strength, and having the ability to heal. After another moment's consideration he answers, "My wings. I miss flying in general, but I genuinely miss my wings."
Dean grabbed the back of Castiel's neck and brought him closer still, the new angle causing Castiel to hit that place deep within him that would be his undoing. "Cas!" he gasped, "Fuck, baby, I'm so close!"
"Yeah, it'll let me kill the queen bitch which is all I need it to do," retorted Dean.
" He squeezed Dean's rapidly forming erection firmly and captured the resulting moan with his mouth.
"Did I wake you, Cas? I can call you tomorr-"
"Whoa, when did I get here?" asked Sam in horror after taking in his surroundings. He finally looked to his big brother for an answer. It really breaks Dean's heart to have to do this.
soul. I was not to be deterred in that."
Dean slowly opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is a little gray rabbit that had grown curious about his presence. Perhaps he is close to the animal’s den? He reaches out a hand to pet the rabbit and picks him up to see him better.
The unlikely pair had been forced into the house by Cain himself. Crowley is a nervous wreck on the couch, which does nothing for Dean's nerves by the way, and Dean can't help but state the obvious.
Castiel chuckled heartily. "You are adorably predictable, Dean." The seraph left a small peck on the hunter's lips then proceeded to haul Dean towards the head of the bed and tied him to the middle post. After depositing him, he came to an unfortunate conclusion, but it was quickly followed by another look and a snap of his fingers. Cold air caused Dean to suck in a breath and looked down at his naked body. "I apologize, Dean, I did not plan ahead and tied you up before undressing you. I have remedied the issue."
"Not a clue."
"Call me, Dean. And what, pray tell, would your name be?"
"And?"
“A psychiatrist?” the shorter man deadpanned.
"Cas, that look on your face is giving me the heebie-jeebies." What he really meant by "heebie-jeebies" was "turned the fuck on." Castiel stopped abruptly and frowned for a moment.
"Sweetheart, would you just let me finish before your mind goes a mile a minute in the wrong direction?" Dean spoke soothingly, rubbing a calming hand up and down the other man's spine. "Now, look at me, Cas. There we go, look at you, gorgeous. Now, how's about a smile for, daddy?" Castiel couldn't keep the corners of his mouth from lifting even if he still had his Grace to help him maintain his emotionless facade. "That doesn't count, baby, a real smile." The Angel found himself obeying immediately, a full smile gracing his lips. "Mmm. Perfect. Now, back to what I was saying before," Dean continued, "I've never done that before but I'm not unwilling to do it if that's what you want, Angel. You didn't hesitate to do it for me so why should I be a hard ass and not return the favor? I gotta warn ya, though, this ass might be the only virgin part of me, but I'm sure it's gonna rock your world better than that chick that had her way with you," he ended with a smirk. Castiel could only look at Dean in shock for a moment before his mouth caught up with his brain. Smirking, he ran his finger back down the cleft of Dean's ass and circled his fingers around his entrance.
“Eh, dude’s right though. I gotta get right first, and after I get back to myself don’t let me take this back.” Dean takes his left hand to caress Castiel’s cheek and rubs his thumb under the angel’s bottom lashes. “I might not remember you that well, but something in the back of my mind tells me that you’re important.”
"Cas, fuck, enough. Fuckin'
“Speak for yourself, Samuel, I’d love to catch an eyeful of those two in action.” Rowena looked right at the bed just as she walked in. A pout immediately painting her face when she saw the bed was empty.
"Why can't you just zap out of here?"
"You couldn't have known this would happen."
"Sure thing,
"Dean?" Castiel moved a little closer, holding up his hand. "Do you remember me?"
"Malachi, please. Do what you want with me. Leave Dean out of this," begged the Angel.
"Some of those are false memories," Castiel explained while avoiding eye contact.
"We didn't. The location spell was for the blade. One-time deal," he answered.
Dean sat in the darkness of his room for God knows how long before he finally plucked up the courage to go talk to his brother. Before he could knock on the door, he heard voices inside.
After Dean and Crowley left to follow the lead from Tara, they found themselves outside of a quaint little abode. Tara, they discovered, had been another Hunter that had helped John with the Abaddon's underling. After scolding Dean for working with Crowley, she revealed that she had spent years of her life chasing after the blade, but was deterred when she couldn't find an ingredient that Crowley just so happened to have. If Dean's "it's a trap" bells, weren't ringing before, they're most definitely starting to now.
Charlie frowned. "I'm sorry."
Dean's jaw dropped in shock before he giggled (Or not, if he's telling the story to Sam.) "You've been working on your flirting skills, handsome?" asked Dean as he stepped close enough to Castiel to grab him by the waist.
"Do you want to find those two Angels or not? I need those things to run facial recognition programs, police radio scanners from the around the country, and all kinds of computer geek stuff, alright? Plus, we've got to upgrade the internet around here. This connection is disgusting."
Castiel gives a look that Dean hasn't seen in a long time and has to admit he has missed. It's that particular condescending "I'm-an-angel-of-the-Lord-and-I-am-holier-than-thou" expression that is facing him right now.
"Oh, shit, Daddy, yes!" Dean moaned. Who knew the literal angel in the room was going to be the one with the dirtiest mouth?
"Winchester. Dean Winchester," he said with his drool-inducing southern drawl.
," answered Sam cheekily as he proceeded to bring the spoon to his lips.
"Yes." The word was hardly out of his mouth before Dean pulled back and set a slow rhythm, ending each forward thrust with a roll of his hips. The hunter continued showering his Angel with kisses, running a hand through his hair and pulling slightly to gauge a reaction out of him. The low groan and scratch of fingers down his back were a positive indication that Dean was pushing all the right buttons so far but there was one thing that seemed just outside of his gras-
"Regardless," Castiel continued, "I thought we were going to participate in intercourse when you arrived."
"Do you have a plug, Dean?"
he thought to himself. Castiel could feel that familiar magnetic pull towards Dean and found himself leaning forward slowly. He will not deny the fact that he has harbored feelings for his charge for what felt like centuries. He could feel Dean's breath on his lips, but right before they met, Dean pulled away with a pained look on his face. He doesn't need to be an Angel to know the turmoil that is whirling around in his Hunter's mind.
"Wha-what're you doing here? Please tell me you're not the werewolf!" pleaded Dean. In his defense, he's still a little groggy. Not the best thing when potentially fighting a werewolf, but what can you do?
The seraph rose to his knees and asked for the lube and was settled back between Dean's bowed legs after a quick trip to the man's duffle bag. He slicked his cock and was going to begin the plunge within when Dean called out, "Wait! What about a condom?"
"I missed you too, Sammy. Did you get taller?! Anyway, almost had to beg Bobby and Rufus to give me time off to see you. I had to help them catch this really bad mother of a dude before I earned my time off, as if I haven't already. Grumpy old coots. So how is school going? Is my money making it's way to ya on time?" Whenever Dean asked that question, Sam always felt a little guilty that his brother was having to help him pay for his stay at the school. "Yeah, Dean, they are." Now, big brother has always been a mind reader when it comes to his little brother; he saw that flash of guilt make it's way across his eyes.
"Well, I'd really like to feel you," he smirked.
"It's been quite uneventful, actually. I am currently somewhere in Louisiana."
"Dean, you may move," moaned Castiel after a few moments.
Dean wasted no time in pulling himself up and dropping down like an old pro. Every time he dropped back down onto Castiel's lap, he'd squeeze while rolling his hips. Each drop would bring a grunt from Castiel. The angel could only hold onto Dean's ass to help leverage and set a faster pace. All too soon, both men could feel themselves rushing towards the finish line.
"Shit, Cas," breathed Dean spreading his legs further. Once full seated, Castiel resumed kissing his lover so that Dean could get used to the intrusion. After a moment's pause, Castiel hoisted one of Dean's legs onto his shoulder and pushed the other one flush against Dean's chest and began a relentless pace.
"No, I don't, actually."
Dean scoffed in derision as he leaned against the counter, gripping it tightly. Just what betrayal is he talking about?
"Fuck, baby, you're giving me that look again and I can't tell who's going to be what this time," Dean said with a breathy voice.
After eating a simple breakfast with Sam and Kevin, Castiel took to walking around aimlessly throughout the bunker. He had the whole day to kill, and so he meandered in and out of rooms for hours without paying much attention. He spent a lot of time in the storage room, rummaging through odds and ends he came across. One item that caught his eye was a box that wasn't as dusty as everything else in the room with a note on top. It read:
Later, as the brothers and the Angel ate their dinner (Dean's special burgers, fries, and homemade apple pie) Sam decided to break the awkward silence that was suffocating everyone in the room.
Dean stands up from the bed, and heads to the shower hoping, that metaphorically he can absolve himself from the sins he is going to commit before he actually does them.
"Oh, cramps?" the Hunter replied sardonically, facing towards the house in front of them once again.
, Sam. I've never been in a relationship before and I was not aware that he was just as down trodden as I feel."
"Is something the matter, Dean?" he whispers. Surely the only reason Dean would bother him would be for help.
“Are we expecting anyone else?” asks Dean as he makes his way towards the door. However, before he is halfway there the door unlocks and in walks the one person Sam was unknowingly praying for.
"Please, do," said Castiel as he pulled Dean in for a kiss that set his very soul on fire. They pulled apart just as it was getting hard to breathe. They brought their foreheads together and basked in each other's presence before the blue eyed man initiated another heated kiss. "Fuck me, Dean," he said as he pulled away. Dean shivered again at the state of the shorter man's voice.
"You taste so good, baby. Give me the rest, please, I wanna make you feel so good."
In fact, the Angel honestly can't remember a time when he wasn't in love with Dean...even before the Hunter in front of him was born. As a fledgling, he would ask his Father when his charge was going to be born. This would earn him a fond chuckle and a pat to the head. "Do not fret, Castiel, he will be here before you know it," his Father would answer. The Angel could only pout with petulance.
"Uh, yeah. Ezekiel. We already know that, dumb ass."
Castiel huffed a breath of annoyance and petulantly sat down in the passenger's seat to keep up his act. Dean rolled his eyes and made his way to the driver's side and turned to the other man and asked, "Have you had a chance to look around yet?" When Castiel shook his head he proceeded to say, "Alright, well let's drive around 'til we find a nice restaurant, ok?" He sighed when all he received was a curt nod in return. He backed out of the hotel and drove off in the direction of the highway with a clenched jaw.
Dean couldn't help the shiver that ran down his spine. "Well, show me what you've learned, baby."
"Hello, Dean," replied Castiel bashfully.
"You. Because I know what lies beneath that rough exterior you are so keen to hide behind," countered Castiel.
Dean grows increasingly annoyed the longer he doesn’t receive an answer. “Come on, people!”
Dean shot Sam an indignant look before smugly taking a breath to retort. “My name is…m-my name is…f-fuck. What was I was saying?” Sam could only give his brother a bitch face in return. He'd proven his point.
Seeing Castiel lose himself so wantonly made Dean go over the edge into his own release. After coming down from their highs, Dean pulled out of his lover and laid next to him gasping for breath.
"Just humor me, Cas. Human tradition, remember?" Dean asked with a pleading tone to his voice.
There was silence for a beat before Dean realized what Castiel had just implied. "Are-are you kicking me out? Who the hell-"
"What, darker than you?" Dean had to turn to the Demon for real now. What could possibly make the King of Hell nervous?
"Hush, Dean. You will get what I want to give you when I want to give it to you and not a second before. Am I understood?"
"I promise, sweetheart. Come on, let's pack the car and I'll drive you to the bus stop," said Dean before he lost his resolve.
Sam dropped his fork and looked sternly at his brother, "What's he talking about, Dean?"
After Dean read the last text from Charlie, he decided that it was time to sleep the day off. His only wish that it would be dreamless was not granted:
"You cannot mean that, Samuel. I know that the love for your brother is deeply ingrained."
"Ooooo, haven't had one of those in a while. How far is it?" asked Dean excitedly.
"It was better this way. I'd still be there if I had awakened you." Dean knew he was right, of course, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt like a son of a bitch.
Dean knows that
An hour later and the group are parked outside of the house when Sam turns to address everyone else. “Ok, guys, remember that these witches lost their brother and they are pissed. Who knows what they’re doing right now. Cas, you’re on your own and Rowena you’re with me.”
"Alright...shoot, Cas."
It was Castiel's turn to blush again. He was looking everywhere but at the people in the room. At the sound of a large sigh, the angel looked up to meet green eyes full of mirth and, dare he think it, affection?
"Fuck, Dean. Don't stop. Deeaaaannn." That last version of his name set Dean afire from within. He knew he was close but he wanted to make sure that Castiel finished first.
"Dean! Oh my God! I've missed you so freaking much!" said Sam as he made his way towards his older brother and hugged him tightly.
"That sounds great, Cas," replied Dean, "Maybe I could go with you next time and you can show me around."
"I tried, but you insisted on doing it your way. I only conceded when I knew this way, I'd get the privilege of having my way with you in your car," finished Castiel with a smirk.
"AH!" Dean yelled in surprise. He looked up into blue depths and surrendered himself to the rough meeting of their bodies as Castiel brutally pushed in and out of him. He could feel his cock valiantly begin to harden as Castiel hit his prostate with precision. "Fuck, Daddy! You fuck me so good," Dean whimpered.
"Dean, look at me," he whispered. Turning to face his Angel, Dean could feel a sting in the corners of his eyes as he met the equally sad expression on Castiel's face. When their gazes locked, they couldn't help but smile a little at the state they were in. "Promise me that you will tell me when you are upset about not being able to see me. You know I don't understand certain human nuances and I need your guidance."
"I can assure you, I was not. Nor have I ever been." Castiel was surprised that his voice did not shake with the tremble he was feeling deep within. Never has any being made him so fearful.
know that was a bad joke.”
"You are most welcome, Sam."
"No, Dean! It's him!" struggled Sam. Dean pointed the gun towards his brother looking more and more flustered.
"Oh, baby, you'd have to work really hard to disappoint me, alright?" Dean spoke just as softly so as to soothe his lover. He used his thumb and forefinger under the Angel's chin to bring their gazes together. He leaned forward until their foreheads touched and they just looked at each other until he brought their lips to brush. The kiss was sweet and comforting at first but it quickly became heated as Castiel shifted their faces to delve deeper into Dean's mouth with a hunger that was making Dean's knees weak. But as much as he would love to condone sex right now, he wanted to leave the love-making for later. He reluctantly pulls back and laughs at the growl he received for doing so.
Turning off the tap, Dean started to carefully wash Castiel who continued to keep his eyes closed as if he was too tired to hold them open any longer. He carefully avoided the scrapes he had accrued from his torture, but he would accidentally brush something that would make Castiel cry out. Dean could no longer hold back the sobs when he saw the tear tracks traveling down the Angel's face.
"Oh, shit. Look at that pretty mouth of yours taking me in." Castiel hummed around his cock and slowly pumped his own member in his hand as he continued pleasing Dean with his mouth. All too suddenly, in Dean's opinion, Castiel was standing up before him and pressing his fingers to Dean's mouth. Taking the hint, he opened his mouth and coated his fingers in saliva and released them with a 'pop'. Castiel proceeded to take his hand behind him and insert the digits one by one as he stretched himself. When he felt he was ready, he hoisted himself onto Dean's lap and slowly took him in. He paused briefly before he started a slow rhythm. "Fuck, Cas, you're so tight, baby," panted Dean as he started to meet Castiel thrust for thrust.
"It's Cain."
Sam, Dean, and Castiel were in the middle of BFE, Montana (Dean’s words.) The trio had caught wind of a rugaru that recently started wreaking havoc in a little town in the middle of the Midwest. After a few days of investigating and actually hunting and finally ganking the rugaru, however, the eldest brother was ready to drink and crash into one of the beds and get his four hours before beginning the trek back home.
"Chick-flick-"
"None of your business," he intoned.
“I don’t know much right now, Cas, just that you’re my hot best friend that I’ve been stupidly not having sex with. Is there something wrong with me? That guy and that chick didn’t say much.”
"Let's get dressed, beloved, I do not wish to stay sticky and dirty in the backseat of your car for much longer."
"Oh, you gotta teach me how to do that," exclaimed Dean. Hell, with that power, the Winchester would have Crowley permanently on mute.
"Well, good. Whatever. Just play by the rules, Crowley, and everyone gets what they want."
The hunter stepped into the shower feeling both lighter and heavier in spirit. He'd had to part from his lover, but he knew he'd be seeing him again soon.
Castiel sat in his bedroom for a few minutes waiting for Sam to go into his own room. The Angel knows that Sam is aware of his sleeping pattern, and he is grateful that the other man hasn't questioned him about it because his answer is not one that he is comfortable saying out loud. Castiel is not sure that he and Dean are still together, and he really just wants to drown in the scent he has come to associate with love before it is taken away from him for certain.
. Interfering was prohibited but no one could tell me it was wrong to look," he explained. Having used his body to keep Dean pressed against the wall allowed his hands the freedom to roam. The Angel brought his lips close enough to his Hunter's so that they were breathing each other's air and he brought one hand to the blond locks for control and the other to his lover's hip. "Rebuilding you after Hell gave me extra insight into every part of you that makes you tremble, Dean. Would you like for me to demonstrate?" He gripped the hair running between his fingers and gently pulled back. He watched as the Hunter's Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed nervously.
The Angel can still recall those years that it took for him to reach Dean in that dark abyss 45 years ago (in Hell/Earth years.) He and his garrison were dispatched from Heaven the moment that Dean's soul was dragged to Hell by the hound that tore him apart. They laid siege to the gates of Hell for nearly a month before they finally broke through. The chaos that ensued was almost unspeakable. The further and further they trudged into the void, the larger the legions of Hell seemed to get. Each more ferocious than the last and Castiel was beginning to worry that his brothers and sisters would fail before rescuing the Righteous Man. He was also afraid that it would break him. His sole purpose, his reason for existence, was to rescue the Righteous Man, and if he couldn't do that then he would at least make it easier for the next garrison to do his job. He would go down with a fight.
"You're going to kill me, Winchester," grunted Castiel as he hurried to fulfill the demands.
"I know my brother, you're family, he doesn't give up on family. Don't sweat it," Sam reassured.
"I like it very much," Castiel answered looking up briefly to address Sam and then back down towards his food.
Dean obeyed immediately and was rewarded with the angel's cock, causing his mouth to stretch more than he anticipated, making his moan in surprise. He had to concentrate to not gag too hard once the tip hit the back of his throat. It had been a while since he'd been with a man and his gag reflex was fighting to make an appearance. After a few shallow thrusts by Castiel, however, Dean was able to get it under control and he was pleased to hear Castiel's answering moans and increased pumps. The hunter kept eye contact with the seraph as he twirled his tongue on the underside of the head and swallowed around the tip.
“It’s not a burden,” Dean counters. “I’ll be here, Cas, you gotta know that. Whenever I can.”
“How would you know he has panic attacks?”
“Don’t be cute,” Dean grumbles, linking their fingers together. “But whatever. Since you’re nervous and all.”
By the time they make it to Superior, Cas is relaxed enough to laugh at Dean and Sam’s loud singing. He might be enjoying it too much, but Dean’s eyes are shining as he plays instruments on the steering wheel and Cas can’t find it in himself to look away.
“I trust you.”
“This about the hand holding?”
Dean gives Castiel the role of “prep cook” for the day. Breakfast is the traditional potatoes, bacon, and eggs. Thus, he is taught how to crack eggs properly, how to cut potatoes carefully, and that breakfast is not a justifiable time to introduce veggies to a diet. It’s relaxing work, standing next to the stove and slicing potatoes with Dean behind or beside him, instructing, talking, teasing.
A memory that leads him to thinking of what it was to hold Cas in his bed last night, run his fingers down his arm and listen to the way his breathing evened out. Dean almost wishes that he did something artistic. Cas deserves someone that could write a sonnet about the way his hair looks in the morning, or the sound of his laugh while they drive down the road in Baby, or how his eyes flick up into Dean’s because he’s also ducking his head to hide a smile and his lashes perfectly frame those fucking eyes-
The lighting in the hallway is much too bright, but it doesn’t matter. He blinks through the adjustment to take the few steps to Dean’s room. The door is open, so he feels less guilt about holding onto the doorframe and looking inside.
The endearment washes over him, and he nods. Dean opens the car door, and Castiel lovingly runs his hands over the leather as he leaves the seat. Together, they walk inside silently. Dean doesn’t look at Cas, but their hands slide together and he leads them back to his room. “Dean, what-”
The hunter looks at his phone and grins. “According to google, research is defined as ‘the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions.’ So observation should be included in that.”
“I will go to therapy.”
“We just want to help,” Sam adds, a sharp glance to his brother. “However you need to be helped.”
Dean is sitting on his bed. He’s listening to something through his headphones, wearing nothing but his boxers and a t-shirt as he lays on top of the covers and scribbles something on a notepad. He is, of course, breathtaking in how at peace he looks. It’s very rarely that Dean Winchester is at ease, the lines of his shoulders relaxed and the angle of his jaw not quite so prominent from the ever-present clenching through stress. Castiel forgets his anxieties for a moment and simply takes him in.
Cas smiles as the music begins to play. It’s a weak smile at best, but Dean seems to take it for the encouragement it is and grins to himself. He turns his gaze to the ceiling. Castiel opts to close his heavy eyes, thinking this may be how he relaxes, but he’s seized with a tightness in his chest. Behind his eyelids is the bleeding face of Jimmy, pleading for his daughter’s life. His eyes snap back open on a short breath.
He is a mass of atoms with nothing to offer the Winchesters, with nothing to offer Dean. He will no longer be able to protect and transport. He angelic abilities are gone, and his human abilities are...well, they are nonexistent.
“You’re being mean.”
“Hey, angel,” he says through the window. “You coming?”
It’s said in the early morning, when the bunker lights are still low and Dean’s only just murmured that he’s awake. Cas didn’t mean to bother him first thing, but he finds that he doesn’t regret it when Dean gives him a soft, sleepy smile. “Okay. I’m gonna call Garth and see if he knows anyone in the psychiatric field, since that might be easier for you. Not having to hide anything.”
He thinks he might be able to center himself like he used to, with thoughts of Sam and Dean, with the way it feels when the three of them are something that resembles family. Try as he might, though, the memory of laughing at Dean’s overdramatic singing does nothing to make the image of Dean, on his knees and covered in blood, go away.
“Okay but the general thing surprised me,” Sam sasses back. “It may have been a weak push, but he looked so…”
with it. There was a steady conversation with the world around him, always.
“Dean.” Cas rolls further to his side, tucking his hands under his own cheek to prevent himself from touching his friend even more. “You do realize this is not about you, correct? Whatever is happening to me is not a result of you lacking something. This home you’ve given me, your friendship...they are everything to me. I hate that I have nothing to give.”
Cas bites the inside of his cheek to keep himself composed, because Dean is getting that lovely flush up his neck, rising towards his jaw the more worked up he gets. Cas loves it, the way Dean is riled up and passionate and flushed, and Cas is the one who put that look there-
“She’s expecting us at eleven,” Dean says hesitantly. “Figured we could go ahead and get ready to leave.”
Cas turns sharply. Sam is in the doorway, holding his own basket of bed linens, that soft look on his face that Cas both hates and loves. Hates it because it feels like unnecessary concern, loves it because Sam only looks at Dean like that. It makes Cas feel special, even if he doesn’t deserve it.
He’s stopped short at the sight of Dean, scrambling to his feet like he’s shocked to see Cas. As if Cas is the one out of place. As if he wasn’t just sitting on a pile of blankets and his face doesn’t have creases from the way it was smushed into his pillow.
“Nothing’s wrong with you.”
And yet.
“Okay, yeah,” Dean huffs. “I can do that.”
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs, fingers twisting into Dean’s t-shirt. “Thank you.”
Dean doesn’t hold hands with people. He barely did it with Cassie, and he never did with Lisa. No, that’s something he apparently indulges Cas in, holding his fucking hand in plain view of Sam. In front of this strange doctor.
“You’re never letting me near oil again, are you?”
The first time it happens, Castiel is completely unprepared.
The next twenty-five minutes, Cas enjoys ridding himself of the grime and odor he’s accumulated over the last week or so. The shower is nothing short of heavenly, as if the pressure of the scalding water and scent of Dean’s soap have washed Cas clean in more ways than one. Stepping out of the steam and into a dry robe, Cas thinks he feels almost normal. Whatever that is.
And for now, it’s more than enough.
“I do want you around,” Dean speaks in measured words. “I’m sorry if I didn’t make it clear. I want you here, with me. As, you know. More than, well...more than. I can’t get my own shit together and I’m a mess and a half, but I’d lose it if you left, man. I need you. I want you.”
It’s three nights later when Castiel’s skin begins to prickle.
This is the exact reason Dean didn’t want to take shifts for their Cas vigil. He knew that the second he went to bed, Cas would come out of his room. Sure enough, Dean missed seeing the face he hasn’t seen for almost a week.
“Okay,” Cas agrees.
“You’re tired,” Dean says. “Let’s lay down.”
God, but the ache in his lungs hurts. “Of course.”
Dean plops gracelessly in front of Cas, a mountain of bacon and his own omelet on the table. “So.”
“I’m not talking about this with you, dude.”
“Not a chance, angel.”
“Are you sure?” Cas hears himself ask, but it feels disembodied. Dean is asking him to come into his bed. “I don’t want to-”
He pulls, but his arms are absent of strength.
“I very much doubt that me going to therapy will take away the fact that I need you.”
Dean can hear the bitch face.
He can’t leave the room.
“I am happy.”
“It’s not just a bad week, Dean. Continuous panic attacks aren’t something to ignore.”
Cas halts from where he’s scooping potatoes into the skillet that Dean holds, his friend’s mouth snapping shut. Cas looks at him with slightly wide eyes, unable to close off his feelings. There’s a large relief that Dean doesn’t necessarily want him to go away, and something softer at the implication Dean is making: that he enjoyed having Cas with him.
Cas is stuck in a cycle.
“Waiting for you, man.” Dean scratches at the back of his neck. “You wouldn’t come out of your room, wouldn’t talk to us. I was kinda freakin’ out, you know?”
Cas nods again. Dean nods back, once, and looks back to the ceiling. His fingers began tracing the back of Castiel’s knuckles, touch light enough to be considered tender, but firm enough that it doesn’t tickle. It sends a spark up Cas’s nerves, right into the base of his skull. Almost immediately, the images of Jimmy and Claire that flash through his mind fuzz into static.
Cas swallows. “I don’t know what help I need. Perhaps this is what all humans experience and I am adjusting.”
Cas jogs to keep up, warmed by the generosity.
“Alright then,” Dean says, voice cutting over the protests from Sam. “Finish your breakfast. We need to go shopping, and the nearest Wal-Mart is forty-five minutes away.”
Instead, he is drawn into a terrible state of in-between. His skin begins to crawl, something moving under the surface to give him a distinct discomfort he cannot name. It prevents him from sleeping. He tosses within the sheets that looked welcoming hours ago. Now, however, they’re insufferable, confining him so that he cannot properly breathe. And in all of this, when he tries to pull focus from the sweat gathering at the base of his spine, his mind...his mind turns.
“Oh,” Cas murmurs. There’s silence again, nothing but the comfort of Dean’s hands on his body, bringing static to his mind. His eyes are heavy with the relief of no thought, but he knows he needs to ask his question before he loses his nerve. “Dean?”
. You’re not useless. And even if you were, it wouldn’t matter. You know that, right?”
“Cas, it’s fine, its just-” Dean pinches off his words and steps closer. “Can we talk about it what locked you in your room for forever?”
Except, it isn’t. Because Castiel suddenly has his own thoughts, alone, to cope with. There is nothing to focus on. No rebellion, no purpose, no use-
Dr. Aliona was an older woman with silver hair and uncomfortably violet eyes. Dean had trouble looking at her during introductions, but Cas seemed soothed by her soft voice and the soft handshake she gave. She let them both know that for this appointment, she would just be asking him a few questions about his symptoms and his thought processes. It wasn’t going to be too difficult, and they would just spend this time getting to know one another. It would be about an hour and a half, and Dean could come pick him back up.
Smiling to himself, Cas follows the bickering brothers down the hall to get ready.
Cas frowns. “To who?”
“Because it is
“My potatoes do not look haggard. They can’t be.”
“It’s alright, Sam.” Cas wonders if the brothers can see the effort draining from him, and attempts to bolster himself. “I mostly occupy myself with thoughts of my wrongdoings and shortcomings. Of the fact that I have no use to you both any longer, and I am completely incompetent in basic human practices-”
“Dean,” Cas wants to argue, but pushes ahead. “You didn’t mind having me there?”
When Cas wakes up two weeks after running away from Dean in the library, he feels like he’s been awoken in more ways than one. The mere concept of getting out of bed doesn’t seem so daunting. Indeed, he climbs from the sheets and notices for the first time since his arrival that he hasn’t washed them. With horror, he catches that there’s a slight musk to them that is decidedly not pleasant. His pillow case no doubt has grease from his hair and face, and he’s been wearing the same clothes.
“You said you would tell me what's going on,” Dean says. “So what’s going on?”
“Wanna, uh, talk about it?” Dean says, an awkward invitation at best. Cas still loves him for it, and shakes his head as he slides into the sheets. “Alright, then, distraction. I’m a professional at that, so we’re gonna start with a lil’
Not wanting to be any more of an inconvenience, Cas ensures that he gets ready quickly. He ignores the lure of the shower, with the hot water and heavy pressure on his muscles. Instead, he simply runs a brush through his hair and washes his face. He smiles through the process, remembering Dean’s light groaning to contradict Sam’s encouragement on the importance of skin care. The memory, as well as the process of applying a “serum” and lotion, calms Castiel’s nerves.
No such relief comes. Cas stays curled against the iron, sinking into the floor, refusing his tears and captured by his own mind.
His skin has been crawling for approximately twenty four hours. He doesn’t pay much attention to it, assuming that it’s simply an adjustment period because he has no grace to help him accommodate his vessel. He’s had a long few days of traveling back to the bunker, of celebrating with the Winchesters and reveling in the fact that they are somehow together and alive and it’ll actually be okay.
“Do you think he keeps coming out when he knows I’m gone?” Dean does not pout when he asks. At the responding look from Sam, Dean decides he doesn’t want to know and plops down onto their makeshift vigil pallet. “Nevermind. Get some shut eye, Sam.”
He does what he’s been doing for the past two weeks, and he waits.
“You just-” Dean cuts himself off. “You know you can talk to me, right?”
“Yes, I do.” Dean throws a wink to Cas. “Now, come on kid, get your ass ready to leave.”
“Dean, what were you doing on the floor outside my room?” Cas asks. He wonders if he’s missed something through the years with the Winchesters. He’s understood that standing watch is not acceptable for non-hunting situations.
He gasps for breath, but his useless human lungs don’t work, and then he’s panicking. He strips the shirt from his torso, stays close to the ground, and attempts to breathe. Surely he can stand, straighten his chest and give his body the chance to right itself? He must, so he reaches for the wire bed frame and wraps both hands around it.
“He’ll be okay, Dean.”
His throat constricts of its own accord, and his lips part in an attempt to take in more air. Dean notices immediately, a frown on his face. “Cas?”
Clearly having heard him, Dean turns his head. “Cas?”
Fuck, he’s so far gone on this man, he decided to hold his hand like teenager at the movies. He’s feeling similarly, hand tingling at the memory alone.
It doesn’t work, it’s not cold enough.
Cas snaps his jaw shut.
He and Dean are sitting in the library. He requested Cas come help him with some research, his words taking a tone that Cas has learned not to argue with. So they sit across from one another, fresh cups of coffee between them, and steadily search through books for information on how to deal with wood nymphs. Castiel finds no information about their deaths other than cutting them off from access to their home (information Garth says is not helpful). Thus, he spends most of their time flipping through a journal holding a personal account from a British Man of Letters, which details his experience with the wood nymph’s healing abilities. He’s just getting to the part where the man is being taught how to center himself with the earth’s magic when Dean taps the table in front of him.
“Okay, no problem,” Dean says. “Come on in, man.”
Dean’s lip twitches in the left corner. He huffs out a chuckle, almost like it surprises him, and looks at the ceiling again. “C’mon, enough of that. Gimme your arm.”
“I struggle to comprehend that, and I ask that you give me time. That you give me patience with that, as well as whatever is wrong with me.”
It’s easier to busy himself with his food, spreading the salsa across the omelet before spearing it with his fork. When he scoops it into his mouth, the mixture of cheese and tomatoes and peppers settles pleasantly on Cas’ tongue. He realizes he’s barely eaten anything besides granola bars for nearly two weeks, as everything has tasted like sawdust. But not this food, prepared by his dearest friend in their...home.
“Too bad,” Dean huffs. He tugs on the string of Castiel’s hoodie. “I’m not dropping you off without meeting her.”
Then, he exhales. Cas feels his body sink back into the mattress and a hand reaches for his in the dark. As usual, the press of Dean’s skin against his own soothes him.
For the first time in his life, Castiel feels content. He knows the road to becoming comfortable in his human body will be a long one. He is not foolish enough to think this moment will solve all of his problems. But in this moment? He feels...loved.
“Sorry to disappoint, angel, but you’ve managed it. All...uneven and sad.”
The ride to the diner is quiet.
“Nah, I can get a better deal at Big Ollie’s,” he says. His eyes drop to the book in Castiel’s hands. “Lets get that one, yeah? Give you something to read when you want to take your mind off things.”
Can’t face Dean.
“You really don’t have to come in, Dean.”
“I’d like to think about it, if that’s alright,” Cas says so that he doesn’t confess to anything. “But I appreciate your concern.”
“Are you gonna talk about it with anyone?”
“I, uh,” Castiel begins, then stops, clearing his throat. Sweat gathers at the back of his spine and his brow prickles and there’s nothing cold around him and- “I’m sorry, I am very tired. I’m going to go lie down, if it’s alright with you.”
“Nah, Superior has an old bookstore. I’m taking Sammy to nerd out during your appointment. And there’s a killer diner in the middle of their downtown area - best Rueben you’ll ever have.”
“No,” Cas says instantly, and that’s the wrong thing, because Dean’s jaw ticks. “Or, we can. Would it be acceptable to talk after I wash these and bathe?”
He sleeps until morning.
“Cas,” Dean says weakly. “Come on, man, you gotta fuckin’ talk to me.”
Cas gives Dean a jerky nod, and flees.
“Right.” he nods. “Okay. Glad you’re getting some rest, buddy.”
In the store, Dean is looking for a new TV stand while Castiel stands amongst the books and finds himself reading the backs of many. He’s always loved stories, carried a millennia in his mind. He wonders if this is how humans cope with limited minds. They have stories in their heads that they cannot keep, so they put them onto paper and their minds are free to learn other things.
Some days, it’s easy to ignore that loving Dean is fruitless. He still has special smiles from the man, still has researching and silly arguments, movie nights and
“In the silence I’ve experienced since I fell, my head is somehow loud. I can’t seem to stop my own thoughts. They twist and they turn until it is easier to sink into the darkness and not feel. If I feel, I hurt, and then I cannot breathe for the weight of the hurt.”
Obeying this most recent instruction means that Castiel’s arm now lays across Dean’s torso. The hunter clears his throat and readjusts Cas’s limb to be more comfortable for them both. “Alright. Let me know if it doesn’t work and we’ll find something else to do, yeah?”
, and it should be enough. It is enough. Even when those unbidden thoughts arise, it’s alright. He loves Dean, and he’s never going to have him, and it’s okay.
Just as his breath shortens and the air turns stale, Castiel kicks away the covers. He can’t - won’t - do this again. Not after coming awake from the past few weeks. He has to get out of here, get new air. So, he throws himself from his bed and stumbles for the door.
Cas cuts him off by tilting his face up and pressing his lips to Dean’s jaw. Tension bleeds from Dean’s limbs and he draws Castiel closer, his own lips pressing to Cas’s forehead. It’s chaste, nowhere near reflecting the desire normally curling through his body where Dean is concerned. But, neither press for more. Instead, they go back to where they lay, curled together with Dean running his hands comfortingly over Castiel’s body, humming a song under his breath.
Interlude II
“I’m gonna keep asking.”
“You can’t wear your jeans, though, because it’s, like, completely against the rules.”
Cas smiles, Dean colors, and they turn towards the practice together.
Wanted.
“Do you have to show him every terrible human food?” Sam complains.
, you’ve got to be kidding me. You’re going to sit here and make me explain observational studies?”
“Don’t wanna ask what it is?”
Castiel smiles at Dean and digs back into his omelet.
“But you said observing can’t be observing and researching.”
He remembers Jimmy, locked away inside him and mourning the sacrifice of his family. He thinks of Claire and her only concern being her father’s well being. He thinks of how he failed them both.
One human who was immeasurably important.
“Hmm.” Cas knows he’s right, but truthfully? He loves to hear Dean talk. “Defend your point. How is first-hand observation a study of materials and sources?”
“Stop,” he tells himself. He reaches blindly for the light, flicking it off. The dark brings some reprieve. “Stop it, stop it, focus Castiel.”
“I’m literally bigger than you.”
“Observation, so suck it.”
“Okay,” Dean says slowly. “Well, you don’t wanna talk but just thinking ain’t working, so I’m gonna try something my mom used to when my dad got all antsy. I don’t remember why, but she used to do it as kind of a distraction. Worked once on me when I had a nightmare, so maybe it’ll do the trick for you.”
It doesn’t work.
It’s a risk, asking. But he knows he didn’t imagine the way Dean looked at him over the skillet this morning, or the words he said about holding Cas. So, he takes the plunge anyway and looks imploringly at Dean.
The hot oil stung, and Cas knows it is already blistering. “I’ll be fine. Just need some cool water.”
They spoke about everything and somehow nothing. Cas explained his fall from Grace, his love for Dean and Sam and humanity. They discussed his apparent need to please and touched on his usefulness for the Winchesters.
He has no idea what to expect from this appointment. Observing mankind has done nothing to tell him what a therapist might ask, what they’ll say is wrong with him, what she’ll expect him to do to fix it. How will she know, simply by talking? Because that’s what he feels is what they’re going to be doing. He’s heard it in passing, that therapy is simply someone talking to you and you talking to them. He doesn’t understand how it could be terribly conducive.
“Hmm.”
Cas reaches for the salsa. “So?”
Cas elects not to say anything else. He watches in what he hopes is a subtle fashion, slowing his movements so he can mimic Sam’s actions as needed. The other man continues as if Castiel is not present, reaching for the wire cart in the room and opening a bottle of clear liquid. He pours some into the cap. Dumping it into the washer, he then recaps the bottle and passes it to Cas wordlessly. Cas hesitantly does the same thing he saw Sam do before walking the bottle back to its place on the cart. Meanwhile, Sam presses some buttons on the machine and collects his basket, nodding to Cas on his way out.
He screws his eyes shut. Presses the heels of his hands into the lids.
After breakfast, Cas and Sam clean up while Dean steps out to give Garth a call. By the time he comes back, the kitchen is clean and Dean has the number of a woman with a practice only forty-five minutes from Lebanon.
For the most part.
“Cas,” Dean says gruffly. “What thoughts do you have?”
Castiel feels tears fall, hot and wet down his face, and shame courses through him. Not only is he now useless, he is also pathetic. How incapable can one person be? Curled up against the footrest of his bed, which he did nothing to earn or work for, has simply been gifted because of the generosity of the family he should not have, does not deserve, cannot possibly ever earn, oh god,
So when he gets into his new bed that night to rest, he isn’t expecting restlessness. He is exhausted, the pull of sleep so alluring he closes his eyes and knows he will slip into the oblivion he so rarely knew as an angel.
“Okay,” Cas breathes.
As if sensing Castiel’s gaze, his hand pauses and he looks up. His eyebrows scrunch together. “Cas. You okay?”
“He’s human, Sammy, and you’re a giagantor.”
Sometimes, Cas likes to smile softly at Dean and pretend it means something.
Dean fusses, takes him to the sink where he gets the water running. He pulls Castiel’s hand beneath the faucet and the relief is immediate. “I’m sorry. I should have been paying attention. And I’m the one who might have made it weird.”
“So what?”
“Then let's start with what you’re experiencing,” Sam says. “What’s got you holed up in your room?”
His first observation of it is that it’s quiet. No "angel radio" as Dean likes to call it, no access to his brothers and sisters. Even when he began to fall, cut off from the Host, he could hear them. Sense them. Feel them. In fact, he could sense the creation around him. Elements rolled, crashed, breathed in unison and he
So he hides, curled up in his chair, lost in his own mind.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas hopes he sounds as sincere as he feels when he takes the offered plate. It seems that it works when Dean grunts noncommittal, but his cheeks flush and he ducks his head. Cas takes the small enjoyment for what it is and heads to the table. Dean prefers to sit across from Cas, so he places himself next to Sam, who gives him a gentle elbow to the ribs before going back to his own breakfast.
“Shit, Cas, you good?”
He nods, jerkily.
“Good morning, Sam,” Cas says evenly. “I apologize if I’m in the way.”
“Cas?”
“Okay,” Dean says. “I’m gonna, uh, go get you a washcloth, okay? We’ll keep it wrapped. You are off kitchen duty for the morning.”
“I hate for you to have to drive me, Dean.”
Castiel’s eyes close. He doesn’t want to argue, so he takes a slow breath. “My point still stands. I’ve asked much of you. So I ask for one more thing. Patience.”
Though he was loath to leave Cas alone for the first time since his fall, Dean gave him the space he needed. He tapped his chin (seriously, he needed to stop doing that) and let go of his hand.
Castiel has gotten better at lying, but swore he would no longer do it to Dean or Sam. So instead of giving a falsehood, he looks down and takes another bite of his food. This proves to frustrate Dean, who clenches his fists in Cas’s periphery.
Color creeps up and Dean’s skin, a path from his clavicle to his jaw that Castiel can’t help but track with his eyes.
Dean’s hands pause where they’re at, but instead of withdrawing, they simply hold on where they are. This means Dean’s hand is cupping the back of Castiel’s neck and holding his hand. The intimacy of it could bring Cas to his knees if he weren’t already laying down.
He does not know how to clean.
Fresh tears prick in his eyes from shame, but it's not as all encompassing as it has felt lately. Strangely, he feels almost too exhausted to do more than blink through the sting. Gathering his sheets and pillow case, as well as his blanket, he decides he needs to freshen up his...everything. He strips himself of his dirtied pajamas, adds them to his pile of bedding, and lifts it all in his arms. Fumbling, he gets the door open and steps into the hallway.
It’s remarkable: how Dean sometimes sees Cas so well, even when he doesn’t voice his thoughts. Dean knows him. Knows that, if told by the brothers that he had to speak to someone, he would. And yet Dean is giving him an out, giving him an option.
“Oh, how
“You don’t have to give anything, man.”
He’s going to say something, look into those blinking green eyes and ask him to validate Castiel. Right as he takes in a breath to speak, though, one of the potatoes slips from his hands and drops into the oil Dean’s been heating. It splashes back onto the back of his hand, startling a curse from his lips and an instinctual drop of the rest of the potatoes. He and Dean jump back, the latter cradling Cas’s hand in his with a grumble.
“I need you too, Cas. I need you...here, and healthy, and happy.”
Now, it’s empty.
Sam and Dean take his silence in stride. Dean plays a Queen cassette, different from last night, and Cas tilts his head back against the seat. The music is filled with such passion that Cas is able to breathe it in and let it wash over him, even without Dean’s touch to soothe. It’s easier in the light of day.
“Because what he’s describing I’ve dealt with,” Sam snaps. He ignores his brother and turns to Cas again. “Are you? Having panic attacks?”
“Can I ask what made your decision?”
He opens his eyes to find that he’s in the bunker garage. Sam is already heading inside, but Dean is leaning down by Castiel’s door.
“I enjoy being close to you, Dean.”
“Yeah.”
me? Dude.”
He stumbles on that one.
“She’s hiding Kevin, you can’t call her.”
Dean pushes off the bookshelf and shoots a lopsided smile at Sam. “This conversation is not happening. Go back to your books.”
After he’s peeled off his hoodie, he follows Dean into the bed. It’s almost laughably easy, how they come together. Cas presses close, his forehead to Dean’s pulse point and Dean’s arm wrapping around him. His right hand immediately begins scratching lightly across Cas’s back, and his left hand works patterns across the arm Cas has draped over Dean’s torso.
Obeying, Castiel eases more into the room. Dean pulls back the covers on the side of the bed he’s not on, making a clear spot for Cas. Since Dean isn’t under the blanket, it’s still an offer of sharing space without breaking a clear boundary. Cas supposes that’s fair.
He wonders if that is how he will cope with his human mind.
Dean is pretty much a mess the whole time Cas is in his appointment.
“I don’t think the world is quite so limited its not multifaceted, but-”
At first, Castiel is unsure of how to respond. He doesn’t truly know what it is, how to explain so he creases his brow and searches for a correct phrasing in any of the languages. He thinks of how to communicate what it was like to live in his own head for days on end, to be functioning at bare minimum. To spend all of his energy to relieve himself and take a sip of water before falling back asleep. To muffle his cries in his blanket while seeking the cold of his floor, sneaking to the kitchen to press ice cubes into his skin to get some relief from the smothering thoughts.
Dean refuses, says he won't sleep if it meant Cas wasn't beside him, that Benny can keep them safe. Deep down, Cas knows why Dean is doing this.
"We ran out of coffee grounds this morning"
Dean pulls away and starts shifting around, and suddenly he is on Cas’ lap, arm wrapped around Cas' neck in an embrace. They're so close, so close together. Dean leans back down to resume the kiss, and Cas doesn’t know what to do, doesn’t know where to put his hands, barely knows how to make out, but he tries, for Dean. His hands were gripping Dean's clothes when he noticed that he was shaking. Dean’s hand comes up on Cas’ face, fingers running through Cas’ hair. Cas realizes: Dean is shaking too.
“I’m sorry. I should have checked my phone.” and he sounds sorry too. Dean wishes he was sorry enough to come back.
Cas must know then. Surely he must know. Dean hasn't said it, not even in prayer, not even to himself. But surely, Cas must have felt it, in the way Dean begged for him to come back. Surely he must know.
You don’t know. You only know one thing: you wish you were, so this man can love you, too.
“I think it’s time for us to live as just Sam, and just Dean, you know. Not tied together like that. I mean he’s my little brother, and I love him, but I think it’s time to live for myself now.”
Dean stops dead in his tracks. The voice is gravelly, familiar. Shit.
They head straight to the bunker center table after. Dean made homemade burgers and chili fries for everyone. Sam, Cas, and Eileen talk and sign to each other. Dean feels the odd one out on the table. He is cordial, though. He keeps his ears open for any remark to give away what Cas’ life is like now. He doesn’t get any such luck.
Dean moves away from Cas the moment they both finish. He’s being silent, and not the comfortable kind. Cas is lying down on his side on the bed. Dean leans over to his bag, shuffles around for a bit.
he responds.
It’s when the lesions climb up his back that he goes to a dermatologist in Lawrence.
"You didn't contact me." Cas replies, matter-of-fact.
So apparently, the psoriasis
Eileen laughs at that. A hearty one. Dean can’t help but smile. “Yeah, feelings and stuff”
What Castiel would give to see Dean’s soul now, to know him with the same certainty that he used to.
Cas leans forward, and so does Dean, and suddenly they are kissing. It’s been four months already since Cas came back on the empty, four months since Dean kissed him for the first time, four months of a relationship Dean always just thought to dream about, but it has never been like this. Not this aggressive. Cas is angry, and it shows; Dean feels his knees weaken against the backdrop of the wall.
“You sleep well? How’s your side?” Dean murmurs as he rolls up his window and turns on the AC. There, a bit more silence. A bit more privacy.
“When?’
At first, it was just sitting side by side while Dean leans back against a tree for some eye-shut. One time, Cas stood up for a minute, and Dean must have sensed the warmth fizzle out beside him because he was almost instantly on his feet too, shouting Cas' name. When he found Cas pacing around a few feet away, Dean looked more terrified than Cas has ever seen him in his life.
---------
He doesn’t have a picture of Castiel. He draws him from memory.
Sam sighs. It’s like Dean can hear the gears turning on his little brother’s mind. “Do you want his number?”
“I’d rather sit beside you, Dean”
Dean knows he is being a coward, that he’s the one who is making this difficult for both Cas and him. But whatever bravery Cas has that allowed him to confess to Dean the day Billie chased after them, Dean just doesn't have it. So he lays down on his bed instead and thinks about what Cas said in the bunker kitchen earlier that day.
, you think. You don’t know what he’s doing, but when he comes home he is sweaty and he heads straight to the bathroom to wash up. You barely hear him speak, which is why the times when he does stick out to you so much, mainly when he is thinking towards his “Cas”, and you hear the entire one sided conversation. You try not to listen. It’s not for you, you are not Cas, as far as you can remember. You can tune out the words, occasionally, but not the feelings. The feelings the man is projecting are so heavy, if you had lungs you would describe the feelings as suffocating.
Much like anything, Cas is only doing this for Dean, only smoking because of Dean. Cas feels sick to his stomach. Dean is not here now, no matter what happened last night. It’s only Cas, only him, no Sam and Dean, no angels, no nothing. Ultimately, he is as alone as he could ever be. He has to live for himself. He knows this. He can’t be going out in the middle of the night to a random patch in the woods solely to smoke because he misses Dean. For one, it’s too much of a commitment, and it impedes on his sleeping schedule. But also, how is he even going to maintain this habit? Buying cigarette packs costs money, and he needs all the cash he can save for an apartment. He feels foolish now. He feels like he could cry.
“So, we moving out or what?” Dean is feeling cheeky again, and it shows. He nudges Cas’ head with his chin. He hears Cas chuckle a little bit.
(See the end of the chapter for
You think, but you know it’s not true. It’s just not realistic, the idea that a man can love the ghost who’s playing pretend.
“Cas.” Dean interrupts. He takes a step forward, following Cas’ footsteps. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
“Well, we’ll deal with that then.” Cas responds.
Cas gives Sam a call while waiting in line at the pharmacy.
Eileen shakes her head. “Not a hunter’s journal. Just a journal journal.”
Dean sighs almost immediately. He runs his hands over his face and moves towards Cas.
and a shitton of awkward shuffling on Dean's end. He gathered that yes, Jack did bring back Cas from the empty, and yes, Cas opted to lose his grace in the process, and yes, he’s fully human now.
“I think I should move back in my room.” Cas says, and immediately knows that he probably shouldn’t have.
Right.
Cas' voice is nearer now. If Dean could just turn around, he knows Cas would be right there, close enough to hold, close enough to say with proximity what he can't say with words.
Then the man comes home and greets you. You have found out his work by now: he told you he was a mechanic in a shop in town. He washes up, cooks, cleans, and tells you about his day. He puts on a show or movie to watch rarely, otherwise he sits down and reads tomes of books that look fascinating. Most of them involve witchcraft or angelology, which you find to be quite a weird topic of interest for the man, but given that you’re a ghost you figure you can’t really judge.
Cas knows about Dean and smoking. When he rebuilt his soul, Cas also rebuilt Dean’s memories, after all. He knows that Dean’s first time smoking was in a motel bathroom, that he has hidden the fact that he even smokes from John and Sam. He knows that it became more and more a regular occurrence after Sam left for Stanford. Cas cured Dean of his nicotine addiction when he raised him from hell, of course. But he knows, too, that Dean hopped back on the habit after moving in with Lisa. He saw Dean smoking once, while contemplating if he should ask his friend for help in heavenly affairs.
“And if they don’t disappear?” Dean says. He has turned around now, to face Cas, and Cas is not one to be insecure, but right now, he is. His back is on full display. He feels like crawling under the sheets.
, Dean is going to fuck it up and lose Cas anyway. He was terrified, and so he locked himself up in his room at every possible opportunity and avoided Cas at all costs in all the others. Whenever he had to interact with Cas though, he made sure Sam was there as a buffer.
Cas let's Dean have this one thing.
“Dean?” Sam curves the hall into the bunker library.
For the most part, being with Cas is easy. After over a decade of friendship, the transition to being a couple is surprisingly not that much of a problem. A few bumps here and there, like that time Dean wasn’t sure how to ask Cas to move into his room with him, but mostly, it has been a piece of cake.
If only Dean can say the same for himself.
Cas smiles at this, a painful one. Dean really has no give in him. For a moment he wishes he could pray back, just this once.
For the first time in your existence, you fall unconscious.
catch fire.
And it is you. You feel it like an instinct, that jacket is the thing that tethers you to this realm. The man holds it in his hands for a while, staring at it for a bit, and you catch a glimpse of a red handprint on one of the sleeves.
Oh. Cas is concerned about Sam. That seems reasonable enough.
Sam goes on about how if the topical treatment doesn’t work, there’s oral medication he can take, and if that doesn’t work, there are biologics that work for psoriasis.
Dean checks every room in the bunker before he gathers up enough courage to ask Sam about Cas.
Dean’s face heats up at that remark. He steals a glance at Cas and finds Cas looking intently at him, which only makes Dean blush even harder. Damn it, he feels like a schoolgirl with a crush over here.
“I’ve read about psoriasis, and there are more meds for it now than in Jimmy’s time.” He says in a cadence not dissimilar to how he would discuss a case.
“No. No. Because you said you heard my prayers, my- my longing. You know. So why did you leave?” Dean asks, again, and in his head the question sounds fiercer, angrier, but he knows he’s speaking in whispers now. Even he is surprised.
Dean hasn’t let go of Cas’ hand, hasn’t moved away at all. He looks up at Cas instead, and Cas realizes that they are impossibly close. Dean’s eyes flicker down to Cas’ lips, and Cas’ heart starts beating out of his chest.
Sam shifts on the balls of his feet. “He called me.”
The waiting is the worst part. Dean has no idea where Cas hails from now, or what time he left said place, or anything, really. He only knows that Cas is supposed to be here just in time for dinner. Dean busies himself in the kitchen, in the meantime.
Dean started refusing to sleep if he wasn't holding on to Cas. Sometimes it was just his arm, other times, Dean would wrap himself around Cas' waist. Cas never mentioned it. Dean never mentioned it. One time Benny came back from circling the perimeter of where they were staying earlier than usual, and he found Cas and Dean huddled together, Dean with his arm wrapped around the angel, Cas' back flushed against the human's chest. Benny got it in that moment, why Dean spent almost a year looking for the angel, his angel. Benny looked away. He never mentioned it, too.
“I’m alright. It’s a little uncomfortable. I think I fell asleep in an inconvenient position” Cas’ voice is a little deeper than usual, from sleep. The werewolves from the hunt were easy to take care of, but they did manage to get in a few scratches here and there. Right now, there are three claw wounds on Castiel’s lower right rib. They aren’t too deep. It only took Dean a few stitches to fix him up, but as Cas sat on the toilet cover of the motel bathroom, Dean hovering on his side, suture in one hand, Castiel’s flesh on the other, Dean knew perfectly well the unsaid things between them at that moment.
Silence. This is it, Dean thinks. This is it. This is it.
“You heard my prayers.” He insists, again. “You know.” He says, again. He’ll say it again and again if he needs to. It’s the only weapon he has in his armory.
Cas doesn’t reply, just snorts a little bit. He adjusts on his seat and moves closer to Dean. As soon as he lay his head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean starts smiling uncontrollably. When he looks down on Cas, he finds the man looking up at him, all soft eyes and cheeky smile.
“Sam told me that he gave you my number." A familiar, gravelly voice hits Dean’s ears as he washes the dishes in the bunker kitchen. He doesn’t even have to look to know who it is.
“You said you don’t want me getting hurt. We can get a house. Jobs. Normal jobs.” Dean says. “We don’t have to keep doing this if you don’t want to.”
“I know, the spell was for demons, but we figured you’ve been human, right? So we tried it and it didn’t work. Then I started seeing you everywhere, and I thought, maybe the soul bit worked, and the body one didn’t.” He pauses for while, catching his breath. “Sam told me that maybe I was seeing things, but I knew it was you,” he sounds so certain. You have always admired this in him. “So I worked out a different body retrieving spell, and got it going last night. The delay of the spell is a few hours. So I’ve just been waiting for you to show up.”
“Hello, Sorry but Cas is in the shower right now. What is it?”
"The empty… it kept me awake while I was in there." Cas breaks the silence. It takes Dean a few seconds to reel himself in, to listen to what Cas has to say.
“So you don’t want to stop hunting?” Dean asks, and he’s so sure, for once, of what the answer is that he almost feels giddy.
“Dean.” Cas says in his exasperated voice, and Dean knows he got him cornered.
Dean nods.
It finally sinks in, all those witchcraft books.
The routine breaks one day, on a weekend, when Dean starts unloading suspicious looking jars and boxes out of his car after a whole day out. He’s quiet while he does this, almost solemn. You want to ask him what’s going on, but communication is pretty much still off the table from your direction.
You open your eyes. The sun is pouring into the room, so you try to cover your face with your hands to block it out. In doing so you catch a glimpse of the man lying down in front of you, which makes your stomach drop.
“You know I keep you around for your good looks.” Dean jokes, and this earns him a smile from Cas. Dean straightens up but keeps on holding Cas’ hand. He has a question in his mind, and it is bouncing around idyllically. He doesn’t know how to ask it, how casual to make it sound, how to not give away how much he has been thinking about it, but this past three days has only cemented it in his head. And if he is right, Cas may want it too.
next chapter probably won't come as fast as this one, so bear with me.
Sam looks at him with pity.
he responds, and the doctor doesn’t question it. He gets a prescription for an ointment.
Cas speaks in an unreadable voice."Eric would have told me."
This is the question that finally makes Cas look at him. Cas’ face is shocked, but the speed at which his head snapped up to face Dean makes Dean think he has hit the jackpot.
Cas sleeping is something Dean is still getting used to. It's only been a few months since Cas showed up back in the bunker after the whole mess with Chuck losing his powers and Jack becoming God. It was a long drive back home, punctuated with a
They don't have to talk about it yet. They have time. Cas is human now, he's not going to leave. They have time.
Dean hears Cas shift in place. He can't dare to turn around. He wants to laugh at the absurdity of it all, of Cas standing here,
Dean gives a soft kiss to Castiel’s shoulder. “Okay.”
And you always do. He seems to always occupy the right side, so you do the left. He says a quick I love you, and then sleeps while you sit there peacefully, throughout hours of snores and twitching nightmares, and just watch him. It’s fascinating how things can change. In the concrete room you would not even dare to watch him after the first time you lingered while he was crying for the fear of being a creep. Now you count his freckles like they are stars in the night.
But that doesn’t matter. What matters is that Cas is staying in room 15, and Dean is going there right now, and asking Cas why he left. He doesn’t care if it’s crass, doesn’t care anymore if it’s against better judgement, he is asking and he is asking now. He gets there, and before even thinking, starts knocking furiously at the door.
He stands up from where he is bent over and turns towards where you are. His stare lingers for a bit before he starts putting away the tools he has been using to their storage places. He comes back later to the kitchen, beer in hand. He stands still, and you just know he has glimpsed you again. You know because he calls someone on the phone, and you are the topic of the conversation.
Dean loved him. Cas knows this. Cas has known it since purgatory, when he saw Dean coming up to him in that stream, eyes bright, soul even brighter. Everything was so raw and transparent in that place, Dean’s intentions so pure and true there was no mistaking it for anything other than love. But then things have happened since then, and now Cas is not so sure about anything anymore.
A sigh. A shift. Dean can hear Cas step back, move towards the door. A pause. Dean wants to turn around, to follow, to speak. He stares at the burners instead.
Dean waits for Cas to make the first move.
They stay like this for a while, just silent, breath evening out. It was Dean who eventually succumbs to the temptation of conversation, though.
They stay like this for who knows how long, Dean sure isn’t counting. But the moment Dean relaxes and lets go is the moment he realizes that Cas didn’t hug him back. In fact, Cas is frowning. Dean is taken back to where he is. It must be about half past three in the morning, and he’s standing in front of Cas’ room because?
-------
His face breaks. His breathing is uneven and you want to reach out and comfort him. You do this by placing a hand on his bicep. The warmth from his body is placating, comforting, but perhaps the touch is not enough, for he moves your hand with his right towards the side of his face. Your hand rests there, and his hand rests above yours. You caress his cheek, and you find that his lips are wobbling.
Dean finds himself buying a beautiful leather journal in a quaint little shop in Lawrence. It's refillable, and the pages are thick, heavy. He can definitely consider it a splurge buy. Looks fucking beautiful though.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I called you. It was… this guy who answered the phone." Dean keeps it vague, gauging from Cas’ reaction who said guy might be, if Dean’s suspicions are correct that Cas has found himself a new lover in the few months he’s been away.
After unpacking all of the items and tossing some of the contents of the jars into a large silver bowl, he settles down in his bed and calls out to you.
Cas falls asleep staring at Dean’s back.
He first noticed you amidst the dust floating around in the gingerly lit living room one yellow afternoon. It was one short glance in your general direction, followed by a long, pointed look. You knew then, instantly, that he had seen you, somehow.
Putting on the ointment was horrible. It’s warm, and it feels like it’s going to stick everywhere. Dean has been changing their sheets more often than he ought to if Cas wasn’t scratching his way through skin every night (he insists on it, saying that Cas is a slob who doesn’t know how to tuck in the sheets properly). They have also been sweeping so much in their room. Cas knows why, so when he finishes putting on ointment on his legs, he turns around to Dean, who is currently getting out of his robe and into boxers and a shirt.
He’s standing now, still looking at where he probably thinks he saw you. He searches, scans, and the more he sees nothing the more you are able to feel relief. You walk towards him, his eyes transfixed past you and you see that his lips are wobbling in a way that makes you feel like maybe you shouldn’t be feeling relief after all. He looks hurt.
“I love you,” he would say, and you feel that love full force. “I miss you,” he would say, and you would feel that longing in all of your being. You find you have these feelings too, this love and this yearning, but you don’t know what towards. You look at the man and sometimes you ache so hard you think it’s for him, but that seems impossible. You don’t know him. He is the only other being around you, that’s all.
The truth is you’ve been sensing a lot from the man for a while now. You first saw him after you manifested in his concrete room one day. Manifested is perhaps the right term, or maybe not. What do you call popping into existence from nothingness anyway? Perhaps it was during the morning, or the afternoon, but you won’t know, there are no windows in this room. You spend the first few moments of being trying to get a glimpse of yourself, and you shortly discover that you are disembodied, and this bothers you, in a way, for there is an itch in yourself that seems to desire a body. You figure you had a body in your past life, but you don’t remember for sure. You try to remember anything else, and you find you don’t remember anything at all. You settle with being a ghost, somehow, and you settle with being a ghost who doesn’t remember their life. Maybe all ghosts don’t remember their life. You’re not sure, you haven’t met another ghost since.
he should hold on. Maybe the portal will take him after all, maybe he can repent for his sins on Earth, with Dean, just to take that terrified look off of Dean's face. But then he remembers himself, remembers what he has done, remembers that Leviathans are after them, and holding on to Dean is just holding Dean back from safety. Dean needs to leave, away from all of this.
You find, however, that the farther you are from the room where the man sleeps, the more you feel weak. Not physically weak, you don’t have a body after all. More like the particles that compose you are being separated further and further from each other the farther away you are. One time, you pushed this limit, walking farther and farther into the backwoods that back up the bungalow. One moment you are out with the trees, the next you are located in the man’s room again. You have never needed sleep in your existence but that moment was the closest you’ve ever been to being unconscious.
the doctor says. It’s the type that shows up when you acquire an infection. His doctor asks him whether he’s had strep throat before the flare started.
“I don’t know. I was afraid it wouldn't work. I don’t know what I would have done if it didn’t.” You’re glad he wouldn’t have to know.
“You know!” Dean remarks. Cas gives a slight, sarcastic chuckle, and Dean knows he is cornered.
Cas turns to Dean, standing, one foot in the portal. Cas takes one last look, the last time he'll ever see Dean. He knows this, has known this for long, and yet the pit on his stomach still blossoms.
“I’m going fucking crazy.” He says quietly to himself, and you realize that you love this man. Yes, in this moment of anger and frustration on his part, you found out that you love him. You know this because to see him hurt like this hurts you in unimaginable ways. You try to think back to when you have started loving this man, but you can’t think of an occasion. It just seems like you have loved him forever.
"Dean, you can't keep doing this." Sam leans over the door frame.
“Sure, what for?”
“Dean.” Cas interrupts Dean’s train of thought. “What about Sam?”
You will stay in that bed for quite a while, with your hand against Dean’s face, gently moving. For the first time since you gained consciousness in Dean’s bunker room, you will feel light, like you can float better than you did without a body. You will realize that the heaviness you’ve been feeling since day one was longing, a deep searing yearning, that Dean couldn’t help but project into you like a prayer, and you can’t help but feel. You will smile at the thought that Dean doesn’t feel this pulling longing anymore. You are here, after all. You are together, finally.
“If I say it, you’ll stay?” Dean asks, and he knows it is a terrible thing to even propose. To say that, of all things, to force someone’s hand, to make someone stay. But if it’ll work, if it’s the only shot he has-
Sam gives a small
Cas just stands in the middle of the room, trenchcoat billowing to an invisible breeze. Dean carefully walks down the stairs and stops on the last step. Cas’ eyes are on him, he can feel it. But Dean looks down at the bunker floor. He doesn’t know what to say. He feels like he’s four again.
Oh. He thinks you’re his beloved.
Dean’s breath hitches. He recalls the last time Cas was human. The memory fills him with guilt.
The moment the knob clicks, Cas is all over Dean’s space, pushing the hunter against the blank concrete wall beside the door.
Jimmy’s. He first got it when he was a teenager, and it appeared to be in and out of his life since. Castiel wonders if Jimmy had psoriasis when he said yes to him. Cas must have cured it unknowingly. He can’t believe that he doesn’t remember.
The question makes Cas look away. Dean follows his eyes, forces Cas to look at him, but Cas won’t budge. “Yes.” Cas responds. “You were hurt. I couldn’t do anything about it.”
They sit there quietly for a few more minutes, until Dean has applied ointment on all the lesions on his back. It’s intimate, Cas concludes. There is no other way to put it.
you think.
“Give me that,” he gestures to the ointment, and Cas gives it to him. Dean gingerly places some of the medication on his finger, and starts rubbing it into Castiel’s back.
“What’s next?” Dean asks.
“Holy shit,” he proclaims. “It’s you. It’s really you.”
Sam and Eileen’s hunter business (Sam hates it when Dean calls it that, but it’s the most fitting name for what they do) is booming too. They’ve stopped hunting now, at least not directly. Sam set up a hunter directory for every single hunter in the country, and it’s all centered in the bunker. Research, phone calls, ingredients for spells, weapons, the bunker is a one-stop-shop for it all. It took them a few months to set it all up, but the moment they were up and running, everything was so efficient that work didn’t even feel like work anymore.
Cas wants to be angry, but all his head is chanting is a mantra of
“Well, I told you to take the backseat so you can lie down, but you won’t listen to me.” Dean quips. It was barely a second before Cas responds.
, you think,
“Know what, Dean?” Cas challenges.
Dean considers. What does he want? He already has what he wants. Sam is safe and happy with Eileen. Cas is here. Heck, Jack and Jody and the girls even visit so often he barely misses them. He has what he wants. He only wants to live long enough to enjoy all of it.
It hits you like a truck then and there.
The man lets out an exhale that can maybe pass as a sarcastic laugh on a better day. He slowly falls back down on his knees again, and continues spray painting the floor. You move back to where you were before, and you watch him. Occasionally, he would look up to where you are, as if to make sure that no one really is there. You find yourself wishing he can see you again, just for a while.
“Cas,” he says, to the air. “Are you here?”
Except the person who responds has an unfamiliar voice. Dean’s heart drops to his stomach.
So are you Cas?
But he doesn’t say it. He’s just tired. Maybe he has already asked for too much just by being here. Maybe Dean hates him, after all.
the doctor says. He cringes at the suggestion.
Cas walks, slowly, towards Dean. Dean could hear it. He stands still, grips the mug he's holding in his right hand.
Ever since the man noticed you for the first time, it seems like he has been on the lookout for you. You observe lingering looks whenever he enters a room, closes the lights, or just sits down to grab a beer. You find it unnerving, the way he’s looking for you, but you like it, too. There is a thrill to being perceived, and you wish for that thrill again.
“You should try it.” She says with a finger pointing at her journal.
Cas is gone in the morning. Dean makes himself some coffee.
The drive was refreshing. You found yourself occupying the passenger seat as the car rolled through pretty sights. Well, any green is pretty when you have been confined all of your consciousness in a dreary, gray place. This car feels familiar. You feel as if you’ve been here before. You wonder if this is yet another one of those feelings that you absorb from the man, the same way you feel his loneliness, his yearnings, his little dialogues with this person named Cas packaged into neat little prayer-like boxes. Maybe he’s familiar with this car. Maybe it’s his comfort that you are experiencing.
You learn shortly after that this will be a regular occurence. Every morning, and when the man hasn’t drunk himself into a stupor at night, every night, the man would talk to “Cas”, sometimes out loud, sometimes in whisper, most of the time in silent, telepathic conversation. And every single time, you will hear it. You will wonder who Cas is. You will wonder why this man is so broken.
The hand hovers, and hovers, and finally, rests on Dean’s side. Cas looks intently at his hand, then closes his eyes. Dean knows what this is. Cas is trying to heal him.
Dean looks at the clock again. 8:02. Some guy is at Cas’ house at eight in the morning, answering his phone calls while Cas showers.
Anyhow, the move out into a house with open windows is a very positive change to the stagnancy of the first two weeks of your existence. You find there is more freedom here. Whatever was keeping you inside the man’s room in the last place was not keeping you in any rooms in this house anymore. You can freely traverse through the walls, although you will find it uncomfortable to do that, and out of some respect for the architecture, you will only pass through the doors.
Dean hears Cas walks away. Dean sets down the mug and grips the edges of the kitchen counter.
“I want a huge backyard for miracle.” is the answer he settles for. He tries to say it cheekily, but it comes out more earnest than he expects. He wants this, and for once he might get just what he wants. “Just say you want it, Cas. Just say it. I promise I’ll make it happen. I promise I’ll make it work.”
When Cas wakes up, Dean is not on the couch anymore. He hears the flow of water from the bathroom; Dean must be brushing his teeth. Cas looks around the room, and his eyes land on the Marlboro box Dean has left on the side table of the motel room. He picks it up, goes over to the cabinet where he placed his work clothes, and puts the pack in the back pocket of his jeans.
Castiel hums in affirmation. Dean takes a steadying breath.
“You can call me again. If you would like.” Cas says, seemingly offhand. It’s an olive branch, an extended hand, and Dean is willing to take whatever he can get.
Finally, Cas opens his eyes in defeat. “I can’t heal you. My grace, it must be fully depleted now.” Cas looks up, face all forlorn, and Dean would rather prefer the frustrated, irritated look over this. “I’m sorry.”
Being newly human,
Dean scoffs. “No.” he says, with conviction. “It bothers me that you want to go.”
As the jacket catches on fire, you seem to grow weaker, much like you did when you tried to walk away from the house. Your particles are being separated. You are being destroyed. You take one last look at the man. You realize you forgive him.
At 11 that night, Cas promptly closes up shop and, instead of settling in in the storage closet for the night, walks out to the woods with the pack of Marlboros he stole from Dean, and a cheap, orange, plastic lighter that he picked up on the counter of the Gas-and-Sip. He walks around for a bit until he finds an old log in one of the dense parts of the woods.
You feel a pang of jealousy towards this, this ability to fall asleep that the man possesses. You wish you could fall asleep, but you’re stuck in this disembodied state, aware of your surroundings the entire time. You watch him sleep. His long eyelashes are moistened by the tears of a while ago, and his face looks soft in slumber. You wonder why he is so lonely. You feel heavy, like something is tugging at you. You wonder if the man’s loneliness is permeating to yourself.
They stand there for a while, Cas and Dean both silent, hands interlaced. Cas is avoiding Dean’s eyes, and Dean wants to pry Cas open and look inside. They have known each other for so long but it still scares Dean how much he doesn’t know Cas, not really. For him, Cas is as much an unknowable creature as he is his best friend and lover. Those things are not mutually exclusive, at least not anymore.
Cas can’t bear it. He wants to speak to Dean, or at least see his face. But if Cas learned one thing from being God, of all things, it’s that restraint is of import. Just because you want something does not mean you can have it. He tells himself that he needs to remember that.
Dean grips his arm even tighter this time. He thinks of every single time Dean has held him, of the nights in purgatory when the howling of werewolves mingled with Dean's breath on his ear. He thinks of how Dean is holding onto him now, full of desperation, full of distress. Cas loves him, and hates him, for this.
instead. You. He talks to you as if he can see you. And sometimes, he does, and you can tell by the way he jumps in surprise. But every single time, this surprise turns quickly into an excited smile. He thinks you are Cas. He loves you for this, you realize. This, being a play pretend, of him pretending you’re Cas and you pretending for him. It’s worth it, you think. You have felt the tugging feeling in you disappear a bit, and you don’t know if it’s because the atmosphere has been lighter since the man started acknowledging you because he is happier or because you are.
“Well, I’m sure he’d be fine. He has been talking about asking Eileen to move into the bunker with us, and I don’t think he would mind some alone time with her, if you catch my drift” Dean replies with a shit-eating grin.
They focus back on the things that they're doing, Eileen on her journal and Dean on the book about kitsunes that he’s reviewing. It’s been almost a year since Eileen moved in, and having her around is a pleasure. She’s funny, she’s smart, and she gets shit done. Dean thinks Sam is lucky to have her around.
Castiel develops psoriasis three months after Dean saves him from the empty.
Dean reaches over and holds Cas’ wrist. “Cas, baby-” He calls. Cas just closes his eyes further in concentration, and the guilt on Dean’s chest is back, and fiercer than it has ever been in the past four months.
Something moves inside Dean. Suddenly, he can’t breathe.
“Like feelings and stuff?”
-------
Eileen taps Dean’s hand across the table and he looks up.
“No, that’s not what I mean.” Cas’ voice is soft, gentle, a sharp contrast to his tense body pressed up beside Dean. Dean feels like a child being spoken to. “Are you going to be fine without him?”
