What sort of flowers were nice? What did girls like? Fuck, he didn't even
Dean was getting more and more anxious each day, not because he was scared of being caught but because of Michael. The man was going to starve to death. He could be already dead for all Dean knew. It was hard not to go crazy and start destroying everything in his path. The anger Lucifer made him feel was bewildering. Lucifer fucked up everything. The entire plan, gone, and if Michael was gone too...Dean didn't know if he could stay sane anymore.
"No, no, not at all." Dean wavered his hand. He glanced to the clock on the wall, not long now. Having meetings on weekends sucked whole ass. All he wanted to do was get home and watch his Angel. The man was always on his mind. "Everything's fine. I think we're all eager to get home. Speaking of- where the hell is the guy we're meeting with- what's his name?"
Castiel breaking him out made it so much worse, not only was the detective being corrupted but Dean was too, well, further.
Dean couldn't help himself. He sat on the side of the bed, staring down at the sleeping man, so innocent, so vulnerable. It made him angry to think about what people could do to Castiel if they found him in this state. They wouldn't give him what he deserved. The green eyed man let out a shaky breath, feeling like he was losing control as each moment passed. His hand slowly reached over to Castiel and slid under his shirt, hand going nice and slow as he felt his skin, taking in every inch. He just wanted to kiss and bite into it. Castiel was so beautiful. "Fuck, Cas..." His other hand rested on his crotch, rubbing the forming bulge. If the man woke up now, it would ruin everything but that only made Dean more excited. He had to do something in order to stop himself from fucking the man now because if he did, that would ruin things.
"My daughter went missing- is she here?"
It felt so good but it wasn't enough. Dean needed more of him. He continued to fuck him hard despite just coming, his cock not going soft anytime soon. Poor Castiel was fucking exhausted, body almost limp like a doll but still with what little energy he had he was still choking out moans and trying to make Dean fuck him deeper, ramming into the mans prostate again and again. The cries that left Castiel's throat were incredibly strained but so damn pretty.
Bobby groaned at the stubborn nature of the detective. "Fine, but the moment I tell you to go out, you're out, got it?"
Castiel let out a lengthy sigh. "I don't know what came over me." He sighed. "Sleeping for so long too? That's not normal."
"That's exactly why you should go. You being here investigating will only make the guy do more." Bobby said, tone of voice stern. "Go. You'll get the information when we're done here and you can work it from your desk."
Man, it had to suck being a guard for that thing, knowing it could hiccup again at any moment.
Dean dreamt about just how beautiful the detective would look once he finally got his hands on him. He imagined leaving bite marks on his neck, making Castiel's breath hitch as he sunk his teeth in like a hungry vampire. Castiel's eyes were so blue he felt like he could drown in them. His skin was so smooth, preparing it would be the easiest thing in the world. He felt high off the thought of the smell alone. Whenever he thought of the man, he felt like he hadn't eaten in years. He wanted to tear him apart. He wouldn't waste anything when it came to Castiel. He wasn't like the others. They were appetisers, Castiel was the full course meal.
"Yes, I am- care to explain why you're cooking in my kitchen?" Castiel inquired.
"Don't change the subject, Dean." Castiel huffed. "Besides, it's not even a big deal, I don't know how to ride one either and-"
Dean threw the letter in the bin and grabbed the key out of the kitchen drawer before heading down the hallway, to the red door on the end, two large locks latched onto it. With the keys he unlocked one of them and the next one, input the code before stuffing the key into his pocket. He opened the door up, showing the darkness behind it and the stairs that led down into it.
Dean Winchester leaned back in his leather chair, soft pants leaving his mouth as he watched his angel on the screen. Friday night was the highlight of his week. This was when Blue did his five hour live stream, his special end of week treat, he says, for those who had a hard week a work. He promised to make it even harder- but in the best possible way. Every Friday, 9:00 PM Start. Five hours of pure glory. Five hours of his Blue.
The officers helped him back onto his feet, two of them doing so due to how strong Dean was. They each held an arm. Dean slowly looked up to Bobby, meeting the gaze of the man he considered to be his father.
Ever since he found Blue, he couldn't cum without thinking of him. Fucking women just didn't do it for him anymore. Yeah, he still fucked them, but he thought of his angel while he did it, imagining that his cock was pounding into the man.
The examiner furrowed their eyebrows. "We should really-"
Bobby slumped down onto his seat, a lengthy sigh leaving his lips. He swore he had been sighing a lot more lately. "You have no idea." He picked up his coffee, taking a sip. "Look, Sam, you can't be here."
It was getting harder and harder to control himself, seeing Castiel like this. He was just so beautiful.
Both of them turned their heads to look over at the door at a sleepy Jack.
Castiel exhaled shakily. "I don't think that's appropriate, Sam will-"
Plus, there was no way he was going to allow him to go back to Michael.
It was safe to say the two guards were baffled by that.
"Also, don't ever talk to these people." Castiel said to Dean before promptly making his way through the crowd to his car.
Dean walked closer to the man, kneeling down next to him as he watched him start to move and struggle again. Castiel couldn't see nor hear but he could feel someone there with him and it made him start to panic. "I'm not going to hurt you." He murmured. Despite his words, his eyes trailed to Castiel's neck. So beautiful. So breakable.
Their hands were still together. Any other time he would pull away, feeling awkward and weirded out but there was something different about this situation. He almost didn't want to let go.
Whoever it was though was probably indeed related to Castiel. Family or not, Dean was still jealous.
Castiel immediately moved away from Dean and over to Jack though he kept his distance from the boy as to not overwhelm him. "Jack- how did you sleep?"
Castiel closed the door behind them and locked it, turning around to look in the cabin. It was decent enough, had a weird smell to it though that he couldn't quite pinpoint. He looked over to Dean when he came out of the spare room, closing the door behind him. "What do you have this place for?"
"Cas- oh my god- I'm so sorry, I-" Dean didn't even know how to explain himself. Was there an apology card for 'I'm sorry I bit a chunk of your neck off?'
Dean forced himself out of his chair, walking up to one of the front windows, staring out at the black hole. It was always advised one wasn't supposed to stare for long at a black hole. It was hard to even try. Black holes were...well, distorted, didn't look real. A humans eyes couldn't focus properly on it. He was about to look away before he paused, squinted and stared harder. There was something...weird about it. He had seen The Supermassive tons of times but...why was there a light coming out of it now?
The look Castiel gave Dean was indescribable. "There are many things wrong with you, Dean Winchester." He then turned his attention over to Jack. "What happened at the gas station?"
The world was so blue, he felt connected to that colour, like it was the missing piece of his soul.
"Morning, Novak." A few officers greeted him like they usually did as they walked in, but instead of respect only in their eyes, there was pity. Seeing that made Castiel's blood boiled. He hated being seen as weak, which was why he rarely showed emotion. Michael always told him that showing emotions was weak and although he hated Michael and didn't want to follow anything he said, he still did. It was ingrained in his brain so deep and it wasn't exactly easy to ignore. His face was sculpted emotionless and he was a statue trying to break out of the clay.
He feared the day in which he would reap him.
"Looks like it. Bout time we got someone, ships been pretty empty lately." Dean nodded. They had dropped off a few souls not that long ago, they all went together, it was a family. They had all died at the same time, a brutal housefire. It was...heart breaking, to say the least.
"Anyway, it's decided." Dean got up from his seat, grabbing a piece of paper and a pen. "Jack, it's just a straight forward walk, I'm drawing down some directions just in case." He said as he doodled on the paper, sliding it over to the boy when he was done with it. "From the back door, just walk straight, you'll hit a road and a gas station down the right across from it. Barely anyone goes there since the better one is on the other side of the road- one we came in on, so you'll probably only see the attendant."
Castiel nodded. Fuck, was he getting somewhere finally? "Everyone I can gather- and we'll bring him down, I assure you."
"Dean." Castiel nodded, testing the name out on his tongue. "It's nice to meet you, Dean." He turned the handholding into a hand shake before letting go. "This- is it Heaven?"
Shit, that wasn't in the plan.
"It's not like you can come to the car, it'll make you suspicious, if they do see it." Castiel looked back at her.
"Ah-Mmnggh- Oh-!" Blue's back arched and head tilted back as he came hard for what seemed to be the hundredth time that night. He was already covered in his own cum. His hand stroked his cock through his orgasm while his other trembled to get the vibrator out of his ass, a soft gasp leaving his lips when he did so. "Oh..."
"Fuck, fuck, fuck-" Dean turned to his crew then back to the supermassive, watching in horror as they got closer. "Everyone go to the escape pods- fuck-" They too would be sucked in most likely but they weren't going down without trying. "Go, go!" He shooed the crew.
For now.
There fell another awkward silence.
"Shit..." Dean's cock was leaking heavily with pre-cum. He could barely take it anymore. Once his fingers were thoroughly lubricated, he got into position down near the mans hole. "Legs up." Castiel obeyed. Dean leaned down so he was face to face with Castiel's pretty pink hole. "That's a good boy..." He leaned in, licking over his hole and pushing his tongue inside, causing a pathetic moan to leave Castiel's throat. He pulled away after a few seconds before pushing a finger in, one at first, then the second and the third, stretching Castiel out nice and wide for him.
Disoriented, Dean looked at the man, struggling to comphrend what just happened as he came to his senses. His eyes trailed to the bloodied patch on the side of Castiel's neck- then to his hand and finally to the chunk of skin on the floor, a good bite sized chunk.
The boy clutched his head, his breathing rapid as he started to really panic. "I didn't know what to do!"
He swallowed hard, telling himself to snap out of it before he got excited. It was just so difficult being so close to him and not being able to hold him close. "Wine?" He grabbed the label-less bottle and poured Castiel a glass, handing it over to him.
"He didn't." Castiel huffed. "I know you believe that too, if you need any help with his case I-"
Dean couldn't help but grin to that. He was just so adorable when he got mad. He wanted to make him really mad, see how that face contorted...see how it contorted when it went from anger, pain and pleasure. Fuck. With Jack gone...they were going to be all alone here for the first time. He wasn't sure if he could hold back. He had been so damn horny being here with Cas, seeing the man in his clothes...fuck. Jack needed to get the fuck out of here. "Nobody cares."
Dean snickered at that. "Should've realised that before I paid. Too late, I guess." He smiled, putting his card back in the wallet and taking the bouquet. "Weekends always busy like this?" He had no idea why he was even making small talk. He hated small talk.
Jack looked up. "Anything."
Once they got close enough, a guard signalled them to stop before floating over. There of course were many languages in Space, there were billions of different types of species, so to avoid confusion and mix ups in situations like this, symbols were used instead. The alien guard outside the ship nodded in acknowledgment to the crew before scanning the permit's symbol. When it came up confirmed, he nodded at the crew and signalled that they were allowed to pass by The Supermassive.
Dean put his hands up in mock surrender. "My first day in the department," He gestured to his uniform. "Sorry, thought the uniform was obvious."
"Just in- the police department has captured a suspect believed to be the Angel Killer, discovered returning to the scene of the of the second woman." The woman on the news spoke. "The suspect appears to be a teenager, seventeen year old 'Jack', who has no traces of existing anywhere, as if they appeared out of nowhere, they-"
"Jack's fine. Stay down and rest, okay?" Dean gently pushed the man back down against the couch and thankfully for once Castiel listened, closing his eyes as he laid there. "Yeah, lay down, listen to the TV or something," he grabbed the nearby remote, flicking the television on before he got up and turned his attention back over to Jack, a frown instantly going onto his face. "You. Come on." He walked over to Jack, grabbing his arm and roughly pulling him along and out the back door to the yard, closing the door behind them. Just in case.
Of course there was more to the story. Dean knew that. Jack knew that- but Dean was the one who knew the most. Jack didn't know about Dean's desires- at least he hoped he didn't. He didn't know how much Lucifer told him. Still, Castiel was clueless to Dean's intentions.
"We don't usually do this here," Bobby gestured to his office.
"Good then," That appeared to satisfy Castiel. His eyes flickered over reddened plastic handles and lingered there for a moment before he looked away, a sick feeling in his gut. As he stared at Jack and Dean, he knew the two of them were darkened shadowy figures in the light of the world. Jack's reasons were obvious. Dean, not so much, but he would find out in time, he told himself he would make sure of that and if it came down to saving Jack or Dean, it wouldn't be a competition.
The boy let out a shaky breath before restarting the car and attempting again, in which he actually did drive from the spot, probably a little too fast but at this point they were in a car chase the moment those officers got into their own vehicle. "I did it!" He seemed pretty proud of himself, smiling wide.
Nothing broke his heart more then the way he was looking at him right now.
Maybe he truly was going crazy.
He swallowed hard, using the rockets on his shoes to move to the front of the ship and over to the angelic figure.
Castiel swallowed hard, gripping his gun tighter to try and stop his hands from trembling as he entered the building. It was disgusting, full of garbage and mouse shit but hey at least it was what Michael deserved. It was quiet, so silent Castiel swore he could hear the blood pumping in his veins. He could do this. He was older now. He hadn't seen Michael for a very long time. He held his gun up as he checked every corner and every room. There were blankets and other miscellaneous things, so it was clear that some people had been sleeping in here though he wasn't sure if it was Jack and Michael or some unfortunate soul with nowhere else to go.
Castiel nodded. "More than enough." He looked over to Jack. "Keep the engine running. Charlie, your cue."
The blue eyed man swallowed and nodded his head eagerly and that was all the confirmation Dean needed. Within seconds, their lips connected and Dean's hands slipped underneath those fuckin' bee print boxers so he could finally touch him skin to skin. His hand wrapped around the smaller mans cock, pumping gently and listening to the mans soft gasps and moans. They were so gorgeous, exactly how he imagined them to sound if not better. "That's it." He purred, moving his lips to Castiel's neck, nipping and kissing at the skin. "Good boy."
Castiel nodded slightly. "Yes, they use a lot of flowers."
"I know."
Often when spirits would come on board, parts of them would change, not every time though. At times it would be animals that they shared spirit with, like a man who had fox ears and tail for his journey or a woman who once blind in her life on earth, would have the brightest eyes with the greatest vision one could ever have for her journey. Sometimes it had meaning. Sometimes it was meaningless.
"Ah-Ahh-!" Blue's body hunched over as he suddenly came all over himself, panting hard.
"I do." Dean took his hand, using it to get up off of the cold concrete floor. He held his hand tight. "I always do."
The plan had been royally fucked up and at this point he was winging it, but at least he could still give Castiel his gift when the time was right.
"Bout time you two got here!" Bobby snapped at them as they walked in. "Novak, I've been calling you."
"The gas station man- he kept asking me strange questions and I saw you and Castiel on the news and-"
"Do you have any other leads?"
If Castiel didn't push him off- what else would he have done? Would he have completely killed him? Fucked and eaten him right there and then? At the same time?
"Thank you." Castiel nodded, turning his head to the people starting to gather outside. The garden was taped off with two police officers standing around to ensure that nobody that didn't need to be there got in but that wasn't going to stop the nosy public and the even nosier reporters.
"Jack's isn't." Dean looked over to the boy who looked like a deer in headlights. "He's a minor, different laws apply. Besides, look at him, plain and no discernible attributes. No offence, kid."
Jesus. Dean grabbed the man and pushed him against the living room wall, a soft grunt leaving the mans throat. "You're telling me you broke me out of jail and don't trust me?"
When they got to Dean's home, the man let them inside and pulled the chair out at the dinner table for Castiel to sit on, which he did, even though he felt incredibly weird because of it. Dean was nice enough but the guy was strange. There was something off about him that he couldn't quite place, at least not yet. The feeling he got around Dean was similar to the feelings he got around criminals.
Castiel swallowed hard. He didn't want to get into it. "Take your pick, there's many." He murmured. "If it wasn't him, that means the Angel Killer is part of my family."
Just like Blue, he wore a mask too.
Dean looked over to the table then back to Benny. "Who was she?"
"Where's mine?" Jody frowned, raising her eyebrows at Dean who simply shrugged his shoulders.
"Hey-" Dean breathed in, getting that tiniest bit closer. He placed a hand on the figures arm and the other on his face, leaning in to examine him. "You right there buddy?" There was no answer- though Dean didn't expect there to be. This guy was surely dead- but he looked so alive? He had colour in his face. It looked like he was just sleeping. "Hey..." He leaned in that tiniest bit closer.
It was astounding that he was able to survive coming out of that. Even if he died now, being able to survive for a minute or so after is impressive enough.
This situation was making Castiel go insane, which was the goal of course, but it was also making Dean go further off the deep end. The fact that Castiel broke him out made his love for the man expand to an impossible size. The corruption of the Angel was finally happening.
Dean walked away from the examiner without another word, taking Castiel to the impala, laying him down into the back before getting in himself. "Wait I didn't tell you where he lived-" The examiner shouted at Dean but before he could finish, the man was gone.
He walked down the stairs, closing the door behind him. Each step creaked as he walked down it and when he got to the last one, he heard the usual muffled noises of distress that were music to his ears. He smiled lowly at the figure in the corner, bound up against the metal pipe with ropes, handcuffs and a gag.
This explained why the man hadn't been leaving his room, in fact Dean was surprised he had been let in at all. Spirits often hid themselves away in their rooms. Their rooms were designed to look like their safe space after all, their perfect home. Rooms could look like entire farms, jungles or even just a simple cosy cabin like this.
"He can't drive." Castiel huffed.
He wanted to have him all to himself.
"And we'll kill you together."
The sensation of Dean filling him up was enough to make Castiel cum for the third time, a loud strained cry leaving his throat that would without a doubt feel terribly sore come the morning. "Aah-AH!"
Once checking that Lucifer was definitely gone, Dean made his way back down into the basement where Castiel was. The man was just laying there helplessly, drool seeping out from his mouth due to the gag. Fuck, it was so hot. "Cas, you can't hear me, can you?" He asked but got no response from the man. He couldn't see or hear anything. Totally helpless, life in Dean's hands.
"I'm...sorry for your friend." Jack spoke softly. "I didn't mean for this to happen."
Dean quickly turned around to the voice, aiming his gun at the figure in the darkness. "You don't have him- you're bluffing."
"What- that's no way to treat an old friend." Lucifer frowned. "I told you everything you know about him...before he put me away." He let out a lengthy sigh. "Don't you remember the good times we had? Me, you- Sammy...how is Sammy?" He licked over his lips.
Castiel felt his heart starting to race in his chest. "Who, Jack?" The boy only went silent though, not saying another word. "Jack, who? Jack-!"
Now wasn't the time to think about the religious trauma that came with his family though. His mind had to be on the job.
He wiggled his wrists and legs to see how much he could move them with the rope tied around it, then his body. He could tell that he was on the ground bound to something but he couldn't tell exactly what it was, only that it was cold against his skin. He felt like the only sense he left in his body was touch. It was like everything else had been ripped away. Even the gag didn't have a taste. He knew of course he had to be in the building yet he couldn't tell where he was or how his body was turned. He could be floating for all he knew.
The sudden release was enough to push him over the edge, imagining that it was Dean that did that to Blue, that he made the man so horny he just couldn't contain himself. "Oh fuck, Blue- Fuck!" Dean gritted his lips as he came all over his hand and desk.
"Just go back to Bobby and say I left before you could do anything- and let me know everything that happens, okay? Even the tiniest details, can you do that for me?" Castiel asked.
"You want more? I can make you feel good." He licked his lips. "I can help you be more...experienced." He squeezed his bulge, making the other man gasp.
[ PLAYLIST: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaBekx8yFxt3VlpCbxG8OzNJ3Q4ralmM_ ]
Jack wasn't sure what to say- he didn't know what Dean would be okay with. He swallowed hard, looking over to Dean for answers, which Castiel of course noticed. Castiel furrowed his eyebrows, looking over to Dean. The man didn't look too amused with Jack's obvious actions but he was a supreme bullshitter, he could do it. "Jack was...telling me while you were in the shower." Dean exhaled. "You really didn't see the person who did it to you?"
Castiel rushed to the car with Dean in tow, hopping into the passenger seat while Dean hopped into the back. "Drive, Jack."
Castiel's eyes narrowed. "Don't I?" He asked. "First you're hiding things and now you send Jack out to the wolves. Do you want to get rid of him? Is that it?"
"We have a new person joining us, Kevin Tran, just a kid but he's pretty smart, straight out of Uni." Castiel nodded, sipping the coffee. "Cyber department, he'll be very helpful there."
Again, he knew better than to question the ways of the afterlife.
Castiel inhaled sharply. "Dean-"
Although he was driving as fast as possible, it felt like the car couldn't go any slower. It was agony.
Castiel kept going forward despite the uneasy feeling in his chest. He got into the building through the back doors and crept down the hallway, his heart thumping hard. He snuck to the jail area, unlocking the door to the rooms after fetching the keys from the desk he knew the copy was kept in and closing it behind him. There was nobody else locked up here for the night, Dean would surely be transferred to the prison tomorrow to be held there until his court case. This night was the only time he could do this. It was now or never.
ANGEL OF TEARS
"Definitely lives up to his name." Dean got up from his seat, pocketing the card. "Alright, let's all get out of here, what a waste." He waved off his workers, irritated. This was a complete waste of time. Time he could've spent at home jerking off to Blue. Fuck, he sounded like a sex-crazed pervert and when it came to the Angel of Tears, he was. All he could ever think about was fucking the man.
"I know you're just doing your job- but you know he didn't do this either. It's too perfect." Castiel frowned. "You know it's never this perfect."
Castiel arrived with Dean at the murder scene, his childhood house. It sparked many memories, all bad, he always struggled to think up anything good that happened in that house. It wasn't a house but a kingdom that Michael ruled over as the ruthless king. It didn't surprise him that the Angel Killer would do something like that here, yet he was also still so full of shock. Whoever this guy was, clearly he knew a lot about him, hell he was probably watching him for a long time. It sent chills down his spine.
"My place." Dean nodded. "I'll cook for you- not to brag but I'm pretty good, especially when it comes to meat." He never did enjoy that rabbit food.
Castiel arrived at the station. He would never admit it but he felt sick with nerves. He was so used to being in control, knowing what was happening and what was going to happen but this? He was utterly clueless. He let out a lengthy sigh of nerves before walking into the station for questioning- like he was a fucking victim.
The detective felt sick in his stomach. The killer had killed this woman for him- and what the fuck did he mean by 'soon we will be doing this together'? This guy was clearly sick in the head. "Bobby-" Before he could finish what he was going to say, the man cut him off. "Go back to the station. Now." He said. "No arguments. Dean! Drive him, wont ya?"
"You'll remember it all. It just takes time." Dean reassured him.
"Damn it-" Dean pressed his body against Castiel's, his hips flush against the detectives. A soft gasp left the blue eyed man. It was like music to his ears.
Dick Roman's 'event'. He didn't even know what the hell it was- with the wing logo, he assumed it was something religious, yet he didn't get that vibe from Dick. He was a sinner if he ever saw one. Maybe a charity event? Pfft- yeah, right. Dick was a greedy motherfucker, he wouldn't give a cent away unless he'd benefit from it. Dude looked like he was one bad move away from becoming Lex Luthor.
"Have you found any traces of Michael?" Castiel asked, Bobby only shaking his head. "How can he just- disappear? It doesn't make any sense."
"A job?" He asked, only getting more confused by the second. He felt so confused yet so at peace.
Castiel looked up at Michael, his blue eyes teary. His young body was covered in bruises from the fists of the eldest brother. He was so young, only eight years old. The whites of his eyes reddened and lips quivering. "This is what happens when you go against god." Michael kneeled down so he was at eye level with his little brother, an innocent child. "Looking at another boy like that is a sin, Castiel."
Dean arrived at the station with coffee in hand and an apple in the other, one he fetched from the very tree in Eden itself. "Morning, Detective." He greeted Castiel as he walked up to his desk. The man looked like he hadn't slept. There were papers sprawled out on his desk along with copies of the card. There hadn't been any DNA evidence on the card or anywhere else near the body, though Castiel wasn't surprised considering this guy wanted to play cat and mouse with him.
He hopped off the bed, feeling groggy and out of the bedroom, noticing Dean sitting in the lounge room, beer in hand. "Should you be drinking so early?" He asked, voice more gruff than usual.
Castiel reached up, grabbing at Dean's arms to try and push the man off him but fuck he was even tougher than he looked. "Considering what I learned yesterday, no, I don't trust you. You knew my brother. What else do you know?"
Shouts from inside thankfully interrupted their moment and without a second thought, Dean rushed into the cabin. "Cas-!"
That smile.
Dean only smiled, putting his hands up in mock surrender. "Only if I get something out of it."
Castiel felt like he couldn't breathe. "Don't take it personally."
Dean put his hands up in mock surrender. "Fine, get the boy ready then, Detective." He smiled at him once more before leaving and going outside to get the car ready. He couldn't believe they were going back, the whole break out almost seemed pointless. Almost. He knew it wouldn't have gone good for him if he stayed though. This case was already obsessed over by the public. They loved a story and loved a hero winning. Some counties still had the death penalty. He couldn't die, not yet, not before he completed his plan. Not before he corrupted Castiel. Not before he fucked him until the man couldn't function anymore.
The only good thing John had going for him was that he tasted nice.
The amulet was smart, just like Sammy. Dean swore it was him some days.
Castiel got out of the car a minute or so after Charlie did. He peeked around the corner, making sure the officers were occupied. They were blushing bumbling messes so whatever Charlie was doing worked, even if she looked awkward as hell doing it. Once everything was cleared up, he made a mental note to take her out to dinner to make up for this mess.
"Cas, it's gonna hurt like a bitch-"
"No, no- I can't." Jack shook his head again, starting to panic. "I can't- I didn't do anything."
"What does it say in the card?" Castiel asked the examiners near the body.
Fuck, he was exhausted.
Castiel stared up at Dean in awe as he undressed because fuck his body was so perfect, like some sort of Greek god. The man wasn't wasting anytime, not even leaving his underwear on. He was fully fucking naked and looking perfect. "Dean-"
It was Michael. It had to be.
Castiel's eyebrows furrowed. "I didn't scream."
The news reporter spoke and as she named everyone, pictures flashed on the television, even Jack's.
see it?" Charlie tilted her head.
"He's at his hotel, already spoken to Dean." Bobby replied.
"Hey, nothing to apologise about." Dean grinned, putting his hand back on the mans crotch. Fuck, he was still hard. "It's kind of hot."
"Go start the car, Officer Winchester." Castiel hissed out.
It was ironic too, Castiel did the dirtiest things for thousands to see and yet another man had never touched him.
Castiel looked horrified. "Is nobody listening? I said no."
"Perfect." Just as he thought. "I need you to do something for me. I know how you good are with uh...computer stuff- do you think you could hack into the station and disable all the cameras for me?"
Castiel leaned back once more in his chair, staring aimlessly at the wall. He was exhausted. His body was sweaty and covered in his own cum. If his family saw him like this or knew what he was doing- well...it would be the end of him. Michael would kill him, that's for sure. Being disowned would be the nicest option he could come up with.
Castiel's face paled as he stared at the card in shock. He felt like he was staring for an eternity for Bobby came over and made the examiner take the card from him. "Seal that up." Bobby ordered before grabbing Castiel's shoulder, turning him away from the examiner, the card and the body. "Looks like you got a fan."
It wasn't surprising that he left.
"Well-" Dean sighed. "It's not Michael- It's Lucifer- and Jack is Lucifer's son."
"That-" Castiel tilted his head back, gasping. "Oh god- it feels good, Dean."
Dean stared at Jack as he rambled. He truly was just a kid but there was darkness within him. A darkness that couldn't be bought into the light. Castiel loved Jack, that was apparent, but Jack was a problem that would only get bigger.
His words made Castiel's face red. His entire body red- and he hated it, fuck, he hated it. "I don't know what you're insinuating. You don't know anything about me. You're still a stranger."
"What the..." Dean held his breath, staring in shock.
did this time and nobody would be able to save Castiel from Lucifer's wrath. Without Dean there, Lucifer would surely kill Castiel.
Dean managed to stand up straight as the pain simmered, watching the man go. God, he loved him.
Kevin cleared his throat, feeling a little awkward being put on the spot. "Well, he doesn't have any online presence- or any presence anywhere at all, it's like he doesn't exist." He nodded. "Nice to meet you by the way, big fan." He said to Castiel.
Charlie rolled her eyes, smiling. "For a genius detective, you can be quite dumb." She looked down at her laptop, typing on the keys for a few minutes. "By the way- made your plan better. Alarms off and cameras will show the same frame for the twenty minutes, that enough time?"
John was the only thing he hated more than the police. Dean grew up cold, the only thing he loved being his brother and that's how it was for the majority of his life until he saw
"Uh- not sure, found it in the void of the cabinets." Dean lied, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. "It's nice though, right?"
Dean just laughed. "Getting impatient?" He took the boxers out of his mouth and tossed them on the ground along with their other clothes. "Where's that shy boy from a few seconds ago?" He didn't give Castiel time to answer though, moving back up and slowly licking up the mans shaft. God, he lost count of how many times he he dreamt of having the mans cock in his mouth. He couldn't believe this was happening. Sam was a dick, yeah, but a fucking genius. He barely gave Castiel any time to respond to the feeling before he took him in his mouth and ruthlessly started to bob his head.
Dean had bitten a chunk from his neck out.
The things he could do to him now drove Dean wild. He could tie him to the bed and fuck him senseless. Castiel wouldn't be able to do anything to stop him and god did Dean want to put his mark on him. He felt so sickly, so jealous, so enraged-
What-? He exchanged looks with Dean and it appeared that they both thinking the same thing. Without a word exchanged between them, they both ruthlessly pushed through the reporters to get into the station.
If he were a bug, even the dirtiest gardens wouldn't accept him. He didn't deserve to lick the mud off Dean's boots. There was no way to describe the hatred Dean had for his father, insults could leave his mouth faster than a race car and it still wouldn't be enough. It was no secret to anyone in town that John had been the one to kill his wife, Mary, but without enough evidence the police couldn't do anything. Dean despised the police. Evidence this, evidence that- fuck evidence. Everyone in the town knew he was the one who did it. John was an abusive sad old man.
It was far out of town, a little cabin in the woods. It was near a river, sometimes he would fish there. Sometimes he would lure someone there. It was the place he had prepared the woman's body for show for Castiel. He had so many ideas for what he could do for the detective, all ruined by Lucifer's copycat show. He went from not being suspected, to Lucifer taking credit for his work to the sole killer for both women.
"I'll be gentle." He slowly started to push into Castiel, grunting at the tightness. Shit, he really was a virgin. His hole was clenching around him like it was a life or death situation. "Fuck...you're so tight." He bit his lip.
"Well this wouldn't be the best time to turn off." Castiel countered. "About what happened, do-"
Well, shit. That's what happened now though, didn't it?
He could feel it eating at him.
Dean exhaled through his nose, watching him for a moment. "...eat your breakfast, kid." He murmured. "I told you- it's between you and me." Castiel didn't need to know. He knew keeping secrets wasn't the best start to the relationship but neither was murdering someone to get their attention. "When Cas starts asking questions, you let me do the talking and you follow my lead."
"Dean-"
Castiel was already absolutely exhausted, laying back sweaty against the couch and panting hard.
It gave him chills.
"I want you inside." Castiel breathlessly murmured after a moment, struggling to keep his hazy eyes open to stare at Dean.
Dean smiled at that. "Oh yeah- It'll be nice for Charlie to have someone there." Charlie was one of the workers in the department, dealing with cybercrimes and other computer work they needed. She was exceptional. They had become friends a few years ago, but only because Dean had been planning this situation with Castiel for so long. It was important to Dean that he knew the people here and had them on his side just in case anything went badly. Sure, they all liked Castiel but everyone agreed he could be a bit...much. He was a weird guy, far too serious, rarely ever smiled.
"Come on now-" Dean went to lean in more, unable to stop himself, but stopped himself at the sound of a door opening.
"Oh? You don't?" Lucifer tilted his head. "Castiel is in the basement right now, bound and helpless. You could do whatever you wanted to him. Nobody would know, and I wouldn't tell."
Bobby pinched the bridge of his nose. "I'll have to talk it over with the others but he may be able to stay with you for the investigation anyway." He said. "He's not allowed out of state or the city until it's over."
"Perfect excuse."
There was a shout from the officers near the body that made all three turn. "What the fuck!" They shouted as one of the examiners pulled out a bloodied card from the stomach of the poor woman. It appeared to be a congratulations card. Killer had a fucking sense of humour.
The two of them stood there awkwardly for a moment before Dean broke the silence. "So, uh...Cas- Castiel," He cleared his throat. "Yeah, we can uh...watch a movie or something." Definitely not Brokeback Mountain. "I'll clean up the plates and put something on if you'd like?"
On the apple tree centrepiece of the gardens was a woman strung up like Jesus, her arms and hands nailed to the tree. She was completely naked, body bloodied and bruised, it was clear she went through a lot of abuse before she was finally killed. She was missing one of her legs, her stomach was carved open and the majority of organs were missing and what wasn't was spilling out, some hanging on by a thread and others dropped to the grass, flowers and succulents below. Upon closer inspection bruises and blood wasn't the only thing on her body, but carvings of the flesh too, she appeared to have various things carved into her 'sinner' along with multiple crosses.
"Christ..." Dean rubbed his forehead. "Yeah, him being outted is good and all but I don't think we can just go and hand ourselves in."
The station was as dark as the sky, it appeared like there was not a soul in the building but Castiel knew there was. Dean was sitting in the cell, alone and confused and there were two policemen on duty to guard him due to how controversial the case was. There was no doubt in the detectives mind that there would be reporters trying to get their grubby hands on Dean and stick their noses in. He knew they were only doing their jobs but god how he despised them. A child dies, it's a reporters big pay day. An innocent man gets thrown into jail and a reporter acts like they haven't eaten in years and Dean's the forbidden apple on the tree in Eden.
"No. I heard they say...something before hitting my head but I can't remember what." Castiel replied.
Castiel only stared back at him with an unamused expression. He had to be nice...well did he-? No, he had to. "You're...fine. He got me coffee."
Surely things would be smoother if he didn't break Dean out.
"Wait- Jack?" Dean almost choked on his own spit.
"Go through the back way, the camera is on at the front door so they can see me." Charlie closed the laptop, putting it into her shoulder bag and getting out of the car. She rounded the corner to the police station, taking a deep breath before she banged hard on the door. "Hey, hey! Anyone in there?" She shouted, banging as hard as possible.
Fuck sake- if he just had a few more seconds...
." He didn't think the man could get any hotter and he had never been more happy to be wrong about something. The idea of taking Castiel's virginity made him shudder.
It didn't take much convincing. Castiel knew that most clueless boyfriends would take whatever he suggested no matter the price, desperate to please their girlfriend. He wasn't taking advantage, per say, but he just wasn't going to suggest cheaper ones. "Perfect." He walked over to the counter with the man following cluelessly behind. "That'll be $90."
This was Lucifer's plan. This was his revenge. Dean would go to jail for something
Bobby sighed yet again. "Don't need to act tough, aight?" He shook his head. "Why did you go there anyway, huh? Did you go there or did he take you there? From your house, maybe?"
"Yeah- Yeah-" Kevin spoke up. "Anyway- as I was gonna say, Detective Novak, we uh...found out something strange about him."
He entered the interrogation room, Jack sitting at the end of the table, head bowed and eyes staring at the table. "Are you ready to talk to me yet, Jack?" He asked softly, sitting down across from him. "It's not good for you to be held up here. You should be somewhere safe, at a nice house, warm and cosy- not in a jail cell. You're just a kid." Jack still continued to stay silent. "Was it Michael?"
He looked over to the wings again. He couldn't stop staring. They were beautiful. He wanted to run his fingers through the feathers. Fuck, his mouth felt dry yet again. If the light was truly Heaven with god and angels like humanity thought, he thought Castiel would fit right in, black feathers or not.
He would lose it.
The older man leaned down. "It's your turn, baby." He bit the waistband of the boxers, staring up at Castiel with those cheeky green eyes and equally cheeky grin as he pulled them down and off the other man, painfully slow.
Dean's eyebrows furrowed. "Jack?" Lucifer nodded at that. "He's your son? You just- you just let him be captured like that?"
Maybe.
Blue would be there when he got home. That was one thing that never changed in his life. He wanted to spend every waking moment watching the man and he knew it wasn't healthy and it wasn't right but he couldn't help himself. At this point it was becoming an obsession.
Castiel gasped as he awoke from his dream. He felt an aching in his head. He sat up, rubbing his forehead. "What the..." He looked around, squinting in confusion. He was at his home-? He sat there for a moment, struggling to remember what happened. It came to him slowly. Dinner at Dean's house interrupted by a call of another murder, this time the body being at his childhood home. The Angel Killer was definitely stepping up his game, enjoying what it was doing to him. Fuck, Castiel couldn't believe he had passed out. How embarrassing. How did he get home though?
John Winchester was the scum of the earth.
Thankfully, having the kid here helped stop some of those thoughts.
"I should've known it was you." Dean growled.
Castiel bit his lip. He wasn't going to tell Bobby that Jack was the one that led him there, Bobby would think it was a trap and maybe it was but Castiel didn't believe it for a second. He would only find Jack more suspicious. This wouldn't do anyone any favours. "I...I don't remember." He lied. "But it's not Dean." He didn't need Jack having another charge laid his way. He knew that the boy had to be innocent.
Growing up in a highly religious family as a gay man was hard. None of them knew he was gay, at least not officially, he knew that they suspected it, but it wasn't something they could prove. It was okay for now. They just couldn't know.
"Somewhere far away, somewhere you'll be safe while we figure this out." Castiel nodded. He wanted to interrogate the boy immediately, ask questions and get answers but Dean was right, they weren't going anywhere for awhile, so even if he got his answers now he couldn't do anything about it. Besides it wasn't best to immediately get into it and overwhelm the kid. "Why don't you go sit down? Dean's making breakfast." He gave Dean a look and the man immediately went to the kitchen. "I'll join you in a moment." He smiled.
"Shh," He kissed his neck softly and moved back up so their lips were pressed together, pushing his tongue forcefully into Castiel's mouth. He gave his cock a harsh squeeze and the pathetic noise that left Castiel's mouth almost made him cum right there and then. "Shit," He let go of the mans cock and adjusted their positions so Castiel was laying on his back and Dean was on top of him. As they kissed he pressed their hips together, rutting against him for some sort of friction.
, so I know it's not any of my sisters, aunts or anything along those lines. It has to be Michael."
Finally Dean's eyes fell onto the back of the man where he could see beautiful angel-like wings attached, the feathers black though had a slight rainbow gleam in the sunlight. It was truly beautiful. Dean had seen lots of strange things on spirits he bought on board but never anything like this. It was gorgeous. It took his breath away.
The two left the station together, hopping into Dean's impala and heading over to his house. The impala was Dean's pride and joy. It was his fathers and the man never let him drive it when they were younger, hell, Dean remembered getting beaten black and blue from just touching it. The fact that he could drive it now and John couldn't do anything about it gave Dean extreme pleasure. John would fucking hate it having a detective in his car, especially a gay one.  Dean himself had always been scared of his sexuality when he was younger. John was extremely homophobic, he had that in common with Michael, Castiel's eldest brother, and Dean knew he would've gotten killed if he had come out as bisexual to the man. For so long, Dean tried to supress it but the moment he killed John, he felt free. He fucked whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. Women were nice, sure, but men? That he enjoyed far more. Of course now he didn't have eyes for anyone other than Castiel.
"Jack?" Castiel looked over to the boy in the backseat, who was now fast asleep. The stress from the situation must've gotten to him. For a 17 year old too, he acted far younger. Castiel suspected it was a coping mechanism or perhaps it was just the way he was from things happening in his life, at times trauma can make someone older mentally younger. His heart broke to think about what happened to him. "He's asleep."
"What happened?"
The more he learnt about Jack's life, the more horrified he was. That was some fucked up shit. It made his blood boil. The poor boy seemed like he was seconds away from snapping, either losing his mind completely or killing someone in traumatic rage. Castiel didn't think Jack had that in him but trauma did bad things to people. Trauma made people do bad things. Who knows, if Castiel didn't get out of there he might've grown up to be exactly like Lucifer and Michael. "I wasn't told he got out of jail." Castiel spoke softly. "He got life without parole."
Round three?
Dean looked up, looking a little disoriented and when he saw Castiel he thought he must be dreaming. "...Cas?"
He jumped into his car and drove down to the station, parking around the back to avoid any press lingering for photos. Bobby and a few other officers were waiting with Jack. Jack looked horrible, like he had been crying and Castiel didn't doubt that. It seemed like the boy couldn't stop crying since they got him into custody.
Dean couldn't stop the grin spreading on his face at those words. He knew that leg would come in handy. "I'm glad you like it." He himself always enjoyed thigh meat, it was the best part of the body. God, how he would like to bite into Castiel's juicy thigh. The man was driving him crazy, teasing him by just sitting there across from him. They were all alone now, if he lunged over the table and wrapped his arms around Castiel's throat, choking the life out of him, nobody would be able to stop him. He could pin him down against the floor, rip his clothes off of him and run his tongue up his body, feel the man shiver under him.
Jack went silent again before speaking up, voice soft. "It is my fault." He murmured. "I hurt her. It's my fault."
Dean let out a shaky breath and ran his hands down his face, completely freaking the fuck out. "Fuck, fuck, fuck-" His shaky eyes trailed over to the shopping bags. The plastic handles were...a strange reddish colour in comparison to the rest of the bag. It wasn't paint. It wasn't printed onto the plastic. It was smudged with Jack's fingerprints and fingers from where he held it.
Jack snapped at that, kicking the table over. "Oh- god, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to-" He seemed to definitely have some issues with anger and controlling himself in general. Castiel knew what that was like. He knew what that meant. The boy had been abused. There was no doubt about that. This person was definitely making him do it- this...family member, of his. "We're family, that's what I was told. I had to do this for you. He said...this was the way I could prove myself, that you deserved this."
"Absolutely not. This is my crime scene now. Whoever did this, did it for me." Castiel shook his head.
"I can explain more later." He opened the door and walked over to Dean, stretching his hand out for Dean to take. "Do you trust me?"
Castiel felt incredibly guilty for bringing him into this, but this was the best way. Clear both Jack's and Dean's name. Sure, Jack had been let free but he could still go down and he wasn't going to let that happen. The moment they started driving again, he turned to Dean. "So, where exactly are we going?"
Dean could never understand why people paid so much for dying plants. Sure, it was a huge ass nice bouquet but come on. "Yeah..." He took out his card, tapping it on the machine. "She better like 'em, taking your word for it."
"I have a feeling it's the light for you, Angel."
"That's right." Dean rubbed his forehead in frustration. John suggested to him that they become partners with this dickhead. Even with the company in Dean's capable hands, John still chimed in every now and then and Dean had no choice but to listen. Becoming partners with him was a good business move.  The guy was loaded and owned many different companies and businesses. Most of which Winchester Enterprise wanted their hands on, all the investors did at least. "Living up to his name by being late, what a dick." That caused a few snickers from the workers.
"What?" Castiel furrowed his eyebrows, feeling his pockets for his phone. Fuck, where even was it? He couldn't remember even grabbing it before they left.
"Jack's fine-"
Dean plated himself up some and kept the oven on low so Castiel's stayed warm. "So uh..." How does one even talk to kids. "Lucifer, huh?"
Castiel Novak had always been a stranger to emotions. He was taught to supress them as a child. Emotion was a weakness, at least that's what Michael would say and although he didn't follow his brothers lead anymore, he still believed that. Emotion often got in the way, especially when it came to police work. He would never allow emotion to influence a case.
This definitely felt too easy, for a second he wondered if Charlie faked being on their side to set him up, which almost made him want to turn back but he didn't.
They too were getting low on food and water already. Someone soon would have to go out to get some more but it was too risky for anyone. Their faces were all over the news, except for maybe Jack's, being a minor his face wasn't as well known. It was the one benefit he had.
Blood gushed out of the wound. Castiel placed his hand over it but even that didn't stop it from pouring out. "Dean! What did you-" His hand trembled as he removed it from the wound and looked down at it. The hand was covered in blood...and on the floor- a chunk of skin.
"Ah- Haa..."
The comments on the live went wild.
The amulet was given to him by Sam, his little brother and he wore it every day of his life and afterlife. He died wearing it and so it became a spirit beacon, the spirit in the sky made it so.
"And he knows?"
"Oh, sure..." Castiel replied, voice laced with awkwardness. He really didn't know what to do at this point.
If he touched him, Castiel would have no way of knowing who he was- though he may think it was Michael and that would definitely fuck him up a little. Still, Dean couldn't help himself, his hands reaching over and touching Castiel's chest. The man jolted in surprise and let out muffled noises of protest, thrashing around best he could with the ropes tied up on him. Christ. Dean thought he wouldn't be able to see this beautiful sight for awhile but here he was.
That look in his eye.
"With luck, you weren't noticed, but I doubt it. Though it seems dumb luck follows you." Dean huffed. He knew he should've killed him. He would've any other time, so why he couldn't he do it? Nothing made sense anymore. If Lucifer didn't interfere, he would already be far in his plan. Castiel would already be in his arms. He would already be corrupted by the pleasure. There was nothing he wanted more than to fuck, love and kill the man. All three was something that wasn't entirely possible, if he wanted it to last forever that is. "You're not going anywhere alone again. From now on, you're either with me or Castiel, got it? And me and you are gonna have some private lessons so you can learn how to not be an idiot when you kill someone."
"Don't speak for him, cannibal." Castiel's eyes narrowed.
"Feels...so good..." Blue's hands smoothed over Dean's back. "Please- I need you, I want more- Please, Sir..."
"You don't want me to stop." Dean rolled his hips against Castiel's, their crotches rubbing against each others so nicely. "I can
"I'm here to break you out. We'll prove your innocence." Castiel took the keys out and unlocked the door.
"Jack-" Dean took a step closer.
When he got there, by the grace of god Dean managed to get a park in front. It was a cute store, two story, it appeared that there was a home above it, maybe the owners. That was the most logical assumption anyway.
His heart rate picked up more and more as he closed in the distance. The closer he got, he could see the figure. It was...a man- a gorgeous one at that. He had dark hair, beautiful skin, lashes and fuck, he was wearing like a toga-robe sorta thing- stereotypical angel shit. Dean couldn't believe it. The toga went down one side, leaving the other side of his chest bare and out for everyone to see. The toga connected to the bottom, which was some sort of shorts-skirt hybrid. All white, like his wings, yet his wings were somehow whiter.
The man only continued to speak his foreign language before all of a sudden, he passed out yet again.
"We'll see." The car pulled up to Castiel's house. "We'll have a car out watching, so don't worry."
Jack swallowed hard, looking nervous. "Got it."
If touching Castiel's bare chest was enough to do that he couldn't imagine how good it would feel when they finally fucked.
"That's the point." Dean parked the car once they got to the cabin, getting out along with Castiel.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, okay," He let out a breath and stretched his arms out before grabbing the man again. He was harder to move around with gravity in place, by far, but he managed to move him along to the infirmary with the help of the crew, putting the man on the largest infirmary bed that they had there and even then his wing were still slung off of the bed.
He knew they had to fix this shit quickly. Michael was going to die in the basement and sure he wanted him dead but not like this. He wasn't going to let Lucifer screw up that plan at least.
Dean wiped the drool from his mouth. Sometimes it was hard to contain himself when he thought about Castiel and it was much harder now that he finally met him, saw him in person and was close enough to wrap his hands around that pretty neck. Thinking about watching Castiel and listening to him as he gasped for air was enough to make his cock start to harden in his pants. Fuck.
Dean smiled at her voice, turning to her. The red head, he had picked her up a long time ago, what felt like hundreds of years ago. Sometimes souls took a long time to pass and sometimes he could pick them up and drop them off in the same day. He had Charlie with him for so long he deemed her his first mate. It would be hard when it was her time to go. "There's supposed to be a soul on an island not far from here- a new one too." Sometimes souls spent a long time on the islands of the afterlife before Dean could pick them up. He wasn't sure why it happened that way but it had its reasons and he knew better than to question the ways of the afterlife. He was only the delivery guy after all. "Amulet's tellin' me so."
Castiel was pacing the main room, anxious, thinking the worst was happening. Jack was being arrested- or maybe being killed by some freak truck driver, like a bad 80s serial killer movie. Jack was the perfect innocent unsuspecting victim. The idea made him feel sick to his stomach. Jack couldn't hurt a fly, at least not on purpose, not without someone to force him. "God damn it, I'm going to go after him!"
When Castiel woke, he felt every kidnapped cliché, goose bumps on his skin, aching in the back of his head and heart racing so fast it felt like it was about to burst out of his chest. Sometimes on the job he felt like it could really happen, especially with these recent events.  At first he thought the room was dark but he could feel the blindfold or whatever the fuck it was across his eyes. At first he thought it was dead silent- then he could feel something in and around his ears. He felt the gag in his mouth the moment he woke up.
"I'm talking to him." Castiel said. "That's final. He'll talk to me, I know it."
The heat of the moment was almost unbearable, so he'd give into Castiel's words, but not for him, for Dean's own lack of strength to hold back if this progressed.
The man slowly sat up with a hazy look on his face, like he had just woken up from sleep and in a way he did. "Where...am I?"
"Oh- Sorry, I uh, I'm Dean, Bobby's son- sorta." Dean let out a chuckle, rubbing the back of his neck. "Feels like it at least, he took us in after my mother passed and my dad went god knows where."
"Who knew you were such a slut?" Dean grinned. He definitely didn't mind though. He started fucking Castiel faster and harder, pounding his ass as hard as humanly possible and fuck it made the man scream and cry in pleasure, the neighbours probably freaking out that there was a fuckin' banshee nearby. "Yeah- you take it so pretty." He felt his stomach getting hotter and hotter. It was such an intense feeling, he knew he was going to cum soon and obviously Castiel wasn't that far off either. "Fuck, Cas, gonna cum..."
Everything people found odd about Castiel was everything Dean loved about him. He was nothing like the others. Dean hadn't ever seen someone like him before. His beauty was indescribable. Justice drove Castiel. The fact that Castiel would throw him into prison right now if he knew what he was, well, it excited Dean.
"I c-can't- ah, fuck, Dean!" He threw his head back, body shaking as his prostate was getting abused again and again. Dean was so deep he could feel him in his stomach. "I can't--" Drool seeped out from his mouth as he was fucked. "Mnghh!" He came all over himself again, at this point his stomach was a complete sticky mess and he wasn't sure how he still had any cum left to give.
The two of them panted, struggling to catch their breath, almost as if they were doing it together.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I took you home after you passed out- stayed the night to make sure you were alright, hope you don't mind." Dean put down one of the plates. "We didn't get to finish last night, so take this breakfast as apology."
"Normally." Castiel nodded. "Everyone here has come from church."
"See ya, Blue." He shut his phone off and got out his car.
"Not the nicest thing to see, huh?" Came a voice.
Blue shut off the camera and computer. Once he did so, his hand moved up, slipping the mask off of his sweaty face. When the mask was off, he was just Castiel Novak again. Quiet owner of Novak Floral, a quaint Christian flower shop. The Novak's were a prominent religious family, owners of many churches in the area as well as other businesses. The florist was left in Castiel's hands while the others dealt with things they deemed too important and serious for the man to deal with.
Castiel felt like he choked on his own spit hearing that. "I-What?" Charlie just laughed at the reaction along with Dean. Wait- was it really a date then and not just a very weird oddly filled with sexual intension co-worker dinner? Okay, maybe Castiel wasn't the best at social cues.
Castiel hesitantly took his hand, allowing the man to help him up. "I'm dead?"
Fuck.
That didn't really surprise the detective. Castiel let out a breath before walking over to the table, sitting on the chair across from Jack. "Can you tell me why you were at the crime scene- and why your DNA is on the body, Jack?" He kept his tone soft and gentle. Yelling at the boy wouldn't get them anywhere.
Fuck, he was so eager- so far gone.
Castiel walked into the room surrounding the interrogation room, looking out the two-way mirror and into the boy sitting alone at the table. The boy was definitely young- he looked seventeen or eighteen. He had brown hair and light skin. His clothes appeared to be pretty old definitely dirty too with what appeared to be blood, hell, upon closer inspection the boys clothes appeared to be littered in it. It was clear he had been crying, his eyes were puffy and one could even see the tear marks down his cheeks. There was no way this kid was a killer. He swallowed hard, putting his hand on the button that allowed him to speak into the room. "What's your name, kid?"
Dick kept that fake smile on his lips. "I'll have to love you and leave you though. Urgent matters came up, I just popped in to say it face to face." He glanced over to the workers then back over to Dean. "Why don't we continue this tonight? I have an event." He handed Dean a card. "Don't worry too much about your workers, I'm fine if it's only you."
Jack's eyes widened. "What...what do you mean? Nothing," his eyes then looked over to Dean for guidance. An instant giveaway Dean knew he would have to beat out of him.
Dean couldn't deny that part of that hurt, well, it hurt the human side of him. Every other part of him loved it. It sent shivers down his spine. The suspicion. The not knowing. The chase.
"Yeah."
"I can talk to him?" Dean suggested.
"And what did-"
"Thank you." Castiel wasn't particularly into drinking but he didn't mind having a glass or two for dinner. Dean seemed relatively harmless. He took the glass and sipped it. It tasted sort of like apples, in a way, but it was nice. "What kind of wine is this?"
"Happily, thank you." While Dean was strange, he was also nice. Castiel himself never really had a home cooked meal. He didn't have the time to eat such things. He often just ate fast food because it was quick and easy, even if he knew it wasn't the best thing for him. Hamburgers were his guilty pleasure. He grabbed the fork and dug into the chicken, tearing a piece off and putting it into his mouth. "It's good." Really good actually, but maybe it was just because he hadn't had chicken in awhile.
That was just a fantasy though. He knew realistically even if he met the man, Blue most likely wouldn't be interested and even if he was, they couldn't be together. Dean was straight. Yeah. Straight. That's what he told himself. That's what he knew he should be. He couldn't live his life with a man. It just wasn't realistic, no matter how much his heart ached for it.
Castiel felt himself getting dizzy on his feet. He stared at the body, everything starting to blur and before he knew it, he fell onto the cold concrete in front of his house. As he slipped under, the last thing he could hear were shouts.
"Do we need to head back?" Castiel asked. It was only Friday night- they had just gotten here an hour or so ago.
He felt particularly uncomfortable now knowing this was a religious store. Here he was checking out the owner who was not only a man but a Novak. It wasn't like he believed in the whole God bullshit but...yeah. Whatever. If Hell existed, he knew he was definitely going there.
It took Dean a long time to get comfortable in his sexuality, come out to Sam and be open about it with the world. The fact that John had drunk himself to death years ago only made it easier. He could be whoever he wanted and he could fuck whoever he wanted. Well...most of the time. He knew Sam would most likely oppose to him fucking his best friend, so he bit his tongue.
"Cas-?" Dean stared at him in shock for a moment as he laid on the ground, letting the nickname slip. He had seen Castiel be ruthless and uncaring when it came to seeing these things before, but the situation of being specifically targeted now must be getting to him. A murder at his childhood home- that wasn't supposed to happen until phase four. Fuck sake, this copycat was really fucking things up. Everything was supposed to go to plan- everything was supposed to be exact. His blood was boiling.
Castiel walked over, stepping over the tape around the tree, slipping gloves on that another examiner handed to him as he opened the card.
Hey! I hope you guys are liking it so far, many twists and plot to come. I made a little playlist for some songs that put me in the mood for this fanfiction. 'Tear you apart' and 'Breezeblocks' especially, which is obvious when you listen to them. Give it a listen if you want! There's songs put in there that will match future scenes.
He wasn't about to say no. If Castiel wanted this he would be more than happy to give him it. "Fuck you're so hot..." He leaned down and gave him a quick kiss. "I'll get some lube."
Castiel's eyebrows furrowed. "Cashing in the overtime already, I see."
"Who were you with, Jack? Your mother?" Castiel asked, the boy nodding. "And where is she now?"
Dean instantly froze at that. "Ca- what-?"
"Yeah- and now I'll finish what I started." Dean aimed the gun at Lucifer's head.
"Sir," Castiel rushed over to him. "What happened here?"
"I think you liked it. And I think that scares you." Dean replied. The words giving Castiel's arms goosebumps. "You don't have to hide from your desires, Detective."
A loud scream of pain left the detective and with adrenaline coursing through his veins he lifted his foot up and kicked Dean into the stomach, pushing him back and off of him, sending the man tumbling to the ground.
Dick grinned ear to ear. "I'll see you tonight then." He nodded at the workers. "I apologise, I hope to meet with you all another time." As quick as he came in, he was out of the room.
Dean's eyebrows furrowed. "Who, Jack?"
They soon arrived at Castiel's apartment, Dean carrying the detective inside, fishing the house keys out of his pocket to get in. It wasn't like Dean hadn't been here before. He knew the layout of the house well even though he had only been here once or twice. This time he was allowed in- and that simple fact drove him wild. Sure, Castiel didn't specifically say that he was allowed in but he was unconscious and Dean was just going to assume it was okay.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at that. It wasn't the first time he was called an angel but he never in a million years could picture himself as one. "More like a reaper, I guess, if you want a familiar term." He looked down at their hands, noticing that Castiel hadn't let go, their hands together and fingers still intertwined. The way Castiel looked at him too- it was so intense and familiar. He felt like their eyes had met before. It made his mouth feel dry again. "What's your name?"
Dean gave his neck a soft, gentle kiss once he had caught his breath. "You wear those boxers again and I'll have no choice but to fuck you."
"No, just- just go inside." Castiel grabbed his arm to stop him from moving.
Dean's eyes trailed over to the tree stump, an axe stuck in the wood. This tree was often chopped for fire and the axe may have been the only weapon of his that hadn't been used on human flesh. He glanced over to the boy, panicking and unaware. His hand reached out to the stump, gripping the axe's handle firmly, pulling it out of the cracked wood.
Dean cooked them a nice meal rather quickly, soon enough plating them up the food and placing it in front of Castiel. Castiel stared down at the plate before him, what appeared to be a juicy cooked piece of chicken along with fruits and vegetables on the side. Dean himself wasn't a fan of the rabbit food, of course, but he had to appear normal even in the tiniest, seemingly insignificant details. He sat down across from Castiel with a smile on his face. "Dig in."
His heart ached to think about how his brother would feel at the news he was gone, escaped. He already felt like he had been a disappointment to Sam multiple times and now was just another edition. Still, he was thankful for Castiel. He could almost feel the hearts popping around his head. He was so in love. He wanted nothing more than to kiss Castiel's lips, body and his hand trailing down his stomach to his cock. He wanted to squeeze it, feeling him as he hardened in his grip.
"Surely that's a conflict of interest." Bobby shook his head. "Sam- you can't be here."
"Hurry." Castiel huffed.
God he couldn't stand it. Dean trying to act cool like he wasn't wanting to fuck his best friend, pretending to forget his name- it was driving Sam insane.
The ship was large so much so it was rather unrealistic but it was a ship cruising in a literal sea of souls so it wasn't too unrealistic for where it was. It had everything a soul would need for their journey and of course they would make pit stops. The soul of seas had many islands and even though the souls were dead, they still required the things that they did when they were alive.
"Just move, let's go!" Dean turned back around to look at the black hole. The ship went faster and his hopes raised but as soon as they lunged forward, it was pulled back. A large soundless explosion came from The Supermassive. The fencing, the guards and the ship slowly started being sucked in.
Dean was right, Lucifer was indeed batshit but that couldn't be it. There had to be more to the story.
"I want to- I want to do it." Jack nodded, eager to prove himself. "We need it and if...if I can help, I want to help." Perhaps ease his guilty conscious a little while he was at it. "I don't know how to ride a bike though."
Bobby nodded his head. "Yeah- it's a fuckin' kid." The two looked bewildered by it. "Yeah, I was surprised too. Follow me." He started to walk, not even looking back to see if they were following as he continued talking. "We found some DNA on the body- but we couldn't match it to anything, the guy wasn't in our database. Luckily for us, he revisited the crime scene around four in the mornin' today, not sure why though, he won't talk."
"Look- I know. I know you know." Dean spoke as he ate. "I mean, how can't you know? It was a fuckin' set up for me. You've been lying this entire time."
He did like it, probably a bit too much though. He tried his best to focus on the movie but holy shit bee print boxers man. He couldn't stop glancing at him and while he tried not to be obvious, he was. Castiel could feel his stares and it got harder and harder to ignore. He kept his eyes glued on the television, struggling not to look at Dean. His thighs pressed together as he desperately tried to stop himself from getting hard.
"Was it Michael, Jack? Is he your father? You know you can talk to me." Castiel put his hand out. "I know what you've been through. I've been through it myself. If he made you do this, it's not your fault."
Well, that was sure sweet, even if it was a little weird. Dean seemed far too eager to please all the time, he was constantly staying closet to Castiel and talking with him. Castiel just chalked it down to Dean being new. "Oh...uh, thank you, that's very kind of you."
Dean's face paled and heart sunk into his chest. Lucifer- that son of a bitch- he fucking called the cops. Dean slowly put his hands up into the air, getting up off the ground and slowly turning around to face the officer who just so happened to be Bobby.
"Angel! We've heard they have the Angel Killer in custody, is that true?"
"Go to hell, Castiel."
"Watching that crap ain't gonna help ya." Bobby said, putting the remote down and walking closer.
"Can I help you?" A low, somehow familiar voice came from behind him.
Castiel frowned. "I am not sending him out there. If anything, I'm going with him."
Dean withdrew his hand, staring at him in shock. "Did you just-?"
Dean decided that he would stay the night.
It was obvious that the two were freaking out at the thought of being alone together. It would almost be funny to Sam if he already wasn't sick of their shit. "No!" He shook his head. Okay, maybe he said that a bit too bluntly. "I'll have to go straight to the hospital anyway- and Jess will probably not want a lot of people there and Cas you shouldn't have to spend a Friday night there. Really, it's fine." He grabbed his car keys before they could protest and started walking towards the door.
"Oh- right." Kevin cleared his throat.
"I don't need the police. I
Bobby shook his head. "Phone box. People still use 'em, surprisingly."
Once Dean let go of his arm, Jack instantly cowered, afraid of being punished for what he had done.
Dean stepped up, looking at the boy through the window. "That's sick." It made his blood boil. All he could think about was John hurting Sam when he heard that. The boy held himself like Sam did when he was a child. "Would any of your siblings or cousins or whatever be this evil?" He already knew the answer to that though. He knew how bad Michael could be.
The spirit was shakily reaching out to a car Dean had only just noticed on the road. The car had seen better days. It appeared to Dean that the spirit had been in a car accident and was struggling to let go of that, still things were never as simple as they looked.
Dean would make him understand.
He knew who it was.
It felt so good.
Bobby tilted his head. "Dean? Day off."
"Yes. I will."
"None of your family lives here anymore, who knows. They're out making new little Novak's." Bobby shrugged. "Still, to not be on any system- with no trace- whoever this kids parents are, they hid him away from the world, with how he's acting I wouldn't be surprised if he's abused." Hearing that made Castiel's heart break, Dean's too.
"Kind of shitty that your date was interrupted by murder, right, guys?" Charlie leaned against the wall, crossing her arms over her chest.
"Yeah." Dean nodded. "It's not easy to hear." It never got easier telling spirits either.
"Looks like there's more guards than usual." Kevin spoke up, typing away on his monitor as he did so. "Getting insane levels of activity coming from it too- lots of energy. More than usual."
Throughout the night he would watch him sleep, gently touch his skin...the desire was such and intense and terrible feeling.
Castiel arrived at the scene, haven gotten there as quickly as possible when he heard about what happened. "Novak, over here," Bobby called, gesturing the man over as he stood near the taped off area in the public garden.
"Of course, that's not a problem." Dean smiled, not even arguing against it, which definitely surprised Castiel.
Dean stared up at the detective with amazement in his eyes. Of course he trusted him. He trusted him with his life which was ironic, he knew, considering Castiel would gladly hand down life imprisonment if he knew what he was. The plan, though it had frayed off course, was working. This was evidence enough. The corruption was seeping into Castiel's veins. The moment Castiel stepped foot in his cell, he was a fugitive alongside Dean.
The figure had long brown hair. He wore a suit, pressed so finely there wasn't a crinkle in sight. From the look in Bobby's eyes, Castiel knew who this was. "Sam..." Bobby got up from his seat. "What are you doin' here?"
"But..." The boy trailed off, unable to come up with some sort of excuse. He was doubting
There was a good amount of distance between them and the police now considering they were in a car before them and with the way Dean drove they lost sight of each other real quick. They just needed to get to the cabin without anyone seeing them and they would be safe. If it weren't for Jack, they would be all alone in the cabin together. Dean shuddered at the thought of that.
Jack seemed to crack knowing there was people on the side of the window yet them not communicating with him. "I didn't-  I didn't do it!" He said, voice cracking and eyes watering. "I'm so sorry. Please let me go- I'm so sorry." It was clear that there were things the boy wasn't telling them but in his defence he couldn't. He was too scared to. He just felt like curling up into a ball and crying.
Dean didn't find it bad however, hell if anything it was fucking hot. He barely touched the man and he came in his underwear. "What are you, uh...like a virgin or something?" He asked, half joking though he instantly felt bad for asking when he saw the look on the mans face. Castiel didn't need to say anything, the look said it all. "Oh
Dean also just hoped he would wake up.
"Fuck!" Dean screamed, hitting the wall of his apartment in frustration. "Son of a bitch." He paced the room back and forth. He had been racking his brain trying to figure out who the fuck this copycat was. He knew everything about Castiel - so how did he not know who this person could be? Castiel thought that perhaps it was his oldest brother, Michael, and Dean wouldn't be surprised if it was indeed Michael in any other situation. He knew how fucked up the guy was. He knew what he had done to Castiel growing up and it made his blood boil but he
"He has many friends." Jack kicked and swung at his feet as he sat on the couch. "They forged the paperwork."
Dean shook his head. "If this fucking thing blows while we're here-"Dean looked around at everyone in the cockpit. This was the area that everyone sat when controlling the ship. It was pretty similar to how old space movies or TV shows viewed it, like Star Trek. Dean loved watching those ancient shows. It was funny seeing how ancient people viewed the future. Some things weren't too far off. If that thing blew- man, they'd be gone within seconds. All of this. Everything he worked for. "Let's just get past here as quick as possible."
Dean felt like he could crush the gun in his hands. "He's far away now." Lucifer always had a fixation on Sam. The only reason Lucifer helped him with Castiel, or least was going to, was because of Sam. Dean wished he knew that was why back then- but he still managed to keep Sam away from his life. Lucifer and Dean met a long time ago, the man knowing that Dean had a fixation on his brother. Castiel never noticed Dean but Lucifer did. Lucifer didn't do what good brothers would do. He told Dean things, how to get into Castiel's brain, what Michael did and lots of other things.
The detective stared in horror, his face paled and bloodied hand trembling.
Castiel turned to face the boy. "Jack, it's dangerous-"
"Oh- Yes, I've heard about you." Castiel let out a breath before pausing. "Wait, why are you-"
Bobby was right, he knew that, he just wasn't very happy about it.
Dean himself was stunned by the news. No way in hell it was a kid that did that, surely? It didn't make any sense. There had to be someone else- someone using the kid. "How the hell is he related to Cas- Uh- Detective Novak?" He asked, slipping up a little.
Soon enough the two got ready and headed to work.
What Jack said last made Castiel's heart ache. He didn't want to think that these two innocent women had died because of him. "You don't need to protect him, Jack." He said. "Look at you. You've been here for days, do you really think he's going to come for you? He's leaving you here to take the blame and rot in jail. I don't want that for you."
"Definitely not." The detective replied promptly.
Castiel slumped down on the desk. "I'll answer your questions. I don't know what happened. I was home. Next thing I know, I was there. I didn't see or hear who it was but I know it's not Dean. He doesn't have motive."
"No, It's not your fault." Castiel reassured him.
fucking clothes- god, he swore he almost creamed his pants at the mere sight. Jack being here was the only thing that kept him grounded enough to not jump on Castiel and devour him right now. "So- now that you've all eaten, I think it's about time we have a talk." He said.
"I'm willing to forgive you for letting me go down for...what you did." Lucifer nodded. "I'm reasonable after all."
For now, Dean would let him rest. He pulled his hand out of his pants and leaned down, kissing Castiel's forehead gently, as if they were sweet lovers. Dean left the man in his bedroom as he went to clean himself up.
The patrolling officer, along with the officer in the camera room, came rushing to the door. "What the hell you doin'?" One snapped, opening up the door. "You drunk or somethin?"
What a tease.
At least now, Sam wouldn't go hungry.
Castiel quickly turned behind him only to see a man with eyes as green as the grass here in Eden. "And you are?"
Things often went in The Supermassive but never in its history has anything come out.
It just floated there, it's eyes closed and wings beautifully spread out in the vast space. It was ethereal. It made Dean struggle to catch his breath. What a strange feeling.
"You piece of shit." Dean felt like he was backed into a corner but Lucifer didn't matter as much as Castiel did right now. It took him everything he had not to shoot Lucifer right now but he was right. He couldn't let Jack go down and he couldn't risk Castiel figuring everything out. It wasn't supposed to happen yet. "Shit." He kept his gun up and pointed at Lucifer best he could as he ran down to the basement of the building where Lucifer said Castiel would be. He walked down the stairs, hesitant, unsure what he would find when he saw Castiel and he couldn't risk the man seeing his face, though when he peered over the corner he saw that Castiel was bound to a metal pipe, blindfolded and gagged.
Jack looked up to Castiel, a glimmer of hope in his eyes. "And I can stay with you forever?"
"Dean isn't either. He's no killer." Sam shook his head. "He's a protector. He always protected me." Sam couldn't imagine Dean being a ruthless killer. "I know Dean has been a fan of Castiel's too, why would he do that to him? The kid too..."
"Not if I have you to help me. You're smart and...I know nothing about technology." Castiel sat down on the stool near the counter. "They won't even realise that he's missing until they check on the cell. The cameras will be off- then you go and distract the guards. I get in, take Dean out and then we can find Michael and prove his innocence." Yeah, he knew how crazy he sounded but considering everything that's been happening he wasn't exactly in the best state of mind right now. He could feel himself slowly going off the deep end. "I have keys, so it's just a matter of getting in."
it wasn't Michael and there was no way in hell it could be.
Dean could admit Castiel had flaws. Castiel thought he could make Jack into a normal kid. Castiel thought he could change Jack. Castiel wasn't perfect.
Well, he felt like an idiot. "Of course, sorry, what a first day." Castiel nodded, turning back to look at the woman.
Nobody could have him.
"Ah..ah..." Castiel's moans were strained and strangled as Dean pushed deeper and deeper inside of him. It hurt like hell- fuck, what was he thinking? No lube on his first time? Damn it, fuck you horny brain. "It hurts." His eyebrows furrowed.
Castiel didn't know how badly Dean wanted to hold him close, a hand in his hair and the other on his cock, lips against his neck as he chewed and kissed the skin there while jerking the man off. Fuck, he was really going off the deep end. He wouldn't be able to hold himself back if they stayed here, even with Jack.
"If you're going to kill, you'll need to learn how to do it properly." Dean put his hand out. "And for now, we keep this from Castiel, it'll be our little secret."
"Y-Your-" The patrolling officer choked up at that, while the camera room officer looked like he had a lump in his throat preventing him from speaking.
The air was heavy with the stench of sex.
"Yeah, well, I did kind of make it obvious. The house? Wasn't that one of the places you wanted to fuck with my brother?" Lucifer paused. "Or fuck him?"
Blue perked up from his exhaustion when he saw the message come up along with a $500 donation, which came in the form of the website currency 'Halos'.
"Andrea." Benny gestured to the coffee table, which had a few photos of her. "The woman whose photos were here from day one."
Jack shook his head. "No, no- You can't. It just has to be you. Only you."
"Holy shit- He passed out!" Shouted one of the other officers.
"Do you want to play secret agents?" He asked.
There was only one thing he knew for sure.
Bobby shook his head. "No, boy." He held his gun, still aimed at Dean and it broke his heart. He gestured with his head for the other officers to go to Dean, pushing the man onto the ground, putting his hands behind his back and cuffing him.
Charlie put her hands up in mock surrender. "Woah! No, I work here." She took her ID out of her pocket to show them.
There was no doubt in Dean's mind that Lucifer forced Jack to do that. "You're sick."
Dean couldn't help but laugh. "Straight to business?"
"A fucking angel just came out of The Supermassive and you
Michael was a stern man. He became the man of the family when their dad left and as for their mother, Castiel didn't know anything about her really. Michael was the one who knew the most about their parents but he rarely spoke about them. The only thing he ever said was that their dad would come back and he would protect the family while he was gone, but what Michael did wasn't protecting. He ruled over the family with an iron fist. He was highly religious and always forced it onto the family. Eden Gardens one of the places in which Michael would take them and punish them. It was ironic, being put into the Garden of Eden to be punished instead of cast out. Michael wasn't right in the head. Castiel wasn't sure what happened to make him that way, but he knew it had to be bad.
It was hard to wait until he could fuck the man and hear him cry.
The shock and pain was far too much for the detective, Castiel stumbling over onto the floor, not completely passing out but not fully awake and cohesive either.
Dean's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "I'm...dead?" He looked down at his hands then his feet. He could see the water beneath him, beautiful koi fish swimming beneath his feet without a care in the world. How peculiar. "What do you mean home?" He looked back up at the figure, its glowing blue eyes hypnotic.
There was a knock at the door. Castiel knew exactly who it was for he had texted her. He got up from the couch and walked over, opening it up to see the kind red-head, Charlie. "Thank you for coming." He stood back so she had room to walk inside, in which she did.
The boy looked up and over to the mirror, his expression utterly heart-breaking. "Jack."
Along with the words on the card was a photo of Castiel, the first headshot he had taken when he joined the police department.
"Yes, this is a Christian florist, though of course we accept anyone and take any business." Castiel explained. "Just comes with the name."
"Chill out, he's intimidated by you." Charlie laughed as she walked into the office. "Always bulling the new people- Hiya, Dean." She waved.
He would wait though. He had waited this long already- and he was a patient man, at least he thought so.
"New spirit, huh?"
"Interrogation room, but-" Before Bobby could finish, Castiel had already left the room and rushed to go see the kid they were talking about.
Dean had to stop himself from bursting out into laughter at that. "Still, you're risking everything for little old me." He leaned in, their faces so close.
"Jesus..." He rubbed his face in distress. He paused as the smell of something cooking in the kitchen and sounds of clanking plates. He grunted as he got off his bed, walking out of the bedroom and to the kitchen, where he saw Dean was. His eyebrows raised in surprise. "Winchester?"
He was a virgin.
The stars in the vastness of space glistened in the far distance and the ship moved smoothly throughout the emptiness. As they got closer and close to the black hole, it got darker and darker. There were no stars near The Supermassive, no planets either, they had all been sucked in. The only thing near The Supermassive now was large floating fencing with guards surrounding it, ensuring nobody tried to tamper with it. This was something Dean Winchester thought was stupid- who would want to go near that thing? Who could even survive near that thing? There was no 'tampering' with a black hole.
Fuck. He couldn't help himself.
Jack's expression turned broken at the question. "Not here anymore."
"Jack, if you don't tell me if someone made you do this, you're going to be trialed for murder. Lots of people have gone away to jail for far less with far less evidence." Castiel spoke. "You seem like a good kid...I don't want you to have to go through that."
Dean's hands hovered over Castiel's pants, fingers brushing against his belt buckle but before he could undo them and rip them off, he was promptly interrupted.
sent him out there." Castiel whipped around to face Dean, walking over to the man who was carelessly lazing on the couch. He grabbed him by the front of his shirt, pulling him up onto his feet, the man stumbling a bit. "If anything happens to him, it's on you."
"Fine." Castiel let out a breath. "Jack, you are not to do anything else but go in and out of the store, alright? If you're not back within an hour I'm going out looking for you, got it?"
Lucifer had fucked up everything. Lucifer wasn't apart of the plan. Jack most certainly wasn't part of the plan. Now he had a fucking child serial killer to look after. It was safe to say everything was fucked up at the moment.
Dean watched as she laid down, eyebrows raised in amusement. "Good plan." He walked up the stairs to the helm. Although he didn't need to steer, he liked having his hands on the wheel, it reminded him of driving a car. It was different for sure but it itched that scratch. He stared out into the boundless sea and soon enough in the distance he could see an island peaking over the horizon, knowing that was where the soul must be.
Thanks everyone for being patient with my upload schedule, things are hectic sometimes! Things are gonna start to get insane, stay alert! Check out the playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaBekx8yFxt1nY3Q7mnaMjL9fPNEKokh2
The ship stopped being pulled forward. The alarms stopped. It went dead silent.
"It's only maybe fifteen-ten minutes walk- besides I have an old bike out back if he needs it." The two argued back and forth like a married couple.
Bobby almost choked on his coffee in surprise. "Don't like to wait, do ya?"
"What is it?" Dean purred, grinning from ear to ear.
"You're off the road, you know." Castiel rose his eyebrows.
"Hopefully you uh, like it. It's pretty decent." Dean couldn't remember which one he put on but it was a western and westerns were always great and- wait, was he wearing fucking boxers with bees on them? Dean's eyes were practically glued on them. Holy shit, okay, one that was cute as hell and two they were so tight when he sat down he could
"I like that colour too- green also." Castiel gestured for Dean to follow as he made his way to some yellow flowers. "Sunflowers are always a safe bet, and they're lovely too." He picked out a sunflower bouquet that also had little red roses. "How about this?"
"What-" Castiel was baffled by that. Sure, he didn't expect Charlie to be totally against him, she was a notorious hacker before she joined the department after all, but he didn't expect it to be that easy.
The Galactic Government was actually where they were heading to now. It was space's government, to put it simply. There were appointed heads of each major species that came together to decide and agree on rules within space that would mutually benefit every species. They sucked ass. Most of them anyway. Dean's little brother Sam was actually Earths appointed ambassador and fuck, he couldn't be prouder. John had always wanted them both to become warriors. Dean did, of course, he always followed what his father wanted but Sam was more focused on the written sides of battles and wars. He wanted to keep humanity safe without fighting. He was a good kid. Dean was so damn proud. The only good part of checking in with the Galactic Govern was seeing his brother. Politicians sucked ass but Sam didn't- and yeah, Dean was biased, but whatever.
"I thought they couldn't do that because I'm not an adult?" Jack asked, confusion littered all over his face.
"I do what's right, that has nothing to do with my feelings for you." The more Dean talked, the more annoyed Castiel got. He could feel his blood boiling.
Dean's green eyes widened. "Son of a bitch-" The grip on the gun tightened. "Lucifer? You're supposed to be in fucking jail-"
Another silent explosion came and out of The Supermassive, shot out a being with large gorgeous white wings.
Novak." The Novak's were a hugely religious prominent family in the area, owners of many churches. They were loaded. "Guess it makes sense...churches, funerals, weddings- crap tons of flowers."
"All set." Charlie grinned, attaching the travel permit to one of the front windows so the guards could see.
The crew came rushing over, Charlie, Kevin and Eileen, who was the ships nurse and had been in the infirmary at the time of The Supermassive Incident.
"Annoying Castiel again, huh, Dean?" Jody asked as she approached the two. "Leave the guy alone."
"Gotcha. Ships already on the move, huh?" Charlie smiled, looking over to the wheel. Dean never did have to steer it. The amulet and his brain was connected and the amulet drove the ship. Even if Dean didn't know where the island was exactly, the amulet did.
Eileen shrugged. "We're going to the Galactic Govern and that's probably the place we would've had to take him anyway. He came out of The Supermassive after all." Dean couldn't deny that was a good point. This was a matter for the Galactic Govern. They'd be handling two problems in one trip. "We'll keep him here until we get there."
Charlie let out a lengthy sigh before smiling. "Alright." She picked up her bag from the kitchen counter. "Let's go then."
"The hell-?" Bobby didn't look too pleased as he approached. "Dean, you ain't supposed to come up and see it."
"I'm afraid it is." Bobby let out a lengthy sigh. They had taken Castiel from the building after securing Dean and tended to his wounds, now Bobby was driving him home though Castiel insisted on going to the station to interrogate Dean, however he couldn't considering he was the victim. It was safe to say Castiel wasn't very happy when he heard that. "Look- we got an anonymous call sayin' they heard screams and we went to investigate. I was just as shocked as you are."
What could he possibly be doing?
The detective didn't look too happy. He gave Sam a look that said 'contact me' before leaving the office. Sam couldn't help but chuckle at Castiel. He was definitely odd. He could see why so many people respected him though. He got the job done, even if he was a little intense...okay, more than a little. "Serious, isn't he? I guess the stories are true." Sam smiled, closing the door behind Castiel.
Soon enough the blue eyed boy came back downstairs and the two were sat on the couch, a big distance between them as Dean started up the movie.
"Yeah..." Dean licked his lips, removing his fingers once he figured the man was prepared enough. He grabbed Castiel's legs, lifting them up and putting them on his shoulders as he got into position, the tip of his cock teasingly brushing against Castiel's hole. "You sure you're ready?"
"Who knows." Eileen's eyes trailed over to the creature.
Castiel felt his blood boiling. "Look- get out of my way-" And suddenly it clicked.
Castiel watched the boy for a moment before going back to the bedroom, rummaging through the closets and grabbing a shirt and pants. He figured Dean wouldn't mind too much if he borrowed his clothes. He hopped into the shower.
"Ah-Aah-!" Castiel's back arched, jaw dropped and hands grabbed aimlessly at the couch for something to hold on to before one hand decided on Dean's head, gripping and tugging at his hair. Each tug sent sparks throughout his body. "F-Fuck!"
Bobby didn't want to let them talk because of that very fact, but the man had a point. "I don't know if that's something you should tell him." He seemed conflicted. "It can make or break the case. It might make him talk, sure, but it might make him not want to talk more."
Charlie smiled charmingly at them. "Ah...it's a little embarrassing to tell you boys." It made her sick flirting with men but hey, it got the trick done, they were so easy sometimes. If only they knew she swung the opposite way. "I kind of...forgot my..." She paused to think. What would men like? "Bra."
"You know the old saying, right? The perfect man is the one that busts you out of jail." Dean snickered.
"I was doing some research to try and figure out who the Angel Killer is- since they are infatuated with you and we found that DNA, I wanted to see if it matched yours in any way, try to figure out if it could be someone from your family. No offence." Everyone knew the Novak's were a bit...wacko, to say the least. "It was just a test, didn't think it would actually lead to anything." Of course, they had plenty of DNA evidence of Castiel's on his desk. "We used the apple on your desk." The man had only taken a few bites.
Dean only took two steps forward at that, so close their chests were pressed together. "We aren't going anywhere for awhile, you might as well try to relax and enjoy your time here, detective." He grinned.
Jack jolted at the noise, looking up at Dean, his eyes watery and face red.
"Look- I know it don't make any sense- but Jack ain't gonna stay in custody for any longer. We legally can't keep him. He'll go to a children's home until we can locate a family member and the investigations over."
Maybe he could...just do a little something.
Dean too was eager, so he listened. "I'll break you if I go in completely raw." He brought three fingers up to Castiel's lips. "Open." The man wordlessly obeyed. He pushed his fingers into his mouth. "Suck." Castiel wasted no time in sucking and licking on his fingers, groaning softly against them. His hazy blue eyes stayed open the entire time, just staring at Dean longingly and without shame.
"Yeah- uh, well..." Dean went silent for a moment. "Anyway, thanks." He nodded at Castiel. "See ya." He turned his back, beginning his walk away. It didn't take long before Castiel was already speaking with another customer. That low, sexy voice...it reminded him a little of Blues. What if-? Dean looked back at the man then away. Nah, no way in hell. Dude looked like he'd think holding hands was too erotic and thus a sin.
more. "Fuckkk...harder,"
He made his way down to the ships quarters. Inside the ship there were many rooms, which reminded Dean of a cruise ship when he first got here though he had never been lucky enough to go on one. The insides of each room always changed depending on the soul living there, it was quite amazing. He stood outside Benny's door, letting out a breath before he knocked. "Benny?" There was no answer though after a few moments the door unlocked. Dean took hold of the doorknob and opened the door. Inside was what appeared to be a nice cosy cabin. It opened right up to the living room, where Benny was sitting on a chair near the window, beer in hand as he looked out at the scenery. "Benny...hey man." He walked over, sitting across from him.
"Good job, Jack." Castiel smiled sheepishly. The boy was adorable, that's for sure. He wished that Jack could have a normal life though, the kid would be fucked up over his situation for a long time.
"He put me away because of your mistake. I didn't kill my followers, Dean." Lucifer hummed. "You did. I think he deserves to be fucked up. You'll get your turn soon enough."
"He seems okay so far." She said, turning to look at Dean. "I will have to keep watch of him."
"The love of my life." Benny took another swig of his beer, finishing it. "That's all I can remember but- but I swear each second I remember more and more."
Fuck, those wings were even more large in person. More beautiful too. The white feathers...gorgeous.
Castiel's face paled at that, staring at Kevin in shock to the information. He didn't even know how to respond to that. "...what?"
Oh my fucking god.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek. "Likewise." He shook his hand though didn't get up from his seat.
Dean shook his head. "I know who killed me and everything before that, so you'd think that'd be everything." He paused. "I still think that I'm missing things though."
God...he missed Sam. He wondered how he was going, if he was that big shot lawyer he always wanted to be.
"Soon enough it will break that Lucifer is out of jail unlawfully and we can figure out a way to clear your name, Dean." Castiel nodded, then turning his attention to Jack. "And I don't think we'll have a problem clearing you. You've been abused and forced to do these things. We'll put him behind bars and you will be safe."
It was so quiet without Dean there, even with the television on. Castiel grabbed the remote and flicked it off, able to hear the sound of the sink running in the bathroom now. He stood there for a moment, eyes lingering on the bloodied handle of the bag.
Dean raised his eyebrows in amusement. "Sorry, Detective, everyone saw." He snickered, watching the man grumble. "Don't feel embarrassed- hell, I would've passed out too. A sick serial killer targeting you? Killing in your name? I can't even begin to imagine how that feels. Shit only really happens in TV shows and books."
be nice." Dean corrected. "Come on, let's go."
"Detective. Out here." Came Bobby's voice from the speakers.
Castiel moved one of his legs around Dean's hips, pulling him impossibly closer. "Cum inside me."
"Cas- you're kidding!" Dean shook his head. He cleared his throat. "Er- I mean Detective," He smirked at the man who just squinted at him in return. "I'm definitely teaching you while we're out here."
"Hey, hey- Calm down- shit- how the hell are you alive?" Dean put his hands on the mans arms. "What happened? Where did you come from?"
Dean moved off him after a moment, impatiently taking off Castiel's shirt and then his own before unbuckling his jeans. He didn't know how far Castiel was willing to go but they were going to have the time of their life either way.
When they got there, things appeared to be in chaos and reporters were already outside the station. Jesus, they were like pests. The moment one reporter saw the two get out of the car, they were all onto them. "Angel!" They shouted, rushing towards Castiel, practically ignoring Dean.
One of the examiners picked the card up off the ground, opening it up. "I miss you." They read from the card before holding it up for Castiel to see, a photo of the man in the card again, except it was one of him when he was younger, his ten year old school photo to be exact.
Dean took another bite. "What's his plan next, huh?" He watched as the boy got increasingly nervous by the second. "He have anything else up his sleeve?"
"You ain't a detective, boy." Bobby shook his head.
A lengthy sigh left his lips.
"Holy shit. It
Charlie shook her head. "Having a kid being your get away driver..."
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
It made Dean sick to read. So many horny men watching his angel. So many men that would fuck him the first chance they got. Dean's blood boiled at the thought.
Jack trembled at the question. He looked at Dean like he was the personification of judgement, terrified of the shame he would feel upon his confession. His scared eyes darted back over to the disoriented Castiel, still on the floor, blood on his neck. He felt so overwhelmed. He could feel the acid in his stomach bubbling. "I- I didn't know what to do, I-" His breathing became unsteady.
"The press said they heard we have the killer in custody?" Dean changed the subject.
Dean grimaced. He hated seeing that type of expression on Bobby, shock filled with disappointment. "Bobby, I..."
"Mnn..." Castiel bit his lip, closing his eyes for a moment before opening them again. "Keep moving- I want to feel good." He was impatient, he wanted to get over the pain fast. He only wanted to feel the pleasure.
Castiel's body against his. His cock hardening at Dean's touch...fuck, it was like a dream. It was something he had dreamt of for so long. He couldn't believe that this was actually happening. He couldn't believe that he finally had him here.
Castiel let out a shaky breath, looking over to the window and watching the boy stare at it. He knew he couldn't see them, but it still felt like he was staring at them, into their soul. "How is it possible that I have a family member that I've never heard of?" He asked.
Dean understood it all now.
Castiel looked at him as if it was obvious before pointing to his neck. "What, you think I'm just going to forget about that?"
Sure, he liked Dean, perhaps even had an attraction to the man he was trying to suppress but...well, he didn't know how to finish that thought.
Dean watched him, as conflicted as he always was. On one hand he wanted to kill and eat the man, but on the other hand he wanted to fuck him and love him in the most unconventional way. He shivered when he imagined how powerful they could be if they did this together, killing and eating people, those who deserved it. Sure, Dean might be a fucked up cannibal serial killer but he had standards, he would never kill an innocent. He wasn't like his father. He and Castiel were alike in his eyes. They both took down the scum of the earth, they just did it in different ways but that was okay because Castiel would be like him soon enough, they just had to wait. As much as he wanted to grab the man, bend him over the table and fuck him hard, he couldn't, not yet.
Dean almost fucking choked on his non-existent drink. "Fuck, Cas...you sure?"
"Detective Novak, you'll want to see this." The examiner called.
Jack still looked unsure but he did his best to try and relax, although he wasn't doing very well at that. "I'm sorry- I panicked. I'm so sorry- I thought I was protecting us." Jack rambled on about how sorry he was, how he did it because he thought they were in danger, that they would recognise Jack and everything would go wrong.
The opposite to Castiel, who was incredibly pissed off. He hated this but he didn't protest it as much as he would if he truly did. Dean was right. It was safer if Jack went and did this. He didn't exactly have a plan of where they would go from here. He was just waiting for the news to show that Lucifer had forged paperwork and escaped. That was the only thing that could clear any of them. Truthfully he was starting to think that this whole thing was a mistake.
He broke Dean out because that was the right thing to do. Right?
Dean breathed heavily. His heart raced so fast in his chest. He struggled, feeling suffocated. Still pressed against the glass, his eyes were glued on the Black Hole. Any remaining guards outside looked around, baffled and confused.
Castiel was a strange guy, there was no question about it. He was rather straight forward, didn't seem to properly understand social cues and didn't show much emotion on his face and yeah Dean knew he was biased at this point but he loved it about him.
that you don't."
If Jack was an adult, he wouldn't be allowed out of the station period. He was lucky that he was just a kid.
It took everything in him not to just rip Castiel's clothes off and fuck him silly, hear his muffled screams.
"Nobody in your family makes sense, boy." Bobby crossed his arms over his chest. "You're sure that boy is Michaels?"
"Let me ask you a question." Castiel closed the door and walked over to her. "Do you think Dean did this?"
"Mr. Winchester?"
As Castiel left to get ready, Dean resisted the urge to get up and peek at the man as he showered. He couldn't afford to risk things again, not like he did last night, but fuck it was hot jerking himself off while Castiel was asleep, blissfully unaware of the situation.
"Don't cry, Castiel."
"Aren't you?"
Sam smiled sadly at him. "I'm Dean's lawyer."
"Faster, please!" Castiel's face was flushed red. His entire body was sweaty. He wanted more. He
Well...while it was strange, it was still nice. Dean could be rather sweet. "I see...well, thank you." He sat down near the dining table, pulling the plate closer to him. He wasn't going to turn his nose up at breakfast. Two cooked meals in a row? Yes please. "Please tell me nobody saw me pass out."
At least he felt good enough to smile.
"Please."
Castiel rolled his eyes at the man. "No thank you."
Part of him was scared of himself after that bite, what Castiel did to him was inhuman.
"Am I?" The figure tilted his head and smiled wide at that, walking out from the darkness.
Dean's face dropped. That little shit. He knew? Fuck, of course he knew. Fuck sake. God damn it. Son of a bitch.
"Desk. Go."
"I'm the best person for him."
"Can I help cook?" Castiel asked.
It electrified his veins.
Bobby didn't look amused at that. "Shut it, idjit. Get out and get rest. We'll have you in for questioning tomorrow."
"Oh shit..." Dean frowned.
"That he is." Dean smiled sheepishly. "Anyway, thought I'd come let you know we should be stopping soon."
That is if Michael didn't die of starvation or dehydration in the house basement.
Although he was angry, Dean couldn't help but feel guilty when he saw Jack like that. "Jesus, kid...I'm not going to hit you, so chill."
"So...we're all alone, huh?" The man said, the smile on his lips more daunting by the second.
Whatever it was, this guy had the answers.
Castiel rose his eyebrows and nodded. Wouldn't be the first time a boyfriend came in to get something last minute for their girlfriend. "Alright, a date then." He said. "Does she have a favourite colour?"
"I'm down for a little adventure." She grinned. "The kid and Dean should have a talk anyway- he can clear him."
"What?"
The moment Dean got that message, his heart sunk, his blood boiled, his pupils dilated and his hands clenched into a fist. The copycat didn't give a shit about plans. The way they did things was chaotic, taunting Dean with that vague letter and sending this text. They were impatient in the way they did things- they were nothing like Dean. Castiel didn't deserve a shitty, quick, cat and mouse game like this. Castiel deserved better. Castiel deserved the chase.
The detective let out a lengthy sigh as he got up from his chair. "You seem like a good boy. Don't protect someone who sent you into the lions den."  Whoever sent Jack back to that crime scene definitely did it on purpose- but what for? Nothing made any sense anymore. He turned around and left the room like he was told to, even though doing so made him feel like shit.
"I suppose so." Castiel walked over to the second bedroom door, peering in to see Jack fast asleep still. Poor boy. He closed the door before turning back to Dean, walking over to the man. "I think it's time we talk."
"I'm going to go in and talk to him." Castiel turned to Bobby. "Please let me, maybe he'll talk to me because we're related."
Sam of course wasn't an idiot. He knew how much his brother liked Castiel. It was so fucking obvious and well- he knew Castiel liked him too. Castiel was conservative usually, he wasn't even sure if the man had even had sex before, but when it came to Dean he practically was undressing him with his eyes every time they saw each other and fuck it was the worst thing to see. He almost stopped inviting Castiel because he just couldn't fucking stand it.
"I'm a family member. I'll take him." Castiel quickly chimed in. Jack could surely explain things- he just needed to talk to him.
Yeah, okay, yes, only stupid cops did things like this but Castiel couldn't help himself.
"I don't care what Sam thinks." Besides, it was obvious he approved if anything, but despite being a psych major Castiel couldn't read people well.
He's just a kid.
"A restaurant?"
It was obvious to anyone that Dean seemed to like Castiel. They had no idea just how much he liked him though.
He's just a kid.
Hearing that made Castiel feel uneasy. It was most definitely some sort of trap- but why would the boy lure him in now? "Why me?"
Speaking of complete wastes of time though, Dean's phone beeped, a text from Lisa Braeden. She was some woman that John kept setting him up with. They weren't really dating...but it was a weird sort of relationship. Lisa wasn't incredibly rich but her family owned land that John was interested in acquiring.
Charlie snickered. "Like a dad already."
The spirit shook and muttered things he didn't understand still before laying down on the deck, the darkness moulding into a humanoid figure and finally a person.
Castiel just stared at him. He didn't know how to react to that. Did he seriously just ask him out on a date? Was it even a date or a...co-worker outing? While Castiel was gay and interested in relationships at some point, he wasn't used to them still. He was always far too involved in his work, like the classic detective was in every single cliched crime movie. He didn't have a wife he was ignoring at least. The only thing he had waiting for him at home was his guinea pig. "I...uh..." He could interrogate the worlds most hardened criminals but being asked out for dinner left him speechless. How could anyone be this forward? It wasn't normal.
Jack swallowed hard, looking nervous. "I know."
Dean stopped once he was fully inside. "I know." He leaned down, pecking his lips. "It gets better." He wrapped his hand around Castiel's cock, jerking him off slowly so all pain wouldn't be the only thing he was feeling.
"That doesn't make any sense. A kid?" Castiel asked.
Fuck, Sam.
The car managed to get to the station, hiding around the corner from the stationed guards. Jack had managed to park it, even if it wasn't the best parking job in the world. "I don't think I'm very good at this." Jack let out a nervous breath.
He hadn't ever tried to eat someone just like that- no preparation or anything. It was like he was a hungry lion and Castiel was a delicious zebra.
God, she was good.
He pulled up to the café and just sat there in his seat for a moment before taking his phone out. He couldn't help himself. He had to see him before going in there and pretending to be a normal guy who liked girls like normal guys do. He went onto Angel Radio's website and clicked on Blue's profile.
"Kill me, sure, but you do that and you'll definitely let Jack end up in prison. What are you going to do? Admit that we used to be partners? That I captured my brother, for you? How will you possibly twist it so you come out not suspicious?" Lucifer mused. "Go ahead. Kill me. Go down and save Castiel, he'll see what you are, your plan will be over."
All he wanted to do was say no, but he knew John would be on his ass if he did, so he gritted his teeth, replied yes, and left the office to his car only for his phone to beep again. John.
"I'd appreciate it if you two would go elsewhere so I could work." Castiel gestured at the two of them to leave.
"That ain't it." Bobby said. "Kevin-"
He was getting hard from looks alone. Jesus. Yeah, he was a virgin but he didn't know he was
Castiel could barely speak but managed to mumble out. "I have...multiple pairs."
"I'm not the bad guy here, Cas."
Dean looked over to his little brother, eyebrows raised at the sudden outburst. "What's up?"
The boy was silent, looking down at the ground and not touching his food. It was all overwhelming and Dean's questioning was making him incredibly nervous. Lucifer never told him how to deal with this. "I...I don't know." He spoke softly. "I don't know." Dean let out a lengthy sigh. The kid was useless when it came to info. The kid himself didn't even seem to know what he knew and what he didn't. Useless- but he was a kid. He shook his head. "Don't tell Castiel...please."
It was always fulfilling to do this yet he never truly felt fulfilled. He knew one day it would be his turn at the door - he just didn't know when.
Bobby let out a lengthy sigh at that. Sure, Dean was right, but that didn't mean he was happy. Dean and Sam had already seen far too much because of what happened to Mary. Bobby always thought it was John that did it. He didn't know where the man went but he was glad he left so he could take Dean and Sam in. John was probably dead in a ditch somewhere after drinking himself to death. "Idjit." The insult only made Dean smile.
Fuck, why was he shaking?
The boy stared at Dean, eyes wide and full of vunerablity. The boy always followed orders from adults, it was ingrained in his brain at this point. He was told they knew best, and that sometimes you had to kill people for the greater good. Jack was an oblivious kid, but he wasn't stupid, he knew that Dean himself was a bad guy, he knew that well from Lucifer, but the lesser evil has always been the better choice. "Okay, Dean..." He swallowed thickly, shaky hand reaching out for his.
"Fucking Michael. I'm always compared to him." A gruff voice came from the back but before Castiel could turn around and see just who it was, he was hit in the back of the head, knocked unconscious not only by that but by his head hitting the cold concrete as he fell.
"He's alive too, I have no idea how." Dean shook his head, rubbing his forehead. "He tried talking to me but it wasn't in any language I understand."
Just like that, he bit the forbidden fruit.
"We're not sure." Kevin shrugged. "We just know that they're in the same family."
Charlie was still doing her act, of course, he could hear it from here, the fake flirting with the guards. She truly was a trooper. Castiel wasn't sure if he could even fake flirting with women, he was terrible at it, even with men and he was gay for god sake. No doubt those very guards would pine for her after this. Maybe he owed her a little more than a dinner for thanks.
"I didn't look at him weird!" The little blue eyed boy cried, because of course he didn't, but Michael saw what Michael wanted to see.
As if on cue, the Dick himself came in, an irritating fake smile on his lips. "I'm so sorry for my tardiness." He said, walking up to Dean. "You must be Dean," He stretched out his hand. "It's nice to finally meet you, I've heard a lot about you from John."
Castiel's heart broke for Jack. "I know." He paused. "You were trying to help me, weren't you?" He glanced up in the mirror, Jack nodding. "We'll make sure Dean gets his name cleared." He let out a breath, pausing for a moment. He couldn't really do anything. He needed to talk to Dean. He didn't expect Jack to explain anything. "Jack...how would you like to help me with something?"
"I don't believe any of them are The Angel Killer. The only reason you could hold Jack for so long was because he didn't have a lawyer or parent and you still couldn't get him to confess. I was told he was pretty shaken- seems the type that would break being interrogated for so long."  Sam spoke. "The call you got, anyway you can trace it?"
Shit. Dean was quick to look away. "Sorry uh- just looking at the design."
Dean's head tilted to the side, a shit-eating grin on his lips. "So you do have feelings for me?"
Castiel went silent for a moment as he took the information in. Everything was so hazy. He couldn't even remember how he died. "You said you're my guide- are you some sort of Angel?"
"What are you doing?" Castiel took a step back.
Dean wasn't surprised when Castiel came almost instantly, he was more surprised that he hadn't cum the moment he had his hand on his cock. He was getting better- but Dean still had a lot to teach him. He'd take one for the team and have multiple sessions with Castiel if he had to. Yeah, he was pretty selfless. He swallowed every drop of Castiel's cum before pulling off his cock with a pop, licking around his lips.
"I told you it gets better." Dean licked over his lips, one hand on Castiel's hip and the other on his cock, still jerking him off as he fucked him. Castiel's legs lazily laid on his shoulders though one was half off at this point.
The blue eyed man approached the situation in the middle of the garden, slowing to a stop once what happened was in full view.
Castiel opened the glove compartment, taking out gloves ironically enough. "So you get some practice in before you drive us away."
"Can we get a comment for the papers?"
"You should be."
"Castiel." Bobby interrupted. "That ain't how it works." He swore any cop in this situation always forgot what the rules were and thought that it didn't apply to them because of their position.
Just. A. Kid.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, looking at her like it was obvious. "So I can get Dean out."
"I...don't know." Castiel confessed. "I didn't exactly plan on getting caught."
"Come on, Detective-" Dean stepped closer but the Detective only stepped back, a few times actually, even though he was the first one to invade the mans personal space.
"I was out cold." Jack rubbed the back of his neck as he yawned. "Where are we?"
Jack nodded his head. "I know. I'll be safe, I promise."
Castiel lost track of the many attempts he had to try and talk to Jack, get the information out of him. It only made the boy more and more distressed each time but he wasn't about to give up on the boy. He saw a lot of himself in him.
Shit. He looked so beautiful like that.
He got into his car and made his way to lunch with Lisa.
"My thinking exactly." Castiel turned his head to the hallway, "Jack!" The boy came down the hallway and out to the two of them sheepishly, looking like a deer in headlights. "I'm going to teach you how to drive."
"And if they
"Ah-Ah, Sir..."
[OFFLINE]
Castiel shrugged. "It's my only guess. I can't see any of my siblings having a child- but Michael is the only one screwed up enough to do something like this." In fact it was probably what Michael wanted Castiel to do- Michael wasn't exactly pleased when he heard about Castiel's dreams of joining the police force. "And Jack did say
Jack shook his head. "I haven't, I-"
Or was it nothing?
Castiel couldn't help but feel guilty for the new recruit. He himself didn't see anything nearly as bad as this until a few months in when he first started but maybe it wouldn't bother him as much. He knew about what happened to Dean and his brother, having learned it both from Bobby and growing up in town. Dean was a few years older than him so they never interacted as children, in fact he wouldn't have known the man existed if he didn't hear about what happened to Mary. It was cruel what happened to her. He heard Dean was the one who found her like that.
Dean scrunched up the letter in his hand, closing the front door and kicking it in frustration. His heart was racing in his chest. He hadn't ever been so scared of being caught before and it was probably because he hadn't even been close to Castiel yet, but now? Fuck, now he was so close he could taste him already and god did he want to taste him. He felt like a hungry, horny animal around the detective. He was shocked that he hadn't pounced on him and ripped his throat out already.
The boy looked over to the bags then back to Castiel, relaxing a little, similiar to how Dean was mere moments ago. "No, I got them."
Dean eyed the man for a moment before looking over to the woman. "Yeah, I expected a shit ton of paperwork and maybe giving a few fines, nothing like this. Bobby was taking me on patrol earlier and we stumbled upon it."
They needed evidence, right? Well they couldn't find it in his stomach.
"Novak, can you tell us what happened? A comment for the papers?"
"I find that hard to believe." Dean spat out. "Castiel would know-"
Dean's eyes widened. Fuck. "Blue-" He started furiously stroking his cock along with the man, wishing and pretending that he was there with him. Wishing it was Blue's hand on his cock right now. "Fuck..."
The ship rocked, people falling off their feet and to the ground. Dean slammed against the glass, groaning softly. His eyes squeezed closed for a moment before snapping open, staring at The Supermassive, watching the light pour out. It was beautiful in a horrifying way.
The life he had always dreamed of with Castiel was slowly becoming a reality.
He would corrupt the angel.
"I don't know, Cas-"
Once back in the hatch, he closed the door and opened the one to the ship. "Son of a bitch," He grunted as he dragged the angel inside, shutting the door behind them. He just let the man flop onto the ground before throwing his helmet off, letting out a huge breath. "You're heavy."
Jack looked down at the hand then back up at him, wary, though he took his hand anyway, which made Castiel's heart soar. Okay, maybe he did kind of want a kid.
Dean snapped out of his daydream, looking over to the woman across from him. "Yes?"
"I've got an idea." Castiel nodded, eyes narrowing. "We're going to get Dean out."
"He did have a lot of wine before we came here." Dean said. "Look, I'll take him home, I'll make sure he's fine."
Dean's eyes widened.
"Because he misses you."
Dean shook his head. "I'm here to guide you to the light or the darkness." Heaven or hell, simply put.
It was nice seeing Sam as the big shot lawyer he always wanted to be, it really was but Bobby always hated dealing with lawyers. Criminal lawyers were a special type of demon. He knew Sam was only looking out for his big brother though. He wasn't surprised that the news had already broke. Dean most likely used his phone call to phone Sam. "We don't need a lot of evidence if he's found at the scene, Sam."
"I'll take him." Dean insisted, eyes narrowing threateningly at the examiner. He bend down, slipping his arms under Castiel and picking him up bridal style. He was practically shaking with rage at this point. Whoever this guy was, he was going to pay for doing this, for copying his plan. The idea of another person being as obsessed with Castiel as he was made him feel like he was going to burst a blood vessel.
"It is." Castiel nodded, finishing the wine off quickly and holding his glass out for Dean to refill, which he happily did. The man took sips of his wine while he ate. Dean knew how to cook, he'd give him that.
They'd take him to the Galactic Govern. Dean hoped Sam would have answers. He was always the smart one out of the two.
There were many rumours of what was inside that thing. People thought it was alternate worlds or that it was just some big ass portal that flung you to a sector of space not yet explored. Dean thought it was just nothing- a black darkness that you're stuck in for eternity if it doesn't kill you on the spot.
Nobody needed to tell him shit, Dean thought.
Castiel was
"What- I'm not annoying him, am I, Detective?" Dean turned to Castiel.
Blue let out a heavy sigh, sitting back up after a moment, eyes teary and exhausted. "Mm... I think that's a good way to finish off. Thank you, Sir. W. I always look forward to seeing you on my streams." Dean's heart fluttered. "I think that's it for the night- thank you everyone...I hope I could ease your work stress. Enjoy the weekend, I'll be waiting."
"A stranger you burst out of jail and risked your career for." Dean pointed out.
Castiel's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Oh." Looking at Dean he never would've expected the man to enjoy cooking. He just looked like the tough brute type, one of those manly men. He also never would've guessed that Dean was into men- if this was a date, that is. The man probably just meant it as a dinner between co-workers, friends or whatever they were. "A home cooked meal, that might be nice."
"He hates you for not being his friend? Hates you enough to frame you?" Castiel rose his eyebrows. He wasn't believing it for a second.
Castiel didn't need to know- at least not right now.
"We've gone past here a thousand times now but it never gets any better." Charlie hummed, plopping back down on her seat.
Lonely nights in the University dorms the only thing that kept him company was a box of tissues, his own hand and the thought of Dean.
The crew screamed and scrambled to try and move the ship forward but there was no escaping the grasp of The Supermassive.
Dean gritted his teeth. "Shut the hell up."
He laid the man down onto his bed. He looked so peaceful like this, like he was just sleeping.
"He's still in jail." Castiel interrupted. "...you know I don't like talking about that."
Sam chuckled at that. He missed Bobby dearly. He considered him his true father, not John. "It's going to be easy to convince the jury that there are suspicious circumstances, you know, this can be drawn out for years. I've seen cases with more evidence go for longer."
"You forget we're the same, Dean."
"For you, figured you'd need it." Dean put the coffee down. "Also, something healthy." He put the apple down next to it.
Usually Castiel would've stayed at work until he couldn't anymore but tonight wasn't the usual night. He finished packing his desk up, grabbing some files to take home and look over once he was done with dinner, slipping them into his side bag. "Hey, ready to go? I'm driving." Dean said, popping his head into his office.
want to go up and poke it?" Dean gave Charlie a weird look before passing by her, walking out of the cockpit and slipping on a suit and helmet.
The kid started to hyperventilate, squating on the ground, head bowed and arms over it.
"You're...going to break him out? That's insane." Charlie looked baffled. "You'll go to jail for that."
"There's really no avoiding this thing when we go this route," Dean groaned. "Not unless we wanna take a year to get there." He slumped down on his captain chair. "Make sure we got our permit up, Charlie."
"Or what?" Castiel tilted his head.
Jack's eyebrows furrowed in worry. "I'm sorry, Dean."
"Because I'm sure." Castiel looked up at him, determined to show him that he wasn't phased. "It doesn't make sense for it to be you, plus I don't think you have it in you to do those things, no offence."
"It's the name of an angel." Castiel nodded. "Anyway, who are you getting flowers for, perhaps I can help?"
"No, I like it."
an angel." Charlie stared in disbelief.
Just like that, he bit the apple.
Dean frowned at the accusation. "We need food, damnit. You know we do!"
Well, he was, technically, but he didn't have to like it.
He could only dream of having another man fucking him. It wasn't something that could ever happen though. It was far too risky- so he would be content with this. It was enough...for now.
"Nothing will happen to him!" Dean couldn't deny he was enjoying being shouted at though. Castiel was just so fucking hot when he was angry. "Let go of me."
"I have friends in high places, Dean, lots of people who think what I did - what I do - is good. They helped me out. They're bound to figure it out soon that the papers were forged but hey- all I needed was a few days."  Lucifer took a step closer. "I got out and- man, I admire your handy work, I had to try it out for myself. Those mind games you're doing with him, fuck, I love it. You must really hate him, don't you?"
Bobby rose his eyebrows at that. Castiel was always a big pain in the ass. He was good at his job, sure, but a pain nonetheless. "You're on leave for a few days, got it? I don't want to see you near this place." He spoke up again as he saw Castiel about to protest. "That's final."
"Do you think he'll wake up?" Dean looked over to the sleeping angel. Damn, he was beautiful.
He made his way over to Bobby's office, shamelessly walking in. "Let's get this over with."
He helped the figure up, it was much smaller than him. He knew once they got onto the ship and the spirit accepted the fact that it was dead it would take form of its body again. He stayed slightly leaned down on his side as he walked with the spirit out of the city and back through the forest due to the difference in size. As they got closer to the ship, the shape of the spirit moved like it was moulding itself and soon enough they were on the ship, Dean gently letting go of the spirit once they were there.
'BLUE'
"Richard Roman." One of the other workers chimed in.
He was supposed to be the one driving down Castiel's sanity.
Lucifer lived up to his name. The man went insane a few years back, gained a cult following that was satanic and cruel. His followers killed for him and the ones still alive today were in prison, if they didn't get killed or manage to get away. When Dean realised things were getting too crazy and he didn't need Lucifer for his plan for Castiel anymore, he killed four of Lucifer's followers and if it weren't for the police showing up, he would've killed Lucifer too.
"Don't tell me to calm down.
Dean shrugged his shoulders. "Just a little get away home, I guess." It wasn't exactly a lie. Killing was his get away from life. "I have food and water here, it should last us a few days, though it's mostly just enough for one person we'll have to make do." He took a few steps closer to Castiel. "Can't believe you broke me out."
"Ah, ah." Dean stilled his hand. "You gotta learn to hold it back."
"Haa- Fuck-" Dean grunted, trying hard to hold back his noises as he came suddenly, spilling his seed all over his hand.
"Calm down, he's going to be back any minute now and he'll be fine. It's a big trip back and forth- and he probably has a lot to carry, it's slowing him down." Dean tried to reason with the detective.
There was that tension again.
Bobby's face dropped. "Dean?"
Castiel had liked men for as long as he knew- though he had never had a boyfriend. Closest he had gotten to one was kissing another boy in high school, who he promptly ignored after in fear of going to hell.
"You might not trust me but you feel something towards me- I can see it, Cas, I know you struggle with it." Dean breathed out. He leaned in, face against Castiel's neck. He could feel himself quickly becoming hard. He couldn't think properly right now. He couldn't think of the repercussions. All he could think about right now was the flesh brushing against his lips. "That's what's making you angry. You want to fuck someone you don't trust." His teeth grazed against the skin on the detectives neck, hearing him gasp and shudder.
Muffled shouts of his name hit Dean's hears but all he could focus on was The Supermassive.
Castiel Novak was the up and coming superstar in the police department. He was an angel, in fact that was the nickname the public had given him. Dean had been watching him for a few years now as he made his way up to his detective rank. He was what the police should be, he actually got shit done and made sure people like John were locked away. The only downside was that he was restricted with what he could do by legalities because of his position. It sent shivers down Dean's spine to think about what Castiel could do if he was like him. Castiel was the only man that would ever be able to understand him. Even Sam didn't know about Dean's desires, the boy had been at school when Dean decided to take the law into his own hands with John. Sam was grown now, a successful lawyer, yet another good egg in the system. Uncle Bobby made his way to chief of police but it was far after John had killed Mary and 'disappeared' a few years later. It needed more people like Sam, Bobby and Castiel. Sam would never truly understand Dean though, he would only be horrified by it. Castiel though, he would.
The man spoke as if he knew Castiel longer than just the few days they had been together, which was odd, but Castiel just figured he knew about him from his success in the department and the constant media coverage in the town. The press were absolutely obsessed with him. They loved a good story and Castiel was a walking trilogy.
Charlie stared at him like he was insane. "...where's the kid?"
Castiel felt his blood starting to boil. "My desk-?"
"Detective! You're awake." Dean grinned.
." The pet name only made everything feel that much more intense. His head fell forward, eyes shut and mouth parted in pants and moans. His cock was so painfully hard like it hadn't already cum. "Ohh-!" His hips bucked up.
"Look, I dunno!" Dean shrugged, putting his hands up in mock surrender. "Who knows what's going in that guys head- he's crazy."
He made his way to the back of the station, using his keys to get through the gates and doors like it really was that easy. They didn't expect officers to be the ones to break out their prisoners of course, though he was surprised Bobby hadn't suspended him until the investigation was over to go 'heal' over it, he would've taken his keys then. Everybody made mistakes, Castiel was just thankful of this one.
It was thrilling.
He swallowed hard and closed his eyes for a moment, trying not to think too hard on this. He didn't want to get excited when Jack was here. He let out a deep breath before he continued on and plated up some beans for Jack. "Enjoy, kid."
"Dean." He smiled at the man. "You'll be safe here with me."
Castiel's eyebrows raised at Dean's comment but didn't say anything about it and just continued on. "This is an utter disaster, but Lucifer's ruse didn't last long, if the press knows he's out, then the police have already known for days. We're all going to the police station. Now." He looked over to Jack. "Go freshen up in the bathroom Jack, wash your face." The boy merely nodded and did as he was told, walking into the bathroom and shutting the door behind him. God knows what was going through his mind. Castiel didn't even know what was going through his own sometimes, especially lately.
Castiel's eyes went so wide they looked like they were going to pop out of the sockets. "What?" He looked over to Jack, who only sadly nodded. "Lucifer? He's been in jail for so long though."
He got out of the car, walking over. "Thank you, Bobby. I appreciate this." He said, Bobby only nodding his head. Castiel turned his attention to Jack, who looked uneasy. "I'll take care of you, Jack, I promise." He took out his hand.
He knew Castiel better than anyone. He knew everything about him. Whoever this copycat was, Dean would kill him before he could touch a hair on Castiel's head. His precious boy. Nobody else was allowed to corrupt those blue eyes.
"Hello, anyone here?" He called out, voice echoing through the building. "I know you're here- he told me. Just come out." There was no answer, though one should never expect to call out into darkness and get the killer to actually answer. It wasn't like they were going to scream back; 'Yeah, dude, right here!'
"You're not in trouble." Dean interrupted. "It's him I want. You keep this between me and you, alright?" He looked into the boys eyes, his gaze stern and unforgiving. "Got it?"
Dean cleared his throat. "For a girl. I'm going to lunch with her in like ten minutes."
On the front lawn was another dead woman. Looking at her was horrifying. He had seen a lot of shit during his years in the department but the Angel Killer was something else.
Castiel frowned. He knew what he was doing. "Don't test me, Winchester."
Lucifer knew just what this would do to him. Hell, he was probably counting on Dean being unable to control himself and killing Castiel so he could go to jail for it. That was his revenge.
The man just laughed at his suggestion. "For dinner? No way."
He clicked on one of the exclusive pictures which had Blue's hands tied up above his head, a vibrator up his ass and a cock ring on his red cock. God he was beautiful.
Jack swallowed hard. "I want to go."
Blue was all he could think about.
Benny nodded along to Dean's words. "Your dads a bastard."
Blue's jaw dropped as he jerked himself off. "Ohhh..." He squeezed his cock, body jolting in pleasure. "Sir- I- Oh god..."
"I don't care. Dean needs his name cleared." Castiel spoke firmly. "He didn't do this to me. It was Michael."
"Jack, you just confessed to hurting a woman."
"I'm going to have to get used to these things if I'm going to be working here." Dean chuckled. "It's the police that always have the luck of finding these things anyway, you detectives are the lucky ones," He nudged Castiel's shoulder but the man didn't look all too amused at the joke. Castiel was far too serious for his own good.
"Obviously." Castiel nodded. "Jack..." He sat down. "You need to stop being vague and tell me. I know you're just a kid and this is hard on you but I can't help you in the dark."
Fuck.
The kid looked like he was about to have a heart attack. "I...I don't want to be in trouble."
"That it will." Castiel looked down to the papers before him. They hadn't found anything about the Angel Killer. That was what the fucking press was calling him. Sure, give a killer a good name, that will definitely make them stop. Somehow the media managed to get the information that the killer was doing this for Castiel. They thrived on the story, to them it was like a real life crime drama.
Maybe just little touches.
He knew it was kind of dark but nothing good could come out of a black hole.
Dean had to stop himself from bursting out into laughing at that reaction. He ignored it and turned around, walking to the kitchen cabinets and taking out the little stash of emergency money he had hidden there. "Get whatever you can carry back okay, kid? Get yourself some candy or something too." He took out a few hundred and handed it to the boy, who looked pretty damn happy.
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaBekx8yFxt1nY3Q7mnaMjL9fPNEKokh2
The angel's eyes snapped open and he was met with the brightest blue he had ever seen. The man grabbed at Dean's face, a panicked look on his face. He spat out words in a language Dean didn't recognise- it was unlike any other language he had ever heard and he had heard a lot of weird ass alien languages in his time yet he couldn't place this one.
He got out of his car, grabbing his wallet and phone as he did so, walking inside. Surprisingly it was busy. There was quite a few people in here already. It was weird seeing a florist so busy- what's there to do at a florist? Grab flowers and just get out of there- or order online. If it weren't for the time limit, that's what he would've done. It was bothersome doing crap like this himself.
His life was fake and it was time to continue playing the part of his fake self.
A medical examiner rushed over to the ground and looked over Castiel, making sure he was alright. "He must've just passed out from shock and exhaustion."
"Shit." Dean looked over to the building where he saw the two guards rounding the corner to see what the noise was. "Jack, deep breath, focus, you can do it."
The man nodded. "I'm the owner, Castiel."
It was so hard not to do that.
Dean grinned from ear to ear. "Your wish is my command." He stared to move, nice and slowly to start with because he knew just how bad it hurt. He tried to be the bottom once with some asshole jock in high school and instantly he knew he would rather be giving than receiving. He needed a nice ass to shove his cock in- he didn't need one in his own.
Castiel's heart stopped into his stomach. "You hurt one? The woman at my house? Did you do all this or did someone make you? Why me, Jack?"
"There's no point in even sending him if you go then." Dean pointed out. "Look- there's a gas station nearby."
The previously hot temperature of the room had dulled.
Despite Dean saying he was going to clean up, the two stood there for another few seconds before he finally moved and cleaned up the plates in the lounge room. Castiel made himself scarce when he was doing so, deciding to go upstairs and get changed into his pyjamas, a basic t-shirt and bee-print boxers. He cursed at himself for not bringing long pyjama pants. Sure he could borrow some of Sam's but that was worse than wearing boxers because they would fall off him and he would be fucking half naked.
"No, you don't." Castiel nodded, stepping closer to him. "And I'm going to make this clear now." He took another step closer, so close their chests were almost touching. His blues piereced into Dean's eyes. "When all of this is over, I suggest you transfer to another station. There's something wrong with you, Dean Winchester, and I don't trust it."
Yeah, there was no fucking way that this kid did it.
"Michael!" He shouted. "You're sick, sending that boy to do your dirty work- letting him take the fall." He looked around, gun raised high. "Come the hell out- I was nice enough to come here alone, don't make me call for back up." He let one hand fall from the gun and linger over his pocket, where his phone was. "You coward."
'Angel of Tears' Blue was the most popular and highest earning Angel on Angel Radio, nicknamed for his blue eyes. The mask he wore covered his upper face but one could still see those glorious eyes of his, how they'd water when he was really feeling it, how tears would escape them when he came hard all over himself. He would become especially teary on his Friday livestreams. Five hours was a long time to entertain. He would get exhausted, teary and overstimulated. Fuck, Dean wished he would be the one that did that to him.
"Yeah, of course!" Dean nodded, taking a step closer.
Dean's eyes widened. "You don't know how to ride a bike-? Jesus!" He shook his head.
Castiel frowned. "Fine. I'll see you later." He got into the car and started it up again, adjusting the mirror so he could see Jack before he set off. He felt a little awkward, that he could admit. How does one even talk to kids? Jack wasn't even a normal kid.
"You look like you're hungry. I can cook something to eat, why don't you go shower or something?" Dean interrupted, grinning ear to ear.
Fucking clichés.
. "Oh- no, no- I really don't mind." He quickly said, voice a little panicked.
"You know we can't do that. He has that woman's blood all over him." Bobby huffed. "He ain't going any where until he gives us information. He was at the crime scene. His DNA is on her, either he's some freak that touched the body before we got there or he was apart of the murder."
Dean stared up at the figure filling up the sky, baffled. "And where do they go?"
He stood outside of the abandoned building, because of course it was always an abandoned building, gun in hand. This was the place Jack told him Michael would be. Of course Jack never said by name that it was Michael, only referring to him by pronouns but to Castiel it was obvious that it was Michael. Yes it wasn't smart to show up all alone like the cliché but this was Michael. He could withstand Michael.
"Jesus- Just- Kevin!" Bobby huffed.
. His only. His body belonged to him.
Charlie choked on air. "What? You're kidding."
"Round this corner, Jack, we can switch over there." Dean directed. "Luckily I know where to go." Once Jack did that, he parked and Dean switched places with him. The wheel was sweaty from where Jack had been holding it. Poor kid.
One day he wouldn't have to use a photo.
Castiel felt weak against Dean's grip. The breath and teeth on his neck made him feel high and disoriented. Dean was right but he wouldn't tell him that. He wouldn't even tell himself that. He hadn't been telling himself that.
Dean swiped down his profile. It didn't come as a surprise to anyone that the man was a paying member for Blue. The stars had videos and lives they did for everyone to see but some things were exclusive only for members who paid them to see more. It was a little pathetic, Dean knew that, but he couldn't help himself. He couldn't live knowing there was more of Blue he wasn't seeing.
The man was sick and despised him but for some reason Lucifer never outed Dean for what he did. He never told the police who it was, he only said that he didn't do it.
The back door opened and in came Jack, a smile on his face and bags on his arms.
Dean continued to fuck him, moaning and grunting. He leaned down and kissed him hard, pushing his tongue into his mouth and their tongues twirling together. With how sensitive his cock felt, it didn't take him long to fill Castiel up a second time. "Ahh...haa..." His body slumped against Castiel's as he came, panting hard against the mans neck.
"We need to talk." Dean said across the kitchen table. He looked over to the two Novak's. "We're running low- that's obvious. We need to go and get food and water."
"What!"
It was nothing though, it had to be nothing. Dean was fine, just weird.
He swallowed hard, finding his mouth try and speechless. He stopped his staring when the figure opened up his eyes, blue meeting green.
She had never seen anything like it. He did indeed look like an angel from Earths lore. There were many theories that Angels and God were actually aliens that visited Earth and there was evidence of that as well, but no actual aliens to confirm it. Not until now at least.
He's still tied up in the basement.
"I've got a place." Dean smiled at him.
Lucifer shrugged his shoulders. "Where's my boy?"
Charlie almost choked on her own spit hearing that. "I- what? Why?"
Showing up alone to the killer who was taunting you was a classic, cliched cop move in every damn crime drama and movie. It never turned out good. The detective was always too stubborn to let others come, not telling the others and almost dying because of it. It was stupid- something unrealistic, something no smart cop would ever do. "Why would he talk?"
Dean bit the inside of his cheek. "You're the one that did that. I didn't do shit." He huffed. "You got those fucking- people to follow you- to kill for you. You're insane."
Dean already felt himself getting hard in his pants. No other person could ever have this affect on him.
Castiel putting Lucifer away was what got him his detective rank.
"Of course...why did you ask me to bring my laptop?" Charlie asked, putting her bag down on the kitchen counter.
For now they would play. He knew Castiel enjoyed a good game of cat and mouse. He probably thought himself as the cat, how funny.
"Where we off to, captain?" Charlie asked, grinning from ear to ear.
"Son of a bitch- speed limit fucking-" Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. This was another reason he hated passing by The Supermassive. Galactic Government speed limits.
The police were always useless.
"The name?" Dean furrowed his eyebrows, confused for a moment before it clicked- he didn't know why it didn't click before. "Oh- Novak! Didn't realise it was
"Hey, it's alright, it's alright." Dean put his hands up in mock surrender as the man started freaking out, grabbing a pillow to cover himself. Suddenly Dean just couldn't take it anymore, his body growing a mind of its own. His hand reached out, grabbing Castiel's and stopping him from moving the pillow over his lap. "It's alright, let go of the pillow." Castiel stared at him, confused, but did as he was told, letting go of it. Dean let out a soft breath as he let go of the mans arm and moved closer. "Let me help you out."
John abused both Sam and Dean throughout their entire childhood, physically, mentally and emotionally. Often he wouldn't even feed them. Whenever he would leave, which was sometimes for days on end, Dean would gather what he could to feed his little brother. Dean often took the blows so Sam didn't have to. There wasn't anything that he wouldn't do for his brother, he meant the world to Dean. He was the only person he ever had for the longest time. Often his body would be laced in bruises and cuts and the police? Well, they were as useless as ever. They didn't help him. They didn't put John away for what he did. It was clear to Dean that he would have to take matters into his own hands. If nobody was going to protect Sam and ensure John would pay, he would. He would play god.
"If it starts up again, I'll be sucked in if I'm in the ship or out it." Dean shrugged. "Either way, splat, I'm dead." He zipped up the suit properly and adjusted the helmet. "Whatever that thing is- it's my duty to investigate on behalf of Earth." Sure, that was a good excuse. He made sure the suit had enough oxygen before stepping out into a glass room, the door locking behind him. He flickered on the radio connected to the ship from the suit. "Just keep watch." Charlie simply shook her head at him. Dean grinned, opening the door behind him that lead out to the darkness of space.
Benny put the beer glass down, finally looking over to Dean and not the window. "You remember everything yet?"
Jack's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "Secret agents?"
"Hands up!" Voices shouted from the basement stairs.
"I think that was nice enough." Castiel pat down the crinkles in his shirt. "We need to be alert, I'll let you take the first watch shift." He walked past Dean to the other bedroom, patting the mans back as he passed.
The new guy was definitely...odd to say the least.
It really made one wonder what was in that thing. Was it really another world? Universe? Dimension?
Castiel was straight up panicking at this point. "Sam, Sam- you sure? because-"
Jack quickly dropped the bags and rushed over, horrified. He looked to Dean. "What did you do?"
"Christ." Benny shook his head in disbelief. It seemed longer than that. It seemed longer to Dean too. "I've been starting to remember things lately bout myself, bout how I died."
The earthling stared in disbelief. Well, the guy wasn't dead, that was something. "Shit..." He wrapped his arms around the man. "You're coming with me, Angel boy." He grunted as he adjusted the man before moving himself back over to the ship. Even with his rockets he couldn't move as fast as he usually would. The wings on the man were fucking heavy. This dude would have to be strong in order to move around with them.
"That's it, baby," Dean licked his lips. "That's it..."
the police."
Just like that, he bit the apple too.
He was beautiful. Aside from the wings, his beauty alone was enough to tell anyone he wasn't human.
What a dick. Dean took a breath to calm himself. "Yeah, maybe I'll show up."
God, Dean swore his eyes had turned into hearts.
Every time they visited they were always together but not tonight, he was going to make up an excuse to get out of there so the two of them could finally fuck it out. As disgusting as that was.
Jack immediately panicked, attempting to drive though he only stalled the car, making a loud sound erupt from the engine. "Oh-" You could practically see the strands of sweat coming off the boy at this point.
Castiel didn't say anything else and turned to leave before he saw a tall figure in the doorway, so tall at first he thought it was slender man come to life.
"Gotta go the speed limit," Charlie snickered.
There was a deep shame he would feel every time he got off to the thought of Blue. He knew it was wrong- but whenever he tried to forget about him, he just couldn't. He would find himself with his hand on the mouse and the other hand on his cock.
It all felt so muddled up. His brain felt sick. He wasn't thinking the way he usually did.
His grip tightened and with one hand, he raised the axe up above his head, green eyes glued on the kid on the ground before him.
It was heart breaking to see.
Jack let out yet another shaky breath, struggling to keep himself composed. "He cares about me."
Dean's eyes lit up. That was a good sign at least. Usually when spirits remembered, it was close to their time. His heart ached at the thought of losing Benny though. The two had gotten close. "That's great, man. What do you remember?"
"Castiel." He replied, voice soft. "What is your name, guide?"
It felt so cold somehow now.
Whenever he dealt with the press and annoying public, that was the only time he could ever understand why some people killed because god were they annoying.
"Jack- I- Kid, It was an accident." Dean scrambled onto his feet, for once horrified by his own actions even though he had done far worse to people before. He could at least control himself with other people.
He's just a kid.
One day, Dean swore he would meet Blue.
Dean Winchester awoke, body floating on an endless blue ocean, green eyes hazy. He couldn't remember what happened in that moment, hell he could barely remember his name, as he sat up on the ocean, as if it were a solid ground, he saw nothing around him but blue water and pink skies.
Castiel shoved the food into his mouth as quickly as he could. "I should get ready for work, you too, we have a lot to do." He said, voice muffled from food. He swallowed and cleared his throat, getting up. "Give me a bit." Usually he was at work even earlier than this. It was safe to say he was a bit of a workaholic.
"I'm nothing like you, I don't kill innocents."
"He must've had Jack before he got in there- and had someone take care of him or something until he could get out and fuck the kid up." Dean shrugged.
Castiel's face paled. Being alone with Dean for a few minutes was bad enough let alone until tomorrow or fucking S
The night had passed without any incidents.
insane?" He shook his head in amusement. "You're the one obsessed with my little brother- all this show for him? The woman on the tree in Eden, nice touch, very poetic."
"A kid." Bobby nodded. "There's no fuckin' way he was the one who did this though- unless he's a pretty damn good actor, he's just been crying." They stopped at the desk of the new recruit, Kevin Tran. "Kevin- tell 'em what you told me."
"How else was I supposed to get attention away from me? He'll be fine. Some prison time will do him good- like it did me." Lucifer smiled wickedly. "He already got a taste of it, killing that woman."
"I...don't know." Jack looked down at the table. He wasn't told how to answer these questions.
