Dean turns and looks at his assistant who's typing away on his iPhone, the singer sure he just made an off-hand sort of remark that wasn’t worth responding to, but there was something there, something about the statement being so blasé that made Dean question his assistant, “Why would you think I'd go and see Cas?”
Scoffing at the Omega's words, Cas says, “It's alright, I've been told enough times to already know that it doesn't necessarily sound like the most glamorous job out there.”
“I'll see ya tonight at eight then, I should be done by then,” Dean finally says once he's gained back some composure, but he's still smiling up at Castiel like he hung the fucking moon or some shit, eyes bright and starry and the writer's still too tongue tied to say anything back.
He stumbles out an apology, feeling bad that the Alpha is carrying everything, with Cas attempting to wave him off as Dean tries to take the chair from him.
Dean closes the door behind him as he makes his way inside Cas's hotel room, the space being only   a little smaller than Dean's, but still having enough room for a small walk-in, fully equipped bathroom and a large bedroom that dominated the entire room. Nothing too fancy, but comfortable enough for their few days' stay before they hit the next state.
And then Dean froze beneath him, body clamped up, lips cold and unresponsive  against his warm ones, voice stuttering out with a tone that was so fucking brittle and thick it made the writer’s own heart ache, “Y-you what?”
Castiel's right leg was starting to bounce up and down from nerves at his turbulent thoughts, and while he's looking at his watch yet again, seeing that only five minutes had passed since the last time he checked it, he feels a tap on his shoulder followed by an expressionless voice, “Excuse me, Mr Novak?”
Well, that certainly covered all Dean's questions, so he just nods his assent and replies, “Yeah, sounds like her. I'll, uh, just get my things then I guess.”
than he had anticipated. But fuck, everything felt so good. Cas’s hands sliding along his sides as he kept him trapped against the door, the pair not even having made it properly into the room before they were on each other, trading frantic kisses, with hands more daring in their explorations this time around.
But he couldn't very well go out on stage like this either, he would barely be able to hold the microphone straight with how badly he was shaking from the nerves jolting through his body, let alone be able to carry a note. He needed something to numb everything for a little while, just so he could get through this in one piece. This wasn't how he wanted to start off the next almost twelve months of his tour and his failure sent a wash of discouragement over him.
Dean hated the fact that he sounded like the stereotypical omega airhead people often accused him of being at that moment, but he had a pretty damn good excuse for being utterly shocked right now. He had thought things were going pretty good between them so far, not that there were any sparks or lightning bolts between the two, but he had been harbouring this fantasy that they could have been relatively content with each other, maybe come to love each other if they just gave it some time and effort. Although, Dean knew he was secretly deluding himself with the picture-perfect romantic couple he had hoped they could be someday.
But Castiel feels as if he can't breathe, his heart tightly constricting in his chest, making it difficult for him to get air in as he stares with complete longing and wonder at Dean Winchester, knowing, with a keen sense of certainty that he just fell in love with the green-eyed Omega who had bared his soul for the Alpha right there up on that stage, and damned if Castiel wasn't going to do everything he could to protect and cherish the precious gift he had just been given.
It's when he brings the phone back to his ear, intending to speak out again, when he hears the faint, somewhat wavering voice of the person saying, “H-hey, Sammy.”
In the end, Dean was happy that he went. Gabriel had always been one of his favourite photographers out of the small pool of the usual's he floated around when doing shoots. But he could tell Gabe was definitely a different person around Cas, and in a way, seeing how he was around the Alpha had made the Omega think of him as being more than just one of the few common rotating figures in his working routine.
“If you're such an expert, why don't you try it then,” Castiel responds defensively, feeling a little embarrassed at Dean witnessing his clumsiness, but it wasn't exactly as simple as the Omega made it seem either.
He was mesmerized with how unfairly handsome the man was with those piercing blue eyes and dark, sharp features that made him so so weak in the knees when he wasn’t prepared for Cas’s dominating presence.
It was amazing how John could still catch Dean off guard sometimes. Like he was doing right now while they were in front of this small group of people, spinning words together to create an entertaining story, his best people pleasing mask firmly in place in this stranger's home, unlike the black, oil-slicked mask he wore in their own home.
The Omega had no idea what exactly was happening, this was new to him and to their situation so he didn't bring it up, because he didn't know how or if he was just reading too much into the Alpha's behaviour, since arguably he never really knew what was considered Cas's normal behaviour quite yet.
“Then he doesn’t. That’s not something you can force either, you know that that. What you do after is something I can’t help you with baby bro, you know the research better than I do about what comes after a rejected claim. But know this, as much as it’s okay to want to give your Omega everything he wants and needs, it’s okay to want and need things too.”
This time Dean didn’t stop himself from reaching his hand out across the table, grabbing Cas’s larger one and holding on tightly, feeling the warm heat as Cas turned his palm up so he could grab onto Dean’s, holding on tighter, stroking his thumb across the back of the singer’s hand in a rhythmic movement, as if that small hand in his were the only thing grounding him in that moment.
Like it wasn't just her an' me anymore. Felt like we had the world in our ears, in our heads, in our relationship. It was just too much and things got out of hand when she had to transfer to a new high school coz people kept bullying her. And I was half way across the country and dealing with my own shit, too. There was this one day I realized we hadn't even spoken or texted each other in a few weeks by that point. So I guess in the end we kinda just ghosted each other, we both knew things had ended between us the day I moved really. And that was that, I guess. ”
“I never knew you had freckles,” Castiel’s voice sounded out without his consent, whispered words meant only for Dean to hear as his eyes settled on the spots he seemed to be so enamoured by.
Castiel can't help but smirk when he sees Dean become flustered at his words, looking at the Alpha from under his eye lashes when he can't seem to look at him directly. And Castiel can feel his smirk turn into a genuine and pleased smile as he leans his hand moving across the table to cover Dean's as he strokes his thumb over the Omega's soft skin, thinking this date was going rather well so far, even with the unexpected turn their conversation took, and the night was still young yet.
But remembering that night brings other memories with it too, ones that weren’t as pleasant, his face pinching at the way that night had turned out for him.
“It’s an EMF reader. It tells us if there is any amount of Electromagnetic waves in the air, typically signs of an apparition or of a unmarked fuse box.” Castiel stared blankly at the device. It hadn’t done anything since they had entered the graveyard. Castiel was still apprehensive about all the new information. Sure he was a holy man, but he also knew his limits to his beliefs. He had wandered this earth for thirty years. In that time he might have seen something to indicate there were beings from beyond the grave wandering around, grabbing children and knocking down candles. Dean stood up and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Now what?” Dean turned to finally look at Castiel. He seemed to have a permanent blush covering his face as he spoke with Castiel. He wondered how long that would last. “I mean, I didn’t just defile a priest, I defiled an angel of the Lord here, Cas. I’m still not sure you aren’t going to smite me.” Castiel scrunched up his face as he took in Dean’s words and the way he seemed to cringe as he said them himself.
“Father, I have sinned.” Dean said again. The sadness was still lingering in his voice. “I have killed. I have been envious of my fellow man. I have lusted over people I shouldn’t have. I have been greedy. I have been too proud.” His voice started to break a little. “I have been wrathful, gluttonous, overly languid.” Castiel listened as Dean took a deep breath. The words rang in Castiel’s mind like a mantra. “And I have lost. I have lost my brother and I have paid for my sins dearly.” He heard Dean grunt as if he was holding back a sob. “Does it ever end?” Castiel felt his hand shoot out to touch the edge of the partition between them as he heard the grief in Dean’s voice. He closed his eyes, halting his hand, before he spoke.
“You got a ladder, Padre?” There was the dull sound of a thud and Castiel turned to see Sam had hit Dean on the shoulder in a reprimanding way. Dean made a pained noise before he turned to Sam, the silent look of ‘what’ coloring his face.
“After everything,” Dean wrung his hands over his knees. “I- “He choked on his words. They looked painful to get out. “I need you, Cas.” Cas somehow knew that those weren’t the words he was going to say, but he took them anyways. “You stupid angel.” Cas shook his head.
“Move your legs, Cas.” He grunted out. Cas looked down at the space between them and started to kick haphazardly in the water, much like someone would if they were attempting to run in a dream. No coordination and felt more like he was pulling Dean down with every kick. “Alright, stop, stop!” Dean huffed as he felt Castiel’s leg skim the edge of his crotch. “I’ll take us to the dock, just hold onto me.” Dean positioned Castiel on his chest as he leant back and started to kick out into the water. Thankfully, it wasn’t that far and soon enough Dean was heaving himself up, dragging Castiel with him. Dean managed to get on the dock first and reached down so that Castiel could get his entire weight and clothes out of the water and onto the dock. Tired from dragging the angel, Dean lay back on the dock, unbothered with now being exposed to the soaking wet angel laying on his right arm.
“I’m not going to smite you, Dean Winchester.” The ridges of fear seemed to ease out of Dean’s shoulders. Castiel was focused on his chest for a long time, staring at the light emitting from there.
“Why would I be excited about somebody’s death?” Cas opened the file, and she was in worse condition than the first victim. Cas shut the file and handed it back to Sam. The shower turned on and Cas stood up, looking for something to eat.
“That was two days ago.” Dean tuned out the rest of the conversation. He was too involved in the cold, dead angel on his lap. The blood was drying around his neck and staining his clothes. Dean moved a stray hair from Cas’ eyes. He was angry. Consumed by it. It washed over him in tidal waves. He wouldn’t show it though. He would keep it inside of him until it destroyed him.
“She took our weapons!” He quieted down and rubbed his face with his hand. “Cas, Sam, do you remember what happened?” They both shook their head. Sam sniffed and moved his hair out of his eyes. He stood up and began to look around. Something else fell and they all turned. Dean ran to a pile of rubble and yanked at something. Cas saw something move out of the corner of his eye. He turned his head to try to catch it, but it disappeared again. There was a cry of accomplishment; Cas looked over to see Dean wielding an iron rod about three feet long. He swung it to test its weight and seemed to be satisfied with the outcome. Sam whipped his head around and tensed up.
Cas reached down and palmed Dean’s cock through his jeans. The movement kicked Dean’s hand into gear, and he began to run his hand from base to hilt. Cas unzipped Dean’s pants and pushed his pants and underwear down enough to stroke Dean’s cock. Dean threw his head back and Castiel’s name fell from his lips like a prayer.
“Yeah?” The man sounded a little out of breath, probably from being yelled at over the phone by a complete stranger. “Anyways like I was saying, this is just a joke and I’m sorry if you were looking for something. You got a ride, buddy?” The man’s voice softened with concern.
“Cas! Please! I’m gonna – fuck!” Cas felt him tense underneath before he moved so that he could swallow down Dean’s orgasm. Dean gripped Castiel’s hair as he come almost to the point that it was painful, but Cas didn’t mind. Seeing Dean cum had been worth it. Dean took a moment to catch his breath before he was pulling at Castiel to move up from his knees. Dean pulled him in for a searing kiss, not bothered by the salty taste of himself on Cas’ tongue. “God damn, Cas where did you learn to do that?” Instead of answering, Cas pulled him in for another kiss. Cas could feel Dean’s still rigid erection against his stomach.
Castiel was in and out of the shower in record time and had changed in a hasty fashion. He had a little bit of time to spare. He decided he would see what it was the boys had done. Castiel walked out into the early summer morning. He knew that the brothers had said something about salt and burn, but he had no idea what that was explicitly. Part of him definitely didn’t want to know. But another part of him was always intrigued to know some facet of hidden knowledge that it seemed the brothers were privy to. He walked to the graveyard and navigated his way through the many plaques and headstones. Finally, he came up to Timothy’s grave and stopped dead in his tracks. Sticking out of the freshly disturbed dirt was the spatula he had lost weeks ago. Castiel felt his heart stop in his chest and his throat seized as he stared at the wary utensil. He didn’t know if the brother’s had set that there or what, but the sight had him panting as he turned right around and headed back into the church. He barely remembered making his way to the back of the church, blowing through his office to the kitchen landline. He picked up the phone only to stare at it, unable to think of Dean’s number. He hurried to his office, pulling out the number from his bible, saying the numbers under his breath as he punched them into the phone and listened as it rang.
“I’m putting up fliers to inform people of the summer kids programs I have set up for the kids who need a place to be while their parents are away at work.” Castiel reached down, his hat falling back onto the ridge of his eyebrows. He grabbed a flier from under the stapler and tape and showed it to Dean. The man reached out and grabbed the flier, his eyes darted from the flier to the road as he skimmed the paper. Castiel reached into his pocket and drank down the rest of his water. He watched out of the corner of his eyes as Dean folded up the flier with one hand and put it in his jean pocket.
. Dean wanted to stuff cotton into his ears as if it was some alternate version of himself whispering into his ear. It reminded him of when Cas had first tried communicating with him and the ringing of his angelic voice made the glass shatter around him. Except the glass in this case was his fragile hold on his heterosexuality. Sure, he could watch Busty Asian Beauties all day long if the evening called for it, but he would be lying if he said he wasn’t also admiring the equipment the men were endowed with either. Dean had even brushed off a few dreams in his youth as the fantasies of a boy.
“Come on, you don’t even need sleep.” Dean stated and got ready to investigate the house. He showered, dressed, and ate, and Cas still wasn’t awake. Dean shook his head, grabbed Cas’ coat, and walked to the car. As he drove awake Cas appeared in the back seat, still asleep. Dean shook his head and drove to the house. When he got there, he saw he beat Bobby and Sam. He looked back and woke up Cas. “Cas.” Cas started awake and sat up, his hair in all directions. Dean smirked at his angel and felt that pang in his heart again.
Dean woke up to a chill on his side. He turned and Cas was laying with his mouth open, arm covering his eyes, and a little spackle of drool on his cheek. Dean smirked and kissed his cheek. Cas groaned and rolled onto his stomach.
“Don’t Cas.” Dean turned and tried to get as far away from Cas as possible. He was upset. With himself, Sam, or Cas, he didn’t know. He was a confliction of emotions and he didn’t know how to deal with them. He rubbed his face with his hands. He took a deep breath and turned on his heel back to Cas, but Cas was right there, grabbing the playful fabric of Dean’s shirt and tugging him down. Dean was shocked by Cas’ abrupt nature that he couldn’t respond properly to the kiss. Cas didn’t notice or didn’t care, for he swiped his tongue along the seam of Dean’s lips, requesting entry. Dean gasped and Cas took that as the invitation to proceed. Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth as Cas’ tongue explored Dean’s mouth once again. He found all the spots that made Dean’s legs go weak. Dean finally gathered his wits and heaved Cas, so that he would wrap his legs around Dean’s hips. Cas groaned, pulling away to catch his breath and grind his hips into Dean’s. Dean growled as the movement sent a shiver of desire running down his spine.
“What are you doing here?” He said through the open window. They hadn’t discussed this before he left the other morning before Castiel was to leave the church.
“5-0 already arrive?” Dean looked around at the last little mess of glass left from the theft. Castiel followed his gaze, the thought of fixing the window suddenly consuming his thoughts. He had to get it covered before he went to bed or who knows what else would welcome themselves into it. He was already contending with mice, he didn’t need anymore wild animals making homes of the church. He thought about the calls to the exterminators he had made only for them to arrive and announce that there wasn’t any indication that there was an infestation of any kind within the confines of the church. Despite Castiel having stayed up many a night listening to them scratch along the walls of his room. And the mess of the altar upon his awakening. They had even absconded with several other of his kitchen utensils. He had to buy at least two more spatulas since the first one was taken. It had been two weeks since he had lost the first one and his nights had only gotten more hectic, and now on top of the breaking and entering he would have to contend with. He doubted that the police would even be able to do anything given that Castiel didn’t see anything regarding the people who stole from him.
“You still adamant to leave?” Michael had his own wings flared out as he spoke. He was angry that Castiel was leaving, but something was holding him back from issuing the order to make Castiel stay stationed here.
Sam woke up slowly. The sun hit his eyes and he looked over to check on his brother. The bed was stripped and empty of his older sibling. Sam jumped up looking around. “Dean.” Sam called, there was no answer. Sam walked around the small motel room. He saw the mound of blankets on the couch and approached the pile with wary. He pulled up the blankets, apprehensive with the whole plan. He looked in and Cas was entrapped in Dean’s embrace, sleeping soundly. Dean was awake, however, and staring at Sam with a glare. Sam jumped back not expecting him to be awake. The blanket fell back on them and Sam held up his hands, walking away. He popped the top to a beer and took a deep swig. His stomach growled in hunger. He looked in the small fridge and pulled out some leftovers. There was a cup salad that he hadn’t eaten, he decided on that. He hurried to eat that as he got dressed. He decided to go on a run to give the two on the couch some alone time. He debates his decision but decided that it was the best course of action. Sam grabbed a key and hurried out before the day became too hot.
“Yeah, I have drank, stole, lied, dishonored my parents, said the Lord’s name in vain, given into temptations of the flesh, laid with man as I lay with women – sometimes at the same time – worn polyblend material, I have coveted thy neighbor, and I have made deals with demons, killed monsters, I have worked on the sabbath, really there isn’t anything I haven’t done.” Dean let out a humorless laugh. It was Castiel’s turn to let the silence linger. He had heard a lot in his time as a priest, but it was the way Dean said the things he said. Something in his tone had him shaken to the core. Castiel turned fully and tried desperately to see the face of the man on the other side of the screen. He was met with only a profile image of the Winchester. He could see the faint hue of his green eyes, but otherwise he couldn’t see any intricate details of Dean’s face. He had never wanted to gaze upon the face of another man than he did in this moment. If Dean felt the weight of his stare, he didn’t acknowledge it. Before Castiel could even think of something to retort with, Dean was speaking once more,
was the only sound besides the thrumming of the car. It was dark outside, trees lining either side of them and mountains off in the distance behind the vast expanse of forest. When the phone stopped Cas clenched it and flicked it open. He had been listening to the voicemails because he knew Dean wouldn’t.
“Rats?” Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, having set the roll of duct tape on one of the pews. Castiel turned his eyes back to him and gave a slight nod.
Castiel moved his hand to rest over Dean’s chest again and despite his comment he found his eyes drifting closed.
“Thank you Father Novak.” Castiel gave a small nod before Sandra and Caleb walked the short distance to their car and headed on their way. This incident had solidified his choice to create a sign in sheet, if not for the 'case of emergency' contacts for the children in his care. He would announce it at Mass on Sunday. He turned to Father Freely and started his trek across the parking lot to the west side of the church.
“I- “ Caleb started, he hiccupped halfway through as his tears finally dried up. “-I thought I saw someone. They went into the graveyard.” Castiel kept his face neutral even though his mind was racing with thoughts. “When I got in there they disappeared and then I went to go back and someone grabbed my arm and pulled my down.” He gasped out as he help his arm against his chest. Castiel shifted slightly as he held his hands out for Caleb to put his arm into them. “That’s when I screamed.” Caleb looked worriedly at Castiel before putting his arm in Castiel’s outstretched hands. Castiel looked over the boys arm, but he didn’t see anything that would indicate that the boy had been grabbed.
“I prayed for you. All the time.” Castiel looked down as Dean tilted his head back to take in Castiel’s face. There was a dusting of pink that spread across Dean’s face at Castiel’s words.
“That’s her. She has two faces.” Dean grabbed the paper and read off of it. He folded it up and looked back into the diner. The waitress was staring at them. Her eyes looked dead, but her face was contorted in anger. Sam, Dean, and Cas turned to the Impala and headed back to the motel.
“I open up that vest you no doubt wear and pick at the buttons as I wiggle on your crotch.” Castiel could hear the strain on the man’s voice now.
But to have Cas stand toe to toe with him with his piercing blue gaze and his pouty lips made the teenage boy in him flush and giggle. He feigned his annoyance to keep from reaching out and pinning the angel to the nearest wall to run his hands through his permanent bed head and debauch the suit that he never changed out of. To take his tie off and have it stuffed in the mouth of the arrogant angel. Dean shifted his weight and his pants rubbed against his burgeoning erection. He let out a sigh as the friction eased some of the tension. He should have felt guilty doing something like this, getting aroused at the thought of a literal angel of the lord, but he was here, alone with his thoughts and the fireflies and he just wanted to rub himself into his jeans to release the tension that had been boiling within him for well over a year now. Dean leaned back on the hood of the impala and put his hands behind his head to will his erection to go away. He looked up at the way the fireflies and the stars started to blend into indistinguishable lights in front of his eyes.
“Hey, Caleb, you wanna tell me what happened?” Castiel got up to refill the water and get Caleb some tissues. Caleb took the tissues this time and started wiping at his face randomly. He was silent while he did so. Castiel put the glass of water on the table and resumed his kneeling position in front of Caleb. Caleb was taking deep breaths now, but still hadn’t said anything. “You aren’t in trouble, I just want to make sure you’re alright.” It would take a little while longer before Caleb felt comfortable speaking. Castiel sat on one knee, waiting patiently for Caleb to speak. His hands clasped in his lap to show he would wait for Caleb until he was ready and that there was no anger in his request.
“What do you wear when you perform?” Castiel was curious, but also wanted to know what he would be looking for when he visited his mysterious ‘good time’.
“Maybe I could still come in and be your mysterious client.” The man on the other line took a deep breath.
“This is easier.” Castiel pulled Dean closer to his hips and leaned over to get a better angle on the hunter. The movement caused both of their engorged cocks to tap and bump into each other. Cas let out a small sound as Dean groaned in pleasure. Dean reached down and spread the precum over both of their tips eliciting another small groan out of Castiel. Dean grabbed at both of their cocks, pressing them together and the simultaneous groan out of both of them filled the air. Dean used his thumb to make wide circles over both heads cause Castiel to stutter his hips against Dean’s cock which then made Dean buck his hips up, making him lose grip on both of their cocks. He quickly recovered and matched Castiel’s thrusts. Dean soon let a litany of praises, cusses, and a single name fall from his lips as both of their hips sped up as they reached their climax. Cas buried his head into the crook of Dean’s neck and he could hear the combination of English and Enochian fall from his lips. Dean used his other hand to drag what little nails he had against Castiel’s back. Their movement’s causing the impala to rock with them.
“Yes, Dean. I am perfectly fine.” Dean shook his head. He looked sad. His hunter looked sad, for him. Cas felt something tug deep inside him and he scrunched up his face in confusion. Dean leaned back in his chair and rubbed his hands over his face. He made weird motions with his hands in exasperation.
“Yes, the police came and took my statement.” Dean looked back at the other man and Castiel gave him a glance before looking back at Dean. The other man seemed to pick up on some que from Dean because he left the empty parish chest and back out the front door. Castiel thought he saw something in his hand when he left and he couldn’t help the dread that filled his stomach.
“Don’t look.” Cas closed his eyes as Dean put him in a standing position. Too soon Dean’s arms removed themselves from Cas’ chest and he heard Dean rustle around, putting clothes on. Cas continued to stand in front of the door with his hands on his pants to keep them from falling off. His eyes still closed until he heard Dean gather up his clothes. Cas cleared his throat to get Dean’s attention. He wasn’t sure if he had it, but he proceeded to talk.
“Will your friend have anything?” Sam and Dean looked over at Cas. He was asleep with his head on the glass. He was snoring softly. Sam looked at Dean with a questioning stare. Dean reached over and gently shook the angel. He didn’t wake up.
He had listened to the voicemails from Bobby and Sam. The first few were angry at being left in BFE, Nevada, but they progressively became more worried as he didn’t call back and he didn’t show up to pick them up. As far as he knew they were camping out in Sioux Falls at Bobby’s place. After that he stopped listening to the messages. Dean had been across the board in the last three months since the car was fixed and he didn’t plan on stopping now. His phone rang, but he ignored it as he usually did. He took it out and threw it in the passenger seat, but instead of hitting the seat it landed in someone’s lap. Dean glanced over and saw Cas.
“What are you talking about?” Dean continued to hum quietly under his breath as he scratched the back of his head. He didn’t care that Sam might know he wasn’t with a woman, but he didn’t want him to know that he was with Castiel. He was already a little bent that Cas always showed up when he called rather than Sam.
“Hey Cas, I know you’re busy up there, but I just wanted to phone in and – “Before he was able to come up with some mediocre reason for praying to Castiel, there was a hand on his shoulder, spinning him around until he had his back pressed firmly to the door of the impala and Castiel pressed to his front. The sound of the bull frog must have masked the sound of Castiel’s wings and subsequent footsteps as Dean didn’t hear him approach until he had his hand on his shoulder. Whatever attempts he had made to eliminate the erection from previously had been thrown to the wayside as he was instantly hard as he felt Castiel’s body flush against his. Dean subconsciously opened his legs to bring Castiel closer to him, which the angel had obliged. Dean’s hands shot out to grab at Castiel’s coat out of habit. Cas’ face was inches from Dean’s and he had a hard time looking directly into the stormy eyes of the angel. “Ca-“ He couldn’t even get words out before Cas was pressing further into him making him bite back a groan. His erection was pressing hard into the angel’s thigh and Dean felt his face flush at that.
“Dean.” Was all Castiel could get out of his mouth. He wanted to reach out and touch the man who had shaken his faith. Would he feel human or would he simply pass right through his fingers?
“No, I came to tell you to leave.” Dean tilted his head and stood. She didn’t flinch or even blink. She stood, showing no emotion at all. Dean was going to speak again when Sam opened the door. He was sweating and panting heavily. He opened his mouth to say something but stopped. He looked at the sister. “This small town can take care of its own.” Without anything else she turned and left. Sam dodged her as she pushed past and shut the door on her way out. Sam looked between Dean and the door.
“No, Dean are you suggesting that I am being…haunted?” Castiel let the disbelief and confusion drip heavily from his mouth. His back was aching from the way he had pressed himself into the pew. The line of questioning had made him as uncomfortable as if they were discussing his own personal sins.
“Yea, I’ll have a burger. With everything on it.” She wrote it down and looked at Sam. Sam ordered his rabbit food and she looked over at Cas.
“Cas.” The body before him didn’t move. “Cas!” Dean’s voice was stern, as if on command the angel would rise up and look at him with those brilliant blue eyes, the ones that always managed to look right into Dean’s soul. “Cas!” It was more of a whine now. Somehow that would get Castiel to stand and reassure Dean that everything will be alright. The fallen angel would hold Dean and with his gruff voice keep Dean calm. That wasn’t going to happen. Those blue eyes would shine no more. Dean would no longer hear that gruff voice; there would no longer be surprise visits and violations of his personal space. Dean yelled and hit his fist against the ground. Sam let go of his brother and quietly creeped out of the room, they were still threatened by the Inugami; Dean ran his hands through his hair and tears poured out of his eyes onto the fragments of concrete beneath him. The concrete was dark from the tear stains. Dean looked at Cas’ serene face. He was so calm it almost made Dean angrier. His stupid angel had to go and get himself killed. He always had to do something like this, and this time Dean knew he wouldn’t get his angel back. Something in his heart said ‘you’ve run out of chances’. He could hear Sam outside, fighting off the Inugami. Dean took deep breaths but didn’t bother wiping his face of tears. He reached under Cas and was surprised to find him still warm.
“Daddy!” Caleb was shaking. Dean looked down the hallway that Caleb came from. “Monster!” The little boy cried. His father held him close and looked around scared. Dean rushed upstairs and was met with a cloud of breath when he reached the top. He pulled out the only thing he had on him that was iron.
“You didn’t have to get me anything, Mrs. Hanson. A goodbye would have meant just as much without the gift.” Castiel started to open the wrapping paper and placed the garbage on the pew next to them. He set the box down to help him pull out the gift inside. Hidden amongst the wrapping paper was a beige trench coat. Castiel let his fingers graze over the fabric before Mrs. Hanson’s eager expression had him slipping into the coat. It settled nicely over him and he had to admit, he liked the way it hung off of him. Castiel smiled and held out his hands for Mrs. Hanson to take. The older lady had tears in her eyes as she looked him up and down.
“Hi.” Castiel drawled. The man on the other line was silent for a second, but Castiel didn’t let that deter him. “I got your number from the bathroom stall at the
“Do you have any other sins to confess?” Castiel wrestled with the idea that Dean’s first confession was less about sin and more about internal qualms plaguing the man. There was the sound of fabric against fabric, but the door to the other side of the confessional stayed closed.
“Thank you, Father Novak.” Mrs. Hanson’s daughter hurried forward and wrapped her mother in a large coat before taking the handles of the walker from him. Castiel merely gave a smile and said his goodbyes. He stood at the doorway and offered a handshake or a smile to the exiting clergy. A tap on his shoulder pulled his attention from the last few members.
Bobby and Sam looked around at the destruction Castiel had caused. Blood covered the floor and Sam’s stomach was wet from the river of red liquid that drained to a pool in the middle of the floor. Cas realized what he had done and cried as he sat down in front of Dean. He reached a hand out and Dean reached out his. Just as they were about to meet, Cas’ hand slipped right through Dean’s.
“Oh.” He turned around to look at the clock on the wall. “Thanks.” Castiel didn’t know what else he could really say to Dean. He didn’t know what the boys had done exactly to give him the all clear, but he decided that whatever it was seemed worthy enough for Dean to call him at 5:30 in the morning.
“I thought priests weren’t allowed to get married and have kids?” It was Dean’s turn to lean forward. Castiel grabbed his and Dean’s cup and after a quick rinse, left them in the sink. He waited until his sat back down to answer him.
Dean heard the fight downstairs and ran down the steps his feet barely hitting the ground. He saw Cas and the ghost fighting in the hallway. He couldn’t do anything at this point because it would mean that Cas could get hurt as well, so Dean went into the kitchen and grabbed Caleb and his father. He took them in the car and drove off.
“We got this, Father, we can clean up here.” Sam offered. He looked more sheepish about having made a mess in the church than to have purged a soul from this world.
“Dean.” Was the most that Cas could get out. Dean didn’t move when Castiel walked into the booth, closing the door behind him.
The sun beat down in waves on the deserted parking lot. They walked out into the blazing heat and looked around for anything they could run to, to get out of here. There was a road on the far end of the parking lot, and they could faintly hear cars driving along it. They made their way to the street as a large diesel pusher drove past them. Sam flagged them down, and they slowed down, but as soon as Dean turned, showing them the bloodied angel, they sped off. Sam grunted and looked down the other end of the road. They couldn’t see anything for miles down either side, so they agreed on going in the same direction as the truck.
“How did your talk go over this your brother?” He could see Dean’s jaw clench as he asked, but other then that he didn’t give any indication that he was bothered by the question.
Cas reached up to touch his neck to find his hand drenched in blood. He reached the hand out to touch Dean. Dean cried out, Cas thought it was his name, but he couldn’t be sure. He couldn’t hear anything besides the incessant ringing. He gurgled out something that might have been a word before his vision went completely black.
“Someone should have told my dad.” Dean didn’t sound sad or melancholic in his response, if anything he seemed almost resigned. Castiel decided to prod a little while he had the chance.
“Welcome to St. Liza, Father Novak. I am Bishop Michael Shurley.” Castiel let his hand fall to his side as the Bishop turned his head to indicate for Castiel to follow. “We’re excited to finally have you here.” Castiel tried not to think that the comment was directed at his late arrival.
“Angels having intercourse with humans is only frowned upon if they could result in a Nephilim.” Dean’s mind was whirling as his brain tried to comprehend the words coming out of Castiel’s mouth, but he could only focus on how his pouty lips were forming words. “And last I checked; males cannot conceive within the human species.” Dean groaned; the words barely being absorbed by his lust addled mind. Dean merely nodded and used the moment to twist them around so that Castiel was currently pressed against the door of the Impala. It was Dean’s turn to press into the angel. His thigh coming into contact with the equally aroused cock in Castiel’s pants. Dean’s mind short circuited for a moment as he seemed to process the information fully. Castiel was turned on. Castiel was turned on by him. Castiel was fucking hard and it was because of Dean. Growing impatient with Dean’s seemingly short attention span, Castiel reached over to grab at the door handle to the back seat and threw it open. Castiel shoved Dean forward and spurred the hunter into action. Dean went around to scramble into the back seat, leaning over the console to push the seats all the way forward. Dean saw Castiel out of the corner of his eye start to take his tie off and hang it over the door handle. Dean hurried to turn the car off completely, plunging them into darkness, his eyes slowly adjusting to the moonlight.
“Sammy!” Dean cried out as he whipped around, the metal bar clenched tight in his hands. Sam turned in time to see the boy charge after him, walking through the pews. Sam was able to swing and disperse the boy once again into smoke.
“Is that the business you and your brother work in?” Castiel knew he was probably prodding at something a little tender, but he was curious about this man beside him. The mysteries he held behind his bright green eyes and lightly freckled cheekbones. Castiel watched as his face fell a fraction, his eyes taking on a darker turn.
“I haven’t had service in a little while. I figured I’d call him in the next town I stopped at.” Cas’ eyes were alternating between watching Dean’s face and the way his arms were tensed as he held himself up on the dock. Cas was only an inch or two away from his hands and his fingers itched to reach out and grab at the angel. He wasn’t sure what overcome him, but he looked up at Cas from underneath his eyelashes and was startled to see Castiel looking at him with a strange expression on his face. Dean felt his heart stutter a little at the intense stare that Castiel was currently giving him. His face flushed and he hoped that the angel couldn’t tell as he returned the same sort of bewildered glance. Uncomfortable with the current staring contest they had gotten into, Dean reached out in a flash and grabbed Castiel’s leg. Before the angel could comment Dean used all his strength to pull the angel’s leg, sending him flying over his shoulder with a ruffle of fabric and a loud splash. Dean let go of the dock and dunked his head before letting out a laugh as his head broke the surface.
“I don’t know about cold spots, but my bedroom is almost freezing regardless of the weather.” Castiel finally supplied. Sam reached into his jacket and pulled out a handheld device. He put his hand on Dean’s shoulder before he started wandering around the church, weaving his way through the pews. Dean led him to sit down in one of the said pews. Castiel was on edge by the entire exchange, but followed his direction anyways.
“That’s gotta be it, hurry Sammy.” Dean had his back to them, but looked over his shoulder to investigate the jacket. Sam grabbed the jacket from him and set it on the stone floor. Just as he pulled out a container of salt and what looked like matches Timothy’s figure popped up between Castiel and Sam. Sam let out a cry as he was suddenly thrown back, knocking into the column closest to them Castiel gasped as he watched the scene. Dean turned and threw the metal bar at the boy. Sam slowly picked himself before he ran over to dump a large portion of salt on the jacket as the metal bar Dean threw narrowly missed Castiel and went right through Timothy. Castiel looked down at the metal bar that landed just before his feet with a clatter. He watched it while he saw Sam light the whole pack of matches, suddenly throwing the darkened church into a faint glow. He dropped the matches on the coat and the coat went up in a blaze. From behind Castiel he heard that cry again and turned on his heel to watch as Timothy went up in flames behind him before disappearing completely. Castiel dropped to his knees once Timothy had disappeared and began to pray quietly into his cross. His eyes closed, clenched so tight he might have a headache later.
Dean stood up, his hands in fists at his side. He stared down at Cas’ lifeless body with such vehemence he had hoped that it would stir the angel back to life. “Cas, what the hell!” He yelled. “Why?” He paced along the side of the bed. “You had to go and get yourself killed! After everything you would be so frivolous with your life!” His anger turned into tears. “You left! You said you would always come when I called, but now what will happen when I call you?” He turned to Cas who still sat lifeless on the bed. “Nothing! There will be no response!” He fell to the floor next to the bed. Sobbing with his hands in his lap. The anger leaving him. He closed his eyes and hung his head.
Dean released Cas’ spent cock from his mouth and wiped at his lips with the back of his hand. Cas reached down as soon as Dean released his cock and grabbed the hunter’s chin. Dean obliged, letting Castiel pull up close and give him a hungry kiss. His eyes were still glowing slightly when their lips clashed. Dean filed away that tidbit of information for a later time. They kissed for a long time before the wood started to dig into Dean’s knees and his back felt like it was starting to sun burn. Dean put a hand on Cas’ chest, and they broke apart. Cas’ eyes returned to their non-glowing status and Dean carefully picked himself up. He held his hand out to Cas as well. Cas looked down at himself and within a flash he had himself cleaned up and looking every bit the properly dressed angel as before. Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and lifted himself up. Dean felt a cool feeling wash over him and he could tell that any mess he had on himself had disappeared. They stared at each other for a long time before Castiel spoke to break the silence,
“It says that it can possess people and make them go mad.” Cas looked at Dean, but Dean continued to look at the computer screen with intense concentration. It was as if the computer screen had suddenly become transparent and Dean was trying to read the words on the page.
. By the nine month mark Castiel had been consumed with grief and fear that Dean would never grace his dais again. He had finally spoken with Bishop Shurley and told him of his desire to leave the cloth. He had been adamant that he would like to see Castiel stay, but the guilt, fear, and restlessness in his bones weighed too heavily on him. Despite that, Castiel agreed to stick around at the church until they had found his replacement. Deacon Neil had been upset about his news, but he had a kindness in his eyes he hadn’t seen directed at him before. He was sad that Castiel would be leaving, but he knew that this path wasn’t what the Lord had intended for him. Castiel thanked him for being a friend and the old man grumbled something before leaving. When Christmas rolled around he had almost accepted the inevitability that he would never see Dean again. He only had a few more days until he wouldn’t be priest anymore. They were bringing someone in from across the pond and Castiel could feel the restlessness in his bones only excite the closer he was to his final day. The restlessness coupled with the realization that he would never see Dean again had him all to eager to leave this town and never look back.
Dean held Cas under the protection of blankets. He had been awake for an hour or so before Sam lifted the blankets. Cas was starting to stir as Sam closed the hotel room door. Cas groaned and surfaced from the blankets. Dean loosened his hold around the angel. Cas looked around in confusion. He finally noticed Dean lying underneath him. He slowly blinked his eyes and then half-lidded them at the green-eyed man. “Dean…” He tilted his head and Dean’s eyes roamed Cas’ face. Cas was trying to distinguish what he was feeling, as many different emotions rattled around in his brain.
“Eleven months since my last confession.” He gave a mirthless little chuckle. “I’m not really getting any better at this, am I?” He leaned forward on his knees. Castiel watched him from his spot on the bench.
“Fuck!” Dean dropped the gun and pulled out Ruby’s knife. They smiled a wicked smile and a demon popped up behind Dean, getting him into a choke hold. Cas went to drag him off Dean but was being tackled from behind. Cas fell to the ground and Cas elbowed the demon in the jaw. It dazed him enough for Cas to get out from under him and for Dean to throw his demon to the ground and stab both of them.
“Yes, Dean?” Dean leant back a bit and looked up towards the sky before he started to speak again. His eyes narrowing as the midday sun started to crest.
“Did it find any?” Dean didn’t know what to say. Should he lie or should he tell the kid? He shut the closet door and walked over to Caleb. He kneeled down in front of the boy.
“No!” He cried out and it nearly broke Castiel’s heart. Castiel rubbed the young boys back instead to try and sooth him. He wanted to get him some water, but he would need the boy to let go of him first.
“Dammit, Sammy!” Cas stood in the kitchen looking at Dean. Dean had a fist on the door and another clenched at his side. Cas walked over and gently put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean shrugged him off. Cas pulled his hand back with a hurt look on his face.
“I think that would be a good idea, Father Novak.” Deacon Neil walked past Castiel as he started to make his way down the other side of the pew. “Might I suggest a potluck. It gets awfully cold this time of year and there’s always people in need of a warm meal.” Deacon Neil gave a small glance over his shoulder and Castiel watched him as he continued on. Castiel gave a nod, more to himself than in response to the Deacon, and he walked to his office. The minute he saw the several extra pews in the hallway leading to his office, he knew he wanted to put them out in the nave with the rest of them. He had hoped that if people saw the introduction of the other seats, they might start to fill them. Castiel let his hand drift onto the wood of the pew as he passed by. His fingers catching on the poppyhead. He had made sure to keep the dust off of them while they were back here. The row of windows along the hallway to his right had a habit of dredging up much more dust than was typical in the rest of the church.
Cas had a hard time coming to terms that this time he actually died and there was no bringing him back. Dean had a hard time with the same thing. They had found out how it was that sometimes he could appear and other times he couldn’t. He had to channel all of his energy into staying visible by keeping calm. Over time Cas had gotten exceptionally good at it. Dean made sure to take Cas’ coat everywhere he went. It was a false sense of security having a ghost protect you, but it was better than nothing, Dean mulled. Dean glanced over at Cas and had no one known, he would look as alive and well as Dean. Dean new better than to believe it, but he couldn’t help himself. He lied to himself and told himself that Cas was alright, and they would be alright together. They were driving to New Hampshire for a job. It sounded like a simple poltergeist that Dean would have no problem handling on his own.
“I don’t need to sleep as an angel.” Dean started to take his shirt off and threw it on the foot of the bed while Cas answered him. Dean looked at him, sans shirt, his hands resting on the button of his jeans. He wiggled out of his jeans, folding them up to set next to his shirt. Dean sat in just his boxers on the edge of Cas’ bed. Castiel took in the full sight of Dean stripped down in his boxers, his necklace standing out against his pale skin. Castiel let his eyes roam over his bare chest, skimming over the tattoo on his chest, taking notice of his dick at half mast in his boxers. Dean seemed to be preening under the attention. Castiel wanted to feel the way his skin would feel under his wings, but he only turned to sit in the chair by his window. Dean watched him as he did so while he settled under the blankets. Dean pushed himself back until his back was pressed against the wall the bed was backed up into. Dean pulled the blanket back, exposing the open side of the bed.
“You’re being really homophobic right now, Sam.” There was a twinkle in Dean’s eye as he teased his brother. Castiel watched out the window as they pulled out the parking lot and headed down the street, turning up the music as he did so.
“I’ll see if we can talk to anyone the waitress was friends with.” Sam chugged a glass of water before taking a deep breath. Cas found a stray burrito and put it in the microwave that was provided. He waited for his food to heat up. “Meanwhile someone needs to check out the sister’s house.” Sam eyed Cas as the angel stared at the little window that held his food.
“I hate to be rude, but I have to finish cleaning up around here and then see if I can’t fix this window before I head back to sleep and perform my sermon tomorrow morning.” If Dean was offended by his bluntness, than he didn’t show it.
“Cas,” Dean whispered. The blue-eyed angel looked over at Dean. “Why did you do it?” Cas shook his head.
“So what’s she like?” Sam poked his head from the back seat. Castiel turned slightly to look at him out of the corner of his eye. His hair had gotten long in the time they had been together. He was constantly pushing it back from his face as he did so now, pen in his ear revealing as he did.
“That means we were wrong.” Castiel stood stock still at Dean’s words. “I’ll get back to you tonight.” Dean hung up the phone again and Castiel put the phone back just as he heard the door to the hallway open. Castiel wiped his hands on his slacks again before he left the kitchen to approach Father Freely in the hallway. He didn’t want anyone stumbling onto his bedroom while there was a line of salt sitting at the doorway. Castiel shut the kitchen door on his way out and opened the door just as Father Freely  was about to knock on the door. He had his hand poised above the door and Castiel gave him a tightlipped smile causing Father Freely to put his hand down.
“Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself earlier, I’m Sam Winchester.” Castiel nodded and gave a thin lipped smile as he shook his hand back. “My brother told me a little bit about the new priest in town, but he didn’t tell me your name.” Castiel saw the tips of Dean’s ears flush red at Sam’s comment.
“Was it anyone who is apart of the group?” Castiel grabbed the empty glass of water and set it in the sink before he sat back down. Caleb’s face was back to it’s normal color and he looked calmer.
“Cas, I’m coming! Fuck, Cas!” Dean could barely watch as the white spurts shot up, coating Castiel’s chest. Dean let out a deafening cry as his back arched off the seat and soon enough he could hear Castiel moan above him as Dean felt the angel’s seed spend itself in him. Dean panted heavily as the angel collapsed on top of him. Dean let his head fall back on the seat as his cock twitched as he came down from his climax. Castiel carefully removed himself from Dean and he could feel the remnants of their coupling leak out of him. He cringed at the thought of it ending up on his seats. Then he remembered that the angel could simply clean it with a snap of his fingers. Dean looked down at himself, and quicker than expected, Castiel was looking at him with shining blue eyes.
“Now, now boys.” Danny said, walking forward. He tsked his tongue and shook his head. “That’s not how you play the game.” Carey put his drink down and came at Cas while another demon turned the corner and shot at Dean. Dean ducked and stabbed Carey. Carey looked down but didn’t back down from attacking Cas. Cas disappeared and left Dean to fight the demons. Cas would reappear and take fight the demons that got too close to Dean, but he stayed hidden. Cas quickly dug into Dean’s pocket and called Sam. Sam picked up on the first ring.
didn’t even think anyone was going to call it.” Suddenly the phone got fuzzy and Cas thought he heard muffled voices bickering over the line.
, he’d tell himself. It was a lie. He thought if he told it enough, he might start to believe it, but it was doing the opposite. The more he told himself he was tough when it came to the loss of a loved one the more, he knew it wasn’t true. He’d seen Sammy die many times, and vice versa, but for some reason nothing could prepare Dean for the sight he saw when he walked into what used to be a room. He called out for Sam, but he got no reply. He moved debris and rubble. He coughed and screamed for Cas. Still no reply from the graceless angel or the damaged hunter. Dean stopped in the middle of the room and listened for anything that would indicate that his brother or his angel were still thriving. A weak cough sounded from what looked like an old box spring. Dean scrambled through the debris and pulled away the mattress.
“I shall inform Sam that you are alive and well.” Dean gave a small smile and ran a hand through his hair.
He looked around for a second, but then he realized that Castiel still hadn’t popped his head up out of the water. Dean watched as a dark shadow rippled under the water, but otherwise didn’t get any closer. Suddenly feeling his heart drop down to his chest, he took a deep breath. Pushing off of the dock support he dived down to see Castiel floating in the water, falling steadily towards the bottom of the lake. Dean would have gasped had it not cost him air to breath and swam as fast as he could to catch up to the falling angel. His eyes wide as he took in Dean from his falling position. Dean managed to grab his outstretched hand and pulled him closer, grabbing him under the armpits before kicking as hard as he could to get to the surface. The combination of the strain and depth causing his lungs to scream in protest. Finally, he reached the surface and took a huge breath of air. Castiel watched Dean with a curious glance, seemingly unperturbed with having just nearly drowned. Dean still had his arms wrapped around Castiel as the angel seemed adamant to stay perfectly still while Dean beat his legs to keep them afloat.
“I learned that from the dishwasher repair man.” Dean let out a breathy laugh as he continued to take deep breaths. Castiel leaned back so that he could get the full look of Dean’s naked form in the midday sun. The water had turned into sweat and his body was glistening in a post orgasm glow. Cas looked ready to stand, but Dean scrambled up and grabbed onto Castiel’s tie, making the angel continue to sit.
“Thank you, I’ll be sure to let you know if the need arrives.” Castiel didn’t dislike Father Freely. He had spoken with him quite a few times before he asked him to help chaperone his summer activities. He had high aspirations and Castiel couldn’t fault him for that. He had the air of a cardinal if he ever met one. Castiel found that he was much more interested in staying put than he was in climbing the ranks. They continued to talk about seemingly nothing. They traded stories back and forth about people they had met, Castiel saying a soft ‘amen’ after every shared story. Castiel found that he was hypervigilant to the sound of cars driving behind him. The road wasn’t overly busy on a normal day, but every car that passed by had Castiel’s ears trained on the sound as it disappeared behind him. He didn’t know what it was he was looking for as his eyes continued to scan the children playing in the yard, but every car passing by was like a shiver down his spine. He realized that what he was listening for was the deep purr of Dean Winchester’s antique vehicle. Castiel didn’t linger on why his ears were listening for that sound, but he elected to shove it into the back of his mind as he gave a noncommittal response to Father Freely.
“We’ll have to get home to do our research.” Sam pointed out. He was writing in a notepad. Castiel mentally jotted down the name in his mind for him to see if he could pull up any information about the young boy as well. He had surely not buried the lad, so he was unsure of the circumstances surrounding the young boys death. They walked back through the graveyard and Castiel saw the black chevy glistening in the warm summer moonlight. He stopped on the sidewalk before the front doors and stared at the two brothers.
“Deans go back to bed.” Dean ran his hands through his hair and shook his head. Cas calmly moved to place a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked up in complete shock. They stared at each other for a long moment before Dean shot forward and hugged Cas. Cas hugged him back. Dean pulled back and looked at Cas’ face. He leaned forward and placed his forehead on Cas’.
“I thought I saw someone in the gallery earlier.” Castiel walked to the lectern, his worn and old bible sitting open to the last passage he had been reading from. Michael gave another look back at the gallery before turning back to Castiel.
“These times are when we must cling to one another and remember our generosity. Please see Deacon Neil for any more information. He has flyers to pass out to anyone who is interested.” There was a sort of rumble throughout the crowd. Movement drove his eyes up and he saw for the first time someone sitting in the back of the gallery. Their face was shroud in darkness, but Castiel could just make out a worn leather jacket. Castiel watched for a moment to see if they would move, but they only seemed to push themselves farther into the shadow of the gallery. “Take care of one another and have a blessed evening.” People started to gather up their belongings and children once more. Castiel had noticed that there were a few more singletons than the last time he gave sermon, and he took a deep breath at the thought of more parishioners joining their clergy. Castiel stepped out from behind the lectern and stepped down to help one of the older ladies in the front row.
“I’m glad to finally be here, Your Excellency.” Castiel was quick to follow as the Bishop led him further to the right of the transept, a door tucked away in the corner seemingly their destination.
Cas adjusted and used his free hand to reach down and cup Dean’s balls. The pressure of his hand alone sent Dean’s hips off the bench. Castiel would have grinned had he not had the man’s cock in his mouth.
“Come on, let’s go wait for your mom at the doors.” Caleb jumped up and walked ahead of Castiel. He led the way through the office, the hallway, and then all the way through the nave to the narthex. Castiel trailed behind a little bit as he processed the information that Caleb had given him. He heard a woman’s voice at the door and Caleb’s followed shortly after. Castiel walked out onto the sidewalk to see Caleb’s mother holding him in a tight hug.
“He’s a rookie. We’re showing him the ropes of the field.” She squints her eyes at them before she scowled. “Now,” Dean finished. “We’d like to talk to you about your sister.” The woman on the other side of the gate tensed her arms and sneered at them.
“I’ll be right back, I think I have just the thing.” Castiel didn’t even acknowledge him as Dean turned around and practically jogged to the front doors. A short time later, but long enough for Castiel to have finished cleaning the glass and what little money was in the alms box. The light from Castiel’s flashlight was barely enough to light up the small area let alone bright enough to light up the entire window for them to fix. He had knocked down the rest of the glass and cleaned that up as well when Dean returned with Sam, a bundle of opaque plastic in his hands. Castiel wanted to ask so many questions, but instead he just sent up a silent prayer as Dean unraveled the plastic.
without any  actual music playing. He may have slept with the bartender, but he may be on his last leg with the a capella Gloria Gaynor.
“No, this is my last week as a priest.” Castiel dragged his nails down Dean’s back and any opposition that was on his tongue quickly faded from thought. Castiel adjusted them so that he had one knee on the cushioned seat and the other leg holding them in place. Dean reached out now that his hands were free to do what they like. He started pulling at Castiel’s shirt, tugging it out of his slacks. Castiel found he couldn’t get enough of Dean’s lips. He nipped and licked and stole away Dean’s breath with every connection. Dean let out ragged grunts and groans as he kept getting distracted from touching Castiel’s skin. Eventually he was able to untuck his shirt and feel all the way up and down Cas’ chest. Cas broke their kiss to let out a breath moan as Dean’s fingers grazed his nipples.
“Anything?” Cas shook his head. Dean looked back down at the business cards and moved them to look at the names. “Is it just me or is it filthy in here? Like she hasn’t lived here in a few weeks?” Cas reached up and swiped at the counter. A cloud of dust rose up making both of them cough. They moved out of the kitchen and glanced around the house.
“It’s been a while, Michael.” Castiel couldn’t help the way his wings twitched when speaking with Michael.
“I have a long way to go before sainthood, Mrs. Hanson. Don’t let me go getting ahead of myself.” Castiel got into the narthex just as the door was opening to reveal a middle-aged woman and her teenage son. The wind kicked up and pulled the door from them. Castiel shivered a bit as he looked out into the storm.
While he was staring at the boy in the aisle another strike of thunder clapped overhead. As soon as it finished the boy seemed to move closer without ever moving his legs. The sudden approach startled Castiel and he fell back onto the dais. He grunted as his back hit the step, but his eyes never left the boy’s. A grimace overcame the young boys expression and Castiel felt his fingers start to go numb. The boy balled his fists as he approached. Castiel could feel his heart racing in his chest as he raised his arm to protect himself from whatever it was the boy was going to do. The blood in his ears covered up the sound of the upcoming footsteps.
“Looks inviting.” He got out of the car and fixed his tie. He walked around the car and Cas was walking on the sidewalk to the front door. Dean caught up easily with his long legs. He rang the doorbell and waited a few minutes before ringing it again. They were greeted by silence. Dean looked around before stooping to jimmy the lock. Cas looked around for signs that anyone might come by. Dean sat with his tongue between his teeth as he tried to get the lock to unlock. Finally, with one last twist the lock clicked open and Dean tried the handle. The door swung open with a creak. Dean looked around the neighborhood as Cas walked into the house. The house was old and smelled of mold and filth. There was a good layer of dust on everything. Dean went into the living room, hand on his gun, but not grabbing it until it was necessary. Cas walked into the kitchen. There were papers all over and not a trace of anything that might be relevant to the case. Cas spotted a few business cards on the table. Dean come in through a door on the other side of the kitchen and shook his head. He looked at the business cards for a second.
“Hey, Cas, no porn this time. I’m trying to sleep.” Dean downed the rest of his beer and threw it away. He flopped down on his bed and worked on taking his shoes off as Cas flipped through the channels, finally landing on an animal documentary. Dean took off his shirt and wriggled with his pants, all while he continued to lie on the bed with his eyes closed. Cas tilted his head to look behind him as Dean moved from on top of the covers to having them barely cover his bare chest. Cas saw Dean’s eyes open and looked back at the TV. “Oh good, that’ll put me to sleep in no time.” Dean closed his eyes again and within five minutes Cas could hear the soft snoring that was an indicator that Dean was asleep. Cas slowly tilted his head back again to look at his hunter. The hard edges to him wore off when he slept. Sam sat at the table by the small kitchen and read through some news articles. He had his father’s book open and his laptop at the other side of the table. Cas sat down at the table and looked over the news clippings and Sam noticed something on his laptop, so he brought it closer and began typing. Cas picked up a newspaper from the most recent dog napping and read the article. His eyes grew heavy and he yawned. Sam looked at him with a curious gaze. Cas swayed a little and his stomach made a soft rumbling noise.
“People think sin is a purely black and white detail. That all sins are equal and thus shall be punished equally. I find very rarely do people sin with the intent to do harm to their soul.” Castiel lifted his head off the back of the booth and spared a fleeting glance at the lattice work between them. He thought he saw a flash of something metal before Dean shifted slightly and the sight was gone.
Castiel woke up with a start when he heard something loud crash in the nave. He was quick to throw on his robe and run through his office to the hallway, grabbing the flashlight on the wall in his haste. He threw open the door leading to the nave and looked around at the scene he stumbled on. There was a broken window on the west side of the church, the glass shone brightly in his flashlight beam. Castiel walked over to the broken window and sighed heavily. He looked around at rest of the church and his heart lurched in his throat as he saw the open and nearly empty chest sitting strewn along the aisle. Castiel walked over, looking at the empty parish chest with a heavy heart. The edge of the chest was busted as if they had used a crow bar of sorts to force open the locks. There was only about five dollars in cash and a few other dollars in loose change at the bottom of the chest. Castiel sent up a silent prayer as he walked back to his office to phone the police.
Dean cleared his throat, trying to clear away some of the tension, “You were cold last night. I got you a blanket.” Cas looked around at the blankets currently wrapped around both of them.
“Are you playing a joke on me?” He raised his voice a little as he heard the other man’s voice on the line.
“Can you tell me about the person you saw, Caleb?” Castiel kept his hands on his thighs as he leaned into Caleb’s space. He wasn’t entirely sure why he was asking, part of him was sure the boy had merely been following an imaginary friend when he fell on the uneven land of the graveyard, but part of him was reminded of the scene at the altar, and the scratches on his arm.
“How did he die?” Castiel gave an askance look to Dean, but kept his head forward to look out the windshield. The city was behind them now and he could see they were a few streets at most from the church.
“Oh yes, Father, about that. I have several of my son’s jackets collecting dust in bins in my closet.” Castiel knew very little of her son, the most he knew was of the war that took him from her and the name she always prayed for during the quiet moments in the church. “I’ll see if my grandsons would be willing to bring them to you.”
“I can drive you.” Castiel tilted his head at the suggestion. Dean had the fliers held firmly against his chest with the hand that hadn’t reached out to grab him.
Dean collected himself to the present. “So, what are you saying? Dog catcher gone rabid?” Sam didn’t even look at Dean’s failed attempt at a joke. Cas watched the two converse in silence. He was content with sitting in the back, which smelt of Dean’s after shave, cheeseburgers, and the musky tang of leather. He looked around at the car and saw a balled-up piece of trash. Cas quietly put the cheeseburger wrapper in the to-go bag. Sam and Dean continued to bicker as the car pulled out and they started off. Cas had other modes of transportation – flying, bus, etc. – but he always enjoyed the way he felt when he landed in the back of the old Impala. He listened with one ear as the boys talked about the new case and the other ear was caught in a daydream. Dean had said something concerning the angel and Cas turned his full attention to the brothers. “Anything suspicious on your Angel Radar?” Cas tilted his head to the side and squinted at Dean.
“Father, something of the boy’s was left behind.” Sam said as he got closer, the EMF once again going silent. Sam was careful to pick his way to the other two men as the darkness was all encompassing in the church. Castiel could hear the wind raging outside as it caused the tarp on the window to dance noisily next to them. “Have you come to possess any new items recently? Something that would have been rather old?” Castiel took deep breaths as Dean moved to stand behind him and keep an eye out for the boy in case he appeared again.
“You probably did. He has a reputation around here.” Castiel couldn’t help the way his eyes darted back to the Bishop at the comment. "You'll see him every once in a while. He confesses, sometimes prays, and then he's off." Michael explained. Castiel looked around at the large nave of the church. A few people were praying on their own next to their bibles and others were lighting candles.
He walks in slowly, but a wave of shock takes over when he rounds the dividing wall only to see the Omega sprawled out on the floor, head resting on his arm as he leans his seemingly limp body over the toilet seat, but by the looks of it, he hadn't quite gotten to the actual vomiting stage that the position alludes to.
With that thought, Dean had carefully tucked the dark, ugly, fleeting feeling away, and decided for once to just enjoy himself. As they drew him into their discussion by asking his opinion on something the Omega was sure he wasn't remotely qualified to give but that the pair persisted on all the same, Dean found that he wouldn't mind Cas's gentle persuasions in joining them the next time around as much. He was pretty content in both the Beta and Alpha's company.
He knew the blush on his face, making him sweat just a little under his hoodie was now because of the utter embarrassment coursing through him, hands wringing for an entirely different reason. He needed to get them out of the room, and fast, before he made an even bigger fool of himself.
Dean finally shows up on stage while he's gone, when finally the door swings open to reveal a female Alpha standing on the other end.
Dean's head shoots up, that one simple word causing the muscles around his mouth to form the first real smile in long enough a time for the expression to feel foreign on his face. Cas wouldn't ever know what that one word would mean to him, how that single word made him feel weightless with relief.
“C-cas, please, need more,” the Omega stammers out as Castiel mouths at his neck, hips still grinding down as if he were already inside the Omega.
he gets these migraines that just pop out of nowhere sometimes, it's nothing bad or harmful, at least that's what he told me. I gave him a few pain killers, which usually helps, but then the vertigo kicked in and well you can see the result of that for yourself,” she explains, gesturing to the state Dean is in, but that knowledge is a small relief to the Alpha side of him, seeing his Omega so out of it and vulnerable in front of another Alpha, no matter that she most probably knew him a lot longer, and better, than he did, but maybe that was exactly part of his agitation as well.
Dean can't help but laugh at the last part, and squeezes the Alpha's hand as he says honestly, “Either way I'll enjoy it, Cas, I'm with you after all.”
“My best guess would have been the popular type, the Omega who had all the Alphas wrapped around their pinkie with those green eyes and freckled skin of yours, I'm at least certain you must have been a vision to see, even back then,” Castiel responds honestly, but he doesn't add that he would have probably been one of those Alphas that were half way in love with him, as much as a teenage boy could be anyway.
“Yeah?” Dean questioned, knowing it sounded more like fishing than the further reassurance he was actually craving to hear.
But the fucker just takes a seat with a smirk on his face, calling Dean right out on his admittedly shitty job of his attempted discrete evasive manoeuvres, “I'll just stay then, I guess,” Dean replies in return, finally relaxing back in his seat, not wanting to seem like a total asshole by running off yet again.
else? the Alpha thinks, knowing Dean had stopped trying to call him on a more or less regular basis a while ago, when Sam had been a complete jerk and had brushed his brother's constant mother-henning off as an annoyance, never knowing then how much he'd come to miss it.
Dean gives him a contemplative look, taking in the Alpha and seeming to be trying to deduce how he would have thought Castiel to be back in high school.
“So, how do you propose we do this then?” Castiel asks as he turns to the blank white wall Dean wants to have painted, going over to the container where they placed all the paint brushes and pulling one out for himself.
And in a similar not so whispery voice Garth replies, “That's Cast-something, and yep, definitely Dean's boyfriend, vibes I'm getting man.”
Castiel tells them everything, about the crush he had harboured for the Omega since the first time he saw him, how devastated he was when he found out that he had missed his chance when Dean had started going out with Michael and his resolve to finally pursue the Omega when Gabriel had told him they had slit up a few months ago just before Dean went half-way across the world for his job.
The familiar lyrics draws an unbidden laugh from the Omega’s lips, and when he opens his eyes to look up at the Alpha as his lips stretch into a smile, he finds the man staring down at him, dark brow quirked in question, silently prompting the Omega to explain his sudden outburst.
For some reason that upset him, she didn't know him either and she was willing to send him home with someone who was a stranger to her? Not that Castiel would ever harm him, but it was the principle of the matter.
At the thought of some strange person having their hands all over Dean, Castiel unconsciously tightens his grip around Dean in a protective gesture, “And you trust me?”
So, some of you have been asking if this will have a happy ending, and let me just say, I will never ever write anything that contributes to the cliche of LGBTQ relationships having sad endings, I've watched and read all I can take of this trope to know that I am completely over it, no matter how good the stories were, life is already too depressing for any form of sad endings to seep into my place of escape!
No to all of it, he wasn't ready, wasn't ready for the illusion he and Dean had created for themselves to be shattered yet. He wasn't ready to just up and
There were three people lined up before Dean, and to his credit Garth had been right, nobody really cared to watch the singers up on the stage besides their own little groups of friends, everybody engrossed in either their meals or working their way towards getting outright smashed for the night.
Before he can finish his sentence though, Hannah takes hold of his forearm in a gentle grip and wraps it around her own, patting it soothingly as she steers them in the opposite direction Dean has intended to walk.
It’s the first words that come out of his mouth, the greeting too loud and enthusiastic and presumptuous, making him cringe internally. Maybe Cas didn't want any company (
He feels heat pooling in his lower belly at the self-righteous words and look on Cas’s face, his Alpha defending his honour, and although it was obviously too late, he feels a swell of love for the man above him, who so readily stood up for an eighteen-year-old Dean nobody else had looked out for. Not for the first time he laments the fact that he hadn’t met Cas sooner, and even though Cas had said he was a lot different, Dean thinks he would’ve loved any version of his Alpha just the same. But he can’t promise Cas what he wants, knows this was something he would never not feel shame for.
Dean often felt like he was living one massive, on-going masquerade, people wearing masks, and putting on a performance, constantly pretending to be someone else, and it scared him how much he was a part of the show too. He supposed, having been raised with John as his role model, he was bound to pick up a few tricks on how to build and weave together his own clay structure, but his father was a master when it came to playing pretend.
Dean turns his head around and stares up at the ceiling as he starts to explain, “Back when I was younger, we weren't exactly well-off. My dad moved us around a lot, looking for jobs at any place that would take him.”
And there it was, Castiel thought, the stumble he was looking for as he sat listening, disguising his own satisfaction as giving John his undivided and rapt attention.
And that was one thing he couldn't hide even if he tried. No matter what pleasing mask he had put on that day, each and every one had deep lacerations slashed down the middle as frantic green eyes searched the room, brows furrowed in thought, shaking hands not calming down no matter how many times he tried, checking his phone to see if Cas hadn't maybe left him a message, his mind completely lost on the blue-eyed man that had crept under his skin.
The singer had him there, but he still thought Dean was wrong, really fucking wrong. Even though he was the younger of the two, Sam had him beat in the romance department and he knew Castiel looked at Dean like he was the only person worth taking note of, the only person worth his attention, and not in the starstruck kind of way. He’s seen enough of those looks directed at his friend than even Dean was aware to know whatever was happening between them wasn’t some celebrity worship going on.
“Fuck, you’re so tight,” Castiel panted in a low rough voice as his finger moved in and out and in and out of the younger man. Not before long adding another finger as he fucked Dean’s body with two of his thick, long fingers, trying to spread as much lube around and in his hole as he could.
With the way Dean’s hips start rolling, it doesn’t take long for Castiel’s cock to thicken in his slacks, and the Omega must feel it as he shifts his weight until his ass is
Just as Rob made that announcement, John stepped back in, and Dean felt another pang of nerves wash over him when instead of collecting his own things from the sound room where he had been monitoring the recordings, he made his way over and stepped into the booth with Dean.
Dean can see the man's pupils expand as the smell of the Alpha's musky, earth laden scent of arousal starts to actively seep from his pores in greater quantities. The delicious scent causing the Omega to instinctually lean in so he can breath in more of that intoxicating scent as he starts to mouth across Cas's stubbled jawline to get a taste of the Alphas natural essence.
Cas has a smile of his own plastered on his face and it slowly shifts to a devilish smirk when he tightens his hand in Dean's hair and whispers, “Oh, don't worry about that, I've got plans for you not to leave my bed for the next week if things could go my way, and have you moaning and begging for me not to stop.”
“Awesome, okay, let me get his things and help you get him out to your car. We can use the back exit, no way do I want all those people and photographers seeing him like this, they'd probably spin this as him being too doped up to have modelled tonight or something equally scandalous, damn vultures, all of them.”
But the writer shies away from the epiphany as fast as he can, the little warmth that seeped in with Dean's words being snuffed, and it all gets lumped and trapped together with that
, that would be great, thanks.” Dean responds in his most scathing tone. He didn't need this right now, his night was going good so far and he wasn't about to let the Beta ruin it for him.
Seriously, check this man's songs out, I promise it'll be worth it, it gets to the level of depth and feel I invest into this story so so much, it's constantly on play when I'm writing this.
It worked every time. Castiel could admit he felt a sharp swoop in his gut at what John was saying, but he buried it far down into the depths of his mind, this wasn't the time and sure as hell wasn't the place to get distracted from what was happening at this exact moment.
“No, but you did say you’re agreeing to go with me,” Dean replies, grinning in satisfaction that it was so easy to get Cas on board with going out. Before Cas can object, he starts walking back out, with his grin turning into a genuine smile as he says, “Awesome! Meet me outside my room in five minutes.”
Looking up with a jolt, he notices a woman standing, or more like crouching next to him, so as not to block the view of the runway for the audience he supposes, although there was only one more row behind him (it was the only seat Gabriel could swing on such short notice since these things were booked months in advance, but that was fine with Castiel, he wasn't exactly here to review the latest clothing lines by so and so anyway). A tag was dangling around her neck, and the bold letters reading 'CREW' were easy to see from how close she was.
He looked on, taking his time to allow the warm liquid to travel down his throat, burning his insides at the shock of heat, not having bothered to test if it was at the right temperature for consumption or not.
It amazes Dean that that corny, yet adorable reply could get him all flustered, blushing to the roots of his hair and making goose bumps appear on his skin from the sudden hot flush that contrasted with the still low temperature of his body.
The time differences made it hard to even speak with the Omega and that coupled with both of their busy schedules, which never seemed to line up well, made it all the worse since he only had texts to go on.
Their conversation flowed throughout their actual dinner and after. Castiel couldn't help but acknowledge how nice spending time, like this, with Dean was. The Omega was funny and easy to talk to. He didn't feel the need to censor himself as much as he usually would if he were on a date with somebody when he got into the topic of the kind of research he did at the university and about the classes he taught. Although Dean didn't participate much in that line of conversation, except for asking a few questions here and there, with some self-deprecation on his part when he didn't understand something, but Castiel ignored his unflattering remarks about himself and truthfully, those questions were what excited him the most, knowing Dean was genuinely interested and not tuning him out in boredom.
, Castiel thinks, and not just because of the clothes or make-up. He had a feeling the Omega would be just as mesmerising even if he was stripped bare of everything...
Lost in his musing and trying to find a way to smooth things over, the writer almost missed the soft spoken voice of the singer beside him saying, “Just try'na make conversation, is all.”
Castiel shifted and reached for the cup of coffee John's assistant had placed in front of him mere moments after he had taken a seat, the young lady having seemingly vanished once John had waved her away after she had asked if there was anything else he needed from her.
-normal his relationship with John was. He had made friends and found solace in being around other people, but John's hold had been rooted down deeper than any of theirs had, keeping Dean quiet, and his secrets tucked close to his chest in fear.
Although,Dean had always had his suspicions that the elusive nature he had going on wasn't a ploy at trying to be cool or seem mysterious or anything, he thought the Alpha might have genuinely not been interested in any one of them. It was why Dean had never bothered approaching him in the first place, his lack of interest made it pretty obvious he wasn't very much impressed with what he had to see, so the Omega had steered clear.
He didn’t need Dean to save him, not from a past that couldn’t change, not from all those bad memories that he kept locked away inside him. All his life he had thought he had become too cold, too distant from a humanity he couldn’t hope to recognize anymore, couldn’t relate to. He had thought having somebody that loved him was the key, the thing that could bridge the gap that kept on growing and growing and growing with each passing year because he never bothered to let anyone in enough to care.
“Aren't all fourteen year olds? Sometimes crushes and love can mean the same thing at that age,” Castiel immediately cringes at his words, at how condescending they could sound even though that wasn't the intention.
It was tempting, so so tempting, but, loath he to admit it, he had other issues that were more pressing than his love-sick heart that demanded his all his attention and time. And in an effort to reign himself in, he dived head first into the work and research he knew he couldn’t put off forever.
“I'm leaving for Paris on Monday,” Dean blurts out quietly, not bothering to beat around the bush in breaking the news to the Alpha. He didn't want to ruin this moment, but he knew Gabriel was right, he needed to tell Cas sooner rather than later or he'd just end up making it worse by managing to only tell the Alpha the day he had to board the fucking plane, knowing that would happen if he didn't do it then, which  would probably hurt Cas more.
“Does this have anything to do with that little meeting you had, then?” Dean asks wearily and somewhat cheekily as he states the obvious.
“Castiel.” It was rare that Gabriel used his full name, and when he did it almost always meant he was in serious mode. Castiel was both grateful that he had such a supportive brother and cursing at himself for spilling his rather well hidden secret when he got wasted after hearing that another Alpha had made a move on the Omega he was, okay, whatever,
Just then, a woman interrupts them as she comes up to the two, “Excuse me, Mr. Winchester, I was instructed to help you get changed?”
“Because I asked her, and trust me, she had no maternal concerns plaguing her when she left me that day. She wanted a new life, and I wasn’t a part of her future plans. It was as simple as that Dean, nothing more,” Cas sais, a sharp edge of reprimand aimed at Dean, causing the singer to curl in on himself in apology.
His patience finally wearing thin, the Alpha soon ducks his head down to take one of the Omega's nipples into his mouth, sucking hard and laving his tongue over the sensitive flesh after, leaving Dean moaning out and writhing on the bed as the Alpha pays extra attention to the sensitive nubs.
Cas. The writer could say what he wanted to, but Dean was pretty much all he had right now since he wasn’t that into making friends while he was this far from home.
since Dean’s left. It’s not…” he paused trying to find the right words, “I’ve been on edge ever since he’s left, I can’t explain it, but it’s as if there’s this
he probably could expect them to want more and for them to dive a little deeper than what was already out there about him, and that was fine, as long as he could be in control of what they saw, what he showed of himself, everything would be fine.
“‘M here Alpha,” the Omega says, voice soft and low as he tears his eyes away from a view that would have once left him awestruck, but now simply expanded that deep aching void inside him. He turned his eyes to the floor beneath him instead, staring at the way his fingers had unconsciously moved as they started twisting and pulling at a loose thread in the hem of his pyjama pants.
The Omega isn't able to have this last much longer though, looking down, breath hitching in his throat as he pleads, “A-alpha please, need you inside me. Now.”
Saturday morning Dean finds himself sitting at his lounge table, staring in contemplation at his phone. He's debating whether or not he should give his brother a call so they could maybe meet up some time.
Although that probably had more to do with the fact that they weren’t exactly called correction institutions, instead they were masked as camps that were meant to ‘save’ Alphas from their own natural inclinations and instincts, save them from being mindless ‘knotheads’ and brutes, as they were taught how to behave in more proper and civil manners, so they could end up being more productive members of society.
Looking on the bright side, he knew exactly who he could gift the apple pie he had made to, impressing the Alpha with the awesomeness that was his baking skills couldn't hurt his prospects any, and could maybe even convince Cas to keep him around just a little bit longer.
Imperceptibly shaking his head a bit to clear it from the stupor he finds himself in as well as giving a small cough to clear his throat before he speaks lest his voice come out as abnormally high-pitched he fears it would from the ball of nervous energy that got lodged there, Castiel replies, “Thank you, and you look...very nice, as well.”
Although knowing about the place's existence, Dean hasn't ever been here before, so walking in, his eyes start to rove everywhere, taking in the brown stone walkway and the vast grounds of grass spread out on either side of them, with the Omega spotting a large pond lining what looks to be a restaurant that's closed for the night in the far distance. There are trees lining the path, the fairy lights in them coupled with the sparse lighting from the short bushes below the trunks the only source of light that illuminates the place as they follow the path, with a few employees standing as markers for the direction they have to go in since the path makes a few diverging directions.
John could afford to lose that pawn if it meant he would win the game in the end. A man freely willing to sacrifice anything.
If there was one thing Dean hated the most about his job, it was the constant travelling. Moving from one place to the next on a weekly, sometimes daily basis had gotten old pretty quickly. He could admit, he had been excited at the prospect of going to different places, meeting new people and just exploring what the world had to offer at one point in his life, but the idea of it turned out to be more beautiful than the reality.
“Let's get this over with,” Dean said, after having placed the glass back on the counter as he turns around, heading out the bathroom door.
Ending the call, and before Dean can ask anything Cas says, “That was Jo, I gave her my phone number and address last night at her rather demanding insistence. She couldn't get a hold of you just now, and phoned me instead to let you know she'll be here in about five minutes to pick you up.”
And just like that the scale had been tipped, losing its balance, the writer and singer knowing there wasn’t anything remotely professional about them anymore. This was more than some job for Castiel, more than Dean wanting a favour, wanting an escape.
When he had arrived and walked into the elaborate set-up for the event, he knew he had stepped into a world he definitely did not belong in. He felt sorely out of his depth when he had been venturing around amid all the over-dressed people meandering around making small talk, with more than one giving him looks of disdain when they sized him up.
Cas wasn't saying anything, and Dean felt compelled to reassure him in case he was trying to find a way to reject Dean's request, “You can say no if you want to, I know you were only assigned to write a front page worthy article about me, and I might not be the most fascinating person, it was just an idea is all, and well, you're already here, so I thought might as well...”
Dean knew that Sam must've had enough saved up by now to go off to Stanford like he originally planned to do, since there were a few perks to being a PA of a multi-millionaire who actually gave a fuck about his employees' salaries, but the rush of gratefulness he feels for Sam sticking by his side (a decision that yet still confused Dean) is quickly hacked up, bit by bit, as the unrelenting regret and guilt he feels comes crashing down, always seeming to rear up and sit heavy on his chest whenever he thought about what just existing in Dean's universe did to Sam. He sees it there, in the brief flash of pure relief in those hazel eyes when Sam spots Dean making his way out of the bathroom.
Only once Castiel feels the wet flood of the Omega’s slick along his cock does he feel the tightness there, so familiar as the skin stretches along his base though not all the way as it would in his rut.
He comes fully awake some time later, fluttering his eyes open, being met with the warm ray of sun shining through the curtains of the room he was in. Groaning and looking towards the night stand, he sees the digits of the clock reading; 14:30.
“Hmm, with the filthy sounds you’re making at being bitten we’re clearly a good match then,” Cas responded, his own voice sounding a lot more as if he was pushing ten packs of cigarettes a day with the deep rough rasp it had going on.
“You ready?” Cas whispered to him as Dean felt the slight pressure of a warm and wet finger circling around his asshole, Cas’s other hand trailing lightly along one of his quivering thighs, before cupping and spreading his cheeks open for easier access to that warm, tight space his cock would be fucking in a minute.
Cas looked away this time, not being able to meet Dean’s eyes as he said, “That she simply didn’t and had never wanted me. It was as simple as that Dean, she had never wanted me.”
thought I was. So I picked fights, most of the time where there were none and skipped school, the whole lot.” Castiel explains and finally comes out of his musings when he catches himself saying more than he had planned to.
He came out of his musings and looks up at Cas when he registers the strong, warm feel of Cas's hand covering his own, which were clasped tightly around his coffee mug, his thumb gently caressing the space between his own and the side of his wrist, “You could never be a lost cause, Dean, any Alpha would be lucky to have an Omega like you,” and Dean had to smile at the sincerity he saw there in the blue gaze, not bothering to correct Cas that this was the one thing he ever bothered to do for
When Dean asked if he wanted to 'hang out' this wasn't exactly what he had been imaging, but then again he hadn't been thinking much of the actual activity part of it either.
Dean snorted out a laugh he couldn't hold back, Cas actually looks put out that he had to wear something else, and he freaking used air quotes,
The Omega doesn't say anything, feeling his own embarrassment spike, but in the end he still takes his phone out of his pocket anyway, fingers typing out, '
what Dean had been expecting when Cas said they were going to watch a movie. It had taken them about twenty minutes to make their way to this apparent destination, which to Dean's surprise was the well-known hiking trails that if travelled from the opposite side of the mountain where they were, would lead hikers to green garden fields located up on the ridge of a mountain.
He wasn't looking at Cas anymore, he couldn't seem to meet the Alpha's gaze at his admission that he had neglected his body to the point where simple, low-level blockers might even be dangerous, even though with his last appointment, his doctor had mentioned that he was out of the red zone and in the clear.
He can’t help what he does next, body moving before he even thinks about it as he suddenly steps froward, embracing her as he lays his head on her shoulder and wraps his arms around the Alpha’s shoulder, offering her both the only comfort he could and gratitude for her words.
It’s all the Alpha needs and with one final push he stills inside Dean, come flooding his Omega’s hole, making an even bigger mess as his balls empty alongside the slick heat of his Omega’s channel.
Placing his hands on either side of the Omega's face, raising it so that they were staring at each other, the Alpha asks in a deep, guttural voice, “Are you sure this is what you want, Dean?”
But his dad had groomed him to be his perfect little soldier and made sure his lessons stuck like sticky, slick black residue staining Dean's soul with its imprints. Lessons that refused to be ignored when Dean got ideas about his own sense of self-worth.
“No reason. Just wanted to know when I'll be able to see you next.” The omega’s face is filled with confusion, and although Castiel usually shies away from these fashion events Gabriel drags him to, he’ll gladly suffer through one if he gets to see his beautiful omega all dolled up during and after the show.
It was these thoughts, haunting him again that night in his hotel room that had Dean tossing and turning the entire evening, unable to sleep, even though the hotel boasted having luxury memory foam mattresses in all its rooms (as a kid, before he knew what memory foam actually was, he had liked the idea of having a mattress that remembered him, even once he was gone), which was one sure-fire way that could lead him to passing right the fuck out once his body hit the bed.
Stepping in the building, he nods his greeting to the secretary manning the front of the desk, but she doesn't bother with him when she recognizes who the Alpha is as she instead goes back to doing her work. Message received, Castiel veers off down the hallway in search of the studio room Gabriel set up in this time, and it doesn't take him too long to spot which of the multitude of studio rooms it is when he hears the sound of boisterous music coming from the direction of one of the back rooms.
Cas does good on his word as he comes back into the bedroom not two minutes later, with a condom in hand. Before he can put it on though, Dean sits up and scoots to the edge of the bed, staying his hand as he takes the condom from the Alpha's grasp.
Shoving his foot into his worn out converse sneaker, he gave himself a quick once over. Of course, only doing so to check whether he looked presentable or not.
But before he even gets three doors down the row to his left, he feels the soft touch of a finger poking him in the shoulder.
“Hmph, yeah, well next time, you should just tell 'em you have a boyfriend, and to fuck off, she was practically drooling all over you! And don't you dare fall for that sweet little angel voice either, Abaddon is a total bitch.”
But uncle Bobby seemed to have other ideas as he steps further into the room, the harsh scent of his anger wafting in the small space of the room as he eyes the Alpha, “Why the hell-'re yer say that for boy?” His accent going thicker as his anger and annoyance boils over.
“Cas, please, please,” Dean moaned out, not really knowing what he was asking for, what he needed, but he trusted Cas, he seemed to know what Dean’s body wanted more than he even did apparently.
And there was no time like the present to do just that, “We’ll just have to strongly disagree on that then. You’re worth more than you know, Dean, least of all the time and effort it would take to get to know you. It’s okay if you don’t believe me right now, it just means I have a lot more convincing to do is all.”
Dean had once read an article about him from some journalist he honestly couldn't even remember speaking to. It was a mocking and humiliating thing to read, the fine print stating how he was just some pretty face without any talent, and how he would probably never be anything without his managing team as a crutch for his skeleton of a personality.
But Dean isn't looking at the Alpha, even as he directed the greeting at the man, instead those deep green eyes were slanted in challenge towards the other Omega as she moves closer to Cas, cocking her hip and raising an eyebrow at the intrusion posed by Dean's sudden appearance.
Raising an eyebrow at the slight disbelief in Cas's tone, Dean takes a sip of his beer and says, “Nah, I mean, after being part of all this,” making a wide gesture to the crowd in general, having no other way to explain all that accompanied what went with his specific career, “for the past coupl'a years, I definitely developed an appreciation for all the bazaar fashion that's come up, no doubt, but that whole accountant vibe you got going on suits you a lot better, and besides that you look more
With the Alpha's focus zeroed in on the Beta, tracking every one of his movements, he was caught off-guard when he had felt a tentative hand being placed on his shoulder. When he saw that it was Dean touching him, the raging emotions he felt calmed down a little. Though he still felt the tendrils of rage coursing through his blood, the Alpha was less concerned about the threat of the Beta, and more interested in what the Omega was doing.
But it was gone. Not a single trace left behind anymore as with frantic movements the Alpha had trudged like a man gone insane, the Alpha trying to search out its mate. But there was nothing, not even on the bedsheets Castiel felt compelled not to change since Dean’s departure, where his scent had seeped in and been the most potent.
? Huh, didn't take you for the rom-com type,” Castiel says as he reads out the title of the movie as it flashes across the screen in the intro credits, tilting his head in confusion at Dean's choice.
But not one to be bested, Dean had gotten him back when he casually mentioned the little crush the Omega had spotted Gabriel harbouring for Kali, his new secretary. And Dean was more than a little proud when he saw the slack jawed expression Gabriel had turned on him, as if he were shocked that he had been found out, with the Omega rolling his eyes at him in response, because honestly, the Beta was one of the most transparent people he had ever come across, he practically wore his emotions on his sleeve.
He's smirking in the picture, with his hair still dripping wet from the water that had been splashing all over him, and although it got in his face as well, the water-proof make-up is still intact. His face wasn't caked with the stuff, since the make-up artist had focused mostly on his eye area while everything else looked pretty natural. She had given him a slight, not too dramatic, black smoky eyed look, which made the green of his eyes seem darker and more intense and more comparable with the emerald colour of his attire. It was coupled with silver-white glittery eye-shadow and what Dean thought as a cluster of clear, white rhinestones that looked like little diamonds glued to either side of his eyes, running along his temples down to the upper area of his cheek-bones. It looked kinda cool to him, actually, and their work was probably what would always impress him the most.
, Dean has a moment to think, “Well, if it makes you feel any better, I prefer you with the coat, looked good on you.”
“C-cas, no marks, ‘kay?” Dean managed to get out between the deep breathes of air he was taking, knowing the request probably came out a bit too late with how foggy his mind had gone, resting his forehead on the writer’s shoulder, hoping to get his body under control, though an impossible feat as he still stood chest to chest with Cas, feeling the man's hand stroking gently through the strands of his hair, the touch so different from the wild, hungry touches he had experienced only moments before.
Even if his knot weren't fully formed outside of his rut to keep himself hard and heavy plugged in Dean's body, the Alpha doesn't bother to withdraw yet, staying nestled inside the warm channel even as the feelings of over-stimulation starts to mar his post-orgasm glow. Instead he turns their bodies until he's spooning Dean, the Omega nestled tightly in his arms and against his chest, feeling the need to keep the him close, not wanting to let him go just yet. And that's how they stay, the Alpha holding tightly onto the Omega, as sleep eventually overtakes them both.
The feeling doesn’t last long though, not when Castiel manhandles him until the Omega is on his back, clothes divested and body bare before his back hits the rug, knees falling open in welcome as his Alpha drapes his bulky frame over the softer curves of his Omega.
Things hadn't always been like this between them, they had actually been pretty close growing up, bound to be with all the shit they went through together. But when Sam hit high school, he started to become more vocal about John's choice in parenting skills and their constant moving around, with Dean always ending up in the middle of their frequent fights, trying to smooth things over. Dean knew Sam hated the times he would inevitably defend John, making it seem like he was taking John's side by not always agreeing with whatever Sammy had been arguing about with John, he could never understand how Dean was okay with any of it, and subsequently shut him out at the end too, even if it was never that simple for Dean. It was ironic that John always criticized him on that very fact as well, that he refused to speak out like Sam did, which just left Dean fighting a battle he couldn't ever hope to win.
Putting his phone down, Dean couldn't ignore the bubble of excitement in the pit of his stomach that made him feel as if he both wanted to throw up and jump up and down to let out all the excess energy that coursed through his body. He had only known Cas about a month now, and he couldn't help but think that giving him his number that night was one of the best things he had ever done.
Green eyes shift back to staring at the carpeted floor, watching, but not seeing as fingers embrace, leaving red-streaked imprints on pale flesh as they fidget and twist in their familiar dance, “After,” Dean pauses taking another breath and letting it go on a sigh as the memories long-buried now come racing back, “After I signed with my label, I-I didn't know everything would happen so fast, took so long to get recognised, ya know? But, not even a week later we had to move again so we'd be closer to the studio and people we'd work with. And I don't know, I just didn't want to say goodbye again, so me and Lisa, we decided to try the whole long-distance thing.”
Sometimes he would wonder if this loss came from him having skipped the whole 'self-discovery' stage every teen was bound to go through, even if at the end they never found exactly who they were, at least they had a starting point by the end. He grew up in this industry, and he would forever be a product of what they created. He was always something other people wanted him to be, and for the longest time it never really bothered him, until it did.
Dean tilts his head without much prompting when Castiel starts to nose along the column of his neck, but before he’s even aware of what he’s doing a growl starts to build in his chest once he reaches Dean’s mating gland, his brain processing that his own usual musk that clung to the Omega’s skin was absent, along with the dark, deep bruise he had left there before Dean had left.
“Was he always so...”Castiel trails off, not knowing exactly how to describe Ash, or Garth for that matter.
he found it ridiculously hot that Cas seemed to be a rather hairy guy, which was no surprise really what with the thick mane of hair and perpetual beard the man had.
“What’s gone Dean?” The Alpha questioned, his own heart starting to speed up from where he sat in his office, thousands of miles away, though trying to restrain his own frantic feelings as his Alpha brain thrashed at hearing its intended in such distress, but it would have done the situation no good if they both had been too worked up in that moment.
He's sure that's the end of it, Cas probably telling him that to clear his conscious or whatever, “We could still, you know, go out. On a date,” the Alpha responds and
Because at the end of the day, Bobby knew deep inside, the both of them were still those same two scared little boys who had ran and cried out after John as his car drove away down that same old dirt road at the bottom of Sam's window. Their father never being one to hesitate and leave his sons at the Beta's doorstep whenever his wayward ways called him to the open road, and one who came crawling back each and every time his Omega nature drew him back to the children of the Alpha he wished he'd never submitted to, something Bobby knew was the biggest regret of his friend's life, once he was faced with the reality of having to raise their children alone when she died in that godforsaken house fire. And looking at Sam now, and remebering back to Dean's defensivness whenever Bobby had tried to draw him in with his own gruff version of affection, the Beta knew Jonh Winchester had never been one to hold back in showing them just how much they were unwanted and unloved.
Castiel never let it go on too long though, still mindful that they were in a rather crowded room in his brother's workplace no less and as he pulls away, he smirks at Dean's dazed expression, wanting to tease the Omega a bit as he says, “You're cute when you're jealous.”
The one where the blade had gone too far, gone too deep, over and over and over again. He couldn’t remember much, but he somehow remembered the swooping acidic sensation of his own heart breaking, seeing the wet-pools of pain he had put in those young, innocent hazel eyes.
Not saying anything more, Bobby turns around and heads back out of the room, but before he shuts the door he takes one last look at Sam, seeing how he starts to twiddle with that old, worn-out skull bracelet Dean had always worn when he was younger, a gesture he had seen from the boy whenever he got that same faraway look in his eyes, as if he were reliving some distant memory he was desperate to hold onto, maybe one where he and Dean weren't so terrified to face one another.
And he didn’t know what to do with any of the emotions Cas was starting to make him feel. He didn’t know how to stop the want, and adoration and happiness and fucking
Yet, at the same time, shame and guilt washes over him at what he was knowingly leading Cas into. Because the truth of the matter, which he wouldn't ever share with Cas, even as he was preparing to lay himself bare to the blue eyed man in front of him, right down to the secrets he had buried deep in the recesses of his childhood memories, was that Dean never wanted Cas to write his biography so much as his eulogy.
But they were all speaking one over the other so he was barely keeping up with the conversation as it was and to be honest he rarely kept up to date with the latest political news, considering the busy schedule he had.
making it so that Dean could feel Cas's body heat radiating through the thigh that was touching his.
I realized I definitely have to be in a certain frame of mind to write this story, so sorry if it'll be slow going!
When he had offered to get Deann another drink and navigated his way back to the booth only to find that Beta crowding Dean and leaning in to breathe along the soft hollow of his neck, the spot where the Omegan mating gland was usually situated, something in the Alpha had snapped. He could almost feel that moment when the baser Alpha side of his brain took charge, controlling all his actions and behaviour from that point on out.
“Again!” Came the loud booming voice of the obnoxious dance instructor. Castiel gritting his teeth for about the hundredth time that day.
that he’s only mentioned you of course, but there was Balthazar, who he mentioned he worked with too and, and...”
As he ruts and pushes, not being able to help himself the Alpha’s mouth moves back to his bite, teeth scraping and tongue soothing. His thrusts become frantic and uncoordinated and he bites down even harder than before, tasting just the hint of iron, his Omega moaning as loudly as he is able when his voice had already gone ragged and raw.
lying pressed up against Cas, being surrounded by their mixed scents. Strangely, he had thought this was the moment when things would have gotten awkward between them, but he was surprisingly more comfortable with the Alpha than what he should be.
him into speaking about it, or getting some type of professional help, fuck what his dad said. And Dean had repaid his concern by just exploding on him, telling Sam that he was nothing more than a charity case and should just stick to his god-damned job, that it was none of his business even though he had probably embedded that dreadful scene forever in Sam's subconscious, very much making it his business.
His body automatically scrambles itself to sit more upright, with Dean clearing his throat as he says, “Oh, sorry. Didn't know anybody would be here, I-I'll just, uh, go?” He didn't exactly mean for that to come out as a question, but all the same his moment of solitude had been disrupted and he fully expected to leave. And really it was too damn early for any form of interview related conversation if the writer wanted to hop on the opportunity in finding a rare moment of Dean being alone. But he still can't quite hide the disappointment marring his features when he looks back over the city and realizes he wouldn't be able to see the view of the sun cresting over the mountain range after all.
Dean’s eyes, having been closed tightly shut so he could concentrate on every push inward of his Alpha’s large member, suddenly pops open as he feels an added pressure at his entrance, body shifting seemingly of their own as he parts his knees further, a position he
Only, their moment is suddenly interrupted by the buzzing of a phone and Cas groans in disapproval but reluctantly pulls away from Dean anyway, giving him one last brush of his lips against the Omega's before he goes to reach for his phone on the dining table opposite the kitchen.
With his back turned, twiddling about with his phone before the Omega hears, volume turned up just a little louder, the beginning notes of soft, soothing piano notes drifting through the room.
“Okay, I think we've got it, good job Dean,” Rob, one of the sound guys at the studio had stated through the microphone, and the moment the words registered, Dean felt his body instantly sagging in exhaustion. He had only had a few minutes' of sleep here and there for the past forty-eight hours, and he was just about ready to crash.
A lanky Omega makes their way to the group and wraps Dean up in a hug too, “Where the hell have you been, man? Ellen is gonna be piiissed.”
Cas fucks him right through his orgasm, but his movements become less coordinated as he nears his own pleasure. With a final grunt of his own, he comes in Dean's ass, the Omega feeling the pulses of the Alpha's cock as his seed fills the condom.
They haven’t said the words yet, Dean knew he had come close at the airport, so so close, but his insides had frozen over, had gone stiff and numb as he held onto his Alpha, his Omega side, which had been so fearless and strong and brave, taking a chance on this Alpha, knowing he would be worth it, but still, he had remained silent, had curled up, scared and afraid of the possible rejection. The crushing heartbreak he knew would come from Cas turning him away, something Dean didn’t think he would ever be able to come back from.
It was a dark and ugly feeling and he tried to shove it away, but today just fucked him up since that morning, and he couldn't help seeing his current feelings for what they were.
Castiel didn't want to even entertain the idea of that thought, there could have been other reasons why the Omega hadn't shown up yet, like a wardrobe malfunction or something. Those things happened at these things, right?
“Sweetheart, hey, what’s wrong?” Cas said, tone concerned as he most definitely heard the desperate note in Dean’s greeting.
Michael sighs and the look he gives Dean is slightly condescending, like he expected Dean to have seen this coming, to have figured out why, during the past minute of him saying he wanted to break up.
John Winchester seemed like  another headache all on his own, and if Dean was anything like the pompous ass, Castiel knew there would be no hope of them ever getting along. Even though he was here to get to know who 'The Dean Winchester' was, John seemed to have inserted himself as dutiful bullshitter in trying to sell his son's golden child image to the writer and it was aggravating as fuck.
But so far, Sam had proven to be one of the few good choices he had ever made, since regardless of his age, he had taken up the job of being his personal assistant way more seriously than Dean had anticipated, even when Dean knew this was far from his ideal career of being a lawyer.
“If you're ready, then...” Castiel trails off, their staring becoming a bit too long, even for them, as each takes in the sight of the other.
It wasn't exactly what Castiel had been expecting, although he hadn't been specifically expecting much at all. It was a wooden-type building, with the sign reading, 'Harvelle's Roadhouse' lit up in the front.
Concerned, most of all, with knowing the fact that he didn’t much mind being concerned about these things. Not anymore. Because against his better judgement, against all his efforts of not falling for the singer, he had, and he fell hard.
Castiel’s hand seems to move of its own accord as he gently places it on the side of the sleeping Omega’s face, and slowly, his thumb caresses the smooth skin beneath his palm.
Dean hadn't been part of that conversation, not that he ever was when it came to contracts he would take on. His dad had been his manager ever since he was thrown into the industry at thirteen, and now at twenty-two, little in the decisions that were made regarding his future had changed. But considering that his career had taken off before he could even comprehend the accomplishments he made, managing to have a multitude of his songs hit gold and platinum, having numerous albums of the year and to top it all off, at the age of nineteen he had even managed to nab himself a Grammy, Dean figured regardless of that fact, he was still basically living his dream right?
So they basked in each other’s presence, Dean’s eyes fluttering and opening, only to be reassured by his Alpha’s gentle caresses and ocean blues, random music Castiel had plugged in playing quietly through the speakers in the background as the fire he had also set up warming and lighting up the room.
Once he finally gets himself a little more under control, with sharp, narrowed eyes, Dean looks up at Cas, “You're the worst, ya know that?” And he was, knowing that that wouldn't be a practical possibility since Dean's schedule never allowed for more than one day off between shoots and shows and promotions and all the other obligations that went along with what he did.
“No, this is cool, can't go wrong with the classics,” Dean responds as he practically inhales the food when he realizes how hungry he actually is after the first bite, not surprising since he missed both supper and breakfast, although Cas is smart enough not to comment, as he simply slides his own over as well, not having been particularly hungry anyway.
“You wanted to speak with me?” Dean questioned just as his dad stood up in one fluid motion from the couch and walked over to his son.
He had let love do that to him once before, and it had brought him nothing but pain and anguish and wishing he couldn’t feel a thing anymore.
His eyes couldn’t help but look over to the side every once in a while during the day, hoping to catch a glimpse of a tan coat or to find blue eyes already staring at him. Only for each desperate glance to come up empty, with Dean feeling more off-kilter than he had in a while as the pit in his stomach grew.
The Omega doesn't know how to react to that sweet confession, so in true Dean Winchester fashion his humour filters through as he snorts out a,”You're such a boyscout, Cas, prepared for everything.”
All he could think about was ripping the Beta to shreds, and those instincts, the ones that made Alphas naturally possessive and aggressive, wanted the fight so badly in order for him to establish his dominance in front of everyone. But most importantly, the Alpha especially wanted to show Dean that he could protect him no matter what, that he was the better choice of a mate, that he would always
Castiel never had much to live for, but he knew the one thing he had was his writing, no matter that the words and stories he wrote weren't exactly what he wanted out of life. All the same, they were still a part of him, part of his pride and integrity, and even part of what made him happy, those moments when he knew he had written something where all the pieces fit perfectly, and he'd be damned if he let anyone take that away from him, especially when the choice to stop wasn't his to make.
and with that thought he moved one of his hands from where they had been holding onto Dean’s hip in a brutal vice, knowing there would definitely be some light bruising there too, and fuck, his cock twitched at the idea. He brought the hand up to the younger man’s head, gently twisting his fingers up in those light locks of his. Lifting his head up, Castiel leaned forward and whispered, “You feel me, Dean?” Breath hot and moist with how ragged his own breathing was getting.
Being able to just be himself around the Alpha, never finding the need to put up a front around him, at least not as much as he did around other people, was such a new and liberating feeling that he started to crave those moments he could see Cas again.
"It doesn't mean anything," Dean says petulantly, but Jo continues with a wave of her hand, knowing the Omega better than that.
“W-what? Come on dad, you said no right?” Dean felt his heart start to race, a tell tale sign of an on-coming panic attack, but fuck if he was going to have one in front of his dad. Instead, Dean focused all his attention on the slight pain of his fingernails digging into his palm, it was the only thing he could do not to blow up in front of John at that moment.
“Mmm, you feel so good, Dean,” Castiel's low, rough voice cracks out as he thrusts in deeper, cupping the Omega's face so he can capture and plunge his tongue in the wetness of Dean's slack mouth, rhythm matching the timing of his cock. Wanting to possess and own Dean in every way he can at that moment.
He had a photo shoot coming up and since it was a beach scene, he had been placed on a very strict eating plan in preparation for it. Although it was his favourite thing to eat in the world, he didn't exactly want the last three weeks worth of work to go to waste if he did eat the pie himself. And Dean, knowing himself, wouldn't stop at one slice if he gave in.
He thought he loved her, truly and unconditionally, as any child would their parent, and he thought she had loved him, as any parent should their child. It was the simple, most basic natural order of things. But that was just it; he loved her because he thought he had to and if he couldn’t love her and she didn’t love him, how could he hope to be normal, be like everyone else who had a family that made them happy. And that was it really; he just wanted to be happy, nothing more, nothing less.
In an attempt to lighten the mood, he pitches his voice higher and says, “Although, truth be told, I failed miserably at that, most of the time while I had been cutting classes I was just off doing my homework or reading biology textbooks,” Castiel tries to smile at this, and ignores how fragile it feels on his face as he tries to ease the moment from the serious turn he took it into.
But once again, the singer's reply surprised him as he gives his own version of Castiel's smile, but to Castiel, it looked a little sadder, a little fragile and a little too forced, his next words being anything less than the truth when he says with a huff of a laugh that wasn't really a laugh, “No, not really.”
As Gabe moves closer to Dean, he stretches his hand out and places it on the Omega's shoulder, saying in an uncharacteristically reassuring tone, “There's nothing to worry about Dean. I'm pretty sure Cassie has a good enough idea of what your life's like already. And besides, he'll understand. He's not gonna be much better when exam season comes around or the times when he'll be going on sabbatical, trust me, you ain't seen my little bro when he goes full-on professor nerd mode before, I barely see him then, what with all that research he buries himself under.”
Putting on a show of not liking being in the know-how, even as his insides secretly melt at the serious public displays of affection the Alpha seems to be dolling out tonight, the Omega fakes a grumbled out, “Okay, fine.” as he follows the Alpha who presents tickets at the entrance point where only a couple of other people are lined up.
Somebody actually getting and laughing at his jokes was definitely new for him. Not knowing how to react (not wanting to ruin the moment), Castiel just stands there, instead not saying anything as his alternative, probably making the picture of them look ridiculous with his straight face and Dean's laughing expression.
He had thought it would take a lot for someone to burrow and make a place inside his heart, for him to allow himself to love anybody again, but surprisingly (or maybe not so surprisingly) loving Dean was the easiest thing in the world.
“It’s a wonder what he’s doing with someone like me then,” Dean says, intending it to be a joke, but knowing it falls flat, the Omega torn between the pride swelling in his chest for the amazing man his Alpha is and the doubt about whether the green-eyed Omega could ever hope to be enough for someone like him.
But, another new, unknown part of himself that had somehow managed to let this green-eyed creature into his life, let him burrow and settle under his skin without his know-how, that had unselfishly, unintentionally and unconditionally given his heart away with no promise, no expectation of reciprocity, had told Dean all those sordid things because as much as Dean wanted to be known, to be
to burrow in the Alpha’s warmth, to feel his skin against Dean’s, to feel those hands rake their way across his body, the quintessential image of Dean wanting to go belly-up for the man.
There's a strange, stretched out pause on the other end of the line, enough for Sam to frown and move the phone away from his ear, only to stare at a list of somewhat familiar digits, a nagging sense telling him he should recognize them, but the Alpha can't seem to summon the brain power to figure out who it is that's on the other end of the line at that moment, especially since he'd know soon enough anyways. Well, at least once the person
the bedroom, although he couldn't deny that he had noticed this was the second time the Alpha wasn't using the scent blockers he usually used whenever Dean had seen him, “Yeah, I know it's kinda a dumb move, especially considering most models I know wear those things like it's a religion or something, but my doctor said I should try to stay away from any chemical products and well I don't really wanna test how far my body can go before it's a lost cause, ya know?”
This was new though. And the more Castiel thought about it, the more he was certain it could work. Dean needed to not feel like he was the subject of some interrogation and Castiel needed to veer off from the direct, no-nonsense 'getting down to business' approach he usually adopted when it came to these things, not wanting to waste either party's time.
Dean has his head leaned back against the end of the bed, and Castiel can see his eyes scrunching as he hums, actually taking the time to think out his response as he turns the writer's words over in his head.
Once Castiel gets to the room, the space looks pretty much as what Castiel had been expecting when he enters.
Castiel scrunches his face up, confused by the question and shaking his head with a barely there smile as he responds with a shrug, “I'm sure you're quite familiar with those, being Dean Winchester and all that, people must fall all over themselves for you.” Castiel was careful not to use the same tone he had earlier, not wanting to be condescending, just stating what must at this point be a universal fact.
Wasn't that what everybody wanted? And no matter how fine the Omega acted when he was alone, he knew he was no exception and would always want that for himself.
Sam must've thought him naïve when he got that final phone call back to say the position was his, that he would actually hire somebody so inexperienced, in well,
Even as he hears the plea in the words coming out his mouth, he could see by the look on John's face, his mouth slowly turning down in scorn and disappointment as if he could barely believe Dean was his own flesh and blood, he knew. He knew that there was nothing he could say, nothing he could do that would change what John had already decided for him. Nothing he could do that would lead to freedom from all of the things happening to him.
Castiel's hackles immediately rise to attention at the display of the stranger pushing him aside to get to the Omega and he can feel the vibrations reverberating in his chest from the low growl that threatened to escape if the man
When they make it out of the crowd and main show area,  the woman starts to head towards the backstage entrance that Castiel had tried to enter in earlier, and seeing this he finally asks her, “What is this all about?”
He had realized early on that seeing people and judging whether he'd get along with them simply through comparing his life with theirs was a sure-fire way to make him not only hate himself more, but worse still was to make him resent other people for what they couldn't control. It was decidedly an unattractive character trait that he was happy he cut off before he was completely consumed by that level of prejudice.
After that night, now about a week ago, when Dean had come to his room, a strange feeling had started building up inside him, with the green-eyed man being the sole focus of its attention. But Castiel wasn't all that chuffed at looking too deeply into it, too scared at what he might find there swirling around and moulding itself to the shape of Dean.
scent would stick like a second layer to Dean’s skin, an act that had soothed both Alpha and Omega as he remembered those sweet pleas drifting from Dean’s lips, begging him to mark him up).
Dean tells himself, although he couldn't deny that his eyes had always involuntarily seemed to drift towards the Alpha when they were in the same room, just for a moment, before he snapped out of it and looked away. He never knew Cas that well, beyond the bits and pieces he heard through gossip that is, but those never strayed further than his looks, so there wasn't really any excuse as to why he would behave this way, and as a result he just chalked it up to him appreciating his well-established good looks, nothing more.
Castiel is completely flabbergasted with this whole exchange though and doesn't know what to do as he looks to Dean for some guidance. But the Omega is no worse for wear as he splutters out in indignation, “W-what the hell guys?! We're standing right here ya know!”
“If you’re about to drop another one-eighty request, could you hold off until tomorrow?  Unless ordering shitty alcohol from the room service menu is part of the deal, then I might be more open to persuasion,” Cas says, as he lounges back so he was facing Dean a little more from where the singers still stands half in and half out of the balcony doorway.
His hands are greedy to touch as he starts to stroke at the Alpha, moving from base to tip, smearing the red, flushed head of his cock with the drops of precome he collects from the slit, making Castiel moan at the sensation of that smooth hand gripping him just right.
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to…” he trailed off, balling his hands into fists on the table top as he searched for a way to explain himself.
As he moved their bodies he whispered, “I could make us come, just like this. Or,” Castiel emphasised as he dragged out the ‘r’, letting go of Dean’s hips, moving his hands down until they effectively cupped the globes of the singer’s ass, bold as ever as he squeezed them gently, letting his knees slide further down the bed before he drove his hips up, a lewd and forward display as he pantomimed fucking into Dean. It caused a spike of arousal to shoot through him at both the suggestion and at hearing the slight hitch to the singer’s breath, “I could fuck you so good, make you feel me everywhere, make you feel me for
“Don’t worry about it, Cassie,” Gabriel assured, body reclined by the mantel piece of the fire place in the lounge, Castiel sitting opposite him as he drank down the warm Camomile tea the Beta had brought him as he drank his own too-sweet hot chocolate.
But his Omega’s mouth seems to be even more hungry, as Dean bows his head, lips opening as he stretches his mouth over the wide girth of Castiel’s cock, the high-pitched wail sending vibrations along every sensitive nerve ending until the Alpha shoots his hand down, unable to help as he grips tightly onto Dean’s hair. His fingers twist as he encourages Dean to take more of him inside the delicious, velvet, wet heat of his mouth until the head of his cock bumps against the back of Dean’s throat.
Garth in turn looks back with the best doe eyed look he can give as he tries to persuade Dean once again,“Come on Dean you have to, Ellen's really into the whole idea, no matter how many times Jo told her it's a decidedly bad one for this type of crowd and people aren't drunk enough to go up yet. And besides, if you do this, you'll have an easier time of cleaning your slate and getting back in her good graces after you've been gone so long.”
The place was dark, everything tinged with a blue glow as neon lights lit up the place, pinks and greens and oranges zigzagged all across the walls and ceiling, right down to the patterned carpet floors and game machines, illuminating the place like one of those illusion haunted house rides at carnivals.
Dean can't help himself when he finally breaks the not exactly awkward, but not exactly comfortable silence either, between the two of them when he blurts out, “So, why're you up here, it's pretty early.”
He knew getting Dean's side of the story was a guarantee, but people weren't islands, and sometimes it took more than one perspective to fill the gaps of the entire picture, even if perceptions were different and contradictory. So he fully intended to get take advantage of tjis rare situation and get those snippets of John's version from this meeting, whether the man liked it or not. He was a determined fucker, and it was why most PR teams hated him so much.
Though Dean could see Cas’s eyebrows furrowing as he seemed to think something over in his head, and eventually shaking his head, a crude smile tugging at his lips, “You know, I don’t actually know if they’re dead or not. Not that it matters I suppose, my mother never told me who my father was; I doubt the man even knows I exist to be frank.”
But instant relief had washed over him when all she done was laugh good naturedly, and tacking on, “So you’re the infamous Dean Cassie’s been moping after for weeks.”
He thought he had been good about somewhat hiding his presence, but with the easy way and precise direction Dean had taken, the singer had probably noticed him a while ago, even though he had come into the studio a whole hour after rehearsals started, having had some issues with security and access as usual.
Make You Feel My Love, cover by Sleeping at Last (It's SO FLIPPING BEAUTIFUL!!! Thank this song for inspiring that last scene)
But he arrives at the entrance to Cas’s building relatively unscathed and he was grateful for it, all he really wants in that moment is to finally see his Alpha, knowing when he finally got to scenting the man that no other person’s smell would get in his way of sniffing out that musky earth and rain forest scent the Omega had become addicted to.
spent with the virile Alpha, not if Cas was going to be even more intense than what he was right now.
Although it did answer one of the questions he had been curious about, “Oh, so is that why you don't use scent blockers either?” Castiel inquires, completely oblivious to the Omega's face going beet red this time, at the knowledge that Cas had noticed something so personal. People usually didn't talk openly about having scented each other
“Well, don't you look like the cat that ate the canary. You coulda stepped in ya'know, or is there something I should know?” Dean says accusingly, arms still crossed defensively.
When he finally towels himself dry, feeling much better and more refreshed than he had in a while, he sets about pulling the Alpha's clothes on. He knew Cas's clothes probably wouldn't have fit him all that well, since Dean's body was a bit more slender and curvier practically everywhere that mattered, and he was happy Cas had the same thought as he chose track pants that at least had draw strings on them so they wouldn't slip down. He pulls the strings as tight as they can go, but not before deciding he should just tuck the baggy UCLA t-shirt in
that was true, Castiel still found himself reaching out for his own Alpha hormone blockers every single morning after Dean had accepted his courtship. He had thought nothing of his use of them before meeting Dean, having always just assumed it was simply out of practicality, being in the profession he was in and allowing his ruts to happen once a year, instead of quarterly as they naturally should. He knew that documented research uncovered that while basic blockers weren't harmful, they were called suppressants for a reason as they neutralised all secondary gender functions, which included everything from the level of Alpha hormones he secreted in his blood stream, to the potency of his natural  pheromone levels.
But his presence didn't go ignored for very long as Dean not so subtly extricates himself from the no doubt crushing embrace of the other Alpha and steps closer to Castiel, gently brushing his fingertips against his Alpha's, the simple touch seeming to calm him down. Castiel is a little shocked that  the Omega could read him so well, even when he hasn't outright displayed his dissatisfaction nor having his displeasure seep into his pheromones yet for it to be scented by the man.
Finally getting his camera positioned perfectly and to the settings he needed for the first shoot, the Beta takes stock of the room, spotting that most of the models were in costume and the set design he constructed had been completed by the rest of the crew already. Straightening up, he faces the room, and with hands above his head he gives two loud claps, followed by a booming, “Right, let's get this show on the road while the food's still looking hot and fresh people!”
Dean couldn’t help but to fret over any and all scenarios of Cas having had injured himself, or questioning whether he was feeling sick and needed medication or any number of incidents where he needed help, with nobody coming to his aid.
As if on instinct, Castiel started mouthing at the pale skin of those deliciously attractive inner thighs of Dean’s, which had been caging first his hips and now his head. That seemed to do the trick as Dean threw his head back against the pillow, throat exposed and hands bunching the sheets on either side of him.
“See you got rid of the coat.” Dean says, having nothing else to say when the Alpha just sits there staring at him, not bothering to start the conversation. It was the first thing he noticed about the man's attire actually. His usual suit, tie and brown coat was replaced by a pair of dark washed jeans, a t-shirt that had two of the three buttons open at the top with a black leather jacket finishing off the look. Dean would have never guessed, judging by how he usually dressed, which was obviously his preferred choice of clothing, that Cas owned an outfit like this, but it looked good on him. Really good.
The incessant blare of his phone ringing out in the quiet, small space of his room is what brings Sam out of the deep sleep he had gladly welcomed after crashing straight into bed late last night, having had to endure the gruelling double shifts he took on at the auto-shop for the past coupl'a days.
Dean feels a shiver travelling through his entire body at the rough sound of the Alpha's voice, and staring back at Cas, despite the charged tension between the pair, he can hear and see the honest concern and sincerity in his blue eyes. But, although appreciated, he just wanted the man's lips back on his, the Omega's body more than ready for whatever Cas wanted to do with him.
“Me? Nothing! I just thought you'd be happy to see that sweet little Omega you've been fawning all over, that's all. No need to thank me, or well, if you did want to I wouldn't be opposed...”
“No,” It's probably the most honest thing he had ever said to another person in his life, the response as simple as it was true.
The Alpha can't help the snort he lets out, and looking at the wall he says sarcastically, “Yes, not that hard indeed, but maybe we could Google some tips, for, you know,
, whatever it was between them, was a lot harder than he thought it would be. He knew he needed to get more personal, less professional, yet still keep a tight hold onto some semblance of a balance between the two.
On their usual night out, he had asked for any ideas from his friends, with Gabriel tagging along too, since he joined them on occasion when he wasn't too busy. He knew he could do the usual wine and dine affair and he would like to eventually have a proper dinner date with Dean, so it wasn't completely off the table since he actually enjoyed eating good food from time to time, but something about that felt off to him, for their first official date as a couple anyway (
There was something exhilarating and humbling and all-consuming about having Dean this way, getting to be the one to feel the pliant softness of his body as the singer slowly let Castiel take more control of the situation. Getting to feel those fingers card through his hair ever-so gently as their lips brushed over and over and over again.
Though the second Dean’s hips started rolling, causing his cock to slip free an inch or two before pushing himself back, hard, he was a goner.
It's when Dean decides to lie back down, all that tanned, mottled and marked-up skin exposed, chest heaving as he locks his glazed, heated green eyes with Castiel's own blue one's, that the Alpha kneels down once more in front of him, pulling and tugging at the remainder of his clothes until the Omega is completely naked and spread out. Instead of moving to slide between those perfectly bow-shaped thighs, the Alpha squeezes his hips as he cups them in his hand, brutally pushing at his soft freckled skin until Dean's pliant body rolls over onto his stomach. But before the Omega can get to his hands and knees like he instinctively wants to, Cas's hands move to his ass, spreading him as he dips down and starts licking around the puckered hole before his tongue starts probing as it moves in and out in its efforts to loosen the Omega's muscles as he wetly licks inside, tasting the sweet, spicy concentrate of Dean's slick.
Sam was good at his job, and even better with things that required research, and he had come back to Dean not two days later, unloading all he had dug out on the writer, being more than a little impressed with how Cas had humanised the people he had interviewed when he went through his work. He also presented Dean with feedback about Cas to the editor of
Time seemed to drag without Dean around, it felt like a life time ago since he had said goodbye to the Omega at the airport, yet it had only been going on three weeks now.
The navy carpet and dark wood furniture made the space feel warm and inviting and Dean could imagine how students must have felt quite comfortable in the Alpha’s office, enough to not feel intimidated by his station as their professor. The Omega liked that.
But something in him wavered slightly when he came to John's hotel penthouse suite room, a few floors above his own and one above Dean's.
Jo lets out a heavy sigh as she brings her hand up to rub her thumb against her temple, “Yes, well, as I was
to anyway, since he did, in fact, like it, a whole fucking lot, and hoped Cas would heavily indulge in the act as the night wore on, the singer simply rolled his eyes, then let a smirk of his own grace his lips as he decided to use the writer’s words to his advantage, “Maybe we should move this to the bed then, don’t’cha think?”
"C-cas, just want you Alpha," Dean finally manages to stutter out when Cas leans up, stopping all the wonderful things he was doing to Dean's body as he raises an expectant eyebrow, waiting for the Omega's answer.
All the while the writer’s eyes were solely focused on his face, looking for any sign of discomfort and at the intense, concerned look; Dean couldn’t help smiling up at him, lips red and kiss swollen and soft, his green eyes staring back into the handsome face above his own.
It's the only thing he can think of as Dean slightly hobbles away before Castiel can even ask if he's okay like he meant to do before the singer took him so off guard as he did.
He had known being away from Cas for so long would have been a challenge, they were a new couple after all, and this was one of the first challenges that had been thrown their way. Yet, at the same time, Dean knew this wasn’t normal, this deep-seated longing, this
” Dean wailed, not really sure if it was because of the absolutely filthy words coming out of his prim and proper writer or because apparently he had a thing for pet names. He couldn’t help surging up then, taking Cas’s mouth this time, his kiss a lot sloppier and uncoordinated than Cas’s had been, but what the fuck ever, at this point he didn’t care how desperate he looked or sounded, he wanted this man, and he wanted him so damn badly he couldn’t fucking wait anymore.
Dean lets out a self-conscious little laugh, and as he's thinking about a response to that, he hears Jo's voice right beside his ear suddenly say, “My, my, that the new boyfriend of yours that's got you smiling and blushing like a school-girl, Winchester?”
In almost one move Cas had flipped his body around, Dean automatically arching his back, ass up and knees spread wide, grabbing a pillow to place beneath him just as he heard the sound of a condom wrapper being opened.
, and Dean had eventually given in to his advances when that dark, empty feelings of loneliness had started to taint his days and he just wanted someone to come home to, to call when he had a bad day, to comfort him at the end of it.
Dean shakes his head as he snorts, “Should'a known you were a hiking kinda guy, nobody has a body like yours by just sitting around reading books in their office all day,”
Wanting this night to just be over already, Dean took off his headphones and cut right to the chase as he said, “Who was that?”
“Yeah? We’ll see about that,” Dean can’t help his own smile from forming at the out Cas gave him, and the fact that he seemed to
With a shift of his hips, Dean can feel how hard Cas is through his jeans, the constriction of the rather sizeable bulge no doubt making the Alpha frustrated. Mind made up, Dean gently cups Cas's face as he moves the Alpha's head so he can brush his lips against Cas's once again, and then, heart pounding faster, the Omega leans in to whisper in a broken, breathless voice, “Let's get out of here, Alpha.”
Castiel has never been so grateful when he sees Dean smile back, catching on and sparing the Alpha any more questions he knows must be on Dean's mind, as was on Castiel's when Dean had told him about the start of his career, and he says with humour in his own voice, “So, like I said, a total nerd, just an undercover one,”
After his dad had managed to get the record label he was with to agree to a contract that included a world tour when his new album dropped at the end of the year, they had been on the go and working non-stop for the past few months.
He had initially thought he could just chalk up his uncertainty about whether he wanted to keep doing all this to the fact of him being so alone for so long, that he just needed a distraction, something else in his life, his job having been his sole focus for so long after all. But, in retrospect, Dean realizes how unfair that expectation and hope was, that having an Alpha who actually seemed to give a fuck about him and who the Omega was pretty sure was it for him, could solve all his woes, even as Cas made them easier to bear when at the end of a hard day he could simply curl up tightly, head on Cas's warm, strong thighs or shoulder, the Alpha's gentle yet strong fingers carding through his hair, easing his tension and never failing in soothing him to sleep.
The Alpha himself made him feel like he could act naturally around him and talk to him about anything he wanted to, knowing he'd listen no matter how stupid the topic might be.
He knew it was no coincidence that the man suddenly decided to take a vested interest in him so soon after Naomi's correspondence. He wasn't a novice in this game of Hollywood anymore, he knew all the ploys and plots and schemes of the real men behind the curtains, the ones who actually ran the shows and he wasn't deterred in the least.
The pleasure is too intense for Dean to ever hope of lasting much longer, and when Cas changes his angle and starts nailing his sweet spot with the head of his cock on every thrust in, he feels the heat collecting at the base of his spin as he cries out. The clear streaks of come splatters all over his and Cas's stomach and he feels the slick flooding his ass as he tightens around the Alpha.
He had been startled when an email from Naomi had come through two days' ago, wanting a progress report, wanting to know whether he had gotten anything good, wanting to know whether the article was ready, or at least written out before going through the editing process, wanting to know when he'd think he'd be done here, when he would be coming back.
Although some part of him would have loved to see Alastair taking a punch to the face, this was not the right place or time for that, and Cas getting into trouble for him just wasn't worth it.
He had a hard time getting the logic to both his brain and heart that he would see Dean again in a few more weeks, that the green-eyed man wasn’t gone, he was simply away for the time being.
So as with everything else, the low level spark of whatever this was, was snuffed out by the coldness inside him, numbing the feelings until Castiel could barely register them as anything substantial enough to garner his attention. But even so, in another distant sort of way, they both knew that something shifted between them on that rooftop, an interest sparked by both, a curiosity to see beneath the surface, a low level heat swirling in each of their bodies that couldn't be quenched out so easily no matter how cold or frightened they each, respectively, were.
The Alpha makes quick work of getting Dean's clothes off, his hands skimming all along his ribs as he rolls his shirt up and over his head, the teasing brushes of his fingers sending shivers throughout Dean's body. Not wanting to let the Alpha do all the work, Dean slides Cas's jacket off his shoulders, throwing the heavy material so it lands  somewhere off the bed onto the ground. He then moves his hands down the Alpha's chest and stomach, giving him a playful smirk when he intentionally brushes the backs of his knuckles against Cas's bulge, making him groan out loud in pure ecstasy.
Dean lets out a satisfied sigh when Cas finally releases his legs from where they had been bent nearly in half as the Alpha had thrust hard and deep inside his body, before getting up off the bed to grab a towel rag so he can wipe the mess they both made, the Alpha gently kisses the sensitive bruise on his neck where he had sucked and marked-up at various stages during the night as he does so.
“Before you go off and have your little pity party, me being the awesome brother that I am, got you an extra ticket for one of our fashion event's after parties, happening in about a week from now. And I know for a fact Dean-o over there will be in attendance.”
Wanting this conversation to be done with already as Michael feels the awkwardness of a break-up conversation start to seep into the atmosphere, he decides to just cut to the chase so Dean can just fucking take the hint, “Come on, Dean. We both know you’re just not cut out for
Cas took a deep breath in, rubbing a hand over his brow as if it was exhausting and painful just speaking about this, but to Dean’s surprise, when he thought he should change the subject, that it was enough, more than enough for Dean to know, the writer went on, “The day I turned eighteen I booked it, I was with a really…” this time Cas was the one to gulp, words becoming muffled as if he couldn’t stand to say what came next, “A really great lady. The grandma type you know? A jackpot foster parent for anyone lucky enough to be placed with her. Her husband died young and she had been struggling with empty nest syndrome, driving her to get some kids back into her home. Heard I was her last. And I couldn’t blame her, I purposefully made it difficult for her and the day I left I stole the money I knew she had been saving for my first semester at college, and a few pieces of family jewellery too. Just enough to get me where I needed to be.”
