. Sherlock had perfected his anarchistic skills whilst hunting down Moriarty’s empire keepers, one small country would be no problem at all.
“Shut it. I love the Museum and we never go except on cases. I want to go have a bit of a stroll and take in some history.” They went in and did exactly what he said he was going to do. They wandered around, aimlessly examining artefacts displayed in the galleries. John went up to a man in sober clothing, and after a brief word, tugged at Sherlock’s sleeve to get him to follow along. Eventually, Sherlock and John were standing in front of a case display of what could only be described as well-filled. Shelves seemed to be carelessly filled with jewellery of all sorts; necklaces, pins, earrings, bracelets, even jewelled bowls and all manner of riches, all were tumbled together in a chaotic mess that glinted and glimmered.
. Still, if Sherlock was making this choice, who was John to keep denying it? He was hurting Sherlock either way.
. John had chosen it on a lark, and Sherlock made a mental note to change it to something more dignified right after the call. “Yes?”
There had to be a dozen people, at least, all swathed head to toe in tan fabric that showed nothing except their weaponry, and they seemed intent on a single point of interest. John noticed that all of them had one hand on hip holsters, ready to draw.
to be closer for the first time, and it was hard for both of us. I didn’t realize how he was trying to protect me from his life, and how few our times together would be.”
“Sherlock? Who’s this?” John was standing in the doorway looking at the narrow distance between Sherlock’s and Danny’s body. “Client?”
“I thought you’d bought that little house…he came back, I saw the news. I thought you two…” Sarah looked confused, “Where is Sherlock now?”
Sherlock left 221 B Baker Street with his coat and whatever was in his pockets. After several hours of walking, he used his mobile to make a single call, “Brother? I need a room for a while, is that alright?”
“I never sleep for eight hours.” Eight hours solid with no nightmares that John could see. Sherlock was making the same realization and a self-satisfied smile developed, “I was right. This was what I needed.”
“WHAT?” Harry clapped her hands over her mouth, worried for a moment that she’d woken Rosie. Leaning forward, she hissed, “Your wife
have for me. It’s over, Watson. You’ve moved on with efficient ease so leave me out of whatever conscience motivated drivel you are attempting. I
Sherlock shrank back instinctively and dropped his gaze to the pavements so that he was as inoffensive as possible, his normal arrogance and confidence defeated in the presence of the metals that could damage him.
In the meantime, John, being as accommodating as possible, had not only set up Sherlock’s laptop beneath the bed where he could see it, but had also connected an ergonomic keyboard to it, one that split into two halves, now placed very conveniently at each of Sherlock’s hands so that he could type. John had needed to use some medical tape to secure them there, but he had. Now Sherlock could keep up with the news about scientific breakthroughs, browse the archives of a variety of research facilities, adjust information on
Their bodies grew warmer together, and tenderly, Sherlock turned John onto his back so that he could kiss the still mournful alpha, “I wish I could be what you need.”
was lonely too, and for the first time since he was a teen, his transport and his mind were in perfect sync. Sherlock didn’t much care for endlessly pining after his friend but stopping was apparently impossible so endured it instead. The feelings he’d been forced to confront during his absence only grew stronger with each day that passed and the physical itch that was forever unsated only grew deeper and less resistable with each moment that passed.
“Oh, please, Harry!” John’s eyes blazed with anger as he turned to face her. “What if you popped by Clara’s tonight and asked if you could bunk at hers for a bit, how would that feel? What if she had a new girlfriend there, too?”
Sarah sighed, clearly exasperated with John. “Explain to me why you are here and not on Baker Street?”
. John paced after her, his shoulders bowed forward as he kept her gaze locked to his, “You know I’d do it. That clip would be around the world before you could get an order to have my blog shut down. The
John was cold and miserable. He stomped his feet in the entryway, trying to knock off the last stubborn clumps of snow that clung to his boots despite his careful kick-off on the stoop on his way in. John’s hands were numb with cold. His gloves were clearly inadequate, and though he’d worn them the entire way home from work, his hands were stiff. His skin felt like he’d been dipped in ice-water, and that he was a breakable sack of humanity, brittle and fragile. He’d forgotten his waistcoat when he’d dressed early in the morning and now his back was rigid with chill, his kidneys complaining mutely of the lack of adequate coverage. “John, you’re home. Drink this.”
Leading the way back to the kitchen, Sherlock seemed to almost chatter as he explained how he’d determined the spectrum of vitamins and minerals and so forth that they each needed to consume in order to retain optimal health, and had further examined various dishes that they could consume that would provide them with said components, “Roasting was very easy. Everything fit into one pan. Convenient, I say.”
John’s cock was perfect. The girth and weight of it felt amazing as well as arousing and not frightening. The doctor was very hard, seeping a bit from his tip, but it wasn’t intimidating or overwhelming. Sherlock was barely able to get the entire head in his mouth and so he used his hand to stroke and press. It was delicious too, bitter and salty, with a hint of musk.
The angle was uncomfortable, but Sherlock managed to press his mouth to John’s backside. It took a fair amount of effort, but he managed to slip the tip of his tongue in. John groaned. Sherlock used his hands to keep John spread wide and when it was possible, Sherlock began bobbing his head shallowly, letting his stiffened tongue push deep before pulling it back, “I think I want one of those long fingers in there. Wet one with spit, push it in slowly.”
Sherlock bit back a cry when John pushed something with a blunt point against his very slick hole, “John!”
Mrs Hudson sat in her kitchen and beamed at her new microwave. Her radio was on, loudly in fact, but she was cheerful as she listened to carols she’d heard far too many times. It wasn’t quite enough to disguise the racket coming from Sherlock’s room, and when they broke his bed it gave her quite a start but also a laugh. Happily, Mrs Hudson put together to hearty plates of food, wrapped them well and snuck them into the refrigerator upstairs. She left a large assortment of refreshing beverages, and a good deal of fruit in a lovely bowl as well. Her boys would need it. Mrs Hudson didn’t fret about not seeing them on Christmas. Mrs Turner had invited her over, and as far as she was concerned, the best present of all was knowing that her sweet boys had finally taken that final step to be together. This was a Christmas to celebrate and celebrate she would.
The laugh that he’d wrung from his omega was beautiful, unfettered and filled with joy. John realized that his chest felt warm again, he was full again of that deep lovely feeling. His mind felt clearer and he knew that he’d ask the question because he sincerely wanted to, and no because his submissive side was trying to find a way to make his omega happy. Sherlock was grinning up at him, his face a picture of complete happiness, “At least, my John. Yes, I will marry you.”
Today was the first time the doctor got called away to have a flirtatious chat with his newest conquest in front of Doctor Hooper, who had dropped by for a minute to give him birthday wishes. She visited Sherlock regularly, mostly because of Rosie, but occasionally, just for Sherlock, though it was a rare happening. John had barely gotten through the door before he let go of a small overnight bag, turned on his heel chuckling at his mobile as his big winter boots left a trail of muck behind him. He didn’t ask if things were okay or if his leaving his child behind again was convenient. Sherlock was with a go-to-relief person that John approved of, the only witness to how strained things were between them now. Molly had practically raised Rosie on her own immediately after Mary passed, and she didn’t mind at all taking the girl for the odd afternoon or even overnight if John required it.
His orgasm hit him like a freight train, knocking him over, and causing his body to spasm. Pleasure rolled over him and through him, spurting out from his cock in shuddering bursts, “Sherlock, oh fuck yeah, Sherlock!” John’s hand was flying up and down his cock and didn’t pause until the first shot of come was released over his knuckles. John held himself tight, jerking upward in short bursts to milk himself of every drop. Sherlock felt him pulsing inside, squeezing the come from his cock too, and he wanted the world to stop forever and hang in this moment. It was bliss.
Sherlock’s cry was primal. Intense ripples of pleasure made his back arch so severely that his come spurted in a tight curve, splatting against Sherlock’s belly to drip onto the bedding below. “Come in me.” Sherlock felt so good. His body hummed with satisfaction, he felt sensuous and powerful. “Danny,” they kissed, Sherlock’s head craned to the side to reach his lover, Danny’s body rutting furiously now as he chased his orgasm, “Be the first person to come inside me.”
Sherlock ignored everyone who was walking past them, wrapping John in his arms to shield the smaller man from view as he fought back his tears, “It won’t be easy, my dearest, for either of us. In the last few years, I have built up so many walls, so many resentments. I...I left London and lost myself in different cities. Drugs, of course. I was killing myself and then one day, I knew I had to change something because everything I had tried to do to forget us failed. I got clean, I started fresh in a more academic way, and rebuilt my life. Mycroft organised a therapist for me, someone I could actually listen to and who listened to me. One session at a time, he dug out every lie I had told myself and made me face the truth of so many self-deceptions. One thing stayed the same throughout that process. I love you, John. No matter what you did or what I’ve said, my love for you has never wavered or faded. I’ve missed you with every beat of my heart, and no matter how you’ve hurt me, and you have hurt me deeply, I have learned that I do not thrive without you. I’ve built this whole new life because I could not return to my old one alone. The work does not matter to me if you aren’t a part of it.”
John went up to say hello, but just as he arrived a notification chirped at him. He couldn’t help but grin, immediately and completed distracted from his real life. It was one of the bolder women from the night previous with a follow-up text. Smiling, John turned away as he set down Rosie’s bag, tuning out Molly’s conversation with Sherlock. Absently waving goodbye, John left the flat, composing a flirtatious reply, forgetting to kiss his daughter farewell as he left. He took the Tube the rest of the way, exchanging ever heated texts with a particularly lush looking redhead who wasn’t above a bit of public transport sexting. John made a lunch date with her. He knew just the place, a small little restaurant with well sound-proofed restrooms. He’d have her in one of them after they ate.
would have been with you, not for a minute. Sherlock is possessive, jealous, clingy, and demanding. He’d never share and would never agree to be shared. I thought I was doing the right thing by coming back here because even though I love him. I made you a promise, and I had meant to keep it. I would have spent my entire life devoted to you because I told you I would. Were you dying, Mary? Was David giving you his alpha pheromones to save your life like I was saving Sherlock’s?” Both of them looked abashed, and stared anywhere than at John or one another, “It’s over between us, Mary. Obviously, we can’t trust each other, not about this.
“Thanks a lot, Harry.” John felt worse with every moment of clarity he endured. He was such a prick, such a self-destructive, hateful, abusive, selfish, selfish, selfish prick.
From there it just seemed very natural to let things proceed as they would, Mrs Hudson and brunch forgotten. John and Sherlock stood there and kissed, standing in the debris of the present opening, holding one another and just being together. Kisses grew heated and were joined by caresses, each man eager to touch and familiarize himself with that which had recently been off limits. Sherlock, ever impatient, finally dragged John right into his bedroom where the rest of the day became quite noisy, and a bit damaging to Sherlock’s bed which broke after the third repeat of their initial endeavour. Laughter arose briefly before the mattress was hastily dragged right onto the floor so that the lovers could continue to use their bodies to demonstrate the vastness of the feelings and devotion they felt for one another.
John made a point of surreptitiously checking Sherlock’s wardrobe whenever the genius had left the building. He felt guilty about snooping and a little silly about doing things like sticking a single strand of his own hair in between both boxes in order to measure if the boxes had been shifted or not. They never moved unless John moved them.
“Do you dream about this?” John’s cock was going to tear him except it didn’t. It slid deeper and deeper, pushing him wide open, invading him in a way no one had ever attempted before. Sherlock welcomed it. He felt full, taken, wanted, desired, and needed. It was bliss that his transport had been designed to appreciate, and appreciate it he did.
He didn’t let go, not even after the tree topper was securely in place. Sherlock stood there with John standing behind him, holding him firmly. He smiled and closed his eyes as he allowed John to take the next step, the final step he’d been waiting for. John did not disappoint. Sherlock felt their bodies meet as John stepped closer still, pressing himself against Sherlock’s back, his hips neatly meeting Sherlock’s backside. John’s hands slid forward and up, slowly but firmly exploring across Sherlock’s belly and chest, “Okay?”
. You know the path you are starting down so now you have some decisions to make. Are you going to keep letting anger win? Are you going to keep hurting the people you love to satisfy your pride? Are you going to be just like
Sherlock’s eyes were wild and filled with distrust. Uncertainty flickered over his fine features as he scented the air before his eyes hardened,
“It’s not done yet, John.” Sherlock chivvied John to the sitting room where he lit the pre-laid fire. Flames crackled up right away, and John enjoyed the resinous smell of burning pinewood. Sherlock disappeared into the kitchen but came back a while later bearing a tray, “I’ve just washed up the dishes, but here is the last drink to try tonight, a hot toddy.”
about Mary, why did you propose? You kept it a big fucking secret, too. You know, mum is still sore at you for not even inviting us? What was going through your head? For fucks’ sakes,
Hours rolled by as they drowsed and eventually, Sherlock woke up. He was snuggly and happy, wriggling his way deep into John’s embrace with a smile on his face, “Happy, my angel?”
John again, and he didn’t care how weird it was that he loved his friend’s aroma, it was a simple fact. Danny was entirely lovely, but he just didn’t suit Sherlock the way John did, and while he wasn’t distasteful to scent, he just wasn’t John. Sherlock was already feeling calmer, just knowing that John was coming home.
promise, in front of anyone you see fit to witness it. If you’d have me, Sherlock, I’d marry you right here and now, and announce it to the entire planet.”
you care for him, bloody hell, did you manage to forget what you were like when you thought he was dead? Don’t you remember any of that? Have you felt anything even remotely like that for your wife?” John shook his head and Harry snorted, “Idiot.”
A man seated up front was speaking into a mobile, “Field specimen acquired. Reaction time exactly as anticipated. The subject will arrive as scheduled.” The second he was inside the vehicle his brain gave up all efforts to learn more about what was happening because John blacked out completely.
They were scrubbed down, swabbed from head to toe in some kind of antiseptic fluid. John’s neighbour was restrained before he was ruthlessly shaved from head to toe until he was as bald as John.
The woman was keening now, pinching her nipples with painted nails, her legs spread high and wide, toes pointed sharply as her orgasm built. John loved the way her body clenched down on his and rocked his hips in a way he knew would get her off. Only a couple minutes passed before she was groaning her way through what sounded like an amazing orgasm, and John sighed as he felt her body nearly milk an orgasm out of him. “Slow down, sweetheart,” he cautioned, “I’ve got all night.”
The doctor made a note, “I’ll let the administration know, and I’ll stop by the nursing station to tell the Head Nurse.”
John’s face was a mix of anger, disbelief, shame, outrage, and finally, blankness, “I’ve never cheated on you, Sherlock. You are being ridiculous. That you think I’d ever cheat on someone I’m with...”
“Just what, Sherlock?” John wasn’t shouting but he was still snappish. Once he lost his temper, even if he instantly regretted it, it always took a while for him to settle down. Now he was too tired. It was far too early, or too late, to be arguing with his flatmate.
“Now, go for a walk around the block and come back.” Sherlock didn’t even look up. John sighed, got his coat, and did as ordered. A quarter of an hour later he was back, “Good. Now, inhale deeply and tell me what you can smell.”
The ache in John’s chest was noticeable now, almost enough to disturb the agitated alpha into moving but he was like a statue, his hands upon Sherlock’s head, cradling the mind that he loved so much. John leaned forward and pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s, his nose pressed against his omega’s hair as he softly begged Sherlock to pull through. John kissed Sherlock’s brows, and his temples, and made sure his worried tears did not splash on Sherlock’s still face.
. Sherlock shut his ears to John’s next words, walking swiftly away. He took his coat in his hand and fled down the stairs before anything John said made it through the temporary barrier he’d erected.
. John wasn’t going to hide the truth from himself any longer. He was head over heels IN LOVE with Sherlock Holmes, and tonight, he was going to let his man know it. “This is already the most perfect romantic date I have ever been on.”
Rosie rubbed her dinner all over herself, testing to see how each different ingredient fell apart when pressed. Sherlock was very encouraging of her exploration. Since she’d already eaten her dinner, John wasn’t worried that she hadn’t done more than taste what he’d made, and watching Sherlock pretend to take notes for her was touching as well as amusing. Danny and Sherlock made huge inroads on what he’d provided, and it made him feel warm inside to see Sherlock wrap up another scone in a paper napkin and stick it in his Belstaff pocket for later, “We have to go again, Danny wanted to check on you two.”
my omega, Sherlock, but I am not your master or superior. I never could be, and honestly, I would never want to be. I am here for you to use however you want, as long as it makes you happy. I will be your alpha in any manner you decide is most fitting, and I will follow your command until my final breath leaves my body.” Not even marriage could signify the depth of this commitment.
It seemed to be the right thing to say because while John’s eyes were still intense, focused, they were also filled with something more, something Sherlock hadn’t quite expected to see. There was something there, something more than fondness. Love. John was looking at him with love in his eyes. It was overwhelming. “Forever it is, then, don’t forget.”
“You’re awake.” John was sitting there, eyes open, his gaze fixed on Sherlock’s face. A series of emotions flickered across the smaller man’s face before settling on relief. His smile was huge, and John’s eyes twinkled with happiness when he said, “Hello, Sherlock. How are you feeling?”
Sherlock did as he was bid, penetrating his master with his finger until he was fucking John slowly with it. John sighed happily and lay there smiling with his eyes closed, “Lovely, just lovely. Two now, slow.” Sherlock spit on his fingers and carefully worked them in. John was hot and tight. Every once in a while, he clenched down deliberately, almost grinding Sherlock’s knuckles together, “That’s really good. Three now, pet, let’s see if you can get three in there.”
John spent a lot of time mulling over his life, trying to come to terms with the wide array of issues he’d hidden from himself. Not all of them were about himself personally, though the majority were. Some involved his problems or concerns about other people, his sister for instance. She had been the source of many of his problems as a youngster. Some were about other people and the various ways they affected John. Today, during his regular afternoon stroll, John was thinking about shoes. Not just any shoes, a very particular pair.
“An unexpected benefit.” Molly blushed, giggled, but also hugged Sherlock tight. When she let him go, her eyes were bright with tears, “I’m
John’s eyes closed for a second, “I…I…may have left it at Sarah’s.” This was more convincing, “I’d forgotten. She doesn’t have one and she needed…”
. Sherlock could never forgive him for this presumption. He’d made himself clear right from the start. He’d said…
Gasping for air, Sherlock took the stairs two at a time, recklessly rushing away before the first tear spilt. He made it to the front door and yanked it open but not before someone caught him up and shoved it closed, “Sherlock!” It was John. Humiliated and mortified, Sherlock could not keep his tears inside. Quietly, they ran down his cheek just as John made him turn around, “Oh, Sherlock.” He couldn’t look at John, not now when his world was destroyed all over again and the people who had killed him were dancing on his grave. John sounded horrified when he said, “Oh,
Sherlock stared up at John and the words fell out of his mouth without prompting, “I want to go home.”
“Almost from the first,” admitted John, “You were married to your work and you were so incredible, I knew that I would never want to change who you were just because I wanted you all for myself. I didn’t deserve that, I still don’t.”
John’s sexual appetites were beyond belief. Sherlock found himself laid back onto their bed. John only took a few minutes to finger himself before he was sitting on Sherlock. Clearly, John enjoyed the painful stretch being completed by his bedmate. He didn’t try to make it easy on himself, in fact, John seemed to be trying to hurt himself a little bit as he shoved his body downward. He might enjoy such activity, but Sherlock most certainly did not. Better John than him, so helpfully, Sherlock bucked up, “Fuck yes, do that, nice and hard, Sherlock.”
“Oh. My. God.” John was so embarrassed. “I am sorry. I am so sorry, Sherlock. That was so uncalled for. I am so sorry! I don’t know how you’re ever going to forgive me.”
Sherlock listened to John moving around behind him and nearly leapt upright when the doctor suddenly smeared more lubricant against his anus, “This will make things easier later.” Sherlock felt John begin to firmly massage small circles around his entrance, causing the muscles to relax enough to permit John to insert his thumb, “Such a good boy, well done Sherlock, well done. Bear down, this will feel a bit odd at first.”
“I agree. Ideas?” John was certain they needed to break out, somehow, and soon. His skin was crawling with anxiety. He knew something tremendous was going to happen if they didn’t get out soon.
“There is something you must see.” Mycroft didn’t waste time, simply striding away from the foyer and toward his home office. Sherlock painfully made his way after him. He wasn’t exactly in agony, but he was stiff all over. His muscles still weren’t working smoothly, and so his brother swiftly outpaced him. The door to his office was open, and at first, Sherlock was confused as to why his brother had the same boxes in his office as John had had back at the flat. “Look inside.”
Molly kept going, “John knows and that’s good?” Sherlock nodded, “Why?” She looked up at Sherlock, her expression serious, “Have you changed your mind about John?”
Sherlock hefted him right back onto his feet, reaching for the taps as he did so. “I’m turning the hot water completely off, you’re still feverish.”
Sherlock shook his head. He didn’t want to say a word. Instead, he turned his face to the wall and tried to ignore both of them. John cleared his throat, “My sister, well, she’s a bit of a hot-head, and she didn’t understand what happened between us correctly, so she might have…well...”
“I’m an arse.” John walked over and dropped to his knees in front of the obviously aggrieved omega, “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I never should have left without talking to you first, I should have at least waiting until you woke up instead of leaving you alone. I haven’t been thinking straight since you got back, fuck, since you left. I’m a jerk, a cad, and just…I’m the worst alpha in the world.” John looked up at Sherlock and his heart ached for the misery he saw there, the misery that he had caused, “I don’t know what I was thinking, or if I was even thinking at all. I don’t know why I say or do anything these days, all I know is that here with you is where I ought to be, and if you’ll permit it, I’d like to do exactly that.”
Sherlock screeched to a halt at the vision that greeted him. John had clearly been impatient and was twisted around to finger himself, his arse glistening with the bit of saliva he’d clearly added, “Yeah, come on. I’ve never done this before but I’ve thought about it so much. I want you inside me, Sherlock, as soon as you can.”
Sherlock heaved a ragged sigh. “Something that can be mended, I hope.” His voice was soft, concerned, “I am working on it.” He seemed upset but was hiding it so John sipped his tea, content because no one was asking anything of him. The tea was lovely and burned his tongue sweetly.
body part you make your decisions with, Johnny.” He wrinkled his nose and she just laughed, “Eat your dinner, John.”
Sherlock passed out eventually, exhausted by his orgasms and the amount of effort he expended. He woke some time later with the soldier asleep beside him, his thick cock still buried in Sherlock’s arse. Writhing a bit, Sherlock began to rock himself over it.  It got hard and fat fast, and soon enough he was riding it with joyful abandon. He’d never felt so good. The soldier woke up and began fucking Sherlock hard once more, taking charge of everything they did, making Sherlock come whenever he wished. It was glorious. The rest of the day followed much as the night previous had. They stopped for sandwiches somewhere in the morning but that just led to exchanged blowjobs in the kitchen, followed by a little ride around the living room before Sherlock found himself back in bed being fucked almost savagely. He was in heaven.
“Tea,” called Danny, deliberately not hearing John, instead exiting the kitchen and intercepting John’s attempt to put their visit to a close, “Sandwiches too, you’ll love them. Pro tip – you can trick Sherlock into eating his veg. Apparently, if you take a bagel and cream-cheese, he will eat the entire thing and not care about whatever else is in it. Look. Raisins and grated carrots. Who knew?”
Now John’s expression was fond and filled with a strange kind of heat, “You never could, not even when you believed you were a high-functioning sociopath.” Sherlock flushed. That diagnosis could never apply to him, not any longer. He had emotions, the full spectrum of them, and he was feeling most of them right then. “What should we do then, John?”
Sherlock blinked because he was having difficulty processing the fact that...Greg...had not only broken John’s nose on his behalf but that he’d followed through and thrown John in jail. “Is that why my brother...”
? Sherlock peeked. The doctor seemed to be kneeling now, his face pushed up against one arse cheek to watch his own hand move. Sherlock gripped the mantle with desperate fingers. He was fast losing stability in his knees.
“No, you really aren’t.” Sherlock sounded sad, obviously seeing that John wasn’t being truthful. “Come to bed, my John, rest.” John turned around and climbed into bed, closing his eyes immediately. His entire body relaxed and went limp the moment Sherlock joined him, “I’m going to hold you, my John, though I should tell you that it will likely comfort me more than it does you. I apologise if I am violating your boundaries.”
Sherlock trusted John, that’s why they were here now. Sherlock had never trusted someone the way he trusted John. John knew Sherlock and liked him. His hands on Sherlock’s body were warm, they grounded him in the moment. He looked into John’s eyes, “If we do this, I’ll never settle for less again, not ever.” Sherlock felt that fair warning was required before they irrevocably changed their relationship. Right now a few kisses could be excused but not more. It was up to John to decide.
“You have a fever, John.” Sherlock stopped talking again when John mouthed wet sloppy kisses along his throat while he fisted his friend’s cock. After a shocked moan of delight, Sherlock choked out a few more words, “John, I fear that you are mostly asleep and having a rather erotic dream featuring me. I, however, am
The rest of Christmas passed in a pleasantly chaotic manner. The Holmes cousins only lingered long enough to confirm that none of their names had been newly added Sieger’s will before departing. John had been toasted many times, the cousins barely bothering to conceal their amazement that their prickly younger relative had managed to find someone who could tolerate his extremes enough to actually bind themselves to him. John remained silent on the matter, but inwards, he vowed more than ever to be the best husband Sherlock could ever dream of having.
“Oh yes, pretty boy, I’m going to fuck you so well.” The soldier was incredible. He was stronger than he seemed, holding Sherlock’s legs up easily, fucking with hard steady strokes. He wasn’t in a hurry, bringing himself to the edge over and over again, teasing Sherlock’s prostate in between riding him so hard that Sherlock’s bed actually moved several inches. They had to add lube twice as the original was rubbed off or became too tacky. Sherlock’s arse was on fire from the friction and he knew he had to fuck this man again. His stamina was remarkable.
“Not that I doubt you but I’m going to have to see that to believe it. My gran made me that kilt, it was made specifically for me.”
, and facial recognition software would flag him anywhere in England if he tried to behave as if he were still legally his own person. Now John owned him and as horrible as it had felt, his only comfort was that he wasn’t going to be used by others. John had been very clear about his singular ownership over Sherlock, and it was obvious that he was a fiercely possessive man. He was Sherlock’s best and only choice.
The associate was smiling pleasantly at him and for a moment, John didn’t know what to say. The words tumbled out without direction, “I need to get my partner a skirt. It needs to match with shoes. Red shoes. Pointy red shoes.”
. You need to be better with Rosie too. It’s time to grow up, John. I’m saying this because I love you and because you’re stupid. This is your misery bed that you made with your own backward brain, time to lie in it. Listen to me. Go back to 221 B Baker Street the way you should have done after your wife died and be with Sherlock. Yes, Danny will be there, and no, you can’t just keep dropping your daughter off with different people. You dated people back when you were first there and Sherlock managed somehow, you will too. You are going to mature, you are going to go back to doing the right thing, you are going to succeed at being
“You love me?” Sherlock felt like his heart was going to implode. This was the last thing he expected. He knew that John cared for him, and that perhaps he even loved him but only as a friend. Instead, here he was, standing inside John’s embrace, with the taste of John in his mouth, and a declaration of love in his ears. “John?”
“Happiest, my alpha. You make me happiest.” It was Christmas, and John had gotten a very unexpected present, one that he would love for the rest of his life and it was good.
“John is gone!” Sherlock was shouting. It had been five days since he and Danny had left to go investigate leads in Scotland and four and a half days since Mycroft sent a helicopter to bring them directly back, retrieving them the moment they tried to check into their hotel room. Sherlock felt ill when he watched the footage of John being hauled off the Tube, and the grainy image of the vehicle he’d been dumped in to. All the angles were wrong, the car parked just outside of the effective range of the various cameras. Careful planning had gone into the abduction and only Mycroft’s unceasing surveillance had caught it so early. There were few leads to follow since there wasn’t much to go on. “No one has made demands, there are no clues to follow, there is absolutely nothing, Danny! I need to find John! He doesn’t know about how I feel! What if someone has killed him? What if they’re hurting him? He could be brainwashed. What if someone sold him on the flesh markets? What if he’s being raped right now? Danny, I have to find John!”
“More than.” Sherlock’s voice was soft, almost a whisper. Everything was going better than planned. He’d needed to say nothing, do nothing. John was taking this step all on his own. John seemed greedy to touch, as greedy as Sherlock was to be touched. Sherlock found himself being turned around so that John could claim his first kiss. It was hungry and full of promise. John wasn’t shy about taking control, and gratefully, Sherlock let him. Sherlock wanted everything that happened to be a choice that John made, something that could not be denied, something tangible that they could build upon.
Sherlock felt the burn that had built in his belly slowly spill over until the pressure of it made him feel like his cock was ejaculating pure pleasure. He heard John’s ecstatic grunts behind him and didn’t care at all when John took him roughly by the hips to slam his way through his own orgasm. He couldn’t feel his transport right then, he was on a higher plane of existence.
. Sherlock understood entirely. Danny bit down on Sherlock’s shoulder to muffle himself as his hips snapped, grinding down hard and Sherlock gasped as he felt his lover throbbing deep inside his body. Danny shuddered several times, small spasms making his hips thrust deeply a few more times before he went limp. They stayed there, still connected, panting harshly until they’d finally caught their breaths and could move a bit. “That had to be one of the most satisfying fucks of my life.” Danny’s voice was rough and tired, “You really are a genius.”
him to eat, the schedule merely indicated the timeslots allocated for certain meals. Sherlock had begun to let John eat alone since he ate only a fraction of what the alpha required. Thus unattended, John went about his plan to impress his omega.
be arsed to call for takeaway, but nothing could make him go downstairs to retrieve it. John would do it, crankily extracting folding cash from Sherlock’s own wallet to pay for a tip, just to annoy Sherlock, which it didn’t. The doctor was welcome to all of Sherlock’s money, especially if it meant that he didn’t need to deal with annoying things like paying bills or queuing up at the bank to cash cheques from clients. John just rolled his eyes and huffed impatiently, grousing his way back and forth through their little world, cleaning up after Sherlock and occasionally breaking people a bit if the occasion required it. Really, he was quite perfect as a partner and a friend and Sherlock repaid him that connection by keeping John’s heart racing and his reflexes keen. Whenever John was in a bit of a mood, Sherlock made certain to steer them toward a decent punch-up or other adrenaline rousing activity, just to keep his soldier content. John’s needs coincided beautifully with Sherlock’s likes, so really, he was keeping them both happy.
Doctor Hooper was someone Sherlock was comfortable with, so much so that he barely chastised her at all for continuously trying to chat him up. Sherlock always gave a mental sigh and internally reviewed his operating protocols for when he was in the company of an unattached single party such as herself, realizing that he’d yet again wandered across the border between pleasant and flirtatious. He was trying to be engaging but not to the degree where he’d invite propositions for coffee which was code for a date which leads to either coitus on a one-off basis or an extended relationship. Sherlock wasn’t interested in anyone for anything but what information their minds might contain that would help him solve crimes. Molly, as she insisted on being called, was a brilliant pathologist yet she seemed to measure her success based on the status of her personal life, rather than her paid skills. Sherlock found that to be incomprehensible. He was the Work, he loved it, was devoted to it, it encompassed his life. How could anything or anyone possibly compete with the Work? She needed to stop trying.
“Forgot?” Harry sounded sceptical. “John Hamish Watson. You made me come over to celebrate both the birthdays that happened when you thought that Sherlock was dead so we could commemorate him but now that he’s back and alive, you what, fucked off with some random skirt and just made him look after your daughter?”
Ironically, his mobile vibrated. Mycroft checked, and John was only mildly surprised to see that it was from his fiancée. “Remember, Miss Morstan is no longer your concern.” John felt odd because he was engaged to Mary, but if Mycroft was warning him, then there was obviously more to her than he had ever been able to learn. It made him angry again that he must have missed something tremendously blatant, but Mycroft was supremely unimpressed, reminding him, “You are here exclusively for Sherlock. Do not mistake me, John Watson. If I learn that you have not given my brother 100% of your time and attention, things will go very poorly for you. You will use the mobile I have left with my brother to let me know when his heat is finished, to request supplies or assistance in case of a medical emergency, but nothing else that does not relate directly to the care and maintenance of Sherlock.”
help Lestrade, but only via email and text. He hadn’t been to an actual crime scene in weeks. He'd spent nearly the entire winter locked indoors raising a child who wasn’t his. Suddenly, Sherlock felt restless. “I need to walk.”
Sherlock woke when two cool hands began to massage his buttocks, “You are being such a good boy, my lovely pet. Look at you, exactly as I asked. You are doing so well, I might get you some proper clothes.” John tugged and twisted the plug, playing with it until Sherlock was entirely awake before he removed it. Sherlock gasped when John poured cold lube directly onto his gaping hole, “Look at how hungry that is, so naughty, so wet and just waiting for me.” John sounded ravenous as well as affectionate, “Spread your legs, Sherlock, show me your nice wet hole, put your finger where my cock is going to go.”
It still took two days more than he was prepared to deal with before Sherlock was released into John’s care. Physical therapy sessions were organised, and dietary regimes were designed, and the gradual cessation of all his meds was planned. John reluctantly left Sherlock’s side only long enough to coordinate with Anthea regarding clothing for their invalid. One short shopping trip later, Sherlock was garbed in loose flowing clothes that wrapped comfortably around his recuperating body but gave the appearance that Sherlock was dressed for a lovely walk about the park. Mycroft arranged for his best car to deliver the pair to Baker Street, considerately providing special cushions for Sherlock’s side of the vehicle.
live here, mate, but from now on, I think a little common courtesy is in order, yeah?” Danny looked down at Sherlock with concern, “Are you all right? This is a bit of an awkward moment.”
“Sherlock.” It hurt the detective to turn his head so fast, and he ended up groaning with pain as he set eyes on John. The doctor flinched, his expression one of devastated hurt, “I’m sorry, I’ll leave. I just needed…” John stopped, swallowed hard, and continued, “I needed to see you wake up, that’s all. I know I’m intruding. I’m sorry. I’ll just… I’m going to go.”
“Yeah.” There was no awkwardness or hesitation. Both men shifted and moved until their lips met, and then their arms were holding the other tight once more until they were cupping the backs of each other’s head and deepening their first kiss as much as they could. Sherlock knew that this was the true gift, fancy dinners and lovely unexpected dates aside. He was here with John Hamish Watson and they were together. Nothing more needed to be said, not tonight, but perhaps later. Right now was a new beginning, a road away from the painful loneliness he’d been planning for earlier this same day. “You know I love you, John.”
John didn’t know. He couldn’t organise his thoughts and feelings fast enough to process all the revelations today had brought. Mary closed her tablet, shut off her night-light and pulled the covers up tight. John just went to bed, not attempting to soothe her in any way at all. The atmosphere in their bedroom had turned from companionable to bitter, and John wondered if he’d made a mistake when he’d first considered purchasing the ring that was on her finger, then became angry with himself for thinking the thought at all.
Sherlock was going to be entirely by himself. Mummy and Papa had asked him to come to Christmas at theirs again but after all the upheaval of last year, Sherlock was uncomfortable with the idea of having to go wallow in the memories of
John raised his paper to hide the smirk on his face. Sherlock sounded confounded and John knew that his best friend couldn’t stand not actually knowing what was hidden beneath the artful paper. “That’s probably for me.”
not so repellent. Anyone who knew Sherlock Holmes even a bit, and that was a rare handful, knew how differently he treated John compared to anyone else. Oh, he lied and manipulated as much as anywhere else in his life, it kept his talents sharp to do so, and frankly, John expected it, it kept his own skills honed. John was a military doctor and had a knack for winkling out information a reluctant or possibly embarrassed, patient might be trying to not refer to, and it worked on Sherlock too. John kept the detective fed, watered, and sewn back together when required, no matter the protests and complaints. Sherlock kept experiments in the fridge next to their food, and still refused to do the shopping, but John enjoyed being in control of all of that even if he didn’t get on with self-check-out. Sherlock
He stopped talking for a long time. John found himself reaching out and pulling Sherlock in for a rare hug. Sherlock was stiff and unresponsive for only a moment before his long arms wrapped around John’s torso and tightened like steel bands, “You know you can tell me anything, ask for anything, don’t you, Sherlock. I just want you to know that. Go on, say what you need to say.”
“Madman.” John didn’t sound even a bit upset. “I love you, this is going to be great.” It was. Sherlock had never enjoyed the holidays but then, he’d never had a Christmas like this one, not one where he had a strong ardent lover whose appetite was as endless as his, whose endurance and creativity was rather breath-taking, and who knew exactly how to make Sherlock pliant and receptive, “Yours, Sherlock, I’m all yours.” Life could not possibly contain a greater gift than that.
Sherlock Holmes believed in facts and science, in hard evidence and quantifiable proof. Everyone knew this, it wasn’t a secret. What wasn’t known quite so well was that Sherlock Holmes was also a bit of a soppy sentimental romantic. He secretly celebrated anniversaries for all sorts of odd things, the day John moved in, the first time he’d gotten to give John stitches instead of John being the one holding the needle, or
back. Apologies were meaningless, he didn’t want one from John. Apologies wouldn’t undo what had happened. Reality didn’t work that way.
It made John feel a tiny bit angry that his astonishing friend had to hobble himself in so many ways.
John lost his mind. Savagely he threw himself against the glass, kicking and punching anywhere he might be able to break through, but it was impervious to his wrath. When his knuckles were bloody, and three of his toes broken as well as five of his fingers, John resorted to slamming his head against the unforgiving surface, determined to kill himself rather than live without the man he loved.
John’s eyes peeled open and he discovered that Sherlock was kneeling in front of him, still wearing only his pyjamas and robe. “What’s wrong. Are you okay? What happened?” Adrenaline rushed through John, forcing sleep away instantly.
“He has a girlfriend to speak to. Let him call her.” Sherlock was in no mood to be reasonable or accommodating with John Watson.
“What…did…you…give…me?” Speaking was so difficult, his throat felt raw and sore, he’d likely been intubated until recently, but these were vital things he needed to know.
himself from ever having sexual relations. The auction normally made good money on virgins. It had been his only saving grace, otherwise he would have been continuously raped right from his arrival until the sale.
John felt a curl of justified guilt build up inside his gut. It settled in right beside the pain that had been there for two years, the one that was now attached to the strange heat he’d been feeling in his chest all evening. He knew what remorse tasted like now and began to wonder if there was any way of taking back what he had done and doing things right the proper way, “I am sorry, Sherlock. Instead of being grateful for your return I was awful, worse than awful. I swear I won’t hurt you again. I want to check you over, to make sure you’re all right.”
for a penis so large. She was the one with the size kink, or so she had said. John had never been more miserable to be outside minimum standards.
Sherlock understood John in a way no one, not even the disturbingly perceptive Mary Morstan, had been able to do, though she had played John well. There was never a need to explain his own character to Sherlock, even if his actions often took the consulting detective by surprise, Sherlock knew exactly who John was as a human being. John was a man of many degrees, and Sherlock shockingly found all of them amiable and even interesting. John was properly humbled that a genius like Sherlock considered him a friend. He had tried for so long to respect Sherlock’s cerebral self by restraining his urge to become closer, and tonight, John knew he was losing that fight.
“If you still want to, John. We’ll have to see how you feel. Sleep now, my brave soldier.” Sherlock’s hand carded through John’s damp hair, stroking it gently until John slipped into slumber, sleeping deeply as his fever finally broke.
John was so overheated and irritated by the time he reached his stop that he completely failed to respond when his instincts screamed that he either move faster or turn around. A painful sting in his upper left arm preceded the lights around him fading. Adrenaline did it’s best to rush through his body but was foiled by the muscle relaxant he’d been given. John’s legs wobbled out from beneath him, but a strong arm hefted him up, cheerfully laughing and saying, “You old sot, I told you that all-nighters at the club would make you pay come the morning! Come along, my friend, let’s get you home.” John’s body wasn’t responding to any of his needs, like the ability to raise his head to see who was hauling out of the station.
Danny stopped smoking and stared at Sherlock, “What makes you think I need a place to stay?” He remained in the same position, not standing up, or in any way becoming aggressive or threatening.
Sherlock didn’t consider himself so but apparently, Danny did. It made him feel warm inside to be admired. He accepted the compliment and the quick rub to his arse that Danny also provided, “Handsy!” Sherlock was surprised to feel his penis twitch with interest. Waking up in a tumescent state wasn’t something that happened to him very often, so he wasn’t sure how to interpret his body’s loud declaration of attraction versus his year’s old vow to keep personal matters above the waist.
“I’m cleaning.” Harry looked around at the partially glistening room as John relieved her of the takeaway bags she was holding. “I’ll get plates.” After kissing Rosie hello, Harry followed him into the kitchen.
“I have to go but I can walk with you both to the park? How about you get her ready to go out and I’ll pack her outing bag?”
. It’s mostly just sex,” said Danny, “And a bit of intrigue, which is why we need the threesome.” He winked salaciously at Mycroft and eyed him up and down with such bold appreciation that a hint of colour touched Mycroft’s cheeks. Sherlock smirked.
“I know what you said.” White hot feelings were welling up and he couldn’t tell if they were good or bad. Sherlock didn’t know how to react. He thought they had managed to move past this, and if not past it, at least away from it. Anxiety swelled up, mixed with a trace of anger, fear, and return of humiliation. “There’s no need to repeat it. I know what you think of me, what
John didn’t hesitate this time either. He didn’t care if Sherlock’s bonding gland had been destroyed all those years ago. Satisfying a primal need in both of them, John gripped Sherlock’s hips firmly and used the leverage to force his knot inside before bending down to swiftly bite his way through the thick scar on Sherlock’s neck, piercing him deeply top and bottom. They groaned together, and John lost himself in that moment, his mouth filled with a thick sweetness he’d never tasted before, his knot being milked by the convulsive throbbing of Sherlock’s inner passage as the omega orgasmed a second time. Pulse after pulse of come filled Sherlock as John came so hard that he nearly lost consciousness. He could taste the metallic tang of blood as he released his bite, collapsing on top of Sherlock to gasp for breath as his omega trembled beneath him.
Sherlock almost orgasmed as he felt someone’s unsheathed cock inside him for the first time in his life. It was so different. Now the soldier’s cock rubbed his insides in a whole new way. Sherlock found himself mewling in the most undignified way, “You are so beautiful, my little fucktoy. I’m on leave for only another day or so and I’m going to use all my spare time fucking you. Do you want that, pretty thing? Can daddy keep fucking you until it’s time to go?”
John couldn’t seem to speak. He simply stood there, hand frozen on the door handle as he struggled to control his reactions. John looked completely confounded, his eyes wild and his face red with what looked like anger. He sounded confused when he repeated, “Emergency?” Now John was staring at Danny as if he wanted to physically rend the newest occupant of 221 B Baker Street to shreds.
As a flatmate, Sherlock had initially supplied the scenario where John could fight, followed by the need to flee authorities and their burgeoning suspicions. Sherlock had directly taken care of John’s need to feed by bringing him to his favourite Chinese for a very late dinner, but in all their years together, Sherlock had not taken care of one of John’s most cherished basic needs – the need to fuck. This week had been a busy one, the last three cases they’d worked had ended with rather vigorous tussles, an extended chase for one of them, and being chased in return before Lestrade finally showed up to pull his weight. John was
Mary and Sherlock followed until they were all back on the street properly. The beta smiled at Sherlock whenever John looked their way but once, John saw her expression twist into one of mild distaste, her eyes hard and flat. Each time John had calmed down enough to try and ask a question, the first sound from Sherlock’s mouth made him see red with rage, his nose filled with that unexpected omega scent mixed with blood, and he would lash out physically once again. John shouted things out, demanding answers but never giving Sherlock time to answer. He was nearly incoherent with a combination of overwhelming relief mixed perfectly with rage.
“I don’t know about that, exactly,” John replied who knew full well that his issue wasn’t with the food per se, “I ate a full meal last night and not a single bite troubled me.”
“Where do you think, John?” Sherlock tried to indicate John’s old room, but John just stared down the hallway toward Sherlock’s room and looked pale, “Rosie is probably already asleep, she’s with Mrs Hudson. Look, John, I can’t take her for the next few weeks. Danny and I are working on something together, and I’ll be unavailable. Give Molly a ring, I’m sure she can spare an evening here and there.”
“Yes, John, my sweet little man, look at how pretty you are.” Sherlock bucked his hips and for a moment, their pricks brushed against each other. Sherlock’s moan of appreciation was mostly a deep rumble. He knelt back and used his hand to push their erections together. Carefully, Sherlock lined them up side-by-side and rocked his hips so that he was fucking his shaft over John’s. His cock was easily twice, or even more, longer than John’s, and it was as thick as Sherlock’s wrist. It was a monster compared to John’s petiteness.
“When I’m ready, laddie, not before. I ship out too soon and who knows when I’ll get an arse this fine next? You’re going to feel me for a week. If I could, I’d fill you with so much come that it drips out of you for days.
Sherlock had a great deal of money put away, even aside from the generous Trust, enough to retire on if he so chose, and he chose. He put out the word that he was no longer in business, and spent his days doing experiments. He still had a lot of questions about things and was interested in forensic sciences as much as he ever was, but the
than one might imagine. Sherlock had a brilliant imagination, but even he had to admit that he had vastly underestimated John’s endowments. It should have been frightening but all he felt was arousal and excitement. John had overwhelmed him, disrupting Sherlock’s ability to form coherent thought nearly perfectly. It was a rush like none he’d ever experienced, and Sherlock wanted it to last forever nearly as much as he wanted John to get on with it.
He could feel it. Somewhere inside, Sherlock had tethered himself to John’s soul. There was an invisible conduit there, something shining and brilliant, and theirs.
Danny had nothing to move in apart from his messenger bag, so Mrs Hudson took Rosie to get her ready for bed while Sherlock showed his new flatmate around the building, “My room is down there, the shower is across the hall, the kitchen is for experiments, so please,
John was walking up the stairs when his mobile vibrated. It was a text from Sherlock, “Just learned that we’ll be off to Scotland to follow some leads. Back in a week. Please inform Watson that I will be bringing her a surprise upon my return.”
but now you’ve got two, no need to thank me, but he should know, right? Why didn’t you tell me he was so pretty in real life? None of those press shots does him justice at all. Does he still have the hat? If he does, we can get him to wear it. I know some single alphas looking for someone, he’d do well by them. He’s far too old to be gadding about single and vulnerable. If they won’t do, I know some nice strong alpha ladies who could settle him down. He needs a firm hand, obviously.”
had an abundance of family as well as other friends to celebrate with during the holidays. They hadn’t discussed it. There was no point in discussion when it was so obvious. Sherlock knew that John would be leaving, probably until the New Year had arrived, off to somewhere quaint and homey, and surrounded by kith and kin.
A short while later, John and Sherlock were signing their way into the Diogenes club. John was lightening Sherlock’s mood by deliberately asking the valet poorly phrased questions. He was fluent in both BSL as well as ASL but was secure enough with who he was to play the buffoon for his friend’s benefit. The club employees didn’t outright snub Sherlock, but they certainly made him aware that they found his existence irksome and only tolerable because of his older brother’s membership. John had never been one to abide that kind of attitude, especially toward Sherlock so whenever they had to be there, the small doctor tested the limits of their service contracts by asking how their goiter was doing and inferring that the old chap at the door had spent an invigorating evening in a bondage club the night before. Like always, it amused Sherlock intently so by the time they arrived at Mycroft’s rooms, the omega was in a less aggravated state of mind. “When were you going to tell me?”
John urged Sherlock to go have a wash while he cleaned up the kitchen. The blast of hot water rinsed away the last of his misery, leaving behind only exhaustion and lethargy. Sherlock shaved closely, and afterwards, he cleaned his mouth every way he could manage in order to rid himself of any last trace of eggnog induced unhappiness. Sherlock debated for a moment about dressing before settling on clean pyjamas and his robe. He was a little nervous about seeing John now that his hangover was gone but by the time he left his room, his friend had taken himself away for his own shower.
, brother.” Sherlock got the picture. He didn’t need more descriptive prose about it. He was extremely tired now. Without meaning to, Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed once more. This time, however, he felt completely at peace, safe and relaxed. He slept a deeply healing sleep for the first time in a long time.
Sherlock’s eyes closed when his chest began to feel painfully tight. It was difficult to breathe. He knew there was a small percentage of individuals that had adverse reactions to
John was sleeping in Rosie’s room on a thick matt near her expandable cot. John didn’t want the bed he’d shared with Mary and had sent the mattresses to be professionally cleaned before delivery to a waiting charity. Camping out wasn’t so bad, even if it all was going shockingly fast. Rosie loved the new setup, rolling around his quilt and pillow for ages before she was willing to go to her own bed. He was going to disassemble her cot on the day of the move so that his daughter could retain the small familiar comfort of it for as long as possible. After checking each room to ensure that no donatable item had been left behind, John worked off his stress by continuing his cleaning efforts. By the time two am rolled around, John had scrubbed his old house everywhere he could figure out how to reach.
certainly could. I know you’ve fantasized about taking it up the bum.” Mary laughed nastily, “He’d split you in two, his cock is so fucking huge. It’s like this deformity between his legs. I mean, he’s fun and everything but yeah, thank goodness you’re always willing to give me a bit more than a rub-up.”
called. He was worried that we’d been delayed for some horrible reason, and then he tried to blame himself as if he’d forgotten to send us an invite when it was your job to tell your own family what was going on. We saw wedding photos on social media, you looked like you were literally shitting your pants. Tell me that’s just how you look when you’re actually happy these days because mum was ready to call the police and tell them that you were being coerced.”
Mycroft left, and Sherlock ordered John to follow him to their bedroom. The bed was still messy, so John tidied it up so that Sherlock could haul down their suitcases. He made John stand by the wardrobe to hold hangers while Sherlock carefully folded away a broad selection for both of them. He ordered John to check and load his handgun, so John did so with military precision. He always kept it cleaned and oiled, so it only took a few minutes before it was tucked into the new back holster that was threaded onto his belt so that the weapon was snug and secure, out of sight, but within easy reach. “There you are, my John, a proper soldier.” Sherlock fussed with John’s jumper, tugging it straight and making sure the collar of his shirt wasn’t crooked.
, so much better than you did the last time I saw you, and if Danny is responsible for that, then that’s good enough for me.”
It was awful at 221 B Baker Street. John felt cold and alone. Mrs Hudson wasn’t even there, she was still on her cruise with Mrs Turner. John took a bit of time to bin all the mouldy food now present in the fridge, considerately bagging samples of everything for Sherlock to play with later, before ordering a massive selection from his favourite Thai takeaway. John showered and shaved, and by the time his food arrived, he was re-dressed and feeling more like himself. While he ate, the silence gave him an opportunity to really think about everything that had happened since Sherlock had come back. John felt it was a bit ironic that he was the unstable one considering how much trauma that Sherlock had undergone. Yes, Sherlock had been a tad over-the-top with his recent demands but the very fact that he was alive to make them made it easy for John to remain over-indulgent with his mate. After all, he was the one who couldn’t seem to pull himself together. John felt a bit guilty for being so fragile when Sherlock had dealt with so much for so long, and he’d done it alone. That was no small feat for any gender, being an omega made it the most amazing achievement John could imagine.
His legs were spread, the strange alpha’s thigh keeping them apart, and John could see that Sherlock’s flies had already been undone and that his zipper was down. The room was drenched in defensive pheromones as Sherlock chemically called for help. He looked pasty and ill instead of flush with arousal.
John took another round of tablets and allowed himself to be taken away chemically, sleeping in his tuxedo and shoes, simply unwilling to be awake when the world wasn’t where he wanted to be any longer. He needed his rest, at any rate. His presentation was in the morning, and he needed to be ready for it.
John looked concerned, shifting closer to take Sherlock’s hand in his. He moved carefully, touching Sherlock with delicacy and the small motion made Sherlock’s heart feel strange. Anxiety ratcheted upward, and his sore heart beat frantically for a moment. He was simultaneously horrified and thrilled that John was so close. Sherlock had visions of himself attempting to jerk his hand away but instead, his entire body went limp with relief at the contact, his transport completely out of tune with his mind. “I can’t tell you how happy I am to see you alert again. Your eyes…” John trailed off for a moment before he continued, his gaze soft and serious at the same time, “I’ve missed seeing your eyes. I thought I’d never get to look into them again.”
starving himself slowly, eating less each day that passed. His self-loathing was overwhelming his self-preservation.
Mycroft voiced a warning in a gentle voice, “Have a care, brother. John is nearly lost to you. Don’t allow your frustrations lead him to believe that he is worthless. You know how insecure John is, he needs to be needed.”
John seemed to see Sherlock everywhere that day. He was always on the edge of John’s peripheral vision or walking past in one direction or another. He didn’t seem to spend time with any particular person, the detective just drifted around, exchanging a few words here or there, but otherwise not involving himself in any of the many intense conversations that had blossomed. They were even signed up for many of the same lectures, though John often didn’t know it until the end because Sherlock always sat behind him somewhere.
“I can take care of myself, John.” Sherlock knew he sounded testy but it was the only way to get John to stop. Sherlock could hold his own against a large number of human opponents in a physical fight, as long as they didn’t use iron against him, and during this season of good cheer, his powers were especially strong, buoyed up by the happy hopefulness of the masses.
Sherlock had no schedule to keep and no one to answer to. “Oh yes, daddy, let me be your boy. Fuck me as much as you can. I’ll suck your perfect cock and you can come all over my face and chest. Cover me in come.” Sherlock rarely had the opportunity to indulge in extended play with a lover. Most of his bedmates came and went within an hour, never to be seen or enjoyed again. Now his lover had him on his back, forcing his slim body into a tight curl as he rammed into him. Sherlock couldn’t stop himself now, “Oh…oh…oh…I’m coming,
hurt you like that again. I will never raise my hand against you, all I want to do is spend the rest of my days trying to make up for the purely awful way I’ve behaved. I would like to know if I still have the privilege of calling you my best friend. I would understand if I can't, not after... there are no excuses. I am a complete and utter shit and we all know it. I’m going to be better from now on, for your sake, for Rosie, and maybe one day, even for myself.”
Stretching out beside Rosie’s cot, John pulled a blanket over himself, shifted around until he was as comfortable as possible before closing his eyes. His mobile was clutched in his hand, Sherlock’s message still open, and a small hopeful smile on his face as he fell asleep.
Sherlock couldn’t tolerate the idea of going back to the flat. Instead, he went right for one of his old hiding places, pulled out a spare kit, and administered his solution as soon as he could. In the wee hours of the morning he stumbled home, his transport on autopilot, his mind a blank, his heart a hollow shell. Mrs Hudson let him in, and with soft words got him back upstairs and into bed. She petted his curls and kissed his temple before leaving him to sleep himself out.
files in front of Rosie, provided she didn’t see anything disturbing, but that now meant his evidence board was constantly shrouded. There were no experiments to be conducted, no hazardous materials to be allowed within the flat, and definitely no saying no just because Sherlock wanted to do something else. He was expected to silently accept Rosie whenever she was presented, no questions asked, and it was happening with greater frequency, too, because John…
John looked at Sherlock who was staring back at him. The omega’s gaze darted up and down John’s body, and soon enough, the conflicted scent of Sherlock’s upset increased dramatically. Sherlock and John both knew that Mycroft was right, but neither would bend enough to admit it. “We can’t be apart. I need him close to help me heal faster,” Sherlock argued contentiously.
John made Sherlock sit up and drink the entire glass. When they were done, John got Sherlock tucked into bed. The doctor surprised him by sliding naked under the covers with him, spooning up to Sherlock’s back, and holding him tight, “John?” The sensation was as overwhelming as the almost-sex had been. John seemed to be plastered against him like living armour and it was nice.
“Of course, love.” John nervously followed Sherlock to his bedroom and didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. “Should I..?” John jerked a thumb toward the living room, indicating his willingness to sleep on the sofa.
Sherlock’s smile was brilliant. He looked happy, and now his cheeks were pink with pleasure, “Is today too soon?”
Mycroft paused to consider what would hurt him the least, upsetting one of his peers or his volatile and devious brother, especially when he was backed by an equally angry appearing and possibly mildly physically threatening new boyfriend. “Very well, but I will meet you out front in ten minutes, we may as well just go.”
John looked hurt and even a touch offended. “I didn’t think you had,” he protested. John opened his mouth to say something more, but it was clear to Sherlock that he changed his mind and said something else entirely, “You missed your last round of meds. They need to be taken with food.”
Against the odds, they were together again at 221 B Baker Street. Despite everything, new scars and all, they’d both survived years of unpleasant surprises and even less enjoyable separations. There were no more chances to lose, no more opportunities to allow to slip by. It was time.
John knew he had to change, right now, or his sister’s concerns would become an ongoing reality. He had no right to be bent out of shape when all Sherlock had done was sit beside his partner
John nearly lost consciousness from the force of the impact and the first thing he did was check for Sherlock. His omega was slumped over the steering wheel, momentarily stunned but already coming back. “John! Are you unharmed?”
“Irreverent but challenge accepted. You know I’m a scientist John, I will demand repeat performances of any sex act you wish to try, for the data.”
Task complete, they took a break. Mrs Hudson had an herbal soother, and Sherlock joined her, feeling a bit guilty about it but then shrugging it off because Mrs Hudson rarely asked for company when she did so. It was well into the afternoon, and even with the slightly longer than required break, they had time for the next phase of their plans.
John cleared his throat and managed to not look at Danny, who had his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder. “Rosie and I need a place to stay for a few weeks. I’m going to use the money from the house to get a smaller place somewhere else, but I need to look around. I didn’t expect this place to go so quickly, but apparently, this area is in demand. I only have to decide on a bid, but after, I need someplace to call home in the interim while I view properties suitable to raise Rosie in.”
“Best come with me, dearie.” Mrs Hudson just kept smiling gently and holding his hand. “Your brother and the Detective Inspector can come as well if you’d prefer.”
Once he was home, John tried to brew a cup of tea but ended up sobbing over the sink, self-hatred filling him once more as he recalled the coppery tang of blood on the air as he beat Sherlock with his bare fists. He wished for whiskey but knew he couldn’t start drinking again. He’d nearly done himself in the last time he’d binged and binge he would if even a drop passed his lips. He couldn’t forget how Sherlock had pissed blood for a week because of how hard John had kicked his kidneys, of the mess of scars on Sherlock’s once pristine body that he’d gotten while he disappeared for two years to save John’s pathetic life. Even that horrific image could not top the pain of betrayal that Sherlock’s face expressed when he’d caught John with that man.
back again. When Sherlock entered the kitchen, he noticed an immediate difference. For one, there were actual cooking utensils in the drawer, and the cupboard was once again stocked with plates and bowls of various sizes. Sherlock felt a lump in his throat as he recognized the collection of familiar patterns. John didn’t own a single matching piece. He’d bought everything at second-hand stores one item at a time, getting whatever was cheap or eye-catching. Sherlock had to swallow hard as he took down a newly re-shelved mug. It had butterflies splashed around the rim, and there was a crack in the handle. He nearly kissed it but restrained himself, brewing a cup of tea to drink instead.
Mycroft was silent for several minutes, obviously lost in thought. When he spoke, he sounded cautious, “I believe that we need to speak to Doctor Watson. I have the feeling that we are missing some key facts. Further, I believe that you will never be able to put this behind you until we ask those questions and get those answers.”
It was a damnable situation to be stuck in. John was technically a widower now, and childless to boot. He loved the girl he’d thought was his daughter but finding out that his late wife had cheated on him had predicated the following blood-test, and now, his little Rosie was being raised by the extended family of Charles Augustus Magnussen, the very man his flatmate had killed right in front of him. It was all too bitter-sweet to think on, especially now.
. “He married a woman and moved into his own house nearly two years ago. He’s widower now. Rosie is his.”
Sherlock watched from the sofa as John painstakingly tapped out a text. Every single character he sent off into the aether made him furious.
Then there was John Watson. John deserved more than a mental paragraph because he was the one human being who made
Sherlock forgot what they’d been arguing about. He was so completely shocked that he stopped speaking. That’s when the laughter had begun, the taunting delight that started small but soon caught on like wildfire
“You’re the only one I’d ever permit,” Sherlock confessed back, his body arching and stretching. “Please, John, make me come. I want you to come in me. I want you to be mine. I want…”
. John knew Sherlock had been a virgin by choice and had idled more than one night away fantasizing about what it would be like to show Sherlock what he was missing. Those musings had happened long ago, before
Disappointingly, Mycroft met them at the entrance, circumventing their childish prank, and instead, guided them toward a long sleek town car that was waiting for them, “Allow me to offer you both congratulations on the brevity of your courtship.”
. If Sherlock gave the word, Mycroft would dig and dig and dig until every single fact about Lisa had been uncovered. He would use all his connections to subtly destroy her life and the life of John Watson. Sherlock had no feelings about that. He couldn’t ask, not right now. His emotions seemed to be used up, just then, he was empty of everything.
The wretched thing was wide enough to graze across his prostate, teasing him. Whenever Sherlock moved, it rocked back and forth. If he sat, it pressed firmly. If he stood, it dragged at his anus. In the end, Sherlock found that the only way to be comfortable was to lay in bed with a pillow beneath his hips. The plug pressed in via its own weight, but it was the least stimulating way to keep himself. Sherlock opened one of John’s medical journals and began to read. He made his way through a dozen articles before his eyes slid shut and he began to nap.
. John’s heart was in his throat as he listened to the muffled voices grunting as they struggled. A crack of gunfire made him jump and all the breath left his body as a leg slithered into camera range and stopped moving. John couldn’t see the rest of the figure, but the leg was wearing a fine cut trouser made of a material John immediately recognized.
His hand rose to his neck, unconsciously touching the scar that was denying them what nature had provided, the ability to bond. John reached for that same hand and brought it down to hold his. The omega had clearly been bothering the area repeatedly. It was red and swollen looking, and John made a mental note to find some ointment to sooth it. The bite hadn’t been Sherlock’s fault, and he’d paid a terrible price to break himself free of the non-consenting bondage that it had meant. The omega’s emotions were sometimes raw, and his mind wasn’t as nimble as it used to be. Sherlock spooked easily, and over-reacted frequently, far more than he’d ever done in the past. He still had nightmares, they both did. It had been worse in the last two weeks, but John had chalked it up to the tension being built up from forced inactivity. They were better for being together, both men taking comfort in the company of their chosen mate no matter what. “You
to be in a proper relationship with John and had no factual excuse not to. It was all in his head. He had been sexually abused in his dreams, not reality, and the fears he still felt were based on delusions. “Processing what I recall from that and reconciling it to what happened in real time is ongoing. Apologies, John. I know this makes things difficult for you. I don’t…I don’t want you to feel like you’ve ever done anything to make me react negatively toward you.”
It wasn’t the worst day he’d ever lived through, but it wasn’t the best, either. It was his birthday but there was no cake, no presents, no friends, nothing. Mrs Hudson had said that she was going to do something special for him but she never got the chance. Instead, the worried older woman had needed to rush off to her sister’s who had sprained her leg falling on ice only that morning. His landlady needed to leave as soon as she could to assist the last of her family through the holidays. She didn’t expect to be back until the middle of February, depending on how well her sister recuperated. Sherlock spent his 38
Sherlock knew that his very nature brought out the worst in humans. There was something about being near him that triggered them to reveal the darkest parts of themselves. All humans had blackness inside, they couldn’t help it, it was how they were made. Sherlock worked endlessly to understand it, and he was getting better, but mostly because of John’s invaluable assistance.
John brought the snacks downstairs, shared a cup of tea with Mrs Hudson before excusing himself to continue with the laundry. By the time it was all done, Rosie had been long since tucked into bed for the night, Mrs Hudson had enjoyed her herbal soother and was also asleep, and John was still alone in the flat. All the laundry had been folded and left on Sherlock’s bed, except for the towels. John switched out Sherlock’s bathroom linen with his own since Sherlock’s idea of bath towel was the same as the ones for kitchen towels. John’s were at least the proper size, and wonderfully absorbent to boot. After a quick shower, and one last look around, John made himself stop waiting for Sherlock to come home and went to sleep.
John didn’t really want to go to bed but he knew Sherlock was right and appreciated his gentle urging to go rest. “I suppose. I do enjoy just spending time with you, though.”
The rest of the afternoon passed in a blur. John didn’t recall anything he’d heard, hadn’t written a single note, and couldn’t even remember the names of the guest lecturers. There was a final dinner planned, and one more night in the hotel. John wasn’t sure he could endure it and began to mentally calculate the effort involved in leaving early. He’d need to rebook his train tickets, and he’d have to pay the room fee whether he stayed in it or not, it was far too late to cancel. It was also very late. He’d end up spending most of his time at the station waiting to leave. It just made no sense, but at the same time, being so close to someone who had once meant everything to him was hard to deal with.
The room smelled heavily of ejaculate, so this wasn’t the first round, not by a long shot, and the scent was amplified by a fresh addition of genetic material, his orgasm heralded by Mary’s triumphant sigh as her lover filled her to overflowing.
“It will never be better, Danny. I don’t know who has John. Is it one of my enemies? One of yours? John’s? What if someone was still angry with his late wife, what if they’ve taken him because they can’t have her? Danny!” Sherlock’s mind couldn’t stop generating horrific images of John being tortured, humiliated, broken, or even killed. He had never felt so helpless, so without a plan or direction. He couldn’t control the mess in his mind, everything was chaotic and unfocused because John was not there and might never be again.
John tried to ignore it.  He needed to focus, to put all distractions aside. His comparatively nose-deaf beta girlfriend, Mary, was just re-seating herself and he forced himself to focus on her. She deserved it. He had been so ill and disconnected when they’d met but she’d helped him through it all until he was back on his feet and functional once more. John barely recalled how their relationship had begun, but it had solidified over the last year, mostly due to Mary’s unusual persistence. He was very grateful to her for being so patient, so focused. She was the one who had convinced him to try, even though she wasn’t an omega. He was fairly certain they could work out all their possible problems together because she was just that good for him.
Sherlock shook his head, signally silently for John to remain quiet. Another voice, male, spoke softly, “I don’t think they’re here, Aggie, let’s check inside some of these places.”
Sherlock forwarded the tiny scraps of information he found to his brother. No matter how it made him feel, Sherlock was determined to do anything at all in order to find John and bring him home.
John blinked at the stream of unexpected messages and stumbled to his front door. When he opened it, he discovered Sherlock, arms laden with shopping bags, and a sheepish expression, “Sherlock?”
“What?” Danny sat up, his eyes going up and down Sherlock’s body hotly, “A virgin? How did I manage that, again?”
“It’s my new life mission, then,” stated Danny grandly, “I’m going to make Sherlock blush all the time.”
John wasn’t sure he could bear an evening looking at Sherlock smiling face. He didn’t deserve Sherlock’s smiles. He didn’t deserve the happiness he could see radiating off the tall man in front of him. He really didn’t deserve the warm squeeze of his fingers that Sherlock gave him, but he had no right denying Sherlock anything, “Sure.”
he was going to work seven days a week. When he was on the pull, John reeked of his aftershave and wore a properly pressed a shirt instead of choosing one of his wash and wear ones, and even polished his shoes, all the normal Watson date behaviours of old.
“No, not pathetic at all. Alex was…Alex was pure. It wasn’t just that he’d never had a lover. He had principles. He was good. He was talented in more ways than I ever had time to learn, but some things…for some things he was spectacularly ignorant.” Sherlock laughed as he heard John’s own words come from a different mouth, and nearly cried from the unexpected intensity of it. Danny sniffled, his eyes filling again, but he used a tissue to clean himself up and smiled damply up at Sherlock, “He was a lot like you, I think. Brainy. Beautiful. He studied or practiced all the time. I was the only person he made time for, the only one who made time for him. It wasn’t anything incredible. We hung around my shitty flat. We lay in my bed and just…talked. It was difficult for Alex to relax, at first. It scared him, intimacy, he never expected to want to have some. He didn’t know how to handle how it made him feel. His family was, well, let’s just say they were
Sherlock took note of how serious Danny’s face was, how deeply the man was looking at him. Danny seemed wound tight suddenly, almost dangerous, and Sherlock felt something inside him stir, “I’m no stranger to long term intrigue, especially at levels like this. I can help you, Danny, and if I cannot, I know someone who can.”
John felt almost like he needed to cry. This entire evening was so much more than he could ever have expected and he was awash with emotions. Sherlock was kissing him once more and it was difficult to do more than feel exultant over that fact. What he wasn’t expecting was for Sherlock to pull away with an expression of deep regret nor to hear Sherlock say, “I know you miss Mary, and I’m not trying to replace her. All I can hope for is that someday I might be able to approach her in the degree of regard you hold.”
“Tell me again what evidence you have of John’s indiscretion. I need to know everything you know if I am to pursue this to the fullest possible level.” Mycroft pulled up a chair and listened carefully as Sherlock explained how John had begun hiding something from him, and that his secret became more and more obvious. He went into detail regarding John’s reactions and physical presentations when Sherlock accused him of infidelity and reminded Mycroft that he’d ignored his mobile in favour of the cheap temporary one now in pieces. “I don’t know how much proof I’m supposed to provide before ending an unfaithful relationship, Mycroft. John was cheating on me, his body-language practically screams ‘strictly heterosexual’ whenever he’s around anyone female. He’s refused to tell anyone that we were together. He still insists he’s not gay to anyone who will listen. John Watson is...is...he’s not to be trusted.”
“Keep your apologies, Watson. It’s far too late for that, now.” Sherlock angrily wiped away his tears and stood tall. “Good
my arse, Sherlock pretends to be a detective when we all know he’s just fucking clients for money. He’s a rent-boy, that’s it, that’s all he’ll ever be, he can’t help it, he’s an omega! He’s made to be fucked, all he wants is to be fucked, nothing else matters to him. No omega has the brains to be even close to clever. All they can do is make babies.”
Women were kind to him when they finally saw it, and complimented him, but he knew the truth – they were just being polite because while his prick was tiny, his oral skills in bed were what he used to make up for what he lacked elsewhere. If he couldn’t satisfy a woman with his nubbin then he could at least do so with his tongue.
The omega registered their intent to wed the moment he felt prepared enough or attempted to. He had not expected the formal letter denying their application and had stormed off to the government offices to complain, his alpha by his side. The representative behind the counter had not been impressed by his loud deductions and aggressive stance, “You are an omega, sir, your partner is an alpha. The United Kingdom does not possess a legal process that weds those genders together. If one of you were beta, then yes, but pardon my bluntness, you’re supposed to
No one said a word as Sherlock left, case unsolved, and climbed into a taxi. He didn’t know where he wanted to be, so he just gave the driver all the money in his wallet and told him to drive until it was used up. Sherlock stared out the window, dry-eyed and heart-broken all over again. He turned his temporary mobile off and kept it off. Later, Sherlock directed the driver to leave him in a very particular neighbourhood, and without overthinking what he was doing, found a drug den.
problem. He hadn’t made a fuss about it, he’d just gone ahead and done it. Sherlock felt a twinge of something he couldn’t define. John made no accusation, gave no hint of disappointment. He was understanding and careful, anticipating each stage of recovery, and easing Sherlock along as gently as he could. They knew each other well, and in a crisis, John could always be counted on, he was thorough, steadfast, watchful, and professional.
fault that this case, and who knows how many other cases, have gone on to bad ends. How many people have died while you haven’t worked, Sherlock? How many people have been lost, or things of value used against someone, or just…just…” John’s shoulders bowed, and he stood hunched over the sink, obscuring his face from Sherlock, “
Sherlock looked serious, “John Watson, I would very much like to lay down with you for a nap. I also would like to clearly state that nothing sexual needs to happen, but if it does, then I am more than amenable. I am clean. After I went through rehab three years ago, I agreed to be regularly tested, a condition my brother insisted upon. I am perfectly healthy.”
The surgery lasted for a long time, and Sherlock’s heart stopped twice more. Each time, John felt the chasm in his soul open, and when Sherlock’s heart beat again, it closed up and merged with the heat inside John’s chest. Finally, the burn grew and spread, filling John’s body with comforting heat and he
what he was referring to and only her physiology as an omega had made it possible for her to temporarily mate with John. They’d never managed outside of heat. “But that didn’t matter to me, we were good together, or I thought we were.”
“The mail key, too, John. Now, if you please.” Sherlock tried to harden his heart as he witnessed John’s struggle to part with his last link to 221 B Baker Street, but it was a painful necessity.
was right up front, but Sherlock barely glanced at him. John, however, received several piercingly direct looks from the podium, so many that a few of the attendees craned their necks to see exactly who it was that had his attention, and more than once, John heard his own name being mentioned in the crowd. When Sherlock was done, he received thunderous applause and was quickly surrounded by eager fans who pressed him for autographs and conversation.
He felt his mind recalibrating itself, taking in all the new information, adjusting for the time that had passed. He was still working on leaving behind the vividness of the nightmare, though. Logically he knew that his mind had created a construct to deal with the physical pain he had subconsciously experienced despite the heavy sedatives and had made him live in that construct until he was finally allowed to awaken. John was not to blame for any mental damage that had occurred, but regardless, it was there. Sherlock had been afraid of John,
Sherlock knew where the combination washer/dryer was, so he took his soiled garments and did as he was told. When he came back, he stood in the kitchen with his eyes downcast, waiting for his next order. His arse ached fiercely but he didn’t dare ask for medical intervention. John cooked his own lunch, humming contentedly while he worked at reheating something from the fridge which he divided into two portions. It was stir-fry, and John gave Sherlock no chance to decline, “Every bite.”
“I don’t believe in sin because I am an atheist, Mycroft, as are you! I don’t want to wait for some stogey old politicians to emerge from the dark ages of social history, I just want to marry John. Is that too much to ask?”
The first push into Sherlock’s body took more effort than John was comfortable with and he almost went back to using his fingers. Sherlock’s hands were on his hips suddenly and he rasped out, “This is one of the best parts,” before yanking. John shouted wordlessly as the head of his cock was swallowed up. Sherlock’s head fell back and he keened out a sound that made John edge towards orgasm even faster.
“Amusing, John, but worth considering. We’re at the airport now and we’ll be going dark, though not by choice. It’s very nearly Neolithic around here, no wireless. I’ll talk to you in a week. Don’t forget to give my message to Watson.”
John was laughing now, “No, no, no, they don’t actually live in space.” John explained the worldwide network of scientific endeavours, the countless numbers of people involved, and the ever-growing list of off-world projects that were going on or being planned for. Sherlock was floored, “How do you not know this?” John exclaimed, “I thought science was your thing.”
Sherlock wasn’t given a chance to offer even the weakest of excuses. John made Sherlock kneel on the floor beside their bed, “Scream if you need to, this is really going to hurt.” John had a leather belt in his hand and he used it with precision. Sherlock manfully attempted to keep his yelps inside, but John worked him over from his shoulders all the way down to his thighs, and Sherlock was ignominiously screaming in no time. Each strike was accompanied by a loud crack as the cured leather met bared flesh, preceding the shock of pain that immediately followed. John continued to strike Sherlock until he collapsed, laid out flat onto the floor. “You disappointed me so much, pet.”
You have a mission. You are going to go back to that Victorian time-capsule you revere so much, dig yourself in, and let your man see how you feel about him! Damn it, John! You are British! Giving up so easily is nearly treason! Danny is a bump in the road, that’s all. Stiff upper lip, or
When he woke next, John and his fellow prisoner were fed, dosed, scrubbed, re-shaved, outfitted, and shoved back in the fishbowl. This time, they were given a cosh to share between them and four opponents to fight. John found it easy to follow the other man’s lead. They fought together as if they’d been by each other’s side for years. Deftly, they swapped the cosh back and forth between them, shattering knees, throats, elbows, and jaws before putting down one opponent after another until they were out of people to fight. John had no time to think of Sherlock, or anyone, not until he came back to consciousness inside his cell. Then, the empty hours were filled with regretful mourning.
“You always were a bit of a voyeur, John.” Sherlock's eyes were gentle now, and filled with something that John knew had been hidden away inside his friend, love. “I believe you are right, John. We have been hiding from one another, and it has indeed been far too long a time to keep such pointless secrets. I accept. I am very willing to marry you, John, but when it comes to the Work, I’m going to ask for a threesome. I can’t do it without you.”
John hated himself so much, even after the thrashing stopped and sleep took over. He managed to get Sherlock on the sofa, took the jumper off his own body to lay it against Sherlock’s torso to comfort him with its warmth, and sat in his chair to agonize once again. John didn’t know what to do. He needed to have sex. He was a healthy functioning man who had always had a higher than average sex drive. John was acutely aware that his feelings for Sherlock were entirely inappropriate and had several times considered moving away just to spare the man the indignity of having yet another person anxious to get into his pants. John had spent years witnessing people attempting to seduce Sherlock and they had always been met with a cold rebuff and a hint of revulsion. He felt dirty and base, and the sensation of having committed infidelity was stronger than ever. He just did not know how to proceed.
today. After he was ready for the day, he called a realtor he’d met during one of Sherlock’s many cases, and they were more than happy to give him a bit of assistance. It was a good beginning, he needed to remove himself from his misery and step into a place that was healthier.
Sherlock had thought a great deal on the many ways he’d gone so wrong, devoting his entire mentality upon the task.
Sherlock didn’t want that. He didn’t want to feel good while John raped him. He had no choice though, John knew Sherlock’s body better than he did, using all his specialised skill to stoke Sherlock’s unwanted arousal until his slave was moaning steadily. “John, please.”
times before giving in to his own urges, but this wasn’t a date. It was a random hook-up and they both knew it. By the time he made it through her flat door, he was already laced into his shoes and buttoning up his coat.
angry that he went ahead and did something unspeakable right in front of the entire complement of Lestrade’s division before Sherlock could utter a word to defend himself, “You really
John knew he was being given more miracles than he’d ever hoped to deserve. Humbly, bent forward even deeper, pressing his forehead to the floor, not rewarding himself with further sight of his omega until he’d been given permission. He would treat Sherlock like the benevolent angel he was; Sherlock Holmes was the most incredible person John had ever had the fortune to know, and he would never cease worshipping him and counting every moment in his presence as a blessing. “Till my last breath,” he promised and fell completely still, waiting for an order.
It was only a matter of time before a case took them outside of London. A series of thefts throughout a small collection of villages was causing a great deal of financial as well as community damage. Suspects were everywhere and for days, John and Sherlock went from town to town collecting evidence and interviewing witnesses. John called off work for the immediate future, and for two weeks, they did nothing else but move from hotel to hotel. It was gruelling as well as expensive, and eventually, John stopped booking separate rooms and began booking just one. In such small villages, there wasn’t often a lot of choices and by day thirteen, John was compelled to settle for a single room with one double bed. The next closest available room was a fifty-minute drive away in the rain, and both men were exhausted, “I don’t care, Sherlock. We’ve got our pyjamas, I’m tired as hell, the room comes with a hot dinner ready to eat and endless hot water in the shower. I’m starving. I’m cold. We’ll take it.”
Sherlock looked over everything carefully and a strange expression had grown on his face. His eyes were dark and sombre, “Why John? Why all of this?”
Glad to meet you at last!” A second heavy punch took him in his stomach, and Sherlock bent in two, struggling not to vomit, his throat filling as he swallowed convulsively, “Arsehole!” she shouted. A savage open-hand slap made him lose the bag he was carrying, and his glassware shattered on the sidewalk.
“Very much, John Watson.” John noticed that the Holmes brothers tended toward excessive formality whenever they were presented with emotionally charged situations. His instincts hadn’t been wrong then, Sherlock was definitely attracted to him and was accepting John’s subtle offer of more. He couldn’t rush this. Sherlock wasn’t very experienced, or experienced at all, was he? John wondered what he should try next.
She was right to feel uncomfortable as well as confused. John himself couldn’t articulate his issues nor formulate the questions he needed to ask. He sighed, his shoulder’s slumping, “Can I sleep here tonight? I’ll start looking for a flat tomorrow.” He’d have to arrange for another dismal bedsit. The chances of finding another flat on short notice were almost zero.
When the front door pushed opened, Danny yanked up Sherlock’s pyjamas but not before John got an eyeful of where Danny’s fingers had been, and there was no hiding the fact that Sherlock had several centimetres of hard cock in his mouth. Danny grabbed the Union Jack pillow and hid his lap as Sherlock pulled off and sat up, “What the fuck, John! Don’t you knock?” Danny demanded with furious indignation, “I know you
Sherlock knew that hesitating wouldn’t get him out of this and that it wasn’t wise to risk angering his master over something he couldn’t stop anyway. Bracing himself, Sherlock leaned in and forced himself to lap at John’s tiny tight anus. It was a bit darker than the rest of his skin but not much. It was wrinkled and hard, but oddly, the tissue itself was very soft. Sherlock was surprised to find that it didn’t taste very different than John’s penis had, a bit musky, a tad salty, but not grotesque. He swept his tongue in circles, pressing and licking until John was sighing with contentment, “That’s just lovely. Go on, push inside. I want to feel your tongue sliding in and out.”
Sherlock wasn’t allowed to do more than walk sedately, needing support from John while he did so because his muscles were like jelly,
I’m not standing for that. You’re my very best friend, John Watson, the only person in the world who has my regard.” Sherlock was standing up straight, a look of utter defiance on his face.
John understood what Sherlock had felt like when he had seen Mary for the first time. The detective hadn’t known about her. It was obvious Sherlock hadn’t a clue that John moved on from his old life and was at the cusp of beginning a brand-new life, one that made no room for the late Sherlock Holmes to be in it. John spirits plunged downward. He was drowning in a thousand recollections of Sherlock’s retrospectively obvious personal pain
“Thank you. I don’t know what you did but thank you.” Sherlock felt like he knew the voice. His body instinctively relaxed to hear it, but he couldn’t put a name to it. He tried to look but there was a blinding whiteness to the world. More pain stabbed into his eyes and he slammed his lids shut once more, “Sherlock, it’s me. You’re going to be alright. It’s okay to keep your eyes closed. We’re dimming the lights now, it’s been a while since you’ve been awake, so we don’t want to hurt you. In case you’re wondering, you’re in a special bed, face down, kind of like a massage table.”
. John watched as Sherlock’s nose scrunched up as a look of utter distaste twisted his features, “Are you actually hitting on me when I’m beside a
is right! Why did he begin dating this person? Why did he take her to places that were special to him and I? Why did he choose to lie, choose to cheat, why? Why bother taking up with me if he had no intentions of being faithful. John knew me, or I thought he did. I cannot tolerate this. I won’t. I just...won’t. It’s all or nothing, Mycroft. Either my lover is mine alone, or I am alone. There are no half-measures, no in-betweens. It’s...I am who I am, brother. I’ve never sought out intimacy, you know I have not, and to discover that my lover has corrupted what was between us is...I cannot deal with it. I won’t. It’s over. I cannot love if I cannot trust.”
It seemed appropriate to bend down and kiss John, so he did. The doctor fit perfectly in his arms, and it felt so nice to have their mouths press together as they were right then. John made a rumbling sound right before the kiss was deepened, both men hungrily trying to consume the other. Sherlock’s body felt sluggish yet again, but this time the languorous sensation was due to the intensity of his arousal. “I have no idea what I’m doing. Not a clue.”
For some reason, John had assumed Sherlock would still come on his own. Danny had been unexpected and unwelcome, even though John had agreed to see them both. Reality had been harsher than he’d prepared himself for, but then John reminded himself of all the times Sherlock had interacted with Mary.
“You’re a good man, John Watson.” Sherlock smiled down, his face crinkling up in a way that John knew few people apart from himself ever got to see.
at puzzles.” Sherlock and Danny were standing nearly nose to nose now. Something was crackling in the air between them, and Sherlock felt his transport responding to the stranger’s scent, unwashed, unshaved, unfamiliar, and oh so appealing, “Let me help you.”
John looked extremely pleased with himself and made no effort to lead Sherlock to view other displays, content to allow the rapturous consulting detective to pore over this one, taking in every detail meticulously. After a good long while though, John’s tummy grumbled. Sherlock stood, knowing his friend would require some kind of sustenance, “Shall we?”
John looked at Sherlock and smiled gently, “I worry about you, Sherlock. I want to protect you, to keep you safe. You live dangerously and I’d never stop you but you were gone from me for three entire years and I missed you so much. You might disappear again. You might have no choice about it. It would tear me up all over again to lose you but if you had these things, maybe you’d be a bit safer, maybe there’d be a better chance of you coming back to me. I just want you to come back to me, no matter what.”
“We do miss him, of course,” blathered Mrs Hudson, “But then, if John were here, we wouldn’t have room for you, Danny, isn’t that right? There are only the two bedrooms, and Sherlock has been ever so lonely since John left.” She leaned in to register his response, clasping her hands together hopefully.
Maybe it was small of him, but small detail cheered John enough that he was able to eat a larger portion of his lunch. He managed most of the salad and a small bite of the fish. He even choked down two spoonsful of the cakey pudding served at the end. When he got up to leave, he noticed Sherlock looking at him from his table once more, the frown gone, but replaced with a thoughtful expression. It unnerved John all over again and he left as quickly as he could manage politely.
Sherlock fucked John with powerful strokes, each thrust hard enough to make John’s arse shake upon impact and it drove Sherlock wild. He wanted to be inside John forever or have John inside of him, he didn’t care. He needed this connexion, needed this feeling. He wanted to come urgently but at the same time, he never wanted this session to end so he drew it out, teasing them both by slowing his pace or quickening it, by drawing himself out carefully before plunging back in again. Sherlock writhed above John, twisting his hips and sinking in deeply, sometimes making hasty little stabs inward before switching to long gliding thrusts that made them both tremble.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed but he felt John’s fingers slowly settle next to his and he clutched them.
John didn’t seem to mind, paying the cabbie when they arrived at the clinic and motioning for the assistance of his nurse, a smiling middle-aged woman whose name tag bore the label
John was so close to him. All he needed to do was turn his face upward and their mouths would be aligned. Sherlock wanted that. He wanted to kiss John, to taste him, to know him in every conceivable way. The way his hand felt on top of his. It felt like an offer, a promise. Sherlock had to know.
. Sherlock opened his mouth to tell John how base he was. He made sure to enunciate carefully so that his friend would hear him properly, “Oh my god, John, that’s it, use me, take me any way you’d like.”
Several boxes had been hidden in Mrs Hudson’s spare bedroom, and she’d been happy to do so. He was sweating lightly by the time he finished hauling them up, one at a time. Sherlock used a staple gun to affix lights and garlands while Mrs Hudson unpacked a large assortment of delicate ornaments and other decorations, laying them out on the coffee table or mantle. When he was done that phase he set up a tree. He knew it was cheating a bit doing it so early, but the point was to
. He’s taking advantage of your guilt and friendship, and selfishly getting his at your expense. Don’t let him.”
, nutbar. When you care about other people it isn’t an effort to be considerate.” Danny actually had his hands on his hips as he scolded Sherlock.
Donovan blinked and had the good grace to look properly chastened. She, like Lestrade, had watched Sherlock climb out of his addiction for the sake of the work, and knew very well why he’d turned his back on all of it. “You’ve every right to be mad at us, Sherlock, and I’m sorry for my part, I really am, but this separation isn’t good for either of you. John’s drinking every single day. You look like crap. He lost his job. You’re not taking cases any longer. I know you’ve got money to live on but I’m pretty sure John’s sold all his possessions. I think he’s living at his sister’s
self, not this arse you’ve become lately. Sherlock sacrificed himself because he wanted you to live, so live. Don’t let your negatives cancel out your positives. Bad shit happens, try not to let it suck away to good bits completely when it does. I know you can do this, and didn’t you say he adored Rosie? She’s a valuable ally. Don’t be down.”
Mary began to scream angrily, “Well, you didn’t have a problem sticking your cock into Sherlock, and he’s been fucking strangers for years now, I bet! All those omega reek like the whores they are, they’ll let anyone fuck them anywhere, everyone knows that.
, and don’t pretend you don’t know what that is, all things considered.” John watched Sherlock blush right down to his neck, dropping his gaze to his own knees. Danny reached over, “It’s okay, just, think a bit more, okay?”
Danny slept in Sherlock’s bed that night, discussing with Sherlock to the various ways one could trigger an orgasm in someone else. He had taken Sherlock’s request to learn very seriously, discussing practical matters regarding sex in a candid and open way that Sherlock understood and appreciated. It wasn’t that he didn’t wish he could learn these things from John, he just had no expectation of ever overcoming John’s heteronormative repression. If they even remained friends now was a serious concern, so he knew that he gained nothing by waiting for John any longer. Danny seemed intent on imparting every kind of warning, every sort of anecdotal reason for precaution, and plenty of hands-on experiential learning, posing Sherlock’s body this way and that, and himself as well if necessary. He knew a huge amount about sex, and soon, Sherlock would too.
They tortured me, Mycroft. I’m scarred. I might be barren. I can’t bond with the man I love. John’s as good as catatonic and he’ll stay that way forever because of that. What do I do?” John felt a warm drip of something fall on his hand.
“I’d like to kiss you first if that’s all right?” John found himself being pushed back so that he landed with a thump, bum first, right on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He grinned crookedly as Sherlock crawled the pace or so forward that he needed in order to reach John’s flies. “Kiss me, Sherlock.”
He wore his hair much shorter now, that’s what had thrown John at first, but on second glance, John knew who he was currently making direct eye contact with. It had been five years but there was no mistaking those eyes for anyone else’s, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock collapsed. John rushed forward just in time to keep Sherlock from falling onto their coffee table. Cursing himself again. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” John felt like an absolute heel. No matter their disagreement, he knew better than to shout at Sherlock. Now he had to watch while Sherlock shook and groaned, lost in his mind as his terrors swallowed him whole. John wrapped his arms around his too-thin friend as they knelt on the dirty carpet, and wished for the millionth time that he could endure this misery for him. “I’m here. I’m not mad. I’m here, Sherlock. I’m watching over you. I’ll protect you. I’m keeping you safe. It’s okay, Sherlock, shh, it’s all okay.”
Sherlock woke in the morning when John began fucking him. His master had somehow managed to finger him open a bit before climbing on. He was just sliding inside when Sherlock reached consciousness. John didn’t try to make it good for Sherlock at all, he just used Sherlock’s arse to get off in, fucking with short hard thrusts until he ejaculated. Without a word, John pulled out, yawned, and scratched his head as he went to shower up. Red-faced and humiliated all over again, Sherlock used some tissues to wipe the spunk from his hole. John came out, steaming slightly, “Go wash up. Breakfast in ten.”
The next few days were a whirlwind of preparation. Mummy came up with most of the ideas but Sieger was the one who organized nearly everything. He seemed to be chums with half of Britain, so between himself and his eldest son, they put together the wedding that Sherlock asked for. John participated mostly by saying yes whenever asked a question and was escorted to a private tailor to have a suit fitted to him for the occasion.
“And,” he asked coldly, “It’s been made quite clear that any offer of assistance on my part is not only unwanted but cause to be considered socially stigmatic. As you well know, I have a severely deficient grasp of social mores and therefore restrict myself to the Hippocratic ethos of “help or at least do no harm.” Since I’m
John was always a mystery because he was smiling fondly up at Sherlock, not at all upset or uncertain looking, not anymore, “They love you, but not as much as I do. So? Will you marry me, Sherlock, and let me wear your ring so that anyone who sees me knows that I’m good and taken?”
Sherlock was aghast when John flushed a second time, his entire body tensing in a head to toe cringe that he tried to pretend wasn’t happening, “Nothing wrong with any of those things. Friends do that stuff all the time.” He sounded as if he didn’t even believe himself.
Sherlock found he hated it. He hated having John there whenever he felt ill or when the doctor provided exactly the tablets he needed exactly when he needed them. He despised the foods that John prepared for him to eat, always things he found tolerable, and knowing he needed sustenance, managed to consume. He loathed finding his bed neatly remade after he managed to have a brief shower, and it infuriated him to discover his clothes neatly laundered and returned to their proper locations, ready for his use whenever he might require it. Even his sock-index was spot on. John was flawless. There was no need to say a word about his care, and they spoke of nothing else. Their days often went by without their mutual silence broken, though John made sure Sherlock’s laptop was always charged, and that his mobile was ready at any given moment, so he could at least read online and catch up with research papers he’d been meaning to get to.
life, and everything else. He stripped their sitting room of everything from the framed prints on the wall to the small selection of paperback novels stuffed inside a small bookcase.
It took all of Sherlock’s acting skills to remain limp and pliant long enough for John to fall deep into slumber. His mind was swimming at John’s stunning revelation. Now he was glad he had shammed sleep, there was no way he could have dealt with such a declaration whilst needing to remain conscious. He felt dizzy and needed time to process the broad scope of thoughts and feelings he was simultaneously experiencing right then. Recalling John’s wish, Sherlock eventually turned over, encouraging John to spoon up behind him, making sure to wriggle back so that his bottom was firmly placed over John’s very substantial bulge. It was oddly calming, a promise for something they both wanted that would still be there later. Without hesitation, John wrapped his arm about Sherlock’s torso and continued holding him as if he’d spent every night of his life doing so.
John was losing it just like he was losing Sherlock. His lover would not survive, already, Sherlock’s heart was stuttering out its last beats. The detective was trying to breathe but his body was in shock and was shutting down.
“That’s what Mycroft figured, but they only just caught this case before giving it to you. It’s all yours.” Lestrade looked proud and determined.
“We normally eat curries more than anything, and I knew you weren’t going to let me feed you soft foods forever,” John pointed out. “If you feel okay about eating it, then I’m not worried.”
you, Sherlock! I’m guilty too, I slapped you so hard when I should have been hugging you and telling you how sorry I was for making you feel like you had no one. Keep Danny. Go on, keep feeling good. You’ve earned it all a thousand times over.” Sherlock took his leave of Molly, walking out with Danny on his arm.
When it was nearly seven in the evening, John was just taking out the scones he had baked for Rosie when they showed up. “That’s it, I’m breaking up with you and going out with
“Tell me everything you know.” Sherlock demanded, “I will expect you right here in front of me as soon as you can manage, and you
John was shocked to find that the presumption did not make him feel stress or nausea the way he expected it would. Instead, he felt like he’d been handed a new role in life, on that he was certain he had the skills for. The doctor knew he was in this relationship for the long haul, even if Sherlock ended up hating him and sent John on his lonely way. He would never be with anyone if he couldn’t be with Sherlock. This was it for him. “Well, you succeeded.”
He woke very early the next morning. The flat was cool but not cold, and with a strange sense of satisfaction, Sherlock saw John’s spare shoes where they belonged, and the small sturdy coat he wore hanging right beside Sherlock’s long wool one. John
shopped for clothing he went to the one section of the men’s store that displayed trousers in his size, picked a brown, blue, or black one, and that was it. He used the same procedure with all the rest of his things. John had not realized how deep this particular rabbit hole was when he jumped in with both feet, but he was a soldier, so he kept moving forward, “No sequins. Something discreet, delicate, needs to match with a white blouse and a black skirt and some incredibly fancy shoes called
. Mrs Hudson hand-delivered baskets of biscuits and scones regularly, chatting with Sherlock merrily, but carefully never referring to John, as per Sherlock’s request. It was both harder and easier to deal with things.
Sherlock understood, he really did even though he missed his friend, and assured John that he was there to help in whatever way John deemed acceptable. The sting remained, however.
Both men collapsed at the same time. Sherlock no longer had the physical strength to do more than to lay face-down on the bed with John gasping for air on top of him. John’s head was between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, and every heated breath was making Sherlock sweat even more. He didn’t say a word.
John didn’t know how to react, frozen like a deer in the headlights of an unexpected vehicle. Sherlock had walked away from him once today already and clearly wanted nothing to do with him, but now they’d have to spend the next three days in closer proximity than he would ever have anticipated, even if was an entire hallway and separate rooms. He smiled awkwardly to hide his discomfort and uncertainty, “What are the odds, right?” John knew his lame joke fell flat.
“Obviously, John!” Sherlock glared at his lover, “Who else would I love? Who else has the power to hurt me so easily except for you, John? Everyone saw how you can break me with a single word. No other being in existence can claim that. No one in my entire life has mattered more to me than you.”
Mycroft sighed, “The man is reported to have a gun-shot scar on his left shoulder. It’s not entirely unlikely that another soldier sustained a wound similar to John’s but it’s all I’ve found so far. It could be nothing.”
John was content, but Sherlock was not. It made the alpha feel like a failure because even though he’d given everything he could think of to his omega, Sherlock was still unhappy. Sherlock’s existence was announced to the world, and he re-emerged a hero. London applauded the detective and forgave him for all he’d been accused of but Sherlock was as grim as John was silent. Sherlock did not care for the attention he received, and soon enough, locked himself away on Baker Street with John.
. John made a flash decision. He’d sell this place but also purchase another home, somewhere away from London.
“Every night,” confessed John, gripping Sherlock’s hips, shifting their bodies so that he was laying on Sherlock’s back, “You’re so gorgeous, so beautiful, so amazing.” John pulled back, applied a bit more spit, and thrust slowly inward, “I’ve never felt someone so tight, it’s perfect.”
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock said, searching for a reason. He felt conflicted now. He should be happy to see John but now, Sherlock only felt exasperated. He quickly reviewed his data.
“Sherlock’s back.” John stated stiffly, “I've managed to completely ruin everything and now I’m essentially homeless.”
“I mean, I plan on roasting a fowl for dinner tomorrow but according to this online video I watched, I need to practice trussing it correctly so that the legs and wings…”
John snuggled up and Sherlock knew that his lover was finally falling asleep for real. A yawn caught him and his eyes began to close as well. He felt so content, so happy, so fulfilled. “Today was the best day of my life, Sherlock, as good as the day we met and you saved me. I love you. I’m going to tell you as often as you’ll let me.”
John scrubbed the kitchen clean and then went into Sherlock’s bedroom to change the bedding, his ears attuned to Sherlock’s regular call-outs. Mrs Hudson had clearly kept up with her
Sherlock had made up his mind. Standing with determination, Sherlock turned to face John, leaned down, and kissed him with every bit of skill he had garnered as the very meticulous and detail oriented scientist he was. He wasn’t a virgin, far from it. He’d had a very healthy sex life as a younger person but like many of the pleasures he used to enjoy, he’d cut himself off entirely once he’d realized that it wasn’t the most important thing for him at the time. Sherlock knew he’d been out of control for many years, and it had taken a lot of self-discipline to rein himself in. Now, however, was not the time for holding back. It was time to overwhelm and conquer.
John smiled and cuddled close, holding Sherlock tightly with one arm. It felt heavenly and Sherlock melted into the embrace, boneless and unresisting. “You’re exhausted, love. It’s been a crap few weeks for both of us.”
. John was mad about that since the stranger wasn’t interested in bringing John home, and left him on Baker Street, drunk, horny, and full of rage. The guilt didn’t manifest until much later.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was thick with sleep. Sherlock kept his eyes closed, realizing that he’d woken John up by moving his arm. They were spooned up tight, as per usual, and John’s forearm was right beneath it. He could probably tell what Sherlock had just unconsciously done. His soldier peered over and looked down, biting Sherlock’s bicep playfully, “Oh, I see.” Sherlock picked up John’s hand and placed it low on his waist, but no closer to his erection than that. He felt John’s hand rubbing against his hip, instinctively keeping his caresses local and not exploratory, “I can easily go and just give you a bit of time alone, or…” John’s hand wandered over to Sherlock’s hip, “How would you feel about me helping you with that?”
Sherlock felt his heart shatter completely into dust, and all the fight left him. “Yes, you can, John. Yes. Do whatever you like with your time,
John got up and went to the kitchen to make tea. He needed the loo and dreaded going in there and witnessing whatever mess Sherlock and Danny might have left behind. What he found were two sets of damp towels and a roomful of steam but that was it.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate and John almost drew himself away. “I think that bigger isn’t necessarily better. Some people prefer a more…condensed model. Your hands are a better size to accomplish things that require great dexterity.” John smiled when Sherlock slowly turned his hand over, allowing their fingers to stroke past each other before keeping his hand, palm up, beneath John’s. “You are very good with your hands, John. I’ve long admired what you are capable of doing with them.”
Sherlock looked up. The unshaven man was thin inside his heavy coat, almost weedy, and his head boasted curls that were as dark as Sherlock’s but wilder still, and only a few years younger than he was. The man’s eyes were blue, full of intelligence, and more than a touch of mirth evenly mixed with sadness. There was exhaustion, grief, resolution, determination, and an easy-going, unthreatening, even engaging energy about him. He looked worn out and heartsick. He looked like someone who just needed a small break, for just a minute. Sherlock felt a pang of empathy for the person.
Tentatively, he licked John all over, paying special attention to the wrinkly sacks that held his testicles. John seemed really enjoy that, his cock quickly growing fat and thick. He memorised the shape and texture of every part of John’s cock, mentally noting any instance where his master showed increased positive responses. Gingerly, he took the head in his mouth and lightly sucked. John moaned and patted his hair encouragingly. Sherlock knew John had enjoyed pushing himself deep into his throat so slowly, he took more and more of John inside until it was uncomfortable. Taking it easy, Sherlock continued to allow John to bump the back of his mouth, acclimating himself, trying to make his gag reflex non-reactive. John hummed appreciatively, “Such a good boy, look at you practising to deep throat. Clever lad, just what I need.”
“I just wish you’d consider a better alternative.” Sherlock’s hands balled up into fists and at first, John thought Sherlock was going to physically lash out but then he saw how ashen Sherlock was. His friend was nearly swaying on the spot, and an expression of absolute terror and helplessness were taking over. “John?” John recognized all the signs and berated himself once again. Sherlock was going to have a panic attack that John had unthinkingly induced.
“Nice to see you, brother.” Sherlock tried to dismiss Mycroft as he accepted a farewell kiss from his alpha. John noted that Sherlock’s nose wrinkled as he leaned in, and even he couldn’t deny that he smelled rather corpse-like.
“You’re too arrogant to listen to anyone but yourself so I’m going to sit here for the next few hours and keep reminding you that you are a pathetic lowlife who needs to grow up and act like the man he used to be!
man. His brilliance was virtually unmatched, his natural skills honed to a fine edge through rigorous study and endless self-improvement. He was also abrasive, blunt, insensitive, dismissive,
“That was rather unfortunate,” Sherlock murmured. That had been one of the more miserable moments in the last few weeks, “I should never have doubted you.”
“Oh?” David said mildly, his swings at Sherlock becoming less aggressive. He stepped back unexpected, dropping his arms and sheathing his weapon. “Then you don’t need my help. I’m a bit surprised what with all the begging for it you did earlier today. I guess I’ll just take my gun and go home.”
Sherlock’s mien turned guilty because John was more than a little ripe and quite wrinkly to boot. The detective pulled his sheet up a bit higher to cover the large bandage on his chest and looked around. He was seated in his bed surrounded by the detritus of his daily life, every surface of his private room covered in laptops, newspapers, magazines, get well cards, and take-out containers of Sherlock’s various meals. “He eats. He sleeps.”
Things were different for them immediately. John and Sherlock spent their first day together laughing easily, reminiscing over old cases together, and smiling. John felt good, healthy the way he’d been back in the beginning before separation and grief had carved his soul to shreds. Sherlock was full of mirthful delight, his cold impersonal façade completely gone as he flirted and joked with his bond-mate. They played games and ordered out once more. It was bliss. When John went to the store, the warmth in his chest was a pleasant burn. All the pain and uncertainty was gone, and he was clear-headed as well as happy. He spoiled Sherlock with biscuits and his favourite selection of fruit, going home with a fresh container of milk for their tea.
, Watson! I’m leaving.” Sherlock elbowed John in the chest, hard, shoving him aside to yank the door open.
the stockings, which meant that Sherlock was also wearing the garter and possibly even the very tiny panties that went with them. John stared at Sherlock’s feet, and his knees weakened. It was all he could do to remain upright instead of sinking to the floor in order to absolutely worship the person in front of him. Sherlock’s hair was much fluffier than normal, his curls teased out into a gentle cloud. His lips were a tiny bit pinker, and his eyes ever so subtly highlighted and outlined. His cheeks were artfully redder, and John could see that Sherlock had even put mascara on, his lashes fanning above his cheeks distinctively as he looked down into his lap unfeigned bashfulness, “John.”
began to unsubtly flirt with him, John knew he was done. Putting his napkin down, John tried to come up with a plausible excuse to leave when a deep and familiar voice spoke, “Doctor Watson.”
, he only had the one, and that was Sherlock Holmes. She was needling him unkindly, another one of the few tendencies he didn’t like much about her. She tried to play off as merely joking, but the oddly patronising tone of voice was the one that she used whenever she was attempting to be supportive despite disagreeing with whatever the issue was. Mary said out loud that she liked Sherlock, but John doubted it, not with how she was picking their cases apart to laugh at them. The doctor was still very proud of all the things he and Sherlock had accomplished together back then.
“How could I not? You grew up searching for lost treasure, of course, you’d know about this trove but I doubted that you’d ever taken the time to actually come see it.”
Shocked, John looked up from his seat. Sherlock was standing beside him, staring coldly at the man on John’s right, “Mr Holmes? How can I help you?”
The strain around Sherlock’s heart eased but Sherlock was a bit confused. He was a master of reading body language, but the one that John’s body spoke was a code he had not yet broken. John’s expressions were bold, varied, clear, and an absolute mystery.
“I know, I’m terrible that way. I just really love a good arse and yours is spectacular. They both laughed, and Sherlock made no attempt to remove Danny’s hand from his buttock. It felt nice to have someone kneading and handling it. Danny was rather attractive, in his own way, and Sherlock surprised himself by leaning in to kiss those smiling lips, “Feed me, Sherlock, before I go searching for
They continued to stroll hand in hand until John found a kiosk selling steaming cups of hot chocolate. They let each other go for a moment but then, Sherlock put his arm around John’s shoulder and John put his back around Sherlock’s waist, and they continued their slow amble. There were carollers to listen to so they did, sipping their chocolate and holding one another. Sherlock felt happier than ever and wondered how much happiness he could bear. It was almost overwhelming. When their cups were done and properly disposed of, John took Sherlock’s hand once more and led him away.
Sherlock looked sharply at John. The soldier’s face was a blank, but Sherlock could still see the misery behind it. John was full of regret. It was blatantly apparent that John had feelings for Sherlock and didn’t have the faintest clue how to say so. Sherlock sighed internally and forced himself to say nothing because this was just more of the same. John had to get over whatever was holding him back on his own, he wasn’t going to try to help, not anymore. There was nothing to say at any rate. Sherlock was with Danny, for now, and John was with whomever he was currently shagging. Their old lives together were over, and it was new beginnings all around. “He is. We get on well. It’s…educational.”
John made a small lunch for himself, mostly just to keep his daughter company as she ate. He put together a large pot of stew and popped it into the oven to slow bake, entertaining Rosie by cutting the carrots into flower shapes and letting her gnaw on chunks of uncooked root vegetables, much to her great enjoyment. John smiled, enjoying his time with his little girl. When the evening meal was tucked safely away, John read the paper while Rosie played with her building blocks. Mindfully, John kept a large basket available. If Sherlock and Danny showed up, he could quickly gather up all her toys and be out of their way in no time. He wasn’t there to be underfoot.
, he still needed to prove that being in the hospital was no longer necessary. In short, Sherlock had to be able to use the loo for sitting down reasons without serious discomfort. He was confident he could do it. His arse was still very sore, but a good kind of sore, an “it’s mostly healed but still very tender” kind of sore. Anything beyond that would keep him where he was.
Mycroft left. Sherlock lay there listening to his heart monitor, and to the subdued sounds of the emergency ward. All the curtains were drawn, and he couldn’t see who the other patients were, but he could hear breathing, and occasionally, weeping. Loved ones. He didn’t have any right now, not until Mycroft came back. Sherlock didn’t even want to see Mrs Hudson because in his mind, she had sided with John, and that decision had led to this.
It was annoying at first to have his libido activated without his permission, but his mastery over his transport had always been a work in progress, not that he wanted to stop letting it lose control right now, not when it meant that
. It drove Sherlock mad with irritation that this fact was in his mind palace and that he couldn’t seem to expunge it. John was always going on about things Lisa said, laughing as he repeated her admirations, her questions, her every bleeding exclamation. She had invaded their entire life, it seemed, and it was making Sherlock crazy. “John, you spend more time chatting with her than you do speaking to me. What’s coming next, meeting for coffee, or going to the cinema, or luncheons?”
Still mostly sleeping, the doctor floundered around until Sherlock was able to tug away the duvet enough to flip it over his friend. John resumed snoring loudly and sprawled as much as he could. Sherlock shuffled closer and carefully lay his head on John’s shoulder, draping his arm over John’s waist, before closing his eyes. He drifted in a kind of hazy twilight for a long time before he fell all the way asleep once more, the fingers of John’s hand somehow buried in his curls. It made him sleep deeply for hours, and though Sherlock woke alone, he immediately perceived that John was occupied within the bathroom. He felt rested and even a bit hungry, “Takeaway? I feel like a good helping of
Danny looked up at Sherlock, and they both knew that Sherlock was speaking the truth. “You’re no better. I can never replace John, I can hardly stand in for him. He’s your whole life, mate, the one you should be with. I know this is short-term for both of us, so let’s just make the most of whatever we can, how’s that?” Danny kissed Sherlock tenderly, “Lots of cuddles, lots of sex, lots of laughs. We’ll do as much as we can before our paths separate again. I’d like that, at least.”
, as she’s stated many times by now,” he answered, “John has been engaging in a relationship with her in secret for an undetermined amount of time. I only learned of it today. I have left John and am temporarily residing in one of Mycroft’s houses.”
Everything she said and did was putting him off. Just yesterday he would have just stood there smiling, unwilling and unable to defend his position, too grateful that she was there at all to say a word about how she made him feel. John tried not to feel offended by her mockery and airy attitude, but a huge part of his internal resources was being used to deal with the fact that Sherlock Holmes was not only alive, but an omega instead of the beta John had thought he had been, and he was too raw to play nice. He felt like she was needlessly mocking him about it and he didn’t understand why she would.
Now Sherlock recalled everything and his smile grew bigger. John loved him and he loved John, even if John didn’t know that yet. Sherlock decided how he wanted to let him find out. He moved carefully, tugging down his pyjama bottoms, exposing his flesh. John was still deeply asleep so Sherlock momentarily considered the ethics of his next step before mentally shrugging and deciding that John would likely explain to him later if what he’d done was good or
Sherlock became instantly enamoured of the idea of John allowing him liberties like hugs, or maybe even cuddles on the couch if that wasn’t dreaming of too much. Perhaps John wouldn’t mind sitting with an arm about Sherlock’s shoulder on cold nights, or maybe, just maybe, John would allow Sherlock to rub his sore shoulders when John’s war wound ached from fatigue or the weather? What about more, what about…nakedness and friction and contact?
John pulled off for a second, “It’s so hot in here.” He pulled off his pyjamas and began to tear off the tattered remains of Sherlock’s candy coverings, getting to his feet to do so.
The nurse was steely-eyed the moment Sherlock spoke and with charming speed, hauled John directly out of Sherlock’s room, calling security to drag him off as she did so. “There you go, pet, sorry you had to endure that. We’ll keep you safe, now. His name is on your emergency contacts, he’s the one who called the ambulance. We had no idea he was the culprit. The police will deal with him. You just rest, no one will bother you now.”
“Yeah, beautiful, my good boy, my pretty pet. Come inside me. I want to feel your pretty little cock fill me up.” John’s head was dropped back, sweat running down his neck as he moaned loudly, “So good, I needed this, yes, I needed this. Put your come in me, Sherlock, my lovely lad, my pretty little thing.” Sherlock couldn’t stop it. With an embarrassed grunt, he ejaculated deep inside of John, his orgasm intense with shame and bliss combined. He had never once had an orgasm with another person, but he couldn’t help himself now. John shouted just as his cock sprayed a jet of hot come all over Sherlock’s belly, “That’s it, oh fuck, that’s good, so good, fuck yes, fill my arse, so good!”
It certainly did. By noon, Sherlock was clutching his belly, and barely made it to the bathroom where he experienced both diarrhoea as well as vomiting. It was humiliating because John monitored the entire thing from the doorway. He was making notes on Sherlock’s medical chart, his face composed and cold. It took a long time before his body settled and by the time the dose had dispersed through his body, Sherlock’s lungs ached as he tried to expel every last trace of the cigarettes he’d managed to smoke the day before. He was teary and more miserable than he’d ever been in his life. He crawled toward John and curled up at his master’s feet, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I won’t disobey you ever again. I’m sorry.”
Currently, Mary was giggling her way through John’s blog. She’d never tried to look at it before but now she was sitting in bed reading bits out in funny voices and pointing out places where she thought the story had gone too far afield from believable. It was grating on John’s nerves, especially the comment about being his bestie. John cared for her deeply, but he didn’t have
, Johnny…” Harry sounded concerned now, “John, why should Sherlock trust you when you can’t trust yourself? You’re better than this, I know you are, so here’s what I think. Danny is here now, but he might not be here forever. Stop thinking so selfishly, John, think about Sherlock and what he needs. Support him. Be a real friend, no expectations. Give him a piece of that beautiful person that you are, let him know that you’re there for him.”
John’s gaze dropped to his knees and his voice grew quieter, “I’ve been the worst friend in the world to you and I am ashamed of myself. I swear to you Sherlock, you won’t see that man again, I’m getting help, I’m working on all my problems, and I will never…” John had to take a breath. This was the sincerest proclamation he could make, and he wanted Sherlock to understand him clearly, “I will
“Suck my cock while I read. Do it slowly, play with me. I don’t want to come, I just want to enjoy your pretty mouth.” Sherlock climbed off the sofa and knelt on the thick carpeting in front of the sofa. John obligingly undid his own belt and flies, lifting his hips long enough for Sherlock to pull his trousers and pants completely off, “Don’t forget my bollocks, I like the way it feels when they get attention.”
It took a long time, but John barely noticed, they were both sweating, and Sherlock’s moans had built into long wavering keens. He was using both hands on his cock now, his legs trembling as his body jerked spasmodically. John was beginning to suffer intense arousal and began removing his clothing without thinking of what he was doing. Sherlock had tears flowing down his cheeks, his face red and blotchy with the effort he had expended, “It’s not enough, I can’t come. I need my alpha. I need my John. Why don’t you want me? John, please, I need you so much. Don’t make me wait any more, it’s been years, please? Please? John? Please, I need you in me right now, John, oh god please!”
. Sherlock went over every moment of the last half-year obsessively. He doubted everything, questioned every single one of his perceptions. He’d gone terribly wrong somewhere and he urgently needed to discover what section of his operating system had malfunctioned.
He’d never thought to stay in any of them again, not after returning to the city after his long hiatus away, and especially after he and John became...nothing, apparently. Sherlock wasn’t someone John loved. Sherlock was just someone John had shagged. The detective knew that
Sherlock sifted for clues. When Sherlock found the database that matched the human cargo with a wish-list being assembled for paying clientele, he had clapped his hands with glee.
Sherlock’s body shuddered as his eyes grew dark, “Finally.” Sherlock climbed onto John’s lap and pushed against him until his back was against the mattress. It was fast, rough, messy, and thrilling. Sherlock made a mess with the lubricant, but John didn’t care because one finger at a time, he got to stretch Sherlock’s open. Sherlock kept fisting John’s cock, sometimes too roughly, but both men were too impatient to wait for gentleness or to even try to go slow. Sherlock made John hold his cock still as he sat upon it. They gasped together as Sherlock worked John’s cockhead in, the taller man groaning with some discomfort as he rushed through the beginning, “So long, been waiting so long. It’s everything I dreamed it would be.”
For Rosie’s sake alone did John keep a handful of photos that caught his wife at her best, their wedding certificate, and a handful of other small mementoes that his daughter could remember her mother by. All of it fit into one of Mary’s expensive shoeboxes. After he’d finished the bedroom and the sitting room, John moved onto the loo, binning everything that was hers that couldn’t be decently donated. He went through the entire house, meticulously gathering and removing every trace of the illusion known as Mary Morstan.
John shook his head, simply standing aside and waving Sherlock in, “I just saw your texts. Sorry, I had it on silent while it charged. I’m not used to getting messages during the night, my publicist usually just sends me emails with my itinerary on it.”
John had no idea how the universe had managed to spin itself in such a way that he was getting Sherlock back without a fight. It was overwhelming. He wasn’t certain that he was processing everything correctly, that Sherlock wasn’t taking him to dinner as a prelude to the restart of their previously tumultuous lives together. Sherlock took him by the hand once again and gently escorted him down the street.
when he was at his most emotionally and physically vulnerable, then came here, and asked that I give you a place to stay while you make plans to run away some more. Is that all?”
It was. Sherlock was fascinated. He recognised the locking system. It was based on the ancient Bramah locks of centuries past, with very modern improvements. He diverted himself for the rest of the ride to consider how it might be possible to pick the theoretically unpickable locks that had sealed the entryways. “Someone must have a copy of the key,” he murmured to himself.
. John never made a single untoward move, curling protectively around his charge, his strong arm wrapped around Sherlock’s thin waist, his hips pressed innocently tight to Sherlock’s all through their dreaming hours. It was lovely and soothing and exactly what Sherlock needed. John gave unstintingly of himself and Sherlock was amazed and overwhelmed to be the recipient of it all.
your best friend, so go out and be his best friend right back. Do things you know for sure will make Sherlock happy.”
In slightly better cheer, John did as he was bid, hardly even noticing what he was eating as he mentally went over the possibilities his life could hold, “You know I’m going to bollocks this up, don’t you.”
“You’re too charming for your own good, neither Alex or myself have any way of saying no,” Sherlock teased gently before he grew serious. “I had always thought it might be with John, you know, first times and all that rubbish. I hadn’t thought about it frequently but when I did, I could only ever imagine it was with him, is that pathetic?”
It was like being pulled apart and being completed at the same time. John’s cock felt intrusive and right simultaneously. Sherlock wasn’t certain that he could process the many feelings he was experiencing right then. There was pleasure and discomfort, desire as well as apprehension. He was vulnerable right then, John could do anything to him. The doctor seemed to understand and rained kisses on Sherlock’s back and shoulders as he pressed himself deeper. Sherlock grunted, trying to control his body’s need to expel John.
“John, what is this all about? First the Museum, now dinner? How long have you had these plans in place?”
. “We weren't certain the skin grafts would take but they did,” John spoke casually as if they were just chatting, but Sherlock knew from how carefully John was holding his hand that the doctor was aware that Sherlock was in distress.
“You love me, and I love you, especially your little wee,” Sherlock yawned again and seemed to be falling asleep.
A handful of tablets let him sleep until his morning alarm went off. John sat alone in his room and managed to eat an entire bowl of plain hot oatmeal. His stomach wasn’t so bad in the mornings, and the cereal would last him until breakfast the next morning if he needed it to. Carefully, he drank two large glasses of water. Staying hydrated was at least something he could do and would keep him from having dizzy spells during the day.
stupid. I was absolutely focused on keeping the book a secret. I don’t know why I hung onto that goal so hard, but I guess it was because you’re the person I love most in the world and you see everything...I wanted so much to be able to hide from you just so I could give you this thing I spent so long making. I’ve been re-writing our cases for ages now,” he paused, “I started back when I thought you were dead. I read and re-read our notes so many times, just reliving the days where I was happy and content with life, and just so in love with you. I didn’t think I would feel that way again about anyone, and I haven’t.”
Sherlock blinked several times before setting down the bug-out bag. Turning on his heel, Sherlock walked briskly to his room. John felt a bit glum but only for a moment. He heard the clear thumps and bangs of someone digging quickly through an overpacked wardrobe. One muffled curse later and Sherlock exited his room with a medium sized haversack in one hand. It was bland and inoffensive, nothing that would seem out of place almost anywhere in the world, unless wear counted against it. It was well used, soft and pliable, sturdy looking and dependable. Sherlock stood in front of John and handed it over, “I didn’t wrap it, but if anyone could make use of it, it would be you.”
John left the bed after kissing Sherlock one more time. He came back a minute later with hot damp flannels. He used them to clean Sherlock off front and back before going back to the washroom to clean himself. As soon as he was done, both Sherlock and John fixed their pyjamas and snuggled together under the blankets, both men lost in thought. “I didn’t expect sex.” John stated, his arms loosely holding Sherlock to him, “That was a bit of a surprise.”
. “Come along, Danny.” Sherlock took Danny’s hand and together, they fell into bed with one another. Danny reached for Sherlock eagerly, winding their thin limbs together as they continued to comfort one another, “Goodnight, Danny.”
“Don’t care. Hot.” Carefully, John sipped the fragrant liquid and hummed his appreciation. It was almost too warm to drink, and he could feel the heat of it spread down his throat and into his belly. Wrapping his fingers around the glass, he let the heat warm his icy fingers. “Wish there were more of this! Perfect.”
John couldn’t stop looking at him, taking in all the differences and changes, knowing that Sherlock was doing the same. It was as if they’d reversed their characteristics during their years apart. John’s hair was slightly longer now, but Sherlock’s was neatly cut close to his scalp, his lovely curls completely gone. John was much thinner than he used to be, but Sherlock had developed hard lean musculature, and seemed to glow with health whereas John felt exhausted and worn out all the time. John was washed out and pale, but Sherlock was tanned and fit. John was wearing a well-fitted and stylish suit that was tailored to hide his ill-health, but Sherlock was clad in casual trousers and wore a fine wool aubergine jumper under a brown corduroy jacket which made him look vibrant and full of vitality.
“You’re a bloody natural, and we don’t need a reason if we both want it and we do. Proceed,” groaned John, “It’s brilliant.” Sherlock gripped John’s hips and responded to his wordless plea. He used his thumbs to hook under the waistband of John’s bottoms, sliding them downward, and John used one of his hands to yank the garment down until it was at his knees. Sherlock pulled his own bottoms down just enough to release his prick. The head of it was dark and jutted wetly out from his foreskin. Pre-ejaculate was in generous evidence, and following his instincts yet again, Sherlock used it to make himself slick before he went back to rubbing his shaft between John’s arse cheeks. He held onto John’s hip with one hand while he used the other to press his cock firmly against John’s backside, rubbing the wetness around John’s hole but never once trying to press in.
“I am an addict. I am scarred. I am damaged goods, my John.” Sherlock turned his face away, looking ashamed of himself.
in a heartbeat, his voice soft but certain, “If you make it difficult for me to take Sherlock back home
“No, I did not know, not with certainty, and even now, I am only suspicious but there is no proof, no guarantee, not enough to move with.” Now Mycroft sounded frustrated, “I have been attempting to penetrate the site but with no luck. The exterior is impenetrable even though it is wide open. Any attempt to get within anywhere but the actual entrance would cause alarm well before the facility becomes vulnerable.”
Sherlock couldn’t stop his scowl from forming but he obediently dropped to his knees and undid John’s belt and flies. Pulling down John’s pants just enough, Sherlock pressed his lips to the hot length of flesh he found, “That’s a pretty sight, I do have a few minutes, not enough but…” John pulled his cock out the rest of the way and made Sherlock fellate him for a minute. Sherlock didn’t care for the texture or the taste and had to struggle not to spit John out again. His foreskin was particularly disgusting, but John just used his hand to pull it back until his head was exposed. He rubbed it on Sherlock’s lips and tongue for several seconds before pushing the rest of his cock into Sherlock’s reluctant mouth. John only got partially hard, but he seemed to enjoy it well enough until he needed to tuck himself away, “You have such a pretty mouth. I’ll be doing more of this another time. Laters!”
Sherlock stood and glared down at John who wasn’t making any effort to meet his angry gaze, “I suppose it’s my fault somehow? I caused this to happen
“I finished putting away my clothing,” John reported. His omega should have been pleased but instead, John saw that Sherlock looked just as upset as he had looked earlier. John couldn’t respond to his omega independently, he needed Sherlock to tell him what to do. It was the safe choice.
.” John felt tears well up and he hid his face in his hands, ashamed to be weeping noisily over a broken heart in front of his sister. All the booze he’d consumed wasn’t helping at all, he felt nearly sober already. “I’ve lost him.” From there the entire story tumbled out. John confessed the deeds that weighed so heavily on his blackened soul, telling his sister everything he’d kept inside for so long, “I don’t know what to do, Harry! He’s happy. He looks…they were…I saw…Harry, what do I do? Danny
The idea was nauseating but John wasn’t taking any guff, just holding out his hand and silently urging Sherlock to emerge from his rank cocoon. To his delighted surprise, John treated Sherlock to a bowl of easy to eat hot cereal which the doctor had slow cooked along with a handful of dried fruit, a trick he’d learned from one of his many military acquaintances. John ate his with a drizzle of honey but Sherlock felt childishly compelled to heap spoons of sugar onto his which John shook his head and laughed. It was far too sweet but he ate every bite regardless, scraping up the bottom of his dish with the spoon to chase every last trace of his breakfast because John had made it.
He woke early the next morning when the duty nurse came to check on him. With a bright and cheery attitude, she solemnly informed him that Doctor Coates would be there presently and that he was likely to be released. Both of his eyes were opened today, so he resolved to be patient. He just wanted to go. “My clothing?”
once more. Mycroft had offered to let their parents stay at his townhouse for the season and Sherlock had already had dinner with them once this week, and that’s all of his time that he was willing to give up at the moment. There was only so much of Mycroft’s chewing that he could endure before attempted fratricide occurred. Staying at his flat alone was the best gift Sherlock could give those closest to him.
“Hello!” Doctor Coates checked his charts once more, then checked Sherlock himself, taking his blood-pressure, examining his bruises, and inspecting his limbs, “Let’s get you standing, then, shall we?”
Mrs Hudson was beside herself with joy, making off with Rosie only seconds after John arrived. John directed the assistants to the downstairs flat where they stored half the bins he’d brought with him and carried the remainder up to his old room. Sherlock re-assembled Rosie’s cot in record time while Danny un-bagged her linens and set up her small mattress himself. Before the morning was gone, John was entirely unpacked and moved in. As soon as the last container had been stored, Sherlock simply said, “We’ll be back later,” before leaving the flat with Danny in tow and not another word spoken.
need to rest,” Sherlock said firmly. He didn’t care that it was barely one in the afternoon. He was home after weeks of being away, lost and devastated. He needed to reconnect to 221 B Baker Street and John, “Pyjamas.”
fixing it, it just takes time. It takes longer to change the minds of the hidebound than it takes to draw up perfectly simple universal marriage legislation.” He glanced over at John, “You could always just continue living in sin.”
Danny slapped Sherlock’s behind as he walked away, and to his credit, Sherlock didn’t even flinch, behaving as if someone touched his bum familiarly all the time. John’s jaw could not fall further but he tried, “He
Sherlock sat in his chair and sighed. It was Christmas Eve and his least favourite time of the year. Sherlock disliked the commercialism of the season, the falseness of the marketing, the endless repetition of the music, and the colour scheme. It was just another date on the calendar to him, he wasn’t into the rest of it. He didn’t exactly hate the holidays, but he really did loathe the one part of the season that he was compelled to experience far too many times, and he didn’t like it.
“You’re wrong.” John insisted, “We’re fine. We’re better than fine. Having a bond…we don’t need one. I just need…he’s my only…he’s just…
“Yes, that, more,” moaned John. He was then pushed flat onto the bed with Sherlock kneeling over him, “Yes.”
“Where is Rosie, John?” John recognized the tone of Harriet’s voice. She was making herself be very patient, and it wasn’t easy.
Rosie deserved so much better for a father than an emotionally crippled John Watson, maybe, if she’d had a mother too, it wouldn’t be so horrid. John was further torn with the memories of his late wife. Again, on one side was the laughing smiling face of the woman he loved, Mary Morstan, and on the other, the cold precise visage of the assassin she truly was, her mysterious life encapsulated in an electronic device and four letters. Mary had told John that she loved him, and maybe she believed it, but he couldn’t. She lied to him so much that everything she said to him just created more questions, and she never answered any of them satisfactorily. John had doubts and had
Sherlock frowned, “John?” John simply knelt there, unable to move even an inch. “Mycroft, he’s gone all funny, and not in an amusing way. What is happening?”
“Bend over, I’m going to open you some more, and then I am going to penetrate you. Don’t struggle, you’ll only hurt yourself. If you don’t fight it, it may even feel pleasurable, but no matter what, I will be coming inside your arse!”
. Miserable, John smiled genially, and laughed at polite jokes, and played his role of happily dining guest. John was only pretending to eat, not that anyone was paying attention, all too busy chatting or tentatively flirting with one another. When the doctor eventually got up to leave, he caught Sherlock frowning in his direction. Embarrassed, John turned away and departed as quickly as he could.
“Just…yeah, okay, there’s a good chance there, but at the same time,” Harry reached over and gripped his fingers, “He fell in love with
Sherlock carefully opened it; his face serious for only a moment before his face was painted with a distinct blush. He handed it to John who read, “My darling baby boy. You will present yourself along with your intended on Christmas morning at 8 am sharp. Love, Mummy.”
“Danny and Sherlock are working on a case together. They’re partners in every possible sense.” John knew he wasn’t hiding one iota of his personal pain when he said this.
John laughed softly and tilted his head up. There was no reason not to so John just moved the rest of the way and kissed Sherlock’s mouth gently, “No, I don’t mean it literally but I do mean it sincerely.” His second kiss wasn’t nearly as gentle as the first but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind at all, “Everything is better when you’re around, so, stay around, you know, for me?”
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond. Too many huge shifts were happening in an area where he was barely competent. He didn’t know how to identify his emotions, never mind say words that defined them. He responded once more in the only way he could, “John.”
“Good, I know.” Mary sighed happily, still not seeing John by the door, “This reminds me of that time I took John to Suffolk and he never noticed that you were in the room next door so when he went to his conference we shagged in your room for the entire day and then…” David nudged Mary hard and now she saw. Her jaw dropped, and she scrambled off of him, David’s ejaculate sliding down the inside of her thigh to pool near her foot. Absently, John realized that it would stain their throw carpet, and then wondered if it had been stained previously and that he just hadn’t noticed the smell due to the preponderance of perfume Mary normally wore, “John, it’s not what it looks like, it’s not what you think…”
John looked uncomfortable now, and Sherlock realized that he had not reacted in any clear positive or negative manner. The soldier continued, obviously reluctant but also determined, “That’s what I’d hoped.” John cut his eyes at Danny, clearing his throat, “Rosie and I could perhaps stay in the basement flat since my old room is occupied. I haven’t asked Mrs Hudson yet, I thought, well, I thought it would be better to ask you if it was a problem.”
John opened his eyes. Sherlock stood before him looking like a drowned rat. His curls were certainly plastered over his skull, but it didn’t look sensual or erotic. Sherlock looked blue-lipped and he was clearly shivering.
“It’s not, and even if it were, I’ve just had my heat. I won’t have another one for two months at minimum, more likely four. It’s difficult to parse due to my…issues.” Sherlock sounded like this was the last conversation he wanted to have, “He can’t stay like this, Mycroft, it’s not right.”
Sherlock had risked his life and career helping his country. He was owed so much and hadn’t asked for anything more than what it had taken to make life easier for John.
things. That day, that afternoon when all of you saw us through the window...Lisa had just negotiated a huge contract regarding distribution and had just given me first commission cheque. She kissed my cheek to congratulate me. I couldn’t believe that you came by the one time she ever kissed me!”
