Presently, the machine starts, a deafening but smooth whir, so deep that it feels like it’s vibrating inside of his bones and teeth. John’s voice comes over the intercom, audible but muffled by the noise of the scanner. He’s telling Sherlock exactly what’s happening. It’s reassuring to have his voice, but too much work to pay attention to. Trusting that John is watching out, he turns inward, returning to the case of the cat burglar.
John coughed as Sherlock set him back down, hiding a grin. “So, I take it everything is…okay…then?” he said. “Is that it, is it over with Moriarty, forever?”
John ignores him. "You come back after all this time, giddy, proud of yourself like it was all a great lark. Was it all a game to you? Just one long, convoluted practical joke? Is that what I was?"
“Why… why would you think that?” Sherlock manages in a voice that approaches, but doesn’t quite reach, normal.
The ceiling up here is lower, rooms mostly used for storage – basically a glorified attic. Sherlock is alert, all angles and restrained energy.
John released him, none to gently. “I had no intention of murdering you, that would be far too quick.”
When Sherlock is buried in him as deeply as he can go, he lays flat against John, covering John’s body with his own, chest to back, hands to hands, legs to legs, and lips in John’s hair. He is still, draped over John, as if he is trying to melt inside of him, as if they could fuse into one person. Every possible centimetre of bare skin is pressed against each other.
John sighs. He does and he doesn't. He can't stand to look at Sherlock, but the thought of him disappearing again fills him with dread. "You know, if we hadn't been... before…if you hadn't given me so much happiness, shown me how good life could be together, if we had stayed just flatmates, just friends, I could have forgiven you."
“Bugger,” John muttered, scrambling to his feet, and winced as he heard the sound of a bow being drawn roughly over violin strings, eliciting protests from the delicate instrument. He couldn’t leave it like this. He went to Sherlock’s door and knocked. No response other than increasingly tortured screeching from the violin.
John finds himself half out of his chair with the urge to leap at the older man’s jugular, but Greg settles him with a hand.
“Worse than you, probably.” He doesn’t look it, except for being a bit paler than usual and having chapped lips from dehydration. He has showered and dressed, long sleeved shirt covering the marks from last night. “When you’re ready, we’re going out. There’s something I need to do and I want you to see it.”
That sobers Sherlock quickly and John takes him into the fMRI room. Sherlock keeps pace with him, letting John’s shoulder touch his arm just enough that he can follow John’s movements without the humiliation of public guidance. The room feels big and empty, with a loud, low electronic hum pervading it. John shows him to the table and has him lie down, face up.
John instantly puts a hand on Sherlock's back. "Of course," he says, but in the voice he uses to keep others from noticing that he's afraid.
Victor frowns in thought. "Yes, but they went under about five years ago. Assets sold off piecemeal if I recall. I can check it out though, if you think it'll get somewhere."
"They aren't very good friends," he answers dutifully. A flush of what seems to be anger is spreading across her pale skin, starting at her more than ample bosom and running up her neck until it reaches her dimpled cheeks.
“Sherlock?” John said, instantly awake with a soldier’s alertness. “Good Lord, what are you doing in here? It must be two in the morning!”
“I had…intended not to come back until I had dismantled Moriarty’s network entirely, destroyed his web, made sure the threat was gone completely. But that will take months, years even. I realised I didn’t… couldn’t… imagine being away from you that long, with you thinking I was dead, moving on with your life.”
John makes himself a strong coffee. He doesn’t think he wants to sleep tonight, even though he’s been short on rest for weeks now. And he’s concerned about Sherlock’s reaction. He doesn’t take losing well at the best of times, and this is a particularly ugly ending to a long and gruelling chase. John feels like he should stand watch, somehow, even though he doesn’t expect Sherlock to come out of his room again that night, and possibly not for several days.
When he came to, he was no longer in his prison in the basement, but in what he gathered was the main floor of the same building, which had proved to be a large, richly furnished mansion. It was dark outside, but that meant little in terms of time given that Sherlock was nearly positive he was north of the Arctic Circle.
“I thought of that, but none of the local homes employ anyone who could fit those boots. He could have been a temporary worker, but then he wouldn’t have been there long enough to learn her habits. And everything about this fits a local crime.” Sherlock makes a noise of frustration.
John still wanted Sherlock to go to a hospital, but the nearest one was miles away and he had to concede Sherlock’s point that there was no way to escape police involvement if he was seen in his state. Telling a Finnish doctor he had walked into a door would not cut it. John was able to tape up his ribs and other broken bones fairly well, and satisfied himself that there was no serious internal injury. Sherlock still looked a sorry figure, though.
John appears on the stairs with Rosie on his hip, both looking disheveled and more than a little stroppy. “What paperwork can’t possibly wait twenty minutes? Or, you know, four hours, the way she’s been going. And who is that?” He motions to the polite-looking older woman standing next to Sherlock. “You haven’t even dealt with the client we have! And he’s been waiting since breakfast.”
John gets up with bad grace, thwarted. “I can think of better uses for twenty minutes than lunch,” he points out.
They take him away, some kind strangers holding John back, keeping him from throwing himself upon Sherlock’s body and laying with him in the street until he dies as well. John is left standing alone in the rain, with a puddle of blood next to him. There is so much blood. It’s all that’s left of his friend, slowly being washed away into the storm drain.
John interrupts with a pointed cough, and Sherlock falls silent reluctantly, judging that this is not the time though clearly not sure why. John changes the subject aggressively, forcing a light-hearted tone. “Well, that was a hell of a day! From Buckingham Palace to almost getting my head blown off… and that
"You can't tell me you've honestly never considered it. You could be gone years. He hasn't accepted your death yet, not really, but after months or more... he'll move on. He'll have to. You can't tell me you want him to stay stuck, grieving, not living any sort of real life for however long it takes you to track down the rest of Moriarty's network. And if you do die in the process what then? Is he to wait forever?"
. Sherlock has discovered that nothing provides as good a distraction from a tough puzzle than a quick tumble with John. So good, in fact, that the solution often comes to him halfway through, leading to several incidents of Sherlock running off in the middle of things, leaving John frustrated, unfulfilled, and decidedly cranky about putting on his clothes and following Sherlock into the cold streets of London.
Of course, John thought. He was too smart to pair up victims and framed suspects who had even a tangential connexion to each other, but all knew him from different places. In the middle, where the strings crossed, Sherlock had written on the mirror with a permanent marker “
"Oh yes, you changed everything. Clothes, manner, cadence of walk, all the scents of life, your cosmetics, everything. But I still smelled you under it. There's a smell to you James, that you can't hide. You smell of rot. You smell of decay. And no matter what you promise me, I am not going to rot with you."
John rolled his eyes. “Are you trying to say that I can either have sex with you right now or go out and get you some cocaine?”
John cuts him off again, cold, ruthless. "Just don't, Sherlock." The way he says the name slashes like a knife, so different than the way it has ever sat in his mouth before, like the man before him is a stranger.
John’s feeling sleepy, but something that’s been niggling at him all day just won’t be quieted. He’s tried to ignore it to show his annoyance at Sherlock’s arrogance, but it just doesn’t seem worth it any longer.
“I’m here on behalf of Mr. Moran. He’s very concerned about the lateness of the most recent shipment.”
“No, it’s not,” John admits. They lock eyes for a long second and then Sherlock pounces, straddling his lap and kissing him forcefully and deeply, like he is trying to possess John with his mouth. John gives as good as he gets, and the kiss lasts at least a full minute – long enough for John to contemplate any number of filthy things he could do to his detective, right here in this chair – before Sherlock breaks it off and jumps to his feet abruptly.
John trails off and Sherlock knows he should answer him, say all the half formed thoughts and feelings that John needs to hear from him, but he’s frozen, overwhelmed, still a little disbelieving. At last he nods infinitesimally, afraid that if he moves too much the moment will pop like a soap bubble and leave him alone again, afraid that John is the one who isn’t real.
Sherlock snorts derisively. “It’s too late for that, all you’ll be doing is pointing them to the fact that for all appearances you’ve been doing all sorts of things you oughtn’t. No, the only way out for you it to let it play out and we’ll catch them when they spring their trap for you Which means you must act as normally as you possibly can. Go on with your work, with everything as if you had no idea what was going on, but be alert. And go over your house very carefully – I suspect they also may have left some small items that might be incriminating to you later on, but I can’t tell you what. Just look for anything unfamiliar or –”
“Because of details, John! Now, tell me everything.” Sherlock hunkers down across from John and turns his full attention on him, as usual both unsettling and flattering.
A sudden urgency courses through Sherlock and he pulls at John’s cardigan, trying to unbutton it with one hand whilst gripping John’s shoulder and running teeth along John’s neck. John sides Sherlock’s suit jacket off his shoulders so skillfully that Sherlock hardly notices until it falls to the floor, and runs strong hands up under Sherlock’s aubergine shirt, mapping the lines of his back with sensitive fingers.
John can feel the climax swelling within him, and grips Sherlock tighter, trying to hold on just a little longer. He feels Sherlock’s hand against his cheek, fingers in his hair, the smooth voice, now jagged, saying, “It’s okay John, just let go.”
“I highly doubt that.” Mycroft gives a heavy sigh and half sits on the wall of Harry’s front garden. “John. How much do you know about Sherlock’s life before you met him?”
Still nothing. She was tapping her foot impatiently. He said, “Oh, yes, of course, I’m ready,” even though he wasn’t. Once her code had been entered he stepped up to the keypad, mind blank. He cursed Sherlock and his cleverness. He was always more interested in being clever than in being human. John was constantly telling him… Ohhh. Suddenly John knew the answer.
He narrowed his eyes and scrutinised Moran. “Oh, I see now… Moriarty never trusted you, did he? You were his second in command, but he never gave up his secrets to you. He’s gone, but he didn’t leave you in charge, at least not of more than a fraction of his dealings. In fact, the network itself has probably dissolved into a bunch of little independent operations, each run by power-grabbing toadies like you who stepped up before his body was even cold. Which means the kill order he left has probably been largely ineffective for at least a couple of months now, what with everyone at each other’s throats and no central figure to bring them together.”
Sherlock looks stunned, as if he’s never considered that before, then wary. John can see in his eyes that dread of being possessed, controlled, of having his freedom, his self taken away from him. Of having to transform into someone he can’t possibly be.
“Me neither,” he lied. He felt marginally better this morning. A little less empty. It was good to not be alone, even for just an evening.
Bryant, who had just started to relax, begins hyperventilating again at the word "police". John glares at Sherlock and he shuts up.
Sherlock Holmes isn’t sure at what point he’d decided to plan John Watson’s wedding. He’s not sure he’d really decided at all, in fact. John and Mary seem equally uncertain as to how this developed but show no signs of wishing him to stop, so he forges on. Neither of them seem particularly eager or adept, and Mary’s taste is, to put it mildly, appalling. Best if he handles things.
Sherlock straightens and adopts his brother’s buttoned up attitude with uncanny ease, quoting in a single breath: “ ‘You-win-Sherlock-I-can’t-take-another-day-of-watching-my-baby-brother-being-buggered-sixteen-ways-from-Sunday-in-the-sitting-room-it’s-indecent-worse-than-that-there’s-audio-and-as-a-point-of-interest-how-do-you-manage-that-thing-with-your-leg-no-please-don’t-
“Your presence is not required,” Sherlock says coldly and is gone before John can argue. John is left alone in the sitting room, feeling sick and useless. After a few minutes, Mrs. Hudson enters to check on him.
"No," he repeats, more firmly. "I'm finished. I'm not a soldier anymore, Greg. I'm not a detective anymore. I'm not a blogger or a partner or a lover or any of those things I was to Sherlock. I can't be. That life can't exist without him, and if I'm going to have any hope of making any kind of life in the future for myself I have to stop pretending that I can ever be those things again. It's finished. I wish it wasn't, but it is."
“If I didn’t ‘wander in’ here all the time, this place would never be clean and you’d never have fresh food in, but if you’re tired of that I am happy to not be your housekeeper. Especially as I’m
“We’ll have to take the risk. He won’t be safe in his house, and if he’s with us we can give him an alibi if we need to.”
The shop has the unique scent of patchouli and wheatgrass that marks it as a firmly hippie establishment. Sherlock instantly transforms into someone else when they walk in the door. John knows this one. Pretentious Homosexual Sherlock. John can easily guess what his part is supposed to be.
Sherlock doesn’t smile. “Go stand by the fireplace,” he orders. “As far away as possible and still be line of sight.”
There is a pause and he feels John smile, feels his assent, feels the space between them recede, and he curls himself around the doctor, trying to touch every centimetre of skin with his own, pressing his lips into the nape of John’s neck and leaving them there.
John gives a faint nod and leaves, stepping out into a fine cold, misting rain. He stands still for a moment, surprised at the effort it's taking him to walk away.
Maybe simply running himself to exhaustion is the answer, John thinks as he climbs in to the black sedan the next morning, better rested than he’s been in days despite only getting a few hours’ sleep. It certainly seems like he’s about to have the opportunity.
“Preferable to getting the police involved at this point. None of those men had any real spirit or ambition, and hopefully they’ll choose a better master next time. Of course some may get lost in the snow and die before they can get to town, but what I gave them was better than what Moran would have.”
John’s heart was pounding. It was working, but this was the critical point. It would be far too easy to give himself away now, and while Mr. Božić was old, John knew another solider when he saw one, and he was quite fit for his age. “Who gave you those orders?”
Had Sherlock been trying to warn John against himself, knowing he would do this eventually? Or had he just been afraid at how much he was giving away. John’s mind spins desperately.
“Sherlock, I can read,” John growls at him. “Look, I can’t keep this pace up much longer, particularly since I don’t understand what the hell it is I’m doing. Have you learned anything at all from all this?
“Not even a little,” John grunted, as he shifted Sherlock so he was facing the right way on the bed and covered him with the sheet. “Why did you do this, why now? You’ve been clean for months. Or have you?”
“He only steals the jewellery to pay the bills. He doesn’t get a thrill from it, or from the break-in itself. That’s where we’ve been wrong. That’s just money, he can’t be trapped by luring him with trinkets, however valuable. He’s got self-control there. What thrills him is the pictures – he steals personal family photos that only have value to the owners. And only ones that don’t have copies or negatives or exist in digital form. He gets off on stealing memories that can never be replaced.”
John closes his eyes, trying to hold on to this moment. Soon, though, Sherlock raises himself up, holding John’s shoulders, and slowly begins to thrust into him, sliding part way out and then back in as deeply as possible, rhythmically, first measured and almost lazily, then building the tempo, riding John faster and harder, slamming into him with a force that takes John’s breath away, brushing his g-spot just enough to drive all conscious thought out of John’s head.
John gave him a significant look and spoke very clearly. “Sherlock. I would really like to take you out. To dinner. Tonight. At a nice restaurant. Alone.”
“Perhaps not. But I can’t afford the risk, anything that dulls my senses, that makes me weak or unfocused. It could mean the end of me. It would be better, safer for us both, if you went entirely, ended our friendship, moved out, distanced yourself from me completely. But I’m…too selfish to ask you do that.”
I'M SORRY IF THIS HURTS, IT REALLY NEEDS TO BE CLOSED, John tells him, tapping his foot against Sherlock's to keep his hands free.
Sherlock in turn puts his mouth to the ugly, intricate scar that mars both the front and back of John’s left shoulder and sets himself to tracing each and every white line of it, starting at the outside and working clockwise towards the centre. It’s as is if he wants to lick the poison out of it, or maybe just learn it by heart. John understands that this is the most tender thing Sherlock can think to do to him, and lets himself be taken by the soft and pleasing sensation of Sherlock’s tongue  wandering over his bare skin.
“No, Sherlock, it’s not…” John pauses. He doesn’t know how to say any of it but he can’t allow Sherlock to think for a moment that John doesn’t want him anymore. He closes his eyes and lets out a long breath, sliding out of his chair to sit on the floor. Sherlock sits beside him, close but not touching, legs crossed, watching John breathe. He waits.
But then something hardens in his face and the glint returns to his eyes. He reaches into his pocket and produces John’s missing pistol. “Well, the least we can do is make it difficult for the little vermin.” He thunders out into the hall and bellows over the railing. “Tesla Estelle Holmes-Watson you get up here
“You’re attached to someone in such a way that means you can never truly be attached to anyone else. Not completely. And I love that about you. It’s beautiful, really. I just can’t…live with that.”
John clenches his hands into fists and finally lets his eyes meet Sherlock's. "It's that as much as this hurts, it doesn't hurt half as much as when..."
He watches as John surveys the space. Gone are the shelves and the hood and the lab bench John had put in as a gift to him when he'd given up his room. There's no trace of human or animal remains, except for some fancifully taxidermied bunny rabbits in hats, and the only poisons left to be seen are those depicted in the colorful mobile hanging over the beautifully carved wooden cot - family heirloom, wrested from Mycroft by physical force - in which Rosie is sleeping.
John lets out a long breath, a breath he’s been holding since Christmas. He shifts so he’s kneeling between Sherlock’s legs and put his hands on the bony thighs. Sherlock bends down until his forehead brushes John’s.
“I won’t even go into how profoundly screwed up it is that your family’s version of ‘please come to my party’ involves illegal threats and tax evasion. That takes care of you, what about me?”
Sherlock frowns. “What I do… what we do… is inherently dangerous. You can’t keep me in a bubble, John.”
“If you must know, yes. For some strange reason I seemed to be off my game tonight. How was the cadaver?”
He understands then, rain beating down on him, crimson and pink swirling around his feet, that Sherlock knew how it would end all along. Or at least guessed. That’s why he had ended things when he did, thinking it would be easier this way, for John, for him. Typical Sherlock thinking. But it wasn’t easier, at least not for John. There had been no proper goodbye, at least not till the very end, and even that had been wrong and full of lies. There was no acknowledgement of the situation, no last night together. Just the false hope that it would be over soon and that they would be together again. But it had never been going to end any other way than this.
“Mmm, don’t use up all the good ones at once,” John tells him, planting a kiss on his chest and getting something approximating a tiger’s purr in return.
Sherlock nods, slowly returning to a state of equilibrium. He hears Molly stir, and wishes she hadn’t seen that. She’s got his coat and helps him into it. He cringes when she opens her mouth to speak, but instead of sympathy she just says very quietly, low enough that John can’t hear, “You’re still yourself, you know. This doesn’t change that.”
“Yes,” agrees Sherlock, shifting his coat so it partially covers John too. John feels a happiness so deep, despite the incredible pain spreading out into every part of his body and the bone shattering chill, that he feels like he can barely speak and yet that he can’t hold it in either. He strokes Sherlock’s hand and dares to whisper almost inaudibly, “Oh, my very, very dark thing. So dark it’s blinding.”
The phone number! That was the important thing. The number Jim had slipped under his book in the lab, while playing the part of Molly’s boyfriend. He’d discounted it as a pick-up attempt at the time, and after the pool had discounted it again. It certainly rang to an untraceable cellphone that would be deactivated after their little meeting. Moriarty would never have been so foolish as to leave such an obviously loose end.
John shakes his head. “If you must be a dark thing, be a dark nebula. They’re full of energy and they draw light to themselves but they don't destroy. They do really shine, but beyond the spectrum of the human eye.”
“There was a figure next to me, blurry but real. The man I’d shot.” John barks a bitter laugh. “Man. Boy, barely. Thirteen years old, max. He was badly wounded.”
He doesn't mean the house he's shared with Mary for the past two years, with the tidy back garden and the gated drive. He means Baker Street. He means wherever Sherlock is.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to say even the smallest scintilla of any of that. But he doesn’t need to. The frustration in John’s face melts away like snow on a lamppost. He lets out a long breath, puts his hand on Sherlock’s bare calf. Sherlock feels warm for the first time in a month, a hot-water bottle being filled up from the place where John is touching him until he’s full to bursting with warmth.
What an odd thing to say, Sherlock thought. But then people were always saying odd things to him, particularly about John. Still, the DI was right, certainly. If John  saw him in this state, he would assume Sherlock was injured as well and that would likely add to his stress and slow his recovery. Sherlock nodded to Lestrade warily, took the clothes, and made himself presentable in the shortest time he could manage. Then he rushed to John’s room.
a you and I. When it pushes all thought of me out of your head. When you don’t seem to be mine any more, or care if I’m yours. Or care about anything at all but her!”
John stops dead in his tracks and literally chokes, coughing uncontrollably while Sherlock forges on.
For once Sherlock did as he was told. John dragged Moran to the next room and bound and gagged him expertly. Then he went on a hunt for a first aid kit. The place was surprisingly well stocked – he found bandages, antibiotics, surgical supplies, painkillers, and more. He grabbed what he thought he’d need and went back up to Sherlock. He was half lying on a couch, eyes closed.
With difficulty, John stops himself from screaming at Sherlock for his coldness, for being upset about the wrong things. He knows him well enough now to understand that while he may be genuinely obsessed with the puzzle, he is not unaffected by the scene before him. Sherlock Holmes, master of displacement.
one, the other one, has a large piece of wood sticking out of it. A piece of the broom handle has broken off inside. He hadn’t even felt it, but he feels it now and he drops the jacket and sits down, suddenly woozy.
?!’ ” Sherlock quotes in a passable imitation of her tone. They both roar with laughter, and the moment of strangeness has passed.
Lestrade notices his increased tension and picks up the pace. “You know, I'm sure, that she and her organisation were connected to James Moriarty.” He pauses and then says very carefully. “When there was a James Moriarty, that is.”
"You could come with me,” John points out, making an effort to seem as unruffled by the baiting as possible. “A meeting like this seems right up your alley.”
That was Sherlock’s roundabout way of saying he needed to talk the case over. John gets home as fast as he can and hears Sherlock’s voice already in mid-deduction as he comes up the stairs.
They both abandon control at the same moment, colliding roughly, restraint and appreciation replaced by need and desire. They crush against one another, devouring each other with their hands. John reaches into Sherlock’s boxers and wraps a hand firmly, gently around him. He is hard, throbbing and already slick, and Sherlock moans, thrusting his hips at John and fumbling with his hands for John’s groin. He growls in frustration when John releases him – soon, too soon, not enough – even for the brief moments it takes to remove their pants.
"Are you just trying to get me partnered out of some misplaced, conflated guilt regarding your childhood friend and what happened between you and I years ago?"
That is a bad sign. John kisses his shoulder and pushes him gently onto the bed. “You’ve been overworking your brain, that’s all. It needs to rest. Let me see if I can make things brighter.”
Sherlock yawns. “I’m not seeing a problem here, Mr. Bryant. You’ve come to me because life has been too quixotically kind to you?”
safety, not anyone else’s. It’s my business. I’m as careful as I want to be. Besides,” he adds harshly, “I’m careful with
John thinks it too, Sherlock can tell, his hands are shaking just a bit and he starts to talk about how they should go home, get some rest, come at it tomorrow, maybe Sherlock will feel better. Sherlock barely registers his words. As soon as he thinks it, permanent, degenerative, it's the only thing in his head and he knows it to be true. He’s tried so hard not to think it, to do as John’s asked and stay hopeful, but he can’t any longer. The words echo and grow within him.
Sherlock tended his own wounds as well as he could, given that he only had water and a spare shirt to clean them with, and attempted to get some sleep. It was against his nature to give into sleep in a situation like this, but he knew he needed to try to keep his body strong if he was to last. He ate some of the food provided as well. He hoped Mycroft had gotten his message and was on his way. It might be humiliating to be rescued by his big brother, but it was preferable to the alternative at this point.
Sherlock cleared John’s airway of as much water as he could and then, pinching John’s nose, covered his mouth with his own and blew great blasts of air into his lungs. Nothing. He tried again. Still nothing. He alternated with CPR, beating down on John’s chest, willing his heart to start again. There was still no response. This could not be happening. It was just a routine case, nothing special. How had it have gone so wrong? He thought desperately as he worked. There had to be some way, something else he could try.
“Thank you,” John says, meaning it, strangely warmed by the gesture, the significance that Mycroft has accepted him as family, accepted partial responsibility for his sister. John has been trying to keep her together on his own for twenty years, and to have someone share the burden, even marginally, is a relief he can’t express. Perhaps that’s how Mycroft feels about John.
John’s head snaps up. “What could you possibly know about it?” he hisses at her. “How could you possibly imagine anything that I’m feeling? You had a
John pushes Sherlock off him, with enough force for Sherlock to nearly lose his balance and stumble back against the opposing wall. He’d forgotten how strong John is. “You can’t fix this!” he yells. “Just stop it. Stop it right now. You can’t just pretend the past year never happened, act like it’s fine. Don’t you think I would if I could? But it’s not fine.
“Right. That’s how it works. You keep things from me, so I’m out of it. That’s gone so well in the past,” John snaps. “I’m never really out of it Sherlock. Especially not now.”
“Is it really?” Sherlock seemed genuinely surprised, and squinted at the first rays of dawn lightening the horizon. “Well, let’s see if we can’t find somewhere to do us a nice roast and a Yorkshire pudding anyway. And then back to work!”
John reached Vienna mid-morning the next day. He had spent the whole train ride mulling over Sherlock’s puzzle. Blast that man. He understood that it hadn’t been safe to write the information in a letter anyone might end up with, but since he was writing to Mycroft he might well have picked codes that Mycroft would know. Then John could have just
Sherlock becomes aware that even if his mind is far too wound up and cluttered to contemplate John’s proposition, his body is most certainly listening and is enthusiastically in favour of the idea. Sometimes, it is best to listen to one’s urges.
The man stands warily and the officers tense. Sherlock looks him up and down, circling around and inspecting him careful. “This is the wrong man, it can’t be him! What are you playing at, Lestrade? Let this poor sod go and go get the right one, before he makes a run for it! He’ll know you’ve been sniffing around the shop, you’ll be lucky if he isn’t halfway to Bristol already.”
Sherlock looks him over, completely devoid of empathy once he assures himself of the lack of blood or other sign of severe injury on his friend. He opens his mouth to say something, but a loud, feminine “
"Oh, you're welcome," John says irritably. "I don't know, Sherlock. Organise your mind palace? Listen to the news? Play your violin."
John's voice comes from the other side of the kitchen than where he'd calculated, and he feels a flash of frustration at his mistake. "Yeah. Yeah, of course. But in the morning, we really have to deal with--"
“What did they take?” Sherlock asks Bryant, running his finger through the dust on a still-intact grandfather clock.
John resists the instinct to be hurt by his words and instead reaches out and puts his hands on Sherlock’s waist, stopping him from leaving. He mirrors Sherlock’s position, kneeling before him and resting his forehead against Sherlock’s.
Just trying to do simple tasks without fumbling about suddenly takes up so much of his concentration that when he's done he's shocked to realise he hadn't thought of anything beyond what he was actually doing. It's disconcerting, but before he has time to worry about it, he find he's got the opposite problem. He can't think of anything to
“Morning,” John said, and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, bending down to kiss him on the cheek, as if he had done it a hundred, a thousand mornings before. He felt Sherlock tense in surprise, but he did not look up from his slide.
Sherlock protests weakly as John stuffs him in the car, then slumps against the window, taking up most of the back seat. John settles opposite with a deep sigh.
John doesn’t withdraw, but Sherlock can feel his fingers tense and knows he’s not entirely unaffected. He makes no comment about it, though, and chatters on about what they have to do now, going to hospital, more tests, as he helps Sherlock to the bathroom, to get cleaned up and to dress. Sherlock’s sense of balance is improving, but not enough to do so many complicated tasks by feel alone.
“None of your talk, they warned me about you,” the guard said, redoubling his grip on the gun as he came closer. “Stay still!”
“Sherlock,” he says, and his voice is choked but strong. “I love you. I’ve never loved anything like I love you and when I lost you, I lost myself, and I’ve never quite found myself again since.”
John looks away and tries to get his emotions in check, a swirling storm of hurt, anger, confusion, and sadness. “I’m not convinced that this is either what you need or what you want.”
He opened it. It contained a pair of gloves, a sock, a battered Croatian phrasebook, a mostly empty tin of English tea, and an envelope labeled “Mycroft”. John felt a faint moment of disappointment that Sherlock had not expected John to be the one to come and find him, but he pushed it aside.
For just a moment Moriarty looks nonplussed. Then he smiles as if he's just been told a joke only he understands. "What if I promise you that John Watson will suffer. Will die. Will know you for a thousand times betrayer before he dies. Will you rot with me then?"
Lestrade showed no sign of recognition as he typed in the name. “This may take a little while – we just got the interagency information sharing network up and running properly, but it’s slow. Might as well have a drink while it runs – I’m going to need one before I can face Tricia.”
The warmth of Sherlock’s body seeps into John and he can feel the tension in every fibre of the detective, can feel his own body responding despite himself, can feel his remaining resistance slipping away. This is wrong, this is bad, he tells himself, willing himself to stop it. But a part of him doesn’t want to, even when he feels Sherlock’s free hand moving down his chest, to his stomach and lower.
, while I was here trying to pick up the bits of a life that wasn’t going to ever fit back together. And I resent it, Sherlock. I resent the time I spent mourning, and I resent being left to do it while you went and had your fun. It
He can feel John fidget uncomfortably. "Yes. There are a few things it could be that are serious. I mean, more serious than losing your vision permanently."
“Come on,” coaxes John, still caressing his leg. “Sulking all day is only going to make you edgier, and neither of us has anything better to do but wait and get more and more wound up. Why not release a little tension instead? I’ll make it worth your time…”
John snaps, ruins everything, gives himself away to their opponent, allows his flash of jealousy and unease to give her the upper hand for a moment. And then she’s wrapping herself up in Sherlock’s coat, his
But John didn’t seem to miss it much and, with the exception of Sarah, he’d never really seemed to care about his girlfriends. He just liked to have one, like it was an accessory that proved he was a normal, red blooded male. Sherlock pretended not to remember who they were, to aggravate them, but John actually did have trouble keeping track of them. It was best all around that he seemed to have weaned himself off the habit.
John reaches up and smears a thumb along the knife edge of Sherlock’s cheekbone, smooth and untouched by the wrinkles that crowd his eyes and mouth. “Now you see what I was so upset about. But I suppose it can’t be helped. She has to grow up eventually and that means there are going to be boys. Probably more than just this one. She can’t just rattle around this house with us old sods forever.”
"You were. Coming back now doesn't change that. You were dead for two years, and you annulled any chance we might have had the moment you threw yourself off that roof. When you convinced me you had committed suicide and broke every single promise you ever made me!
Sherlock controls himself and says coldly, “Do you mind very much if we finish this later? Seeing as how there’s an disturbed killer tracking our every movement?”
When she’s gone, Sherlock immediately turns his attention back to John, who holds him off. “Sherlock… if you want to take that case now, it’s fine with me.”
A series of short, but interesting, cases come and go. Sherlock and John return to something approaching their normal dynamic, for which John is grateful. Then there is a lull. Sherlock grows bored and restive, beginning to chafe against his strict sobriety, alternately begging and ordering John to help him. John refuses his pleas with outward placidity, but begins to worry that if something doesn’t come up soon, Sherlock will take matters into his own hands.
The back door is ajar, and John pushes it open as quietly as he can manage, entering into a filthy corridor, tensing for attack. None comes, but he can see in the dust Sherlock came this way. He gets his bearings. The house seems to be a dark warren of hallways and rooms leading into other rooms. Ambush could be anywhere. This is place is a death trap and smells of mould and rotting things.
“John… I… there was nothing I could do. Mycroft came and took him, just moments before you came down. I didn’t have a choice. But I checked John, I checked and double checked and he was gone.”
But John shakes his head. “No. Keeping a shrine to Mary out of guilt while you’re right here with me, when you’re my future is wrong. And she’d be the first to say so.”
“I really don’t. I did exactly what you told me. If you didn’t get what you needed, that’s entirely your fault.”
They held each other for several minutes more, clinging to one another like children. The emotion was too raw and the relief too great for propriety to reassert itself just yet. When they had both managed to compose themselves, Sherlock smiled wryly. “Now, I have to agree with you that people really
There is a long pause while John puts it together. Sherlock’s not sure what he expects but it isn’t the stinging slap to the face he gets.
John gets home mid-morning on Tuesday. Sherlock, predictably, takes no notice. He’s sitting sideways in John’s chair, legs dangling over the arm and head tilted back, staring blankly at the ceiling while he thinks through some problem. John trudges up to his room to unpack, feeling both relieved and oppressed at being back.
Sherlock folded his hands behind his back. “No. Except that he will ask about me. You only have him because he wants you to have him, and that’s only because he thinks he will be able to learn about me through you. If he sees that is not happening, he will slip through your fingers at once. Tell him… tell him everything he wants to know, but not immediately. You may get something from him that way. Normal interrogation techniques, torture will have no effect on him. He has no pressure points, but his interest in me may be…a weakness…you can use.”
They arrive at the mostly-intact crime scene early the next morning – the body having been removed to the morgue. John rubs his neck self-consciously, and turns up his collar a bit. Blast that man. Sherlock knew John hated turtlenecks because they made him feel strangled, and the only one he’d owned had mysteriously gone missing several weeks ago.
In a swift movement, Sherlock  grabs his wrists and pins them to the wall above his head with one hand. “Say you’re not going to leave me!” he growls.
In darker moments, he begins to wonder if it had even been real. It’s hard to believe that this man before him now had ever burned at his touch, had ever cried his name in ecstasy, had ever snuggled up to him as soft and trusting as a kitten. That they had whispered to each other about stars and galaxies, pledged their whole selves to one another, unconditionally, permanently. Because what John has now feels like anything but all of Sherlock.
“That’s entirely different,” Sherlock cuts in smoothly. “The physical act enhances the existing bond of affection. But you of all people know that isn’t always, or even often, the case. Don’t change the subject.”
shouldn’t have forged my name on anything. But you’re right. We’re a family already and we came by it the longest and most difficult way possible. We decided a long time ago we’d never let each other go again. Anything else is trivial, just as you said.”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock closes his eyes, basking in the afterglow and allowing John to affectionately toy with his mop of curls. At last John sighs and says, “I’d better get cleaned up and go help Mrs. Hudson. Or she’s going to come up here to find us. Coming?”
“Dutch. It’s a province of the Netherlands. And the name of any number of companies in the region…a bank, a dairy corporation, a defunct oil company, a non-profit organization for children with disabilities. I ran it down a bit, but nothing suspicious and no connexion I could find to her or…
They stop on a little patio at the end of the conservatory, under an arch covered in twining vines that bear fragrant white flowers. She's a good five inches taller than he is, and isn't much younger, but when the soft light catches her just right she looks like a girl. He reaches up and brushes a strand of hair off her face.
Sherlock doesn't sleep but there's an undeniable influence to the quiet and solitude of the place that allows him to relax more than he'd like to admit. Victor continues to not ask questions over breakfast the next morning, instead keeping up an inconsequential but not unpleasant patter about the neighbors, his projects, his historical research. Sherlock suspects he could probably spontaneously move into the castle without explanation and stay for several years, and Victor would still act as if he thought nothing of it unless Sherlock brought it up first.
It was hard enough to maintain a mental balance in idleness when he was in his own home, with his experiments and John to distract him. He knew his grip on sanity was tenuous at the best of times, and he was certain this bare cell was designed for the purposes of sensory deprivation to help push him over the edge. Or perhaps merely to ensure his tools of escape were limited. Either way the effect was the same and he could feel his self-imposed calm beginning to slip away, though of course he gave no outward sign of it.
It almost breaks him. Almost destroys the carefully constructed alternate reality in which they are mates and anything else there was to it is only a distant, perhaps fond, memory – if it happened at all. He tamps back those thoughts, locking the door to that room firmly. It works, well enough, and he continues on, smoothly taking over his own duties and then pretty much everyone else’s in his meticulously crafted obsession to ensure complete perfection for John and Mary’s wedding.
“I don’t think you hate Christmas nearly as much as you like everyone to think,” he tells Sherlock in a low voice. “In fact, I think you quite enjoy it.”
“Mycroft, it’s John Watson. Yes, of course you knew that, how ridiculous of me to even bother with basic manners. As a matter of fact I do want something. It’s a bit of a massive favour. Well, by my calculations you owe me a bit of a massive favour. Or three. Oh really? Would like me to list the ways I’ve kept your brother alive, clean, and out of jail over the past two years? All right,
“Crissakes, you aren’t even wearing trousers!” John stomps back to Sherlock’s side of the sitting room and shakes the sleeve of his second best dressing gown for emphasis.
His head is pounding now, the headache having crept up on him as his memory crept away. "I don't know. It's working slower on me but thinking is becoming difficult and I am feeling... some sense of irrational fear as well."
Sherlock searched his friend’s face and body for signs of more serious injury he might be hiding and found none. “You’re all right,” he repeated, with more conviction this time.
Sherlock looks at her sharply, remembering uttering those words himself once. It sends a chill down his spine.
At last Sherlock closed his eyes and darted forward quickly, brushing his lips against John’s then retreating back into himself just as fast.
“I changed nearly every single thing about my life when I moved in with you. Am I fundamentally different person because of it?”
“I very much doubt that,” Sherlock replies and she doesn’t deny it. “I suspect there’s still quite a lot you can do to aid me in my work.”
“When you’re warm like that you look like a heat lamp in a sauna.” Sherlock smiles, but John can see his mood is starting to change already, his mind ramping up, his body no longer soft and boneless. He looks worlds better than he had a couple days ago. What little colour he ever shows has returned, he seems to have gained at least half a stone, and he appears refreshed and alert.
“Mrs. Hudson got them for me. She’ll be round in a little while, wanted you to have your things. Besides, Dr. Watson sees you like that, he’ll just worry,” Lestrade told him.
John feels something loosen in his chest, a weight he hadn’t even known was there is lifting for the first time since he’s lived with Sherlock. He turns his head carefully, trying not to jar his spine, and kisses Sherlock’s dripping face on every single scratch, and finally on the lips. He tastes of rainwater and blood and a hint of illicit tobacco that John won’t mention right now.
John arrives, flustered and out of breath, with the baby and her many associated belongings. He hasn't brought Rosie to the flat much since Mary died. Sherlock's not sure what that means. Does John not want her around him? Or perhaps he thinks Sherlock doesn’t want to see her or be bothered. He knows John must need the help. He was certainly desperate for a hand today, and the timing is perfect.
That is the closest thing to romance John is likely to get, and he treasures the strangeness of it. And then Sherlock begins to move and all thoughts are seared from John’s head. It’s over far too soon and yet they seem to exist timelessly in those few moments.
But Victor finds the will. After another endless second, he disentangles himself from John with obvious reluctance and shifts back on the sofa, putting the barest modicum of distance between them.
He leaned over to pick up the manacles off the floor, trying to keep his gun steady and his eyes on Sherlock at the same time. His gaze only flickered away for a second, which was plenty of time for Sherlock to reach out almost lazily and disarm him by snapping his wrist with a loud crack. Before the man even knew what was happening, he was on the floor with his broken hand behind his back, Sherlock’s foot on his neck, and his own gun aimed at the back of his head.
“We keep our heads down, stick to our business, and don’t let our eyes get bigger than our stomachs.”
"You know what," John says, resignedly. "I don't care anymore. Do as you please. Smuggle your goddamn heart out. Build your own empire. I don't care."
John calms visibly as he accesses his medical memory. If Sherlock can just keep him working John might be able to avoid another break entirely.
John supposes he should be relieved by this, but he’s not. “But there’s something though, isn’t there?”
Eventually John reaches the place where he physically can not cry any longer. As a doctor he understand the exact mechanisms that cause the tears to run out and the tightness in the chest to grow to the point where nothing else can come, but at the moment all he knows is that he feels hollowed out, empty and fragile and sharp as an eggshell. He realises he is gripping Molly’s hand to a point that must be painful, though she has not tried to move, and eases up.
He quickly sums up the events leading up to Sherlock's death, the ones that haven't been publicised, and what he'd learned from Lestrade. Victor listens quietly to his revelations, but with the look of a man who is reining in his feelings with some difficulty.
"Hallucinations..." Sherlock breathes. "So you're saying I haven't been unable to hear or see anything but you just because of some strange twist in my circuitry..."
He caught himself laughing in a way he knew was not entirely sane. He didn’t like it when John was gone lately. Anything could happen. He had to stay close to John, didn’t he? John was infuriating. He didn’t understand. Always talking and asking questions and complaining. Wouldn’t let him alone. But last time he’d gone to Sarah’s there’d been a bomb instead, and then he’d tried to die to save Sherlock. That mustn’t happen again. John really should be more careful.
He refused to be parted from John, in the ambulance or at the hospital. The staff tried to explain to him that he needed to be admitted, but he ignored them and they resorted to treating him as he sat by John’s bedside, watching like a hawk as the doctors stitched him up and warmed him with blankets and fluids. Sherlock would not budge, not until he was sure that John was stable and out of danger. Only then would he permit himself to be led to a bed and made to lie down, and that was only because he had caught himself nearly falling out his chair at John’s bedside.
were wrong this time?” Anderson asks nastily, his nasal voice grating on John, who unconsciously moves closer to Sherlock.
“God help me, yes, John. But take care of yourself. I don’t need another body of someone… someone I know,” he corrected quickly. “And try not to
John lathers him again and Sherlock can feel the tension in John's body against him as he approaches with the blade. Still, his hands are rock solid and confident when he starts at Sherlock's left ear and works down, shaving with the grain of the hair. He's working very slowly, but making no mistakes. He does across Sherlock's face and under his nose, then tilts Sherlock's head back and, with a deep breath, starts on his neck and throat.
“You have no intention of letting this case go, do you?” he asks, when Sherlock finally sets down the violin.
“Shut up, just tell me where he is!” John shouted in a slightly strangled voice. “Why did he do it? Why hasn’t he come to me?! Take me to him right now!”
Victor accepts this without further comment and Sherlock changes the subject, overloaded on emotional introspection for the time being.
“Well, it did nearly get you shot. I would think you’d be more invested in the reasons behind that.”
Sherlock can hear Rosie crying through the ceiling, and he hopes it’s mainly due to being tired and a toddler and not to the scene she’d just witnessed. It wasn’t as if he and John didn’t have loud rows at least once a week, often in front of her. She usually seems more entertained by them than frightened. But this was different somehow, and Sherlock feels guilty. And something else, too.
Moran did not appear terribly surprised. He rose and poured himself a drink. “And why is that, Mr. Holmes? It seems a perfectly reasonable offer to me.”
“The other man, Moran’s agent. Not the usual man, but he had all the credentials. I swear, I was only waiting for him to return to send it.”
“I know how we encountered her,” John says through clenched teeth, wondering if he’s actually going to be able to do this.
Sherlock looks less than convinced and John crosses the room and climbs onto the bed, pushing Sherlock back gently against the pillows.
Sherlock flashes him a brief, genuine smile. “Good, John. Police are saying it was poison. I need you to go to the morgue and confirm for me – I texted Molly to expect you.”
“Jesus Christ, piss off,” John snaps, pushing Sherlock’s head away from his and shaking himself. “What time is it?”
For Sherlock's part, whenever he growls “mine” to John at random and decreasing intervals, bites him in a place nearly impossible to cover when he goes out, snaps in annoyance “hurry up, I need you”, or pulls John to him suddenly, roughly, twanging with desire, John finds that he could not possibly feel more cherished by anyone. He wonders if something is wrong with him, then decides he doesn’t want to know because it wouldn’t change a thing.
He starts walking again, so determinedly that Sherlock moves out of the way and falls in beside him.
The company is large, with several floors of shiny, new offices attached to a massive complex of warehouses and factories. Bryant wasn’t kidding that it was a good job. It must be the largest paper manufacturer in London, perhaps in all of England  For all it’s size, though, it’s surprisingly deserted when John enters, well before noon. He realises belatedly that it’s a bank holiday – of course hardly anyone is working today.
“You had me kidnapped out of my lodgings, transported across thousands of miles, drugged multiple times, imprisoned for days, restrained, drugged again, and…forcibly bathed. I’m not sure rude covers it.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and leans into John’s hand, tangling his own fingers in John’s chest hair. Then he seems to shake himself and withdraws, swinging his legs so he is sitting on the edge of the bed.
He jumps back and she does too, both hurriedly straightening their clothes. Sherlock is standing there, in his kitchen porter black and apron. He looks embarrassed, like a servant should, and averts his eyes.
Morarity is unfazed. He practically laughs in Sherlock's face. "Because you think you belong to him, but you don't. You belong to me."
When he returns home Sherlock is gone and so is the Woman. He refuses to let that worry him, and focuses on the fact that at least she is not there. He tidies the flat, strips the bed and launders the sheets - and the towels and Sherlock's blue dressing gown. Once he's remade the bed, which now only smells of cleanness, he decides he's purged 221B of her presence adequately, climbs into it, and falls asleep.
It’s a sharp November night, full moon out, and his breath turns to a cloud in the air. John approaches Sherlock with studied nonchalance, trying to hide his awkwardness. “I suppose you ride, too.”
Sherlock is paralyzed. This is new. His past encounters, few and youthful and generally unpleasant, were about taking – him taking from someone or someone taking from him. Nobody
It’s immediately apparent that it contains, if not everything he needs to complete his task, then more than enough to get started. Bank details, of payments, of accounts and holdings that Moriarty had used to control his vast and convoluted network of paid spies and killers tasked with following his directives long after his demise. And the less-than-innocuous roster of a ship making port in Turkey in three days’ time.
“Are you still here?” Sherlock asks. “I told you I’ll look into it. Now run along. You’ll hear from us.”
Victor is taken aback. “John, that sounds incredibly dangerous. If it is really this woman you’ve mentioned, then she is clearly a professional. You don’t even know if she’ll be on the ship, much less if she actually has any idea what happened to Sherlock.”
Then John makes a sound that is halfway between a whimper and a moan into the soft skin of Sherlock’s throat and it is so
Sherlock studied him for a moment, eyes roving over every inch of his person, taking in each detail before he fired off a list in his clipped and rapid tone.
SHERLOCK. WHAT I DID YESTERDAY. THE PERSON THAT I WAS YESTERDAY. IT WASN'T OKAY. IT SCARED ME. I DON'T EVER WANT TO BE THAT PERSON AGAIN.
The last time they speak it is all lies, every word, and John cannot let himself think about it, can't believe he couldn't stop it, didn't know, couldn't sense it. And then it is over, has slipped away from him,  exactly as John had feared, only worse than he could have possibly imagined. There is nothing left to him, not even a man to take apart with his bare hands, not even vengeance.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock says, helplessly. “When you asked me to be best man you said the same thing.”
The rush of relief Sherlock feels at the physical assurance now of John's forgiveness, at having the small, solid form in his arms again, at the heat and smell and taste of John in his senses, is so strong it takes him by surprise, threatening his composure. He channels the wave of feelings into the physical, crushing John closer, tangling their legs and arms, ready to shred John's clothes off him with bare hands if necessary.
John finally arrives home mid-morning and collapses on the sofa. When he wakes, Mrs. Hudson brings him a hot meal, for which he is eternally grateful. Between the stun grenade and the fighting he’s quite sore, and feels a bit aimless without a case. He eats heartily and takes a long soak, which revives him, but he’s still not quite sure what to do with himself.
“What I can’t get over is how much she actually looks like you,”John whispers. “Are you quite certain you need to adopt her? You and Mary spent an awful lot of time together.”
John is in the room, typing on his laptop, and is probably distracted enough that Sherlock can risk moving. He gets up slowly and, being careful to limp a little, makes his way through what he hopes is the obstacle-free path to the bathroom. He reaches it without incident and splashes some cold water on his face. Now he has a dilemma.
"John, move away from me a bit," he says slowly, pushing him off. John does as he's told and Sherlock tries to focus.
“That’s a long span of time, John. But what’s relevant for you… He began experimenting with substances in his last year of University. And when I say ‘experimenting’ I mean he took every mind altering drug he could procure and made rigorous notes on exactly what they did in various doses and combinations, factoring in side effects and relative levels of risk. He eventually figured out that his seven percent solution of cocaine served to relieve the pain he felt when he did not have suitable distractions, and various combinations of opiates could calm his mind when it was working beyond his control. But you know this.”
"Go on, then. I've had at least as much practice as you. Who knows, one of us might even like it." She leans back in the chair and stretches out her bare legs. "Come now, Doctor. I've not hidden anything from you, at least not when it comes to Sherlock. You could do me the same courtesy. We might even find common ground. Is that so strange?"
Sherlock is unamused and slips into the crowd without a word. He works his way silently to the other side of the dance floor, carefully watching a much-decorated older man talking in a group near his brother. He goes over, introduces himself and speaks to the man briefly, emerging from the conversation with a smug smile. He glances back and spots John engaged in conversation with several women, one quite a bit older than him, all wearing off the shoulder dresses and laughing – laughing! – at something he is saying.
John closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. So here it was. He knew, in some way, that this conversation was inevitable, but he had hoped that it would never happen, that they could go on as they were, not discussing it and not admitting that there was anything to discuss. But Sherlock had clearly been worrying lately, and John knew he would not drop a subject until it was resolved to his satisfaction.
The man gives him a queer, reserved look. “Like I said, I stick to my own business. Which, right now, is figuring out what to do with you.”
The problem is figuring out which string to pull. Nearly every case of significance he’s worked in the past two years had Moriarty’s stench on it somewhere, but most of them couldn’t be used in the way he would need to in order to get to the heart of the matter. They were too insignificant or too temporary of a connexion or simply just designed to play with his head.
After a too-long pause, John opens the door. The list of people John hopes it is not is very long and includes almost the entirety of humankind. Victor Trevor is not on that list. In fact, he’s not on any list – John had forgotten about him.
He is far from fine but he’ll be damned if he’s going to let Sherlock continue after that maniac alone. He manages to scramble to his feet and retrieve his gun, forcing himself to take slow, normal steps and using all his willpower to keep the pain at bay.
”. I fucked the lady. Sherlock’s thin lips narrowed even further. He threw the phone to the sidewalk, and ground it into the pavement with his foot for good measure.
… than anything else I’d ever done, ever even thought of. I decided it was better to pursue forensics and detection than romantic entanglements.”
And it’s not just for Sherlock’s sake, either. Hearing this gorgeous man moaning his name softly, watching his muscles ripple under his ivory skin while John rides him like prize stallion – it’s intoxicating. Beads of sweat form on his back, shimmering like diamonds as he lays flat beneath John, held by his powerful thighs, and it’s as close to perfect as John can imagine. He lets himself forget his fear for the time being and loses himself in the moment, trying to remember every detail.
SO IS THIS THE ONLY THING YOU UNDERSTAND? he demands, plunging his tongue down Sherlock's throat. VIOLENCE AND SEX, IS THAT THE ONLY WAY I CAN GET THROUGH TO YOU? THE ONLY WAY I CAN MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND ANYTHING, THE ONLY WAY TO GET YOU TO CARE AT ALL?
“It went precisely as I expected. We made it half way to the dance floor before my father hauled me off by my collar and threatened to whip me if I tried anything like that again. The other boy played it off as a joke to his dad. Mummy had a long, concerned talk with me about appropriate social behaviour and how certain feelings weren’t meant to be acted on, and never made me go to a ball again. Two weeks later was the Carl Powers murder and even though I wasn’t able to solve it, the case was just so much more…
Aside from that moment of discomfort, the rest of the celebration goes smashingly. It’s rare he’s able to nab a killer and save the victim as well. Though of course John gets credit for the actual lifesaving portion. He’s pleased with how his composition for the Watsons’ first dance had turned out and the guests are suitably admiring of his skill. He’s even managed to charm Janine by, largely, being himself. Albeit a slightly more attentive and extroverted version. Her company is surprisingly tolerable, though he has other reasons to want to be in her good graces.
Sherlock grinned at him, turned up his collar, and was gone. John considered following him, but decided it would be a futile effort. Clearly Sherlock had a mission in mind. What had he shouted upon waking? John had been half asleep, but assumed it must have something to do with Moriarty. He only hoped Sherlock wasn’t going to do anything too foolish.
He makes it very nearly four weeks. Very nearly four weeks of cold showers, turning in early to avoid late night temptation, and studiously keeping at least one piece of furniture between them at all times. And then one afternoon, when Sherlock is sprawled gracefully on the sofa, deep inside his own head and miles away, unaware of how the sunlight is making his hair shine and his skin look even more like ivory than usual, John breaks.
“The only things I’m invested in are those tickets I bought to the New York Symphony that we didn’t get to use last night. That wasn’t exactly what I had envisioned for a date. Granted, Americans, nudity, and a riding crop were all part of the plan, but hardly in the combination that we ended up with.”
John is not possessed of a weak stomach but lying so low to the water even the smallest waves seem immense and they are hitting them on a diagonal that makes him feel greener with every off-kilter roil. Justin is talking and he tries to focus.
Still, John is relieved when Henry Knight’s case of the gigantic hound manages to grab Sherlock’s attention and take them to Dartmoor. He hopes the change of scenery will do them both good, although it doesn’t quite go as he had imagined.
“Right then. Well, ugly end to it but best to have this guy off the streets. Looks like this wasn’t the first girl he had a hand in kidnapping, but she was the first to get out of it alive. Get well soon, Dr. Watson.”
John can feel the lure of the puzzle begin to wind its way into his thoughts but he puts his foot down. “I’m not cancelling. Take some pictures, I’ll look at them in the morning.”
he shouldn’t do this, but he can’t help himself. He has do something. He is tall enough to prevent John from moving past him, at least not without a good shove.
In answer Sherlock puts his arms around John’s waist and draws John to him. John buries his face in Sherlock’s shoulder, holding on to him for dear life, hands digging into the fabric of his coat. John can smell his familiar scent, feel his warmth as Sherlock put his lips to John temple, nuzzling John’s hair and closing his eyes. John cannot totally stop the tears, but they come silently and are lost in Sherlock’s lapels.
John runs a hand through his hair. “I didn’t mean…” He sighs heavily, embarrassed now. “It wasn’t what it sounded like. It’s just that… what we are. What we have. It’s so… so very, very important. It’s… precious and…and intimate. Just the fact of it. I hate sharing it, sometimes. I don’t want to let too many people in on it. I want it to be for just us, as much as it can be. And when it comes to Ms. Adler… Well, I just have this to urge to protect it… protect us, from her. I don’t want her to see or know or think she knows. I want to keep us as small and safe and tucked away from her as I possibly can, so there’s one thing she can’t pollute.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “Well, I’ll see that it doesn’t happen again.” He leapt to his feet. “I’m going out – may be gone for some time, don’t wait up!”
Sherlock is halfway to the first floor in pursuit, careless now that’s he so close, when John notices something uneven about the next step in front of him. “Sherlock, stop!” he screams at the very instant the detective’s foot hits the step.
Sherlock puts down his violin and crosses the room faster than John would have thought humanly possible. Before he’s quite processed what’s happening, Sherlock has him up against the wall, holding John’s wrists above his head, corralling John’s hips with long legs, colonising John’s mouth with his tongue. John lets himself be overcome for a moment, pliant and accepting of Sherlock’s aggressive advances, soaking up his need and desire like a sponge that’s been dry too long.
“No. It started in the abattoir, when you first showed up on the killing floor. You were so bright, like your own solar system. I tried to tell you.”
For a moment, Sherlock had wished he had left something for John. He knew it was silly – John had been through enough, he didn’t need to have to bury Sherlock twice. But for his own vanity, Sherlock wished there had been a chance to say something more to him, when their last conversation had been mostly lies. But this was better, for both of them, he told himself. And he wasn’t done yet. He still might be able to return from the grave, go back to John and Mrs. Hudson and home.
She left him without another word, slipping away with an almost inhuman quietness. John returned his gaze to the headstone, trying to forget everything she had said. It was too much, too painful. He could live with grief, but not with hope.
John agrees, although Sherlock can tell that it costs him. He doesn't attempt to help guide Sherlock into the bedroom, although Sherlock can feel John hovering in case he should be in danger of running into something. Sherlock refuses to put his hands out and feel his way. He undresses, and then stands in the doorway facing where John should be. "Sleep with me," he says.
John sighed and Sherlock could see him weighing whether to engage in the conversation or continue his campaign of psychological torture. Finally he said, “I can’t believe you need to ask me that.”
Then, a bunch of things happen all at once. There is a loud flash and an invisible force slams into his whole body. Their captor drops her gun and falls to the floor. Sherlock grabs him and pushes him behind a pallet, then disappears in her direction.
When a very-much-alive Irene Adler herself steps out of the shadows before him, fury and relief surge so powerfully within him that they almost cancel each other out.
John hears the sound of pacing on linoleum and the tap of fingers against a thigh. "They checked his brain? That bump on the head --"
Sherlock cocks his head, uncomprehending, and she pulls down her polo-neck to reveal deep and livid finger marks.
John nods, figuring Sherlock will probably be out for at least eight hours after this, a vast improvement on the two to three he’s been getting. He shifts so his head rests on Sherlock’s shoulder and he is half laying on him, one leg thrown over Sherlock’s and one hand resting on his opposing hip.
“Not bad,” Sherlock says, appearing behind him without a sound. He looks John up and down, and straightens his collar. “Yes, yes this will do nicely.”
When he's done eating Victor stands and says. "I've got to do some work to do with the bees - time to split up the colony. I promised Susie and Cora a starter hive. Would you like to help me?"
, why don’t you listen to him the first time and save all of us the headache of you jailing an innocent man while a murderer, apparently a very clever murderer who you might just need Sherlock to track down, goes free!”
Sorry for the delay, I know this took ages! Thank you all for your patience and for those of you who contacted me to make sure I was okay. It's just been really busy at work and I had family visiting, which really puts a crimp on the homoerotic fanfic writing. Hopefully I'll be back to a more regular schedule of posting soon. Thanks for hanging in there with me! =)
“The calluses are a centimetre too low, but have been there a long time. He’s holding his clubs wrong, either resulting in him being poor at the game or because he can’t be bothered to learn the right way, after all these years. Either way, he’s not likely to be having much fun at it. Continue, please.”
Sherlock breaks off in mid-sentence when John opens the door. “What took you so long? It’s been ages! Never mind, sit down. It was the coffee!”
His feelings for Sherlock weren’t…he swallowed…sexual. At least he didn’t think so. But he couldn’t honestly call them platonic either. He didn’t lust after Sherlock’s body in the way he imagined a lover would, but he was also
On New Year’s Eve, Sherlock is still playing, still not eating, and John has realised he is about to hurtle past the breaking point if he doesn’t get out. There’s no one he can really talk to about these things – neither of them discuss their relationship with others - but he accepts an invitation from an old acquaintance, because if nothing else at least at a party he can at least get massively pissed without having to think about Sherlock.
on you. I have called in elite trained, MI-6 forces, in numbers ten times what you could possibly have guarding this building. They have been alerted to all the places you could possibly have hidden snipers in and around the theatre, and those men are probably already dead.”
The same pattern continued for the next three days. Moran would have Sherlock brought to him. They would talk, Moran trying to act like a reasonable, magnanimous criminal mastermind at the start. Sherlock would enrage him by reading him like a book, reciting everything shameful and hidden fact that he could deduce about the other man – from childhood fears to sexual preferences – and Moran would drop the pretense and try to extract the information from Sherlock by force.
“She’s you? No she’s not!” John exclaims. “You couldn’t be more unlike. Well, except that you both are a bit heartless and possess a strange amorality that few people share.”
But, Sherlock now realised, he wouldn’t have been able to resist leaving something behind. A hint, a last gloating message. Something Sherlock could use to find him, intentionally or not. That was his weakness – he couldn’t resist boasting, toying with people, with Sherlock particularly. He wanted Sherlock to
There is a long pause. At last John says, "No. No, I don't suppose that would help. Your bedroom is the same, I didn't touch anything." He turns his back on Sherlock and goes upstairs to his room without a word, leaving Sherlock standing in the sitting room, desolate.
John hangs his head, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “There were other ways, there had to have been. What I did… that can’t have been the only solution.”
“I am well, I’m better than well, I’m fantastic! Why are we holding hands? Why am I wearing your trousers?” Sherlock looked down, confused. “Is there something we need to talk about?”
Sherlock hesitates, partly out of reluctance to tell him and partly from the sheer inability to locate the words.  Finally they tumble out without consulting his consciousness. "If we don't find a way to dissolve the coating you will remain in your... paranoid hallucinatory state until your body is unable to sustain it and you will..."
John’s arms are tight around his waist, and Sherlock thinks he could stay like this forever, if that’s what John wants from him, even as he feels heat growing between his legs and begins to ache with it. He stays perfectly still, waiting for John to show him what he wants.
He has a fine view too when, later in the afternoon, Victor strides purposefully into the garden clutching a glass of cold ginger beer like a shield. He offers to it Justin, who is still working on the rose trellis and sweating from the sun and the labour. Like watching a silent movie, Sherlock sees Victor's trembling hand brush Justin's as he hands him the drink, so brief it might have been an accident, and Justin look surprised, then thoughtful, then pleased. He motions for Victor to come sit in the shade with him.
“Mrs. Hudson, again, so sorry! What Sherlock means to say is that we really appreciate all the things you do for us and we will be very, very careful in the future to not um… impose our personal life upon you by accident. And to say sorry.
“Quite right.” Sherlock smiled. “Well, that’s it for today. What say we go for Sunday lunch? I’m famished! And then – we have rather a backlog of applications for casework, if I’m not mistaken.”
Sherlock re-composed himself and backed Moriarty closer towards the base of the trap door. His voice was steel. “I was saying that in, by my estimate, under a minute very strong men with very large guns will be coming. They will take you away, to a dark place where no one will ever, ever find you. They may even torture you, although of course that would be completely unofficial, since the British government doesn’t go in for that sort of thing. No one will even know to ask where you are, and I am guessing no one would care to.”
John tsk-tsks at him and approaches the counter, where their wan, rather ungainly target has been listening to the conversation.
“Alright now, let’s just take it easy,” the man said, waving his gun at Sherlock. “I’m going to come over there and put those cuffs back on you, and you’re gonna stay still while I do it, okay?”
John does not move out. John does not try to have a serious conversation with him about his feelings. John, mercifully, tries his hardest to act like absolutely nothing out of the ordinary has happened between them. Of course he is not entirely successful, as nothing is more awkward than someone trying to pretend that they don’t feel awkward at all, but Sherlock is grateful.
He pushes that thought away. Even if he can ever forgive Sherlock for putting him through actual hell for the past two years, and even if he is capable of opening himself up again like that, body and soul and heart, there's more to think about now. It was one thing to throw himself into Sherlock Holmes' orbit without restraint when he was friendless, homeless, aimless. When he had nothing to lose and everything to gain, not truly understanding what he was binding himself to until it was far too late to want to escape.
Sherlock nods, shaking it off. True or not, it doesn't matter right now. He has to go on. He'd thought it was Moriarty, but now he knows it was really only ever him. He's left himself, left them all, no choice. And that realization is the hardest moment of all.
“So, what do we know to start? The victim was single, lots of friends and no known enemies. String of short term lovers, but nothing serious and lived alone. Footprints up the back walk show a man with very large feet in boots, wellies. They were muddy but no prints inside the house, which means he took them off. No sign of forced entry but a friend says she left the garden door unlocked often.”
Victor, although he joins John for meals, seems to be keeping a polite distance. John’s not sure if it’s because he doesn’t want to disturb him or if spending time with John is too painful a reminder of Sherlock. Or perhaps John still presents too much of a temptation in his grief.
Sherlock pretends to contemplate his phrasing. “Let’s just say I owe her for a bad business deal and if I find her she won’t trouble you again. Where is she?”
His mind focused suddenly, with laser-like precision on a small piece of paper. Of course! How could he have been so blind? The answer had been staring him in the face for days, and he had ignored it, obstinately, time and time again. He groped blindly for consciousness, struggling through layers of exhaustion and chemicals, searching for a signpost that would help him get back to the world. His tether – a warm hand in his, anchoring a body that felt so far away. He went towards it.
The trial is arranged with startling speed, even given the high profile nature of the case and the magnitude of the evidence against Moriarty. It is only a few weeks before Sherlock is on his way to court to testify, only a couple more days before Moriarty is free again.
Mycroft waves a hand with his usual air of condescension, "Of course I do. It's a fool's errand, you're playing right into Moriarty's posthumous hand. You should have let me handle this from the beginning, and now you're in an impossible position. Haring off after the remains of his empire isn't likely to improve things and is, in fact, very likely to get you killed properly this time. But it's far too late for me to do anything about it - you've been
Sarah buzzed John in and then threw her arms around him when he walked through the door. He hugged her back tightly. She was soft and smelled of soap and green apple shampoo.
"Ah, Mycroft Holmes. Now he is absolutely no fun at all, no wonder you can't stand each other. Still, he gave me quite a lot of useful information during my interrogation. Almost worth the terrible housing conditions and light torture."
John is first shocked at his venom, then furious. “Where do you get off? This is just one date, what the hell is your problem? Did you actually think I was never going to see anyone ever again? That I’d spend the rest of my life following you around and never having relationships or a career or anything but solving crimes and blogging? A desire for a balanced existence doesn’t mean I’m going to run off and desert you tomorrow, you massive prat! Though if you keep acting like this every time I show an interest in anything else, I just might!”
Then he goes back into Sherlock’s room and manages to get him off the floor and into his bed. John cleans and tends Sherlock’s wounds as well, disposes of the remaining drugs and paraphernalia, and climbs into the big bed next to him, reluctant to leave him on his own. Throughout it all, Sherlock barely stirs.
“And then what happened?” Sherlock’s bass cuts through his reverie and John realises how very far away he’d been, that he’s clutching the fabric of the sofa too tightly, that his elbow is digging hard into Sherlock’s side and that every muscle in his body is contracted.
It works, just the tiniest bit. If he pours every last ounce of his focus into his eyes he can make himself see something. Flashes. The edge of a coat, a beam of light, a railing, a pillar, a neon sign. A mosaic of random impressions for just a few fleeting seconds, it's such a relief but it takes everything he's got and it hurts inside his mind and--
John waits for long enough that when a vehicle finally does come into view, it’s almost a surprise. He tenses in a crouch as they approach his position. Sure enough, after only slight hesitation, the gate swings open. John darts through immediately behind them and then circles wide, out of the lights of the drive and the lorry, sprinting to the next gate and making it there before the lorry does, though not without a fair amount of laboured breathing.
A man in his fifties lies dead on the floor, his brains blown against the wall, presumably by the gun that has fallen next to him. A little girl is against the opposite wall, strangled, but with clear hand marks around her throat instead of the now-familiar diamond pattern of the other victims. She is flecked with her killer’s blood.
“And as if the light fraud and bonkers version of a proposal weren’t enough,” John continues, “you just casually throw out there that you’ll be adopting my daughter as part of the deal. Any other momentous, life changing decisions you’d like to make without my knowledge or consent while you’re at it? Are we moving to Fiji? Will you be transplanting one of my kidneys later while I’m asleep?”
John smiles at the sound. "Now," he says, stretching luxuriantly. "Before the baby wakes up and you discover
John looked unabashed. “I owed him that," he said grimly. "At least. I don’t like letting him go. I’m not one to actually kill someone in cold blood, but after what he’s done to you… He’s too dangerous!”
Sherlock! John was certain of it. And he had been alive and well as of two weeks ago. “Did he leave you a name or way to contact him?”
Sherlock digs in his pocket for a crumpled invitation, embossed on expensive stationary. “ ‘Mister Sherlock Holmes & Doctor John Watson are cordially invited…’ ” John reads. “Christ. He’ll be hyphenating our last names next.”
“Like,” replies Sherlock grimly, “the fact that Mrs. Hudson thinks our flat would be the perfect location in which to host a Christmas party.”
John did not find this reassuring, but couldn’t think of a course of action other than to wait. He made a pot of tea.
Lestrade made a noise of frustration. “All right, have it your way,” he said, sending the documents to the printer and getting up.
Sherlock submitted to all this almost meekly, pleased that John seemed to reacting as he had anticipated and confident that after a week or so of dutiful penance on his part they would be back to their usual pattern with few long term effects. Six months was a long time, true, but not so very long. John had clearly not moved on from their life together, and that had been the area of main concern for Sherlock. There was still a space for Sherlock in John’s existence, and it should be simple enough to resume it, provided he seemed appropriately apologetic.
Sherlock is silent for a long moment. “So… it’s something originating from me and then coming back out of you as light, so I can see things I couldn’t before?”
IT'S TWO AM, SHERLOCK. WE CAN'T JUST SPONTANEOUSLY POP IN FOR A QUICK ONE. NO ONE WHO CAN HELP US WILL BE THERE. I'LL SEND A MESSAGE TO MOLLY AND CAROLINE AND WE'LL SET SOMETHING UP FOR FIRST THING IN THE MORNING. OK?
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Of course it’s true. Mycroft’s lies are much more inventive than that. I was on a course to be sectioned or dead within six months. A year, maximum.”
“The footprints, John!” Sherlock exclaims, frustrated, and rips aside the shower curtain to look John in the face.
John closed his eyes. He remembered the months after Ms. Adler’s first “death”. Months in which Sherlock had barely eaten, barely spoken – done nothing but play the violin constantly and worked. Months in which he had been lost to John, even when they were in the same room. “I’m not in the mood for games, Ms. Adler.”
John is safe. The reactions range from pulling John away for something urgent, with a venomous glare, for minor infractions, to completely eviscerating her self-esteem publicly, using basic facts deduced from her person, for the high crime of attempting to slip John her phone number.
“It means something. Moriarty doesn’t say anything without a reason. But what does he mean by my heart?”
Sherlock frowns deeply. “Are you still ill? I know the drug took some time to wear off. Just you’ve been… flickery. And when I touch you, it’s like a hurricane lamp in the storm – flaring and nearly going out. I thought perhaps something I’d said or done when I was… not well…?”
“Now, there will be workers and probably at least one upper-level management type overseeing the shipment. The first step of our thieves will be to get inside and disable them, so they have control of the warehouse. Entrance to the loading area is controlled by a complex electronic security system that requires the lorries entering the compound and pulling up to the platforms to emit exactly the right code on the right frequency via a small device on their undercarriage. It’s possible they will have stolen a lorry, but more likely that they are using their own lorry and have stolen one of the tracking devices.”
