Dean shakes his head. “Nothing.”
"No.”
Dean sighs heavily. "It’s safe to come in," he shouts back.
"Anything else I can do to help?" Sam asks, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s inner conflict.
“Of all my… many regrets… betraying you is the first thing I would change, if I had the chance.”
Isn't everything perfect? :) Aren't Dean and Cas so happy? :)
Cas gently rests a hand on Dean’s head, and Dean hums, sending reverberations shivering through Cas’ body. And Dean is beautiful like this.
Cas smiles. That morning, he wouldn’t have needed the reassurance, Cas would have taken it for an obvious fact. Now, however, Sam’s support is welcome.
“Okay, losers," Claire says as she steps into the library carrying a tray piled high with Rice Krispie squares. "Come get your suburban dessert.”
“I’m not getting out of here without you,” Dean says, and he’s not sure whether it’s a threat or a promise, but it’s the truth. His voice is shaking, but he doesn’t care.
to friendship.”
Dean stands in the middle of his room and takes his clothes off. It’s not a strip tease, but it is a performance, a demonstration of what’s on offer. Dean watches Cas the entire time, tracking the emotions that play across his face. There’s that clinical fascination that makes Dean shudder; that objectifying adoration, drinking in every inch of bare skin skin as it’s revealed. There’s a deep, unyielding affection, and that’s the thing that Dean latches onto and focuses on.
The old lady walked by, fixing him with a scandalized glare. Dean waved at her with a tight smile.
“Well. You’re here now.”
"I missed you," Claire says. She turns to him, suddenly and briefly open, like a shooting star. Her eyes glitter with tears.
for Dean, but it made them easier.
Cas clenches and unclenches a fist on the table top.
Anna folds her arms. “Well I didn’t know that by ‘help Jack’, you meant ‘babysit the new god!’”
freak out," Cas reminds him with a gentle smile.
Cas murmurs, “Yes, oh yes…” into Dean’s lips, against his jaw, his neck.
“You look gorgeous, Dean,” Maureen said, and Dean let her voice wash over him, drowning out everything else. She sounded warm and velvety, her tone rising with a note of urgency as she approached climax. “You look so good. I’m so close,
There’s a sudden chill of tension between the angels, despite the warmth of the sun beating down.
“She’s a phenomenal artist, Dean.”
“Bull’s eye,” he smiled with his lips by her ear.
“Sorry,” Cas said.
Castiel hears something and stops in his tracks. He waits, listens. Nothing.
“Yeah!” Dean exclaimed, pulse pounding along with the music, because Cas was
Cas brightened at the suggestion. “I’d like that.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth quirks up, and he nods. “Okay.”
Dean rewards him with a kiss, a rough press of lips. He takes Cas’ cock in his hand, and strokes it slow and lazy. Cas whimpers at the touch.
“I think maybe I’m just not very good with children,” Inias says, standing a few paces away.
"Claire’s in Nebraska with Kaia right now, isn’t she?" Sam says. "We could invite them too. Maybe even see if Jody’s up for the drive."
“Oh!” Dean sat back, “He’s literary!”
Cas waits.
“Wake me when we stop for food,” Dean said.
“You know, now that I’m back in Heaven, it turns out I’m a pretty respected guy,” Gabriel gives an exaggerated shrug. “Angels come to me, they ask my opinion. So I give it to them.”
There’s a glassy look in Cas’ eye as he stares past a spot on the wall, and his voice dips quiet. “What
“Maybe it’s better between me and Dean because we’re in love and you weren’t,” Cas says, with a proud tilt to his chin.
"Especially if I spend some time talking to them," Jack continues. "I asked Indra why he wasn’t building heavens, and he said he didn’t see the point, so I took him to the kindergarten, and showed him how much happier the kids were than even in their best memories. And I think it worked!"
He tugs on Cas’ sleeve, and is rewarded with a careful smile as Cas sits down again.
Cas smiles. “I think you will be.”
Time has stopped, so it’s impossible to say how long they hold each other.
Dean was in a hurry to get a drink, so Sam, Dean and Cas stopped at the first bar they came across. It was surprisingly upscale, with textured wallpaper and custom light fixtures, serving men in ties putting off when they’d have to go home after work, and women sipping drinks out of martini glasses. But, the bar had cold beer on tap, and pool tables in the back, so Dean settled in for the night. It wasn’t long before he challenged Cas to a game of pool. Just like he normally would.
“Okay,” Sam sighed, and racked up the game.
He thinks about
Cas furrows his brow in surprise.
Cas’ fists were balled at his sides as he continued, “And I
“I used to think that it was because I carried you out of the pit, reclaimed your atoms from the soil, pieced you back together and with my grace kindled the spark of life to resurrect you. For a moment I thought I understood how God felt when he created humankind. I used to believe that it was the glow of pleasure at bringing life that I felt during our interactions.
“It’s deceptive,” Castiel replies. He casts his gaze about suspiciously, feeling an ancient magic pressing at the edges of his being.
The next moment, Dean is back in the cave where he and Cas spent the previous night. The one that’s still covered in warding sigils, and that he and Cas have spent all day walking away from.
Distantly, Cas can hear the door to the bunker open, and footsteps on the stairs. He briefly considers telling Dean that Sam and Eileen are home, but then he decides that what Dean’s doing to his neck is far more important.
Cas’ eyes are shining with tears and cresting power.
Cas thinks, after that day, he isn’t sure that’s true. There are parts of Dean that he still keeps shut away. Cas immediately hates himself for the thought.
Cas is curious, but he’s sure that the combination of flavours won’t do anything for him. Instead of accepting Dean’s offer, he reaches across the table, swipes his finger through the pool of syrup on Dean’s plate, and brings it to his mouth. The sugar hits his tongue, and he can
Cas frowns at his sweater.
“Look around,” Naomi insists. “Your Heaven is a new tower of Babel: haphazard, half-built, and divided. The survivors are demoralized. The grafts are hopeless. The archangels don’t seem to care what happens. And your old garrison…” She scoffs. “Well, you have a few loyalists,” she admits, with a glance towards Anna. “But most of them either hate you, or fear you, or both.”
“Dean.” Sam placed a hand on his brother’s shoulder and spoke slowly. “That’s
Dean let out a low moan that harmonized with Cas’ blissful sigh. The sensation of Cas inside him was so much more than what Dean had been prepared for. All that existed was the feeling of being filled, filled beyond what he was capable of, and then beyond that. A fever flooded his body, sweat prickling as it beaded on his skin. He felt like he was dying. He felt impossible.
The pleased look on Cas’ face when he nodded made Dean think that maybe Sam had a point after all.
Cas glares at Gabriel, his frustration shifting into wariness.
Dean’s lips twitch in a weak attempt at a smile of thanks. He steps back, clears his throat, and dials.
And when Cas betrayed her, she didn't look as afraid as she does now.
“Come on,” Dean repeats, a husky tone in his voice. “Don’t let that stop you.”
He wakes up a couple of hours later. Castiel is seated on the floor a few feet away from him, staring out the open doorway. As Dean watches, Cas’ eyelids droop, his head nods, then jerks back up.
They found Sam leaning against the Impala, arms crossed, tapping his foot impatiently.
Wendy craned her neck over her shoulder to kiss Dean as he slipped out of her. But then Dean drew back, and Wendy focused all of her attention on Cas. She ground against him, breathing heavily with fire in her eyes. But as soon as Dean had moved across the bed, Cas reared up. He held Wendy tight against him, and tipped her onto her back. She moaned long and loud as Cas threw her legs over his shoulders, and fucked her deep, his muscles taut and straining. Her mouth fell open in a perfect
Eileen sets down her slice, and signs with a teasing glint in her eye,
“Just ignore them,” Cas says.
“I bet he’s good with his hands too,” she said.
Cas notices Sam tense and cast a wary glance at Dean.
Cas watches Dean shake his head regretfully.
“Well, it’s not made of gingerbread,” Dean says when they’re standing by the front door again. “Wha’d'ya say?” He turns to Cas.
"What is it?" Sam asks. He bends over her shoulder, a hand on her waist, to look.
Dean sidles through the door, all sly smile and bedroom eyes. “What, I can’t drop in on my best friend?”
“Fine,” Rachel says curtly.
It’s at times like these that Dean misses sleeping in the Impala, stretched out on the bench seat, Sam snoring in the back. Well, he’s always missing the Impala, and Sam, but
“And I want you,” Dean says with conviction.
Dean wonders. He feels a churning in his stomach, and blood rushing to his cheeks. They’ll probably have to talk about it. Whether he wants to or not, Dean owes it to Cas to give him a reply, he thinks. He realizes he has no idea what to say. Everything about those final moments, with Billie pounding on the door and tears shining in Cas’ eyes, is still too big and too much for Dean to get his head around.
Under normal circumstances, Dean would probably repress; and it’s clear that that’s what Cas intends to do. But these circumstances are far from normal. Besides, like Dean said, he loves the guy (just in what way, he’s not gonna examine), and he’s not about to let Cas hate himself in peace.
He whispers hoarsly in Cas’ ear, “Castiel, I want you to fuck me.”
Cas propped himself up on his elbows, eyes fixed on Dean’s lips. “Make me,” he said.
Dean has a small moment of panic when he realizes that Cas isn’t besides him anymore. He isn’t much calmed when he whirls around and sees his friend standing as if frozen in front of the yellowed cottage.
Castiel’s gaze takes in all of Dean. His shallow breaths, his quickly fading smile, the manic gleam in his eyes. He’s certain that, yes, it is fear.  He raises a hand to caress Dean’s cheek, to soothe him, and Dean blinks. Like he wants to flinch away from the touch. From the gentleness of it.
Cas feels oddly blank. He knows that Claire and Dean are so similar, and they have their problems, and he loves them both, but sometimes he wishes Dean would just let things be simple.
Cas smiled weakly, and turned back to the TV.
Cas stood in the middle of the floor.
“There’s a lot of chemicals in there,” he says.
He looks to Dean excitedly.
“But you’re his father.”
“Hey!” Dean barks, startling Cas. Dean gets to his feet, strides over to the angel, and jerks his head towards the corner, indicating that they should switch places. He watches Cas slump off to the spot where he’d just been resting and collapse back down again, never meeting Dean’s eyes. Cas curls up, knees to his chin, coat wrapped around him, and Dean is struck with the image of a bird sheltering itself with its wings.
Cas spends some time staring at the contents of Dean’s closet. There are a number of suit jackets that Dean has accumulated over the years, but those are apparently too formal to wear. There’s a veritable rainbow of plaid button-downs, but Cas doesn’t think those are any nicer than his t-shirt. Finally, he finds a cream-coloured cable-knit sweater tucked away at the back of the closet. It’s soft and heavy. Cas puts it on.
Cas’ eyes are a fraction too wide to call his expression blank. Dean connects the look in his eyes with something he felt last night--fear, and shame. There’s no evidence of that roiling, alien desire. Dean just sees his friend, his friend who’s clearly sliding into a pit of self-loathing. He hates it.
“He does,” Cas said matter-of-factly.
“Wait,” Cas says, standing up.
Dean groaned at her words, basking in them.
Dean feels a hand on his back, a hand in his hair, Castiel pressing closer, and the heat from the fire on his side. Castiel kisses him, maybe for minutes, maybe hours, Dean doesn’t stop to think.
When Dean is naked, he stands in front of Cas, twirls his tie around his fingers, and pulls him to his feet. Cas reaches out to touch him, but Dean stops him with half a step backwards and a shake of his head. He moves back in when Cas’ hands hang still at his sides.
From the face around the table, it seems that Cas isn't the only one who heard her.
“You’ve done a good job,” Castiel says. “They seem happy.”
Dean makes a choked-off sound of surprise. Cas tastes sugar, acid, ethylene; and the salt of Dean's skin. He moves from finger to finger, sucking them clean; Dean watches with wide eyes and parted lips.
Sam rolled his eyes and primly took a bite out of his greens.
"There was also more keeping us apart than what either you or I wanted," Cas points out.
“My friend, uh… he just got out of a pretty bad relationship,” Dean said with practiced sincerity. “Kind of a messed-up situation really. So he’s kinda rusty. And I was wondering…” He reached out to tuck her hair behind her ear, then let his fingers trail down her neck, to trace her collar bone. His voice dipped low and seductive. “... if you focus on making it good for him, I’ll focus on making it
John strides through the door, and Mary looks up bright-eyed to greet him. Dean hops down from his chair and runs to wrap his paint-covered arms around his father’s legs.
good stuff, Cas. You’re gonna love this,” Dean said, as “Thunder Road” began to play.
His eyes landed on a cassette tape cover that looked like a postcard from New Jersey. Dean grinned. A ten-hour drive to Chicago would be the perfect time to introduce Cas to The Boss.
it like?”
And Cas never quite understood public displays of affection before. It wasn’t something he could say he ever wanted. But he gets it now.
Starting with one hand on each ankle, Dean slides his hands up Cas’ muscled calves and thighs. He rises to his feet, and his hands move up Cas’ toned chest. His arms circle Cas’ neck, as Dean straddles his lap. Cas whimpers, but keeps his hands at his sides. Dean brings his lips up to Cas’ ear, nips at his earlobe.
“Oh,” Dean frowned in confusion.
Sam bounces on the balls of his feet. "Yeah! So, Eileen and I were going to head to Smith Centre, I’m gonna show her around, and we’ll grab a bite."
“It wasn’t until Donna got back from her date,” Jody says, struggling to keep a straight face, “that I noticed--she still had a werewolf claw stuck in her hair!”
Jack nods. “I will.” He hesitates a moment, and then asks, “Can I hug you?”
Dean shifted uncomfortably. He didn’t want to hear the story, but this was the first time that Cas was telling Dean about something that happened to him, about his life as an angel, and not just some amusing anecdote about amazon dolphins. So Dean tamped down on his anxiety and gave the story a chance.
“Jack has the power, but you call the shots,” Naomi replies smoothly. “Everyone knows that.”
Cas thinks Inias is being a bit hard on himself. Around the lawn, children jump rope, toss rubber balls, and run around with action figures, making them fly through the air. Some of the kids are arguing over toys, or what game to play, or how to properly play it, or who they want to play with. A few of them are crying, overwhelmed by the amount of activity around them and the sheer choice of toys. But many of the kids are perfectly content.
Cas leans forward to kiss Dean, unable to stand the tension between them. Dean holds him back with a hand on his chest.
“Claire’s family,” Cas argues simply.
In the empty field next to the bunker, Dean let Miracle off-leash, and watched him bolt towards the copse of trees that separated the field from the next property. It was late morning and the summer sun was high in the sky; cicadas buzzed in the trees, and the field was scattered with bright flowers. It was warm enough to make Dean feel lazy, but not enough for him to break a sweat as he ambled towards the spot at the tree line where Miracle was wrestling with a fallen branch. Everything about the day was perfect, and Dean let himself soak it up.
She inched closer to him, resting a hand on his bicep, before asking in a low voice, “Bring your friend?”
“Sorry about that,” Sam said as he returned. He slid into the booth next to Dean. “Garth’s on a case in Colorado, had an issue with some park rangers. What’d I miss?”
Eileen has a thoughtful look, choosing her words carefully.
He looks back at Cas, who’s listing dangerously towards one side. He slips a little further-
When Dean was dying, he had been relieved that he wouldn’t have to make the effort to hold on anymore.
Cas pulls off with a frustrated growl. “You’re doing this
“Nice to see you Eileen,” Dean says as Cas moves past her through the door. When Eileen doesn’t follow, Cas goes back and guides her away from the kitchen with a hand on her elbow.
He’d had the idea that he could segue from comedies back to Westerns with
“What?”
“‘Cause it’s manipulating my life,” Dean answered without looking up from his book. “And I want it to stop.”
“I understand if you don’t want to tell me,” Sam continues. “It’s just… Dean didn’t say much. And it can be hard to know what’s going on with him sometimes.”
When Chuck was defeated, left crawling in the dust, that didn’t feel like a win for Dean. Seeing his phone light up with notifications from Jody and the girls, Charlie, Bobby, Garth, as they all materialized back into the world, that didn’t quite feel like a win either, though Dean did his best to act like it was.
Castiel doesn’t offer further explanation, his expression worried and introspective.
“Are you?” Cas asks, sincere.
in having sex with random women I meet in bars.
There’s a familiar sting to Anna’s words. That reminds him of asking,
Kevin raised his eyebrows. Sam snickered fondly.
“Cas, go ahead. And take your time.”
"Maybe a little harsh there,” Dean mutters, with a glance towards his sleeping friend.
Dean had felt bad for leaving the kid alone in the bunker with Crowley during the werewolf hunt. Not that he said as much, but he hoped that the homemade waffles made up for it, at least a little. Kevin didn’t seem to be making the connection, but everyone was enjoying the food as they sat around the kitchen table, and that was something.
Claire snorts. “Since when did you become such a good little wifey, Dean?”
Cas lets Dean lead him down the hall, like he did that first time. He feels a floating kind of happiness, imagining how many nights he and Dean have ahead of them, of one leading the other to bed.
Dean shakes his head. He hates how reasonable Cas sounds, and doesn’t look at him.
“Nothing,” he says, as he pulls on his clothes. “I just think you could stand to take off your coat and relax a bit.”
the chance to
"Come on pal, let's go bring home some bacon." Dean ticks his head vaguely in the direction of the garage.
“She’s gonna get herself off while watching us… y’know.” Dean gestured towards the bed.
"Claire!" Kaia exclaims.
, and Dean thinks he could get high off of it. There’s too many thoughts in his head, and none at all. He’s still grappling with the one fact that, by rights, should come as second nature to him by now:
“So, what’d I miss?” he asks as he sits down. Cas can see that his hair is still damp from splashing water on his face, and his eyes are oddly bright.
Then it was over. The room was filled with the sound of heavy breathing from three sets of lungs. Cas slipped away from Dean, and Dean felt empty, and suddenly cold. His muscles felt like jelly, so he lay on the bed to catch his breath.
But Cas had already responded, “Yes,” without hesitation.
When they fight side-by-side, Dean tends to get too close to Sam, as if his brother has the reach of someone several inches shorter. One time, Sam clips Dean’s shoulder with a knife, and Dean doesn’t tell him how guilty he feels about it.
“Dean?” Sam looked at him askance. “Are you... singing along to Lady Gaga?”
“You could use
“And why is that, Anna?” Naomi asks.
“No, really, look at them!” she insists, and wanders over to join Jack amongst the soldiers.
With an uncharacteristic caution in his step, Uriel joins Anna and Jack.
“Wait,” Dean stops him with a hand on his shoulder.
Cas smiled. “Yeah, that might cheer me up.”
Dean doesn’t want to let go. He knows what comes next. But he asks anyways, “Will I remember this? After I've moved on?”
“Don’t watch
Cas’ eyes were bright when they met Dean’s. “It’s good.”
Dean’s chosen method of dealing with his discomfort seems to be pestering Cas to order food. Not that Cas minds. It’s not as good as when Dean cooks for him, but sharing a meal is still a sign of community, of acceptance. So Cas orders some cheesy bread sticks.
Even if he’d never become an encyclopedia of pop culture, Cas has heard Dean use the word “Stepford” enough to know that it's nothing good.
Note: I do believe that spn is heavily influenced by the Jewish understanding of faith. And this fic is titled after a Leonard Cohen lyric. But I’m familiar with Catholicism, so this is what happens. In my defence, the use of Catholic stuff is for entirely horny, and not theological, purposes.
It gradually fades, and Claire takes another draw on the cigarette. She breathes the smoke out slowly, eyes following the loops and swirls. When the last of the smoke drifts away she looks down, studying the embers of tobacco burning between her fingers.
Past the buzzing in his head, past the winding anxiety in his chest, Dean felt a warmth pool at his core, spreading out and flooding everything else. He felt like maybe all his sharp edges didn’t exist to cause pain, maybe they just needed the right place to fit, and he had just found it.
He imagines being alone, knowing that Cas could’ve been with him.
“I know about sex, Cas,” Jack says matter-of-factly.
Dean. From high above, helplessly splayed on the bed. From up close, sweat running over his flushed cheeks, eyebrows pinched in concentration. He sees Dean with
Cas might’ve been a rebel, but he did a good job following Maureen’s instructions. He took one of the pillows, put it under Dean’s hips, and pulled off Dean’s boxer briefs. He worked his way slowly down Dean’s torso, driving him crazy, spending time on his shoulders, his nipples, the soft patch under his belly button. His breath ghosted across Dean’s cock, and then he felt his mouth on his inner thigh, trailing down to his knee. Dean whimpered.
Maureen eased away from him, and moved over to Cas. Dean watched her, touching him, praising him. He watched her fingers trail across his jaw, watched the way Cas’ eyelashes cast shadows over his cheeks when he dipped his head to kiss her. Dean watched her whisper in his ear, and Cas’ eyes grow wide, saw him nod minutely. Dean swallowed.
“You’re cute.” She curled a hand around the back of his neck and pulled him into a kiss.
“Man, it’s been years, and I didn’t even think…” Sam is still talking. “And then, you tell Dean you love him, and that’s the thing that kills you. You loving Dean is what killed you. Fuck. No wonder… You know he told Chuck that me and him would kill each other if Chuck unsnapped everyone? Chuck didn’t go for it, obviously, but the way Dean offered… I think it would’ve been a deal-breaker anyways if Chuck couldn’t bring you back. I think that’s all he really wanted.”
Dean held out his hand towards Kevin. The young prophet stared at him incredulously, before rolling his eyes, picking up the quarter from where it had landed on the floor, and tossing it back to Dean.
“‘Off’ how?”
Dean was distantly aware that Kevin shoved himself away from the table with a grunt of frustration. But Kevin wasn’t his focus at the moment.
Dean latches his legs around Cas’ hips, unthinking and eager. Cas stares at him, unblinking, as he presses in. Dean closes his eyes, and lets himself feel.
Cas and Anna go to the board room, the white walls soothingly blank after the activity of the picnic. Anna sits at one end, feet propped up on the table, leaning back in her chair, idly tossing a frisbee in the air and catching it between her palms. Cas sits next to her, comfortably slouched against the table.
The first week in the bunker had been rough on Cas. After his initial relief at finally being safe and back amongst friends wore off, Dean noticed him getting snippy and bad tempered over the smallest things. Cursing under his breath at Kevin when all the kid had done was pass Cas a book that happened to give him a paper cut. Glaring at Sam when Sam suggested that the constant headaches he was experiencing were probably because he was forgetting to drink water.
Dean dragged his gaze up from her cleavage, and smiled. “That sounds like my kind of party.”
"It’ll keep," Sam shrugs. "We were wondering if you guys wanna join us?"
“I do know, Cas.”
Dean licks his lips, and grins. He shrugs the robe off his shoulders, revealing his chest. But he keeps it closed around his waist.
“What? Why?”
that Dean is there with him.
“Sam asked me to tell you that he’s gone to visit Eileen for a few days,” Cas says with note of formality.
It’s then that Dean notices nearly a dozen sets of glowing eyes staring out at them from the trees.
Cas sighs, resigned to the mystery of Dean’s moods. “Let’s not keep them waiting,” Cas says, and walks past Dean towards the hallway.
Cas took the wheel for the last leg of the drive back to the bunker. He popped
“But can you blame me for being surprised?” Sam continues
Castiel's wings flare, he floats close enough to feel an icy burn on his feathers.
“Why would I?” Anna answers. She watches her father set her two-year-old self back on her feet. He hovers over the girl as she runs in dizzy circles. “They’re happy as they are. Building a fancier stage won’t change the fact that this is all just a shadow play.”
She blinks, brought up short by his sincerity.
Cas watches John and Mary sway together, Dean laughing in their arms. A little family, happy and whole.
“Pssh,” Gabriel waves a hand dismissively. “Why would I do that? Jack’s a great kid. Wish him all the best.”
She tosses the cigarette butt to the ground and grinds it under the toe of her boot. She doesn’t look at Cas.
“No,” Cas and Jack say at the same time.
Richard and Amy emerge from their backdoor. With the expression of newborn lambs, they look around: at the cloudless sky spreading above them, at the grass spreading under their feet, at each other. Then Amy freezes, a sob breaking from her lips. She runs across the lawn to her mother, who has just stepped out of her own house. They embrace, as two young women with matching red hair, and cry, and laugh in each other's arms.
Dean drops the dishes into the sink with a clatter. It sounds like maybe one of the mugs broke.
Dean’s eyes go from post-orgasm dopey to wide and awe-struck, sweeping over Cas’ form. His face isn’t lit by red, but by a blue-white light.
Dean’s cock was aching as he rolled the condom on, going nearly untouched up until that moment. But then he was distracted by the low groan that Cas let out as Beverly went down on him, rumbling in the back of his throat.
Dean wakes up on the floor, sweating and breathless.
When they step apart, Dean fixes Jack with a firm gaze. "Me too," he says.
He scrubbed a hand down his face, took a deep breath, and got out of bed.
Cas sighs, and looks at his former friend though wide, regretful eyes. “I am
Dean groaned and buried his face in his arms. He felt Cas’ hand, gliding gently up his back to caress his hair.
“Claire!” he hears Jack say, scandalized.
"Looks like we've got a little Picasso on our hands!" he exclaims.
A child zips by on a One-Wheel.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Okay, so I did. Still wish you'd said something sooner."
He surpresses the urge to call out, that would only give away both him and Dean to the monsters. Instead, he watches and listens.
that.”
This time, when Dean looks over, his pupils dilate and his mouth gapes slightly before sliding into a smile. His eyes flit over Cas’ body, and the tip of his tongue slides along his dry lips.
“I am,” Dean scowled, correcting course slightly. It wasn’t like he’d drifted
Cas rolls his eyes.
Dean picked at the label of his beer bottle for a bit, before asking, “Why, are you?"
He holds Dean back with a hand on his chest.
Cas continues, “But then when Billie had us cornered and there was no way out, I realized that I didn’t need him to. I just needed to let myself love him.” Castiel’s smile widens to a genuine one, as he remembers what he felt in that moment. “So I did. I told him how good he is, at his core, how he changed my life, changed who I am, and that I love him. And that was enough. The Empty took me, and Billie, and it was done.”
“I can try,” Cas says.
Dean flops into his chair and levers it back to a moderate angle. Cas mirrors him.
“Are you out of juice, or what?” Dean prompts.
“Hey! I’ll have you know, I have
“What?” Cas asked, confused.
hanging around, ‘cause he loves me, and I... I’m
He exhales, watching the tendrils of smoke curl out of his mouth and into the air, and there’s a kind of beauty to the shapes it takes.
He loves Dean. He’ll take him at his word.
“Your friend has really strong arms,” she said, pulling Dean’s hand off of her hip to curl around her waist.
Sam signs,
Sam narrows his eyes, gaze darting between Dean and Cas. He raps sharply on the table. They both jump.
“No,” Dean says. “Stay there.”
“The three of you were like brothers and sister,” Jack explains matter-of-factly. “I know that’s what Cas thought. That’s how I knew to resurrect you.”
“Cas…” Dean moves towards him, trance-like, taking in the angel’s new look. “How'd all this happen?”
"I’m…" he fumbles in confusion. "I’m just going to get another book."
as Dean gradually eases Cas’ cock into his mouth, tongue still flicking across the head; as Dean relaxes his throat, and takes Cas in fully.
“What were Rachel and Hester doing in here?” Anna demands without preamble.
Uriel leans against a dead, splintered tree, a satisfied smirk on his face. He watches as Jack wanders among the men, studying their faces, waiting to see what happens next.
Cas turned to him, scandalized. “That’s racist!”
Cas’ moans pitch higher and his hips jerk involuntarily.
“What is it, Cas?"
. It makes him feel like he’s missing a piece of himself.
Before he and Dean can leave the kitchen, Sam says, "Actually, Cas, if you’re not busy, I was hoping you could help out with a translation.”
Dean and Castiel lay on the floor of a broken down cabin in Purgatory, sharing warmth, sharing breath in the firelight. There are monsters waiting for them outside, and there might never be an After, but Dean doesn’t think about that.
Dean wakes up several hours later.
Dean sighed and got to his feet. “How ‘bout I teach you something fun instead?” Cas cocked his head quizzically. “C’mon, follow me.”
“You don’t have to prove anything to me,” Cas says sternly.
“She had some very helpful suggestions,” Inias elaborates. “But even so… shouldn’t Heaven be more than just… play time?”
. Or not weird. After all, what does it matter that your best friend is in love with you, when that best friend is back from the dead?
Cas raises a hand to Dean’s face, tilts his chin up. Cas looks into his eyes, that familiar green, and can see Dean’s soul, swaying openly towards Cas, and curling defensively in on itself. He can see Dean’s soul, and it’s still a mystery to him.
Every time Dean kills a monster he expects ten more to rush towards him. But the monsters don’t come in hordes on earth, and every time, he’s disappointed.
Cas steps forward and pulls Jack into a hug. Jack hugs him back.
He smiled encouragingly, punched Cas in the arm, and headed to their room.
"Yeah, it does," Cas says, suddenly buoyed by Dean’s change in mood, by the fact that he’s thinking about what Jack would like.
Finally, Anna ventures, “Cas--”
Richard blinks, quickly regaining his composure. "So Heaven is not a reward for faith?"
“Ew! Gross, Dean.”
Sam snorted.
“You’re avoiding,” Cas grumbles, even as Dean kisses his cheek, his jaw, his neck.
“Cas?” he breaths.
Cas stared blankly at Dean, his lips slightly parted, colour rising in his cheeks.
,” Sam exclaimed, barely managing to keep the car straight.
"Uh, no," Cas said, without much conviction.
“Hey, would you cheer up if we watched a movie when we got home?” Dean asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean couldn’t think about what he wanted. The things he wanted were too big, too abstract, too unattainable. So tonight, he’d settle for pleasing his best friend, and this woman they met at a bar. For tonight, he wanted what she wanted.
Dean pushed in slowly, gasping at the feel of Cas hot and tight around him. Watching Cas’ face felt just as good. A blush rose from his chest, up his neck, to his cheeks; his lips dropped open in a silent moan; his neck arched back, and his hands curled against the leather upholstery. His eyes squeezed shut, until Dean was fully in, and then they opened, blinking and glistening. He looked beautiful.
these souls, burned them up. And now, in their own realm, while he can’t truly kill them, Castiel is still a force of destruction.
Dean’s eyebrows flew up to his hairline and he bit back a grin. “That’s my boy! Knew I taught you to use the internet for a reason. So: spill. Find some good instructional videos?” He chuckled.
Dean freezes in the doorway.
Dean straightened up, his hunt for the dagger sheath forgotten. “I’m teaching him how to be human.”
Eileen continues, "And everyone who thinks it's Kaia…"
“Actually,” Inias says, an untouched glass in front of him, “I was wondering if I could ask your opinion? As a human?”
He trails off as Eileen shakes her head at him.
Eileen’s eyebrows fly up. She jabs a finger at Cas and turns an invisible wheel by her head.
She turns to look at him, and though her eyes are glassy, her face is studiously blank, unflinching and insistent.
“Is everything okay?” Sam asks, getting nearer.
There’s a brief crack in Dean’s composure, a tug at his brows. “Yeah.”
He looked at Cas, who shrugged, seemingly accepting their fate.
“It’s not important.” Dean sighs. His arm swings towards Cas as if to take his hand, but then it falls back, and Dean clenches his fist at his side.
like the whisper of rain.
"Get used to it."
“How long? A couple days?” Dean watches Cas over the rim of his coffee mug as he takes a sip.
Cas hovers outside the kitchen, unsure if his presence would be an intrusion or not.
“Yes,” Cas breathed.
"There’s just, uh, something you should know…" he spits out. "For when you get here…"
“Maybe I’m having trouble because I’m not used to freedom.” Inias frowns. “The way I understand it, freedom means getting to decide what to do with one’s life. But then… what does freedom mean for children who will never grow up?”
Cas nods, closes his eyes, and lets his chin drop to his chest.
Dean’s instincts tell him that he should keep moving.
“Okay, million dollar question:” Dean said, “Which movie did you like better?”
Cas lets out a whine, and goes still. His hands grip Dean’s hips, and his forehead rests on Dean’s shoulder; he trembles with every exhale.
It’s the only thing that Dean knows how to say.
“Not immediately,” Cas admits, “but eventually, yes.”
Cas was looking around the room with narrowed eyes, head still cocked. “Just to be absolutely clear on what’s happening here…”
Still with gel on his fingers, Dean raised his hands to his friend’s hair. Cas’ eyes tracked the movement with a skeptical look, but he stood patiently until Dean was satisfied.
“I stubbed my toe on the stairs up from the gun range,” Cas confessed. “I can’t even move this body properly anymore.”
gonna hear,” Dean said, slipping the record from its sleeve. Dean set it on the turntable that he had appropriated from the library and jerry-rigged to some modern speakers that he’d bought with Charlie’s magic credit cards. “Prepare to be educated,” he said, and dropped the needle.
Dean relaxed, and enjoyed the feeling of Cas combing his fingers through his hair.
The taste, however, is disgusting.
Dean peels Cas’ shirt off, and casts it aside. His hands sweep up Cas’ chest. But before he can go back to making bruises on Cas’ skin, Cas says, “You know I never meant to hurt you.”
“Did you kill me because you love me too?”
"Dean. Please."
Cas keeps talking. “I need some time, to come to terms with how I feel, and to find a way to move on.”
“All very much appreciated,” Dean said, catching the sheath, resheathing the bronze dagger, and throwing the knife back in the trunk. “But he still needs someone to show him the important stuff.”
“Dude, wash your hands first,” Dean comments as Cas pulls his phone out of his pocket.
Before Cas can apologize for whatever part he played in making things worse for her, Claire says, "Seems like they’ve been weird for everyone. Congrats on becoming a dad," she adds, terse and sincere at the same time. "It suits you."
“I don’t understand,” Uriel says, genuinely confused.
Sam was leaning over him, eyes gleaming with a manic energy, hands hauling Dean up into a sitting position.
Cas cocks his head and narrows his eyes.
Kissing Cas is surprisingly easy. The rasp of stubble along Dean’s jaw is different, as is the fact that Cas is basically the same size as Dean, which puts a series of his standard moves out of the question. But Cas responds to every change in pressure, every brush of tongue and teeth, with sighs and moans, and hands pressing their bodies impossibly close. It feels good for Cas to be the one holding onto him for a change.
“They do now, but…”
“I thought you were going to say something about Bill Murray being pervy,” Kevin commented over his shoulder.
Jack weaves between them, studying their faces, knowing their stories. “Uriel, you should come and look.”
He doesn't move.
Then Dean pulls back.
Dean tried to shut out the angel’s voice, tried to focus on figuring out whether a hulking shape in the distance was a rock or a creature. Tried not to think about Hester,
the sweetness, simple and bright and sticky. Cas hums in surprise, his lips still closed around his finger. There’s a slight
Castiel’s pretty sure he manages a smile this time. “Agreed.”
Instead of saying anything, Dean leaned in, and kissed Cas, softly, one more time.
“Oh! And there she is!” Jody declares as Claire returns to the map room. She’s on her own, so Cas assumes that Dean went back to the kitchen.
“That’s… a lot to process,” Jody says when Sam is finished. “Something to have an existential crisis over later.”
Cas pulled back. Before Dean could duck in to kiss him, Cas rested his palm against Dean’s cheek. He slid his hand up Dean’s face, and into his hair, combing through the short strands. His eyes danced over Dean’s face, holding his gaze for a moment before drifting down to his lips. Cas licked his own lips, and leaned in, brushing them gently against Dean’s.
Cas turns to him, still with a gaze that’s miles away. “Maybe…” he says, cocking his head.
“Yeah,” Sam says, his smile still plastered in place. “Of course. Meet you at the car in ten.”
He gave Cathy the old bedroom-eyes, with the lopsided smile.
Jack shrugs.
him, he knew he’d never want to let him go.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed. “First hunt as a human, didn’t do half-bad.”
Cas angled his head, and nodded in appreciation of Dean’s work.
"Yeah. Next time."
“But you don’t really want that, do you?” Dean says pensively. “You wanna see your kids. Be a family. That’s the deal.”
me already, I want you, just
Cas nodded, a subtle dip of his chin. For a moment Dean forgot why he was standing so close, and continued to stare into Cas' eyes. Then he blinked.
Dean keeps up a running commentary throughout the film, pointing out all the instances when Bill Murray is particularly cool, or Andie MacDowell is particularly hot; he tells Cas to pay attention when the funniest jokes are coming up, and then recites them along with the characters. All of this is an expected part of the Dean Winchester viewing experience. What’s unexpected is that, while Dean’s fingers keep a restless rhythm, tapping on the arm rest, they never stretch the few inches to touch Castiel’s hand, not even to brush it accidentally, as they often would over the years.
“Werewolf.”
Dean grabbed a revolver and popped open the chamber, checking the rounds inside. “Look, being human isn’t just about basic survival. It’s about attitude, priorities. What to enjoy and how to enjoy it.” He flicked the chamber closed again with a
Sam shrugged in assent. “Hey, I’m not complaining.”
“Tell Cas how he’s doing.”
Dean rounds on Cas, eyes bright and furious. “You want to move on from me?” He scoffs. “It figures, that you put me in your head, and I
“Come on, Cas. Don’t worry.” Dean rests their foreheads together. “Don’t give me that sad face.”
Anna gives him a tight smile, turns on her heel and heads towards Kelly’s house. Cas walks besides her.
Cas' eyes narrowed.
Cas doesn’t know what’s wrong, only that Dean’s heart rate spiked and his adrenal gland activated. “I can pay, Dean. You don’t have to,” he says, hoping to placate him.
Castiel can see the hot, tight sensation coiling at Dean’s core, condensing with every thrust, until it bursts, and Dean comes, shouting Cas’ name.
Dean could feel heat rising in his cheeks, and the corner of his mouth twitching up involuntarily.
“Four PM,” Cas answers. “I think we may have derailed your plans for the day.”
Cas kisses him back, and this too fits. Dean feels whole, and alive.
“I would appreciate it if you could keep an eye on things while we’re both away,” he asks.
Dean’s eyes flicked up to the rear-view mirror just in time to see Savannah peeling off her top. He saw her bare back curving over Cas as she straddled his lap, heard him hum and the sound of wet lips on skin, heard Savannah sigh and saw her throw her head back.
“I love you,” Cas sighs. “I’ll stay. Forever. I’m yours.” The litany of promises by now familiar on his tongue.
Uriel squints at her, affronted. He sniffs, and adjusts his suit. “Fine.”
Dean watched him cautiously. “You okay with this, Cas?”
Dean scuffs his feet against the floor and clenches his jaw.
Dean leans over and his arms shoot out to grab Cas by the lapels of his coat, almost falling out of the tree himself as he catches Cas just in time. Cas jerks awake, and his expression registers momentary shock before settling into tired resignation, as if thinking,
It’s the strange extended twilight of Purgatory when Dean and Cas stumble upon a sign of civilization. Or a cottage, anyways.
And this, this is something Cas can work with.
“Cas…”
In tandem, Rachel and Hester tilt their heads.
Cas rises to his feet, and Dean’s arm shoots out before he can think about it, grabbing Cas’ sleeve. Cas looks directly at him for the first time since they sat down, and Dean decides he isn’t letting go.
Cas can feel a churning murkiness within Dean, like waters after a storm. And Cas wishes he could heal souls as easily as he can a broken limb. He runs his hand through Dean’s hair, and watches the strands catch the light gold as his fingers move across them.
“But you’ll still be good at it, right?”
“Maybe it’s better that they miss me than for them to know the truth.”
Before Dean can say, “Cas, wait,” he spreads his wings, and lands on the service road outside the bunker.
“No, no, don’t do that,” Dean says gently, pulling Cas close again. Their thighs brush, and Dean’s eyes slide down to Cas’ mouth. He bites his lip, and Cas has never been so envious of someone else’s teeth.
"So if you're bored, that must mean things are pretty quiet upstairs, right?"
Beverly’s apartment was a one-room studio, with a couch and TV taking up the centre of the space, a kitchen counter off to the side of the door. A wide bed was set against the far wall; and though it was partially hidden by a screen, it was unmissable from the entranceway.
“Thank you,” Kelly gushes, and reaches out with her other hand to clasp Uriel’s. He flinches, instinctively, and then softens.
His gaze drifts from Cas’ face, talking about angels that Dean would probably recognize the names of if he was paying attention, to Cas’ hands, still loosely wrapped around a beer. Hands that shoved him away the last time they met. Hands that could do other things to Dean, if he asked.
Cas turns to Anna sharply. “No, Dean is an exceptional lover,” he says, gravely serious, Jack’s presence all but forgotten.
. His gaze slid past Cas’ face, unable to look him in the eye, unwilling to see how Cas looked at him when he was like this, vulnerable, letting himself be opened up. He saw himself in the mirrored ceiling: laid out on his back, under another man.
Somewhere along the line, there had been a miscommunication. Cas had learned a lot over the past months, but he hadn’t learned
“Jack…” Cas says, warning.
I added two sentences to chapter 4, scene 5. When Cas and Anna are talking about her family. It's not super-important, it just sets up a character beat in this chapter a bit better.
Dean felt Cas’ finger press inside him. He choked back a groan at the sensation, the stretch, the pressure. He couldn’t believe that noise had come from him, from Cas getting inside him. He felt a dark swirl of shame in the pit of his stomach.
Castiel’s expression doesn’t change. Dean immediately feels ridiculous. Yeah, it’s awkward (like that’s anything new with Cas) but Cas had spent eons watching humans, he probably doesn’t even know he’s being a voyeur. Not to mention, he saw Dean in Hell, catching him jerking off is nothing compared to that.
“Why did everyone pull their guns on the new sheriff?” Cas asked with a puzzled frown.
Castiel’s mouth snaps shut, and his gaze drops to the ground. He can feel Jack’s questioning eyes on him, and he feels the urge to fly away. He doesn’t.
“No Cas, you gotta hold your palms flat on the table.”
“First, if I did, Cas'd be all set, 'cause I'm
“Explains what?” Cas asks curiously.
Cas crawls up the bed and lets Dean shift him around until he’s lying on his back with his head resting on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s arm wrapped around him. Dean presses a kiss into Cas’ hair and traces patterns on his chest, while Cas caresses Dean’s fingers in ways that would be suggestive if Dean wasn’t entirely spent.
“Well, you’re not missing out on much,” Claire says. She smiles in spite of herself.
Dean wonders how many different ways he can lose his friend, and why the universe is intent on making him experience all of them.
“Oh, come on!” the man wheedles.
“No, thanks for letting me know. That you’re screwing the monster possessing my dead father’s corpse.”
Dean didn’t hate gay people. Really, he didn’t. Charlie was like a sister to him, after all. And if gay dudes wanted to dance to songs about being who you are, more power to them, honestly. But a voice in Dean’s head was screaming at him,
Dean realizes what he’s looking at. He doesn’t mind taking the long way around.
“Can you zap us out of here?”
Dean’s hands pull Cas closer still, so that they’re pressed chest-to-chest, hip-to-hip. Cas feels Dean's cock stiffening against his thigh, and sighs into his mouth. He quickly realizes that the robe is the only thing that Dean’s wearing, and slides his hands over his chest to push under the fabric. But before he can, Dean steps back.
just going to break them and in the unlikely event that Castiel one day meets
“I’m going to…” Cas glows fondly at the memory of Dean returning his love. “... to treat you soft, and special-like.”
As she said that, Dean felt something that he couldn’t name. It felt like fire under his skin. Like a fishhook in his gut.
He ground against Cas, but the friction wasn’t nearly enough. He lowered his lips to Cas’ ear, and said roughly, “Wanna fuck you, Cas.” He felt Cas gasp and shiver underneath him. “Wanna make you feel as good as you made me.”
who must be alive to punish
A set of Playmobil figures lies discarded on the lawn, along with a robot dog, and a light-up scooter. All Aaila is interested in is a lime-green hula-hoop. She swings it around her hips, attempting to get some momentum going. But she’s interrupted by her younger brother grabbing onto the hoop.
"What!?" Kaia exclaims.
“Of course.”
Dean participates with a polite amount of attention, asking superficial questions and nodding along to the answers.
“Well, driver picks the music.”
Cas knocks on Dean’s door as a courtesy. He doesn’t wait for an answer before entering, and closing the door behind him. He already knows that Dean wants him there.
Cas stares at Eileen, blinking. Of course he knows now that Dean loves him, so he would have taken Cas’ death hard. And he knows now how much Dean wants him around. But still… Cas had died before, and Dean had dealt with it then. And Dean still had so much in his life, a home, a family, a job. Maybe Cas was misunderstanding Eileen’s meaning.
“You gotta have a solid bridge. Some people thread the cue through their fingers, some just use their knuckles.” Dean demonstrated as he talked. “But whatever you do, you can’t let it shake. Try it."
“Dean-”
“I’m not up to anything.”
Anna looks away, and Cas follows her gaze. Together they look down on the heavens. There’s a small speck of green where Richard and Amy wait for their daughter to come home.
“Cas, you were wonderful,” she hummed, trailing her fingers across his hairline. “How do you feel?”
Dean frowned at him, confused. “You’re not hopeless, Cas.”
It told him to turn the music off, to snap,
They were sisters in life. Then one got turned, and she turned the other. They were sisters in their second life as monsters as well.
Dean hears the rustle of wings, and is on his feet and turning towards the sound even before it’s followed by a familiar, “Hello Dean."
“I… I didn’t want…” Cas stammers.
"God made me, and I’m His, not-”
"Cas, is that- ?”
At first Castiel thought that being in Purgatory might be a kind of penance, but it hasn’t felt that ways so far.
Dean’s gaze snaps to Jody.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, because Cas has got a point, but Dean thinks his annoyance is well-justified. He settles on rolling his eyes. “Just… get some rest yourself, okay? I’ll keep watch.”
Cas works around Dean’s neck, his shoulders, the wings of his shoulder blades. He gets lost in the process of human muscles being molded by human hands, of Dean softening under his touch. He’s shaping Dean's body again, rebuilding him again. Dean moans and sighs, whimpers and keens. Cas rolls his thumbs down the chords of muscle along Dean’s spine, feels the stiffness melt away, moves down to the slope of his lower back.
He doesn’t move, doesn’t blink. They’re standing face-to-face.
“Yeah,” Sam said with another sigh. “But… I could use a coffee.” He gave a tight smile.
promised Cas that listening to Jimmy Page on the open road was an experience in and of itself. And from the look on Cas’ face, the way his body gently rocked to the music, it seemed like the experience delivered.
Dean sighed heavily. “You know what? Forget it. This isn’t gonna work.” He snapped the laptop shut.
Cas’ lips quirk up, just a little, and he nods.
Anna’s hands still as she studies Castiel. Then she starts flipping the frisbee again, and says, “Don’t start thinking you’ve converted me to the cause.”
But Cas didn’t look at Dean any differently as he slouched out of the car, followed him into the diner, and dropped into the booth next to him. He didn’t behave any differently when he gave the menu a cursory glance before asking Dean what he should order. And he didn’t think twice about Dean stealing french fries off his plate, or about swiping Dean’s coffee after he’d finished his own.
Cas’ smile froze in place. “Yeah.”
“Then promise me.”
"Oh," Jack's face falls. "Well how about Uriel?"
“Uh… what?” is all Sam says.
“Castiel. Anna,” Hester says, nodding to each of them.
“Yeah, like a curriculum,” Dean bullshitted. “Best movies of all time. Must-sees for any human.”
Cas thinks about soldiers stuck in battle long after the war has ended; about seeing every problem as a nail; about how when he and Dean have had sex, Dean’s body has felt like an anchor. And Cas liked that, the way Dean grounds him, always pulls him home. He thinks about how Dean shows his love through actions; how Dean sees himself as a weapon.
When Dean pulls back, Cas chases his lips with a breathy whimper. Dean can’t keep the smile from his lips.
Anna stares off in the direction that Hester and Rachel left in, then turns towards where they came from.
The town makes a weak gesture at tourists, with a sign that declares it, “Heart of the Nation, Still beating strong!” but most of the businesses are aimed at farmers -- hardware, guns, motor repair. Most other things seem to be bought and sold used, passed around the community via the two or three auctioneers in town, not to mention the cavernous antique store across the street from theatre; the second-hand store next door with its dusty, yellowed windows; and the enigmatic “Curiosity Shop” across the way.
“Yes,” Cas sighs.
of his eyes.
“I still don’t understand,” Cas says as the credits start to roll. “If the groundhog didn’t curse the weatherman, then who did?”
“Hm?” Cas leans in to capture Dean’s lips again, but Dean stops him with a hand cupping his face.
Cas watches Richard’s compulsive nodding slow, and his eyebrows draw together.
Anna folds her wings, covering her eyes. She hesitates as if taking a breath she neither needs or is capable of taking. And then with a shudder, she drops. Anna sinks through the sky, back to the ground, back to the heaven she made, collapsing into her human form on the way.
Cas stood up a little straighter, a proud tilt to his chin.
Dean had heard Cas moan in pleasure before, heard his breathy gasps. There were previous times when he had seen his head tip back, his eyes go wide and then flutter shut, seen him squirm and shudder under the hands and lips of another. But this was different. There was something about knowing that
“Would love a beer,” Dean interrupts, setting down the menu with a tight smile.
It takes Dean longer than normal to return from the washroom.
Cas stood in the middle of the floor, in the dark, back straight, expression grim, eyes downcast. The glow of red and blue neon filtered through the widow, picking up the edges of his silhouette, the angles of his face.
“Yeah,” Cas says, still breathless. “I’m good.”
Dean felt the sweet relief of Cas drawing out of him, and then the heady pressure of him pushing back in, slowly.
Before turning the ignition, Cas paused.
"This is good!" Eileen says, after taking the first bite of her Hawaiian. "Sam, you should have led with this place when you were talking up the town."
She smiles wryly. “And what? You want me to widen the horizons of the new angels?”
Cas stares at the door that Dean disappeared behind. He thinks about the giddy joy that he and Dean shared over the past few days, how easy it had been.
Dean built up a steady rhythm, one hand on Beverly’s hip, the other intermittently pressing, stroking and rubbing her clit.
Even as Dean says it, he knows that he’s lying about not understanding. He knows how the ache of longing eats at Cas; he felt it for himself last night. He knows that it’s easier for Cas to fly away than to be confronted with the mess of living with human emotions. Dean knows that he’s also doing what comes easiest to him: falling back on anger.
Dean drags Cas into a rough kiss. Then he levers himself on his elbows so that he’s sitting up, with Cas straddling his hips.
“Not at all.” Naomi shrugs. “Relatively speaking. Maybe two or three times each.” She stands and casually saunters towards Cas and Anna. “Is it so surprising that in Heaven’s current state, they sought out someone who represents order and stability?”
Dean’s first impulse was to say that he knew that wasn’t true, that he’d made Cas feel like shit plenty of times. But as he raised his head to look at Cas, the expression on Cas’ face was so warm and sincere that Dean couldn’t say anything at all. He could only stare, and feel his heart break a little.
and these souls probably have some questions of their own about the pain they were subjected to when
Dean cursed under his breath and brushed his palm against his jeans, but that just irritated it more. He suddenly felt guilty that he couldn’t do something as simple as enjoy a nice day. But he still had to try. Otherwise it was all for nothing.
“Well, you’d educate better with Cas in the front, don’t you think?” Sam said, and shut the car door.
Sam signs.
Anna points towards the hedge at the edge of the small cemetery next to the church, and they start walking towards it together. “Come on,” she chides. “How bad can it be?”
Claire shrugs. “Wouldn’t mind.”
“I like that,” he pronounces happily.
Dean smirks and opens his mouth to comment.
Cas says it easily, as if it should be obvious.
“Well, yeah, I kinda thought you knew.” Cas can practically hear the shrug in Dean’s voice.
"Okay," Eileen interrupts. "So the mob of frightened villagers kills Kaia…"
With a grumble, Cas forces himself to focus on the bunker’s generator, its breakers, its wiring. It takes just under a minute, but Cas does manage to bring the power back up.
Cas finally decides to admit his confusion to Eileen.
But in the next moment Cas looks at him so sincerely that he’s struck dumb.
Jack’s eyes fall to the ground. He nods. “Okay.”
“Pfft. ‘Cause you lo-o-ove him?” Claire teases.
Anna’s eyebrows peak, and her lips curve up gently. “Yeah, that does make it better.”
When they pulled over, Dean decided he might as well top off Baby’s tank, and got out to pump gas. Sam passed Cas some cash for a round of coffee and snacks. As soon as Cas was in the store, Sam climbed out of the car, only to slide into the back seat.
“Garlic butter or marinara dipping sauce?” Marie asks.
Cas watches as a pair of racing children scamper by Aaila, stomping through the figurines that she had set up. In a huff, she chucks the robot dog at the ground, and flops into the grass, crossing her arms tight across her chest.
“See, the problem is that you’re acting like this is just about power, when really, it’s more about precision,” Dean coached. He held his hand out to Kevin without turning to look at him.
Dean shifted so that he was kneeling behind Beverly, and slid his fingers between her legs so that she would know what a good job she was doing.
“I’ll be right back,” he says.
Cas looks at his plate. He doesn't want to push Dean into a situation he's not ready for. Their current outing has been fraught enough. But he wants Dean to say yes so badly.
“Cas!"
Dean.
As Sam grumbles to himself, Dean leads Cas to his “cave”. Cas still insists it would more accurately be referred to as a recreation room, but it
“I don’t see how that’s related to relaxation. I always wear this.”
Cathy’s ecstatic moan was enough of an explanation for Dean. As was the way that she pounded her fist against the mattress as Cas thrust into her, and the way she grit and bared her teeth. Yeah, Dean was glad he got his dick out of her mouth when he did.
“We were just talking,” Naomi answers easily.
it to me,” Cas moaned. Dean was floored by how shamelessly Cas begged for him, even as he writhed under Dean’s fingers. It was the hottest thing Dean had ever seen.
“Thank you. He’s already been very good for me.”
Anna shakes her head. “It’s better to just leave it.”
“I got another chance. Why can’t she?” Cas hears Benjamin ask as he approaches. He feels a painfully sharp pang of sympathy, followed by guilt. If he were in Benjamin's position, he knows that he wouldn't let any law of Heaven hold him back.
Cas furrows his brow in confusion. “Um… Dean’s arms are quite muscular. Including his wrists.”
That rhythm was in full swing as Dean and Cas got ready to go out. Cas was getting dressed in the bedroom while Dean shaved in front of the bathroom mirror.
"Good job!" Dean says with what Cas thinks is a bit too much enthusiasm given the task. After a moment, Dean adds, "What do you do up there all day, anyhow?"
“That sounds like a much better idea than getting out of bed,” Cas mumbled sleepily. He pulled Dean’s arm more tightly across his chest, and snuggled back against Dean, pressing his ass against Dean’s morning wood.
"No worries. We were talking about you, so." Dean gives Cas an uneasy smile and a shrug. "She seemed to take it okay, right?"
Then he turned the keys, and the engine roared to life.
“Good.” Balthazar nods. “And was I right? Did you explode?”
Dean turns to Cas.
Cas fumbled for a couple of seconds before pinching the quarter upright between his thumbs.
Dean’s stomach flipped at the memory. He grabbed the front of Cas’ shirt, and kissed him hard as Robert Plant sang,
“Uh, Dean? Beverly?” Cas called from down the hall.
“Dean, you’re beautiful,” Cas said, voice breaking from deep gravel to a breathy whisper. Dean shuddered at how wrecked he sounded. “You’re perfect. You’re everything,
"Mm…” Dean’s fingertips caress Cas’ hairline. “I have the best boyfriend."
“I want to,” Dean says, adamantly, bright-eyed. “I want to be that for you. I can do it.”
The edge of the counter is digging into Cas’ back, but Cas’ hands are at Dean’s waist, at his hip, trying to pull him closer. Somehow Dean manages to get his other hand in between them to fumble with Cas’ tie and yank his collar open.
Dean was glad to have this version of Castiel as well, felt that they were friends in a way that they hadn’t been before.
Anael shrugs. "Not bad for a new hire."
Cas smiles hopefully. "It did?"
He knocks on Cas’ door for three whole minutes before the angel actually answers, hair sticking up, bleary-eyed, in a thrift-store Nirvana t-shirt and sweat pants.
The frown slipped off of Cas’ face, and for a long moment his expression was blank and unreadable. Then he blinked rapidly, nodded, and turned towards the door. “Right. Okay, then.”
let you go.”
Cas leans against the counter, talked down to just his shirtsleeves, tie and slacks. He watches Dean stir pancake batter. The strange, desperate edge from the other day in the map room has faded away, and Dean is relaxed, a gentle hum of happiness vibrating off of him.
Sam has already dashed around the store, picking up the extra ingredients that Dean insisted were necessary, even after his shopping trip yesterday, and is leaning against the grocery cart, staring at his phone as he waits for Cas to select produce.
Dean drapes his arms over Cas’ shoulders, and drops kisses onto his lips, short and teasing.
Claire hugs Cas for a long time. “Remember, if you ever need me, just pray,” he whispers into her hair. He feels her nod in response.
. He told himself that Cas didn’t know he’d heard it before, in far less romantic terms. That he’d been told he had an ass that was made for taking dick, that he had cocksucking lips. Dean prepared himself to feel those words, taking him out of him out of his own body, making him an outside observer to his own fucking. He thought to himself that it wouldn’t be that bad if Cas was saying it, he wouldn’t mind, not if he was giving Cas what he needed to stay. Dean was used to seeing his body as a tool, and it had always been easy for him to let it be used for the sake of those he loved.
Dean takes Cas down his throat, and swallows around him. Cas gasps.
It was after lunch, and Sam and Dean were doing a pre-hunt weapons check in the garage. It was a bit more thorough than their regular routine, but this was going to be Cas’ first hunt as a human after getting back to the bunker about a month ago, and Dean wanted to be sure that everything went as smoothly as possible.
“It’s tempting,” he said. “But we’re leaving town in the morning.”
"Yes. Things are settling down, and it’s all under control."
“Oh,” Cas’ face fell, and he set down the chalk. “You’re leaving with her.”
Dean blinks and the next moment the dancers are wisps of white in the distance. Cas is besides him, telling him to be more careful.
"Now go.”
“Bye…” Anna sing-songs after them. As soon as they’re safely out of earshot, she gives Cas a sharp look. “They seem suspicious to you?”
Cas looks at him, unreadable as ever, until a smile that Dean thinks is hopeful curves his lips.
“According to you.”
There is a classic rock-to-Lady Gaga pipeline. Much of the sound of
Dean slid down the bed and closed his eyes. Even though he couldn’t see his face, he could almost
It’s a couple of weeks After Chuck, and Dean feels like he doesn’t know a lot of things. At this particular moment, he doesn’t know what he was planning to make for dinner. He stares at the vegetables arrayed on the cutting board, and can’t remember. His eyes follow the curve of the knife, and he hears the words,
, Dean thinks, though he doesn’t remember when he made the decision that he and Cas would end up there. He swallows, licks his lips, and turns his gaze back to Cas’ face.
Cas grimaces. He expects that Balthazar won’t find that argument terribly compelling.
Dean grins wolfishly and leans in for another kiss. But Cas doesn’t need to be able to feel Dean’s emotions to tell that they’re getting messy and jumbled.
There might have been people that Castiel has wanted to kill more than he wants to kill Naomi, but at the moment he can’t remember who they are.
nonsensically into the pillow. Cas gasps as Dean clenches around him, like he’s trying to pull him deeper.
“Good to know,” Rachel says, no more friendly for Cas’ efforts.
God, give him a chance.”
He’s alive, at any rate. He supposes it doesn’t matter how.
"She’s busy," Cas answers.
“I, uh… yeah,” Dean said, coughing out the words as he imagined what Maureen had in mind. He could see why she would think that would be hot. Objectively speaking. And, well, anything to make a lady happy.
The thought of saying
Dean was woken up the next morning by the sound of relentless knocking. He pressed his forehead to the back of Cas’ shoulder and groaned, and heard Cas grumble too.
“No, she’s right,” Cas says.
Jack smiles kindly at him.
. Dean shrugged. With another look at the ammo he decided they were good for one more hunt and put the bullets back. He picked up a bronze dagger that was just sitting on top of a pile of charms, unsheathed.
“It suits you. You should get it.”
Anael chuckles. "Believe me, there’s plenty of humans whose idea of paradise is unlimited rides on Space Mountain."
“Fuck.”
“So that wasn’t so-- oof!” The air is knocked out of Dean as Cas grips him in a tight hug.
He thinks that he may be able to relieve his guilt with pain. If he were to surrender, lie down, let these creatures tear him apart until the ends of time. It would be as easy as it would be just.
The chorus of groans from the scored-on team is drowned out by the cheers of the victors. The moment doesn’t last long, however, as the ball re-enters play, and the children converge on it again. The crying boy is no longer crying. He rejoins the game, seamlessly becoming one with the running, laughing mob of children.
“Cas,” she said, “help me wash Dean.”
Dean smirks. “Jeeze, Cas, bread
Dean sighs contentedly when he lies down in an actual bed at night, savours bacon cheeseburgers, makes eyes at pretty waitresses, and does The Job. He tries to go back to normal.
how to
With a rustle of feathers, Naomi is gone, leaving Castiel and Anna alone in the room where she broke both of them apart.
“Eating in this time? Must be a special occasion!” she exclaims while passing out menus.
Cas straddles Dean’s hips, lets his hands graze up his skin, savouring the feel. He swallows down, and prevents his vessel from showing signs of arousal. He can feel Dean’s trepidation, his reluctance to be vulnerable.
“Uh huh. Who’s dick you’re hopping on,” Claire says, and now there’s no mistaking the lilt of a smile in her voice. Cas realizes that the tremor he heard before was laughter. He breathes a sigh of relief.
Cas frowned
Dean thought.
Dean occupied himself with untying Beverly’s halter top, dotting her shoulders with kisses and gentle bites. She unbuttoned Cas’ shirt and pushed it off his arms. Her top fell away, and Dean slid his hands around to squeeze her breasts and brush experimentally against her nipples. She moaned into Cas’ mouth in reply.
everything. No one’s perfect at anything right away. It takes time.”
It's not the outcome Cas was aiming for, but he’s not about to tell Dean he meant the jacket for him. Not when Dean looks at him like that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nods.
the focused want emanating from Dean, wonders how he can stand it. But he lets Dean set the pace.
Heaven and earth are full of your glory.
“Castiel,” Uriel begins in a formal tone. “I apologize for trying to kill you when you refused to help me free Lucifer.”
Cas doesn’t quite know what to do with himself. Dean and Sam help him find an appartment, set him up to live a semi-human life while he figures it out. He’s got wounds and scars that Dean can’t see, that keep Cas on the ground. But he and Dean are healed, and the hunter feels good about having him as a friend.
Dean tries not to think that the same is true of him, that every time he was resurrected he’s been less human, more of a simple killer. He tries not to think of it, because he believes that it’s true.
“And you were just holding me up the whole time?”
“Now we’re getting to the
“You know,” Cathy said, pulling Dean aside after a couple of drinks and some entendre-laden conversation. “I can’t figure out whether you’re trying to hit on me or wingman for your buddy.”
"Doesn't go with the slacks, though," Dean mentions casually. He goes back to his search, keeping his hands busy with flipping over cassette tapes. "Why don't you pick out some new duds while we're here?"
It's then that Cas recognizes the intent gleam in Richard’s eye, and the thread of scientific exuberance in his voice. He relaxes with the realization that he's not being challenged.
Cas turns around.
Cas is still on his knees, staring dead-eyed at the floor. "Dean, please.“ His voice is flat, but it still sounds too much like begging to Dean, and it makes him feel sick.
The dots appear and disappear again.
There’s a knot of something else, something deeper, that’s being worked out too. The murkiness of Dean’s emotions washing clear, as resentment and fear and… and obligation fall away. Dean lets himself be taken care of, lets
“That’s the thing. You can’t ever really know for sure unless you ask,” Kevin was saying.
Maureen watched a thermostat next to the tap for a moment or two before opening the shower door, and beckoning Dean and Cas inside.
“Not much,” Cas says conversationally. “I was talking to Anael just now.”
1) This is not meant to be an accurate depiction of negotiated kink, it’s just supposed to have things happen consensually while still messing with Dean’s head.
replay in his head. He closes his eyes and curses under his breath. Blood pounding in his skull, Dean decides for the fifth time so far that day to try to be the man Cas thought he was. To just keep going.
Distantly, Cas hears the bunker door open, and Sam exclaim, “What the Hell?!”
Jack’s gaze bounces between the three of them, looking as relieved and hopeful as Castiel feels.
Cas smiled at the memory. “It was very good.”
Cas ducks his head and laughs.
“Yeah, that’s it. Now pick up the quarter with your thumbs.”
“If you quit, it should be because you’ve given it your best shot, and found out for yourself that it’s not possible. Not because Gabriel said so.”
Castiel is purpose and purpose requires focus. Even when he’s not fighting Castiel has things to focus on if he and Dean are going to escape. Keeping to the path. Finding shelter. Watching out for Dean.
“Dean!” Castiel shouts one more time. “Shut your eyes!"
“Oh,” Cas says. He glances at Uriel, who’s staring glumly into the bottom of his mimosa flute.
“Dean and I are going to have a menage-a-trois with Beverly,” Cas said matter-of-factly.
Anna is a blaze in the sky, rising like a rocket, all fire and glory, out of Heaven and into the universe. Cas feels the moment that his wings stop pushing against air and break into the vacuum of space. Propelled by his grace, he comes to rest next to Anna where she hangs in the void.
I have Dean and Claire’s off-page talk written out, but unfortunately it was not for Cas’ ears. Might post it as a time-stamp when this is all done. But I might also leave it up to imagination.
Dean cries out and jerks his hips into Cas’ mouth; Cas wraps his fingers around Dean’s thigh and presses it back, angling his hips up. With his other hand, now slick with lube, he circles a finger around Dean’s opening and presses in.
Sam let out a long, pained sigh and muttered, “Why are you guys so weird?”
“I'll be good to you,” Dean says in between kisses. “So good to you, Cas. You'll see.”
When Dean’s eyes fluttered open, he saw Cas watching intently, lips slightly parted, but not making a move of his own.
Cas moves to pull Dean’s hand off of his tie, but then Dean just locks his ankles around the back of Cas’ legs.
The way Cas kissed him was gentle and sure, like he knew Dean was his.
“Huh?” Dean said, eyes sliding back to the windshield.
As a human, Castiel never enjoyed sleeping. He hated being vulnerable and unaware of his surroundings, hated the nightmares that often came along with sleep, and very seldom had anywhere remotely comfortable to rest.
on vinyl.
Dean’s hands shift like he’s about to take off his robe. Cas takes a step towards him.
Maureen swept across the room to a wooden cabinet. Dean couldn’t see everything that was inside, but he could see what she pulled out of it: an elegantly shaped vibrator, a feather, nipple clips, and a wide, pink silicone cone that Dean could only assume was also supposed to vibrate. She set them on a nightstand next to the chaise.
In “The Holy Anaphora” portion of the Catholic liturgy there's this section:
“Fuckin’ finally,” Dean muttered.
"Not really," Dean continues. "You’re something…" he shakes his head. "Something that gives me headaches if I think about it too long."
He opens his eyes.
Cas tilted his head
“That’s interfering in the affairs of humans. We’re not supposed to do that anymore,” Jack says.
Dean could feel bile rising in his throat. There weren’t enough steady blue gazes in the world to soothe Dean through this. "Cas, please, these really aren’t fond memories for me,” he cut in sharply.
Cas stills, then shivers. He lifts his head to look Dean in the eye.
"I overheard," Cas admits.
“Awesome,” Dean nodded. He clapped his hands together and rose from his seat. “Oh! And I’ll make chicken wings to eat with the game.”
He watches Castiel in the firelight and remembers a time, maybe months ago, maybe a year, when Castiel told him,
Castiel doesn’t answer, just tilts his head and narrows his eyes at the doorway. Dean jogs over to him.
“If the heaven I made was so perfect, I don’t see why all this was necessary,” Uriel grumbles
that Castiel is, the voice seems pretty irrelevant.
Dean rises from the chair and stretches. He glances sideways at Cas.
The songs they listen to in the car are "Marry the Night" and "Born This Way", in case it wasn't obvious.
He takes a step to continue on his way, and realizes that Dean isn’t with him anymore.
“Cas?” he calls out.
“Yeah, that’s the joke.”
“We’re playing another round,” she says adamantly. “You’ll see.”
Dean’s laptop had long ago been shoved aside, and was now tottering precariously at the foot of his bed, the credits scrolling across the screen obscured by Castiel’s hurriedly discarded sweat pants.
Dean laughed. “Guess I’m a good influence after all.”
A few minutes later, Dean is asleep.
Meanwhile, Dean was strategizing. He had one best-friend with limited know-how but a thirst to learn, and one woman who was enthusiastic but probably needed to have her expectations managed; and he wanted everyone to be happy and satisfied by the end of the night.
Anna replies.
“I’m not sure. He’s busy showing Indra and Ofaniel the kindergarten.” Cas doesn’t say why: that Jack had found the two of them complaining about having to remake Heaven, and was hoping to inspire them with happy children. It made Castiel wonder what other angels were saying where they wouldn’t be overheard.
When Cas returns to the Milton backyard, he finds it teeming with people. The picnic tables are full, and souls dash around the yard, flinging frisbees and footballs, playing as adolescents with their friends, and as adults with their children. The air is thick with chattering voices, laughter, and the smell of charred meat on the barbeque.
“Thank you,” Cas says, shaken. Then, without giving Sam the chance to say anything else, he heads to Dean’s room.
Dean looked at Cas. His eyes were wide, his brow furrowed, his mouth downturned. He looked so sad, but so open, wanting to understand.
Cas decides that he likes Rice Krispie squares. The crunch is texturally pleasing, and the predominant taste is sugar.
They find Sam in the Curiosity Shop, which is less dusty but just as cluttered as the second-hand store, crammed with knickknacks and the work of some local aspiring artists. Sam's inspecting what looks like a deeply cursed collection of corn husk dolls, when Dean claps a hand on his shoulder, making him jump.
had resulted in a two-hour debate with Cas about the morality of revenge, Dean figured it was okay to jump ahead to comedies. And when he found out that Kevin had never seen
“What? You okay?” Dean asks, deflecting.
If anyone besides Cas thinks there was something tense about the exchange, they don't mention it.
Cas nods weakly. His composure crumbles as Dean slides his gaze down to his lips, and then back up to fix him with a piercing look.
Dean gave Cas a significant look.
“We’ll go for long drives just for the fun of it, windows down, music playing. No hunts, just you and me and an open road and the world we saved to enjoy. And then we’ll come home, and Sam and Jack and Claire will come over. I’ll make dinner for all of us, and we’ll talk and laugh and be a family. And at the end of the night you’ll take me to bed.”
“So, on a scale of--”
Okay, I was optimistic about finishing one chapter a week. These are long bois. Every two weeks it is.
The practice of sharing food began as a necessity for humans; as individuals they couldn’t be sure of securing enough calories, but together they helped each other survive. From there it became ingrained in the building of communities. And then it became the foundation of rituals, of acts of worship.
Cas swallows hard, anticipation buzzing over his skin like static. He does as Dean says: unzips his fly, and pulls out his cock, sighing at the touch of his own hand. He’s found over the past couple of days that his body responds to Dean very quickly, and he’s achingingly hard.
“I want you, Cas,” Dean grit out. “Want you in me."
“Don’t make small-talk now,” Anael says adamantly, and follows him.
Sam shuffles into the doorway, backlit by light from the hallway. "Thanks," he mumbles.
He doesn’t look away.
Castiel looks Balthazar in the eye. “It was.”
He didn’t tell Sam that it reminded him of that first solo case John had ever sent him on: those nuns who were in love with each other and killed themselves. Or that it made him think things about the futility of love. Like how it never seemed to match up right on all sides, like a puzzle whose pieces had been swapped out.
"They don’t have to see us."
Dean staggered to his feet, and followed Maureen into her bathroom. It was just as impressive as the rest of her apartment: expansive, tiled in warm ochre and terra cotta ceramics, gleaming with brassy fixtures. One end of the room was closed off by glass, and Dean realized it was a massive shower stall.
Kaia blinks at him, taken aback. “I’m not her mom.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Anna asks.
If Richard notices Cas' defensiveness, he doesn't show it as he shuffles his lawn chair closer.
Besides giving Cas an aborted double-take and a surreptitious once-over, Dean doesn't react.
Cas moves to follow Sam out of the kitchen to help, but is stopped by Dean hooking a finger through his belt loop.
Castiel’s eyes are sharp now, glaring intently up at Dean. "Call me names, tell me how I’ve fallen, and
Cas pressed closer to Dean, so they were touching hip-to-knee, and re-balanced the laptop. Dean clenched his jaw and didn’t move.
Castiel can’t leave Dean because he doesn’t want to, couldn’t make himself want to if he tried. Not now that he appreciates how precious and fragile this friendship is. And Castiel knows that he doesn’t deserve it, but he is
“Not to kill you,” she says with a patronizing smile, still walking towards him.
He throws his arms out and shrugs. “So why not let the kids have fun while they can?”
Sam scoffs gently. “What, you need him to carry your grocery bags?”
going to make this weird?” Sam asks incredulously.
“You’re just flattering me to get me to back down,” Anael says, though there’s no tone of accusation in her voice.
Dean blinks and coughs. “That-that’s great, buddy,” he stammers, and begins gathering up the dishes as his face turns red.
“Have the limited vision of the upper-middle class from the heart of a decaying capitalist empire?”
“I’ll give you the tour,” Sam tells Eileen, an awkward bend to his elbow as he twirls his fingers around each other. But it’s Eileen who takes Sam’s hand and leads him down the street.
Cas hitches Dean’s knees over his shoulders and lifts his hips in the air. His tongue joins his finger, plunging into Dean, opening him up, starving to be inside. Dean arches off the bed and howls Cas’ name; then the long sound fades into hoarse repetitions,
There was a witch in Atlanta, because of course there was. Just when Dean was feeling shitty, the universe went and threw
Just as one of his faster opponents is about to catch up, he draws his foot back, and sends the ball barrelling through the goal.
Cas’ fingers close around Dean’s jaw and hold him in place as he kisses him, tasting himself on Dean’s lips. Something is humming, vibrating within Cas. His tongue plunges into Dean’s mouth, and he feels like he’s too far away, he needs to be closer. Cas’ clothes vanish with a thought. He crowds into Dean, driving him backwards towards the bed.
He thinks of Osiris' abacus. "The question of admittance to Heaven is quite complex, and not one that I’m personally involved in," he hedges uneasily.
The witch case was disgusting. Sam, Dean and Cas got into her house by visiting when her husband (who was apparently
Cas smiles gently.
“Huh.”
Cas’ eyes snapped back to Dean, wide and apologetic. “I’m sorry, I should have realized.”
“I blew the power out by accident,” Cas shouts. Then he adds, “Please go away.”
"Too bad you can’t taste these," Dean teases. He takes a bite of another berry, his lips pursing around the fruit. "They’re really good."
Castiel’s eyes snap open. searching and confused.
“And it was a lot to deal with. But there was also love.” Cas’ shoulders relax, and Dean waits a moment to see if Cas will turn to look at him. He doesn’t, and Dean keeps going. “Cas, I’m sorry I didn’t see it before. But I do want you to stay with me. Please, I just got you back.”
Before Dean can say anything, Cas tells him, “But you're not dying. Not today.”
After two and a half days in Purgatory, Dean and Castiel find a copse of trees growing close together, forming a protective circle around a few square feet of forest floor. Castiel says that once he paints wards on the trees it should provide sufficient shelter for them to rest a while. Dean doesn’t question him; he needs to sleep and this is the first chance he’s gotten. He lies down, balls up his coat under his head, and is asleep before Castiel can tell Dean that he’ll keep watch.
Dean kept his eyes on his razor in the mirror as Cas changed. His attention was only pulled away when Cas asked, “Are you sure? It’s a little tight.”
Thanks for reading! If you like the story so far, let me know, and maybe tell your friends! ;)
“You know what I’d like to see, Dean? I’d like to see Cas hold you down with those hands and fuck you with that cock. What do you think of that?”
Dean curled his arms around Beverly, and hauled her up so that her back was pressed against his chest. One hand roughly kneading her breast, the other rubbing her clit, he thrust up into her, hard. Dean could feel Cas' gaze on them, and imagined how they looked to eyes: Beverly hot and writhing against his body, tits bouncing as he fucked her. She came, tossing her head back with a moan, and Dean captured her mouth with his. As he kissed her deep, Dean realized he was tasting Cas on her lips. He buried his face in her neck and came, spots bursting before his eyes. Through his lashes, Dean could see Cas watching, dazed and wide-eyed.
he’ll have to remember to ask
There’s a dry rasp in Dean’s voice when he asks, “You gonna tell me what the plan is here, Cas?”
it. He’d almost been afraid he would never feel it again. And he knew, he
"I’m not telling you no," Anna says, soothing. "But please, talk to her first. Salwa served you for a long time. Now she gets to rest. And you have the chance to do something for her."
But Cas is looking to him, saying, "I don’t remember. I don’t understand."
“No, no,” Dean protested. “If we’re ever in a bind, and you need to drive Baby, you need to know how she handles.” He breathed deeply. “Besides, I trust you,” he said, as much of a reminder to himself as it was to Cas.
Cas, who has been watching the argument with head-tilting befuddlement, opens his mouth to say, “I don’t understand what’s going--”
"My only point was that the Mexican place is a little fancier," Sam says defensively.
Cas fixes his gaze on Anna. Anna stares at the house, and doesn’t waver.
Dean snickered. Not only was Wendy a flirt, but she was quick on the uptake. He liked her.
“Don’t say it like that. Look, he’s been blown up and dissolved and burned to ash and reconstructed so many times, it’s not even the same body. It’s more like… your dead father’s really identical twin,” Dean says with an audible cringe.
She nods.
Dean sat in the impala while Sam went back to burn the bodies. The two boys they had saved had fallen asleep in the back seat. Dean watched them in the rear-view mirror and smiled.
When they got out of the elevator, Beverly announced her apartment number. Dean caught her by the elbow, and let Cas walk ahead.
“Who’s that?” Dean asks.
"It’s been a while, Anael," Cas says. He puts his hands in his pockets, and takes a few casual steps away from her.
“Well, Kalidasa’s work was exceptional as well,” Cas allowed. “And Dante wasn’t bad, I suppose.”
“I don’t know,” Cas says waspishly. “But Uriel hates humanity and has a fixation with Lucifer. Jack is half-human and wants nothing to do with Lucifer.” He dodges around a tombstone, glaring at it for daring to exist in his path. “We at least need to save Jack from an extremely unpleasant social situation.”
Cas frowned in confusion. “But we just got back.”
Richard leans even closer and asks, "What’s the point of all this?"
The corner of Sam’s mouth ticked up, in that smug I-know-you-better-than-you-know-yourself half-smile that Sam sometimes got. It bugged the hell out of Dean.
Dean whimpers.
Dean beckons Jack towards the kitchen. He extends his arm as Jack draws close; it hovers for a moment before settling on Jack’s shoulder.
. A primordial urge to consume. But more than that, to be taken within, to inhabit, to possess, to
Cas shrugged and ducked his head. “The company I’ve been keeping lately may be rubbing off on me.”
Dean laughs loudly, his eyes dance bright around the table, his fingers tap a nervous rhythm next to his plate, his knee bounces under the table. Cas shifts his position until his leg brushes against Dean’s and their calves slide against each other. Dean takes a breath, and stills.
“No, you’re not,” Dean said, in what he hoped was a kind tone.
take care of him. Cas feels like he could break apart from the joy, from the relief of it. He can see warmth pooling at Dean’s core and spreading out, see the peace he feels at being touched like this. And Cas is proud, and grateful.
“If you hate me, you don't have to help rebuild,” Cas says, finally. “But please don't deliberately cause problems for Jack.”
“Look, I know I ain’t good at…” Dean laughs, a short, sharp sound. “God, at being ‘out’, ‘cause that’s what I am now, I guess.” He swallows uneasily. “But… I can work on it.”
appropriately dark and secluded, especially when Dean leaves the main lights off, and allows the room to be lit only by the neon jukebox and promotional beer signs.
Cas flattens his mouth in reply, but stays put.
Dean strides out the door, and Cas follows.
"This is what it is to feel," he says, and there’s conviction in his voice. "It breaks you. It hurts. This is what it is to live."
It suddenly seems to Dean like the most logical thing he can do is go to Castiel and kiss him. He doesn’t examine the thought, because this is Purgatory, there’s no one to judge him, and he might not even make it out alive, so what does it matter? He does it.
“I have no secrets,” she continues. “Rachel and Hester came to me because they feel lost. I mean, look at it from their perspective. They were model soldiers, devoted to god. But you won their loyalty, Castiel. And then they were devoted to you. And you let them down.”
Cas backs away from Dean to sit on the edge of the bed. With some trepidation Dean follows, and sits next to him.
“Does the theatre have closed captions?” Eileen asks.
“Nah.” Dean laughed nervously. “I’m, uh, I’m having a bit of a crisis here.”
Anael quirks an eyebrow. “You really need
It's been a while since I've played Werewolf; this may not be an accurate depiction of the game.
That kiss was everything Dean had imagined it should be. If he had ever imagined what it would be like to kiss Cas. Which he hadn’t.
He doesn’t have to wait long for Claire’s response this time.
Dean glances at Cas for his reaction, looking desperately cheerful.
Dean smiled weakly back, but it didn’t fix the fact that
Anna’s edges flare blue in irritation.
Dean thought, smiling to himself.
Cas squeezes Dean’s shoulders gently, finds the knots of tension, and presses in with his fingers, with the heel of his palm. Dean groans softly and begins to relax.
“No, we’re not,” Dean replies. “Kinda the opposite of that actually.”
“Whatever, kiss your boyfriend.”
“Anna and Castiel. Isn’t this a familiar scene?”
The next moment, Cas wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist and Dean felt himself being hauled up, so his back was flush with Cas’ chest. Cas finally took Dean’s cock in hand and started jacking him off. Dean jerked into his grip, fucking himself on Cas’ cock still inside him.
And the way Cas had answered,
“Cuz she wants both of us."
Cas jerks his head, gesturing towards a shape on the ground ahead of them. As Dean’s trying to make out what it is, Cas leans towards him, until his lips brush against Dean’s ear.
“Yeah, I haven’t been sleeping so great,” Dean explained, unzipping his duffle and rooting around for something to sleep in.
“The other newly resurrected angels are arguing again,” he says. “I should get back.”
“Yeah, of course.” Dean thinks back to the bedroom, with it’s huge glass display case, filled with wings. He shudders, and sits down next to the angel.
“Maybe they are.” Anna holds the frisbee in one hand, and traces the ridges around its edge with the other. “All prisoners of circumstance. And in Heaven we’re the circumstance.”
He’s getting used to Purgatory. If he wasn’t, if his actions meant the same thing here as they did in that other life, then, well then there would be a whole lot of different meanings to consider. But Dean’s getting used to Purgatory, so it’s easy to go from fighting for his life alongside an angel, to pulling that angel up against his body and pressing his lips to Castiel’s. Cas is easy, with his hands and his mouth and his body, eager, with those eyes that radiate something that washes over Dean. Here, tearing through a horde of corrupted beasts, and getting off with Cas in whatever moments are free from danger and exhaustion, mean the same thing to Dean. It means being alive and being connected and living in that exact moment when everything is easy.
With a sharp intake of breath, Cas’ eyes widened, and he looked away from Dean. “Oh.”
The power went out. Not literally. Just in Dean’s brain.
“No,” Cas insists. “No, he just hadn’t had enough time.”
“I love you.”
Eileen nods seriously.
He slides into bed with Dean, and it’s as if nothing else exists outside of the four walls of the bedroom. He curls against Dean’s back, wrapping one arm around his waist and pressing his palm to Dean’s heart, tucks his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. He gets lost in the rhythm of Dean’s heartbeat, of his breaths, slow and meditative, and it’s a relief to let his concerns about Heaven melt away, until all that’s left is the warmth of Dean’s skin, and the softness of the bed that they share.
Cas nods in approval.
Dean wishes that Cas would look at him. But even with Cas’ eyes closed, Dean can see the internal conflict play across his face. Doubt, longing, fondness, fear, Dean can put a name to every twitch and wrinkle. And he knows what Cas needs to hear.
Cas looked at him for a long moment, soft and fond.
“I mean it, you know,” Jody says, her tone softened by sincerity. “I understand what a big deal this is, and I’m proud of you.”
Dean’s smile twitches, and he laughs weakly. “What?”
Castiel feels a tug at the core of his being. Something that says to him without words,
Dean grinned. “Yeah?”
Cas took a steadying breath, and calmed himself; as Dean felt his heart thunder in his chest and blood pound in his skull.
Cas turned his head just enough to give Dean a look that said he didn’t appreciate being patronized.
Dean watches his friend for a reaction while Cas avoids his gaze. Finally Castiel mutters, "We should be on our way.”
to stop doing that."
back.
When they kiss, the mess of emotions that Cas picks up from Dean narrows down, becomes simple. But not for very long.
But there had also been so much love. So much bright, honest love that Dean could get lost in it. He wanted to get lost in it, to sink into the feeling and hold onto it forever. That love was just as painful to discover, because Dean had gone for so long without realizing it was there. Or he
The laughter dies down at the sound of Claire’s chair scraping back from the table.
Dean keeps a promise to Castiel.
Richard nods vigorously. "So, would you say that life is a trial that we go through, to earn a chance to be free?"
Mary Winchester spends a lot of time in her kitchen. She's not baking this time, but she is at the kitchen table with Dean. A wide sheet of paper is spread out in front of them, dotted with pools of brightly-coloured paint. Mary uses her fingers to pull the paint into graceful flowers and elegant abstract shapes. Dean slams his palms into the paper and gleefully smears the colors around.
Cas nuzzles into Dean’s neck and holds him tighter. Dean looked like he needed a hug, and Cas doesn’t intend to let him off easy.
“No, Dean!” Cas interrupted, half-way between incredulous and angry.
Cas passes Dean a grocery bag, and Dean shoots him a "Thanks babe," and a wink. Cas feels his skin heating up; that wink is enough to make him want to pull Dean close and kiss the smirk off his face. But Cas is very aware that Sam is still in the room, and it was clear yesterday that Dean prefers to keep his displays of affection private.
And Cas is so, so grateful that he gets to see Dean like this, when he’s afraid and unsure, that he gets to comfort him, and that he gets to kiss him afterwards. So he does kiss him. His hand finds Dean’s and closes around it, and then Cas steps back and starts leading Dean towards the hall. There’s an awkward tilt to Dean’s mouth, unaccustomed as he is to hand-holding, but he follows Cas easily.
Dean beamed and nodded. “Right?”
“I…” Dean paused as he looked at Sam. His brother was so happy, and so tired. Dean didn’t have the heart to lay all his worries on Sam’s shoulders. The suspicion that just when Dean thought he was free, something had decided to start messing with them again.
Strangely, the thought made Dean’s stomach churn. Like seeing Pinocchio turn into a real boy, but it's just human skin pulled over a wooden frame.
Cas looked at him wide-eyed, and reached out to caress his face. Dean was confused, but he allowed the touch.
A sick feeling settles in Dean’s gut as he makes his way to the chasm, and looks over the edge. He can’t see the bottom. He keeps looking anyways, as if by staring he can intimidate the darkness into revealing its secrets. And for a second, the walls of the cavern are illuminated. By the kind of light that would come from an angel smiting a monster. Or from something else happening to an angel.
“We’re not even two hours out, Sam!”
“We’re just banging chicks together.”
It is a basic human need that has grown to be so much more. Castiel has known what it is to
Anna practically glows with sincerity when she says, "You can make something beautiful for her, Benjamin."
Thanks for reading! You can find me on tumblr as angelinthefire, and reblog the post with this fic
The two of them are stars in the night sky, and Heaven is spread out below them, a patchwork of small worlds and paradises.
He’s rewarded when Dean lets the robe drop to the floor. The angles of his body are softened by the warm light of the desk lamp, and Cas’ eyes rake over his skin, every inch that he’s touched, that he’s marked.
His worries are cut across by Anna’s voice, calling to him.
“Do you want to stop?” Maureen asked, her voice suddenly calm and passionless.
Dean draws the angel blade just as a beast comes flying at him, and slashes it’s throat. The fighting falls into a familiar rhythm, no thought, just instinct. Cutting, stabbing, surviving.
Dean hums to himself as he pushes eggs around the pan. He’d added dill and some of Sam’s goat cheese, and it’s smelling good enough to override the nausea of his hangover.
"Well, good."
developed a detailed plan. There were still a few more Westerns on the docket, but after
making an effort, and it’s for
"Ha! What’d I tell you, Cas?" Dean grins widely and thumps Jack on the back. "Great job, kid."
, he wanted to answer.
Dean lifted his head, and shouted back, “Yeah, yeah, just give us a minute!” He then collapsed back on the pillow.
"But that would have faded over time. And there’s something about being with you that makes me…”
“She was an abomina…” Uriel trails off under the combined stares of Cas, Anna and Jack.
He thinks that he'd like for Dean to teach him how to cook.
Cas nods.
Dean huffs out a relieved laugh. He blinks away the wetness in his eyes and nods. “Yeah, we do.”
“Fuck me while I suck him off?” she breathed against his lips.
Dean recognized that “so”. It meant that Sam wanted to have A Conversation. Dean sighed, and prepared himself. He also grabbed one of every flavour of Jell-o off the shelves.
“Well, no… But there’s also a taxidermist!” Sam deflects.
Wendy reached for Cas and pulled him down to kiss her ferociously. Dean watched, their lips crushed together, their heads turning, kissing deeper. Wendy’s other hand was still curling reflexively in the sheets, and Dean reached out and held it. Her fingers tightened around his. When Cas eventually shifted off of her to remove his condom, Dean slid closer, and kissed her too. As though he could kiss Cas off of her lips.
“Why would I? You always meet someone.” Cas turned his head in the mirror, inspecting his work. He nodded, satisfied.
And so, Dean, Sam, and Cas had gone out to celebrate. They’d ended up in the kind of bar where the floors were sticky and the doors to the bathroom stalls hung off their hinges, but also where there were enough microbrews on tap to warrant a menu, and the bartender had a manbun and a handlebar moustache. A step up from their regular dives, with a clientele that was young and just shy of being insufferably hipsterish.
Cas sighs. “Well, they, uh…”
“Oh, no!” Kelly says adamantly. “It’s not like that at all! I’m so lucky. My son is here. I get to see the person he’s becoming, every day.”
And then Dean is back, and his emotions are still unreadable, partially buzzing, partially whirlpooling, but it’s a familiar mess, because it’s Dean, and the bunker feels like home again.
Cas blinked and nodded. “Yes. That… that makes sense.”
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets and rocks on his feet. “Come back soon, y’hear?”
“Jack, give them some privacy," Cas murmurs to him.
As soon as they hit the bar, Dean’s heart rate jacked up. Before anything else could happen they had to meet a woman, but Dean’s thoughts kept skipping ahead to the end of the night. To Cas being “a more active participant.”
from Kaia sounds over the phone like a gunshot, and Cas feels like it hits him in the gut. He shrinks back against the wall in the hallway, but he can’t bring himself to stop listening.
“Well I didn’t think he’d do it,” she grumbles. And then says, more forcefully, “Okay, you made your point, you can stop now.”
. Not “gay” like Sam’s frou-frou salads and country music, but an honest-to-god rainbow flag-waving gay
Uriel and Inias follow, while Jack looks expectantly to Cas.
appreciate Sam’s tone. “What’s
Okay, let's see if I can update weekly instead of every two weeks.
Dean’s expression goes blank and stiff.
His gaze drifts to find Anna, the force of millenia of habit. He watches her place a crown of clovers on her grandmother's head.
“You’ve been watching humans for thousands of years, right?” Kevin asked, gesturing with his fork at Cas.
In a second, all of Sam’s patience evaporated from his expression. He pursed his lips and flared his nostrils.
“Like you three, right?” Jack says.
Dean fumbles with the angel blade with one hand, while bracing his other arm against the thing’s throat. He clumsily drives the blade through the thing’s chest, and it dissolves.
"About what?" Jack asks in a friendly tone, though Cas can feel his suspicion.
“How ‘bout I let you guys catch up?” Sam says, getting to his feet without waiting for an answer.
Eventually Eileen shakes her head and smiles.
But he doesn’t feel any less helpless than before.
For a while, Dean trusted that Beverly was taking care of Cas. Her mouth travelled slowly from his neck to his chest to his stomach, and her shoulder flexed as she worked his cock with her hand, drawing moans and sighs from his lips. So Dean focused on her. He trailed kisses down her spine, making her shiver. The hand on her breasts alternated between squeezing, pinching her nipples just hard enough, and soothing caresses. With his other hand he found her clit, and rubbed at a pace that made her unconsciously roll her hips, occasionally dipping his fingers between the folds of her cunt. His mouth moved lower down her back. Hit bit the soft flesh of her ass, and then dragged his tongue over her rim.
Sam furrowed his brow in surprise. “But it’s early.”
“Here, just let me,” Dean sighed.
. It didn’t go according to plan.
Dean smirks. “I won’t, but only if you quit smoking.”
Dean, Cas and Jack stand alone under the night sky.
When Beverly drew back, she had a wicked grin on her face.
Castiel doesn’t answer, just purses his lips casts his gaze downwards.
And so, selfishly, Dean shut his mouth. He clenched his fist in his lap. And if he nodded in approval when Gaga belted “I was born to be brave” with just a bit of growl in her voice, and Cas hummed along, well. That was between Dean, Cas, and Baby.
He hears Dean whisper next to his ear, “Thanks buddy.”
“Dean…”
“Okay, okay, I get it,” Dean concedes. “No more Westerns.”
“- I told them to search everywhere. And we found you, in a remote, filthy corner; already darkened and polluted -”
“I’m gonna…”
"Mm." Cas tightens his arm around Dean, pulls him closer. "Go back to sleep."
Cas thinks, as the events of the day come together to form a clearer picture in his mind.
“Hello? … Yes, this is assistant director Cash, who’s speaking?” He shot Dean a significant look and stood up, peppering in “Mm hm”s and “I see”s as he made his way out to the parking lot.
Kevin, however, did notice.
“We’re not,” Cas replies. “Take off your shirt.”
"My apologies. Angel-hearing."
“I’m glad tonight happened,” he said. He hesitated for a breath, and smiled shyly. But his eyes were gleaming and direct when he said, “It was an honour to bring you pleasure.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Cas,
Cas swayed as Dean stepped away from him, chasing his lips.
care enough to give
Dean didn’t even think to protest. Cocooned in the steam, with the soothing hum of Maureen’s voice, he felt safe. He felt her narrow, soft hands glide across his stomach and down his thighs. He felt Cas’ hands, broad and steady, moving in circles up his back, and scrubbing into his hair. Bit by bit, Dean felt muscles that he hadn’t even known were taut start to relax.
“Cas, I’m so close,” Dean says, his voice shaking. “Cas, Cas,
Dean shudders at the thought. Whether in distaste or anticipation, Dean doesn’t consider.
“Hi!” Eileen says, with a bright flash of teeth.
Dean put the car in park, but left the keys in the ignition. He popped a cassette in the tape deck, grinning as the steady thrum of electric guitar sounded from the speakers, and “Whole Lotta Love” began to play.
Cas frowned. “I enjoyed the Clint Eastwood movies.”
“So next time I’ll just let you fall?” Cas says, and there’s no sarcasm to his tone, just exhaustion.
“Yes ma’am,” Dean answered easily, with a proud smile.
Dean stalks into the ramshackle one-room building. It looks like it ended up on the wrong side of a match-up between a wendigo and a chuppacabra, and it probably did. He finds a relatively debris-free corner, huddles up in it, and without so much as a word to Cas, falls asleep.
Richard looks on, dazed but happy, until his jaw drops open and he starts walking forward as if in a trance. He stops in front of a young man who he hasn’t seen in decades, a childhood friend who died in a car crash after their freshman year in college. Richard claps a hand on his shoulder, and stares, tears spilling from his eyes, before pulling him close.
Anna’s parents catch her.
“Well, yeah." Dean was trying to play it cool, to set a good example for Cas, fighting back the goofy grin that Dean knew would spread across his face the moment he let it.
bother to set rules in the first place if
"Do you see what the problem is?" Cas asks.
After a very, very long shower, Dean was getting dressed for a night out. He pulled his jeans and shirt on in short, jerky movements, laced with frustration, thinking about how many shots he’d have to do before he’d be able to put the day’s hunt behind him.
"I still think it's Dean," Cas says.
“Cas. Think about what we could have,” Dean says softly, almost cooing. Sliding a hand up Cas’ face to tangle his fingers in his hair, hearing Cas sigh at the touch. “Everything you want. I saw it, and I’m telling you it’s yours.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean froze.
Their teeth clack as Dean shoves himself off of Cas. Cas catches a glimpse of him, red-faced and wide-eyed, before he ducks his head and turns away.
“I think they’d want to see you,” he says.
"Remember:" Dean said, low and serious. "It’s not about speed or strength. It's about control, and it’s about confidence. Move smooth and steady."
"Because you killed him," Jack responds smoothly.
"I don’t know." She looks around as if expecting a clue to jump out from behind a corner. "There’s lots of fans of this place."
“Maybe,” Cas allowed. “What’s next on the curriculum?”
Claire often reminds Castiel of Dean. At moments like this, when Claire is very clearly radiating emotions, but they’re too many and too complicated for Cas to unwind, he wishes that the two didn’t share so much in common.
The grin that spreads across Cas’ face is just as giddy and proud as the one that Jack wears.
“Go easy on him,” Eileen admonishes.
"Oh! I don’t want to miss that," Cas said with more enthusiasm than Dean had heard since kickoff.
The lightbulbs buzz and flicker before Cas manages to get himself under control. Then Dean is tugging at Cas’ hair, angling his head, to turn the kiss into something more deliberate, something deeper. He holds Cas’ head in place and Cas feels Dean’s tongue slide against his. Cas drinks in his kiss like it’s the blood of the covenant, drinks in the feeling of Dean’s
“You can’t be here,” Castiel says, thinking that he’s seeing things again.
Another few minutes of silence, as they watch Aaila terrorize Playmobil men with the robot dog.
Claire stares at Jack for a long moment. Then she starts gathering the playing cards and mixing them up.
Cas took a bite. His eyes widened, and hummed in a way that could only be described as sensual.
“I was wrong,” Cas continued, just as a thrust hit the right spot, making Dean gasp in pleasure. Any uneasiness flew from his mind in that moment, only to creep back as Cas kept talking. “You aren’t my vessel, but when we’re like this, I... I feel...”
"Just a question about Heaven."
“Can you lie on the bed? On your stomach,” Cas instructs him.
“And?”
They listened to the entire album together.
Cas shrinks in on himself at that, and Dean feels a pang of sympathy in his gut. But he knows that Cas won’t accept what he has to say if there’s a hint that Dean’s being less than honest about any of it, so he powers on.
what then, but it was
She looks up at him with raised eyebrows, and it’s enough for Cas to know that she means to say, “He
He tries not to sound wounded when he says, “I don’t think we could ever be mistaken for normal.”
Dean felt like he had just kicked a puppy.
close to the shoulder.  “Who pissed in your cornflakes?”
Dean feels like going out at night and just finding something to kill, has to keep reminding himself that he can’t, because monsters don’t roam around at will on earth.
Dean stopped short.
Claire turns to him, eyes wide in surprise. “No one,” she says automatically.
“I…” Cas starts.
“Hey,” Dean says softly, and smiles when Cas’ attention snaps back to him.
Cas was sitting back on his heels, his face flushed, hair tousled, lips swollen pink and hanging open. His body was toned and lean, posture military straight even now, and his dick hard and at attention. His eyes followed Maureen’s hands as they caressed Dean’s torso, sliding between his legs.
It was just a movie. But Dean felt inexplicably unsettled by the way the situation had gotten away from him.
“What, are you guys fighting again? Dean, he just got back,” Cas can hear Claire say, voice fuzzed-up by the phone reception.
I have not watched "Love Is Blind", only the Jarvis Johnson video about it.
"Hey," Dean says in mock offense. "It’s your own fault you stink up the place with tofu."
Cas watches Anna go to the front door, raise her hand, and knock. He sees Amy come to the door. Her eyes go wide and she calls for her husband. He runs to join her.
When he’s done, Cas doesn’t stop touching Dean. He caresses his skin, smooths it over. To let Dean know that he will never stop treating him gently.
Sam, Dean and Cas had just ordered when Sam’s phone rang.
Cas takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. When he opens them again he looks calm and contemplative. He turns his attention back to the creatures on the other side of the trees.
Cas wonders if he’s supposed to be annoyed at this turn of events. Because he’s not. He’s pleased.
“You killed me,” Balthazar says sharply, and Cas does his best not to flinch. “And now I'm just supposed to accept your rules?”
Cas opens his mouth to explain his own relationship with gender, but then decides it's not the most important thing at the moment.
Sam had taken the Impala back to the hotel, so Dean and Cas hailed a cab. It wasn’t cheap, but Dean thought it was worth it.
Claire snickers and crooks an eyebrow at his t-shirt. "Your other ride is a tractor?"
(See the end of the chapter for
With a dull clatter, Anna drops the frisbee onto the boardroom table, and gets to her feet. Cas follows her.
Anna builds a backyard. It stretches on for acres, with bright sunlit patches of thick grass, and cool spots of shade under swaying willows. There’s a barbeque for grilling, and coolers for beer and salads in plastic-wrapped bowls. Lawn chairs dot the edges of the yard, set up in intimate circles, and there’s a sprinkler for kids to run through, as well as soccer balls and frisbees. In the centre of it all is a picnic table, sturdy and long, with space enough for an entire neighbourhood to sit.
“Holy, Holy God of power and love. Heaven and earth are full of your glory. Hosanna…”
Cas nodded with a faint smile. “I won’t.”
recover.”
yes. Yes yes yes.”
Cas feels himself cresting over the peak. He looks into Dean’s eyes, and he can, he
Cas nods.
Dean shut his eyes, and let the words hit him. Like the answer to a question he hadn’t known he’d been asking. He swallowed and took a shaky breath. “And before that?”
Dean reaches for Cas’ tie and reels him in. At the tug of fabric around his neck Cas feels a  jolt of arousal; a response he suspects is becoming Pavlovian. Then Dean is kissing him, kissing him the way he did that first night, the way an anchor kisses the sea floor. And whatever else is going on doesn’t matter anymore, because Cas has this: this kiss, and Dean in his arms.
Dean and Cas aren't alone in the bunker anymore.
"Hm." Richard is back to leaning towards Cas, an intense look of concentration on his face. "Alright, so you’re saying that the freedom of Heaven isn’t a reward, and isn’t meant to be better than life. It clearly isn't a new state of being because my individual consciousness is still intact and doesn’t feel all that different. And it’s not eternal rest either -- I know that because Al from the second pew on the right has been here all day, and I can’t get to the potato salad without listening to him complain about the school board for fifteen minutes."
He took her hand, at which point Beverly seemed to register that she was trying to pick up a guy at a bar by shaking his hand. She blushed lightly, but committed to her decision, and shook back firmly.
“Really?” he says somberly. “Now why do you think I can help with -- oop!” The serious act falls away as Richard grasps his daughter by the ankles, and starts swinging her in a wide arc through the air.
Cas relaxes at Dean's reassurance. He turns to Sam and starts to tell his story. “The deal was for Jack’s life. Mine for his.”
Cas frowns. “I could wear my suit.”
Richard shakes his head. "I’m not… I’m not getting it." He looks at Cas expectantly, waiting for the key to the universe.
“Yeah?”
But there’s an unmistakable note of regret in Dean’s voice when he says, "I always wanted you with me. You didn't know?"
“Howdy Jeb,” Dean greets the man behind the counter when they go up to pay. “How’s business?”
Claire does a double-take, but she wordlessly passes Cas the cigarette anyways.
Gabriel smiles over his shoulder. “Oh, hey Castiel, what’s up?”
“I think it’s because, when I felt Jack for the first time, everything changed,” she explains, gazing fondly at her son. He smiles bashfully back. “What was important to me, what I believed. And then I died. I don’t know who I would have become. I just know that my heaven now, wouldn’t be what I thought it was before.”
"Yeah, you and Eileen can neaten up a bit," Dean says as he unpacks spices and packages of bacon. "There's dust bunnies in the library big enough for their own journal entry." He barks out a laugh at his own joke, and there’s a brittleness to the sound, a brittleness to the bursts of happiness that Cas picks up from him.
“What do you want to ask?”
Cas nods abruptly.
"What the hell, man!" Dean says, demonstrably offended. "Why?"
He crouched down to feed quarters into the table. Sam leaned against the pool table next to him.
“Oh.” Cas turned to Dean, his blue eyes sharp and evaluating. His brow furrowed as he studied Dean’s face. “You think this is something I should do.”
Cas watches him disappear into the house with the others, and then turns sharply.
“Look what I found!” she announces.
“Well,” Jody says, punctuating the word with a slap on the table top. “Let’s talk about something fun now. Cas, how did you and Dean end up together?”
Dean swiveled around. “What’s that s’posed to mean?” he demanded, as Cas objected, “Dean’s not obnoxious.”
Cas tilts his head, unsure what Jack is getting at.
“Babe, I don’t think you’re gonna need all of those with us here,” Dean said with a cocky smirk.
“I’m not…” Dean grumbles. Summoning as much dignity as possible, he says, “We make love, okay?”
"It’s good!" Jack says, happily switching topic. "Anna is really cool, and Uriel is funny."
He could practically hear Sam shrug. “I was just gonna say Gaga’s a great singer. And, well, driver picks the music…” he teased, in a tone that clearly said he was expecting Dean to object.
? Cas was nothing if not a rebel, so that was sure to be a dead end.
in the mix. He made the drive with Metallica blaring the whole way, the dark, growling sound matching his mood. As much as he tried not to check Cas’ reactions in the rear-view, he couldn’t help notice the way Cas stared vacantly out the window, a frown twisting his lips, tension in his shoulders.
Cas closes his eyes. He hears Dean pray.
Cas takes Dean somewhere he's been wanting to go.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jody, Dean and Jack raise their hands. Slowly, Claire puts her hand in the air too.
Cas lets himself be led towards the tree-line. “I don’t like to make you worry.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling. "Hypothetically… triceratops."
Castiel is next to him.
Dean’s first thought is,
"Okay, everyone who thinks it's Dean, hands up."
Dean looked at Sam askance. He’d been expecting Sam to say something uncomfortable but he didn’t even know what that question
“O… kay?” Inias agrees.
There’s a second when the pause Dean takes goes from natural to awkward.
As far as Cas is concerned, now Sam is just being irritating. “What do you mean?”
“I do,” Cas concedes fondly.
Cas tilts his head, in equal parts concern and curiosity.
Cas turns his stare on the cottage, as if he can see through to it’s soul as he does with Dean. Slowly, he nods.
“Okay, not the point.”
“Oh, he doesn’t matter,” she says with a small laugh. “You can take him right up to the gate yourself.” Eve steps even closer, her voice turning soft and gentle. “You can watch him cross over. Catch a glimpse of home.” She whispers, “But
On the lawn, a child trips and falls, and starts to cry as the rest of the kids play on without him.
random men, for that matter. Nor am I interested in properly dating any of them, or forming a long-term relationship with anyone else. All I want is you.”
When they get to the bedroom, Dean says, “Thought we weren’t having sex right now?”
Then Castiel and Balthazar are alone for the first time since Castiel killed him.
“And I hear that Cas repaid you for your kindness, didn’t he Anna?”
Dean knew he’d won this round.
He takes Cas by the shoulders and pins him against the wall. The angel’s eyes go wide, and Dean knows full well that this was a part of Purgatory they’d agreed to leave behind (or was it just him?). Dean leans in close until his breath is ghosting over Cas’ lips, and he hears Cas inhale sharply in anticipation.
He saw one woman peel off from the group after much encouragement from her friends. She had glossy black hair, wore a halter top with skinny jeans, and walked with increasing confidence the closer she got to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack sneaks another glance at Cas.
“Dean, you can ask for what you want.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean said, whipping around to face his brother.
Dean nods absently. “Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” He sets off again, determination in his stride.
Castiel’s voice is firm, his mind made up. “The best chance you have of staying alive and getting somewhere remotely safe is if I-”
Dean pays, shoves the shopping bag full of clothes at Cas, and grunts a “See ya” at Jeb.
Dean grumbled an incoherent response, and turned to look out the mouth of the cave.
“A plan?”
“Coming right up!” And Marie bustles off.
Sam narrowed his eyes skeptically. “Then what
Hosanna in the highest.
“No!” Inias says sharply, making Jack blink in surprise. “No, they don’t like that. I found that out the hard way.”
“She’s a grown-up!” Jody shrugs. “Also, she told me she quit.”
Dean’s face is flat and blank as he stands and pulls his t-shirt over his head. “Don’t think about it too hard. You’re back now.”
Dean shuddered. It felt like an invasion. It felt
), he has to be (he
“Still gross,” Dean mumbles.
“Okay…” Sam says, drawing out the last syllable.
And Castiel can
Dean woke up to dog slobber and hot breath, and Miracle’s fur tickling his nose.
Cas' eyes, sapphire jewels on his slowly turning rings, focus on Anna. Castiel has fallen, died, killed his siblings, been abandoned by God and family alike, but nothing compared to the devastation he felt in those days after Jack lost his soul. He tries to transmit the feeling to Anna through his eyes, his voice.
He turns to face her. Anna is glaring furiously at Naomi. But she doesn’t try to argue that Cas won’t fail.
Cas sat up a little straighter under the praise. “I
“So you’re not mad?” Dean asks when Cas draws back.
Dean looks to Cas with an easy-going smile that’s belied by the fact that his cheeks are turning red. He ticks his head towards shotgun.
Before Jack can reply, Inias cuts in. “I don’t understand why you would even
Eileen leans conspiratorially towards Cas, and doesn’t waste any time getting to the point.
Dean dropped his duffle bag on the dresser and started rooting around for his toothbrush.
Maureen asked, “Dean, how do you feel?”
Beverly twirled her hair around her finger. “If you wanna team up with me, yeah.”
Kelly clasps Jack’s hand where it rests on the table. He looks at her with tears glistening in his eyes.
“Hearing my moans echo around the room?” Dean’s voice drops to a deep whisper, and Cas can’t help watching how Dean’s lips form around the words, “Oh, Cas… Cas-ti-el…” his tongue lingering against his teeth on the last syllable. “And every time you see that map, knowing that you had me here?”
Cas lifts his hand, and then drops it, setting the needle on the library's record player. With a snap of his fingers, it turns on, and the sound of Freddy Mercury singing "I want to break free" fills the room. He turns his fingers, adjusting the volume to block out any more outbursts from the kitchen.
“Hello!” Jack says brightly. “I’m Jack!”
"Death comes for us all,” he returns, warily.
Dean blinks, confused. “You were pretty down with the touching a second ago.”
he was ready for.
As soon as Cas said those words, the interlude started. Cymbals, disjointed vocals, and grinding guitar distortion bouncing across the stereo speakers. Cas narrowed his eyes and tilted his head, adjusting to the change. Dean felt his heart flutter in anticipation. He watched raptly as Cas’ eyes fell closed, and then his lips fell open, and then the smile returned.
Dean nods. “Right.”
"Yes," Cas breathes.
Cas feels the wave of relief that washes over Dean, and doesn’t miss the way Dean’s eyes fall to stare at his lips.
Eileen’s hands hover for a moment as she settles on the right word.
, yes,” he sighed in relief, as his cock was engulfed in hot pressure. As he hit home, Beverly hummed in pleasure, and Dean could see Cas shiver and gasp at the vibrations.
Dean mentally noted that he’d have to explain to Cas how the subtle-kick-under-the-table was supposed to work. But that could wait. For now, Dean pulled out a chair and sat down across from Cas.
, because he's
Dean scowls. “Whatever, drink your beer.”
Dean was humming to himself as he strode into the hotel room. He was still relaxed, still feeling good, still not thinking terribly hard about anything. He didn’t bother flipping the light switch, just tossed his jacket on a nearby chair and headed towards his bed.
“No,” Cas answered simply.
Anna nods vigorously. “So you’re just stuck with a shadow play.”
Cas feels Dean’s chest starts to shake before the giggles burst from his mouth. The sound is infectious, and before he knows it, Cas is laughing too. And Dean is so relaxed, and bright, and
With a snap of Gabriel’s fingers, the music from the nightclub cuts out, the poker players freeze, and the smoke hangs perfectly still in the air. He turns his chair around so he can face Cas properly.
“Yeah. Ready as I’ll ever be,” he said easily, not giving himself a chance to think about
Cas wants to say that it’s not the same. That Cas loves Dean in the way that Dean cut off pieces of Castiel, fashioned them into a heart, and put it back in a place that had no room for one. And his love hurts, and bleeds, but it beats, and it makes him feel alive like nothing else. And Dean can’t possibly love him the same way, Cas wouldn’t want him to. It’s too painful.
Sam blushes. “I wasn’t…”
Sam has questions for Cas. About the Empty, the angels, heaven.
The lightbulb over the table pops, showering the table with glass.
Inias nods as if he’s taking mental notes. Uriel stares wistfully at Kelly and Jack’s joined hands.
And Cas doesn’t know what to say.
"He’s lying!" Kaia insists. "He thinks you’ll all believe him because he’s omniscient, but he’s lying!"
Mary glides over to John and kisses him hello, squishing Dean between them.
buttons. “But Anderson is an auteur.”
“You alright?” Sam asks, shifting his attention to Dean at the movement.
Dean repeated as he drew his thumb down Cas’ jaw and across his lips. “That’s love, right?”
Cas nods thoughtfully and rounds the counter to take Dean’s strawberry-stained hand in his. He allows Dean only a moment of confusion as he contemplates his reddened fingertips. Then Cas raises Dean’s hand and takes his finger in his mouth.
"Really? That's what you're going with?" Dean throws his arms up. “You can vote me out if you want, but you’re just gonna end up with another dead villager."
Cas turns.
And part of him felt like it
Dean cringes. Cas closes his hand over Dean's where he grips the edge of the counter.
He doesn’t know what to make of it. Though he supposes that Dean has always unsettled him in one way or another.
He brought his hands up to Cas’ face, curled his fingers in the hair behind his ears, and rested their foreheads together. He felt Cas relax into his touch, could almost hear his smile through his sigh. Dean took a breath, and made a choice. He thought that maybe his choice made him weak, made him less than the man John Winchester had raised. And Dean couldn’t say that he didn’t care, he
Sam’s face scrunched up. “He already
He watched Cas’ face—the crease of his brow, the flutter and snap of his eyelids, the way he would catch his lower lip between his teeth before letting his mouth fall open again—and imagined what Beverly must be doing to him to get those reactions. Licking up his shaft, sucking at his head, taking him deep in her throat and swallowing around him. The thought sent a tingling sensation to the base of his spine.
“Unless you don’t want to,” Dean says.
Anna turns to look at him, a melancholy smile on her face. “Did you come here to argue with me, Cas?”
The staring, the dry remarks, are so familiar, so
“I can’t believe you convinced me to vote against my own girlfriend,” Claire groans, sinking into her chair.
Cas catches Jack's eye and shakes his head minutely. Just as subtly, Jack nods.
“Oh.” Cas smiles ruefully, and explains, “I’ve been in love with your brother for a long time, Sam. And I was sure that he could never return my feelings.”
“We don’t want to wake it,” he whispers.
He takes himself mentally through each and every step of tuning up the Impala, imagining the feel of the tools in his hands, the smell of engine grease, the sounds of Zepplin coming from a nearby radio. Then he imagines sliding behind the wheel of his baby, hearing the purr of her engine, and guiding her smoothly over the highway. Pulling up to some dive bar along the way, the smell of a greasy burger, the taste of cheese and onions on his tongue, and the feel of a cold beer washing it down his throat. And he imagines a girl, one with soft curves, sharp eyes, and a wicked smile, who would lay him down and have fun, make him feel alive and part of the world again.
As soon as Sam was out of earshot, Dean leaned across the table and asked in a hushed voice, “So last night? How’d it rate?”
“Sure you don’t wanna stay for breakfast?” Beverly asked.
"This is about us being a gay couple?"
Castiel, of course, follows Dean.
Cas remembers Raphael sitting in an opulent heaven, saying
Dean doesn't push toppings on Cas, but Cas does ask to try some of the strawberries. He doesn’t enjoy them, but he does appreciate the way Dean’s eyes slide to him to catch his reaction.
Cas takes in the stiffness of Dean’s shoulders, the white around his irises. He answers softly, "Okay."
Dean was still undecided on the idea of Pina Colada wings. He figured he might as well just ask Cas himself. He found him sitting next to Kevin at the library table, apparently deep in conversation.
, so Dean directs him on wrapping cheese-stuffed meatballs in bacon.
“Are you ready?” Cas asked. He was unreasonably calm, considering the circumstances.
“Wha…?” Dean glanced over to the bar, where Sam was ordering a pitcher of beer. “Honey, that’s my brother, so no way.
“How does it feel, Dean?” she asked, her purring voice cutting through his fantasy.
Beverly let out a high-pitched gasp, and reared up. She reached over and yanked open the drawer of her nightstand, grabbing a condom. She sat upright, craning over her shoulder to kiss Dean as she pressed the condom into his hand.
“Yeah,
to go back,” he says hurriedly, as if he’s been waiting for the chance to throw in his two cents. “Now that we finally have a god who cares about what we do, and who gives us a job that means something?”
And if nothing had changed on Cas’ end, then Dean could safely say that nothing had changed on his end either. And it was the truth. His new knowledge about Cas wasn’t revelatory. It occupied the same place in Dean’s brain as the way Cas' eyes drifted closed when he listened to David Gilmour sing, “We’re just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year,” or the moan he let out when he bit into one of Dean’s home cooked burgers.
Cas offers her a smile. "So am I."
“Wonderful.” She glided back to Dean and Cas, and kissed them both softly in turn. “I’m going to change. Don’t do anything until I get back.”
“That’s besides the point,” Anna says coldly.
They find Jack and Uriel in the middle of a vast, gray, muddy expanse. It’s pockmarked with craters, and littered with exploded shells and bullet casings. The stench of death hangs in the air, even though there aren’t any corpses that Cas can see. He suspects that might soon change, as two masses of soldiers, men in sweat and mud-soaked uniforms, move towards each other. They walk slowly, as if through water, their experience of the moment drawn out over time.
She looked over her shoulder for Dean’s reaction. When she saw his flirtatious smirk still in place, she asked, “So you guys are a package deal?”
Cas narrows his eyes, evaluating. "I actually have a different proposal for you."
“So what’s he doing?” Anna asks. “What’s his problem?”
Anna says. Her true voice is swallowed by the infinite black, but Cas can still hear it, resonating within him.
after
Under the weight of Dean’s kiss, Cas fell back against the seat, and Dean went with him. Their limbs tangled together, their cocks slid against each other, and Dean groaned into Cas’ mouth.
"I know, she mentioned it"
“Hey, Sam?”
"Heh." Dean pulled Cas’ hand off his arm. He kept a hold of it as he said, “You’re coming with us.”
Dean stared at Cas as if seeing him for the first time. In a way, he was -- for the first time, Cas was laid bare for Dean’s eyes only. Slowly, Dean slid his hands up Cas’ toned thighs, his flat stomach, his heaving chest. He leaned over him to cup his face and kiss him firmly. Cas arched his body into Dean’s eagerly, bit hungrily at his lips. But with one hand pressing on Cas’ shoulder, and the other cradling his jaw, Dean slowed their pace, until they were gasping and pressing in time to the song.
“We can’t slow down, Dean. And you need to stay close,” Castiel reminds him sharply. He doesn’t bother to hide his annoyance, because Dean ought to remember what happened the last time they were separated.
“Ironically. And the time before with the Leviathan, he was in a downwards spiral that entire year. He never came close to digging himself out of it, just kept falling deeper.”
Cas shifts closer to Dean, caresses the hair at the nape of his neck. “We could go somewhere else for a while. Somewhere secluded, quiet. We could go right now.”
Cas thinks about the bunker being full of the people he cares about, and the ones they care about most, about seeing Claire happy with Kaia, about Jack getting to be part of a larger family. It's a shade of how he used to feel when he was connected to the entire Host -- not as big and overwhelming as losing oneself in the collective of Heaven, but better for its smallness. Being at home with the ones he chose for himself, and who chose him, instead of those who he was born among.
“How to make research fun.”
“Cas, buddy, you know you can ask me anything, right?” Dean asked, dispensing with the pretext that he wasn’t worried. The fact that Cas had decided to confide in
“Dean, I... I feel...” he sighed, still nuzzling against Dean’s neck. “I feel like I was always meant to be inside you. I’m where I belong.”
Sam laughs. “Yeah, you might want to take some vacation days for that one.”
“Dean?” Cas said from over Dean’s shoulder.
. Feverish with the pressure of Cas moving inside of him, oversensitive with pleasure, Dean can’t deny the words, he can only let them fill him up. As he comes, Dean deliriously thinks he might be worthy of the praise.
Sam shrugged. “I dunno, he just seems kinda… off.”
“Me too,” says Jody.
into the tape deck and whistled along with the saxophone solos. Dean watched him handle the wheel confidently.
Dean looks up sharply. He lights up when he sees Cas, eyes wide and shining, smile wider. There's something that's almost
“No videos,” Cas admitted. “I’ve just been reading erotica.”
And so, Dean was driving back to the motel, while Cas and Savannah made good use of the backseat in the meantime.
Cas shoves Dean’s t-shirt up to his armpits and slides down to kiss and nip at his stomach. Dean chuckles at the sensation, and relaxes into it with a sigh. When he cards a hand through Cas’ hair, Cas captures it in his fingers. He turns his face to kiss Dean’s palm, his fingertips. He trails his mouth up Dean’s arm until he’s back at his neck again, making little needy sounds between every kiss. One hand slides up Dean’s thigh, and lightly traces the line of his hardening cock. Dean lifts his hips to press into the touch.
There's a sugar caddy and bowl of creamers next to the carnation. Cas pours a small pool of sugar onto his bread plate, and dips his finger in it. He licks the sugar off to mask the taste of cheese. He means to do it subtly, not to provoke a reaction from Dean; but he still feels Dean tense up next to him.
“She’s recently back from the dead, too, in case you forgot. And yeah, you guys did have your weird intense thing going on, that I didn’t want to get in the way of. But Dean, you… oh.”
“Dean, we need to get out of here now.”
Cas froze.
Dean trailed his lips across Cas’ cheek until they brushed his ear.
Eventually, Anna laughs weakly and shakes her head. “Come on.” She bumps his shoulder with hers and gets to her feet. “Let’s go in.”
happy. That’s all there is to it. So don’t go over-analyzing it.”
“What about it, old man?”
“Day is about to break,” Eileen says, taking her seat again. “Werewolves, close your eyes.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean answered casually, turning around to face him. “Last hunt, you said that next time you wanted to be ‘a more active participant’, right?”
for your little home-reno project?”
“Dean… What are you afraid of?”
Cas’ face fall in the silence that followed.
Cas bites back a laugh.
"Each soul contains massive amounts of energy. Whoever ruled Heaven was backed up by that power."
Uriel creates what he thinks is a perfect heaven for humans.
Cas makes his way to join her, scooting past souls who seem oblivious to the angel in their midst, despite his suit and tie being notably out-of-place among the polo shirts and summer gingham.
"Jack?" Cas asks cautiously, "How are you finding things so far? How are the angels treating you?"
I’m starting to question your taste.”
“Huh,” Sam said as the credits rolled. “You know, I’m not sure that one stood the test of time.”
“Of course, if your daughter is looking for volunteer hours, she’s welcome to help with Sunday School classes,” Richard is telling a balding man in a sweater vest, when he feels a tug at the hem of his jacket.
“Do we have to question it Dean?”
Cas hugs her back, and feels himself begin to relax.
He saw Cas lying near him, just out of reach. Something dark began to buzz in his head, something that sounded like
Cas’ head snaps up, his eyes wide as they meet Dean’s. He sounds like the air has been knocked out of him when he says, “What?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean barks.
And it makes him feel so tired.
in a way that he appreciated. And yeah, he’d be lying if he said she wasn’t a great singer, especially when she was belting out lyrics about making love in the back of a car.
They spend another few seconds staring at each other in silence.
A swell of shouts rises from the field. The ball has gone flying again, and landed in front of the crying child. He has a clear shot at the goal, which is just a stretch of lawn marked by piles of toys. He looks down at his feet, then up at the crowd of kids running towards him. He takes off running, kicking the ball ahead.
Holy, Holy, Holy God of power and might.
Sam put the amulets back with the other charms. He picked up a dagger sheath, and tossed it to Dean.
In her hands, Eileen holds a pendant, finely shaped strands of silver and gold twined in a complex knot.
close.”
Maureen arched her back and cried out, high and loud and long.
redeeming value to them.”
In Heaven, food and drink aren’t constructed from chemical compounds, but from memories and impressions of its residents. So Castiel can taste the acidic tang of orange juice, along with the bite of cheap champagne. He also recognizes the buzz of alcohol starting to work its effects.
Dean lies still for a moment, catching his breath. He sits up. He’s alone.
He figures it won’t hurt if he waits a little while longer.
“No!” Cas and Anna say at the same time, Cas somewhat more adamantly.
“I ain’t saying she’s not,” Dean said diplomatically. “But… are you sure this is driving music?”
“The others thought that the soul of the righteous man would shine like a beacon through the shadows. But I -”
“Cas… were those-”
Cas withdraws in a rustle of feathers, and is gone.
Sam’s head snaps up, a slight furrow between his brows. “Yeah, man. Why?”
The emergency lights go dark. But in the glow of his grace Cas can see the long spurts of come that hit Dean’s chest.
“That does remind me. Can I come over for dinner or do you and Dean still need ‘alone time’?” Jack says, curling his fingers next to his ears.
“So how do you know nothing about culture?”
“You’re supposed to be saving your mojo for important stuff,” Dean snaps, annoyed, because Purgatory wears Cas out, and he doesn’t like to think about how long they’d survive without the angel’s powers. Bleeding for the sigils drains him enough.
. He rooted around for its case for about two seconds before he
They’re silent as Anna pushes open the office door, and they both step inside.
He can see the shutters going up behind her eyes as she settles on an answer.
Dean’s eyelids flutter shut and he moans, his utter surprise lost in how good he feels. It’s been so long since he got laid, and what the
“Tell him what you want, Dean.”
Out of the blue, Dean chuckles, and sighs.
Cas nodded. “Well, you’ve been a great teacher so far.”
Dean wakes up to Castiel’s unearthly gaze watching him intently.
Cas shrugs, more bothered by the two angels’ coldness towards him than anything else. “I did kill Rachel. And a friend of mine killed Hester. I can understand the awkwardness.”
Sam blinks at Cas, slack-jawed. “Jesus Christ,” he breathes. “That… that explains it.”
Miracle ran back to Dean with the stick in his mouth, and dropped it at his feet. Dean picked it up and threw it with his left hand.
One hand slides up Dean’s back to press into his shoulder, the other closes tight around his hip. Cas pulls out slowly. Then snaps his hips forward, shoving Dean up the mattress with a grunt.
“I know, right?” Dean said gleefully, no longer able to contain his enthusiasm.
Dean feels Cas’ posture go rigid, watches his face turn grim. “Dean, I can’t promise that. I’ll do what’s necessary to keep you safe, and the world.”
"Oh… aw, no. No…”
Dean sucks Cas’s skin between his teeth, hard and sharp and hungry. Cas gasps out his name. He pushes on Dean’s shoulders, just far enough that Cas can capture his lips again. They sway against each other, each trying to press himself into the other’s body. Cas tries to step forward, to walk Dean into the opposite counter, but Dean catches him by surprise and pushes back. Cas braces himself against the countertop, and Dean grinds against him, making Cas very aware of his erection. Cas moans into Dean’s mouth,
"Yeah,” Dean said with a shrug. “We can catch the game highlights later."
Anna waits for him to elaborate. Cas pointedly does not, challenging her silence with his own.
Dean curled up on the ground and closed his eyes. It was a long time before he fell asleep, unsettled by memories of Hell, and the knowledge that Castiel was in love with him.
Cas is about to argue, but Dean is mashing potatoes with a surprising amount of intensity, so he decides to let it go. At any rate, he’s soon distracted by the vibration of his phone.
“Excuse me,” he tells the sweater-vest man, “It looks like my attention is needed elsewhere.
“Shut up,” Claire snaps, good-natured.
“I found a recipe for Pina Colada wing sauce. D’you think Cas would go for that?”
He passed the cue back to Cas. Cas curled a long index finger around the cue, and slid the cue experimentally through the opening. Dean closed his fingers around Cas' wrist, feeling his blood pumping hot at the pulse-point, and tried to shake him. Cas’ hand didn't budge. Dean blinked at his friend's apparent strength, and nodded in approval.
"As for what Heaven is now… I don’t know." He turns towards Richard. "We’re working on it."
Dean’s pleas transform into a long moan as Cas pushes into him. It takes all of Cas’ self-control to not bury himself in Dean with one hard thrust, but instead ease his way in gradually. When he’s finally fully seated, Cas takes a long, shuddering breath.
When he looks up again, Balthazar is gone.
Dean hooks his fingers around the waistband of Cas’ jeans, and pulls them off along with his underwear, Cas lifting his hips to assist. Cas’ cock is already hard and aching, but before he can wrap a hand around it to get some relief, Dean is hovering over him again. Cas levers himself up on his forearms to kiss him. Dean plants a palm in the centre of Cas’ chest, and shoves him back down into the mattress.
"Hey," Dean pushes at Cas gently, to look him in the eye. "You didn’t do anything."
When Dean’s eyes crinkle at the corners, Cas thinks that he'd do anything to look at that smile forever.
The pizzeria has the awkwardly open floor plan of a space that was built for another purpose and remodeled without expertise. Wood laminate panels the walls, and the light from cheaply-shaded fixtures is a bit too harsh for the mood the restaurant owners seem to be going for. Shakey tables are scattered around, draped in red-and-white checked tablecloths.
to Cas. Can see the reflection of his grace, dancing next to Dean’s soul. Cas glows, and his glow extends out of his body, brushes Dean’s skin.
“I-I don't know! I just passed out, and now… you're okay!” Sam laughed with relief. “Man, you're really okay!”
“I don’t know. You’ll have to ask him.” She shrugs. “You and I, we’ll talk over brunch.”
It’s good, it’s really good, the feel of skin slick with sweat, the friction and pressure against Dean’s cock as Cas presses him into the mattress and Dean bucks his hips in response. But besides that, Dean feels home, and safe, and wanted in a way he never has before. It’s absurdly good, but Dean knows he can do better. He knows Cas wants more.
Cas pulls his hand away, and Dean huffs in frustration.
Castiel looks down at Heaven and knows that there is still so much to be done, and so much that has been done that can be improved. And yet, from above, there’s a beauty to it all, a simplicity that comes from distance and detachment.
“Like what?”
"Yeah?" Dean says, his smile not reaching his eyes. "So if a triceratops fought a stegosaurus, who would win?"
“The one with the ghosts,” Cas answered easily.
Suddenly Dean isn’t sure he knows the answer to that question. He
do,” Eileen says.
“There’s two beds,” Cas remarked as he and Dean entered their room.
“I don’t have to,” she replies seriously.
“Wear the navy blue one,” Dean called out. The colour would go with his eyes. Dean didn’t have to be a woman to recognize that those eyes were one of Cas’ selling points, one that he’d want to play up.
Dean immediately regrets the question when Cas’ smile drops.
When he was satisfied with the position of his arm, Dean stood as close to Cas as possible without actually getting cheek-to-cheek with the guy, doing his best to share his eye-line. "Now look," he said, gesturing between the cue ball and where the other balls stood lined up. Their bodies were pressed together along their sides, except for where the hard line of the pool cue came between them at Cas' hip. "See the line from the centre of the cue ball to where you want it to go. We're not gonna worry about spin just yet. For now, just follow that line with your cue."
“Yeah. How?” Dean asked with a frown and a creased brow.
But then Wendy was inviting them to her apartment, and Dean pushed any other thought from his mind.
Still, Dean winced when he said, “Kinda overshot that one, Cas.”
“Cas, could you stop?” Dean turned to glare at the angel.
Maybe it was the glow of neon, or maybe Cas still had some of that old angelic light left in him, but his eyes gleamed with
Dean watches with a stormy expression as Sam goes up to pay for Eileen’s jewelry.
Cas sighs and sets down his fork. “Dean, I appreciate the invitation. But I should check on Jack.”
Cas fixes his eyes on Dean, and he’s either struggling to focus, or struggling to keep from focusing. It’s so different from what Dean’s used to. He doesn’t have the vocabulary to deal with Cas like this.
Cas turned to Dean, his gaze steady. “I’m sure.”
“Good.” He kisses Cas breathless, then leans back into his pillow. “Lube’s in the nightstand.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth curls up. "Well it ain’t over yet." He steps away from Cas and holds out his hand. "Come on."
It wasn’t until they were stopping for lunch that it occurred to Dean that… he knew what Cas looked like naked. He knew how his cock curved up when erect. He knew how Cas' voice pitched higher and breathy when he orgasmed. He knew how Cas' come tasted on a woman's lips. And it occurred to Dean that this had the potential to change things between him and Cas.
Cas sends a shot of grace through Dean’s body, easing the way for one finger to be replaced by three. He crooks his fingers inside Dean, and Dean cries out, hips jerking, fucking himself on Cas’ fingers.
I’m gonna…”
“Sorry, I got distracted. Just noticed that Cas left a giant hickey right next to my --”
A squawked
“Then what is it about?” Cas challenges.
The cigarette is nearly burned to a stub. Claire finishes it off with a long breath.
“Maybe,” Anna says flatly. “Not yet.”
“Yeah. And I’ll - I’ll lay off of him,” Sam concedes.
Dean thought, his jaw tightening.
Castiel doesn’t turn to face him when he answers. "I’ll draw them off. You head towards the settlements."
Cas can feel her surprise. So he shares his memory with her. Mary’s return, her friendship, what she meant to Dean, what she meant to Jack. How Jack burned away his soul. The crushing dread as Cas realized what had happened, the sorrow that sawed through him. The way their family was torn apart.
Cas tilts his face up to look at Dean, wide blue eyes questioning. It’s an awkward angle, but Dean looks back down at him. He doesn’t smile, just returns his gaze, calm and sure. Cas blinks, shuts his eyes, and snuggles into Dean to fall asleep.
Dean leans over Cas, one knee on the bed. He holds Cas by the jaw, tips his face up, and kisses him, deep.
“I got an idea. C’mon,” Dean says with a smirk, and strides out of the kitchen. Cas is helpless to do anything but follow him.
“There are
He’s interrupted when Dean swings his feet off the table, grabs the front of Cas’ shirt, and crushes their lips together.
Cas shoots Anna a questioning glance as he sits next to her.
"You could always ask her," Cas suggests.
After six months, Dean is used to fighting. It lets him escape, to not think about his situation, just act. And there’s a satisfaction that comes with slashing through the hoards of creatures, with knowing that Cas has his back, and working seamlessly as a team. These days, Dean finishes a fight with a smile on his face.
He listened to the song. Once he got over the sound of the drum machine, he noticed some distorted guitar was mixed in. There was a kind of churning rhythm, like wheels on the highway, that Dean could get behind, and the whole thing sounded
Something inscrutable passes over Dean’s face, a flash of tangled emotions that are locked away just as quickly as they appear. “I just mean… I made a promise.”
with losing you, Cas!” Dean yells, over a year’s worth of anger and frustration in his voice, and it shocks Castiel into silence. "Losing you to god-hood, and leviathans, and whatever the hell’s going on in your head! And now this?“ A snarl curls Dean’s lip. "I swear, if you leave me again, then so help me, I’ll…”
. He thinks that maybe he wants Cas to read into it. He thinks that might be a mistake.
He goes to Jack and envelopes him in a warm hug. "I’m glad you're here."
Two days later, Dean was checking into a motel on the outskirts of Boston. The cross-country drive hadn’t been a problem—Dean played Zeppelin the whole way, and while the speakers in the car weren’t as good as the ones in his bedroom, he
Cas’ mouth tightens, and he directs a pointed look at Anna. She doesn’t notice, her attention focused on another young girl who has wandered over to Jalil, and is arranging blades of grass on his head.
Dean sits by the fire, and before the angel can settle too far away from him, he says, “Cas, c'mere,” in a tone that doesn’t allow for argument. Cas comes towards him without hesitation. “Sit down.” He sits, but regards Dean warily. “C'mon,” Dean says, patting the ancient flagstone next to him. Cas carefully shifts over until he’s sitting besides Dean. “Is it okay if I touch you?"
Cas leaned in to kiss him, but before he could, Dean ducked his head to plant his lips on Cas’ neck, to bite at his shoulders, to suck marks into his chest, drawing gasps and sighs out of Cas’ mouth. He hummed against Cas’ skin, tilting his head in an exaggerated fashion, putting on a show for Maureen. Showing her how Cas ought to be appreciated.
“Of course.” Cas sounds almost offended at the implication that he might not be.
“Well, I don’t,” Dean said, unable to keep a hint of annoyance out of his voice. Why’d Sam have to assume that he was the expert on all things Cas?
"I forced my way into their lives, and they didn’t know what I was. And they… they’re dead because of me."
“What’ll it be?” Dean asks, spinning the remote control in his hand.
Dean felt like ice water had just been poured over his head, waking up something dark and sick that lived there. He plastered a reassuring smile on his face before he turned around.
Maureen turned on the vibrator in her hand, and nestled it against her cunt. She said, “Cas, start slow, please.”
😠😾🤬, and taps send.
He hoists Dean up in his arms, and kisses the crown of his head.
“Not if I what, Cas? Not if I don’t hurt you? Punish you? Is that it? Not if I love you?” Dean doesn’t even know what he means by the word, if it’s how he loves a friend or a brother or something else, but it feels honest on his tongue, and he wants Cas to know, so he says it.
At the sound of Sam choking on his water, Dean’s face falls, and his eyes take on a glazed look. He purses his lips, colour rises up his cheeks. He takes a long drink of beer.
Dean hesitated before opening his eyes, and turning towards Cas with an apologetic look.
“What if I told you I’m doing both?”
Main Street, Smith Center, Kansas is all sun-baked brick storefronts, housing businesses that somehow feel like they’ve been there forever, and at the same time are superimposed on the town like double-exposed film. There’s something about the too-small store signs and haphazard window displays, that gives the impression of being both comfortable and temporary. Cas thinks he can relate to its dual nature.
“Can you guys deal with this?” he asked Sam and Cas. He gestured to the husband, who stood frozen, staring bug-eyed at the scene around him. “I need to go find a hose.”
Cas can still feel Claire’s presence in her car, driving towards Smith Centre. The road is clear, and Kaia, who wasn’t drinking that night, is a cautious driver. He knows that things won’t always be so simple.
“That’s different,” Jack says seriously. “Dean and Cas are in love.”
“Who?” Cas and Anna ask.
‘Cause we’re… No one else. … I’m not
The emotions of one person just realizing that they’re dead are staggering, much less a whole group of them. Shock and sorrow and relief and elation all well up together in a flood. Soon they will remember how they died. For the Miltons, the memory is especially gruesome. They’ll be horrified first. And then they’ll wonder what happened to their daughter. Cas feels a stab of sympathy at the thought of leaving them without an answer.
Dean smiled at the sound. He positioned himself behind Beverly, slid the head of his cock along her wet slit a few times, until he heard her whine with impatience, and then slowly pushed in.
Dean is smirking at him. He winks.
He thinks that if Dean were ever to become a monster for real, he’d want to join him then, as well.
“No, I’m moving on.” Dean pulls back to look Cas in the eye, and to push his leather jacket off his shoulders. “It’s a sign of maturity.” Dean slides his hands up Cas’s shirt to caress his back, and mouths at his ear. “Come on, babe. Let me take care of you.”
"Man, I can't remember the last time I slept six hours, forget eight. Feels good," Dean says with a lop-sided grin. "Must be something helping me sleep so well."
Dean gripped Cas tighter him, lifting his hips in a way that was sure to give him a back ache later. Cas gasped and picked up his pace.
Dean grins. “Absolutely.”
“Good. Catch you later.”
will be ours forever.”
Like a breaking storm, Jody bursts through the bunker door, all smiles and joyous energy. Claire and Kaia trail in behind her.
Dean winks at Cas.
There’s a minute shift in Anael’s posture, her chin taking on a subtle, but proud tilt.
Cas promises Eileen as he gets to his feet.
At the bottom of the stairs, she throws her arms around Sam and then Dean in greeting, while Kaia gives Jack a tentative hug.
enjoy making Dean smile like that.
Cas would very much prefer to only bring Dean the best of anything. But Sam has more experience with food, and with Dean, than Cas does, so he tosses a few potatoes in a bag and heads towards the check-out.
This time, Cas is more singular in his focus. He kisses Dean deeply, caressing the roof of his mouth with his tongue, trails his lips along Dean’s jaw and neck, and then moves back to his mouth again. He idly grinds his cock against the crease of Dean’s hip, groaning as he does so, but seems otherwise entirely content to limit himself to kissing Dean, and feeling him close.
"Nothing serious," Cas reassures him.
He bends down and scoops his daughter up in his arms. “How’s my little angel?”
“Yeah, and you’re gonna want to ask Ray about how he bagged that jackalope he’s got on the wall,” Dean says as he approaches.
Dean glances up from the bin of cassette tapes he’s rifling through and shrugs. “Dunno, why don’t you try it on?”
Here the angel paused, smiling shyly, with a touch of pride.
Sam looks as surprised as Cas feels. “Nothing…” he says.
Dean hesitated, then tamped down his nerves as he said, “How ‘bout you pick?”
Dean’s rocking stills, and he melts. “‘Course…”
Sam pauses, hand on the car door, and shoots Dean a confused look.
Concern overcoming propriety, Cas focuses his hearing on the kitchen.
Benjamin stares at Anna, unspoken questions and fears in his eyes.
“Dean...”
is the best music you’re
Dean knew what was coming next, some variation of
Castiel is always thinking, his mind running since he woke up all that time ago, Before, and he says to Dean,
“Uh…” Dean says.
His gaze snaps to Anna. She’s looking at him with that same soft glow as before. With a jolt, Cas realizes that it’s pride.
Jack looks up from where he's stirring Rice Krispies into a large pot of melted marshmallows. His eyes flit to Cas before landing on Dean.
Dean gave Cas about twenty minutes to cool down before he went looking for him. He found Cas in the bedroom they had given him; lying on his bed, one hand covering his eyes, taking long shuddering breaths. Dean didn’t say anything, he just pulled the chair out from his desk, sat by the bed, and waited.
Dean’s view was blocked by Maureen, back in her red silk robe, leaning over him; his thoughts were silenced by her kiss.
“Same as always,” Jeb replies. He picks up one of the records that Dean picked out and studies the track list on the sleeve. “I can always count on you to clean out my best stuff,” he says, and starts ringing through the small stack of vinyl.
be some
The whole barn is frozen. Sam has stopped crying, the weeds around the foundation have stopped growing, the slats in the roof have stopped decaying. The air hangs in place, waiting.
As soon as she’s out of earshot, Sam asks in a low voice, “What was that about?”
"Hey Jodes," Dean says, falling into a reflexive smile.
Sure enough, as soon as Dean sees Cas, he yanks off his headphones, springs off the bed, and goes to him.
“Thank you for trying to help me, Dean,” Cas said after a while. His hand had fallen away from his face, and his breathing had evened out, but he was still just staring blankly at the ceiling. “But I think I’m a hopeless case, as a human.”
Creatures don’t die in Purgatory, not really. They attack, and fight, and tear each other apart, cannibalize each other. And then they’re reborn, less human, more corrupted every time.
Cas took him in hand, and licked experimentally up the length of his shaft. Dean shivered. His tongue circled the head, pressing against the slit. Then he closed his lips around the tip, and sank down a fraction, before pulling back up, then taking Dean further in his mouth, back and forth, testing his own limits. It was torturously slow, until Dean felt his cock bump up against the back of Cas’ throat, felt Cas’ muscles spasm. Dean groaned, but Cas pulled off quickly, taking a deep breath. Then he was on Dean again, taking him in as much as he could, cheeks hollowed out and sucking.
Sitting together in the grass, Anna, Amy and Charlotte look like sisters rather than three different generations of women. Anna lies on her stomach, picking white and purple clover and weaving the flowers into a chain. Her mother kneels next to Anna, braiding her hair. Her mother's mother sits cross-legged gesturing expansively as she talks about high school dances and first visits to the city. Their lips curve with the same smile, and their hair catches amber in the sun.
Cas and Eileen move to the library, taking seats on one side of the table where Dean added Cas and Jack’s names to the other initials carved there. Eileen looks to Cas eagerly, and starts signing.
Cas nodded.
starts to feel less intimidating. Cas laughs at all the wrong moments, and Dean lets himself enjoy the sound. He basks in the warm rumble that he thought he’d never hear again, eyes frequently sliding over to where Cas sits in one of the two matching arm chairs. He takes in the sight of his best friend next to him, the crows’ feet around his eyes and the way his nose crinkles when he smiles, and thinks,
Jack takes a breath, and the electricity bleeds out of the air. With one last glare over his shoulder at a stunned and shaken Balthazar, he turns calmly towards Cas.
He drew Beverly close, so that Cas could see both of them in profile. He brushed her hair back, tangling his fingers in the glossy strands, and let his eyes dance over her face, holding her gaze for a moment before drifting down to her lips. He licked his own lips, and leaned in, brushing them gently against hers. His kisses were soft, short, teasing. Dean pulled back just enough to look Beverly in the eye again, to make sure she was hungry for him. And then he pulled her into a crushing kiss, one arm tight around her waist, the other angling her head so he could deepen the kiss.
“You’ve barely said anything.”
He remembers how precious sleep was when he never had enough of it,  remembers the twangy irritation that comes with hunger, and tells himself that there’s no way he could miss those things.
She nods. “What does the boy king think?”
He hears shouts and growls, but the fog disorients him, Castiel can’t tell where the noises are coming from. He spins around, but it’s all just pressing, suffocating whiteness, broken only by the dark pillars of tree trunks. Then he sees shadows, grappling, piling on one another. He spreads his wings, and he’s there.
"Then how do I make it better?" Cas asks desperately.
“That’s not true,” Cas said defensively, “I was very much a fan of the Neanderthal’s poetry.”
“They’re also my exception,” Jack glowers.
Cas squints at him.
Sam buries his face in his arms as Eileen rubs circles in his back.
he says.
Anna goes to Benjamin. "Have you been to see Salwa yet?" she asks, and sets a sympathetic hand on his shoulder.
Dean’s gaze dropped back to his book, but he wasn’t reading anymore. “‘Course I do,” he grumbled. “I just don’t like being jerked around, is all.”
Cas moaned loudly, and Dean quickly brought the hand that was extended under Cas’ neck up to cover his mouth, while making shushing noises in his ear. If Sam heard Cas’ sex moans, Dean would never hear the end of it. The next thing Dean knew, Cas had gotten two of Dean’s fingers in his mouth, and was sucking on them.
Castiel’s mouth hangs slightly open in surprise, and his gaze is heavy with regret before his eyes flit away from Dean’s face towards the ground. Dean wishes he wasn’t so familiar with that look on Cas’ face.
Sam gives his head a small shake. “Uh…” The syllable hangs in the air for a long moment before he manages to ask, “Are you guys… okay?”
“Come on.”
Dean is pulsing blood and bared skin, sweat and spit, blown pupils and laboured breathing. He is the buzzing heat that rises off his body. And Cas is there besides him, and they move like they’re extensions of each other. Cas is there besides him, radiating power, radiating something that washes over Dean that makes his skin tingle and doesn’t let his heart rate slow down. It would scare him if it wasn’t so familiar.
