“We have other options,” Strange says and Pepper quiets.
Tony opens his mouth but Steve replies, “As long as the rest of the deal is kept. My team comes home and is unharmed.” Tony seethes.
“I know that,” Sam says with a shrug. “Look at me, a former slave. You think I’m ashamed to say I fought for my freedom?”
“Neither did I,” Tony said. “And if I hadn’t answered, I’m not sure what the hell or how the hell I would have felt. But let me tell you the call was immediate and urgent.”
“I didn’t see anyone else but you, don’t know if your unit survived or not, Captain.”
“Magic,” Steve supplies when Tony hesitates.
“I’m not sure of that,” Steve says and can’t help the smile that plays on his lips.
“You have the information you need. You’re wrong about me, I do share. I’m nice like that,” Fury says and scowls at him. “This is as much about you as it is about Stark, Steven, get that into your head. You fail at this it isn’t that you’re going to be a fallen angel, but you’re going to fall farther and deeper than any other angel since before the time of Lucifer and his legion.”
He pushes a hand through his hair and feels the tight grip on his chest, not unlike the feeling of his asthma attacks. Guilt, plain and simple grips him, constricting and squeezing the air out of his lungs. “Damn it.”
Steve pulled the blanket off his shoulders though the cold remained in his chest. “Yeah, like it’s shifting and it kind of feels like it sees the body as a trap? A prison?”
“How is this even possible,” Tony whispers and kisses him. It’s more than Steve can follow, he feels foolish and abashed by his own clumsiness. Tony lines Steve’s lips with a slight swipe on his tongue, it’s enough for Steve to open his mouth, it’s enough for Tony to proceed. The drag of Tony’s tongue and the whisper of his chest against Steve’s set him on fire. He grapples as his wings spread out, as he clutches onto Tony’s shoulders, wanting more of the taste, the thrill of this intimacy.
“Oh,” Steve says and looks at the ad. “My printer sucks.” His mumbles the last and then with hands that are none to steady folds up the paper. “Sorry.” Tony reads the red blush of heat to his face. “Sorry, I really should get out of your hair then. I’m not mathematically inclined at all and I didn’t take stats at all in college.”
“Yes.” There’s an unspoken question. Would Steve say yes if he wasn’t compelled by the contract.  “Yes. I would love to see it with you.”
“Do you ever,” she had said but hadn’t looked at him. Her gaze sighted the tree line. “Do you ever wonder if there’s a god?”
“You need a whole hell of a lot more courage than that. Look at me when you talk about what you like and what you’ll do.”
That’s all he can call it – a glory of food. Back in the Brooklyn Region anytime food was plentiful they always called it a glory. He mouths wow as the prince gestures for Steve to join him for breakfast. Before Steve can reply, Tony taps his implant and then puts his finger to his mouth to indicate quiet please. Steve nods and sits down a few chairs away from Tony to give him some bit of privacy.
The breath against his neck changes, shifting until the man’s lips are at his ear. A single word is Steve’s undoing.
Even later when Tony tried to grill him about it, Steve stayed mum and even glared at him with a threat in his eyes. So now instead of working on his propulsion problem, Tony sits and stares at the holographic displays of Captain America. The data is so clean, so perfectly clean. He's dead. Went into the ocean almost 70 years ago.
“Well, now I have an even strong reason to keep an eye on you. And I can make sure that SHIELD assigns me to watch over Bruce. One way or the other SHIELD will keep its hands off of the pack.”
“He just didn’t tell you everything about himself. Have you told him every little detail?”
“Stroke yourself, good Sheriff,” Tony says.
“This, I like this,” Tony says and cannot believe how hard his heart throbs in his chest. Steven settles behind him.  He gently brings his arm around Tony, laying it on Tony’s chest. Several minutes slip by before Steven speaks.
Natasha clasps her arms around herself as a cold shivers through her. They’re on their own now. In there. With a homicidal robot.
“As gone as he’ll ever be.” Tony grasps Steve’s shoulder. “I thought me being here to help you through the recovery would help, but obviously that’s not going to be a good thing. I’ll have Sam come in and sit with you. Try and eat, okay? See you, Cap.”
By the time dawn streamed in through the tinted windows, they had rested for hours but also stepped towards learning each other again.
“Don’t you dare give in to him. Tony’s not going to allow it,” Natasha says as she grasps his hand.
“You saw me before,” Steve points out, but he doesn’t want Tony to take his hands away. He desperately wants to cup Tony’s hands to his face.
“Here step in.” Tony holds his hand and guides him into the water.
“Even as a little guy, I had deadly aim,” Steve mutters and tests the grip of the hook. It’s good and he steps up into the craggy rocks of the mountainside. He begins the ascent. It’s painfully slow and that means Hulk will definitely catch up to them and probably try and pull them down.
Steve eyes Wanda and Vision and then clears his throat. “Tony needs someone to watch over him during the upgrade. He’s going to get some sleep and we want to make sure he doesn’t have any issues-.”
“And that’s so much to be proud of,” Bucky mutters.
He knows she’s brought some angels through the transformation, he recalls that Clint helped her through her own difficult transformation. “Clint?”
“I heard some fairly awful stories about the men in there at Andersonville prison camp, how they were nothing more than skin and bones.”
“That’s all,” Bucky nods and absently plays with the deputy badge left out on the desk. Steve was going to give it to Bucky today. Now, with the stale taste in his mouth, he leaves his big surprise to be reconsidered or maybe not at all.
Over the next hour, the team went through the details of the data and intel. Tony worked on setting up all of the robot heads to display the different categories of the data. Maps, guard read outs and schematics floated above the table. In addition, Hill supplied more information on the twins, and it looked grimmer and grimmer. Their home had been bombed and their parents died in front of them. The weapons? Stark made. The revelation crashed into Tony like a brick in the face. He hadn’t expected that especially since he’d been out of the weapon manufacturing business for years. The fact remained though that within the last decade Stark Industries had sold weapons of mass destruction that were used in altercations all over the world. How much more was he and his company responsible for? Bile bubbled up in the back of his throat and for a second the projected plans before him blurred as he tried to blink the tears away.
Tony taps out a few commands on the controls. “You have me there. Like I said I did some refinements and I helped Coulson – a little – well a lot. He didn’t always accept my ideas, thought my brains were too out there in the cosmos. Maybe he was right.” His words drift as the ship turns toward the massive nebula.
“Yeah. They wanted to keep me there. I wanted to see the city one last time,” Steve says and then must realize what he inferred. “Not that this won’t work.”
When Steve opens his eyes, Tony’s not even looking at the pad anymore. His lips part. After a moment, he remembers to breathe, and he gasps the air. Silently and without looking at Happy he hands the tablet back. Happy smiles at Steve as if to impart some wise knowledge that Steve loses in translation. Before he can ask, Happy disappears into the foliage again.
To fit on the shield, Steve bends his knees and squishes onto it, with his hands clasped onto the handles. The shield, remarkably, does not sink into the snow and with a slight push off he hurtles down the slope with speed and a whoop call of exhilaration. Controlling the shield is impossible even with the handles to steer. Steve races down the hill and then tries to bank but ends up flipping over and rolling the rest of the way down. He jumps up and catches the shield as it slides down after him. He screams a yell of triumph, for what, Tony does not know.
And maybe it is.
“We have some issues out in the Industrial Quarter that we should probably not put off for too long.”
Steve falls back on his haunches and Tony follows him, standing up and fucking into his mouth. It’s raw and brutal and everything that Steve wants because it rips away the fragility of their situation, of hiding and keeping quiet about it. It blasts away his walls, his fears and he urges Tony, gripping his ass and opening his throat. The head of Tony’s cock slams against the back of Steve’s throat and he shudders with the need, the desire. He clutches onto Tony, enjoying the freedom, the bliss of being in love and he realizes he is in love and he wants to spend every moment with Tony. Always.
Blu gets to his feet and inspects the carcass. He sniffs and then licks his lips, sparing a look at Tony.
“What?” Tony says and narrows his eyes at her as if she’s out of focus. The whole world is out of focus.
do. It’s wrong. So wrong.”
Tony makes an encouraging noise and then says, “Yes.”
“You feel dirty,” Tony had said. “You wanted the other night.”
“I was only going to say I found some ground coffee beans in the cupboard. I can use some snow to melt for water. I can try and brew some up over the fire. It might not be the quality-.”
The station is quiet, though there really isn’t a sleep cycle or a night. There are times that life ebbs and flows. Humans cannot get over the idea of day and night and the cycle of daily life. He heads to the lifts and checks over his pad. He’ll have to break the news to Bucky; he won’t like it but there’s not much Steve can do about it.
The news of Captain America’s miraculous survival of the 1945 crash of the Valkyrie dominates the news cycle for a good 48 hours. SHIELD paints it as if Steve Rogers was preserved in ice for 70 years and the super soldier serum saved him. There is no mention of a lion. There is no mention of Blu at all. He has been erased from memory.
“I don’t think I need to dress up for a couple of lost omegas, do I?” He waits for her judgement. Even though he can sometimes think of her as a task master, she does have his best interest at heart. “Come on, Peppin Bey. What do you say, don’t I look handsome and debonair now?” He spins around on his heel trying to get her to smile.
“I’ll think about it.” Steve released a breath and then surveyed the area around him. “Do you think we’ll ever retire?”
“Maybe you should start believing them,” Tony returned. The corner of Steve’s mouth upturned and Tony felt something hard and harsh ease through the bond. “You really are tense.”
“Yes?”
Tony stood up and dusted off his jeans. He glanced around the room, peering out the windows. The windows were glass so maybe it wasn’t middle age construction. It was decidedly cold in the room and Steve couldn’t find one modern fixture – nothing to indicate it had any kind of heating system, except for the fireplace. The place – or wood cabin (because that’s what it seemed to be) – was a single room with a stone fireplace, a stool near the fireplace, a kettle and a pot sat on the floor, and a bed or what could be both a bed and a place to sit.  That was tucked in the one corner of the room. The door to the outside opened to what looked like a mountain wilderness with a substantial amount of snow all around them. Neither of them were dressed for a march down the mountain side. Spotting a pile of chopped wood to the side of the cabin, Steve hurried out, gathered some, and brought an arm load into the cabin.
She shakes her head. “I have no idea.”
The omega manages to slowly shuffle over to the bed. He hunches forward as if in pain. He still looks like a ghost of a human – though some say that omegas are not human since they cannot procreate. When the omega gets to the bed, Tony helps him and situates him so that he’s sitting as comfortably as possible.
“Wait here.”
“Erratic? What?” Steve straightens, forgetting the stretch and pain in his chest. “What the hell happened?”
Slipping on the ice becomes their new hobby. Several times when Tony slides down he can’t get up in the armor. Steve hoists him up but it’s getting more difficult as his hands freeze and grow numb. The bitterness of the air eats at his exposed fingers and he pushes his hands under his arms. He can’t hold onto Tony anymore. To compensate, Tony walks behind him with his arms around Steve’s waist. It makes it difficult to climb up the icy slope. When Steve slides on the ice, Tony stabilizes him but to the detriment of his own balance. They both go down, lurching backward and plummeting across the snowy ice. In his armor Tony collides with him, striking him hard enough that Steve’s teeth clang and he feels a rib crack.  It huffs the breath right out of him, but he manages to halt their descent. Tony rolls and his gauntlet smacks Steve right in the nose. He feels and hears the stomach churning pop and then the gush of blood from his nose.
“The drawing. I want to do you and the scene from the back porch. You don’t have to sit on the porch, but inside in front of the sliding glass doors.” Steve waits on his response.
“Now you’re just playing with me,” Tony replied. He’d finished his coffee and sidled closer to the fire. “He can’t leave us here for that long.”
“He’s in all the newspapers, and magazines, Bucky.”
“Yes, so am I,” Steve returns. Vision has left the kitchen as they work silently side by side. She asks a few questions about his recipe for hot chocolate, but mostly she keeps to herself as she scrambles the eggs and adds a salt and pepper to season. She’s busy with the bacon when Vision yells from upstairs.
She smiles and reminds Tony of a little pixie. “No, sir. I’m sorry there’s been no change at all.” She offers him another smile which should comfort Tony but only makes him all the more nervous.
“But isn’t there a conflict of interest or something?” Tony says. His eyes look wild and untamed with fear.
It isn’t Steve who answers Tony. It’s the Alternate Steve, the one that’s too perfect, too godly and arrogant. “I knew. I always knew. I’ve known for years and I’ve hidden it. Not to find him. He’s a lost cause.” The image of Bucky as the Winter Soldier fades away. “I did it for this moment. To have this power over you. Why else would I hide it? I’m a strategist, a planner. I know how to win a war, Stark. This is who I am. You needed to be put in your place. I kept it in my back pocket just for this time. You think we don’t know who you really are? You think we don’t know it’s you who are fooling the whole world into thinking it’s Ultron and not you dabbling in the networks to control everything. You think we don’t know.”
He spends hours looking at old newsreels, trying to deny how similar his Steve looks to the one on the footage. Those are some strong genes, he tells himself – but maybe that’s a byproduct of the serum everyone mysteriously talked about? Whatever that was? He needs to go through his father’s papers on this bullshit.
He jolts out of his reverie and greets the prince. “Sorry. Was listening to the news on my implant. They said that the Rho Ophiuchi Cloud Complex Science Station is under attack.”
“This doesn’t have to be a funeral, you know, Stark. This isn’t the end. It could be the beginning.”
“Ah! The cold is not your Kryptonite, you already confessed that to me! But I do know your Achilles’ heel.” Tony declares and plants himself on top of Steve, knees to each side of his hips.
“Why?” Steve keeps his eyes fixed on the lift door.
Cho places a soft hand on his shoulder, close to where his gland should sit. “We’re going to try our best. We’ll get him ready to be placed in the cradle.”
The lift stops and they head toward the center ring of Prime Station. Steve’s never been this deep into the rings of the station and a claustrophobic feeling comes over him. The outer rings have more breath and height, while the inner rings are constricting, narrower. He frowns. It’s almost as if the tighter spaces are used strategically, to ensure if someone attacks then they wouldn’t have enough room to maneuver.
With those words the otherness that enveloped Tony dissipates and he shivers, suddenly chilled as if he stood too long outside in the middle of winter. “No. Yes. Maybe.” He realizes he’s staring down at the teacup. He shakes his head. “We need to talk to Richards. If Steve called him and if Logan knows about these seizures then I bet they called him about it.”
Steve gave him that million dollar smile and part of Tony wondered if he shined the rays of the sun when he was a runt. Maybe that smile came out of a bottle, too. Or it was just Tony’s ache, that want inside of him for something beyond explanation. Steve was talking and Tony needed to catch up.
“Whether you like it or not, it doesn’t matter. This is me.” Steve shrugged. He looked behind him into the darkness where his mother’s deathbed had disappeared. “Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky. He helped me survive this. If he hadn’t-.” He didn’t finish. “You know he asked me to live with him. Sleep on the couch, take out his garbage for a few bucks.”
“And then?” Tony said, riveted by Bruce’s tale. “What happened then?”
“Now, before they send up more!” Clint yelled and went into the elevator, kicking out the remains of the dead agents. His face was stone cold, not reacting to the death of his colleagues around him. Somehow Tony got into the elevator and found Steve in the corner with Natasha hovering over him. Steve was half awake and ashen. His whole body shuddered, and he leaned heavily on Natasha, gagging and choking as she held him. Before Tony said anything, Clint pushed the elevator button and the car closed.
“Okay, so,” Steve said. This was not his forte. “Where are they?”
With a smirk, Tony replies, “I am prepping, my dear, I am.”
“Finally. You’ve been beating at me for the last half hour. I thought you were dead when I found you. But then Ultron showed up to berate me and do the evil villain monologue thing.”
“I can’t tell who has whom wrapped around their finger.”
“See.” Ross smiles. “He’s being reasonable. That’s a good sign.”
Tapping the interface, Tony says, “Is there a problem?”
“He’s a good choice, Tony. He’ll be a good assistant and he can double up with guard duty when Happy is with me,” Pepper says and then leans over to peck him on the cheek. “Come on now.”
“Our worst nightmares? You think that’s what Ultron is going to focus on?” Steve asks. He truly hopes that Ultron can’t read his mind. The leakage between Tony and Steve though worries him. If the virtual reality allows their thoughts behind their borders what does it mean for Ultron sneaking in and listening. He needs to broach the subject. He clears throat and asks, “So, I – I wanted to ask if you can hear me.”
It’s a challenge and Steve always rises to a challenge. “I like men.” His voice grows strong. “I like to bottom, but I can switch. I like to be held down, but not hurt. I like good choking blow job and I swallow. I also like toys but not that into sounding. Cock warming is something I’d love to do and have done in the past. I like to be used but not by a gang. Not into that. And definitely not into scat.”
Steve only shakes his head and drops to his knees in from of the alpha. “I’m sorry. I deserve to be punished. I shouldn’t have come. I shouldn’t even be talking.”
Steve.
Tony runs his hands through his hair. “Ross wants you to fry.”
He could do it himself, but the fact remains they have a new blacksmith in town who will be good use for hitches, metal working, locks, even some issues with guns and rifles. Plus he needs to know if Stark can do the job, can respect the importance of a horse in the sagebrush. He needs to figure out if Stark is any good or if he’s only a rich boy hanging out and pretending he’s some kind of cowpuncher.
“Wakanda’s dome protects me.” Tony stepped around Steve and then sat on the lounger. “Sit.” He patted the cushioned lounger. “Plus, Bruce and I are working on a formula, a sunscreen like you said, for daytime exposure.”
Bent by the wind, they slog from the cover of the trees to the open plains and the rise. The hail crashes down but the shield protects them. Steve has no issue holding the shield in place, thankfully the serum gives him the fortitude and endurance he needs. The ground beneath them gets sloppy with mud and hail as it defies all logic and forms sleets of ice. Both of them are wearing boots and Tony’s pulled out a gauntlet. He isn’t using it, yet, but it’s a good defense if they need it.
“Fury always has something to pull out of his very dark, very long leather coat,” Steve said.
“Clint said he has a little space up in the loft. Pull-out bed,” Steve said and then shrugged. “Seems as good a place as any.”
The door opens and Tony’s on his knees in front of a guy with spiky hair, wearing two hearing aids, a purple t-shirt, pajama bottoms and a ratty looking bathrobe. He looks like someone ran him over last night and then came back to run him over a few more times this morning.
“I assure you, if I’d known-.”
“Not when you don’t have the stone to control it.” That’s Natasha’s voice in the distance as if she’s hanging on and telegraphing her words through Tony.
Steve tightened his hand around Tony’s, failing to impart his support he was sure, but it was all he had, all he could do. “Tony, I’m right here.”
As they all exit the train, his party disperses, Pep reminding him of his morning meetings. Harry, Jamison, and Pep amble toward their respective houses. Steven walks Tony to the mansion entrance. The scent of jasmine and fresh rain lingers in the air, and Tony wonders if while they were stuck indoors all day it had showered. He can hear the occasional hoot of a night bird and the rustle of the light breezes. When he glances at Steven, the light from the lamps lining their pathway to the house glows around him almost ethereally.
“How’d that happen,” he mutters as he steps onto the elevator.
“Jericho,” Tony murmurs and his hopes sink as they leave him alone in the dark cave again. When he watches Steve dragged out of their prison, Tony observes tiny spots of red where the strange wounds on Steve’s back still seep blood through the thin t-shirt. There’s a moment Steve glances over his shoulder at Tony, as their gaze meets, Steve nods as if to tell Tony not to waste his chance.
“Yes, very nasty, we can agree on that part.” Tony fingers the handle of his mug. “You know, it’s an ugly thing, war.”
“We did. But the exit Door. Did you find it?” Natasha asks.
“You are wondering if you belong, if you are good enough,” Thor said. “ I feel this through the bond. Don’t be surprised if our good Captain feels it as well.”
Steve reaches for the ornate sword. As his hand grips it and Natasha’s hand touches his, a blank of white blinds him and then he’s on a cliff side in a twilight world where he stands next to Natasha watching another Natasha and Clint argue over a choice.
Once the horses are watered, Steve goes about sorting through the supplies. There isn't much, it's only a day trip and Steve should be able to get a rabbit, or other small game for their dinner. He pulls out the tin and brings it over to Tony who has settled down on a few stumps of trees along the rocky foothills.
Coulson and the woman are waiting. "I'm ready."
“As much as he can be, yes.” Tony pushed forward without explaining his comment about Bruce. Steve never spent a great deal of time with Bruce, but from the few times he had, he accepted that Bruce had his reservations and issues. “Bruce has a history with understanding what it means to be a vampire. Not sure he gets whatever the hell I am right now, but he will. He’s a smart guy.”
“Data, sir?”
After they held one another. Tony knew it wasn’t their last day, or their last moments together. They built a foundation. A strong and stable one.
Steve sobbed out a curse and clenched his teeth as he held back his orgasm. He knew that the longer he blocked it the sweeter and more potent the feed would be for Tony. With his eyes squeezed closed Steve said in little pants, “Please, please, please.”
“Tony?”
“Must have been something big. Do you want me to get Vision in here to help you clean it up?”
He stops that train of thought. Ableist. That’s what that is. Tony can do anything. He just needs the accommodations to deal with his blindness. Hell, look at him now. He’s peacefully sleeping as he downloads a program into an implant in his brain. Who the hell else in this whole world can say they can successfully do something like that? He might be able to cure certain types of blindness. Steve turns over so he can see Tony from the couch. The curve of his shoulder, the line of his jaw, the mess of dark curls in the bed – it’s like watching the stars in the dark sky at night. So beautiful yet so very mysterious and far away. Untouchable. Steve closes his eyes. Somewhere along the way, he falls asleep with his thoughts.
“Careful now, those are still healing,” Tony says and puts the glass down to help Steve get situated on the bed. He handles Steve’s wings as if he’s used to them, as if they are a common occurrence. “What? Leona needed someone to help her treat them.” He positions them so that the splints aren’t in the way and he can easily lay them across the massive bed.  “Does that work for you?”
It had been Bruce who supplied that information. Decades ago when he worked with Ross, his studies investigated the coagulant to use in emergency cases of hemorrhage. What a boon to doctors and nurses if they could harness it. “He pushed for it. Really wanted to harvest the glands, but it never worked then. You couldn’t preserve the functioning gland, and you had to have it functioning. Hammer must have been using vampires. There’s no other way. He had to harvest the coagulant to discover how to detect it.” Bruce scrubbed hands through his hair.
“Well, Mister Rogers, because of the ruse Mister Stark has insisted on continuing for all of these years and has forced many of us to sign documents in order to give him care, I am not allowed to bring him to a local hospital. I need to fly him to New York where he maintains and pays for the clinic where we first met.” He presses down on his too ornate jacket. “You may say I’m a sell out that I signed the non-disclosure and agreed to this ridiculous farce for money. You would only be half right. I use the money to maintain my clinic that offers state of the art care at a fraction of the price of other hospitals and clinics. With the state of health care in this country, it is the least I can do.”
“I need you to let me feel normal,” Bucky said. “I got a long way to go. I got things in my head that I can’t even formulate words for. I know I’m not even close to who you think I am.” He shook his head when Steve went to protest. “I’m not. I can buy fucking plums all day long and I’m not who you think I am.”
Blu huffs and gets up, the large chain clanking. Tony freezes, but the lion only goes to a bone it has tucked in the corner and drags it out. There’s no meat on it; it’s been cleaned by Blu ages ago. He settles down with it between his paws not unlike a dog and starts to gnaw on it. Something hazy comes over his eyes, and Tony recognizes he’s lost its interest. He’s not sure whether to be insulted.
“The game and the rules shifted. Ultron learned something and he rewrote part of the rim,” Tony answers. He goes to the window and peers out. “We’re still on Clint’s farm. No telling if it’s the same day or not.”
He scans the area. Abandoned dilapidated buildings threatening to fall into the water surround him. He should really call Rhodey because if there was ever a fool's errand it’s this one. It's a great set up- isn't it? Get a hooker that looks like his childhood crush, have him work Tony over so much that he falls into a blinded state of love, add in the mysterious friend across the hallway with poor English language skills, seizures, and hearing aids to boot. Plus add in one sick dude that no one ever sees, at least Tony doesn't. The whole thing reeks of set up. Okay, a very elaborate set up, but he is a billionaire. Maybe they're going to kidnap him, beat him, try and ransom him.
Getting to his tiny bathroom, Steve turns on the shower, strips and glances down at his body. Thank God he doesn’t have any marks. He doesn’t think he slept with Thor. He hopes to hell he didn’t. He steps into his minuscule shower, cleans as quickly as he can, scrubbing away the filth of the bars they must have visited last night. His eyes ache like he bathed them in alcohol. He finishes but the grime clings to him. He brushes his teeth as he hears a large groan from the living room.
“Hydra isn’t happy with the current state of affairs-.”
“And?” Steve struggled to sit up, the weakness permeated his body. “What? Tony, what?”
Tony troubles about it, but Steve inches their horses forward along the path. It’s steep and he needs to let his body lean with the horse. From behind him, he hears small gasps of surprise as the horse finds her footing. He knows as they proceed, that Tony will realize it was the best thing to do to let the little pony free to go back to his barn in Avenge.
When the waitress comes over to the table, she asks, “What’s would you like?” Steve orders first and then when it’s time for Tony to order, she says, “What will he have?”
Steve considers Tony who gives nothing away, and then studies Tiberius. “I do not intend to disappoint Sir Stark.”
“It should open,” Tony yelled. “Now, now!”
“Thanks for the shower, big guy.” Tony laughs as he heads toward the water’s edge. He’s still in his undershorts and is about to yank them off when Blu lets out a thunderous roar. Tony stumbles and falls backward onto the muddy shore. He curses as Blu leaps out of the water and knocks him down, practically squashing him to the ground. Tony struggles to push the big animal off when Blu snarls again and then cries out. He jolts up and relieves Tony of his weight but whips his head back and forward. That’s when Tony catches sight of it. A large viper in Blu’s mouth. The big cat clenches down on it, piercing it in half in one bite. The dead viper drops into the stream, blood swirls around it, the eddies of the current turning red.
He’s not.
For a second, the world splintered, and Steve saw the different version of it. Like a mirror shattered to shards all around him, he witnessed the jagged remains. Reflections of slightly different versions of himself, of Tony, of their life. He saw Tony sitting there with a slump to his shoulders and a quizzical eye as if he didn’t believe anything at all. He saw Tony curled next to him in the bed, close and comforting. In the distance like a bird song he heard the Mantra spoken over and again.
“Look at that television!” Sam smiled as he stepped in front of the large screen and shook his head. “It looks like something designed out of the 40s but with today’s tech!”
“Are you going to be okay?”
Something hot and painful stabs him in the chest and the thought of a family, of somewhere to lie his head at night that he doesn’t have to worry about waking to find his soul rotten within feels blissful and hopeful. He shouldn’t feel that way in the midst of demons.
“Enough. He’s still getting his feet under him. He could use a few more friends outside of work,” Natasha said, her tone softer, kinder.
Natasha stepped through the dimension, surveyed the damage he’d done, and then came directly to him. “I see you’ve transformed.”
Tony replies in the softest tones. “Yeah, welcome to the digital world.” Tony braces his hand against Steve’s back. The sandpaper feel dissipates and Steve leans into the touch needing the anchor. “Not exactly the internet though, more like Ultron’s twisted brain.”
“Not enough to make sure the Beyond Regions aren’t starving,” Tony points out.
Bruce stops Richards. “We’ll get back to you. JARVIS terminate the connection.”
“You don’t own me, I decide! I say who, I say when, I say who!”
A shadow moves close to his little circle of light. Tony startles but then Blu re-appears. He pads over to Tony and drops a mouthful of branches next to him.
It’s there. All they need do is leap, enter the Hub and then find the exit Door. The worm will do the rest. They’ve destroyed the rest of the world. There’s nothing left to this reality then the Hub – which is the most dangerous place of all.
“I lied to you.”
“Sure.” Tony thinks he wants to stab Logan. In the eyeball. He fights the urge. “I don’t want to fight with you.”
Hope you enjoyed the fun in this chapter. The twists are starting to add up - what do you think is going to happen?? This is truly a fusion of Pretty Woman and MCU and SPACE!!!
Tony winks. “Because everyone thinks about the Caribbean when you talk about private islands. Sure, I have one down there, but I prefer the quiet one up in the Northern Atlantic in the summer. You’ll see.”
“Yes, it is. I ordered JARVIS to prepare it that way,” Natasha said. “Now, eat as I set this up.” She picked up a blood bag on the tray with an intravenous line.
Aunt May stops him and he walks up to her front stoop. Her little house is near the Backway, where a line of houses near the main street litter the town. She’s been sewing again since she has her quilts all lined up on the front porch.
JARVIS had been an artificial intelligence. ULTRON had been an artificial intelligence with the mindset longing for something more- for consciousness on the level of a human or more, a god. Tony can see the avenues, the roads toward consciousness, if he could only tweak a little here and there.
“Okay,” Steve elongates the o sound, not sure what’s going to happen when they march into a store and demand respect. Tony is
He thought the Avengers Initiative was problematic. The soul pack – now that was a mess. And Steve as their leader – no. That just didn’t work especially the way that Steve obviously thought of Tony.
Tony shakes his head. “Don’t much like heights.”
“Still nuts to volunteer for Strucker’s experiments.”
“You’re going to have to tell me a little more than that.”
“He’s not my deputy, not yet and I doubt he ever will be,” Steve growls out.
“He sure does.” Clint touched his ear comm again. “On our way down.” He turned back to Steve. “This is one of the many safe houses that Fury has and not SHIELD. He let me know a few for my family’s safety.”
Tony steps out of the bedroom proper. “Steve do you have the glasses?”
“They don’t plan on killing him,” Clint murmured. “They plan on making sure he lives a long time.” His words were whispered.
Biting his sandwich, Steve shakes his head. “Nope.” His mouth is full, but he manages not to make a mess.
“Yes Mer Rogers. I can get Mer Hogan to escort you.”
Tony waits as the man flounders around trying to place Steve and offering tidbits of excuses. “I assure you Prince Anthony, our establishment only caterers to the best.”
It had only been a few weeks since that fateful day at the safe house. The pack still didn’t live together. It wasn’t a necessity, Wong confirmed that they could all go about their days and nights and never have to actually share the same abode. Half of the pack lived at the safe house while the rest lived at the Tower. Well, most of them. Clint still ended up back on his farm more often than not. Together didn’t always mean physically together. Steve kept them threaded together, they routinely all made trips up to the safe house. They were all due to leave tomorrow to go to the safe house and then Steve, Natasha, and Bucky were scheduled to leave for the mysterious but newly opened country of Wakanda.
He glances at Raza and pleads, “Please don’t do this, please.”
“Would you?” Sam said. “Or would you take into account if that person was brainwashed?”
“JARVIS informed me you would prefer not to have the Penthouse turned into the Shire,” Pepper says. He can hear the clack of her heels over the line. She must be walking – vigorously. She does that when she wants to show she’s in command. He doesn’t know why, she can be intimidating in her sleep without even trying.
“Bruce is going to have a quiet dinner with Natasha. I thought it might be nice. I mean,” Steve said and looked away before he focused back on the conversation. “I’d like to see you. I see Bruce enough, and Natasha all the time-.”
“Now, he’s yours.” It hurts to give Blu up, but his soul – deep inside – echoes with the rightness of it.
“Surprised this place as a regular fireplace and not a stove,” Steve says and tries to light a match. His fingers don’t cooperate and he misses the strike, breaking the head of the match. “Damn it.”
“What?” Tony asks.
He clicks a few times to bring Shield around as the stage comes in from the outlying towns to unload passengers for the train. They’re lucky that Avenge has a train station, it wasn’t supposed to, but then the continental construction was forced this way due to engineering issues through the mountain passes. Or so he’s heard from Uncle Ben when he’s spent a time or two with the man as he convalesces with his weak heart.
Steve breathed heavily around the ball gag. His ass ached where she had dry fingered him and his cock still twitched from the orgasm. He glared at Ross as the man watched the proceedings. One of the lab-coated men turned. Steve caught his name tag – Reynolds.
Steve hadn’t considered that avenue. “Maybe, but Tony… Tony could never forgive him.”
“I’m not certain of that at all,” Steve said. “Strange is right. We need to focus more. We need to be a team even without the whole soul pack.”
Tony jolts and grimaces. Wolverine is eating again – in his lab – again. “Yes, no. I’m not sure. From what I can tell the nanites or whatever the technology was that interfaced with the God Machine did it on a quantum level. That led to the collapse of the God Machine and the entrapment of the Ornari and Steve in the field.”
Before he can muster a response, Obie’s back and tugging Tony away to another group within the Conclave. Steve glances at the good doctor and clears his throat. “I’m glad to meet you, sir.”
“And if the outside world interrupts it, who knows what will happen,” Tony says. He crosses the short distance between them, standing behind Steve, but wrapping his arms around his waist. “I get it. I feel it too. I don’t want the world intruding on us. Not just yet.”
“Bisexual. You like gals and guys.”
“The worm. All gone. Wiped away with Ultron.”
It looks like they used some kind of nightmare bone growth hormone with an underlying wire mesh to forge the bottom part of the cage directly into Steve's joint. He barely gets himself back together when he hears Sam in his ear.
He thinks about the message. The words spin about in his head. Even though Friday said the words he can hear them in Pepper’s voice, sad, small. She hates to break bad news to him. Lying his head back on the cushions, he says, “Friday text to Pepper: why?”
Pepper whines but it’s not a cry, more like a whimper as she works on the removing the reactor. “Yeah, I’ve got it.”
It riles him and he refutes Steven’s conclusion. “I’ve been a supporter of the abolitionists for ages. In fact, you can find some of my more public fights with my father on the Viz-nets.”
“Today, I think you will,” Clint says. With malice, he batters at Steve with the sword.
“Yes, if you want. Otherwise we can just jump forward and give you the injection of the nanites once I’m sure I have the programming right,” Tony says. It’s not like disentangling particles is an easy task. Just an impossible one, and who said Tony Stark didn’t do the impossible ten times a day? “Then we inject the nanites and they do their job. You’ll be free of him. Part of the procedure will actually tell us if it’s real or not. The nanites will be harmless to you, and should only affect the resonance. If it works, the connection is lost. If it doesn’t, well we have a different and perhaps psychological issues on our hands.”
“Kind of feel like this is the last time we’re going to be here,” Tony said. His shoulders were slumped, curled forward. “Gonna miss it. I didn’t have a place like this.”
“How about a couple more?” Tony says and slips in another finger. The nanites help him adjust and his body responds instantaneously.
“Yeah,” Steve says but he doesn’t look down at Tony. “Really sick. He’s a war veteran.”
Yet, the lion twists in Tony’s arms, struggling and growling in the wind. He’s not sure what the animal wants and with a few short seconds before they hit the rocky terrain below, Tony doesn’t have any time to figure it out, but then the big cat’s front paws go around Tony, holding onto him. His massive head braces against Tony’s, the softness of the mane cushioning his head. He tries manually to force the suit to turn in the air so that he can take the brunt of the fall. Maybe the metal alloy of the suit will save them. But it’s all in vain, the ground is far too close, and the armor is dead in the sky.
Steve chuckles as he folds the dish towel and the picks up the pot of coffee, refilling Tony’s mug for him. “A little. My mother used to be exasperated a lot.”
The next moments blur – they make their way to the bed. Wine bottle gone, glasses – who knows where. The lube and condoms get tossed on the bed. Their hands never stop. It’s a rage of emotions and Tony overheats. He tears away his clothes and Steve’s are gone along with them.
“I’ll concede that. We might need it,” Steve said. He went back to Maria. “Make sure that we have a clear view of everything going on. Send it through the comms. Only one pack member actually needs to hear it, doesn’t matter who. If someone loses a comm, the other pack members can warn them one way or the other through the soul bond.”
“Downward part of the curve?” Tony pulls up a stool and sits at the island. He doesn’t touch the fries. The sandwich was more than enough for him.
He says nothing only directs her to the jailhouse and they all end up climbing the stairs to find Tony on all fours, struggling to inhale, pale, and drooling on the floor. Bruce scrambles to his side first as Pepper helps by righting him.
“What do you want Tony?” His glower could be used a national defense.
After a long pause, Steve says, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked. It’s not my business. Would you like assistance to the table?”
“Other things?” Tony asks. He walks into the room, only waiting a second for the omega to follow him. He does, although there’s a hesitation in his step. Tony spins on his heel and considers the man. “Like hack into my computer system and study my family tree.”
“God, Sheriff, I said-.” He howls as Steve downs his entire length, suckling. He’s hungry for it, he laps and rings his tongue along the underneath until Tony’s gripping the arms of the chair he’s sitting in. He jerks up into Steve’s mouth. Encouraging, Steve pushes his hands under Tony to support him, allowing him to thrust into Steve’s mouth with abandon.
His intentions were true. He honestly believed he would keep all lines open, that he would use the soul bonds, his pack, as his foundation, his anchor. Yet the same time Steve actively worked to keep it at a distance. Maybe he fooled himself, he refused to think about it. But as he stood facing off with Bucky something changed – his core vibrated with such agony the only thing he could do in order to finish the job was to shut it all down. He focused on one thing, the Helicarriers and getting them down. The man before him – he closed off and only thought of as the Winter Soldier. Saving him would be second, and it pained Steve down to his core, to his marrow to admit that, to battle with the automaton with his friend’s face.  Echoes from the soul pack reverberated again and again like a constant knocking on the door, but he ignored it. He shunned his pack and forged onward, fighting his friend as if it was the last thing he would do.
Except for Pierce. Now a general of the First Order, and answering to the mysterious Sith Lord, the Red Skull. The Sith who abducted Steve seventeen months ago and imprisoned him.
“About 300 miles, sir.”
“I know, but that’s how it was back then,” Steve said. Was he that way? Part of his soul trembled with fear of not knowing who he was anymore. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to deal with this. What I am supposed to do with it.”
He picked up the phone and scrolled through the site until he got to a section on love and the soul bond. Most soul packs were close, closer than families. His soul pack stayed dispersed and jumbled. Maybe that was part of the problem. Wong was right. Of course the sorcerer was right. Steve had been playing with fire for two long years.
That wasn’t the Captain America Tony knew and loved. He barely fought. The strains of his torture clarified to Tony. Whatever they had done from electrical shock to rape had stripped away Steve’s reserves. Before they had been captured, Tony had already drunk too much. Now, Steve had little left to protect himself.
“I could set you up as a Resident Artist, you know. I could set you up on one of the Stark planets.”
Through clenched teeth, Peppers says, “I’ll remind you to keep your voice down.”
“They do that to you in the prison?”
Leaving the elevator, he strides down the hallway toward his living quarters. He climbs a few stairs that are more for decoration that anything else. He slots his thumb into the reader and the door clicks open. Once he passes through the threshold, he exhales and slumps down in a seat not far from the entranceway. Sitting in the dark, he tries not to let the frozen silence penetrate into his senses, but with each day it becomes more of a battle.
“What you had within that other life, isn’t yours. Not anymore.” Logan faces him then, his eyes piercing and brutal. “We had something. We had something based reality. Our reality.”
He looks back at Nat and says, “We don’t have much time.”
“Put that in your pocket. It’s small enough that it shouldn’t bother you.”
“Language my ass, I’m fucking cold,” Steve says and this time the match strikes true. The flare of the flame startles him and he stares at it entranced for a second before Tony’s quaking jolt him back to reality. Turning to the fireplace, he starts the kindling and it bursts into flames easily enough. It’s a little smoky because of how wet it is, but it will do.
“I changed my mind, sunshine. I’m going to make love to you.” Tony leaned down and licked at Steve’s wound, releasing a tiny bit of the paralytic. Steve groaned as he felt it work through his body. “Now I have a captive audience. Now, I’m going to show you how much I love you.”
Tony kissed his chest and rubbed his hard cock against Steve’s fleshy erection. The difference in texture sent a wild rush through Tony and Steve reflected it, a shudder running through him in response. He knew Steve loved to take him just as he ached for Steve. But there wasn’t time and they both needed the connection. Delaying his satisfaction no more, Tony bit down with a sharp stab of Steve’s pectoral sending his mate into full blow orgasm. It only took one full gulp of heated blood to cause Tony’s body to answer. The pulse of life blasted through him more like the heart of an explosion than a wave. His whole body juddered. Every neuron he’d had as a mortal came alive and sang out, pulsating and hot with the memory of living. His brain burst into white stars and the night faded as he became the sun. He floated there, bathing in the aftermath until he felt a slight caress on his cheek and he realized he’d hung on a little too long. He disengaged his fangs and slipped off Steve. They still lay there, entangled and quaking from their dual climaxes.
“Safe house? Oh,” Sam said and grumbled under his breath. “Why didn’t you just come to my door?”
Steve chewed on his lower lip. The duffle bag fell to the floor with a clang and he put his hands on his hips. “We shouldn’t do this to you.”
“Now yours,” Tony says and tugs Steve onto the bed. He explores the width of his shoulders before going to unbutton the shirt and vest. He glides his hands down to the small of Steve’s waist and there’s a little puff of air that Steve release in response. Tony goes to the buttons, the vest and shirt are taken away and he’s left with a t-shirt. “What are you trying to do to me?” He laughs a little and yanks the shirt off over Steve’s head.
before they were both pushed through it by a surprisingly strong Wong and then the whole thing shut down. They had fallen on the opposite side of the portal, in a small room that looked like a place that might have been built sometime in the middle ages.
Steven straightens his shoulders and, with a minute shake of his head, says, “No.”
“What is it?” He accepts the small brown bottle.
“If you will, I will go and get my supplies,” Thor says.
He thought about the plane, crashing it, the cold rush of water, and death or not death. The fleeting memories of a frigid hell, thinking he’d gone to hell and the dark gloom of the ocean his eternal damnation. It was a wonder he hadn’t lost his mind entirely. But maybe he had and this whole thing was a delusion. A knock jogged him out of his thoughts. He put down the files and went to open the door. Before it was even cracked, Stark pushed his way into the apartment, spun on his heel, and grimaced. Just his suit alone would have bankrupted Steve back in the day.
“Being Da is part of you, too.”
This was my attempt at writing a soul mate story about Steve and Bucky. It didn't take off so I shelved it.
Steve peers out of the elevator around the corner and see the glass door to the underground garage. “Yes. Looks like it.”
“No. I just wanted to know if you could go and get a blanket, and a fully stocked picnic basket.”
With the table positioned in the middle of the main room, the visuals around it play with the ocean waves and the rocky shore. It’s calming and soothing. Tony looks around and says, “JARVIS pulled up my old residence. I used to live here a long time ago.”
“So tight, so fucking tight. So, so good.” Tony shoves and rocks; he’s lost in the feeling, Steve’s seen it before, but at the same time the prince watches Steve. He never takes his eyes off Steve. There’s something yearning there in his gaze, in his eyes, as if he longs for a connection, he’s never had.
Steve beams. “I’d like that.”
“It’s a barn, and no we don’t homeschool. The kids, they know what to do,” Clint’s wife said and then she offered her hand to Sam. “I’m Laura.”
It’s over an hour later when Tony’s randomly reading one of the books that Wong brought – it’s a boring period book – when Friday announces, “Incoming text from Steve.”
THE END
“How’d you know about the Chromes, what we did there? How’d you know about anything at all?”
Until the irritation of life came back to grapple with him, to bring him back from the brink, to lay him on the shores of the Potomac. He only felt a rumbling in his awareness, like a light passing breeze shifted over him. No flesh against flesh, no skin to skin contact but as the shade who saved him dropped him on the bank. The words bubbled up even as water cascaded out of his mouth being ejected from his lungs. Bleary-eyed he rasped, “Brother.”
If Ultron physically speared him through the heart it would hurt less. He licks his lips and fists his hands, trying to steady himself. “You’re not him.”
Someone was talking to him and then stroked his arm. “Steve? Steve? Are you okay?” Tony asked. The red of his irises shone bright as if the fear and anger roiling inside of Steve boiled in Tony as well. “Do you need to sit down?”
Sam eyed him, but it was Clint who pulled him away. “Hey, new guy, buy me a cup of coffee.”
*oOo*
Jogging through the underbrush, they make it to the ridge line in no time. The rocky slope to the base should be easy enough to traverse except it's exposed. Bucky looks to Sam.
Steve swallows hard and nods. Thankfully, she dismisses herself and then Steve’s able to collapse on the bed. Part of the Fleet. Tony’s idea. He mulls it over and he can only come up with one conclusion – Tony likes him. He wants to present him as part of his crew. Steve can’t help himself from swooning.
He reached out and touched Steve’s hand just to see – just to find out if something would happen. Steve lay still like the grave and that thought drilled a hole wide and gaping in Tony’s chest. What if Steve had succumbed to his wounds and died? What if Tony bonded only never to feel and know the potency of the bond, never to know Steve at all? It ached more than the pain of the arc reactor ever did. But the touch, the touch only whispered something that Tony found hard to comprehend, so he closed his eyes and listened.
Tony had never been happier in Howard’s presence than at that moment. A moment that drifts away from him as he sits up on the cot in the middle of a cave in somewhere Afghanistan, his chest aching and his head pounding. He never did get to go on that Arctic Ocean trip. Howard went on a drinking binge and beat his mother and Tony. His mother packed their bags and they spent the next year in Italy until Howard came sniveling to her on bended knee. It happened that the company was in trouble and he desperately needed her money to fund it. The stock price had bottomed out. She was the only way to save the company. Maria and Tony.
When he breaks away, Steve asks, “Do you want me to take the edge off a like? Blow you first?”
Tony puts his hand up in Steve’s general direction. “I can get upstairs on my own. Get everyone and we can start. Okay?”
She opened her eyes then and nothing but loss gazed back at him. “You already did it to us, Tony. You already did.”
“What’s the note say?” Tony joins Steve at the corner of the island to get a look at the note. It’s in Natasha’s handwriting. “It says, Clint owes me a hundred bucks.”
She shrugs. “What’s there to do, make a choice? I’m good at a lot of things, Sheriff. But love isn’t one of them. Love is for children.”
Tony was banking on Steve being frightened or doubtful of SHIELD. Yet, Steve had always been doubtful and questioning of anyone he’d ever worked for even the grocery down at the end of the block when he was in his teenage years. His mother would roll her eyes and sigh dramatically when Steve would come home raging about prices and fighting for a single penny in change. Steve came back to the moment. “It is important, but I am not sure it will work out like you think it will.”
It was different, Tony tells himself.
“It’s okay, it’s going to be okay.”
Steve had been the first to arrive. When Tony entered the lodge, Steve had been stocking the shelves of the kitchen and refrigerator with loads of groceries even though Tony had called ahead to have the resort they were staying on shop and deliver for them. Steve had only mumbled an apology about metabolism requirements and left it at that.
“Hey.”
“There are some workers. Minimal staff from what we understand.” Pepper unbuckled. “They have strict instructions about who can come and who can enter.”
“Not to me,” Tony says. “For years I had a friends with benefits thing going on with Pepper. We even talked about getting married, but I couldn’t see hurting her every time I went through cycle.  I love you and I want you to be more than just my omega.”
Steve exhales. At least he doesn’t have to worry about being thrown out an airlock just yet. “My prince-.”
Tony laughs. “Seriously, Steve you do know that a station is a ship, right? That it has an engine and thrusters and has to continually use them not to drift, right?” Of course, Steve knows all these things but being on Prime and being in a bulky spaceship that stinks of urine and sweaty bodies is another thing entirely. Tony opts to take sympathy on Steve’s uncertainty. He grips Steve’s shoulder. “You are in for a treat.”
“I don’t know, Steve. It looks pretty damning.”
“How long has it been?” Tony asks quietly. “I mean erase the time in the ice. How long has it been since she passed?”
It must help Steve not to look Tony in the face. “I shouldn’t have done that to you. I used you like I’m some kind of -.” A low weeping sound erupts. “Like some kind of beast. I’m sorry. That’s all I am. All I’ll ever be.”
Steve chuckled and closed his eyes as he sat with the tray over his lap and his lax hand on the power drink. “Certainly is weird. It’s strange that no scientist can actually figure it out. That all these years since it first appeared in the Middle Ages, people still don’t understand it.”
“Everything here is metaphysical,” Frigga says with a grin. “But my words of advice would be to discuss what you have never discuss and see where it leads.” She passes her hand over the opening and it dims until they cannot see outside the small space.
“I might not exactly understand that reference, but I understand that reference,” Steve said and chuckled as Tony screwed up at his face.
This wasn’t death. This was the dreamscape again. Tony shed all his reservations and hurried toward the light. The light meant Steve, the light tugged and pulled him because Steve beckoned him. He ran to the light. It danced away from him. He hurried through the darkness that stole ever closer and aimed toward the light. It flittered like snow flurries, a swirl of light that came and went.
“Look at all the goodies! And Luke let me pay instead of giving it to me for free. Isn’t it great?”
“Actually, a little over an hour. I’m sorry I didn’t give you much of a break, I just got into it.”
“While we lay low. Are you hanging with me or someplace else?” Tony hated to push the point.  Of course, Bruce knew about Steve, but Tony only knew that Bruce didn’t have a mate. Or Tony figured he never mated because he carried the damned cooler everywhere.
Sam blinked a few times and surveyed the strange medical bay again. Steve sympathized with his confusion. When he woke up in Wakanda he’d thought he somehow ended up in the distant future – again.
“And if I win and you don’t know it?”
Tony chuckled. “That is not sexy, you know.”
“Tony.” He gulps. “Sorry, Prince Tony – no. That’s not right either. It’s Prince Anthony. I do his security. The commander of the fleet is here too but he doesn’t do ship security like I do. He’s like big battle general type of thing. But I never get the ranks and all that right. Just know security.”
Silently, Steve looked back to the distant house and the reverberations of pack and family hit him. It hurt more than he wanted to confess. “It’s just that it will never be me.”
It surprises Tony that Steve’s careful with his speech as well. He must be cognizant of the idea that a spy organization might be surveilling its own. He has progressed a long way or he was never all that naïve in the first place. “And us?”
“Hill, can you do anything to help out?” Natasha asked, seemingly ignoring Tony. Yet the streams from her soul – and, fuck, he read her soul – tensed like a cocked gun that was ready to fire. Her outward appearance belied the underlying worry.
With one hand pressed down on his chest, forcing him to still, Tony angles his hips and thrust. Steve slams his fist down on the table. The dishes left there jump in response. Tony snickers and slowly withdraws until he’s nearly only teasing Steve’s entrance.
“You’re not endangering the mission and stop with the pop culture references,” Steve reminds him.
“Posh! No. Get the tux on, you’re coming along now. We don’t have much time.”
“And I’m not so opposed to it. It’s just -.” Saying it was a new discovery for Steve made it sound like he was about fifteen years old, just found out about masturbation, and was confessing it to his buddies. “New.”
“Yes?”
“Help! Steve! Help us!”
“Why an artist?”
“Not now, let’s go,” she says and he swallows back his reaction.
After the conversation dies down and the lightning bugs flicker over the long fields of the compound, rising up to the Spring tree tops, the members of the Avengers drift away until only Steve and Tony are left.
Captain America – Steve Rogers – became a hooker, a sex worker in New York City due to a number of reasons. But underneath those reasons stood out the one thing, the most important reason of all. Being a hooker was the one thing he could do to forget and lose himself. He couldn’t get drunk, everyone knew that. That also meant he couldn’t do drugs. He might use the excuse of needing the money to take care of his friends and himself, to keep everything under the radar, but the truth of the matter remained that Captain America wanted to forget. He was as damaged as the people across the hall. He used sex as his drug of choice.
“There’s some that will probably be too small,” Tony says and stands up, tucking what looks like a car battery under his arm and walking the length of the cave to a pile of what looks like rags. He digs through them and finds a shirt. “It’s small but it might do.” He tosses it to Steve who catches it without really looking.
“I think I liked fine better.”
He blanks out, a tide of release – the pent up anxiety of wanting an omega, the worries about the coming Council meetings, and finally the desire for the chair all wash over him and he’s free from it. If only for a few fleeting moments. He opens his eyes for a moment to see his come smear over the throbbing knot, across the abused mouth of his omega.
“Oh, you need to move aside. Seriously, all of you need to give the poor man room to breathe. You may not need to breathe, but he does.” As the group of Divini and vampire moved from the bed, a young teenaged girl with her dark hair done in braids on either side of her head greeted Steve. “How is my patient today?”
“To be my hands and my eyes. I need someone to help me draft the new implant and the new phase of the glasses. I have to have everything ready in less than three months.” Tony moves through the lounge, the data streaming through the glasses navigates for him and he follows. The delay is minor, and he’s learned to move in certain ways and at a certain pace not to be hindered by delays or glitches. “Drink?”
While they danced the servants must have been hard at work, because the dinner has been cleared away and flutes of champagne and a bowl of black cherries sits in the middle of the table. Or what Steve assumes to be black cherries.
“I could strip you down and parade you like a dog through the ship.”
“Yes, I know. Apparently, there’s been a few attempts on his life, so he traveled here early to avoid any issues. That means you need to be at his quarters in the next hour.”
Tony deflates a degree. “Me. He’s limited by my limitations.” He taps his forehead and it oddly reminds Steve of when Winnie the Pooh would knock on his own head and say
From the dark shadows to the cell, a hose was pulled from the wall. Before Steve finished shuddering, the water blasted him. The cold shot at him and tore away at his flesh. His wounds started to bleed again. The agent pointed the nozzle at his face and Steve braced himself, but the rush of water pounded at him and he gasped for breath. Water got into his mouth and nose. He battled for air as the water cascaded over him. He raised his head, looking straight up at his shackled hands only to have the hose directed at his face. He turned away as much as he could. His body instinctively tried to curl in on itself, but the bindings imprisoned him and let the water slam into his frame. The frigid liquid ate away at his resolve, poured over him, an unwanted memory freezing him in time. He quaked and begged the Almighty to stop, to save him. A long time ago, a different life time, Steve witnessed the worst of human beings in a war that ravaged the lands. It also killed off what faith and hope Steve had had at time, but he always came around, he always believed. Now as he swung on the adamantium chains and the water’s violent torrent jetted over him, his hopes dissipated, and his mind latched on to the only comfort he knew in these new and horrible times.
Yinsen is a good companion. He knows when to talk and when to keep silent. He’s also brilliant but unassuming, very unlike Tony. As they eat, Tony lifts his chin to their roommate. “What’s up with old Blu?”
“This isn’t helping.” He buries his head in his folded arms. Maybe he should just go outside and let the cold eat away at his flesh. Let the blizzard winds take him.
Tony stands up and shakes his head. “No. I’ll get dressed but you stay here. I need you to rest. Whether you want to admit it or not, you’ve been through an ordeal. I’d like to know you’re safe and well-rested.”
Iron cuffs tightened around his legs at the ankle. The weakness sickened Tony brought a rising miasma into his brain until a delirious fever shuddered through him. The arm around his throat dropped away, but then someone clamped a leather collar around his neck that must have been linked to the cross. It forced his head upright so that he could not escape staring at the sun as it rose in the sky. He shut his eyes, but his lids felt like sandpaper. No more tears wet his eyes as the sun’s rays beat through his lids.
“Kind enough,” Steven says. “Like you said, we were not lovers. He loved his wife deeply. We were great friends, I owed him a lot. He took me as an omega when his previous omega died-.”
“One of my employees thought of satellites that deploy drones to surveil and fight but what if someone gets their hands on it. They could manipulate it, cause all kinds of harm.”
Cho stands there with her face turn to the screen she’s moved in front of her. She doesn’t focus on him, but he can tell she’s blanked out from the data she’s supposed to be reading. She taps the screen with her thumb. “You could die.”
“Colonel,” Steve says. “I’m sorry. I was just-.” He points to the exit.
“Sharon, Sarah, or Susan?” Tony asks as he follows the curve of the initials.
“Let me and the pack horse go first, don’t tug on the reins. Let her watch the horse in front of her and follow. Sway with it, let your body follow the horse’s motion.”
Tony’s mouth is on his, exploring and begging entrance. A moan escapes him as he allows the prince to push toward him, tongue tasting, teeth nibbling. Steve grasps onto Tony, trying to balance them so they don’t topple over but the sensation, the thrill of Tony’s tongue hunting him, pursuing him conquers him and he arches into the feeling, crying out as he does.
“Yes?”
“You should have called me. I could have helped. I know you don’t like the cold.”
Next week chapter - Steve and Tony finally confront one another.
Lower center of gravity. Less chance to fall over. He recognizes he's in the slow path to insanity but decides it's better than the alternative of admitting to himself that he might be about to be murdered. With that in mind, Tony parks the car and then gets out. Always keeping his eyes to the crumbling buildings near the water, he rounds the car and triggers the trunk to open. He loads up with all of his supplies, using one of the canvas bags he bought. He slams the trunk and considers the buildings.
Tony licks his lips. “Just the people you were hiding out with in Wakanda, Cho and her people. Me, that’s it.” He fists his one hand. “Ross thinks I’m in Wakanda as a Tech exchange ambassador kind of thing.”
“What? Why? What the fuck does he have to do with it?” Tony stops dead in his tracks. An inkling that he might be missing a vital piece of information pops up and crawls over his skin. “Bruce, what are you not telling me?”  He wants to be threatening, but even with all his bravado, Tony knows that provoking a man that can pound him into the wall is not the best life choice.
That elicited a small spurt of come and Tony smiled. He reached over to the table, knowing he would find lube there – and knowing that it would be from the modern world, not the world that once was. He popped open the cap and said, “I need you to relax.”
“Come on, get into bed, I’ll get us something to eat.”
“My doctor, neurologist really. He’s going to check the implant. I want to do some upgrades so I need his input.” Tony goes back to his seat at the island, sliding onto the stool.
Tony pulls away and Steve feels empty for the loss of his heat, the loss of his touch. “You don’t want to go down that path.”
He'd called ahead but never elaborated on the urgency of his visit. He steps inside once Sharon waves him through the threshold. He’s surprised to see her here; he'd thought she had a government job.
“I don’t need a teenaged kid as my omega. How the hell would that look at the Council?” Tony says. Plus the idea of knotting a kid – that is perverse. He might believe that omegas are a lower class by biology alone, but he doesn’t agree with some of the practices that alphas engage in. Without a doubt alphas have the right to knot and bond, but he doesn’t like the idea of forcing a kid.  Omega children are simple and not sophisticated, nothing like alphas or betas. They are raised to be warriors, to die for an alpha. Or they are raised to be drones, to satisfy an alpha. It is as simple as the science of their biology – and An’Tony is all about science.
Up next: Unknowns come into play and Steve makes a leap...
“You’re his personal assistant, Steve. We hired you so something like this would be prevented, stopped. Your main task was to keep him safe.”
“She died during your deployment?”
Tony rips away the welding mask as he turns off the torch. “Chatter?”
As Steve showers, he mentally lists out all the things he needs to do before going back to the prince’s quarters for dinner. Finding out the timing for the dinner tops the list, but then he needs to get his plug and other tools clean. He wonders if they have a proper place to sterilize around here. He scrubs his hair and his body, wishing to have his hose and nozzle to clean out. He washes thoroughly and finishes quickly. If he learned one thing in the Beyond Regions is to be frugal about water. He towels dry and takes special care with his hair. He shaves both his face and his genitals. Luckily, he’s used to it by now and doesn’t get such a rash.
“I’ve had worse,” Steve responds and offers Tony the thin broth with what appears to be rice, but could just as well be maggots. He tells himself it’s protein and he doesn’t want his balls to swell up with beriberi so he should just eat it and be quiet.
“Stark!” Natasha yelled. He turned and looked at her. “Drink. Now! Your lips are blue, and your eyes are completely white.”
Clint licks at his lips and the ship jitters. There’s not much of the ship that will withstand more of the attack. If they want to get out of here, they have to save the ship. “Okay, okay. Get back there, I’m coming in low and hot. I’m dropping you and you better hope the Force is with you because you’re gonna need it.”
“Well, something like that, but not really. Mom was a free thinker.” There’s a wistful longing in Steve’s tone that Tony files away for later. He’d like to know what it means someday.
“Good, good.” Tony goes to his knees, feels for the blanket and then sits down on it. “Glad you talked me into the hoodie. It’s chilly up here.”
College turned into everything Tony hoped and everything he feared. He drank too much, studied all the time, partied more than that and cried in his apartment alone. He spent many hours in his posh apartment clutching Blu and whispering how he wanted more than this – more than a life tied to death and tied to his name – Stark. It wasn’t until he met Rhodey in his second year and last year as an undergrad that things changed. Sure, he still drank, still partied, still studied, but Rhodey gave him more purpose, more hope. Rhodey liked him. Tony left Blu behind more and more. He figured it was okay. Since it was just a sign of growing up. He figured Blu didn’t really need him. After all, he was just a toy. This wasn’t Toy Story and Blu didn’t miraculously come alive when Tony left the room. The little toy ended up in a corner of his room, stuffed on a shelf behind a collection of philosophical books on the greater meaning of theoretical physics.
Tony shook his head. “Didn’t see any type of monitoring devices when I searched the cabin.” He frowned in thought. “But then again, I don’t know how magic monitors things.”
“He’s not your fake boyfriend either.” She flips her hand over and clasps his hand. “He’s gone, Tony.”
Even as they ran, Tony gasped, “JARVIS is offline. They sabotaged my AI. They got in through my defenses. I don’t know. I don’t know how!” He cracked as they hurried toward the elevator and the tunnel to the garage. “I sent the code directly to the copter to get out of here. I don’t know how it happened. I don’t know.” The endless loop of fear and anxiety caught Tony in its grasp, knotting him up, making his brilliant mind useless. “God, I sent Happy out, but what about the rest? I don’t even know if they’re safe, if Happy is okay.”
“Have you asked him?”
“So, he is all right,” Steve says. The tension drains from his back and neck.
“I have called the ambulance, sir. They will be here in less than one minute. They are only around the corner as I track them.”
Slowly, he begins to kiss again, taking his time. Kissing and tasting where Tony will allow until he’s bringing his cock to life again with his mouth. Tony writhes and cries as Steve brings him to fruition. He swallows the bit of semen, realizing he never grabbed a condom. He tells himself it doesn’t matter.
“I don’t,” he replied. “I worked side by side with Vampires during the war. The real war, WWII. We wouldn’t have won against Hydra or the Nazis without vampires.”
Tony glances at him, winks and says, “No reason to be shy, Captain, I know I’m a hell of a catch even in this worthless existence.”
“It’s okay, Tony. It’s not a big deal.” Steve wants to hurry this along. He needs to sit down. His knees tremble against the weakness threatening.
“The first time really wasn’t my fault.” He raises an eyebrow. “I hope it’s not only the stockholders who have a problem with it. Do you not like it?”
“Anything, Tony, anything.”
“I can’t,” Steve said. He needed to get his head in gear and get Sam out of the room. He had to think this through, figure out what the hell was going on with his astral projection and with the entire soul pack. So he settled. When he eyed Sam, Steve stopped his complaints. He buried them, letting out only calm waves along the bonds.For now. “I can’t believe it, that’s all. Tony hasn’t exactly been a great member of the team.”
“Already wearing it.” Steve smiles.
“Oh, Tony. I know why you married him.” She blushes – full on blush that pinks her cheeks and reddens her neck. “It’s nice to meet you as well, Steve.” Steve stands to the side, obviously giving his seat to Pepper. “Oh no. You sit next to your husband, Steve. I’m just here because Tony’s going to have to make some announcements and clear some issues up with the Board of Directors.”
“And you Hulked out?” Tony concluded. “Sorry, pretty obvious.”
For a moment, Tony sees something pass over her expression – a pained almost despairing look. He stops before he heads to the bonding room below sea level. “I won’t hurt him. I might be a dom, but I’m not malicious. That’s not my nature.”
Tony kisses him completely and when he releases him, he says, “I’m not. I’m telling the truth.” They are close enough to breath on one another but far enough away that Steve can see the earnestness in the prince’s eyes. “You’re sincere, I can see it and know it in everything you do and say.” Tony tangles his legs with Steve’s and presses down on him, kissing and exploring. When he comes up for air he says, “We missed our date in the station’s observatory. Would you come with me to tomorrow night?”
“Is that supposed to be an apology?”
“It’s okay. Whatever you need.”
He accepted the invitation. Words jumbled in his head. It had been weeks since he actually put together a conversation worthy of more than a few sentences. He’d kept to himself.  He asked for privacy and they gave it to him without any qualms or pressure. So, his words were dry dust in his mouth. “I don’t know what to say.”
“I don’t doubt you will,” she says. “Because life doesn’t hand you a way out, you gotta find it yourself, or you have to dig your way out. What are you going to do, Sheriff?”
He glances at the omega watching him from the cell. There’s something eerie about the way he regards Tony. “I don’t know. I just have a feeling.”
“Well you need to suffer, considering,” Tony said and tried to walk away. But his pride and his excitement just wouldn’t let him leave it like that. Spinning on his heels, he raised his eyebrows and said, “I didn’t tell you but a certain Captain of all that is Spangley thinks he might be attracted to the same sex.”
“Your status as a Royal Escort means you don’t do these things for yourself anymore.” Natasha puts a hand on each of his shoulders. “Take care, Steve.” She kisses his cheek.
Next up: Tony doesn't deal well.
“More than you can know,” Tony said and grappled for Steve again.
“But if you remember this-?” Tony indicated the tent and the supplies to thaw him all piled up in the corners of the tent.
“Sonnets?”
Tony presses his weight against Steve’s arm. Steve steps into the touch, yearning for more but not knowing if it’s allowed. “It’s a Road King, tricked out special. Gold and Red. Isn’t she a beaut? Most have a Milwaukee Eight standard engine, but I did my own enhancements way beyond the normal touring models. Also has direct connectivity to Friday and Twin cooled and a torque that makes it the best around for anything your heart desires.”
Unless of course there were unknowns Tony hadn’t considered.
Tony clasps his hands against the scars of his chest. “That’s so different than how I grew up. I fell for it, what my father said about other people. For a while I terrorized the staff and was a little dictator all around until Jarvis took me in hand-.”
Even now as the taxi made it through the increasingly compressed streets of Mumbai, Tony gags at the memories of what had been on that thumb drive.
Steve grasps Tony’s hand. “You never told me your mother was in the fine arts. What was her specialty?”
“Hi – sorry is this Darling?” There’s a delay with the words and it sounds distant, like someone might be on a speaker phone.
Steve joins him in his laughter. “I don’t think I intended for you to hear that.”
“Oh.” She paused before she took in a breath and then released it. “You be safe.” Her voice sounded small, distant, and frightened.
“Not normal!” Natasha spewed out another diatribe in Russian. Thor answered her but then they both quieted as the reporter announced that the King of Wakanda opposed the plan. The television switched to T’Challa standing at a podium in front of a scene that included a huge black panther statue.
“Put the portfolio on the desk,” Tony says. He has no intention of actually looking at it. But once the candidate places his portfolio on the desk, Tony takes it and opens it. He doesn’t really focus on it at all. “Tell me about yourself.” He pauses. “Steve.” That’s his name. That’s what Pepper told him anyway. Pepper promised him not to mix up names again. It really is embarrassing when he calls candidates by the wrong name.
Bruce growled and everyone stopped. He chuckled. “That actually worked. I can’t believe it worked.”  He cleared his throat. “Let the man sleep. Go outside and fight. Not here.”
In front of him a holographic display of the prince’s schedule appears. A quick review of it reveals that the schedule leaves the prince with little time to himself or even to eat properly. Steve grumbles and crosses his arms over his chest.
“You like it?” Tony’s voice falls an octave and when Steve peeks his gaze over his shoulder to look at Tony, he spies the heated want in Tony’s expression.
Steve snickers. “Well, I don’t think that would be the case here, either, but no. We can’t have children. It’s not in our nature.”
When his mind turned to Tony and his heart fluttered in response, he needed to grab the side of the shower and hold himself steady or else he would collapse. What the hell was he going to do? How was he going to handle Bucky
Steve presses down with his full weight. “Bucky, I promise, listen to me, I promise.”
Steve suppresses a smile and quirks an eyebrow. “You know that’s getting pretty old.”
“Don’t worry about it, Stevie.” Bucky sipped his beer. Imported it was obscenely expensive, but Steve wanted to do right by his friend, his brother before he left the settlement. “Be back before you know it.”
The room is much like he last saw it, but the desk is littered with papers. He supposes that Steve must have brought some Avenger paperwork with him. He’s always been a stickler for reports. He goes to the lounge and retrieves his tablet but slows in front of the desk. He pauses – stopping to look. He knows he shouldn’t look. This is Steve’s private room. It’s an invasion of privacy and they just started a relationship that they both professed to be honest with each other. Something strikes him and he can’t help but look.
Tony seethed. “You need help!”
“So-.” Tony stopped and tilted his head as he studied Steve. The firelight flashed over his face, glowing gold. “So you would consider it?”
“Dinner with Bruce?” Tony frowned. Of course, it wasn’t about him, but about the soul pack. Could today get any worse? He snapped, “I’m not his secretary. You can call him and ask him. I’m not his keeper.” He went to cut the connection.
“You can’t, please,” he says and the idea, the very thought that his own decision on his health and well-being have been stolen from him hits worse than the pain tiding over him. “Don’t.”
Steve holds the hand with the smashed fry. “No, Tony.” Steve peels his fingers open to release the crumbs of the fry. “You’re not reading this wrong. I can’t -.”
With the Outriders they may be able to mount a direct attack on the Keep, but the problem remains that the Keep and its location serves to be a difficult fortress to run an assault. It also means a long battle. The Outriders are a primitive species and do well in short bursts, but not long drawn out battles.
“Step over me but face me. Put your feet on either side of the shield.” Steve thumps the packed snow around them.
Sam rolled his eyes and said, “Well, that’s the least romantic thing you’ve said to me.”
“I’d like to think taking myself out of the equation helped,” Steve says. Sure, he went back to see Peggy, to dance with her. Sure, he told her how to find her Steve in her timeline. Sure, he put all the stone away and then traveled further back in time to live out his life on the same damned planet Thanos had chosen – the Garden. He lived there until it was time to go back and hand off the shield. “It was a quiet life.”
He tugs at his jacket, thinking of the bonding room. Of course, he knew he would need to do this – it’s something that is required. He can’t have a feral omega at his side. A feral omega would be shot dead on sight, especially anywhere near the Council rooms. He doesn’t particularly like the idea of forcing himself on an omega, bonding to him, and then being linked to the man for the rest of their lives together. It doesn’t set up a nice foundation. But he lost the opportunity to bond cleanly at a young age when he rebelled against his nature.
"Sure," Steve replies but he doesn't sound so convinced. He finds some voice, but he struggles to form the words, the thoughts. "I thought, I thought we were just, meeting for a drink. In the saloon."
Jarvis comes back with a tablet and hands it to Steve. The screen is frozen on a video that’s been posted to twitter. His face is plastered on the screenshot.
“Oh that’s a good trio,” Tony had said and he forced himself not to jump up and scream to the heavens that Steve wasn’t dead, that there still was hope.
Steve finishes for him. “I see you for you. For Tony, not the prince.” He cringes and adds, “Well not just a prince.”
Steve glanced at Natasha who had turned away from him. Bruce presented a danger and Steve knew it. The idea that Bruce might be under the control of SHIELD always lurked in the back of his mind. He understood that Fury might be trying to protect Bruce’s position. SHIELD already knew about Bruce – about his affliction and his membership in the soul pack. It occurred to Steve then that Fury stood between the exploitation of the Hulk by SHIELD and Bruce’s freedom. Times like these gave Steve hope for this century.
CHAPTER 4
Tony barks out a laugh and slaps his thigh. “Lady in the ceiling. Friday did you hear that?”
“In name,” Steve agreed. “Maybe someday we’ll be more.” He wasn’t meeting Tony’s gaze. Instead he stared past Tony to the window as the plane lifted into the air.  Through the bond, he felt Steve’s distance and pain, again. Even trying to keep busy failed him. The pain seeped through and became his misery.
“No,” Steve says and looks down at their fingers laced together. “But I knew. I didn’t face it. I knew it in my bones but I never faced the truth about what Bucky had done to Tony’s parents.”
“It means, Sheriff Rogers, that I do not live by others’ rules.”
“It’s been a long time. She’d been gone a few years before I joined up. But I still miss her.” He puts the bowl down and tears off a large end of the bread. It steams in his hands as he butters it. “She’s the one who told me never to stand down. Always get back up.”
Leaning against Tony, Steve only nods and bites down on his lip as he begins the slow process of wrapping his wings inward toward his body. They drag on the floor, but he lifts them with a heave and flinches as he begins to close them. It hurts, and the pain it costs him afflicts his expression. A tiny droplet of blood runs from where he bites through his lower lip to mix with the tears streaming down his face.
“Sinful?” Steve barks back. “Sinful? To know the truth of what you’ve been doing all these years. How long has it been? How many souls have you consumed and erased from existence because of your hunger, your greed and want for power? This isn’t going to end well for you.”
“Maybe we should call Richards back up?” Bruce offers and places a hand on Tony’s shoulder. That’s a hard thing for Bruce to do, he always stays hands off.
“Yeah, I do, I get it,” Steve says. He’s naked and still wet. “I get that you and people like you don’t understand what happens to people like me. That I’m doing this and I do it well and there’s nothing wrong with it.”
“Captain Rogers is not having a seizure but seems to be in the midst of a panic attack.”
I want to say thank you for all the comments, feedback, and kudos. If I haven't answered your comment yet, I apologize. I am working on getting to all of them very soon.
“You okay?” Clint says and Steve peers up at him. He’s leaning in the doorway, arms crossed, eyes sharp and bright.
He wants to un-see what he’s witnesses, but he steels himself and watches as he tries to find an opening to stop the assault. Before him, Steve bends over an old rusted desk.  At first that’s all Tony sees, or allows himself to see. He focuses on Steve’s half closed eyes, that are not half closed because he’s in the throes of sexual pleasure but due to the swelling. Someone hit him hard enough to cause serious injury. They worked him over before they decided to fuck him.
“I’m not saying he isn’t. We all are faulty beings, but he’s been placed in a situation no one else has in the world. I know he’s hurting,” Bruce said as he went back into the bathroom. He called from the tiled room – the words echoing as he spoke. “You know, he needs this team. We’re his only family. Maybe we should all just do the bond thing and see if it works.”
“No. I read people’s body language and heat signatures. Yours clearly indicate you are unsettled by Prince Anthony’s overpacked schedule.”
“What exactly is that supposed to mean?” Tony asked and crossed his arms over his chest. Not only his body language, everything about the man screamed closed and hurt. Steve had to brace himself just to look at Tony.
“See you then,” Steve says. “Goodnight, Tony.”
“Well, I suppose it’s better than actually being thick with the actual thieves,” Steve spits back in all jest. He heard the stories about Scott’s more than dubious past antics.
Estane was wrong, so bitterly wrong. And Steven was right – in so many ways. Estane taught Tony as a child. He would sit with Tony in the gardens and teach him. Tony lapped it up like a dog at his feet. Estane told him that omegas were little more than animals with human bodies and faces.
“I’m not checking you out. Since you may be lugging heavy objects and may need to step in as a bodyguard for certain events, I want to make sure you’re up for the part.”
“You don’t want to take the chance of having an omega,” Steven says. “That would be embarrassing.” He doesn’t look at Tony as he states this only walks over to the bed area. It isn’t a place Tony finds that he wants the omega to frequent.
“Oh, I just.” Might as well own up to it. “I had to sterilize my plug and dildo. We try and keep everything clean and satisfactory for our clients at the Widow’s Brothel.”
“As was I,” Strange interrupted. “I assure you, Stark, I doubted as well. But the idea that there are forces outside our comprehension, that we exist behind the mere four dimensions, that we can tap it, is true. As I said, I can assure you of these facts.”
“What did happen?” He needed to know, the weakness impaled him but the desire to find out what had transpired energized him enough that he fought his way back to a sitting position. This thing, the blood inside of him, there was finally a reason. It wasn’t human. The weakness came from this other thing inside of him.
When Tony approaches, An’Natalia greets him and then her gaze meets Steven’s. For an instant Tony sees a pain cross over Steven’s face and he attributes it to the punishment. Natalie tilts her head and smiles with that credo that also makes Tony check and see if he has a poisoned dart in his neck.
“On the coffee table. The mug is at 7 o’clock on the tray and the cookies are at 2.” Tony hears Steve sips from his mug.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said. “I got an idea to help this along.” When Cooper and Lila returned with a handful of robot heads, Tony grinned. “Give her here.” They dropped their loot on the dining room table much to Laura’s chagrin, but she didn’t protest. Instead she marched the children back upstairs. He watched them go and then said, “I guess I’m going to owe them an apology.”
“Do you worry that the universe decided for you?” Tony asked, and he hated to ask it because it revealed his own fears.
“This will make things a little easier.” He dabs some of the yellow oil on his hands and then lightly lines Steve’s cock with his finger. It feels like fire, it feels like ice, it feels like his blood might sizzle and pop out of him. His nerves jump and skip and he’s panting now.
Tony gathered up the books and trudged over to his bed with the intent of sticking them under it. He could always pull one out when Howard yelled about it. As he pushed them under one of the books slipped off and flipped open. He started to read – he couldn’t help it.
“Still, I did it, didn’t I?” Steve lets out a troubled breath.
“Brainwashed?” Clint asked, and Tony could literally see his hackles rise. Bruce stopped dabbing the burn on his chest.
Tony laughs and it’s soft and yielding as if to telegraph his understanding. “It’s going to be hard to let you go.”
“Take care of yourself, Tony.”
“I didn’t see you trying,” Tony snaps. He sags with his shoulders slumping. “Sorry. No. I can do it if it’s necessary. But I figured the best part of this was that we don’t have to worry about taking our time to get it done. Of course, if the interface degrades that’s another story.”
Everhart closes the small distance between them. She’s inches from Tony. “My brother is deaf. All his life he’s had to live in a world not made for him, deal with people shouting at him like that’s going to help, think he’s an idiot because he doesn’t speak.” She looks Tony up and down and then says, “It’s time for him and others like him to have someone like you, someone in the spotlight, someone to be their hero, their advocate. I want to do this. I’ll give you a forum, all you have to do for me is promise me you’re not going to back out. You’re going to do this.”
With practiced hands, Steve stretches himself and uses the lube liberally. He always likes the way it feels, to be penetrated. It sends thrills down his spine and he feels a twitch in his flaccid cock. He figures most of his clients won’t care if he gets off, but it’s probably good to show interest. He’s glad the idea of being a sex worker doesn’t shame him, but in fact sends little shivers of delight and desire coursing through him. Once he believes he’s adequately stretched and ready, Steve slips the dildo out and places it on the sink. He washes his hands and then washes the dildo.
The dead indeed. Standing in the middle of the Barton kitchen Nick Fury managed to glare at them through the shades of his sunglasses. Tony wanted to act surprised, but the idea that Nick Fury survived multiple gunshot wounds and haunted the shadows and alleyways failed to move him at all. Glancing at Steve, Tony noted that dear old Cap wasn’t any more surprised than Nat or Sam. Thor had no idea that Fury was supposed to have kicked the bucket and greeted him with a hearty handshake and smack to the shoulder. Bruce stared wide-eyed at Fury like he might turn tail and run or at the very least turn into the Hulk and pout out by the apple orchard to the back of the barn.
Steve can’t stop himself, even if he wanted to, he couldn’t. The sound of Tony’s voice, soft and insistent causes him to thrust more firmly, holding onto Tony’s shoulders he keeps up the rhythm until he follows Tony, over the edge and the lights go out and the shadows cover him, he’s coming into Tony’s hand, sweating and panting as he does. It feels like a death, it feels like a birth, it feels like he’s broken out and found something new and frightening.
“And because it happened while I tried the bond, well, it split or something. Bruce had to repair it,” Steve said. He tried not to dwell on what he had seen, the astral projection of Clint shredded and splintered until Bruce mended it. Would it hold? Would it shatter again? That terrified Steve. “It’s been a day, and you said you had plans to fly home?”
“I didn’t mean it to be,” Steve said but he never let go of Tony’s hand.
Even now, as Steve turns over the events in his head, a pang deep and devastating exists. He can’t wipe it away. Tony hadn’t know him, though he professed he felt something for Steve as if he was a shadow of a memory. Tony had asked for patience, Steve couldn’t give it to him.
“Hey, here you go.” Steve announces as he enters the room. “I have hot chocolate with cookies that I’m pretty sure Ana baked this morning.”
It means that the rope has to hold them and that Steve balances the weight with his boots on the rock wall. He gets into position, the weight on his back forcing an extra effort but not an encumbrance.  He pushes off and, hand over hand, heaves them up a few feet.
“Even my hardcopy notes,” Steve assures. “Please Tony. The quicker you get this done the better.” It seems to trigger Tony and he nods. “Okay then, the medics can proceed.” He gets out of the way.
He went to his knees as a half dozen agents went to the other side of the car to remove Tony from it. “Don’t hurt him!” Even that small bit of resistance cost him. His temples pounded with a headache and he swayed from the lack of oxygen. He swallowed repeatedly, trying to stop the need to vomit.
Steve recognizes that Tony’s testing Ultron, seeing how much he knows and how much he’s guessing at – since Hawkeye’s officially retired it and Ultron seems to have missed that cue it’s hopeful that he doesn’t know everything.
His father snapped back. “Then tell them I can’t do it. I’m not Erskine. They want a formula I don’t have. Erskine’s notes are gibberish!”
“You know anything about quantum entanglement?” He points to the book. His tongue licks away the foam from his upper lip and mustache, mesmerizing Steve. The customer coughs and taps on the book. “You know about quantum entanglement?”
"And pass over that ass? Rumlow may not like sloppy seconds but I ain't particular. And last I saw you got a raging hard on even after he sucked you off."
