“That’s…
easily cleanable--armchair. “Trust me, you have much weirder quirks I’ve had to adapt to. The body parts in the freezer, for one thing, and the improperly-labeled bacterial cultures in the loo cabinet for another. Sad to say, you’re not even the first person I’ve shared a living space with who’s had nudist tendencies.”
Sherlock leaned back against the wall behind him and crossed his arms, smirk still firmly plastered on his face. “You, John Watson, are the most interesting client I’ve had in ages. I’m offering to suck you off. Repeated over the course of several sessions, if you like. If you unwind a bit, I think you’ll find your shoulder giving you much less of a problem.”
“Not with you,” he groused. “Not yet. Wouldn’t you rather fuck me?”
“Your delicious arse, you mean? Someday. Not yet, but soon. And we’ll try it the other way around, too. I want it like this for tonight, though - we’re both going to get lube and come all over these dainty knickers. You’re going to hold your thighs together, as tight as you can, and rut against my hand. And I’m going to fuck that tight crack, every single thrust sliding along the underside of your lace-covered bollocks and jolting your cock against my palm. I’m going to lick the sweat off your shoulderblades and moan right into your ear when I come. And you’re going to fall apart beneath me.”
, as you just put it
“Forever is a long time.” Hopefully it wasn’t just the post-euphoric endorphins talking, because John was extremely tempted to take him up on it. “We’ll both get cold, eventually. Seeing as we only have one pair of trousers and pants between the two of us.”
“Nope--I meant my sister. Harry stayed with me for two weeks after her first stint in rehab, my last year in uni. Among her other annoying habits, she kept taking off her damn shirt because the ventilation in my flat was crap and that summer was particularly sweltering.” John shuddered. “I won’t say that’s the
“Y’re ‘mazing,” he murmured. “My John.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock mumbled. “I think I like it when you call me gorgeous.”
Right like that!” Sherlock gave a full-body shiver but kept his thigh muscles clamped firmly around John’s erection. Each flex of his hips shifted the lacy black fabric of his knickers. John let himself flop forward and lie along Sherlock’s back, unable to stand the sight of those taut arse muscles any longer without embarrassing himself early.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You think it was trans panic?” he asked, mostly to have something to say. “Her date didn’t know she was transgender and freaked out in a homophobic rage?”
“Obviously,” the Sherlock at the microscope said. He was still in a dressing gown, but the other Sherlock was now in a different suit. “Now that I have a suitable control group that’s identical to me in every way, there are a number of experiments I can finally complete.”
“His prick’s
A nod. “Hence the body dump.” Sherlock looked down at his dress and grimaced. “I thought about using some fake blood for veracity, but I figured you would object to the cleaning involved afterward.”
“And you are no fool.”
“Hmmm.” Sherlock let his temple press against John’s jaw. “Doable so far.”
“Nope.” John slid his palms higher, cupping the round curves of Sherlock’s lace-covered arse. “That sounds to me like a challenge. We’re good at tackling challenges. I bet I can get us both off just like this.”
John grabbed the man’s bony knee, tugged to rotate Sherlock a good thirty degrees, and leaned over it to lick Sherlock’s bollocks.
“You’re referring to your time in the Army?”
want to learn more?”
“Just a moment,” he called. “Wait on the sofa. Oh! We’ll require tea. Tea, John!”
lay. Or, well, not entirely platonic anymore, although not from John’s lack of trying. It’s not like he could help what he dreamed about at night.
John jolted awake. It took a moment to get his bearings - Sherlock’s bed, full daylight filtering through the window in odd ways it never attempted in his own bedroom, and a nude consulting detective staring down at him from less than six inches away. No: not nude. Sherlock was wearing boxers and a blush.
Sherlock nodded frantically into the pillow.
John couldn’t hold in a slightly hysterical giggle. Sherlock, he of the Louvre-worthy physique, lusting after a washed-out ex-soldier with PTSD and anger management issues and who weighed a good stone or two more than he’d been when he enlisted. The unexpected interest would have felt like one of Sherlock’s experiments, if the state of the man’s erection hadn’t been so clearly tied to the progression of the conversation. “You did, yes,” John said dryly.
“Because it’s me?” John asked. “Or do you like exhibitionism in general?”
John slowly fumbled with the sheet until he had it tugged down to his navel. The extra fabric conveniently helped cover his persistent hard-on. “The shot barely nicked the underside of my clavicle, luckily didn’t take out my lung, but blew the hell out of my scapula on the way out. Took two surgeries to reconstruct it.”
“I’d rate it a three,” the Sherlock with the book said without looking up. “Having your tongue in my mouth feels odd. Two tongues don’t fit in my oral cavity as well, even if they’re both technically mine.”
“Yes.” John leaned in, trailing his nose along Sherlock’s carotid artery and inhaling deeply. Sherlock shivered. “First, we are going to drink the tea you’re making me. And then I am going to seduce you.”
“Okay. That’s fine. I was just curious.”
on the fairer sex, but some women like wearing nice underthings because they just want to. Not to impress a man.”
He did. The knife wound was terribly obvious, but there was something odd about it. Smallish wound, considering… the angle was off, maybe? John ignored it for the time being and tried to picture himself in Sherlock’s head (not that anyone except Sherlock could
“The trapezius runs all the way down to your mid-back and anchors to the T12 vertebra,” Sherlock murmured. “Focusing pressure entirely on your shoulder won’t do a damn thing because it’s ignoring half the muscle. Even warming up the entire trapezius--” he suited the action to the comment, rolling his knuckles in glorious undulations across John’s skin “--isn’t enough because the scar tissue is three-dimensional and the trapezius is relatively flat. We need to reduce tension on your entire spine. Being back in London is stressful for you, yes?”
, John echoed silently. He looked up, the head of Sherlock’s cock still cradled on his tongue, to see his flatmate sucking on one long finger and then tracing it around his clone’s arsehole. It was nearly enough to make John come right then and there, but he pulled back from the other Sherlock’s warm and perfect mouth just in time.
John chuckled, but he did stand up long enough to ditch his only-slightly-sticky trousers and pants. His sheets were probably already a lost cause and were about to get a lot messier.
friends do, right?”
Sherlock shrugged off the remains of the sundress and was trying to undo the bra clasp behind his back while John worked. That stopped being effective the moment John slid a blunt finger along Sherlock’s perineum.
About five seconds after Sherlock had folded the sheet down to John’s waist and started in on his lower back, John knew he was in trouble. The man’s fingers were like ten individual miracles come down from heaven to relieve tension he hadn’t even known he’d been carrying. He couldn’t muffle a near-orgasmic moan, then immediately cringed at how wanton it sounded.
work that great bloody brain of his, but sometimes it helped to pretend). He sat back and looked over the body as a whole. Which was… naked.
The Sherlocks broke apart reluctantly. One of them immediately started writing something in the notebook. “Controlled test,” the other Sherlock answered. “I’d say that was about a six for me.”
“Expedience, John,” the other Sherlock declared. “I can test both the giving and receiving end of things this way. And in a much more controlled manner than I could when I was limited to picking up drunk blokes at Uni.”
Another twitch, and Sherlock’s erection began to fill out noticeably. “I’m confident wanking is considered rude in polite company,” Sherlock said with a grimace. “Didn’t need Lestrade to tell me that.”
John couldn’t help it--he started giggling. And once he started, he couldn’t stop. “I would too, you crazy berk,” he choked out between bursts of laughter. “Go write yourself a hypothesis.”
Sherlock stared at him expectantly.
“Oh, spare me the wallowing,” Sherlock grumbled. “I did say I could fix you. Right, flip over. Legs next.”
“Not a bit.” John closed his laptop and leaned back in his--cloth, squashy, and
“Ah.” Sherlock stared up at the window in silence for a moment. His face was blank, but John could imagine the gears whirring away below the surface. Emergency remodeling of the mind palace, no doubt.
John hummed something that hopefully sounded like agreement.
“Oh, Christ, gonna come,” John groaned, and couldn’t stop his hips from twitching forwards into Sherlock's divine mouth. The movement must have shifted his partner in turn, because the timbre of the kneeling Sherlock’s cry changed dramatically and cut off with a near-whimper as he juddered apart while plugged at both ends by cock, tongue, and fingers. “Fuck,” John breathed, and came.
“And showed his remorse by stripping off her clothes and makeup, dragging her out to an alley naked, and stabbing her?”
“Why would it?” Sherlock sat up smoothly, hunching over his crossed legs and bracing his elbows on his knees in a way John hadn’t been able to manage since before getting shot. “You assume I’d find you less masculine and therefore less valuable of a person just because you’re asexual?”
“John.
“I can’t clone my clothes, obviously,” the Sherlock in the suit said. “I’m off to drop some off at the dry cleaner’s while the other me fine-tunes some details on the cloning machine. Since I’ll be going through them faster.”
John cracked an eye open and looked over his massage therapist again. Sherlock was thin but deceptively strong. His white t-shirt fit him obscenely well. His hair was the kind of perfection that probably meant the man spent hours to make it look like he spent no time at all, and it suited him. He was currently focused entirely on John’s left calf muscle, rolling it with a brilliant up-and-down motion which nearly had John moaning with pleasure.
John toed off his shoes, then swung a leg over Sherlock’s prone form so he was kneeling over Sherlock’s long legs. The dress technically covered all of Sherlock’s bits and a few inches further, but the view was no less sexy for it. The hint of black knickers showing through the thin fabric made the sight that much more tempting.
a doctor,” John retorted before the man could dig himself in deeper. And then winced. “Or at least I was.”
his face in his clone’s arse. His finger was still there, too, prodding the other Sherlock from the inside and undoubtedly finding his prostate. Clone Sherlock cried out and inadvertently gagged himself deep-throating John’s cock.
“And?”
“Yes. Excellent. Shirt off,” Sherlock commanded crisply. “In fact, strip down to your pants and lie on the table. We’ll see about fixing that psychosomatic limp, too. I’ll step out for a minute so you won’t feel uncomfortable disrobing in front of me.”
time to have this conversation with Sherlock, but at least right now neither of them were busy and the prat was actively listening. “Both,” John conceded, “but mostly because you’re also
Both Sherlocks rolled their eyes and pointedly ignored him.
“G’morning.” John shuffled past the lump of dressing gown and dark curls on the sofa and stared blearily at the coffeemaker on the cluttered kitchen counter. “Is this safe to drink, or do I need to make a new pot?”
didn’t want to ask why Sherlock kept a lacy black bra and knickers set hidden somewhere in his bedroom, but they fit him well. The bright blue flannels wadded in the cups of the brassiere looked ridiculous… and surprisingly sexy. The whole combo was sexy, which is not something John had ever thought he’d say about his flatmate. Well, never thought he’d admit. Sherlock exuded an effortless sexuality when it benefitted him.
Damn, Sherlock’s fingers felt good. On some level beyond the mixed-up signals his prick was interpreting as sexual.
“That was, perhaps, a bit less of a controlled fall than I intended,” he grumbled. “But fine, assume the contusion happened accidentally. It’s difficult to regain one’s balance in these shoes. I am now deceased, or will shortly bleed out.” He lay back onto the floor and assumed an awkward sprawl. “Head wounds bleed excessively, even when not fatal, so what do you do now?”
Sherlock made him question a lot of things about himself. Having some goddamn boundaries, for one, but also where the line between
“Impeccable logic, as always.” As if he needed a reason to be with Sherlock. “I suppose this means I get to be the little spoon sometimes, too?”
He hadn’t even finished his sentence before John was shaking his head no. “Fuck, that’s not how I meant it to sound. Seeing you in knickers scrambled my brain pretty thoroughly - that’s my only excuse. This doesn’t change
“I… see.”
Like there was anything that could compel John to miss
And Christ, is that mascara?”
Sherlock huffed. “She was an exotic dancer, John. She’s seen plenty of--ah. Wait. You truly aren’t bothered?”
Sherlock looked at him blankly. “The brassiere, John. The skin irritation. No woman wears itchy undergarments unless she intends to have someone else see them. Not only was the lace abrasive, but the band size was slightly too small for her chest so it cut more deeply. I suspect she has similar lace divots across her iliac crests, but the blood made it difficult to tell for sure. Matching bra and knickers, then. Not a first date, but still early enough she bothered to wear something she thought her date would find arousing.”
“Wanking while the person I keep having inadvertent masturbatory fantasies about is watching.”
John nodded. “Been three months now and the doctors say there’s no reason my muscles haven’t recovered better. I
“Did you drug me again?”
Sherlock met his eyes. “The other is rather… unconventional, but much more enjoyable. Your primary source of tension is stress, so if you prefer we can end the official session right here and I can help you with that erection you’ve been sporting ever since I first touched you.” He flashed a cheeky grin. “Rest assured this is not
“Oi, Anderson. Shut up.” Lestrade massaged his temples and turned back to Sherlock. “Tell me what you’ve got.
“Fuck,” John breathed. “Even though I’ve just come, I might very well go back to my flat and do the same. Thinking about what you’re doing somewhere else in London at the exact same time.”
John rolled to his stomach and let his forehead sink into the special padded facerest. The quiet strains of a lone violin filled the room. John focused on breathing deeply, in and out. This massage therapist was brusque, but the oil he’d just put on his hands smelled like cinnamon and autumn. It was pleasant.
“I am. Believe me.” Sherlock held John’s gaze, his eyes sharp and electric. “Only a fool would take you for granted, John Watson.”
“Did I mention you have a particularly nice arse?”
capable of that level of sexiness, I may never let you go.”
“That’s not an answer.”
“That’ll be a first.” John gave Sherlock’s arsecheek one last gentle squeeze, then sat back and stripped out of his shirt. A one-handed flick and the hem of the sundress was lying across Sherlock’s shoulders and his arse was finally, gloriously on display. “Beautiful,” John murmured. “Yeah, definitely keeping these on you tonight. Can you pass me the lube? Top drawer, if you didn’t already deduce that.”
Sherlock gaped at him.
“The lacy knickers especially. I didn’t know I had a kink for you in lacy knickers, but apparently I do.” John traced the lower border of the knickers with his fingertips, skimming upward and outward along the edge and then back. The sundress hid everything from his view, but the feel alone was already the single most erotic experience of John’s thirty-eight years of existence. Sherlock’s skin was warm, smooth, perfectly formed. It was also exquisitely sensitive, judging from how the man’s breathing sped up every time John traced the line of the knickers downward and inward until there wasn’t space to go any further. Sherlock whimpered and tried to spread his legs, but John kneeling over him didn’t allow for much movement.
was hard. Sherlock’s hands didn’t stray above mid-thigh, but that didn’t seem to matter to John’s cock. John let out a long, deliberate breath and willed his erection to calm the fuck down.
Sherlock’s eyes locked onto his. “Yes,” he said quietly. “So it’s a good thing we’re more than either of those descriptors.”
Sherlock’s lips quirked up a bit at John’s use of the correct pronoun, and he settled back further into the seat of the taxi. “Surely you saw the upward angle of the wound,” he said. “She was already prone on the ground when the knife went in. Slowly--someone pressed, not jabbed. Worked their way between her ribs by feel rather than by luck. And since there was no evidence of her moving or trying to get away, obviously she was dead first.”
“She was an idiot. I would say you should fire her, but luckily you already did. It’s astounding how many so-called medical professionals don’t have the vaguest understanding of human anatomy beyond what was covered in whatever excuse passed for their training.”
A normal day at the clinic got cut short when the power went out and Sarah sent him home early, so John arrived back to the flat earlier than usual. He walked in on Sherlock kissing himself, nude, in the middle of the sitting room.
“Is that a no?”
“You’d be correct,” Sherlock said with a smirk. “Cute boys, on the other hand…”
“The other me only lasts for half an hour,” the pajama-clad Sherlock added. “Would like to see if I can extend the duration.”
“Oh, you like it when I say you’re mine.” It wasn’t exactly a genius-level deduction. “The list of people I would kill a stranger for is a very short one nowadays - be honored you’re on it.”
Sherlock cocked his head, considering. “It would certainly save us a step,” he decided. “Fine. We’ll start with the easy one, then: when did you discover or decide you were asexual?”
“Like I’d ever forget.”
Sherlock shrugged one bare shoulder. “No, but either a dress or a skirt seems likely.”
Sherlock blinked muzzily. “Hmmm?”
“Sherlock. Lovely to meet you. Bullet wound, is it? Left shoulder?”
Sherlock swallowed. “Oh.”
John eyed his flatmate’s wicked-looking stiletto heels. “I’m not going to A&E with one of those spikes through the top of my foot,” he declared. “And I’m not going to risk spraining your ankle when you fall. You’re bloody tall; your precious brain has a long way to go to reach the ground.”
“Yes. Sorry,” Sherlock murmured. “But that was one of the many times you’ve surprised me, and that’s the part
You’re damn well beautiful, and you know it. I’m not blind. Living in 221B with you parading around nude all the time is like scoring a flat in the Louvre.”
John put a pin in that observation and went back to looking at the evidence overall. The victim’s hair was short, oddly so, in an uneven mess which John had a hard time believing could have been an intentional style even before the struggle and the murder. Without touching or moving the body it was hard to tell for sure, but it looked like there may have been a contusion on the back of the skull--not from hitting the pavement, obviously not here (not enough blood), but perimortem perhaps? Sherlock would probably know the distance the victim traveled from the primary scene, but John couldn’t say more than that this alley wasn’t it.
“I need to determine how much your reactions differ from my own,” the first concluded. “Plus, you’d enjoy it. You’ve never performed and received fellatio at the same time.”
“Don’t be embarrassed,” Sherlock said quietly. “I can already tell you haven’t been seen to properly before. Your previous massage therapist focused exclusively on your shoulder?”
“I like… I like when you
Dang, I'm sorry to keep everyone hanging so long on this one! I've just finished
“Tell me if I’m doing something you don’t like,” John declared, and slowly slid both hands up under the hem of the dress to cup Sherlock’s gluteal muscles. “Because I want everything. Not all at once, not all today, but eventually. And you look tempting as hell right now.”
Lestrade cleared his throat, which he always did before having to break up Sherlock and Anderson’s verbal sparring matches. “Half right--you mean to say he wasn’t stabbed?” he asked. “Sherlock, there’s a great bloody hole in his chest!”
“Merely eager to produce data of our own. Come on.” He hopped out of the cab the moment it slowed in front of 221B. John took a few extra minutes to chat with the cabbie while paying--the man turned out to be a reader of John’s blog--and made sure to properly lock the front door. By the time he got upstairs, Sherlock was banging around in the loo and talking loudly to himself.
“Not a hallucination.” The Sherlock in the dressing gown sat up and plodded over to sprawl in the only free kitchen chair. “I was bored, so I cloned myself.”
“Even then.” John nodded pointedly toward Sherlock’s crimson erection, now shiny with precome and just as beautiful as the rest of him. “
He got a sigh for that. “I was doing research, John. Milk, jam, red pants. All things you like. Oh!” Sherlock dashed to the sink and filled the kettle. “Sorry, forgot the tea.”
been doing my exercises, as best I can, but--”
“Okay, no I don’t.”
John slowly lowered Sherlock’s unresisting form to the ground again, then straddled his thighs and lifted the hem of his skirt. “You sure?”
“Be right back.” Sherlock stalked--with astounding dignity, for a naked man sporting a raging hard-on--to the loo. Sure enough, two Sherlock emerged a few minutes later.
Clearly their respective current positions didn’t hide much. “You’re… not exactly dead,” John countered. “Very much alive, as a matter of fact.”
was interesting. “Tell me about them?”
Sherlock. Fucking hell.”
John did his best to comply, although it was hard.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully again. “Blood shows up on everything, then. Making it easier for him to be thorough when cleaning her off at the scene.”
The Sherlock seated at the table was freshly shaven but attired in Sherlock’s usual ratty pajamas and blue dressing gown. The Sherlock standing in the doorway was wearing pressed black dress trousers, his favorite purple shirt, and had a blazer slung casually over one shoulder.
Sherlock shivered. “Fuck.”
John closed his eyes, shook his head a few times, and sighed. “Good luck, I suppose. I’m going back to bed.”
“Fuck,” he finally said aloud. “You, Sherlock Holmes, are the single most gorgeous human being I have ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on. And now that I know that you’re
“Fellatio, by definition, requires the receiving participant to have a penis,” Sherlock said. “You’ve performed cunnilingus.”
“I believe,” said the Sherlock draped over the table, “that I would be amenable to repeating that experiment. After a suitable refractory period.”
Sherlock’s cock gave a twitch, something which drew John’s attention immediately.
Usually when the kitchen table was covered with two dozen varieties of the same product, it was for an experiment. John surveyed the collection of jams--plum, raspberry, mint, jalapeno, lavender and rosewater (why?)--and shrugged.
she a sex worker, then? I know that’s a stereotype, but transgenders are disproportionately over-represented in--”
“The head contusion.”
swore the warehouse would be empty, no need to worry.”
“Exactly.”
John nodded. Two seconds later, he was flat on his back and his pants were gone. Sherlock nudged John’s legs to the sides, so from the knee down they were hanging over the edges of the massage table, and lithely hopped up to kneel between them. John’s cock gave a little bob of excitement all by itself.
“I mean it - if you don’t want to do this again, I’ll go back to the vividly sexy dreams and wanking first thing in the morning like I’ve been doing all year. I can’t help it if most of those dreams feature you, though.”
“Show me.”
series I've been intending to write for years and never did
“Ah.” Sherlock blinked. “That’s… good.”
“That was all nice and romantic until you got to the ‘cocaine’ bit,” John replied drily. “Drugs probably shouldn’t be to go-to analogy for a healthy relationship.”
John was trying to keep his eyes on Sherlock’s face, but he couldn’t help but keep glancing down at where the short skirt of the sundress was riding high up Sherlock’s muscular thighs. The man barely had an ounce of fat on him, but what fat and muscle
wearing black underneath them.”
Both Sherlocks gave him identical looks of disbelief. “You love blow jobs,” one of them said.
“Functionally, I suppose? I know you don’t consider physical intimacy to be ‘your area’--”
The victim was completely nude, lying face-up in the filthy alley. Sherlock approached and crouched less than a foot away, bending practically double to examine at every possible angle. John had to give him a bit more room, given the narrowness of the alleyway, but he tried to peer over Sherlock’s shoulder as best he could.
Sherlock reached up and brushed his fingertips over the line of John’s jaw. “I want you to show me what I’ve been missing,” he said in a low tone. “Because I didn’t believe I
“You’re all angles and contrasts,” John said in a lower voice. “Long limbs, graceful, even when pulling yourself off. I can tell how tense your muscles are getting, the closer you are to orgasm. When you throw your head back and close your eyes like that… how could I look away?”
“Oh!” Sherlock said.
The answers of “It’s
"The Hiatus," the final piece of my
“Biologically I’m perfectly functional, Sherlock, so it’s more the ‘uninterested’ than ‘unable.’ I’m just not wired like that.”
“Other half.” Sherlock placed a light hand on John’s shoulder and nudged him lower to get a closer look at the stab wound. Which did, indeed, have all indications of being from a smallish kitchen knife. “
“Even if they’re something you wouldn’t find arousing?”
“So, um.” John cleared his throat. “You’d be bleeding all over the place, including on me. Definitely on the floor. I think it’s safe to say your dress would be ruined--the bra too, probably. Maybe not skirt or knickers, depending on how you fell. The only way I can see getting you out of your clothes is holding you upright in my lap like this. Wouldn’t work as well if your skirt were longer, but…” He hitched Sherlock up from the ground for a moment, tugging the hem of the pale blue sundress out from under his arse before lowering him again. Sherlock was letting his body go completely limp, which left the back of his head lolling on John’s shoulder and his breath delicately fanning John’s ear. “That’s the first step, then.”
The third day wasn’t so easy to explain. John stopped dead at the selection of underpants on the table. Boxers, Y-fronts, even two thongs. And all bright red.
“Welcome,” a deep baritone voice said. John turned around and blinked, because the man at the door had nothing except his profession in common with the petite blonde woman John had been subjected to thus far. Army pensions didn’t cover much, but the official recommended therapist had done diddly squat in helping John to regain motion in his shoulder after he was sent home from Afghanistan. This bloke looked like he’d have no problem pummeling John’s tense muscles into submission.
The Sherlocks exchanged a glance with each other. “Prior experience may affect the data,” one finally said, “but I’m still interested in the results.”
They stayed there, slumped and sated, for several minutes. John felt like he had no bones left in his body but he still couldn’t tear his gaze away from post-coital Sherlock. Or Sherlocks, plural. One was staring at the ceiling and breathing heavily while the other sprawled across the coffee table and left visible smears of semen on the surface.
“Um.”
“It’s safe,” Sherlock called from his bedroom, “although it’s the dark roast you said was too bitter. And it’s been sitting there a while.”
“Tell me.”
” And the other Sherlock popped out of existence.
“I…” Sherlock swallowed hard. “The ways I want to touch you are only ‘cuddling’ in the vaguest sense of the word,” he said. “Just fantasies, of course, but…”
Sherlock gave him a look.
Sherlock glanced up at the clock on the wall. “Plan on… hmm, around five-thirty, then. Your shoulder feels better, I assume?”
--so many discrete parts, nicely separable for diagrams in books but all jumbled into one big blob to make a person. And most of those discrete parts are absolutely vital for the functioning of the whole. Somehow this hodgepodge of organs and cell tissue has the ability to think, to learn, to react… how could I
She and her date did whatever simple-minded people do on dates--dinner and the cinema, perhaps. They came back to one or the other’s flat with the intention of sexual intercourse. The victim acquired the contusion on the back of her head, which might have been accidental or might have been intentional. Her date panicked.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock murmured. “You’re very good at that, John. I’m going to perform analingus on myself now.”
“Give us another few minutes, and then you can help with the next round.”
“Close your eyes,” he commanded in that hypnotically deep voice. “Listen to the music and concentrate on what you can feel.”
“Close. Your. Eyes.”
, can feel his thumb pressing deeper inside. Then John stops, and slaps Sherlock’s arse cheek, hard. Sherlock tenses, and tenses, and tenses, suspended just over the edge, and then he comes, and comes, and comes. Above him John hisses, “
___ Mathematics: Directions and Degrees of Movement (pgs 7-8)
"You’re up early."
Sherlock gave a demure nod of his head and took the two pills from Mycroft’s outstretched hand, popped them in his mouth, then took another sip of water.
“God,” Sherlock gasped, breaking for air. “God, John.”
Sherlock kissed his way across John's chest and up his neck to his jawline. “What about now? Anything you want right now?”
gave way to New Order’s
John wrapped his hand around one of Molly’s wrists but angled his body towards Sherlock. “Really?”
Obliques, and iliacs, and rectus abdominis, oh my. Seriously, it's not easy to do poetic justice to Sherlock's sensual musings when it comes to John's six-pack.
Going to the quarry had never posed problems before, but then John had gone and changed, and now the hair under his arms was thicker, and there was more leading down from his bellybutton, and between his legs. He smelled like sweat, but more than that, too, and Sherlock found it altogether intoxicating. He often missed entire sentences when John talked, lost in thought about where those smells emanated from, and how he might get closer.
“Ah, none of that, Sherlock. I can read you the way some read the stars. This is not your fault.”
“Is that all it is?”
Sitting up against the headboard, movie long forgotten, John stared alternately up at the ceiling and down at Sherlock, who was sprawled, belly-down, between his thighs. Sherlock's legs were bent at the knee, his ankles crossed in the air, his toes curling and uncurling as he conducted his experiment. He'd been at it since Captain Willard had entered the renegade Colonel’s compound, having grown bored with the story, distracted by John’s hands in his hair, and fascinated with the blond hair on John's legs.
"We'll have to ban the crèche, and the incubation huddles, and maybe the brooding pouches, too!" They've fallen further behind the elders as they've talked, but are almost at the Council grounds, and shush each other and hurry to catch up.
“I know that it is revered by some, feared by others. I know that our ancestors searched tirelessly for it, put their faith and hope in it, and then let it slip away, lost to the mysteries of time.
“Mm,” John croons into the soft curls pressed against his cheek. “You must be ready to burst by now, so hard for me.”
“Shhh. It’s okay. It took me a while to realize I wanted to do it. And I want it on my birthday.”
John winced. “Ah, you’re right. We’ll have to sort something out.” He found the key he was looking for, unlocked an upper and lower bolt, then pushed the door open and held his arm out for Sherlock to enter before him.
“Later,” Sherlock mimicked, adjusting himself in his jeans and preparing to leave.
He thought about the letter.
“Good morning to you, too, brother mine. Have you seen anything but your pillow this morning?”
“The miscommunication was only that, Sherlock. I knew what she intended to do, but did not think to ask where she intended to do it. She assumed I knew. You thought the plan involved a different solution, and so had no reason to believe she would leave Pobeda. We were all acting without full information. Anyway, all is right again, yes?”
Mrs. Watson brought out her coffee service and a tin of butter cookies, and Mrs. Hudson filled them in on all the gossip she’d gleaned from bridge night. It was rumored that Greg Larsen, who’d been widowed earlier that year, had been sighted at the Lady Luck Casino on the border with a redheaded woman; Sally Zwicky’s little boy had just turned three, and still wasn’t speaking; one of the Schultz twins had been caught leaving the Co-op with a pocketful of Snickers bars. There was a lot of tutting and shushing between the women, and a lot of
** wear purple shirt ALL THE TIME **
“Is this okay?”
Sherlock thought ennui was probably an understatement. “And did the dating help?”
Twenty minutes later, she stood, brushed down her skirt, and wrapped her cardigan tighter around her trim waist. Instead of leaving, she started fidgeting with a paperweight on the edge of the desk. Sherlock's fingers itched to straighten it.
“Oh, sweetheart.”
“Well?”
“Okay,” John interjects over Sherlock’s hollering. “That makes sense. But did she find Apo? Did she retrieve the heartstone? And why is the tooth important now?”
John laughed. “There is no way on earth I’ll be able to go back to sleep now, you nutter. I want to get up and start the day because the sooner I start it the sooner I’ll be able to finish it, and the sooner this day is done—”
Ariki and Kahu have stopped fighting over who will protect whom. They stand frozen now, stubby wings grasping at each other, faces pressed together, eyes squeezed shut.
“You … like that?” Sherlock asked.
“I've got it covered for now, I think.”
Sherlock caught sight of John’s hand out of the corner of his eye, shifting over the towel, inching toward his hip. He reached up and grabbed John’s wrist to stop it from its inevitable course to his erection. Oh, he knew. He knew how badly John needed to touch himself. All those times on hot summer days, after hours of circling each other in the water, wanting each other, never saying a word; after, Sherlock would lie on his stomach in the sun, praying for his hard-on to disappear, to leave him in peace until he could get home and jerk himself off to thoughts of John’s fingers and mouth and nipples and ass. He knew.
John hangs on every word, sometimes nodding in understanding, sometimes shaking his head in disbelief, but always staring right into Sherlock’s eyes, and always touching Sherlock as he speaks. Those touches are very distracting to Sherlock.
“So why are we still talking about this?”
“Indeed, I’ve heard some stories of how she single-handedly created one of the finest Highland Cattle pedigrees to still exist today.”
but he knows that Sherlock is going to stop, knows that he's going to have to wait until Sherlock is ready to send him from tortured pleasure to otherworldly bliss.
Sherlock hummed and sucked. Now he knew exactly what his best friend's thighs would look like, trembling, on either side of his bobbing head. They looked magnificent.
“Sherlock Holmes Watson. Please come in.”
“To whom?”
John opened a cupboard and took out two bowls, and set those on the counter near the chili.
Sherlock thanked her and took the stack of cookies she'd put on a napkin, then took another tissue for his nose. If John had thought he was fooling anyone with his constant nabbing of chocolate chip cookies, he’d been sorely mistaken. The idea that they’d been there long enough for the staff to pick up on their habits warmed Sherlock more than the heat of the small lobby. It was like living together and having neighbors who knew you well enough to collect your mail.
“Beignets?”
“I think I know where your folders might be.” Sherlock pushed back from the table and fiddled with his cuffs. James raised an eyebrow but Sherlock didn’t elaborate. “If you’ll excuse me for a moment.”
Sherlock hailed a Yellow cab and opened the door for John. Once inside, he asked the driver to bring them to Foster and Clark, and leaned back against the seat. “Professionals with long-term partners, maybe some kids, and a second home in Michigan.”
“If I'm old, John, what does that make you?”
“John, what do you think?”
He showed Sherlock the overgrown, heather-strewn prairies in which he’d played rugby with his cousins as a young boy and took him to see the small wading pools that were made by tributaries from the River Tay. They surveyed the areas John’s grandparents had considered for a swimming pool before they’d lost everything and inspected the crumbling tennis courts with the boarded tennis hut, standing proud, if not a bit decrepitly, to the side. Sherlock was vaguely aware of John talking about turning the old structure into a guest house for guests who wanted more privacy, but had a hard time staying in the present, focused as he was on what he planned to wear to bed that night, and the parts of his newly exposed body John would be able to explore.
John was talking about Highland cattle and grazing, or something along those lines, but Sherlock was distracted by his inability to find the right words to describe John’s hands. Strong? Yes, that word was right. Cute? No. Agile? Maybe. Dexterous? Yes. Maybe. Sexy? Yes. That was the right word. God, what was wrong with him? He needed to focus on something other than John’s skin and fingers and eyes and smile and lips and ears and eyelashes.
John looked at his coffee, and looked back at Sherlock, who sat with his hands wrapped around the cup and the cup pressed to his lower lip. His eyes were closed. He looked blissful. John picked up his own cup with great care and grace, raised it to his mouth, sniffed, and sipped.
“I had nothing to do with it. It wasn't my fault that you couldn't keep anyone around for longer than five minutes.”
“Are you hungry? You said you wanted to walk around and get something to eat.”
Sherlock joined him, and John laid the covers back over them. They lay on their sides, close but not touching, not yet.
"There's an east wind coming, John. What should we do?" Sherlock whispers, his clever brain short-circuiting with John so close.
“Mmm. I'm so, so glad.” John crawled back up the length of Sherlock's taut body, revisited Sherlock's nipples, and kissed him lightly on the lips. “It'll be something to remember until we get back here tonight.”
She is blindingly white, and he must squint to see the shape of her through the light.
“Is he still here?”
“No. Are you?”
“Mycroft, Sherlock, this is my mother, Terina. She is the kindest, best, smartest peng you will ever meet.”
“You haven't figured it out yet?”
“I like the way you taste,” John said without pulling away. He deepened the kiss and squeezed Sherlock’s upper thigh. “I like everything about you.”
“That sounds really good. Let’s go to Chicago. I’ll look into hotels and restaurants, and we can plan the trip when we’re home.”
“Bad breath, sorry.”
Outside, Lake Michigan stretched long and wide. On the eastern horizon a thin band of orange began to push back the night, dragging dawn along in its wake. Sherlock rolled to his side and watched the sun rise over John. Light seeped into the open palm resting above his head, down the pale underside of his arm, toward the top of his head. He watched as the sun brightened his hair, the tips of his eyelashes, the tops of his cheekbones. It kissed John’s lips, which hardly seemed fair, so Sherlock leaned over, and kissed John's lips, too.
“Whatever you want. I love the stockings. Keep the stockings.”
“How do you know?”
“John, please! John, I’m here, above you! Johnling! I’m so close, John, look up, we could pass the storm together, I’m sure of it, and you’ll be safe, I’ll keep you safe! Please, please don’t give up on me, John. Please don’t let her come between us! Johnling … can you hear me? Johnling!”
“No one is going to be happy if you start spasming and knock him onto the ice, Sherlpeng.”
“Like that?”
Annette looked so offended on his behalf, Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh. He laughed long and hard and after a moment of stunned silence Annette’s indignant expression softened and she joined him. They laughed until they each had tears running down their faces and Sherlock was gasping for breath.
John smiled, his face lighting up with pleasure. “That’s, um, good. Yeah. And this case? Does that have its own room?”
John took a deep breath, held it, slowly let it out.
“You think so?”
John couldn’t stop licking his lips.
John. You’re stunning.”
“It would appear that way, yes.”
“Ah. I can’t tell you what to do about the time away from your parents, although it would be a pretty even split between time here, and time away. But, you know that I can pick up the difference in budget, and that I don’t mind doing so.”
“Hmm?”
affectionate term for mother
Sherlock debated sharing the content of Harry’s texts with Mrs. Hudson over the kitchen table, but decided against it. He wasn’t even sure if John would be upset that Harry had told him. Instead, he hinted that Dorothy had crossed a line, and that they might be seeing more of John than they’d expected. Mrs. Hudson had simply speared another piece of meatloaf onto his plate and poured more coffee.
No one talked again until they were pulling into the Watson’s driveway, and then Mr. Watson said, “Come on over for supper, Sherlock. We’ll talk then. John, I know you’re both heading back to school tomorrow. Why don’t you see your young man home? Be back by six o’clock.”
Sherlock feels a blush rising to touch his cheeks, more sensual than uncomfortable now that he knows John isn't disgusted by him. No, John is responding exactly the way he had hoped. Sherlock stands tall now, but his voice is barely a whisper, his throat tight with anticipation when he says, “John, I've, I've altered something in a way I think you'll like.”
“Very well then. I’ll try to not be a nuisance.” He gave Sherlock a brief smile, then turned and walked out of sight. A moment later Sherlock heard him make his way up the stairs and down the hallway toward his guestroom.
He learns, through observation, about the minute changes in the currents around them, which lead to the eddies, which, at their edges, contain the largest, healthiest zooplankters and forage fish, which allow them to hunt in a safer, faster manner. They eat very well.
“I doubt you do, John.”
Sherlock braced his feet on the edge of the bed and slid one hand down his chest and stomach. He reached inside his shorts and palmed the head of his cock, spreading the leaking fluid over his rigid shaft before taking himself in hand. He began rutting into the channel of his fingers, gasping, while John murmured encouragement in his ear. It took just four, five, six slick, hard tugs and he was there, legs tensing, neck arching, mouth frozen open. Coming.
"Thirty minutes. If your foam isn't firm, thick, and creamy after thirty minutes, I wash my hands of you."
Sherlock scanned the entire room, getting a sense of the layout, clientèle, doorways, and bar. This room was situated between two others, with open, double doors facing each other on opposite walls, and the bar was in the center, a rectangular island with two bartenders working either end. Greg saw him checking everything out, and said, “Hey, no worries, okay? We’ll be able to see everything from the monitors in my office.”
“A business card?”
John lowered himself down on top of Sherlock and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. “Fuck me, please, fuck me, Sherlock.”
are put on the line
“Sherlock, you still like sausage, right? Harriet won’t eat it anymore. HDL, or LDL, I can’t keep that stuff straight.”
“Excellent.”
Shit.
She quirked an eyebrow and smiled. "He won't be seeing your seams, dear."
“Not at all. I was just testing a deduction.”
John turned the phone off and joined Sherlock under the covers. He kissed the tip of his nose and threw his leg over Sherlock’s hip. “How could you see it so clearly for Kevin and Greg, two people you hardly know, but not see how perfect we were for each other?”
“I think we owe Sally one, big time. Can we do something for her?” John asked.
Within a few minutes, John was breathing deeply against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock’s phone screen illuminated a small circle of space around them, including John’s arm resting low over Sherlock’s hips and the blond of his hair just under Sherlock’s chin.
John rolled onto his back and ran his fingers through his hair. He scratched at his chest with his other hand and squinted up at Sherlock. “Is that what you wanted to tell me? Because I’m fairly confused, to be honest.”
Sherlock missed most of the next two hours, feeling as if he were tethered to and floating just next to John. John led him around the grounds in a large circle, pointing out copses of birnam oaks, fortingall yews, and a rare 16th century Blairquhan dool that Harry had fallen from when she was seven. She had broken her arm, and John said it was the first time he knew he wanted to be a doctor.
John shuddered. “He better not touch me.”
“Please, excuse my brother,” Mycroft begins, but Anahera cuts him off.
“It’s the library for the Business School, and no, it’s not in a bad neighborhood. It’s on campus.” Sherlock climbed the last flight of stairs to his apartment, and rummaged in his coat pockets for his keys. “At first I didn’t really think about it, but he didn’t look like a business student, he looked like an art student, so then I thought, why is an art student coming out of the back door of the business library?”
"... shall we say ..."
John paid homage to the back of Sherlock’s thighs with a series of kisses, first one, then the other. He ran his fingertips up from the back of his knees, against the grain of fair hair growing there, then licked a stripe up the left side of Sherlock’s arse with the tip of his tongue.
Anahera laughs. “Oh, Sherlock. I can clearly imagine that. Is it hard for you now, for such a one-peng emperor to be so well-known? Everyone must want time with you since your return.”
Sherlock dives.
“Erebus, your humility is only one of many traits we hope our daughter takes from you.”
"I'm a blogging harlot, remember? I always have something in mind."
“Not even then. Though the bow tie was a bit much.”
“Good luck,” John said, as Molly hurried off.
Before heading to the party, Sherlock and John had walked several miles south along the partially frozen lakefront before heading inland again and grabbing coffee at one of the many Starbucks scattered through Lincoln Park. Over lattes and banana bread Sherlock researched their dining options, and from there they’d set their sights on the West Loop’s trendy Randolph Street neighborhood.
“You don’t see. Okay. I needed to find out what she might be hiding, but I knew I couldn’t just go wandering off without a good excuse, so I waited until everyone fell asleep, and then I went.”
Sherlock dipped forward and applied more pressure and John groaned underneath him. When Sherlock pressed up and over John his testicles brushed over John’s lower back, and when he pulled back they nestled into the upper curve of John’s buttocks. Over and over he rolled, his hands and thighs and groin heating up from the activity.
“So, what are our options for tonight?”
“He consulted with a psychology professor at the University of Minnesota, and the professor said that he shouldn’t think of it as selling himself, but as offering a service for sale, just like massage therapists aren’t selling their hands, but a service. Then he talked to some sex work professionals, too, and then gave the guy the link to the Sex Workers Outreach Project website.
“Email.”
“John.”
Shit.
OH GOD WHAT? HOW? FOCUS HOLMES! John Watson’s tongue is stroking my erection up and down FRENULUM! FRENULUM! in a manner lewd and entirely fascinating I must say had I known
Sherlock let his hands come to rest on John's shoulders, his fingers brushing over the white leather sleeves of John's high school letter jacket. The cold outdoor air had soaked into it, and into John’s hair and skin, along with the scent of fallen leaves and crisp pine.
?” John said through his mouthful.
"I do. And I think you have some answers."
John was delusional. Sherlock was pretty sure he looked like a Q-tip dipped in ink, and he wasn't at all interested in looking at himself. He wanted to look at John. John was golden and strong, a compact dynamo of charm and sex and love. John was a whirlwind of bewitchery and charisma and –
“What do you make of it?”
Wings meet wings and shoulders and necks; necks rub and slide and entwine; bills kiss and kiss and kiss.
“But still. If I hadn’t been sick—”
"A Christmas Story" is a 1983 movie set in the 40s, and if you've never seen it, you should. It's hilarious.
Sherlock turned it over, and over again. “That’s it? Just a phone number?”
Sherlock breathes. He sucks lungfuls of air from where his head rests on Mycroft’s shoulder, holds on to them, lets them back out as small white clouds. Slowly, he finds his feet, and he straightens up. Mycroft does not let go until Sherlock is standing, independent of all support. When he does let go, he does so slowly, letting his wingtips slide down Sherlock’s shoulders, down his wings, before letting them drop to his own sides.
“John,” Sherlock panted, “yes.” Sherlock pulled into himself, taut muscles trembling, dug his toes into the futon. “Yes, John, yes.” He felt John’s thumb flick over his sensitive head, felt him press into the slit, and he threw his head back with a bit off scream, the world screeching to a halt around him. He shuddered one last time and came, hard.
Sherlock ground down as John pulsed, arched into that place he most needed it, and jerked himself to climax with five, short, tight pulls. He came long and hard, waves of his orgasm rolling through him. He may have shouted.
John braced his feet against the door and pushed harder into Sherlock’s fist. He stared down at Sherlock, eyes locked, brow drawn. Sherlock knew this expression, knew he wore that same look of shocked and stunned disbelief that anything so powerful could come for him, could take him, could sweep him up and level him.
John nodded.
“Yes, I know. Because you are one.” Sherlock rubbed his cock on John’s shin as he moved further down, sucking hard kisses over John’s ribs. He bit John’s hipbone, and hovered with an open mouth over John’s groin. “Not a little boy anymore. Not a boy at all. A man now, with a man’s body, hard and strong and dirty. All the man things you do now, John, they drive me insane.”
Sherlock asked questions about the ranch, but John was shortcoming with answers, wanting Sherlock to have no preconceived notions. All he would say was that it had fallen into a bit of disuse over the years and that it needed some work. Sherlock deduced what he could from comments John had made in the past few months. John's family had been quite well off until only two generations ago. They’d been cattle breeders before that, hearty people living close to the land, keeping to themselves with little regard for strangers.
John was quiet, so quiet. Sherlock stepped away and circled around to face him, but John just stood there, eyes closed, lips parted, hands still.
“I can’t tell you, or it won’t come true.”
“Yeah?” Sherlock slid down and licked at a nipple.
Sherlock took a deep breath. The fullness of his lungs drowned out the pounding of his heart, so he took another breath, then let it out to the count of five. Then another. He licked his lips and puffed the hair out of his eyes. John was right here. In bed with him. Pressed up against him.
“It’s hardly your life story.”
Why would she abandon her eels, leaving the sea-dwelling
“You know what? Nevermind. No matter how you figured it out, now you know. Maybe don’t deduce what’s in the picnic lunch or what I plan on doing to you once we’re alone, though, yeah?”
“Yeah,” he hissed, “yeah, make me come, Sherlock. Make me come.”
thank you
The blast of cold air was brisk and reviving on Sherlock’s flushed face as they left Taverna 750 and walked the few blocks south to Sidetrack. It was proving to be a heady evening, indeed, what with his overly friendly waiter, John’s possessive jealousy, and then his not-so-secret admirer.
“Thank you, John.”
“What did you do?”
John had told him, several times, that his worries were unfounded. Actually, John's exact words were that no one was going to give him a second look after he’d decked Laffitte and sent the cops after him.
Sherlock considers. “I don’t know, Johnling. Where is the line? Surely the Council cannot govern every aspect of emperor life, especially matters of such an intimate nature.
“I thought maybe I had killed the mood with my panic attack and condemnation of the gay club scene.”
“What … what do you know … about … classical mechanics?”
John bucked but Sherlock had hooked his fingers into John's belt and was hanging on for dear life, following when John rolled to his back and whacked his head on the wood floor. He grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock's hair and half-yelled, half-groaned, "Not ... not fair ... oh god ... the phone ... where's ..."
The lessons continued, twice a week, week after week. The dances became more complicated, the dresses grew more seductive, their banter more flirtatious. Sherlock was pleased with John's progress, his ever-increasing confidence, his easy transition from follower to leader. He was particularly pleased with his reaction to the hot pink, strapless, mini-dress that he wore for their seventh lesson.
At the bottom of the duffel bag was a box wrapped in silver wrapping paper and a wide, red ribbon. John had written directly on the paper, “Merry Christmas. I love you. John.” Sherlock left it in the bag, then put that in the closet, too.
In the evening, "God, you're such an idiot!" meant that John wasn't undoing his flies fast enough, and that Sherlock was about to quite literally take things into his own hands.
“Why don’t we get you back in bed, then, where you belong.” John winked as he got in the car, leaving Sherlock weak in the knees on the footpath. If John was eager to get Sherlock back into bed, Sherlock wasn’t going to say no.
“I’m surprised he didn’t tell me, to be honest.”
“Yes. I couldn’t help it. You know how I’ve said that I can’t always control what comes to mind, or out of my mouth, when I’m stimulated?”
– John had never called him that before, and Sherlock couldn't have anticipated the complicated rush of affection, vulnerability, and arousal he felt when he heard it. He unlocked his ankles and wove his hands up into John's hair, gave him another kiss, and let go.
Sherlock had vibrated with unresolved energy, climbing up and out of the pit, cannonballing back in, over and over, while John floated, arms and legs spread, his eyes never leaving Sherlock as he jumped, swam, climbed, jumped, swam, climbed.
“I didn’t see it until we got out of the elevator! I swear!” John was doubled over, backing up until he could sit on the edge of the bed. “I’m sorry,” he wheezed. “I am. Really.”
“John. Don’t get any ideas. You’re going to be my cabana boy, remember?”
“I knew you would see reason, love.”
John drank a long swallow of his coffee and shook his head. “Sherlock, you're forgetting something really important. Your penis isn't hollow. It's not like the bladder. You've got the glans, the corpora cavernosa, the corpus spongiosum, and the urethra.”
“Sorry, here, let me help you with that.”
be that aroused when John, strong, gorgeous, compassionate John was doing
Sherlock pressed his forehead to John’s shoulder and rubbed his nose against John’s bicep. “You were dating someone else just before you proposed to me. Remember?”
“Treasure,” John interjects.
“I’ll be back later. I’ll spend the night here, okay? Take you apart, piece by piece.”
nurse
Sherlock’s eyes well up, and isn’t that silly, he thinks, that this is one of her first requests. He sniffs and clears his throat, and steps back to put one wing around John’s shoulders, and nudge him forward. John feels solemn next to him, solemn as the miracle unfolding before them.
“No. Mycroft will know. He knows everything.”
Sherlock leaned back into John’s touch and closed his eyes.
." Sherlock stands tall. His pulse beats strong in his chest, his heart saying
Sherlock thought John might lean over the table again, meet him halfway, but John pushed his chair back with a loud screech of wood on wood, and came to stand next to Sherlock, instead. Sherlock looked up, and John took his face in his hands and planted his mouth on Sherlock’s, and kissed him, really, really kissed him. When he pulled away his hands were still entwined in Sherlock’s hair, and the people around them were clapping.
“Thank you for doing this with me. It’ll make Mrs. Hudson happy.”
“John, Molling, Stamfjord, come closer, now that you’re here.” Cetus makes room for his apprentices near Moringa’s side. “I want you to watch how I bind her ankle with this
“Thank you. I’ll make it up to you, I promise.”
“We have worked for endless cycles of the sun to locate that tooth, to ensure that Pono is never resurrected, that her ill-begotten offspring never hatches. I was more than willing to play your silly game if it meant I could get close enough.”
Afterward, he felt John’s arms go around him, felt their chests smear together as his body jerked through the aftershocks. “Shh, shh, I’ve got you. I’ve got you. Shhh.”
Tui on the Shelf and that Dā was not with you when you met them. I know they came home with you after your visit there, but Uncle Mycroft did not, because that’s when he started to work with the High Council. One of you must have met with the High Council while you were there, because what other reason would you have had to go to the Shelf all the way from Cassiopeia? Why did you meet with the High Council?"
Sitting on the couch, crumbs falling between cushions, reading out loud, inside jokes, giggles and rumbles, fond smiles.
John smeared more lube on his fingers, and on Sherlock, then ripped the condom wrapper open with his teeth, and spit out the little foil strip he’d torn off. He looked down at Sherlock, spread open below him.
“Yeah?”
“You okay? Your breathing’s gone all funny.”
"Yeah, I've been here a few times."
“An experiment.”
Their best date, however, came toward the end of June when Sherlock invited John out for the first time and arranged for them to meet at New Scotland Yard.
now. Dead. He’s a hero.”
The barest blush stained Sherlock’s razor sharp cheekbones, rosy pink beneath the intense grey-blue eyes.
“We have asked for the right to partake in the same freedoms that all other pengs enjoy, freedoms that should have been ours all along. The right to bond with anyone we choose exists as one of the most personal freedoms I can imagine, and we had to involve the High Council to ensure us that right.
He looks up at John again, studies his lined face, his ever-so-blue eyes. There is no regret there, no anger at this decades-late confession.
“Hey.”
“I can see now how that’s a star, and not a snowflake,” John says, leaning low to get a better look. “Maybe the star does something?”
"Prove it."
June 10, 2015: I have now edited this document in accordance with KarlyAnne's beta-ing recommendations. She has brit-picked, caught my lay/lie issues, recommended changing "alright" to "all right" in several places, caught errors, and generally cheered from the sidelines. This fic is better for it.
Sherlock closes his eyes and waits for the grand reveal. Next to him John takes a deep breath, and Sherlock feels the rise and fall of John’s wing against his side. The wind brushes over his face and bill, cool and sweet. He records the sensations of this moment in his ice palace and he waits for Janine to announce that he and John found the tooth, that he and Mycroft took it to the High Council, that he was the one who found the heartstone. From this point forward he and John will not be just Pāpā and Dā to Erebel. He is not sure how he feels about that, but he wishes he’d thought to tell her before now.
Sherlock is almost completely adult in appearance now, except for the lack of gold, which should come in around the one year mark.
Sherlock reached over and grabbed the crust off John’s plate, and began chewing as sullenly as he could. John winked at him.
Erebus and Siger are quiet for a short time, then Siger says, “This is most impressive, John. Most impressive. I have observed you skipping ice and stones before, but I had no idea that you had developed such accuracy and force.
They pulled up on the lane when the church and its vicarage nestled. Holmes sprang out first and turned to Wiggins. "Thank you for your service." He pulled out a folded note. "Give my thanks to the rest of the Irregulars."
"Nearer three, Mr Holmes. An open safe,  a score of  scandalous documents being fed to the flames and the blood of a blackmailer seeping into the carpet." She looked directly into Holmes's eyes. “It did surprise me that individuals as  adept as you and Dr Watson were never able to catch those murderous burglars…"
“When I took holy orders, Amelia left the family home and took up a role as my housekeeper and assistant as I moved between parishes until I was offered the living at Whetstone eighteen months ago. We settled into parish life quickly, and once again found ourselves amongst good people.
"M-May I ask… have you ever been in love, Mr Holmes?"
"And this will form the end of the matter?"
“Leave your things here. “He unfolded a large sheet of brown paper on the floor. “I will dispose of them for you. Run a bath and make whatever use you require of the facilities. The water is hot and almost unlimited. Everything you might require is here. Dr Watson is also on hand if you require his services.”
"Martha Hudson has eyes and ears, but she is ruled by her heart. I doubt the suggestion that we might innocently share a bed would startle her into moral panic. Come on, you great fool. Lie down in the warm. There are two locked doors between us and the outside world, and what should you fear? Surely not me?"
“Thank you. And likewise. I already carry the weight of one death  on my conscience, however justified. That is enough for me. TheCollege has  granted me a second chance which I will not squander."
"Trust me." Watson complied against his better judgement and sense of chivalry.
Watson nodded sharply as acknowledgement. “Such a thing is not unheard of,“ he replied, although clearly wanting a more detailed explanation. He took out this notebook.
Holmes nodded. “We have been companions for most of the past decade, through fair times and foul, and I am confident that this will continue for the rest of our lives.”
"As you wish, Holmes." They watched the Radegund contingent glide past, joining the flow only once they were several seconds behind.
Holmes deliberately waited until Fosset was comfortably ensconced in the sitting room before making his appearance. Mrs Hudson fussed with the coffee tray, but her smile broadened as he caught her arm as she left the room.
He strode up to the porch and tapped at the door which swung open at his touch. "Morning. May we come in?"
A discreet knock on the door two hours later woke Holmes from his reverie. He hadn't the heart to disturb Watson – he needed all the sleep he could get.
The man who emerged from the bathroom in Holmes’ least-favoured dressing gown bore little resemblance to the beggar they had transported from Whetstone. The restorative heat of the bath had straightened his back and uncrabbed his hands. His hair and beard were and soft, albeit lacking in a certain level of tidiness.
Watson pressed a small tumbler of brandy into Fosset’s hand, which he downed readily.
Good,” replied Holmes. “So come with us, and all will be well.”
"But why did you deface the plaque?" asked Fosset. "What purpose did you hope it would serve?"
“But what if…?"
"Indeed. I was one of those. I  rejected a match with a man twice my age when I had barely left the school gates, and it was only the actions of my dear aunt who left me the funds to make my own life that secured my future. I am worse than dead to my family, and have been so these past twenty  years as a result." She stared at the gate which was now closed tight for  the evening. "The College is  my family now, and I must protect it."
She forced him to the ground and pressed the point into his shoulder. He tried to swerve away only to find his path blocked by several students. She leaned down into his face. "Not so funny now are you? It wouldn't take much for me to finish you off. She edged the umbrella point closer to the softness of his throat. "Even the strongest man has his weak spots…"
Later, once Miss Fosset had recovered herself, they gathered in the modest parlour whilst Lovellan recounted the tale of his misfortune and return. The train which had crashed into the sea after the track was pulverised by a vicious spring storm. Being washed up on a beach further up the coast, lacking everything but the clothes on his back and a few coins in his pocket. His mind feeling as blank as though it had been washed by the waves. The label in his coat which suggested a London origin. How his journey began, funded by begging and the charity found in churches along the way.
"Justice is not always best served by the courts, Mrs Holtz, but in this case, Dr Watson and I will not cease until these culprits face the  consequences of their deeds."
“How I forget myself,” he exclaimed. “Please sit down,” gesturing to Fosset. ”I understand that you met Dr Watson yesterday in my absence.”
“Now!” Holmes pulled Watson to his feet and they advanced. He stopped a handsnatch away, just as the figure, dressed in pitiable stinking rags, dropped his tools and attempted to flee. Watson blocked his path.
"All are  at your disposal, Mr Holmes…"
"Pish tosh." Holmes shifted to the far side of the bed and held out his hand. "Enough of your misplaced gallantry. You need as much rest as I do, and sod propriety."
"But about Mrs Hud-" Holmes waved his hand.
Watson turned to Holmes, who was staring out of the sitting room window. “Holmes, could you leave us for a few moments so that I can conduct a consultation? “
As expected, St Barts relinquished its bodily hold on Holmes later that afternoon, albeit on the strictest of conditions, focusing on the fact that he strayed not further than the confines of his rooms for at least the next day, extending to the possibility of sedate walks after that.
Holmes outlined his plan to the members of the College. He was acutely aware of Mrs Holtz's gaze throughout, but chose to place it at the back of his mind.
A floorboard creaked about his head. His gaze flashed towards it. "How is Amelia? I feel I have done her a grievous wrong."
“Old friend, that goes without saying. Perhaps what occurred was not the theft of virtue taken under dubious circumstance, but instead the gift of affection freely offered in the sure and certain understanding of the shared life that was to follow.”
Holmes cast a quick glance towards Watson, who threw it straight back at him. “My leg is quite fine, Sir Worry Wort.” He turned to Dr McLelland, who was trying to school her amusement.”War wound, which occasionally bothers me from time to time..”
"Although she gives the distinct impression of having lived a very different life before her marriage."
A pleasant lunch followed, one  at which Dr McLelland introduced those members of the College who were currently present.
Holmes offered his hand into her. "Consider yourself welcome at Baker Street whenever you are again in London."
"I am most gratified to hear that ma'am."
Reverend Fosset nodded. “That is most kind. I can be contacted at the Vicarage. Here is my card.”
“Chaperones have been followed by mysterious individuals. Miss Brayfield, who lives in Cherry Hinton, came home to find the remains of three blackbirds, their necks wrenched, laid in a line across her doormat. And then last night, Miss Cosgrove, was confronted by two individuals on bicycles who took advantage of the fog to block her path as she crossed Magdalene Bridge, and threatened to dunk her in the  Cam, ‘to see if a witch could float.’ The approach of a constable on his beat stopped them in their tracks, and they were gone before anything could be made of it. Miss Cosgrove was more angered than frightened, but the continued safety and welfare of those in my care cannot be allowed to be threatened in this way.”
“Slowly.”
“I will do my utmost.”
“As you wish,” came the enigmatic reply from a man wishing to believe what he had been told, but not entirely trusting to hope it was the truth.
"Only because you forbade me to carry my gun…"
Watson stood in front of their dining table, setting out the contents of the parcel as Holmes joined him.
"Good." She turned to go but Holmes held out his hand.
" At the very stroke of three  o'clock. Be prepared for anything and everything, and all will be well. “
Lovellan advanced slowly. "I am no ghost, and am continuing to recover from my injuries, thanks in no small part to these gentlemen here."
“It was not your fault.” Holmes‘ voice seemed to temper the man’s fear and self loathing. “Assumptions were made without appropriate evidence. Now come with us and all will be solved. There’s a warm bath, a clean bed, good food and new clothes waiting for you if you come with us now.
Watson began snuffling in  his sleep. Holmes aches to slip into the next room and fit himself against his body, but held back, far too aware of the dangers of discovery, even in such an apparent haven as the College. Discretion was their greatest defence. There would be time enough for  open affection when they returned  to  Baker Street.
“I am perfectly fine,” he hissed to Watson upon waking on the eighth day of his medical incarceration. “I have answered all the questions that have been asked of me and have kept what passes for breakfast here within my system despite its revolting texture. My wound continues to heal to the satisfaction of Stamford and his medical acolytes.” He levered himself closer to Watson, who found that his greatest friend had somehow transformed from the saviour of London to the persona of an overgrown and bored child.
Holmes frowned at him. "And why do you believe that a chair can offer a better night's sleep than the remaining half of my mattress? You will curse your shoulder later."
“Amelia fell into a mute panic from which she could not be reduced. I made desperate enquiries on her behalf, only to discover that our beloved Lovellan had been on that train, much to the distress of those who loved him. A memorial service was held once it was confirmed that there could be no hope for his return, in place of the much looked-for wedding. Amelia withdrew even further into herself, almost never leaving her room or even her bed. She grew increasingly pale and listless, and I truly feared that I would lose her.” The room hummed with an unspoken sympathy.
Holmes waited until the railway carriage was empty before he spoke. “You have failed to tell all that you know, Victor.” Fosset looked up at the use of his Christian name. “Remember I know you of old, and can spot omission as quickly as fabrication.”
“He is a fortunate man.”
“Watson!” The voice was growing more insistent. Watson looked for signs of impending disaster and found none.The insistent tone could mean one thing. But what client arrived at a  quarter past eight in the morning?
Watson fixed him with a friendly glare. “I insist. You must know as well as I do that a few hours rest will make a great deal of difference. I believe Holmes has every intention of disentangling this situation sooner than you think.”
“On my way up…” He kept the usual ‘dear heart’ silent for fear of disclosure.  He listened closely as he ascended the stairs, but found that he could only hear a fraction of the ongoing conversation.
“At last !” exclaimed Holmes. “How is Sister Mary Joseph?”
Watson smiled at him with an odd relief. “Thank you, Reverend, for the speed of your reaction, I am quite unharmed, even if, alas my oranges are not.”
Holmes gestured for them to sit down, then poured the coffee. Watson offered the toast rack.
The unity of purpose remained when, after dinner, the Fellows,  students  and chaperones gathered in different areas of the  College in order to prepare for the coming day. As ever, Holmes did not clarify his reasons, only promising that all would be explained once those who had been menacing them were brought to justice.
“Excellent. May I  introduce Dr Iris McLelland, Warden of Radegund College, Cambridge. Dr McLelland, this is Dr John Watson, who shares your profession.”
"Yes, sir." He drank from his cup, then swallowed the tablets that were offered to him before being guided to the back room and assisted into the bed. The comfort of fresh, clean sheets and a soft mattress claimed before he could object.
“Watson, I merely wish to take the opportunity to speak privately with Vic- Fosset, as he is now, as I feel that there are elements of this case which he would only reveal to a friend, even one he hasn’t seen for half a lifetime.” He squeezed Watson's arm. “There is no avenue of life in which I would exchange you for another,” he whispered. “Be assured of that, if nothing else.” He watched Watson’s face and seemed to see a fraction of the concern there ebb away.
He moved the dressing gown aside and Watson saw how the jagged welts on his leg looked as though it had been attacked by an unseen monster. There was more evidence of healing than putrefaction, but when Watson gently palpated the area, his fingers encountered evidence of an unwelcome heat.
"You see what I have seen, Mr Holmes? What  am I to make of it? "
Fosset inclined his head. “The pleasure was all mine.”
Holmes grinned. “ As ever, your complimentary recognition of my talents nourishes me.” He flicked through the relevant pages of the notebook, a brightness shining in his eyes. “Hmm. Interesting, and not without promise.” He patted Watson’s arm. “Before we visit the Fossets, I believe that the church may furnish further information. Be prepared for anything including violence,“ he warned. “We may yet witness the dead walk amongst us.”
"Although?".
He realised with a  start that Dr McLelland was watching with him with no minor concern.
“And then, about three weeks ago, she rediscovered a fraction of her herself, and went into the church. I found her in a pew adjacent to Lovellan’s memorial plaque. She had been sitting there in odd contemplation for some time when the parish ladies came in to refresh the altar flowers. They invited her to join them, which she did, albeit still as a muted shade of whom she had been.”
"The wind is turning in our favour, Watson. What have you discovered?"
Holmes’ eyes widened at the implication of his words, but he nodded in agreement. “There are some secrets which are not shared between siblings, no matter the strength of their bond.“ His hand touched Fosset’s. “If that is the case, she is battling more than grief. She is living in fear of your reaction, especially now that the one with whom she had planned to share her life and its developments cannot protect her.”
It was a silent, watchful journey for all concerned. Watson kept a close eye on both of his companions, who each their own way had spent a restful night. They had both consumed suitably fortifying breakfast of toast and tea. Their guest then allowed Holmes to carefully and efficiently remove his beard with his cutthroat razor, much in the demeanour of one mutely preparing for sacrifice.
"An intriguing answer, ma'am. Our paths have crossed before, perhaps a little more than two years ago?"
“It was then that Amelia met and grew close to Dr Lovellan, a young doctor keen to make his mark on the profession. He was a kind, calm and human soul, very similar in some ways to our stepfather, and he seemed to make her very happy.” He smiled at the memory. “Indeed, when he approached me for permission to ask for her hand, I was delighted. An announcement was made and the banns were read, in preparation for a late spring wedding. And then...” His face greyed.
"Who are they?" Asked Dr McLelland
The figure drew closer, enabling Watson to discern a flash of white at the man’s throat. He caught the man’s gaze and prepared for confrontation. The sharp neigh of a startled horse and the frantic tattoo of unfettered hooves took his attention at the crucial moment. The oranges he had bought fell from his grasp and spattered underfoot. He felt himself jerked violently backwards as the brewery dray cart thundered uncontrollably past where he had just been standing.
00000
Watson calmed a little. "I wouldn't have returned to live in this house if I was, but I fear for your reputation. The world is an increasingly cruel place, especially after the Wilde case."
“Lovellan undertook to a journey to Devon to visit an old friend about a month before the wedding. Amelia saw him off at the station, expecting that the separation would only be for at most a week. But he never came back.” He took a long draught of his coffee before continuing. “The day he was due to return was full of storms in the south west, to the point that the railway line near Dawlish was ripped apart by the elements.
They remained in absolute silence for several minutes, their eyes trained on the space under the window. At first there was nothing, then the faintest barrage of metal against stone. Watson strained his eyes and could just make out the furtive movements of a figure intent on chipping away at the damaged memorial plaque.
"Your influence knows no bounds, Mr Holmes.”
“I am doubtful that he will be able to.“ He looked at the mug of soup from Watson. “It would have been better for all if you had not found me. I am not deserving of such support.”
Watson’s temporary abandonment of Holmes allowed him the opportunity to prepare 221b for Holmes’ return. He disposed of the rotting experiments cluttering the workbench while Mrs Hudson changed the bedlinens and laid out fresh towels. She was grateful for his help, but recognised his need for fresh air, and sent him on an errand.
“Much improved, thankfully. The Poor Clares send their regards.”
"Careful of your stitches!"
Watson sighed. “Even a brain such as your will miss a cue from time to time, especially when such emotions and ideas are not immediately observable.” He felt a long-fingered hand grasp his elbow tenderly.
“Especially when you have been up most of the night attending to the Poor Clares.”
Watson remained outwardly stoic, even though his sympathy was clear. “You will return to Baker Street when and only when physicians other than myself deem you fit to leave.” His smile had a regretful tinge. “I am of the opinion that perhaps you will be discharged to my sole care in the very near future, providing that all the conditions of such a release are met.” He leaned in closer to Holmes, as it to inspect the bruising on his skull. His lips were perhaps an inch from Holmes’ ear. “To lose you now would fracture me.”
Holmes twisted the card into the light and examined it, before placing it on the occasional table. “Interesting. Describe him for me.”
She paused outside a large house set back from the road by a carriage drive and a bank of trees. “Please follow me..”
The return to Baker Street was an uneventful one, taken in an a cab driven by Wiggins. They stopped once, at a modest gentleman’s outfitters off New Oxford Street. Mrs Hudson chose to ignore their arrival. Holmes ushered their guest upstairs and into their bathroom.
“Good morning Reverend,” he said, striding across to meet him, hand outstretched. Fosset seemed startled at the approach. A jolt of recognition passed between them. Holmes’ face lit up with an oddly placed smile.
"True,"admitted Holmes. "But neither of us are corruptible young men rebelling against the bigotry of their elders." He sat up, grasped hold of Watson’s arm and yanked him into the bed.
"Indeed, and the instructions with which to achieve it. What time shall we meet again?"
Watson slid it into his waistcoat and nodded. “I will relay your request as soon as Mr Holmes is available. And thank you again for your assistance today.”
“Lestrade told me something interesting yesterday,” Sherlock commented. “He said it’s inconsiderate for me to walk around the flat in the nude.”
Sherlock grumbled something, then rolled sideways far enough to grab the edge of the blanket and tug it free so he could wrap their bodies together like a burrito. “Better?”
The end came embarrassingly quickly. John tightened his grip and managed a “Oh shit, gonna--” before the world went white and he was coming his brains out. Sherlock hummed again, a thoughtful noise this time, then withdrew with lips still shiny from his exertions. John wanted so badly to taste himself on that expressive mouth, but he made do with groping for Sherlock’s hand and squeezing it. It seemed a more reliable method of conveying thanks than relying on words would be.
“You damn well were,” John growled. “The hell if I’m going to allow some two-bit thug to shoot my Sherlock.”
John wracked his brain, trying to come up with a conclusion, but drew a blank. “I don’t understand. I mean, thank you? But…”
“Don’t get me wrong,” John said. “I can still appreciate beauty in the human form as much as anyone else can. I truly don’t mind you wandering around starkers, because I value you as my best friend and the fact that you’re objectively
,” John explained with the superhuman patience he’d been forced to develop within the first month of living with the berk. “I hope that’s not going to ruin your impression of me.”
“Usually I don’t. I haven’t before. But I found Tumblr.”
of fingernails on your scalp makes your eyes roll back in your head. I suspect a fingernail run up the back of your neck would give you goose pimples all over. You’re exquisitely sensitive, aren’t you?”
“Not sexually, per se,” John explained. “But asexual doesn’t mean I’m averse to
“No, that’s to see if you can undress my corpse without leaving incriminating evidence.”
“A plausible theory. Blunt to the point of rudeness, but plausible. And I think that’s the first time I’ve ever heard someone use the word ‘coitus’ aloud.”
kind of massage parlor, and it’s not something I normally offer, but in your case I find myself willing to make an exception.”
“Yes.”
“Great,” Anderson muttered. “Cross-dressing hooker, then?”
John shifted his grip again and tried desperately not to stare down Sherlock’s cleavage. He
“You wouldn’t know,” Sherlock said. “Every time you’ve seen a woman in her knickers there was a man present, obviously. You. Although it speaks well for your carnal prowess that they continued to attempt to entice you even after the first sexual encounter. Bravo.”
“Off the record,” he murmured, “you have two choices now. One is deep tissue massage through your pectoral to reach the subscapularis and hopefully get it to stop pulling unevenly against the clavicle. It’s not particularly pleasant and will likely take several sessions, leaving you feeling off-balance and asymmetrically sore each time.”
There was never going to be a
“Okay then.” And John started to undo the straps on Sherlock’s shoes.
“Christ.” John scrubbed a hand over his face. “I don’t want to think about Harry’s tits, okay? I can’t just
I’d like to have sex with you.”
“Ah.” John looked at one Sherlock, then the other. “I need more coffee for this.”
“Not--
. Each pass made John feel two centimetres taller. It also brought a twitch of interest to an area he was happy his massage therapist couldn’t currently see.
“You should know that I’m already about ten seconds away from going off, simply from feeling how hard you are for me,” John admitted. “I haven’t even got my trousers off yet. But I’m going to focus on you first.” He carefully coated the head of Sherlock’s cock in lube - only the head - and started massaging it with his thumb and one fingertip. The rest of his fingers kept brushing up against lace and satin every time he moved his hand, and it felt incredible. “Have you ever had intercrural sex, Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s answering smile was something John was determined to carry in his heart forever.
“I didn’t know I had a kink for me in lingerie either,” Sherlock mumbled, voice distorted by how he had his forehead pressed into the pillow. “But it’s going to make intercourse impossible, so it needs to come off.”
things like you do.”
They left the biscuits on the floor to be hoovered later and settled into their respective armchairs with tea. Sherlock seemed entirely at home sitting in a short dress with his hairy legs demurely crossed. He had perfect posture, which was a surprise since his skeletal makeup was usually an afterthought when it came to his relationship with furniture. John eyed him warily and finished his tea in silence.
Sherlock nodded. “Second question: what is it about sex you dislike? Surely you’re not squeamish about the fluids involved, given your eventual profession?”
“Your vocabulary diminishes the closer you get to having sex,” Sherlock noted in a muffled voice. “You need to learn a wider variety of profanities.”
Even if the sight didn’t make his own prick engorge itself in sympathy, the fact that Sherlock was aroused
“And…” Sherlock’s gaze seemed to have settled somewhere in the vicinity of John’s sternum, but then he looked up and John was hooked in that verdigris stare once more. “I don’t know how to do this,” Sherlock confessed. “I’ve never had a friend before, much less a best friend. I want to be honest with you but I’m not sure I can put the truth into words. I… care deeply for you. I cannot contemplate functioning without you by my side. You have become my cocaine, John. And I don’t know what to do.”
“But… why?”
“Sorry.” He refocused on Sherlock’s prone form. “You sure she was wearing a dress?”
Sherlock visibly shivered.
The next several weeks were among the strangest John had ever experienced, even after serving in Afghanistan, getting shot at, and living with Sherlock Holmes for nearly three years. Often one Sherlock was asleep on the sofa while the other typed furiously at his laptop. Other times, both Sherlocks followed him around observing him like he was an exhibit at the zoo. John started spending a lot of time in his room with the door closed. London’s criminals were unfortunately behaving themselves, meaning Sherlock only got to solve two cases with himself--one of which involved John doing most of the legwork anyway. Somehow Sherlock managed to keep the existence of his clone from everyone except Mycroft and John. Mycroft because he was probably damn near omniscient, and him because… John wasn’t entirely sure. Unavoidable exposure? Simply too lazy to bother hiding? He certainly wasn’t asked to participate in any of Sherlock’s new experiments.
John propped himself up on one elbow… and promptly fell back flat on the seat cushions when one of the Sherlocks knelt on the floor with little fanfare and engulfed John’s cock in his mouth. “Guh.”
It took a moment to regain his balance after his legs and back had been blissed into submission, but John managed to sit with the sheet piled in his lap. Sherlock prowled around him twice, muttering to himself. Once he reached out to press down gently on both of John’s shoulders, and a second time to graze the sizes of John’s ribcage and correct his sitting posture.
with or without your clothes on is simply a bonus.”
“Good, right?”
“Hmmm.... That’s the nature of blind spots, I suppose. You don’t realize you have them.”
(teenlock)
“I knew that was going to happen soon,” the sole remaining Sherlock said sheepishly. “Excuse me a moment--I need to clone myself again.”
John toed off his shoes and relaxed onto the sofa. “Go ahead,” he said, and waved his hand indicating they should get on with it. “I’ll just watch from here.”
find them arousing, and I like that. Tell me.”
He knelt again over Sherlock’s legs, got both hands thoroughly slippery, and set about slicking up the inside of the lean, muscular thighs he was already drooling over.
He couldn’t possibly see the contents of the drawer with his head still touching John’s pillow, but he unerringly plucked the small pump-top bottle from behind all the other decoy detritus and passed it back over his shoulder. He’d snooped at least once, then. It was hard to summon up the proper outrage when presented with such a visual feast… John slicked up just his thumb and forefinger, then snaked his hand under Sherlock’s lean stomach. He followed the lace by touch until he encountered a lovely fat knob straining well past the length the knickers would have been able to contain it.
“Right.” John studied his mad, beautiful flatmate for a long moment. “So from an aesthetic standpoint, I love your combination of pale skin and dark hair. I would expect dark body hair to show up more but you’re not a naturally hirsute man, are you?”
“Mascara, blush, plush matte lipstick in ‘Freckle Fiesta,’ as if that were an actual color, and a touch of neutral-tone eyeshadow. You could see the remains of it around the victim’s superior palpebral fold. I need to determine whether her killer wiped her makeup off her face or whether she did it herself sometime prior to her death.”
was indeed stabbed with a paring knife, a single thrust, but--”
John shrugged. “Details.”
“Excellent. Make sure you go online to schedule another appointment for next week. I believe this treatment will only get more effective with additional applications.”
, Sherlock. Even if you never want to get naked together again, I’m going to be here. With you. You’re my best friend. And while saying “best friends forever” makes me sound like a teenage girl, I’d like a big chunk of that “forever” with you if you’ll allow it.”
“Do it,” Sherlock demanded. Then twisted himself around enough to make eye contact. “Yes, I’m serious. I value your insight. Please, go ahead.”
Sherlock nodded. “I suspect it was unintentional, but without moving her body or viewing the actual scene of her death it’s difficult to determine whether the blow was the result of a true accident or whether it came about as part of an assault.”
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look intrigued. “Really? How?”
inadvertent. You shoved me, or tripped and knocked into me and sent me sprawling, or we were having a lovers’ spat and you lashed out. Or perhaps you don’t have a good history with law enforcement and know you won’t be taken seriously. However it happens, your date is now a cadaver.”
I” and “Please do” overlapped, but John chose to respond only to the latter. The Sherlocks watched keenly as he stripped off his jumper, unbuttoned his shirt, and shucked his trousers and pants. By the time he was reclined across the sofa and palming his already-interested prick, the Sherlocks were both fully aroused and fully focused on him.
“You do understand, right?” John asked as they tumbled onto his bed. “As nice as it would have been to ravish you on the floor of the sitting room, I refuse to have our first time be a continuation of you role-playing a dead woman. We moved up here because number one, I know it’s actually clean, and number two, I needed a bit of a mental reset button in between.”
“Oh, you get embarrassed about that
The man’s tone roused John enough to allow him to re-settle on his back, the sheet pulled back up to his shoulders. Sherlock flipped the bottom right corner dramatically upward and folded it deftly over John’s left thigh, exposing his right leg.
“I’m not exactly heterosexual either. Sorry if that messes up your deductions. I’m not usually interested in cis men, true, but that doesn’t mean I only like cisgender women. You’ve thrown me for a bit of a loop here. And I’m only saying it this plainly because if I don’t, I know you’ll disappear into that mind palace of yours chasing increasingly outrageous theories. It’s really not that complicated.”
“You’re only half right.” Sherlock stood and twisted sideways, waving John closer. “Which you’d have noticed earlier, if you’d have bothered to observe.  John, take a look.”
That… wasn’t at
John blinked. “Ah, not to contradict you since you’re clearly an
“Boring,” the Sherlock on the sofa declared.
“I tried it, for a few years,” Sherlock admitted in a delightfully unsteady voice. “Piano is Mycroft’s thing, though. He’s crap at violin, which is why I stuck with it.”
“You’ve got--you’ve got
Sherlock brightened. “Are we in a romantic relationship, then?”
“Deal.”
had sex ed at some point. It’s all kind of… hanging out there. Pretty obviously a bloke.”
Only Sherlock would consider almond milk and surprise red Y-fronts as foreplay. John took two steps and pinned Sherlock to the refrigerator. One look at Sherlock’s shocked but eager expression told him the move had been the right decision. “Sherlock,” John said, looking the man right in the eye. “You missed some steps.”
“So. Go about disguising me as a dead cis man instead of a dead trans woman.”
*****
“John,” Sherlock said in an urgent voice. “What’s a little spoon?”
“Ah.” John licked his lips and willed himself to not explode at his--currently disturbingly feminine--flatmate. “I’ll just bring in the tea, then, shall I?”
“I think I’d like to do an experiment of my own sometime, if you were amenable. I’d be interested in learning what parts of you are hard or soft, calloused or smooth… all that haptic data. You surprise me, sometimes, with how warm you actually are. When we end up huddled together for some reason or another and I can feel your body heat seeping into me. Your skin is warm even when your words are cold and cutting. That’s the part of dating I enjoy most, honestly - snuggling, cuddling, whatever you want to call it. Having a human being whose company I enjoy and who enjoys my company in return, voluntarily touching me in comfortable ways.”
The detective’s whole body twitched at that, which gave John no end of satisfaction.
“Her partners presumably find her breasts aesthetically adequate,” Sherlock pointed out.
Purple-shirt Sherlock nodded. “Not much we can do in thirty minutes.”
“And the other?”
“Push it in,” the clone Sherlock begged. “We didn’t try this angle before and I want to know if it feels as good as the other way.”
John blinked. “Err… how?”
“Sherlock.”  Lestrade cleared his throat again. “I know you don’t think much of my team, but most of them
Sherlock beamed at him from the doorway. “I discovered Tumblr,” he declared.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And
John thought. “I don’t think there was a specific moment, exactly. I got crushes, the same as the rest of my peers. Then, as we got older, they spent all their time trying to get into girls’ knickers while I was still perfectly happy to snog and maybe hold hands. Carry their books, write terrible poetry, I’m sure you know the drill. Although I can’t picture you with spots, blushing and stammering over your own name because a cute girl noticed you.”
John nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Ah.”
“You will be again once we get your tremor and your limp sorted. Hold your breath for me. In… and out. In… and out. Again.” Sherlock braced a palm against the nape of John’s neck on each
“The killer cut her hair--badly--and left her naked to mislead us into thinking she was a cis man?”
John swallowed. “I’d have to be an idiot to turn that offer down.”
Sherlock coughed. “Ah. Well. There’s a picture of you in your army fatigues on your bedside table. You look… very fit. Your body shape has changed some in the last ten years, obviously, but you’re still particularly muscular for your size. I find that arousing. You almost never go shirtless, but occasionally I see you in short sleeves and your biceps are impressive. I extrapolate.”
“Yes?” two Sherlocks answered from opposite sides of the flat.
“Okay.” John poured a cup to wake himself up enough to brew better coffee. He was halfway through it before he noticed something. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock twisted around to look at John over his shoulder, fixing him with a full-force pout.
“While we’re on the subject of compliments, though,” he continued, “there’s plenty about your ‘transport’ for me to appreciate, even if you usually don’t. Your voice, for one. Despite how often you’re an arsewipe to suspects, you sound good doing it. Part of me loves how you can sound so mellifluous even when tearing some poor sod apart. And you have such graceful hands - good for the violin, I suppose, with those long fingers. As well as for picking locks and scaling impossible-looking walls when chasing suspects. I bet you get told all the time that you should take up the piano.”
“You don’t think she was stabbed, then?”
“Also not female.”
John shot "his" Sherlock what he hoped was a smug look, then set to focusing on the task at hand. Or at mouth, as it were. He balanced his chest over the man’s thigh and tried not to move his lower body too much as he worked. Luckily, both Sherlocks seemed to approve of the situation. It took a few tries, but John finally maneuvered himself to where he could palm Sherlock’s bollocks and pump the base of his cock at the same time while he was sucking on the tip. He knew it was succeeding when Sherlock gave a full-body shiver and moaned loudly. The sound prompted the other Sherlock to moan too, which felt goddamned amazing around John’s prick.
“Mmmm, ‘sfine.” Sherlock ended up sprawled face-down, the ruined dress draped over his back and arse like a particularly discommodious cape. It was going to be in the way. Already was, John mused, as Sherlock arched his spine and the merits of his arse became even more difficult than usual to ignore.
Sherlock merely glared at him in a way dead women couldn’t.
Sherlock thrust into John’s hand, but John moved with him and slowed the gentle stroking even more. “Tease,” Sherlock grumbled.
“You got rather upset last time I did that,” the other Sherlock said, now lounging against his bedroom doorframe, “and I did promise not to do it again.”
I didn’t learn the term ‘asexual’ until I got to uni, but immediately I realized it applied to me. I’d never had a word for it before.”
“Hey. I
“Relaxing” wasn’t happening anytime soon, John was sure of that. Sherlock hummed contentedly around his mouthful of cock, drawing a loud gasp. John reached down to spear his hand through the man’s perfectly coiffed curls, an anchor to keep him from floating away into the aether of sensation.
“Did you just break all my TimTams?” Sherlock asked incredulously.
surprising, giving Sherlock’s show-off streak. And he did have a beautiful cock--thick and long, now that it was fully erect, jutting insistently out of his dark thatch of pubic hair. Sherlock stroked it slowly. John wasn’t hard but he also wasn’t naive: the man certainly had something worth showing off. “Do you like that I’m watching?” he asked suddenly.
“That’s not a no. And I’m hallucinating that there’s two of you.”
The Sherlock with the notebook frowned. “Lestrade? No. Molly Hooper? Definite no. Mrs. Hudson?” He shuddered. “No, I think it’s just for you.”
Sherlock huffed, but did as he was told.
John grinned. “I’m never going to object to you flattering me, Sherlock. I won’t be shocked, whatever you say. So make it good.”
“You astound me, John,” Sherlock said quietly. “How do you always have another layer I’d never noticed before?”
“I think I like it too.” John couldn’t hold back his grin.
hadn’t been the case for even longer than the touch starvation. Army work - even medical work - was an exercise in pushing through discomfort. Lack of sleep, fatigue, pulled muscles, sand in places sand shouldn’t ever go, it all rolled together into something to be coped with. Usually involving sheer willpower and more alcohol than was probably wise.
Strongly suspected, anyway. Sherlock had entirely too many expensive hair products for a heterosexual man who couldn’t care less about his transport. “
“And your control group is… you?”
“I’m hardly going to forget being shot at,” John said dryly. “Especially when
“Excellent.” John pressed a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips, barely long enough for Sherlock to draw in a sharp breath, then backed up and sat on the edge of the pants-covered table. “I’ll admit, I do look forward to seeing you in red.”
“It hasn’t been in the past,” Sherlock interrupted. “I’ve never bothered to gather much data on the subject. But I think… John, if you’re amenable, I’d like to try.”
“That’s fine, I…
So yeah - some of those are close to done, some have a ways to go, and I hate my distractible brain because I can't write All The Things at the same time but there are so many shiny plot ideas! I have told myself I don't get to start any new fics until I finish at least two of these :-D
Sherlock rolled his eyes, then sauntered over to the desk and dramatically clocked his hip on the corner. John was on his feet and extending an arm in an instant, but Sherlock was already on the floor and rubbing his elbow.
“That’s precisely why I don’t take offense when you’re a knob-end about ignoring me.” No new emails, dammit. They were both spoiling for a case, no matter how minor. “As long as you practice good personal hygiene and restrict your bare arse to contact with only your chair and the sofa, I don’t really care. Both are leather and I disinfect them regularly. If you scandalize Mrs. Hudson, that’s your problem.”
Ultimately it didn’t matter, because halfway to the sofa Sherlock emerged from the loo and the entire plate went tumbling from John’s grasp onto the floor.
“Relax,” Sherlock murmured, leaning forward with a hungry look. “I’m going to do all the work.” And then he sucked the head of John’s prick into his mouth.
Sherlock looked mildly affronted at the implication that he might not be omniscient, which was really more humorous than it should have been in the middle of such a serious discussion.
I merely need to know what the primary difficulties would be, and if it’s possible for you to remove the obvious feminine signifiers without leaving additional evidence of your attempts behind.” He let his arms flop heavily and started listing to the right, causing John to have to re-adjust his grip around the man’s skinny torso. “These are the clothes I had, so obviously an approximation.”
Now that I'm done with that, though, I'm going to *try* to post a chapter a week of my unfinished fics on here. It may still take a while for some, and I'm not doing a strict rotation or anything, but I'm currently still poking at:
At least life with Sherlock meant he was never bored.
He finished it off with a little flourish and laid John’s leg back down on the cushioned table.
“How are the nerves around the bullet wound?” Sherlock asked suddenly.
John had to blink a moment before he regained his powers of speech. “Mostly numb over my pectoral,” he admitted. “It’s the exit wound that’s been giving me the most trouble.”
look. “Of course it’s okay.”
For what was probably the first time in Sherlock’s life, the man offered no comment when John hauled him away from his current “experiment” (in making John crazy) and dragged him up the stairs to the only
attention, specifically. And I’m afraid I might be a high-maintenance partner - especially now that I know how well you wield your genitalia.”
, John,” Sherlock breathed. “I sometimes think about… there was that case, a few months ago, where you essentially tackled me in that warehouse when we heard gunshots, remember that?”
“Dibs on giving,” one of them said.
“I’m, errr. I’m John.” He offered a handshake, which the man frowned at but accepted.
“I didn’t think you did that sort of thing,” John said calmly. “Experiment?”
Sherlock frowned thoughtfully. “The way you’re carrying tension in your shoulders isn’t helping any,” he finally declared. “Here, sit up.”
“Office worker would be my guess,” Sherlock interrupted, “going by the state of her hands. Look, here and here--the calluses are from typing. Her nose has faint indentations from glasses, too. Probably only wore them when the monitor was giving her headaches. Nevertheless, the wound positioning does point to this being sex-related, at least tangentially. Send me close-ups of the back of her head and details of any particulates once you’ve had someone other than Anderson collect them. Come on, John--I need to run an experiment.” He stood. “Oh, and Garrett? ‘Transgender’ is an adjective, not a noun. You might offend someone.”
“Wanking? Or wanking with company?”
“Yes?”
Classic Sherlock. “I think,” John said, “I might find that an acceptable circumstance. There aren’t that many genius consulting detectives with sexy voices and an apparent lingerie kink out there, you know. I can’t imagine anyone else out there could meet my exceedingly high standards.”
Sherlock’s body went impossibly taut for a long moment. All except for his hips, which were stuttering frantically as he fucked into John’s fist. One, two more thrusts, then John was joining him in a near-simultaneous climax. Sherlock went limp after, letting out a sigh that said more than the proverbial thousand words might about how much he enjoyed himself. John rolled off and sprawled next to him, still breathing heavily.
John found himself having to actually put some thought into the answer. Harry had hugged him when he first got back, but that might have been it since prior to when his unit walked into that ambush. There’d always been contact with patients, back when he was still useful to the RAMC, but that was only incidental. Despite being in a war zone, he and his fellow doctors had treated a lot more colds, fevers, and STDs than they did bullet wounds. Seeing how many soldiers mysteriously came down with the clap after getting time off base had done wonders for keeping John’s libido in check while deployed.
have some qualified lab technicians at his disposal. He’ll text me when more information about our mystery woman is available. If Anderson doesn’t muck up the data collection first, that is.”
“Excellent,” Sherlock declared upon his return. “I run my appointments by task, not time, so be prepared to stay until I tell you you’re done and not before. Flip over, please. I assume you have no objection to music?”
He could be practical first, though. Sherlock barely twitched when John stood and went to dig out a flannel from the bathroom cupboard. The feel of the damp cloth on his abdomen prompted a mumble that might have expressed gratitude, but otherwise Sherlock was still too blissed-out to care that he might have just thanked his flatmate verbally for the first time in… well, ever, probably.
John grinned. “No objections here.” He leaned back against the sofa cushions. “Can I strip first?”
“And I,” Sherlock said as he pushed off the wall and prowled closer, “am overjoyed that you are not an idiot. Kick off the sheet, John.”
John briefly wondered what
“Teach me - but
“Fucking hell.” John braced himself on the coffee table, now that Sherlock’s knee was no longer supporting his torso, and watched in awe as the spent Sherlock hoisted the other Sherlock’s arse higher in the air and fucking
“It’s June,” John continued, “meaning there’s a good chance she really was wearing a sundress. Summer colors tend to be lighter, so the bloodstains would be obvious. And she
“Ah. I see.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Please know that I respect many of your other positive qualities besides your arse, things that are much more important, but you
“Most heterosexual men are more interested in the contents of a brassiere than—”
“Get on with it!”
” Anderson countered.
“I like that,” John continued. “Nothing to obstruct my view of your chest, your flat little nipples, your thigh muscles. I suspect most people who’ve only seen you fully dressed wouldn’t guess how toned you are under those suits. They don’t know about your 2 AM naked calisthenics in the sitting room when you think I’m asleep.”
“And I have discovered I rather like both giving and receiving,” the other added.
He got a cocked eyebrow in response, which was eloquent all on its own. “I could claim I’m just that dedicated to my work,” Sherlock drawled, “but also I find you sexually attractive and clearly you feel the same way about me. Nothing I can do about that while on the NHS’s time, but if the session is done we can… indulge… as much as we like.”
“Polish, yes. Salon, no.” Sherlock frowned. “Much as I lament the stupidity of the Yard, Lestrade
John’s laugh turned into a groan as the movement shifted Sherlock’s position in his lap. He rather suspected he was at least partially hard, which would be a Terribly Not Good thing for the detective to notice in the current situation. “The fact that I can see your bra and knickers through the fabric of your dress, mostly. Not a look most people go for.”
and swept his other hand in a firm motion from scapula to sacrum on the
“I can picture that.” John smiled at the imagined scene of when the brothers were younger. “But we were talking about touching.There’s rather a lot of you I’d like to touch sometime, if you allowed me to - I bet it would feel nice for both of us. I love how even the barest
“For the record, I wouldn’t object to you doing something about that, either. As long as you don’t leave spunk all over the flat for me to clean up.”
“Why a date?”
There were some disadvantages to being bisexual, and never being able to predict when surprise hard-ons might appear was one of them.
It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had swanned off a scene with his Belstaff swirling around him before John had even said a single word, but somehow it never got any easier. John shot Lestrade an apologetic little smile and chased off after Sherlock.
“This what you plan to do with your weekend?”
“No, feel free.” John settled back in his armchair and crossed his arms behind his head. “Want to give me a more dynamic view?”
touching. I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours?”
“John?”
“Delectable,” Sherlock declared, crispy snapping the consonants in the word. He leaned in, running the tip of his nose along John’s carotid. “I’m going to take them off you now. Yes?”
“Just to clarify,” John said, “because I want to make sure I have this right. You can’t figure me out in one go so you’re attracted to me. Romantically and/or sexually. And you want to… what?”
“I call 999 and attempt to staunch the flow until paramedics get here.”
“Also given a blow job or two, though.” John shrugged. “I’ve always had adventurous friends. Some of whom were excellent tutors.”
Sherlock switched to his other leg, and John fell into a contented half-doze. He was virtually pain-free.
might offend somebody?”
“For up to thirty-eight minutes at a time, yes. Still trying to improve that.”
“By the way,” the other Sherlock said, “if you’re about to use the loo, try not to touch the apparatus in the bathtub. It’s calibrated for my genetic signature, not yours.”
“Mmmmm. F’rever.” Sherlock nuzzled a sleepy kiss against John’s solar plexus. “Stay.”
Sherlock huffed. “Probably, but we can’t replicate
Interestingly, both Sherlocks’ cocks--which had been barely at half-mast--twitched at the same time. “I think I find that arousing,” one of them said. The other made a note in the experiment book.
John was shucking his jumper and unbuttoning his shirt even before Sherlock was done talking. He shrugged it off, leaving himself a plain white undervest and his jeans. The scar was an ugly one, mangled tissue spreading over most of his pectoral with tendrils curling over his clavicle and peeking out past the vest’s low collar, but the immediate gasp from Sherlock made the reveal worth it.
“Does it make you uncomfortable to learn that I’m not as straight as you thought?” It would kill him to face Sherlock’s censure, if so, but John had gotten used to pickled body parts in the fridge and mold samples in the loo. Sherlock could bloody well get used to the idea of John occasionally liking his partners--female or not--to have a dick.
John pressed a kiss down into those dark curls in answer.
“Love feeling you like this,” John murmured against Sherlock’s shoulderblade. The man was too bloody tall to whisper in his ear, damn it. “Feeling you, hearing you, seeing you, smelling you.” He ducked forward and traced his tongue up a section of Sherlock’s spine. “Tasting you.”
John barked out a laugh. “Since when have you known me to be polite? When it’s just the two of us, anyway?”
“Right. Here goes.”
John nodded slowly. “And you needed high heels and tits to do that.”
Sherlock blinked and fixed him with a
Sherlock was noticeably hard in his trousers. John made a motion toward volunteering to do something about it, but Sherlock waved the offer away. “I plan to go home and take my time with it,” he explained with a little shrug. “Going to take a nice long shower and wank about how you felt on my tongue. About the little sounds you made, the texture of your skin. But thanks for the offer.”
“But you don’t mind seeing my penis, even though nudity is socially discouraged in the UK.” Sherlock looked legitimately perplexed. “Is it because we’re not genetically related to each other? Or because you have the same genitalia I do?”
It wouldn’t be the first time, but John didn’t say that. The “friend” he’d lost in uni after coming out as ace was barely worth the title, anyway. The realization--and the freedom that came with understanding there was nothing wrong with him for not getting erections constantly through his teen years every time someone with tits entered his field of vision--had done more to boost his mental health than Bill’s friendship ever had.
“That’s… not at all obvious.” John had to lean back against the wall because his legs were suddenly less reliable than usual. “I didn’t think you do that sort of thing.”
“I haven’t done that with an erection before,” one declared. “That was rather unpleasant.”
John blinked. “Are you wearing heels and a sundress?”
“Ah,” John said. “You’re gay, then?”
“Is that something Lestrade can have his people check? You don’t have a, what, nail salon index in that brain of yours?”
“Did he.” John closed his internet browser and checked his email again, just in case something new came in during the last ten minutes. “I can’t help but notice that you tell me this only after nearly an hour of lying dramatically on the couch, stark naked, acting completely oblivious when I said good morning. Which most would also consider inconsiderate.”
“You would be right.”
Fuck.” John wriggled downwards, lining himself up, and slid his aching cock between Sherlock’s thighs. On the second thrust, Sherlock moaned too. John immediately slid his slick hand back into its previous position under Sherlock’s cockhead and made a tunnel with his fingers.
“That’s the most likely explanation, yes. Meaning it was someone who knew her enough to feel remorse she died but not well enough to notice how much care she put into her nail polish. That was a fresh manicure.”
me.” Sherlock gave an awkward shrug with the shoulder not currently involved in slowly wanking himself off. “When I’m the center of your attention. Even when you’re annoyed, it’s because you care so much.”
“I did. I still do. But I was lying there next to you, and you were playing with my hair, and it felt so good, and then I started to look at your leg hair, and I wondered if playing with it would feel good for you, too. And then I wondered if maybe it would be even more pleasurable on a more sensitive part of your body, and you got really hard, and then I remembered something I’d read about frenulum orgasms, so I abandoned the hair follicle experiment for the time being –”
“You sound pretty sure.”
“John, too. Well then, I think it best that the two of you fill me in. And,” he says, straightening up to include Erebus and Mycroft, “Your brother and Elder Erebus, as well.”
? Is that what you said?”
Words were bit off, swallowed whole as their cocks pulsed and their asses clenched and their toes curled. They heaved against each other, trembling, gasping for breath, anchoring themselves to one another.
Once the helicopter had landed and they climbed out, Sherlock calmly shrugged the safety harness off his shoulders and let it fall to the ground, shaking the post-sex tangle of his hair out of his eyes.
He thought about this as he inched his fingers over the contours of John’s forearm and wrist, each touch of muscle and vein and bone transmitting the same message to his brain:
Thank you, AGAIN, KarlyAnne.
Sherlock should have known that Anahera would come to this solution before even he and John did. She is kind, and compassionate, and so very, very smart.
“I haven't slept lying down since I was a hatchling,” Anahera says, and Tui nods her head in agreement.
“And I thought it wouldn't look very good if, you know, if there was a lot of
He went down to the family room and gathered up the dirty plates from the night before, and carried them into the kitchen. He dumped it all in the sink for later, threw out the empty wine bottle and ice cream carton, then started rummaging through the kitchen drawers and pantry.
“His bedtime routine. What do you do in the hour or so leading up to the baby going to sleep for the night?”
John bumped up against him, kissing him as he walked him back to the bed. When his legs hit the mattress, Sherlock grabbed John’s arms and pulled him, and John came down on top of him. They scrambled to right themselves, heads on the pillows, and John resettled himself with his legs on either side of one of Sherlock’s, his groin over Sherlock’s hip.
, whatever is within my power to give, they will have. Rest now. There will be much work to do when the others return.”
It will be Monday in twenty minutes, so I'm going to do myself a favor and post this now, so that I can wake up tomorrow with nothing at all standing between me and a mental breakdown.
Mycroft fidgeted with his cufflinks and inspected his perfectly manicured nails before answering. “Perhaps I came to see how my younger brother is faring. It seems married life suits you, Sherlock.”
They talked over tea about the jobs to be done and then showed Annette around the house. She took notes and asked questions, and half-an-hour later John shook her hand again, thanked her for taking on the job, and had her enter his and Sherlock’s phone numbers into her phone.
Mrs Holst straightened up and brushed the dirt from her dress. She left her victim to  come back to himself under brusque care of Doctor Watson. She turned to address the students who were beginning to reclaim their machines. "Return to College, please, and be prepared to offer the police every assistance in their enquiries." There was a chorus of “Yes ma'am,” before the students cycled down towards the welcoming lights of the College. She was about to follow them when Holmes approached.
"Arthritis ?"
“I cannot take your bed, Doctor.”
The confident step of a  rested soul made them both turn around. "Solved it already,Holmes? Anything you wish to share?"
Watson peered across into the murk. "How many do you think there are?"
The day had bloomed into soft sunshine and the air felt coolly fresh in the the pleasant lane leading from the station. The Great North Road awaited at the top of it, and he spotted the modest spire of St Mary’s in the near distance. His heart felt glad that there were still such places surrounding London amongst the encroaching sprawl of the city.
"She has had a far wider education than the average clergy wife – indeed, it would not surprise me to discover that she came from  minor gentry or similar. Not to the bad, I must reassure you, for she is quite devoted in her role and is amongst friends here – but she carries a sense of mystery about her, perhaps to do with her widowing, which apparently occurred just over two years ago."
Watson nodded. “As you wish. Until later.”
She nodded. “Our students are permitted to attend lectures, providing the academic in charge is content with their presence and that they are chaperoned at all times. These chaperones are local women of impeccable character, mostly retired from the teaching profession.  Currently we have five, who accompany our students to and from lectures, as per the strictures laid  down the  University,  And whilst our students cannot officially sit the examinations required for their degree, they have been given the right to receive a certificate of attendance in lieu of  the formal qualification that their male counterparts have always had the right to receive.  Our students are held to a far higher standard of public behaviour, as indeed are our staff.  Our chaperones in particular have been coming under attack, as they tend to live  some distance away from the College. They are a hardy group, determined that this generation of students gain the type of advantages which were denied to them.  But recently there have been several incidents where the behaviour of those who are against our very existence has become increasingly threatening, and I fear that genuine and lasting harm will soon happen with significant intervention.”
The group turned a corner, heading past the Fitzwilliam Museum towards the southern boundary of the town. The light was fading into grey once more. Holmes and Watson pedalled faster, determined to keep pace.
His life hung in this peculiar balance for five days. Watson refused to leave him during this time, other than to collect items from their rooms at Baker Street and to keep a fretting Mrs Hudson informed of the changing circumstances. He dozed in a purloined chair by the bedside and endeared himself to the nursing staff by attending to as much of Holmes' care as he could, thus lessening their load by one.
John saw Mycroft out; Sherlock heard him close and lock the front door before making his way back to the library. When he returned, John leaned against the doorjamb, arms crossed over his chest, one eyebrow raised, and said, “Is it me, or does it feel like you and I haven’t been alone for a very long time?”
“Ah. Right. Just, you know, sterilize when you’re done. Everything. Twice.”
“John.”
Sherlock leans down low and presses his lips to the shell of John's ear. “You're the one who is so very, very good to me.” He circles the tip of his tongue into the swirl of John's ear and sucks on the soft earlobe, then bites it gently and stands up again. John's hands finish the journey and squeeze Sherlock's arse.
, I was so encouraged by your comments asking for more, that I started writing the sequel, which takes place when Sherlock and John come home from their respective colleges for the Thanksgiving break. I hope to post it in real time (Thursday is Thanksgiving), and suspect it might have to be broken up into chapters.
John dropped his duffel bag on the rug as Sherlock tugged him forward, closed the door, then pressed him back against it.
“Mm, no. You are. Take my pants off, please?”
The woman with the clipboard cleared her throat somewhat aggressively, so with a roll of his eyes John turned and held out his hand for Sherlock to take. Sherlock assumed his position next to him and placed his hand in John's. Following the flower girls and ring bearers before them, they began their walk up the aisle.
“And how long will you be here?”
“Oh. Yeah. Maybe.”
“What do you ‒”
“A frozen burrito that I didn’t nuke long enough, but I’m too hungry to put back in the microwave.”
Sherlock nudged his pelvis against John’s and raised an eyebrow. “Thank you. Again.”
Sherlock toboggans toward the centre of the island, thoughts keeping time with his wings and feet, every part of him racing for help. There, there in the distance, they come into view. Black and white and — grey? Hatchlings. Hatchlings, of course, they’d have arrived by now, he realizes. My gods, so many hatchlings!
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock bends at the waist, angling himself toward the mirror of the vanity, the edges of the marble top pressing into his thighs. Just a few more touches and he'll be done, dressed and ready for John's birthday. He glances down at the small pots and brushes scattered across the surface in front of him, and chooses a small round container of the palest violet eye cream. He dips the tip of his pinky in carefully, not wanting to use too much, and pats the colour onto one eyelid, then the next. He steps back to examine his work, and dabs on a bit more in the creases and at the outer corners. It's slightly iridescent, and he thinks it works well with the almost grey of his irises.
"John. You're more important."
Anahera caresses Tui’s forehead and nuzzles her bill before answering. “She has not yet woken, Sherlock, which does worry me. But she has no fever, and is breathing normally. Cetus has shown me how to take care of her while she sleeps. He said that her body has had a great shock, and that her constant sleep is a sign of healing.”
“Don’t be nervous, Ariki. They are very nice pengs. Right Sherlo-kimi?”
“These important changes come too late for those emperors who were forced apart from those they loved, separated for years, if not lifetimes. It is too late to make amends to the families that were destroyed by non-acceptance and discrimination. It is not too late for our younger generations.”
Anahera
After lunch John and Sherlock wait at the foot of the path, chirping in excitement about the opportunity to revisit the cave one last time. John has spent what little free time he’s had between the morning meeting and his session with Cetus, scouring the shoreline and flat plains of the berg for new treasure. Under his wing he’s tucked a dark grey feather in excellent condition. Sherlock inspects it, careful to not separate the still-adhered barbs, and declares that it is from a lightly-mantled sooty albatross.
"And now your face is almost as red as your dress."
“Wow. You made good progress in here. What’s left to do?”
. Please do come say hello.
Sherlock nods. He has been naïve to think that he and John could stay together, forever, with no resistance, no questions, no conflict. Not even Kororā, beloved goddess, was able to overcome the ignorance of small minds and hard hearts.
“I know. I know that and I hate it as much as you do. The timing could not be worse. But he didn’t know we’d be here and his life is in danger, Sherlock. I swear, if he had come for any reason other than a death threat I’d have sent him away last night. You have to believe that.”
“I wasn’t talking about my own punishment, John. Who would have me?”
“Jesus Christ.”
, are you dissing
The next day brought sunshine, a delicious round of sleepy frotting, a lazy breakfast of coffee and toast, and Annette. Sherlock pulled his robe tighter around him when he heard the front door open, then looked over at John, perched on a chair at the kitchen table, hair in complete disarray, buttery crumbs on his fingertips. Debauched but presentable.
Sherlock toyed with the edge of the plate on which sat his neglected muffin. “John,” he whispered. “Tell me one clinical thing about penises.”
Sherlock turns back toward the front but listens to Maryle’s each and every word.
John plays with Sherlock's hair and waits.
He loved it all, just as much as he loved looking down and seeing John’s head eagerly bobbing between his thighs, his lips stretched wide, glossy with saliva.
“Mm. That feels good.” Sherlock had thought he was rather relaxed after soaking in the bath, but the hike earlier in the day must’ve left his muscles a bit tighter than he realised. John rubbed and kneaded there for several blissful minutes, then wove his fingers into Sherlock’s damp hair and massaged the nape of his neck and scalp.
Sherlock looked down at the almost-gold tips of John's long eyelashes and let the word
“I really am sorry. About today.”
Sherlock opened one eye, steepled his fingers under his chin, and peered up at John from his pillow.
“Nooo? Thank you, though. I take that as a huge compliment.” Sherlock had no idea who Miles McMillan was, so he hoped it was meant as one.
; taste:
“A bigger bed,” John teased in his just-for-Sherlock tone, somewhere between amused and aroused. “Unless, would it be weird, sleeping in that room, in your parents’ old bed?”
"John, Sherlock, you have given me a gift the likes of which I could never have imagined. My words are simple but heartfelt. Thank you."
“It would’ve been a bad thing no matter when it came out, if it had to come out.”
Hope you guys liked that! There should be more to come soon. I finish my exams on Dec 1st so I'll probably get to work on THTDU first and then continue with this.
But NO John would never do that, he would never do that.
John seems at a loss for words, his jaw going slack as his eyes begin to return to a deeper blue and Sherlock starts to wonder whether he’s said something wrong.
“Sherlock, are you alright?” a voice calls.
“No, we’re not doing this, John,” Sherlock groans in annoyance, shaking his head. When will this man let up?
“I’m there for you John,” he continues as John starts to sob, his voice loud and pained, tears staining the front of his shirt as Sherlock continues to hold him, “I’ll always be there for you.”
There’s a burly man standing above him, his eyes filled with glee as he raises his whip, the tip glimmering brightly in the helicopter lights before he brings it down.
Contact me on
It doesn’t look remotely like him at all, Sherlock scowls as the John in the photo struggles to match Sherlock’s downturned eyebrows with his. Who does John think he’s trying to emulate? The grinch?
“You are not replaceable, you know Sherlock?” John breathes, stroking Sherlock’s cheek fondly, “You’re you, the only one in the world. You said so yourself. Consulting Detective, the only one in the world, remember?”
He relaxes, allowing his tensed up muscles to slacken, his body sinking deeper into the mattress. His breathing slows slightly as his body begins to shut down.
“No,” he slurs, fingers gripping John’s singlet resolutely.
Sherlock sighs, proceeding to lather on some shaving cream haphazardly before putting the razor to his skin, listening to the mechanical whirring of the machine as what remains of his morning stubble is sheared off.
He continues to talk as Sherlock sobs.
That’s never, in the whole six years of his time here, happened before.
David appears to be extremely uneasy. He's practically sweating like a leaf. His brow is dotted with tiny beads of sweat, his hands shaking as he shuts the door behind them.
It’s John’s wedding ring.
Sherlock sighs as he makes his way to the lift, solemnly punching the down button as his mind continues to whirr away.
Sherlock shudders as thoughts unbidden begin to race through his mind, coming up with possible scenarios for John wishing to become intimate with him even though none of them really make any sense.
“A while- I- I thought you knew-”
He sighs, rising from the sofa and stalking back into the kitchen.
Sherlock absolutely loves it.
John doesn’t even have time to finish his sentence before he replies.
“They’ll be watching over Mary,” John continues, “Mycroft hadn’t wanted to act too early for the sake of Lily, just in case it sped up Mary’s plans. But it seems like there’s no getting around this now.”
John raises a finger in objection, clearly wanting to say something but Mike barrels on, ignoring him completely.
Sherlock, satisfied, turns back to the bath, sinking deeper into the water till his neck disappears underneath the soapy bubbles.
“He was high before he got on the plane,” Mycroft intones, turning to face Sherlock as John’s face falls, “Nobody deceives like an addict.”
He still hears the echo of gunshots as he rises off the bed, scratching his head as the pain in his shoulder begins to fade.
“I’ll probably go and have a shower right now,” John says, his voice still rough from crying, “I might take a while so… I’ll see you in the bedroom? I suppose?”
The flat is cold, especially since neither of them had the presence of mind to turn the heating on. And now that Sherlock's chest is exposed, it’s even more noticeable.
Pocketing his phone, aware that Mycroft might very well have his phone tracked via GPS, Sherlock rises from his seat, padding slowly over to the bedroom.
“I’ve had fucking enough!” she cries, her fingers shaking with barely suppressed rage as she sets her finger on the trigger.
“Of course I do love,” John smiles, Sherlock’s cheeks growing redder with the endearment.
John gifts him with a chaste nod, beginning to piston his fingers in and out, sliding them out slowly before pushing them back in again gently.
“When was the last time someone was over?” Sherlock queries, certain that he’s hit the nail on its head.
“What do you mean once?” John questions, turning to face Sherlock, giving Sherlock a good look of his face for the first time in three weeks.
A very confident looking John Watson to be exact.
It was the mark of his brother trying desperately to emotionally distance himself from a situation that was no longer under his control.
Rolling up his sleeves, Sherlock draws up the stool, seating himself right by John’s head resting up against the back of the tub. John’s eyes are closed, revelling in the warmth of the water, a soft smile plastered on his face and Sherlock sighs.
“Tell him you love him,” some of them say, “There’s nothing for it now, you have nothing to gain or lose from either answer that he gives. You’ve been selfless enough, now it’s time to be selfish. Get it off your chest, you won’t get to see the repercussions.”
“Sounds good,” he sighs as he rises from the sofa, “Care to join me?”
“Well”, Sherlock smirks sadly, “Surprise!”
He’d woken up the following morning to the sound of quiet traffic and the feeling of someone else shifting against him.
“Why did you tell him all this,” he manages, “It has absolutely nothing to do with Mary.”
And then as soon as it’s started, it stops. The room goes quiet as the laughter fizzles out and dies in Sherlock’s throat because holy crap John is suddenly way too close, way too close.
There’s a bit of clotted cream on the corner of his lip. He tries to lick it off, but the cream edges further up his lip instead. He sighs, dabbing at it with his index finger before bringing it up to his lips to lick it clean.
If this had happened a few years before, he knows he would have been horrified, appalled even at the fact that he had stooped to such a pedestrian level. But it’s different now, so many things have changed and instead of being reviled at his need for human affection, he finds himself revelling in it.
He looks none the worse for wear, his eyebags look a little darker, his hair a little ruffled but otherwise John looks to be in the pink of health.
He had drifted off to sleep eventually, listening to the sound of John’s breathing, a symphony of soft inhales and exhales, a gentle lullaby that had slowly lulled him back to sleep. When he’d woken up again, John had already left.
They stay that way for a little longer, enclosed in a private bubble of mutual affection before John’s stomach gives a loud rumble, startling them both into a chorus of giggles. Sherlock’s not sure if he imagines it but John seems to give a reluctant sigh before peeling himself away from him, walking over to help himself to his breakfast and a spare plate.
“I’ll try to, Mary. No promises though, if Sherlock’s condition worsens I will have to extend my stay at Baker Street.”
“But you already know what I’ve taken,” Sherlock retorts.
Wait… what the hell?
I’ve done that. It’s just not working.
“Merry Christmas!” he yells as he raises the gun, the muzzle just inches from Magnussen’s head.
Sherlock gives John a wide grin before taking the seat opposite his, proceeding to pick off the food on his plate morsel by morsel.
They stand there, both of them, for a short, awkward moment before John breaks the silence.
Sherlock fixes him with a withering look.
“What do you mean?” John mumbles despondently, shifting his head to face Mike.
It’s absolute agony.
“And I love you too,” Sherlock smiles, “John Watson.”
“You have no idea what your hair does to me,” he whispers, pressing a chaste kiss to the nest of curls on the left side of Sherlock’s parting, “You say that it’s gross when it’s matted, when it’s oily and uncleaned and unstyled but god, that’s even better because - it smells like you and right now-”
They would be fine, they’d be okay.
The room goes deathly silent, it’s so quiet that you could practically hear a pin drop. This breaks Cameron out of his spell of despair, his face visibly reddening again. The tension in the room is now palpable and Sherlock is expecting an explosion.
“Didn’t have any intention of doing so,” John smirks as he bends down, pressing his lips firmly to Sherlock’s as he continues to fuck the man slowly, relishing every breathy moan that Sherlock emits.
He should honestly be totally fine with Sherlock and Victor dating. Sherlock and him are friends, just friends and nothing more, it’s not like they’re dating or anything. Why he should have such a visceral reaction to thoughts of them kissing… or maybe making out… or maybe having sex with Sherlock shouting Victor’s name as they ride through orgasm together is totally beyond hi-
He’d sighed, shaking his head as he’d risen from his bed.
He lifts the lid of the packaging, breathing in the fragrant smell of ee-fu noodles before tucking in, finally allowing his mind to once again wander to thoughts of Sherlock and Victor.
There are bodies, still and motionless, on the sandy ground as well.
“Am I talking to the same John Watson I met all those years ago?” he bellows, his eyebrows arching fiercely downwards, “Because this sounds nothing like you!”
John didn’t mention it afterwards.
“John...” he begins. It feels like his brain has caught a bad case of pins and needles because it hurts to think. He doesn’t know what to say next, doesn’t know what course of action will not implicate him in his love for John.
And oh.
“I’m yours,” is all Sherlock says as he cups John’s cheek gently, shifting it so that he’s facing him. “I’m yours, I promise you.”
He turns to face John, watching as the man rubs his eyes, blinking furiously.
“Sorry?”
, John thinks to himself.
It’s not the first time that Sherlock has done this - talked to him when he wasn’t actually around so Sherlock responds with a soft “Oh”, gritting his teeth in embarrassment.
“There’s a bottle in the ensuite toilet,” John continues, “Pass it to me when you’re done so that we can do a urine test ASAP.”
He smiles, turning to face John who smirks at him, obviously interested to see what he does next.
?” Sherlock probes.
“Your hips, fuck they’re so sharp and angular,” John mutters, “I love it when you wear low waisted jeans you know, really do show off those curves of yours. And that freckle in the corner-”
I was actually planning on posting this next week so that I could give myself more time to finish the next chapter... BUT SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL HAPPENED YESTERDAY. JOSEPH SCHOOLING GOT A GOLD OLYMPIC MEDAL FOR SWIMMING, SINGAPORE'S FIRST AND LIKE HE BEAT MICHAEL PHELPS!!!!???? THIS LITTLE BOY WHO USED TO PRACTISE IN THE POOL NEXT TO ME????
John knows he’s said something wrong when the voice starts to sputter.
“Well,” he sighs, “Trust that you are not the only one.”
Yes! We have a cot and everything in our master bedroom. The only thing I’m worried I’m worried about is how much she’ll cry. I’m pretty sure Mary will guilt-trip me into taking care of her at night.
Hope you enjoy this chapter you guys! You've earned it. Happy 221B day!!!
“Yes,” he replies. But the lamp goes out a second later, sending the room into darkness.
“I promise we’ll tell you everything when you wake up,” he says earnestly, reaching down to grasp Sherlock’s hand tightly. “Just get some rest alright? Trust me, you’ll need it.”
“Oh god that explains why he was so terrified of you at the wedding,” John laughs, “I had been wondering-”
But even though his head has said it's piece, his heart is telling him something entirely different -
John pulls away for air, smirking down at Sherlock who blinks up owlishly at him, his eyes dark and open.
He turns over in bed, eyes blinking slowly open as his nostrils flare, seeking out the source of the delicious aroma.
There’s no doubt about it now, John stands absolutely no chance against Victor.
All they can do now is fix their future.
And again school is a bitch and idk when I'll have time... but hey we're nearing the end, that's a plus :,)
“Just TELL HIM how you feel and be done with it,” she all but yells, “I don’t believe Mike wants to play Aunt Agony for you any longer than I do.”
“Oh really?” Sherlock responds sarcastically, “I hadn’t guessed.”
He dumps the chicken into the freezer, feeling crushed as he slams the freezer door back in place. He honestly doesn’t feel like having it anymore, especially since John isn’t coming home…
There’s an audible sigh from the stairway as the door swings open to reveal a very dishevelled looking Greg Lestrade who fumbles into the room. He looks like he hasn't slept in the past few nights.
“Mmmmmm…”
Back?
He stretches, raising his arms high above his head as he lets out a prolonged yawn.
John’s hands fall from his face the moment the papers touch the table. He looks just as wrecked as Sherlock feels, his eyes streaked with red as he reaches for the first sheet of paper with tentative hands.
, the voice comes again, slightly louder this time.
After having lived together with him for so long (one year, four months and 3 days to be exact), it’s become harder and harder for John to remember a past where Sherlock Holmes did not exist and easier and easier to envision a future where they are together (preferably forever).
“I love you,” he says, his voice clear and certain.
Despite this, he had kept his mouth shut and neither of them had addressed the incident ever since.
“John,” is all Sherlock says before he reaches for John again, pulling him down against him. His lips move in time with John’s, his kisses tinged with desperation as his tongue slips past John’s parted lips.
“Oh yeah, Mycroft did say he'd get in touch soon didn't he?”
“That’s why you hate me so much, not just because I was the one standing in the way of you rebuilding your network… but because you thought that I’d stolen him from you.”
“-I want it too,” he murmurs, “I want it so badly - to let everyone know that you belong to me and I belong to you.”
4. Past perfect tense is also a bitch cause there's a bit where I use "had had had" and that really PISSES ME OFF
“Merry Christmas to you too John! Oh it’s so nice to see you!” she says, leading him into the house.
“John Watson,” he murmurs once again and this time, John actually groans in response.
Maybe it was because John had been there.
It doesn't make any sense!
“You’re extraordinary,” John grins, wiping up the mess in between them, “You really are something else.”
“Well,” Sherlock begins, deciding to deal a swift end to Lestrade’s misery, “There are bits and pieces that I’m not sure of yet but I’ve generally got the whole story down. That man in that room knows me, he knows what I do. Any word he says that differs from my narrative will put him at a great disadvantage in his court case so he will be inclined to tell us as much of the truth as possible. And since he’s probably going to assume I know all of it, he’ll probably help us fill in the little details along the way.”
“Doctor Watson,” he says, fixing his gaze now on John.
“Hmmmm…” Sherlock hums, “I’d say so. It was quite nice to see Victor again after such a long time. He’s truly changed a lot in the few years I haven’t seen him.”
His hands and legs have been roped swiftly into a solid, steel chair, clearly, one that Mary had brought along with her. There’s no way one could have found such a nice piece of furniture in this decrepit building.
Letting out a huge sigh, Sherlock screws his eyes shut as he struggles to chase threads of thought that seem to be purposefully eluding him.
“Oh shut up,” his roommate replies, flashing him an annoyed look as he continues to shovel more chips into his mouth.
He has a sudden vision of John, being back here at Baker Street for good, just the two of them against the rest of the world. They’d argue over petty things like who was supposed to have gotten the milk, and why the fuck are there toes in the fridge? There’d be adrenaline fuelled cases, stupid Bond nights where John would force Sherlock to sit down and “educate himself a little on pop culture” and everything would be back to the way it was before Ma- but no, Sherlock shakes his head to bring himself out of this ridiculous fantasy, John doesn’t belong here, he belongs with Mary and her child and he Should Not Be Here. Sherlock can’t truly offer him what he really wants, domesticity and a life of normality, and he knows he never will be able to. He can’t change who he is, even if he really wanted to, and he most definitely cannot hold a candle to John’s ideal partner, Mary, who is able to offer him so much more than he ever could. So John can’t stay, he can’t, not for his own good and Sherlock will probably have to persuade him somehow to leave…
They had had to put in extra cabinets to fit in all of John’s clothing and clutter, the bedroom now strewn with signs of a shared life. Sherlock had converted John’s old room into a laboratory, fitting it with a mini sink along with the old fridge from their kitchen (they’d bought a new “untouched” one), finally giving John the clean blood and bacteria-free kitchen he’d always dreamed of.
Well of course, John’s a doctor, he would be able to tell.
John smiles in answer before dropping his gaze. He grins down at the ground instead, working his jaw a little as he makes a gnashing motion with his teeth.
“Do you know how gorgeous you look right now?” John slurs, bending down to nuzzle into Sherlock’s neck, sending a shiver down his spine.
John H. Watson. The engraving reads.
, he thinks as John’s kisses taper off, his lover moving off to lave attention over his neck instead.
Sherlock stumbles blindly in John’s direction, doing anything he can to prevent the separation of their lips. However, his efforts go to waste the moment his knees hit the edge of the bed, his eyes widening in surprise as he falls onto the mattress, John tumbling on after him.
“It was only then that I allowed myself to dwell on the thought of you without any reservation and that’s when I realised that I was quite… hopelessly in love with you.”
“It’s okay remember,” he mumbles, pressing a gentle kiss to John’s lips, “I want this.”
“Don’t you see?” Sherlock shakes his head in exasperation.
John lets out a soft laugh in response.
“But?” Sherlock cuts him off, leaning in closer. He can feel it coming back to him, the hunger for a new puzzle, a new mystery. Something he knows that John has, once again, inspired in him. “There's always a but, otherwise, you wouldn't be calling me.”
“I’m here,” Sherlock breathes, nodding into John’s shoulder, “I’m here. I’m here. I’m here.”
Oh well, desperate times call for desperate measures.
“Well, you must have had…”
Is he dreaming?
1, 2, 3. 1, 2, 3.
“Together,” he says, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
“So John,” Sherlock butts in, cheeks still flaming, “What time do we leave?”
John stares up at him with wide eyes, his gaze tinged with fear as he steps into Sherlock’s personal space.
“Only midnight,” Watson mutters in annoyance, shoving his watch back into his trousers.
Who gets so lucky?
Sherlock doesn’t press him, knowing that putting more pressure on John, in view of the circumstances, is not a very good idea.
“You like this? Don’t you” he mutters, trying to come up with suitable dirty talk when he doesn’t actually have any knowledge of the proper procedure, “My hand on your cock?”
But what on earth had he and John done to piss Magnussen off, so much so that they were, as Mycroft had put it, in grave danger.
... Sherlock still isn’t back.
“We weren’t the first you know.”
God, is the man actually to pull this shit again?
He feels a sudden blossoming of warmth in his chest, a tiny ember glimmering feebly in deep darkness before bursting into flame. It feels like golden treacle is seeping through every vein, every pore in his body, winding its way around his coronary arteries into his heart, and Sherlock, for the first time in a very long time, watches as a tiny spark of hope springs to life.
However, the man either doesn’t notice Sherlock’s sudden shift in body language or ignores it entirely, because Watson barrels on, taking no heed of Sherlock’s displeasure towards the turn in their conversation.
“Sherlock-”
The shower that follows is a lot more quick and perfunctory than the bath before.
“Why?” is all he can say as John sighs, tightening his grip on his torso.
But wait, what if John wants some space? What if he prefers to sleep in his old room upstairs? He should probably prepare for that eventuality too.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock croaks, his voice hoarse and deep as he stares up at John, his eyes wide.
Maybe Mycroft will find his crumpled body on the plane and extract it from his coat pocket? Maybe he won’t even make it to the airstrip. Maybe he’ll pass out in the car taking him there.
Sherlock's face growing red. He knows that he’s blushing and is absolutely certain that he must have spontaneously combusted.
Good. Because Sherlock, you know I’d have you any way I liked. On your knees, begging as I hold tight to your chest, thrusting up into you. You sitting on my lap as I bounce you up and down on my cock. You on your front as I push myself into you, stroking your cock and feeling the bit of your chest shift and undulate every time I press into you.
John’s eyes widen, a spark of realisation blooming in those sea-blue eyes.
“It’s so sweet it makes me sick,” John lets out a chuckle at this, prompting Irene to grin in triumph. At least humour still works on him.
“John, you’re going to be the death of me,” Irene sighs, desperately racking her brain for something else to say. She’s running out of convincing evidence, so she might as well pull out all the stops she can.
“Anything that could have held liquid,” Sherlock replies, rolling up his sleeves before proceeding to rummage around the bin. Despite the bin’s daunting size, there is not much inside it, aside from several cardboard boxes and other varied debris here and there.
“The one that I can’t have”
“Sherlock! Open the door please!”
“What- What just happened?” John manages after a moment, his eyes refusing to leave Sherlock’s as Sherlock’s cheeks redden visibly, blinking shyly.
His phone pings one more time.
“That confession… It was pretty selfish and oh god it sounded so possessive. I don’t actually think of you in that way. You’re not mine you’re-”
The mind palace hallucinations of John in the greenhouse… of Moriarty in his darkest moments.
The third time that John calls Sherlock beautiful, they’re spooning in bed with John’s arm wrapped possessively around Sherlock’s waist, clutching Sherlock’s hip tightly as the man sighs, pushing back into the pressure of John’s fingers.
“But there's still M-”
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise as John half-carries him over to his bed, setting him down gently.
“We buried him in the backyard under the treehouse. I never went near that tree ever again. And the stars reminded me too much of him too so those had to go as well.”
John had fallen asleep under the beech tree, breathing in the soft, earthy scent of grass and dew.
Mrs Hudson winks at this, looking like a cat that's just gotten the cream. Sherlock feels like he's physically shrivelling into a ball of nothingness as their landlady shoves the door open, shutting it soundly behind her.
It also didn’t help that ever since the third week of their acquaintanceship, something in their relationship had undergone a dramatic change, giving John something he couldn’t have possibly dreamed of when he’d first met Sherlock.
“The East Wind – this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path. It seeks out the unworthy... and plucks them from the Earth…”
He pushes away the burgeoning disappointment that’s starting to pool deep in his stomach again at the thought of John’s name.
“I’m here,” he speaks calmly as John continues to inhale and exhale, his breaths slowing fractionally with each cycle, “I’m here. I’m here. I’m here.”
How delightful.
“Missed you a lot, love,” John whispers when they part for air, “I’m sorry I probably can’t do what we talked about over text but-”
He’s huffing when he opens the door, his chest heaving from the sudden exertion as John bounds into his arms, wrapping his arms around him.
“I'll go and get us another cup of tea, shall I?” she calls as she makes her way down the stairs to her flat.
Forensics determined that they had died on the bed, side by side, stating clearly that their bodies hadn’t been moved post-mortem. The pictures on the other hand, indicate that they had died with their fingers laced together, their faces inches from each other.
“I- erm I-” he mutters, still blinking down at Sherlock before he recovers himself, “It was okay for you wasn’t it? On your end?”
John gives one, two, three more thrusts and he’s coming as well, Sherlock sighing as he feels John’s warm spunk spurt into his arsehole, feeling owned, loved and cherished.
Sherlock’s sexuality isn’t a secret to John, he’d found that out the week after they’d met. Sherlock’s friend Irene Adler had come bustling up to them in the cafeteria during lunch, remarking about how it was nice that Sherlock had “finally found himself a boyfriend worth keeping.”
John’s no longer talking about going to Harry’s now.
“Would’ve been nicer if we’d called her Sherlock even, as per your request,” he chuckles as Sherlock’s face grows red, “Sherlock Felicia Watson. That sounds cute.”
The clock on the table reads 11:54PM, which doesn’t seem right because how can John not be home yet?
John smiles in response, his heart pounding as he drops a kiss to both sides of Sherlock’s forehead. He loves it when Sherlock gets like this, when his body takes over his mind, when he renders full control to his latent desires and allows John to act upon them.
They continue on in a companionable silence, punctuated with comments here and there about the food and the state of the weather. “It’s getting hotter isn’t it? It’s not just me right?” By about 8, John has completely polished off all the food on his plate while Sherlock has finished about half of his meagre portion, prompting John to refuse to leave till Sherlock has finished all the food on his plate.
