He knows he’s won when Cas narrows his eyes.
He let a man fuck him. Not once, but twice.He'd let an
A single finger turns his chin back around to face Cas, and Cas makes a point of maintaining eye contact.
that could put the pup or yourself at risk. You’re no longer only making decisions that will impact you, you’re making decisions now that will impact
Dean feels slick begin to leak between his legs as Cas kisses both his nipples through his shirt, but he ignores it. He knows this isn’t about sex, and he knows that’s not what Cas meant to insight. When Cas finally reaches his destination, Dean doesn’t even hesitate this time, only pulls his shirt out of the way and lets Cas have access to the source of Dean’s anxiety. Already, he has little lightening shaped stretch marks on both sides of his hips, stark against the paleness of the rest of him. But Cas isn’t looking at those.
“Hmmm…?”
“You know you’re ridiculous, right?” he murmurs to Cas, their lips just barely brushing. Because what else do you say to a man that just told you they adore you unconditionally? He had a feeling Cas wasn’t messing around either, which left him floundering to find the proper response. He might as well point out how ridiculous they are.
Cas’s head turns sharply at his words, and Dean is met with fucking desperate eyes; bright blue and wide, looking at him pleadingly.
“So how are things in the golden state? See any movie stars lately?” Dean asks them, thoroughly enjoying the way Sam rolls his eyes in exasperation. He likes to ask this question almost every time he talks to Sam, and he usually gets the same sass.
He finds Cas sitting up in bed, covers up to his waist, with a book in his hand.
admittedly gone at it, he was confident that that was a one time only thing after the day they’d had. They seemed to like each other well enough, well enough to team up on him, and talk about him like he wasn’t even there, sure, but whatever. They were both important to him in different ways, so he’d take what he could get in means of them getting along.
They sit in silence for a while, feeling each other out, but Dean has so many questions. So many things he needs answers to. He can’t even relax like his body is telling him to, high off that scent that makes his entire being want to go limp and absorb it all, because his head won’t shut the fuck up.
“Oh fuck,” he moans as Cas switches to sucking the other one. Who fucking knew men’s nipples were this fucking sensitive?!
“Dean! I need you to breathe right now okay? Deep breath, copy me okay Dean?”
He’d marked stomach cramps, nausea, chills, trouble sleeping, and other.
“Okay,” Dean sighs. “That sounds a hellova a lot better than eating pie in the bathroom. You don’t think it’ll bother the children?” he asks, referring to Sam and Jess who were probably climbing the walls waiting for them.
This was so fucking new. Technically he knew every inch of her skin, what she liked and didn’t like in bed, her scar on her shoulder, her laugh. He knew Lisa like the back of his hand. Yet it felt like he was meeting her for the first time.
calling every day to see if I’ve heard anything from you,” Sam points out. “Does that sound like someone who’s given up on you? Or someone that doesn’t care?”
“So what? You’re saying you’re a no-strings attached kind of guy?” Dean scoffs. “I don’t think so, dude. Not from what I’ve seen. Something is not adding up.”
“Shit, shit,” he spins away from Cas frantically, stumbling to the bathroom with Cas hot on his heels. He makes it just in time, falling to his knees and throwing up again in the toilet. “Fuck,” he breathes, panting when the vomit clogs his nose up. “Shut the door, Cas!”
“Cas,” he whispers, voice cracking, struggling to untangle himself from the sheets and sit up, “Fuck.
’s comfort. Cas had been very open about how he felt in the matter.
is. His fingers are working on autopilot and his eyes feel like they’re frozen in one place.
Cas laughs at his hopeful expression and rolls his eyes again.
“You need your sleep,” he sighs. Cas’s affections are like a warm blanket on a winter’s night, comforting and soft, and holding him in all the right places. He can almost feel his muscles starting to relax while his mind continues to whir.
“Keep your eyes closed for me, Dean,” Cas instructs, kissing Dean’s forehead when he nods.
“I’m really good, Cas. We should probably get up now,” he says reluctantly, his voice almost back to normal again.
“Awwww c’mon,” Dean says, rolling on his side so that he’s mostly off of Cas, propped up on one elbow. “Like you could resist all
Holding himself there, tense all over, he can feel Cas shaking as he tries to remain perfectly still.
Because Dean was and is a male Omega.
Dean turns away again. “You didn’t see his face, Sam.”
Looking up cautiously from the floor, he stares at the couch for a second before finally finding Dean’s face again.
Seeing their hands intertwine has him turning around and beckoning Cas over. He’d been watching their little reunion scene unfold with soft eyes, keeping his distance, but close enough not to go completely undetected. When he sees Dean motioning for him, he quickly steps into place besides Dean, smiling politely at Sam and Jess.
He cuts off Cas’s words with a kiss.
“Yes, “ he gasps, covering Cas’s hands with his own as Cas immediately shimmies Dean’s borrowed sleep pants down past his ass. Cas keeps his own pants on, but this way, there is one less layer obstructing Cas’s path to Dean’s soaking wet hole. He can feel it as Cas’s cock soaks it up, relentless as the slick covers it more and more with each thrust, making Cas just as wet as he is.
“You said I could decorate. And what is Christmas without a Christmas tree?” Cas smirks, coming over and hugging Dean from behind as Dean looks at it. He leans back into Cas’s arms, tilting his head to the side to let Cas scent him greedily.
Shaking his head at the memory, but smiling when he remembers the moment some kid dressed up as a clown had surprised an unsuspecting Sammy dressed like a Jedi, he laughs quietly to himself. The look of abject fear on his eight year old brother’s face was forever etched into his mind.
Dean sighs again quietly as Cas touches his stomach, and Castiel can see a quirk in lips, an almost smile as Castiel pays special attention to it.
“Dean! Finally- you’ve had us all worried sick!” his brother almost shouts. His eyes are roving all over the screen like he’s trying to asses Dean from where he is. “Please tell me you are okay.”
He could feel the hard length Cas’s cock against his opening. Teasing at first, then pushing slightly. Then there was a blunt pressure, and the natural inclination to tense up. How the fuck could he fit?! He felt huge, and he wasn’t even inside him yet!
He shifts over to slip his arm under Dean’s knees and back again, lifting him before Dean has time to argue.
Leaning over Dean, Cas placed a chase kiss on his lips before pulling back a few inches to look into his eyes.
help.
It makes him think of all the big moments they’ve had there. The first time he’d stayed the night, the first time they’d tried anything sexual after their initial hookup, Thanksgiving with Sam and Jess, picking out the nursery, hundreds of kisses on the couch, decorating the Christmas tree… All those little moments of peace and happiness interspersed with the bad, the really dark ones that ended with him in the bath tub.
It was the reason he’s here, stuck on his ass with nothing to bring him comfort except for his pup. Depressed with no where to go and no one to turn to. Despite his pills, he’s still scent dependent. And now that Cas’s scent is gone, his nausea was touch and go, the same went for his sleeping patterns.
But as soon as he wakes again he knows it’s too dark out for a little nap. He’d hoped he’d gotten over his nausea earlier, but clearly he was wrong as he stumbles out of bed into the bathroom.
The lady behind the podium waiting to seat people smirks at them. But mostly at Cas.
“This is different,” Cas cuts him off with a squeeze. “This is for me just as much as it is for you.”
Bobby hadn’t really comment on the two days of sick leave, but he wasn’t one to voice his problems or feelings in the first place. He and Dean shared that characteristic, which made it hard sometimes to communicate when there was an issue that needed to be addressed. It was better to be on the old man’s good side anyway, so this didn’t have to be all about the other thing.
“Yes,” he hears himself say in a breathy moan.
“Almost ready to take my cock, Dean. Just need to stretch you a little more.”
Instantly- he feels more awake, anticipation and excitement making him forget about the bone deep exhaustion he was feeling not two seconds prior.
“Dean,” Cas says insistently, turning him around.
“M’kay. I trust you. Love you,” he whispers the last words softly, as he closes his eyes.
What woke him from his deep sleep though more than made up for it.
“What the fuck does
Making his way slowly up the stairs, using the railing way more than he usually would, he can’t help but think he’d getting too fucking old for this. Obviously he can’t bounce back the way he used to when getting four hours of sleep was more than enough. And forget a second wind. He’d been hoping for one all day but he was left sorely disappointed.
There’s suddenly a warm gentle pressure on his back, as he coughs once more and wipes his mouth with the sleeve of his hoodie. He reels back as he realizes that the pressure was Castiel’s hand rubbing his back in small circles.
Benny had moved towards him then, eyes wide, and weirdly filled with some kind of unreadable emotion, before placing his huge hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Groaning loudly when biting his lip fails to keep his frustration wordless, the sound dies on his lip when he hears a rattle from somewhere in his apartment. Freezing in place, trying to keep his body from moving as much as possible, Dean listens with wide eyes as he hears his front door close.
He doesn’t get to see Jess and Sam’s concerned faces, but he can only imagine if Cas’s scent is anything to go by. Cas’s stress and concern mixed with his own distress is doing nothing to soothe his frazzled nerves.
“You haven’t said anything, Dean,” Cas says, the tone of his voice light and teasing. “I guess I must have been mistaken. You obviously want this,” he says before removing his hands and sucking the tip of Dean’s erection into his mouth.
It seems he wasn’t the only one who had been stressed about what would happen that day.
He thinks that’ll be the end of it, but he can immediately see those dots again.
“Can I wear them all?” he almost groans, bringing one sweater up to his face and rubbing his cheek against it. He didn’t even care if he looked crazy, he couldn’t control himself even a little bit.
Closing his eyes and feeling his heart sink down into the pits of his stomach, he pulls out his cell phone numbly.
on it, you asshole!” Dean said, voice rising until he was yelling the last word.
Watching Cas’s front door open and shut, he’s not at all surprised to see Cas standing there in the halo of his porch light, arms crossed, smile on his face, watching him.
“Why did I think calling either one of you was a good idea?” he grumbles.
“This is very strong medication, Mr. Winchester. I’ve uh, actually never worked with it before. But I know it’s one of, if not the strongest suppressants available. Do you mind giving us some quick blood labs? This kind of medicine is extremely prevalent in blood work, and it should be able to determine if it’s reaching your body’s nervous system properly.”
Not two. He’d been so caught up in thinking daggers at the freak’in waitress he hadn’t even noticed Cas’s addition to their little party.
Suddenly, he wasn’t dreading that phone call with his dad so much anymore. He actually had good news for once. He couldn’t remember the last time that had happened. When he and John spoke, it was usually clipped, directly to the point sentences, in which John clearly never tried to keep the distain from his voice. Sure, his father loved him, but his father also hated a huge part of him at the same time. That was a huge issue to surpass. Not that they brought up “his condition”, as John referred to it. If his father could, he’d never speak of it again. What a confidence booster, right?
the distain and disgust radiating from the man. Alpha then.
Meaning he woke up, threw up, showered to get all the shit off of him, ate, and slept. Sometimes switching it up to watch tv in the small living room, or shower again when the accumulation of slick made him feel like there were ants crawling beneath his skin. The only thing he did differently, was taking the alcohol out of the equation. It was probably making the nausea worse. And while he wished he could take the edge off with a nice buzz, anything that made him feel worse in the long haul wasn’t worth it.
“Cas, I’m f-”
remember his trip home directly after. He’d been in such a state of panic and denial and
“No man, you deserved some answers after everything we been through,” Dean says weakly. “They’re just not so easy to give.”
Time to try this again, hopefully with better results.
Warm up is a blur that’s over in a blink of an eye.
“How come you never ask about my family, man?” he asks curiously. “You gotta be curious…”
“Cas? You ready to go?” he says cautiously. Cas must have heard him leave the bedroom, but he hasn’t turned around or given any indication that he means to.
“Sounds good to me, man,” Dean agrees easily, anticipation and heat starting low in his belly at the thought. He raises his ass a bit to help Cas with his pants and boxers, but that’s all he does to contribute to them getting naked.
“Did he say we should get a room?” Cas asks Dean quietly.
“You cheated last time, Dean! That doesn’t count,” Sam scowls into the camera, making Dean laugh at his bitch face. God bless technology. It’s like his brother was here.
omegas before even checking if it was a possibility. He’d thought if he ever had children, they’d be with his future wife; the
Desperate he might be, but he was not desperate enough to risk going closer to home. Bobby would understand if he was a few minutes late to the garage.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You should stay with him, Cas.”
Dean obviously isn’t over thinking the situation like Castiel is. Because he’s up again, still looking out of it, and moving passed Castiel, out the door and into the open bedroom.
“Shhhhh. You’ll see,” he assures. It won’t take too long to figure it out.
“Hey,” he croaks.
seen him be like this with another person. And Dean was kind of a slut growing up, no offense. He has always had a parade of woman in and out the door, but none that lasts long enough for me to give the threatening brother speech. I only heard about Lisa, never got to meet her in person.”
Making his way up Dean’s body yet again, he goes right for Dean’s lips this time as Dean moans into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck to hold him there.
“I’m not fucking
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says quietly.
“Shhh…Dean,” Cas pulls away panting again, blue eyes wide with concern. “I’m not going anywhere, breathe…” but he doesn’t argue when Dean leans up on his elbows to silence his words with desperate lips.
And the thing was… touching himself
When Dr. Shurley came back into the small room, he was carrying what he assumed were his test results, and a…textbook?
“You’re doing so good, Dean,” he praised, “you’re so relaxed and open for me.” He whispered as he added his last finger. Dean didn’t so much as wince. He must be a natural bottom, he thought, which was slightly uncommon for betas. It was a pity he’d never found that at before, let alone enjoyed the fact. But he couldn’t complain, knowing it would be a tight fit once he was finally inside Dean.
“No no no no no,” Dean smirks, pushing the cart through the sliding doors, leaving Cas outside. “You go get your healthy shit. I’ll go get the good stuff.”
Dean’s shifting must have woken Cas up though, because Castiel is now squinting at him in irritation.
They would soon be sweating more than they had all day, that is for sure.
Cas is holding him so tight, his warmth and scent all but smacking Dean in the face.
Cas stiffens behind him- all of his seizing up in shock. But before Dean can take back his words or make a joke about it, Cas is kissing his neck, and Alpha arousal is quickly replacing Alpha anxiety.
Even with how huge he is, he still feels like Cas is dwarfing him, wrapped around him and in him. As the seconds and minutes tick by, he starts to think maybe that’s okay. Just when he’s with Cas.
to even think straight. Being so sure that the results had been a mistake, the ground seemed to have crumbled beneath his feet when he’d realized just how wrong he’d been. And just how much of a fool he’d been as well.
He does the same thing now- kissing around one nipple before sucking it into his mouth- but without the fervent heat that usually fuels the action. It has the same effect, which is making Dean bite his lip hard to muffle his moan, but at the same time, it feels as if they’re building up to something that is more than just sex.
is the real world? This is all your fault, dad! This is entirely of your making! You didn’t need to do the things you did when I was younger, or say the things you said. Because of you, I’m
“No Dean.” Cas says as he stops his manic pacing to come closer, and now Dean can see how afraid he looks. Shit, is he dying or something? “You said you’ve been on suppressants since you presented up until very recently,” he explains, voice shaking, “Patients who stop taking suppressants would most commonly do so when they are ready to start trying for children.”
When Cas tries to touch him, tries to hold him, Dean flinches away. Walking on unsteady feet to Cas’s passenger seat, pulling the door closed behind him. He doesn’t want to be touched. And he doesn’t want to talk.
That seems to pull Bobby up short. “He commin’ then?” Bobby asks cautiously.
Snapping out of his trance, he finally turns to regard Cas. “What? Yeah, yeah I’m good, man. Let’s go.”
He still had four hours to go before he could break free from his stretchy prison.
Cas is stunned for a moment, but stops trying to open the door.
to be with Cas this way. While he’d usually call Cas the sappy one, he’s guilty of the same offense as of late.
Cas smirks at him. “You are laughing now, but you’ll see firsthand what I am referring to. Do not underestimate the youth of todays need for confectionery consumption, Dean, you will regret it.”
“Why is this happening Cas?” he finally has to ask. Cas had been staring at the screen, but he could feel how tense he was, and he knew he had been watching and waiting for Dean to say something that would break this little spell.
Wow, he sucked. He’d done his fucking best to hurt Bobby, pulling out the dad card he knew would sting deep, but that’s what he did when he was wounded. Lashing out was the only thing that protected him sometimes.
When there was a lull in the action Dean would drag Cas away from the door to sit on the couch when he could. Usually “sharing” a candy between them, which meant Cas would take one bite before Dean demolished it.
-Mistakes are my own! It's fucking late right now and I could have been writing about my giant Teddy bear named Howard for all I know. I'll fix all of it eventually >:)
“…I guess I didn’t want to see it. It was selfish of me, but I was afraid that I would lose my family.”
Cas and Charlie hadn’t really had any success for the rest of the appointments that day, but luckily enough, about half agreed to move their existing appointments from tomorrow.
“Yeah? About what?” he coaxes, letting his fingers lightly trace the shape of Cas’s lips.
“You are never going to get this time back, Castiel. This is your first child. Dean’s first pregnancy. Yes, your job is important, but let’s be honest, you’re always going to have it unless you choose otherwise. You’re the best doctor we have, They aren’t going to get rid of you because you need to decrease your hours a bit, and no one will blame you for it or think differently about you either.”
“Dean,” Cas sighs, all exasperation.
“Wow. That just happened,” Dean shook his head in disbelief while Lisa laughed again. This was fucking surreal.
He tries to do the same as he raises his hand in invitation, waiting expectantly for Cas to move his chair to accommodate his prone position. But when nothing happens and he turns to see what the deal is, Cas is looking at him like he hung the fucking moon and then rescued a baby kitten from a tree or some shit. The pure
quick.
Cas is suddenly up and pacing, startling Dean and making him jump.
Despite what he said earlier this morning, Dean knows Cas doesn’t think of himself or his needs nearly enough. He’s too good. Too giving. Cas is just the kind of person that is happy making other people happy.
“Want to take a bath with me?” he whispers, heartbeat still racing.
Which is a huge mistake.
“You said Fuck,” he whispers back, laughing again.
“I’m so sorry,” Cas’s whisper breaks the silence, “I’m so sorry I didn’t stop him. I’m sorry you got hurt, beautiful.”
“I know. I was shocked too. Once he realized that you are pregnant- once he’d realized the implications of what he’d done- he just kind of…
Inhaling quickly as the room spins, it’s only the absence of another scent besides his own that calms him down and makes him realize that Bobby isn’t trying to hurt him or the pup. He’s a beta. Not an Alpha.
He’d never felt more reluctant to leave work in his life, but the time for stalling had long passed.
“Bobby!”
Cas’s scent immediately turns horny, and he’s biting his lip for a whole different reason than Dean.
Warning for some serious angst. My poor Dean.
Racking his brain and trying to think beyond the scent of Alpha filling all of his senses, he vaguely remembers a moment right before he woke up where he felt something shift inside him.
“What,” Dean squawks, head whipping around to stare at Jess in horror, only putting minimal effort into resisting Sam as he nudges him over to sit down.
“No? That’s what I thought,” Dean continues, answering for him, “Just wish I coulda figured that out a little sooner. Coulda saved myself a lot of regret…”
“I can,” Dean hastens to add. “Scout’s honor.”
“I want to hear you, Dean. I Know you’re holding back.” Reaching forward, he gently took his lip from where his teeth had been digging into it so tightly. “You’re hurting yourself. Do it again, and I promise I’ll stop.”
Cas closes his eyes when Dean opens his.
Castiel is gaping at him, eyes bugging out and mouth hanging open when it looks like something physically hits him. He spins around to face the cupboard and sink, looking like he might be covering his nose. All the while Dean is stuck, unable to move due to this new spin on the horror show that is his life. God, he thinks back, doctor with a family emergency the same day Cas’s brother dies. What are the odds? But there was still no chance in hell he would have ever predicted
Castiel notices when Dean reacts to his scent, feeling him go lax in his arms, and Dean’s own scent shifting from distress into something resembling but not quite contentment. He soaks it up, trying to hold on to the little bit of peace he’d been able to afford this man. He holds Dean just a little tighter in his arms.
“How the fuck am I supposed to do that, Cas? I’ve already done things I shouldn’t have. How do I even know if its still alive?” he asks, voice shaking, finally voicing the fear that had been plaguing him since even before he’d made up his mind. He’d known he had fucked up the moment Cas had told him that fucking test was positive.
Taking his face in her hands, she looks up at him with watery eyes. “I’m so sorry, Dean. Not just for what Sam said, for everything. You don’t deserve any of the bullshit that’s been thrown at you. Omega to Omega, I still can’t imagine what you’ve been through. Just know…” she pauses when his breath hitches a little, patting his face gently before continuing, “Just know that you will always have people who love you just the way you are. Me and Sam, and now Cas and your little pup.”
“What do you mean?” he barely chokes out.
Breathing a sigh of relief that vaguely smells like vanilla and coffee, he focuses on those two heads instead of the multiple pairs of eyes he can feel turned towards him. There’s people in basically all of the seats, there’s even people milling about around the tables; chatting and talking amicably with the patrons. Sam and Jess are towards the back, tucked in a corner, so he ducks his head and starts forward with Cas following close behind him.
sound like a parent, dude. I cuss way too much for that shit.”
Whenever I need inspiration or motivation to write, I go back an read all of the comments, so thank you guys SO much. Your support has been instrumental to this story!
“No Bobby,” he can’t help but chuckle lightly, the old man was a notorious gossip right along with Benny. “I’m sick. Got the puke all over the bathroom to prove it. Want me to send you a picture? Or should I wait for you to come help me clean?”
“The hell if I know, dude,” Dean groans dramatically. “This kid’s life mission is obviously to stress me out. We got an ultrasound done a few days ago, but no dice.”
“You’ll be thanking me a lot more in a few months,” she narrows her eyes knowingly.
His bump only makes it a little difficult.
Moaning softly at the feeling of Cas’s weight pressing against him, he slumps further down the door in an attempt to feel more of him. So he’s more than a little disappointed when Cas pulls away from his lips.
“You know I’m right, Dean.”
He can feel the tips of his ears turning bright red as he finally voices his anger to someone who knows his father. Cas always listened and empathized, but it wasn’t as satisfying as watching understanding blossom across his little brother’s face.
feel like the parent for shit’s sake.”
“Not too long,” he mumbles, closing his eyes at the feeling of Cas’s fingers moving through his hair. “Forgot to take the freak’in anti-nausea pill this morning. I took it when I got off work, but it’s been a hell of a day.”
He ends up tossing and turning and
Upset omega has a very distinct scent,
Taking a deep, calming breath, he walks back out expecting Cas to still be waiting by the door for some reason. Walking out slowly towards the living room, he spots a dark haired head sitting on the couch, back to him.
“Great,” Sam says with a smile. “Now that thanksgiving is taken care of, I should probably start getting ready to leave.”
“They are your nightmares, Dean. Of course I won’t like it. But bottling things up is simply not going to work anymore. Not now. You are my mate,” Cas says softly, leaning down to kiss Dean’s forehead. “And I want to take care of you.”
Dean rolls his eyes.
When he opens his eyes again, it looks much later than when he fell asleep, and someone is knocking on the fucking door. Obviously his bad mood has carried over since before his nap, and he’s not happy about being woken up. No one ever knocks on his door. People left him alone here, and that was the way it should always be.
Cas’s eyes are still filled with concern when he hesitantly meets them again, but they aren’t so terrifying now as they regard him softly. Cas’s scent is still chaotic, still tinged with too many emotions to sort through, but he can tell the man is trying to appear calm- despite his hair going in every which direction, giving him the appearance of someone who just got electrocuted.
Frowning when Cas pulls right in front of the front doors, he doesn’t immediately reach for the handle to get out. Is it sad that he doesn’t want to leave the comfort Cas provides? Or maybe he just doesn’t want to leave Cas…
That might explain the vomiting, his bodies come down from such a powerful suppressant. A new suppressant would also cause symptoms until his body grew accustomed to it.
When they first started this- neither of them really knew what they were doing and the thought of bottoming scared the shit out of Dean. It’d taken a lot of coaxing and encouragement from Castiel, and even more so after Dean grew self conscious over liking it. It’d taken them a long time to get to here, but now when Cas thumbs apart Dean’s ass cheeks and carefully licks a stripe across his hole, Dean moans and parts his legs further.
“No you’re not.”
“If I remember correctly, you said I smelled
“Cas,” he rolls his eyes. “Stop making me feel like a cheating husband. I’ll be right back.”
He wants to scream, to yell, to fucking beg if he has to, but his mouth won’t open. He can’t move, he can’t even
“There isn’t anything you could have done Cas,” he assures him, “And I’m fine, dude, I swear. Do you think this is the first time I’ve been socked in the face?” he jokes, trying to break the tension, “This isn’t the first, and it probably won’t be the last.”
Cas bends to scoop him up again, sitting him on the counter so that he can wash his hands.
Dean holds his ground for thirty more seconds before he relents.
“I’m holding you back? I think your inability to make wise choices is holding you back in this instance, Dean.”
This would not beat him. Just because he was an omega didn’t mean he had to give in.
“Stay still,” he murmurs, the command in his voice sending goose bumps down his spine.
“There’s the head right there.”
Tears are prickling behind his eyes again, and he drops the bloody tissues on the night stand as a distraction. The blood has stopped.
Finally releasing his hold on his jeans, his hand moves to Dean’s lower back instead, making two soothing circles before stepping forward to lead the way. “Of course, Dean. Let me retrieve my keys first, I believe I might have dropped them some where near the door.”
So now he’s crying. Great.
“That’s what I thought.”
“Okay, Mr. Winchester, the soonest Dr. Novak will be able to see you is next Tuesday at 4:00pm. Does that work for you?”
“Cas, I told you, he’s no one.”
He feels fucking electric. And these slow, deep kisses and the way he’s still spread wide open for Cas has him impossibly turned on. He’s ready. They’re ready.
“Oh. My. God. Hi! Are you Mr. Winchester? You must be Mr. Winchester!”, woah, she was excitable, “I’m Becky! You just have to sign this real quick, and Dr. Shurley will be right with you!” she said, gesturing with a flourish at the clip board with a lone piece of paper in front of her. “Doctor Crowley insists.”
Dean’s mouth opens as he starts to pant, but he doesn’t say a word. Keeping his eyes closed, he nods and wraps his arms around himself.
make him so happy, but he’s going to try his best not to think about it too much.
After one last(desperate) deep breath, Dean turns his back on Cas in order to climb up on the bed on his hands and knees. Eyes squeezed shut. Head bowed. Fingers clawing the sheets. Legs slightly- but obviously spread. The picture of vulnerability.
“That’s actually why I’m here, Dean,” Cas says, staring determinedly down at the floor.
“Do you wish to talk about it? You had a really intense physical reaction, Dean.” The concern and worry in Cas’ voice kind of make Dean feel guilty for what he’s about to say next.
Sam says, “surprise!” and then a little blonde is rounding the car, eyes wide as she looks at Dean. A slow grin grows until she’s smiling ear to ear, and then she’s running forward.
Cold plastic is suddenly being pressed into his hand and he sighs in relief, opening his eyes to look gratefully up at Ash. “Thanks, man.”
“Pretty sure it was either the pup kick’in me or my creeper radar goin off,” he says fondly, patting Cas’s head when it automatically pops up at his words.
He knows he’s pretty pathetic, but he’s not
“If you say so,” Dean says, unconvinced. He turns around a little to help Cas with the door, and that’s how he sees it.
Fingers curl inside him and his hiss of pleasure is quickly swallowed up by Cas’s lips.
“You know,” Cas muses some minutes later, “It’s actually quite common for the smell of cooking meat to make pregnant individuals sick. With your heightened sense of smell during pregnancy, anything could act as a catalyst. I’ve had patients come in complaining about an overwhelming aversion to toothpaste, a particular brand of deodorant, Slim Jims, bacon, and even their mate’s morning breath. It seems we found out what makes you sick the hard way, I’m afraid,” Cas finishes sadly, tipping Dean’s head back to look down into red-rimmed, miserable eyes.
And he liked girls- thank you very much! Not once has he thought about switching teams, or even looked at a dude the wrong way. He wasn’t homophobic or anything, but he wasn’t about to start fawning over men because his biology was now tricked into thinking he should.
God-he’d never thought he would be a carrier, never thought he’d be the one fucking
Closing his eyes and pressing his face against the cold glass, he doesn’t react as Cas starts the car. He doesn’t know what Cas did with the groceries, and he doesn’t ask. He can feel Cas’s eyes on him, but Cas doesn’t try to make him talk.
“It would seem that I require a minute, Dean,” comes his quiet murmur, a weird hitch to his voice, still not turning around, “We’ll be on our way shortly though.”
“You think I want this?” he rasps. “For him to leave me? This is his choice, Sam. Not mine.”
, healthy life.”
“I know right? I should
“To the bathroom, dude?” he laughs. “No. I’ll be right back. You better get us some bread sticks though, cuz’ otherwise I got dibs on eating your arm.”
“Probably,” Cas agrees, “That’s why I had one pre-made an frozen earlier today from the restaurant I frequent. It should only take around a half an hour in the oven, giving us plenty of time to get prepared.”
Cas gives him a look that clearly says
Finally his shift is done and he’s clocking out as quickly as he can. It’s a half and hour to Dean’s apartment and he can’t quite shake the feeling that time is of the essence. He needs to get to Dean.
“Again- sorry about that- but that isn’t my point. He’s different. Happier, I guess. And I know some of it’s got to be due to the pup, but I’m pretty sure you have a lot to do with it as well. Twice he’s snapped at me since I’ve been here, once was over the pup, but the other time was when I hit you. He shoved me. He’s never been aggressive towards me- even as kids- he’s never lifted a hand against me. His instinct is to
His mind flashes to the times where he was vulnerable and fucking freaking out, and Cas freak’in cradled him like a lover would, and pretty much forced him to calm down.
“Dean, I need to you to answer carefully, alright? This is really important.” He begins, still trying to keep Dean relaxed. Dean nods, showing that he’s listening.
“What are - ”
Even if he’d never looked at any of the messages or listened to the voicemails, he always keeps his cellphone on him in case of emergencies. When he clumsily fumbles the thing from his back pocket, he doesn’t hesitate to press the first number on his speed dial.
Their shower is quick work after that, stepping under the hot water and feeling it wash away the thick, disgusting layer of slick and sweat he’d accumulated over the last couple of days. It’s surprisingly not weird to share a shower with another grown ass man, and he finds he kind of likes the way Cas looks soaking wet. He gets caught staring as Cas rinses shampoo out of his hair, but Cas just fucking winks at him and leans into kiss away Dean’s shock.
“Hello?” came a surly voice.
He reaches for the door knob, only pausing when he hears Cas’s shaking voice again.
“Dean Winchester, you hold it right there,” came the southern drawl Dean used to make fun of so much. It was just too damn easy to mimic. But this was definitely not the time for jokes. Benny usually let him pass with just a distracted hello or the universal nod of manly acknowledgement. They hadn’t really spoken since before everything.
“You’re afraid of traveling in an airplane?” Cas asks curiously.
Nodding and slowly walking over to take Cas’s hand cautiously in his own, he feels like he’s missing something. Not freaking out and coddling Dean was always a good thing, but this was
Narrowing his eyes at his son, John only purses his lips in response.
His eyes pop open wide to see if Cas caught his slip. By the way that the man was looking at him expectantly, he definitely had.
Carefully arranging himself so that he’s on all fours, hovering over Dean and keeping the weight of the pup, filling his vision completely, Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s neck to take his lips, the taste of his own slick on Cas’s tongue filling his mouth. When Cas realizes that Dean is tasting himself, a growl starts low in this throat, rumbling through his chest and sending goose bumps up Dean’s spine.
Cas silences him with a kiss. Slanting his head side-ways to slot their mouths together just right. Arms wind their around Dean’s waist again, and he uses that hold to bring them flush against each other.
He feels naked on his back, stomach exposed. Only Cas’s presence next to him keeps him from bolting.
Dragging a hand slowly down the door, letting the solidness ground him, he shakes his head again. “I just need a minute.”
“Stay put. I’ll return momentarily,” Cas says quickly before he jogs back in the direction of his bedroom.
the relief in them, like he was sure Dean had been joking about the not dying part.
One tear, then another slide down his cheeks and he closes his eyes in an attempt to stem the flow. After everything and now this, he just feels so
“Hear me out, dude,” Charlie interrupts, but pauses when Dean shifts to find a more comfortable spot against Cas’s throat. When he’s settled again, drifting between asleep and awake, she continues.
Apparently it was the right thing to say, because a brilliant smile lights up her face as she curtsies on the spot. “In the flesh.”
But he hadn’t. He never thought to. What difference did it make since he was never going to sleep with a dude? He couldn’t get knocked up, since nothing was going up there if he had anything to say about it. Getting pregnant was never something he’d ever worried about. It wasn’t even something he wanted.
? Cuz’ from my experience, it’s exactly the opposite. They’re obviously supposed to make you miserable, that’s why they’re family… My family just excels at it.”
Fucking hell, he aches.
There’s a brush of skin against his thigh and ass- and Dean thinks,
Sitting up, he runs a hand through his hair, regarding Cas curiously. “Prepared for…?”
Lowering Cas’s hands away from his face gently, Dean reaches up to either side of Cas’s to bring his lips to his own; kissing him softly like he’d wanted to do all day.
Even more so at the feeling of Cas’s hands slowly making there way from around his back to the swell of his stomach in between them. It’s moments like this that it all feels
“Do you know that I’ve already figured out what kind of father I will be?”
He smiles to himself and kind of regrets sending Cas away.
Cas?!” Dean says, voice trembling. “Where are you bleeding?”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Feeling the way he’s feeling now makes it hard to believe he couldn’t fall asleep only an hour ago. He’s absolutely beat.
“I know. You probably forgot all about your ankle, didn’t you?” Cas says in his ear.
“I’ll be flying out to Denver early Friday morning. I’ll return Sunday night.”
When Cas just smirks down at him, proud of himself before he turns around, Dean rolls his eyes and finally attempts to move. Only when he tries to sit up, he can’t. Stomach completely in the way and throwing him off balance, he grunts as he puts more
“You sure?” Jess asks with a note of worry in her voice. “When was the last time you went to bed this early and slept through the night?”
Dean stiffened immediately, but Cas doesn’t stop. He continues to suck while cautiously beginning to massage the muscles of Dean’s pert ass. They would take this slow. Go at Dean’s pace.
Dean’s shoulders shake, but he turns so his face is hidden from Castiel.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Cas says way too innocently as he wraps an arm around Dean’s back to lead him out of the bathroom. Dean rolls his eyes again, but doesn’t complain about the coddling. He knows it’s about to get worse.
He says firmly.
Instead of being disappointed, Dean was actually pretty relieved. It must have shown on his face, because the young doctor went from being concerned and unsure of himself, to standing straight with a little swagger in his posture.
Reaching over to run his fingers through Dean’s hair, Cas smiles so goddamn affectionately at him, that he has to sit up straighter in order to be closer to him. As soon as he does, Cas uses the smaller distance between them to lean over to kiss his cheek sweetly. He doesn’t really understand how bitching at him could make Cas smell so happy and nauseatingly adoring, but he won’t question it.
It’s pretty modern, adorned exclusively with stainless steal appliances and light fixtures, but the granite counter tops and back splashes accompanied by a couple of lit candles and double oven give it a very cozy feel. The room fucking smells like fall and pumpkin pie, and it automatically has his mouth watering.
But he’d have to do this tactfully, and tactful was NOT a word he’d use to describe himself.
When the fourth week finally came around, things started to change rapidly.
Sam told him very quietly that Dean smells like someone who just lost a loved one.
Brushing his fingers down to the nape of Dean’s neck, he continues his attempt to soothe Dean until finally, Dean slowly turns to face him again, trying to follow the movements of Castiel’s hand as he moves it. His eyes are shut now, but his face has lost the deadened look, in it’s place, something infinitely more exhausted and infinitely more vulnerable. He rests his face against the palm of Castiel’s hand.
“It’s fine, Sam,” he insists, his voice still muffled. “Has to do with temperature during pregnancy. Google it.”
What with his pup kicking, Sam’s approval, and just with Sam
“Alright, let’s do this shit… After I grab about five different jackets, ‘cuz I’m pretty sure I’m about to freeze my balls off- and wouldn’t that be a tragedy?”
“What the hell, dude?” he complains. Cas’s scent so close to him had been making him feel better. Not that he’d ever admit that out loud.
know.
perfect. That way, Cas could at least say, “Wow Dean, this is aesthetically pleasing,” while thinking
And they hadn’t judged him, or looked at him in disgust. Ash’s mouth had still hung open wide the entire time in shock, but that was to be expected after discovering the truth about someone after years of working along side them. And both him and Benny had the same reaction after he’d finally gotten around to choking out his explanation for being sick, and probably being sick again in the future. He had wished in that moment, despite everything, that he could have taken a picture of their faces- talk about priceless- he thinks to himself, laughing quietly to himself, the sound echoing off the tiled walls.
“Then what, Dean?” Cas asks brokenly, “I do not understand why you had the reaction you did.”
When he finally spots Cas’s street, he’s surprised as he pulls into a fucking cul de sac. While Cas hadn’t really hadn’t talked about where he lived much, Dean had always assumed the man lived in an apartment or condo or something, not a
“You have blood all over your face, Dean,” Cas says impatiently. “And you’re freezing. How long have you been out here?”
Dean doesn’t get hard as he makes Cas fall apart, but it’s like he turned on a fucking faucet in his ass the way he’s leaking. Ignoring it for now as he pants right along with Cas, Dean steals Cas’s next breath with his lips as Cas’s mouth goes slack, warm come covering his hand completely as Cas’s knot expands and empties.
The door cracks slowly, probably because he’s afraid of waking Dean up again, but Dean still panics and stops the doors progression with one hand.
Cas had to go in today for work while Dean hadn’t, so Cas was probably just getting back home. He has enough time to fight with his jeans again, throw on a black Henley, and then finish the look with his biggest, baggiest, military green jacket and logger boots. With what he was wearing, he was pretty sure he’d done a good enough job covering up his bump. The jacket had always been big, but now it hung on him in a way that made him look less bulky underneath, giving the illusion that the jacket was slightly puffed.
you.”
, Dean?”
for the baby. And so was he.
He’d been unaware that he’d reached up, but apparently his fingers had sought Cas out, because he looks down to see them wrapped tightly in the material of Cas’s shirt. He makes his fingers unclench slowly.
“No dude. Nothing.”
Keeping his eyes closed, he guides Cas’s head back down to his chest, only meeting a tiny bit of resistance as he does so. No matter how much the pup decided to move, Cas always fangirled. “Yeah. Just give it a minute, little Alpha.”
make me clean it up,” Benny says, only mostly joking.
. Look at you, Dean. You look horrible.”
Arching his spine, he groans as Cas strokes him up and down, torn between wanting more and wanting
When he comes up empty handed and frustrated, he turns to Cas who is busy stripping the sheets and humming quietly under his breath.
And every time after that when Dean tried to protest, all he got was a brick wall in response; Cas either trying to ignore his arguments, or Cas going into Doctor mode and boring him to death with a lecture on the reasons each individual food item was completely necessary for his health. Dean hadn’t decided which was worse yet., but Cas in Doctor mode was something to behold.
Clearing his throat to dislodge the fear that had come out of nowhere, he barely manages to reply brilliantly, “Uh. Novak?”
“That’s because this tree decided to be intentionally difficult,” Cas murmurs in exasperation. “I probably should have chosen a smaller tree.”
“That is not true, you ass - ” Dean smirks and Cas’s eyes widen when Cas takes the bait, “butt. Assbutt.”
Everyone gets into position, and he eyes the defender that’s going to be on his ass the entire game….and not in the fun way.
When Dean comes, crying out softly as his muscles clamp down on Castiel’s fingers as Castiel works him through it, Castiel watches his face in awe. Dean is so beautiful it hurts; face twisted in ecstasy, eyes closed, his cheeks and neck flushed in arousal.
Why hadn’t Dean just told him in the first place? He couldn’t help but think as he pulled up to Dean’s apartment. Yes, Omega males were extremely rare, but it wasn’t his place to judge another living being. In his opinion, Omegas were the strongest and the most versatile of all humans, able to bare children regardless of sex. Frankly, he was disgusted by the traditionalists who were stuck in the past and refused to see Omegas as anything other than property. As submissive things that’s sole purpose was to be subservient to alphas will and whim. Those archaic ideals should have died way longer than fifty years ago. Omegas did not deserve the discrimination they had or still continue to face. It was completely ludicrous. Male or female, Omegas were to be cherished and respected.
Unfortunately his body didn’t get the memo. He’s sluggish and clumsy as he gets ready for work, and he feels like he’s moving in slow motion. Catching a glance of himself in the mirror, he notes the flush to his cheeks quickly before disregarding it and heading for the door. Looks like another off day, he thinks, but hey. At least there was still no sign of nausea. He would take what he could get at this point.
Cas sits up and knocks most of the pillows to the floor, then slowly lifts Dean into an upright position. Before he can swing his legs over the side of the bed to stand though, Cas fits himself against Dean’s back again. Hands slip under his t-shirt in a very familiar way.
And Cas was fucking ruthless, mouth parting immediately, tongue trying to acquaint itself with every inch of Dean’s mouth it could. It was slow and sensual, none of that teeth and claws shit that went down last night, although it had about the same affect on his lower half as it did before.
When he wakes up again, it was to the feeling of someone rubbing random patterns onto his stomach and gentle pressure touching his forehead which he assumes is Cas’s lips.
real. He’s carrying his and Cas’s baby. They’re doing this thing together. This is his life.
And when he’d very plainly told him that Dean couldn’t speak with him, Sam thought that the man in front of him had to be a traditionalist. One of those Alpha’s who were stuck in the past, but you still heard about them every once in a while. Controlling every single aspect of their Omega’s lives, treating them like second-class citizens, completely dominant.
“Cas, wait - ” he chokes. The words die on his tongue when his arms suddenly become empty. He stares down at his empty arms in horror. “No. No. Not my - ”
“C’mon guys,” his brother’s annoyingly chipper voice comes from the other side of the door. “It’s Christmas. And we let you guys sleep in long enough. This time next year you’ll be grateful to sleep in past 6.”
Biting his tongue hard so that no noises escape him, he’s glad Cas doesn’t immediately let go of him. He’s been off his feet too long, and too many things are hitting him at once.
Frowning but accepting the paper work she gave him, while handing over his I.D. and insurance card, he’s not quite sure how to take that. Her voice is sweet, giving off a maternal vibe, and he doesn’t think she meant it as an insult.
“Hey, Dean?” she says quietly. “I don’t know what’s going through that head of yours, but I just wanted to remind you that both me and Sam are always here for you, okay? No matter what.”
His words have dried up like a river in the desert. All the things he wants to say, wants to ask for, or even demand, have suddenly left him.
Fuck him for being nice. It would make this situation a hell of a lot easier if Cas was generally an asshole. Truth be told, after they had talked the morning after his freak out, he thought that was possibly going to be the last time he’d see the man. Yeah, he’d spouted a lot of pretty words to convince Dean that he wanted to help, but those were just words. Now, with Cas actually here, making an effort to do the things he said he would, Dean didn’t know how to let him. It kind of makes it easier when he drops off food and leaves, so he doesn’t feel as pressured to interact. The comfort zone he had so desperately clung to before he met Cas at that fucking bar was out the window. Every time Cas was there, they were breaching uncharted territory.
Ash? Jesus Christ-are we in high school?’
of this. I just… don’t know what to expect. How to deal. It’s so
“Okay, baby, I’m going to help you up and get you into position, okay? If you feel any pain at all, I need you to tell me immediately, okay?”
But Dean didn’t care about that right now. All he saw was the man in front of him. All that mattered in this very second was Cas, and their future together. It was like Dean was finally seeing clearly for the first time in his entire life.
wanted to leave the bed. He was fine as long as Cas wasn’t touching him. Dean was done fighting with Castiel. It wasn’t his fault they were in this mess, and it was Dean who needed to make this right.
“On?”
“I don’t kiss and tell on the first date, Cas,” Dean smirked.
“Do I look alright, Cas?” he sighs in exasperation, “Do I smell alright? Is there anything about my life that is
It was a dream.
The motion doesn’t cause sharp pain, it’s more like a sore muscle being stretched after not having done so in a couple weeks. When he tells Cas as much, Cas nods, seemingly relieved.
“Dean,” she says, voice sharp. “What
He gets one more look at the dangerous glint to his eyes before Cas is squatting down in front of him, using the angle to lift Dean by the backs of his thighs, hefting him quickly but gently into the air like it’s nothing.
Dean glares at the reminder, but he can’t stay mad when thinking about the man making them lunch right now. Cas was just so….
He’s numb. All of him is numb as he feels the slickness coating the back of his pants where he sits. But for some reason he still needs answers, still wants an explanation as to why he’s feeling this way.
“Which is why it’s gotten so bad lately.”
Moving on.
“I thought you said you ‘adore me’? That doesn’t sound very
Cas pauses a second, caught off guard, and then chuckles quietly. “Your logic astounds me.”
Laying Dean back on the bed, he’s about to straighten up when Dean locks his ankles around his back, preventing him from leaving. Bracing himself on either side of Dean’s shoulders, Castiel stares down at Dean while Dean smirks up at him. Oddly enough, their positions stir a memory from their first night together, and Castiel can’t help the spike of lust the thought ignites.
Everything else doesn’t matter. None of his reasons from before matter, and neither does his pride.
Dean hears Castiel whisper, “Oh Dean,” sadly he realizes just how much slick is coating the back of his thighs and his ass, but Dean is too busy moaning as Cas cradles a cheek in either hand.
“The pup,” Sam says immediately, without a second’s hesitation, eyes darting from Dean’s eyes to his stomach and then back again.
Cas’s lips are so hot, taste so good against his; he has no idea how he went so long without them.
He doesn’t want to talk. He wishes he couldn’t think. It’s just too damn loud in his brain right now, but that’s not Castiel’s fault. There was no point on taking out his frustrations on the only fucking person who has his back.
Cas tilted his head at him, looking confused. “Eating breakfast? I brought you some as well.” He said, offering him the other bowl.
Dean flips him the bird without a second’s hesitation. He’s not pissed at Benny or anything, he’s just… anxious to be home.
After his talk with Katie, that realization was impossible to ignore. He wouldn’t be like his father at all. He would be warm, affectionate,
“What’s what like?” he mumbles back sleepily. He’d almost fell into a doze while he’d been petting Cas, only aided by the never ceasing movement of Cas’s fingers on his stomach. Sometimes he kind of felt like a dog getting their belly rubbed, but it felt too good to complain.
bit grateful for that god awful phone call that brought his little brother back into his life.
The continued absence of classical music feels significant. So does the fact that neither Cas nor himself reaches over to take the other’s hand.
But his eyes pop open wide and fearful as he hears a voice. A deep, very
“It shouldn’t matter- we do it all the time. Now is no different.”
Until the person who is not Cas answers him back.
“Yes,” Cas rolls his eyes fondly, “I’m very aware that he
Biting his lips to hold back his moan, he watched as Cas breathed through his nose and took him further and further into his warm, sucking mouth, going deeper and deeper. Bobbing his head a few times, to try and find a rhythm, it seemed like Cas was completely intent on Dean’s pleasure alone. Bucking his hips to try to get further into him, he let go of Cas’s hair to grip the sheets for better leverage. He could taste the blood in his mouth from where he’d bitten into his lips so hard, trying to keep in his noises.
He missed this so goddamn much.
move. Stay right where you are, I’ll be right back, alright?”
“Mmmm,” he hums back, sleepily rubbing himself against Cas, forgetting for a second that he had a point to make. He stills his hips. Oh yeah. “With sleeping.”
She smiles at him one more time, before shooing him on his way, and Dean hurries to get it over with. Because someone else handling his pee if fucking gross. It’s probably to check for dehydration or some shit, but he just doesn’t see the point. There had to be a more sanitary way.
She looks at him sadly, and again, he gets the feeling he’s two seconds away from being hugged.
He closes his eyes again as his eyes start to tear up and his throat closes, but it’s too late to stop it up. When he tries to blink them away, it only makes it worse, so he decides to just let it happen despite being in front of his little brother and Jess. He’s all fucked up on hormones anyway, no point in trying to control it. His shoulders start to shake as the water works begin.
How was that even fucking possible?! He’d slept with a guy once, and now his body was on auto-pilot, ready and willing to take a cock up his ass, when the ideas had revolted him for fucking years? Was he still dreaming? How could this be fucking happening, he thought as his hips rocked back to take in more of Cas without him thinking about it.
Everything that makes you, you. Even when you make pigheaded decisions and end up here, I adore you,” Cas smiles.
“C’mere you freak,” he murmurs hoarsely, already reaching for him before Cas starts moving. Pulling him in so that Cas’s head is cradled to his chest, crazy hair tickling his chin. Cas wraps himself around Dean’s stomach, hands going to rub at his bare skin while Dean’s fingers attempt to comb their way through Cas’s chronic bedhead. “You know it’s rude to stare, right? ‘Specially when they’re sleeping.”
“Cas,” Dean all but whines. Cas is probably only retreating an inch or two, and the fucker is just watching Dean squirm.
“Ahh,” he says intelligently. So he fell under the category of Cas’s mate. That shouldn’t make his heart flutter the way it does, but he ignores it. He called for a reason.
“Alright? What happened to it?” Bobby is saying, but again, Dean hangs up.
face he’s sporting, he actually laughs an honest to god laugh with sadness momentarily forgotten.
“Banged up my ankle a bit, but besides that we’re all good,” he says and then smiles a little sad quirk of his lips. “I kind of shut down. Couldn’t deal with it all by myself. Thank god I had my phone on me or else I would’ve been even more fucked. I managed to call Cas, and he came and got me.”
“Okay, smart ass, you know what I mean,” Dean mutters petulantly, cheeks darkening a bit. He hurriedly brings a mouthful of soup to his mouth so that he won’t say anything else stupid.
“Yeah,” he says cautiously, not liking where this is going.
Well, okay. He was down for the no clothes thing.
But when they go to pull apart, they both only make it a few inches before they freeze.
He’s actually glad he ran into her. Glad he gets to keep a friendship he was sure he’d have to burn after she found out he was an omega. The situation they were in was strange, but in a good way. Lisa was a good person, and he didn’t know why he’d doubted her in the first place.
When Dean walks on to the field and into the sun, the first thing he thinks is;
“WHAT?! You let me use it again after you threw up on it?! Oh god. I think I’m going to be sick - ”
You don’t have to hurt anymore, Dean. If you let me in, I promise I would do everything in my power to protect you. From whatever has kept you from being your true self for all these years, and I would do my best to protect you from yourself.”
to bare himself for his Alpha.
He was lucky to work here, as his dad and Bobby had happened to be old co-workers a long time ago, and his dad never let him forget it. Speaking of his dad… his work day was coming to a close.
“I can see that,” Cas slides his thumbs down to wipe them away. “Do you want to tell me the real reason that you’re upset?” he whispers quietly so no one else can hear.
“Long story-short?” He says, finally standing up to stretch his legs, “We’re either naming our pup Katie or Big Bird. She
“Hot chocolate with a banana,” he hums appreciatively, smacking his lips. “How has no one thought of that before, it’s like the perfect combo.”
Cas is kissing him then. A desperately happy kiss that starts out deep right from the beginning. Cas’s lips open his again and again, and choppy, sharp breaths are exchanged between them.
“That might be so, but that don’t stop me from giving a damn,” Bobby says, tilting his chin up when Dean refuses to sit. “I
to need him.”
Cas had better things to do, Cas was gone.
“Yeah,” he pants, ignoring the blush he can feel in his cheeks. “Want you. C’mon Cas, wanna be yours.”
Does he lie? Or go with the truth? After all they’d been through, especially in the last twenty-four hours, it wouldn’t feel right to lie. But the truth was fucking embarrassing! Maybe if he changed the subject he could avoid lying
can, if that’s what you want. I will fight for you.”
Still, he hadn’t been able to react. No anger, no fear, no tears, and no anything. He was nothing. With the same thought of
Dean sputters, cheeks turning red, and Cas pipes, “Who is this Doctor Sexy? And why haven’t I heard of him before?”
“Dean?” Cas rushes over to him, squatting at his side, one hand going to his lower back.
“Undue stress? I’m not some fragile little thing, dude. You don’t have freak’in coddle me,” he scoffs, “And you don’t have to walk on eggshells around me either.”
"Okay, Cas."
He could make brownies, chocolate-chip cookies, lemon bars, cinnamon swirl muffins, banana bread, or fucking
“What time do you gotta be at work?” Dean mumbles against the soft material, not even sure Cas will be able to understand him.
“You are all uninvited to next Christmas.”
“Maybe-” he croaks. “Maybe not. I was thinking, and I thought…” Dean takes a deep breath. “Does that offer to move in with you still stand?”
“Why do we listen to the same CD on repeat? It’s not that I don’t appreciate this kind of music or anything, but don’t you like anything else?”
But he can’t breathe, and he definitely can’t respond. While his body continues with the rocking motion, his head moving forward and back with the impact, Dean feels around for Cas’s hand before bringing it to his leaking dick. And Cas is coming, moan muffled by biting softly into the flesh at Dean’s shoulder, not breaking the skin.
“Good,” Sam nods then visibly hesitates. “How was he? How’d it go with him?”
“You’ll probably notice an increase in activity once you’re fed and feeling better. Since I’m already holding you, did you just want to come with me?” Cas looks down at him, probably trying to gage all the emotions going on beneath the surface. “I can get you set up on the couch.”
Dean needs his rest.
Sliding one of his hands from Cas’s shoulder into his hair, he whispers, “C’mon, baby. Move.”
The next time he wakes up, the television is on with the volume low, and its obviously been a few hours since lunch. An arm tightens around him as he blinks slowly awake, lifting his head up slightly to look around him. Sam is still sitting there, eyes focused on the tv. Turning his head back around to where it had been comfortably resting in the nook that is Cas’s shoulder, he’s met with a smile that has him automatically smiling back despite the fact that he’d been cuddled up into Cas while his brother sat not two feet away.
Dean couldn’t breathe. He was starting to hyperventilate, breath coming in ragged gasps. Noise narrowing down until all he could hear is snippets of Cas’s panicked mumbling.
It was time to move on.
And he wasn’t sure how he felt about that. As soon as he realized what was going on, and who exactly was trying to comfort him and why, the tears had finally came. It was like a freaking dam had burst. All the stress and bottled up emotions from the past two months had come rushing to the surface, and he was helpless to stop it. He hadn’t cried like that in years, probably his entire life actually. And Cas had held him. Just yesterday when he even thought his name he would have cringed, but now there was so much fucking confusion.
She was a tiny thing, probably five or six- way too young to be out so late by herself- and her brown curls seemed to be a great source of aggravation as she blew them out of her face and looked up at him expectantly.
“No, Cas,” he says immediately. “You can’t. It’s okay. I got this.”
And damn, are they making a mess…
Panting with lust and  anxiety, Dean realized as Cas slipped in inch by inch, that he was right. While a tad bit uncomfortable, it didn’t hurt. More than anything else, it was just weird.  But Cas’s noises he released as he kept pushing, made the weird feelings of fullness disappear.
Benny narrows his eyes like he’s trying to tell if Dean is lying to him or not, but he nods. “I’ll take your word for it right now, but you better bring that boy around here so I can see for myself. I’m sure Bobby would agree.”
“I missed you too, little one,” Cas says, voice hushed. A different sound leaves his throat when there’s another kick against their hands again. The incredulous look he shoots first the pup and then Dean is one he never hopes to forget.
“We’ll be back in a month, Dean,” Sam reassures him, setting down the bag he’d slung over his shoulder so that he can hug Dean too. He doesn’t unwrap his arms from around himself, too cold now to really move, but he doesn’t step away from his brother either. So he’s participating.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says quietly in response, arms winding around Dean’s back and pulling him closer. “Your scent suggests that you are happy.”
“Shhhh,” he breathes as quiet as he can against Cas’s throat. He’s not letting go of Cas’s arms any time soon.“S’fine. Go back to sleep.”
A new scent suddenly fills the air, breaking the thick aroma of sickness, and Dean groans quietly, all the skin Castiel can see turning bright red. Castiel gulps as he realizes that the scent is slick. And mother of god, is it good.
“I shouldn’t have let you leave,” Cas says like the words are physically painful. His grip tightens around Dean, his touch soothing and apologetic. “And I should’ve been there for you more. Your
“It’s so
Rubbing irritably at the top of his stomach where the band met skin, his hand twitches with the need to use his nails. His stretch marks weren’t helping either.
Cas fingers the material softly, not looking Dean in the eye. “I understand from our conversation this morning that you….I get it. But my scent,” Cas lifts his chin, looking a little defiant. “Dean, my scent should work as an effective substitute for your morning sickness pill. As much as you hate it, I’m afraid it’s your only option.”
This is
“Reflection of what?” he asks in confusion. It was getting too late for any kind of deep conversation.
“Oh my god, it’s so big,” Dean gasps, trying his best to lie still but wanting nothing more than to get as close as possible to the screen showing his baby. “Is it supposed to be that big?” he asks desperately.
Closing his eyes, ignoring his body’s natural reaction to Cas for once, everything feels okay for an instance. He can feel Cas’s heart beat underneath his ear, and the tickle of Cas’s breath as it gently puffs against the top of his head.
The angle’s not quite right but if he shifts back just a
Pulling away from Dean’s lips, he’d wrapped one arm underneath Dean’s shoulders to prop him up some before pressing his face into Dean’s neck, scenting him the way a mate would; the way Dean had only managed to sneak a few times when Cas was trying to comfort him; the way he desperately wanted to do himself- right now.
“So back to the hospital it is then,” he does his best to sound cheery. This could be a million times worse; he knows this from the last couple of weeks. He can do this. For Cas, for himself and the baby. “You have a couch, right?”
“I was- wrong,” he struggles to get out. “Should’ve let you do the leg work.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” he calls before smirking and heading for the stairs.
“You think I don’t know that?” Cas whispers harshly, anger coursing through his scent, thick and heavy. “Why do you think he’s here? I couldn’t leave him, Charlie. I’m trying my best to find a solution that’s best for him and my patients.”
“I’m not! I swear I’m not, Dean. I’m just trying to underst-”
No real plans or schedule to follow, no pressure to do anything or be anywhere. It’s just nice. Really nice.
How the fuck does she expect me to use this shit for it when I don’t have the right equipment?!”
Jaw dropping in wordless pain, he arches into the feeling; spine curving outward as his hole twitches and
“Are you okay? How did it go?”
Too fucking long is his immediate answer that pops up in his head, but the fight has gone out of him. It’s time to get down to business anyway. He can play nice for a little while.
For one, his body was changing. With all the good food he’d been eating, and the exclusion of booze, he actually looked healthy for once.
“Of course, Dean,” he says so simply Dean wants to punch him, “While male and female Omegas are similar in many ways, their birthing patterns are not. Along with different changes in your bodies, male Omegas can also be expected to carry for longer periods of time.”
“You talk too much,” Cas says, kissing a trail up his throat until he can reclaim Dean’s lips.
On top of that, he was seeing the doctor for his suppressants. They’d been acting up lately, and it was beginning to show. He was becoming more emotional, irritable, he’d lost around ten pounds (and it wasn’t from the one time he’d worked out this month), and his stomach would get these cramps that would force him to call off of work.
It takes a little shifting, made all the more difficult by his increased circumference and weight, but by the time they find the perfect angle for Dean’s head to fit against Cas’s shoulder, his eyes are already drifting closed and the rhythmic strokes against the bare skin of his stomach have him relaxed and practically boneless.
, he’s starving and he’s starting to feel just a little self-conscience.
He nods quickly and doesn’t even think about it before giving Cas complete access to his neck, making himself vulnerable and holding on to Cas for dear life, gasping when Cas immediately fastens his mouth to his neck and bites him gently, barely hard enough to break the skin.
“Okay,” she whispers back, hugging the three candies to her chest and smiling sweetly at Castiel before rounding on her uncle. “Can we go home now? I wanna show Cody all my candy!”
It all feels too real in his dream. His apartment, his own shitty couch, the smell of distress and pain.  Looking around, he shakes his head and drags his hand across his face.
“Sam, Jess threw up on your tooth brush on that trip to Vegas. But she was afraid of telling you so she washed it and put it back - ”
“Sorry,” Dean mutters self-consciously, extremely aware that he probably sounds crazy. “I’m still kinda all over the place. I didn’t mean to snap at you. But uh- to answer your question… there is no way in
They kissed a little, but right when Cas was starting to push him back into the cushions, the door bell would fucking ring again. Smiling mischievously at Dean’s frustrated groan, Cas always got up to answer the door.
“Thank you, Dean. I love it. You couldn’t have gotten me a better gift.”
“Dean,” Cas says in a rush, placing the book on his opposite side, away from Dean. “I didn’t hear you come in. I’m sorry, I got a bit distracted.”
Meeting her dark brown eyes, he can’t help being a little touched by the genuine concern coming from a virtual stranger. He doesn’t know what it is about her, but the comfort coming off of the beta in front of him makes Dean feel like he’s known her his entire life. So there shouldn’t be a problem with asking her something that had bugged him on and off again for months.
he was jerking it to, Dean does. And knowing what he knows makes it all the more shameful.
Closing his eyes again, he presses play and listens to the automated message system rattle off the date of the first message.
Tentatively, he flexes his foot, only wincing a little at the pain it causes- acutely aware that Cas is watching his expressions.
“Oh god, Dean,” Cas is whispering over and over, while Dean sobs out a litany of, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
“So he looked you and the pup over?” Jess asks cautiously. “You’re really okay?”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean spits, “Who do you think made me like this Bobby?! You think I liked taking suppressants and scent blockers every fucking day? Do you think I like living in fucking fear all the goddamn time over the way I was
Cas,” Dean moans loudly, gasping, and gripping Cas’s hair tightly to bring him closer to where he’s dripping wet and aching. “Cas.
“I called you, didn’t I?” Dean mumbles quietly into Cas’s skin, so quietly he’s not sure he was meant to hear it.
“….right.”
“Oh,” is all he says, surprised by how disappointed he is. It isn’t a big deal, he knows Cas has a life outside of him, doesn’t need to see him every fucking day for sure, but… he’s still disappointed regardless.
“Yes,” Cas sighs, and Dean can see how much that one word hurts him.
“What the
Dean can’t decide if he should answer or not, so he’s relieved when Jess finally asks, “What is it, Castiel? Hold it up, we want to see!”
when he’s readjusted his grip- he takes another step down- something
this all sounds, Dean can’t help but wonder for a second how the fuck they got here; with Dean pissed at Cas for not telling him that he was leaving, meeting Cas’s brother and almost going on a fucking date, holding hands, and Dean waiting for Cas to come home at night after a long day’s work. Shaking his head at the roll he’s suddenly found himself in, Dean just mutters okay and agrees to leave the door unlocked for him.
But when the lock clicks into place, Cas turns towards Dean and gently tilts Dean’s hooded head down so that he can kiss Dean’s forehead. Then he’s taking Dean’s hand again and leading them to where he knows Cas’s bedroom is at. Just like that, no questions asked.
“Hmmm?” he mumbles back intelligently, eyes still heavy and closed.
There is no point in getting up, and no point in going back to sleep.
“S’here okay?” he murmurs against Cas’s skin, words almost too muffled to make out.
Snapping his jaw shut from where it had been hanging open, he ignores the blank looks from Sam and Jess in favor of getting to his feet and pulling Cas with him.
“Sorry, sweetheart, I didn’t mean to startle you,” Cas soothes, leaning down to press kisses to his stomach while stroking over his sides while Dean tries to catch his breath again. “The last thing you should feel is embarrassment. Over anything, Dean. You’re injured. And carrying the baby is a taking it’s toll on your health as well. It’s okay to take it easy right now. You deserve that. And accepting the things that you deserve does not make you weak,” he squints down at Dean knowingly. “I wish you could see that.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says, reaching into his back pocket and handing it to Dean. Having finished with the sheets, Cas picks up the laundry basket they’ve started with all the things they’d dirtied during his heat and heads towards the living room where Dean
He guesses he’ll be finding out soon enough. Because this shit started today. He just didn’t know where to start….
“Don’t be mad at him, Sam,” Jess smirks, “he’s just disappointed because I haven’t managed to get Dr. Sexy’s autograph like I’d promised him yet.”
Who the fuck was it? Cas was in Idaho or something, and no one else ever bothered him.
When the movie is over and they all rouse themselves blurrily, they somehow end up talking about the pup while Cas gives him an impromptu back massage. He hadn’t realized how many knots had accumulated during his pregnancy, and neither had Cas judging by the promise for more regular massages in the future.
His father had proudly taught him to shoot, had coached him in fixing up car’s at his Uncle Bobby’s garage, gave his opinion on Dean's choice of each and every girl he brought around that particular week, and had hinted none too subtly about him following in his foot steps as a cop once he’d popped his knot and finished high school.
And yup. The pain is such an unwelcome contrast to all the pleasure he’d been feeling in the last half an hour or so, he’d be happy to forget about it all over again if he could just make it to the bed.
“Don’t go gettin’ your panties in a twist,” Benny rolls his eyes, still laughing to himself. “You musta known as soon as you walked in here we would be givin’ you shit.”
, and now honest to god
“Yeah, Lis, come here,” he says softly, opening his arms for her to step closer.
“No, no, no, no. No Cas. I know that look,” Dean says, placing a hand squarely on Cas’s forehead to keep him away. “At least get off your knees. You’re giving my mind all kinds of ideas that we also do not have time for.”
“That fear hasn’t gone anywhere, Dean. It’s still encompassing you.”
The rest of the trip down is uneventful as is the ride to the hospital. Cas drives with classical music playing in the background and holds Dean’s hand tightly in his own until they pull into the parking lot.
“There aren’t two sides separate from ourselves Dean,” Cas says with a frown, “You are not one thing because of another. I was born an alpha, so that is what I am without question.”
Patting his hand once more, Cas gets out of the car and shuts his door, waiting for Dean to do the same, as he blinks dumbly before following. When Dean regains his mental facilities- meanwhile tells the fluttering in his stomach to fuck off- he catches up to Cas, meeting Cas’s soft eyes before they step towards the front of the store. They walk together, side-by-side in through the dark parking lot. It’s getting darker much faster nowadays, and Dean only catches glimpses of Cas’s smile surreptitiously as it’s illuminated as they walk under infrequent lamp posts.
“Cas I…” he whispers, almost too choked up to continue.
“…..what do you want, Dean,” Cas sighs, exasperation and irritation clear in his voice.
His nipples, which are pretty much swollen and sensitive all the time now are a particular brand of torture Cas frequently likes to subject him to. Cas loves the way Dean falls apart when he starts kissing and licking them, getting Dean so horny that by the time he’s done, Dean’s lower half is ready for the main event.
Dean narrows his eyes in suspicion, cuz’ scenting was pretty fucking personal, and Cas had to know by now how he felt about getting personal.
“You won’t let me, huh?” he smirks, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
He scrambles to hold on to Cas’s back, afraid that he’s going to disappear and he’ll be left empty again. Cas just holds him tighter, free hand moving to support his lower back.
Cas is up and out of bed way too fucking early, telling Dean to go back to sleep while he preps everything in the kitchen. But for whatever reason, Dean decides to ignore Cas for once. Following Cas blurrily, he sits down on the barstool at the island, puts his head down on his crossed arms, and watches as Cas moves around the kitchen. He should probably help, or at least repeat the recipes Cas has laid out so Cas doesn’t have to keep going back and forth between the refrigerator and the pantry, but Cas’s furrowed brow and confused head tilt is really too amusing to risk intervening.
It makes his heart hurt to hear Cas sound like that. So upset, so
“Could I maybe use your laptop? I want to skype my brother real quick. They’ll probably be worried at this point.”
“You do realize I’m a mechanic, right?” Dean asks both of them wryly.
The way the water feels against his hole every time Cas moves in and out is making him lose his goddamn mind, and the way he and Cas keep sliding against each other, slipping against the slippery sides and bottom of the tub every time they try to find purchase just adds another layer of delicious frustration to the entire endeavor.
Cas couldn’t help his moan as Dean took to sucking his fingers with abandon, needing no direction. Fuck that was hot. He couldn’t even imagine how overwhelmingly sexy it would be if Dean were to suck him off. While definitely rugged and handsome in some ways, he couldn’t really deny that Dean was, like he told him earlier, beautiful. Slightly feminine in a way most men wished they were. With bright green eyes, sun kissed freckles, and plump, pouty lips, Dean was almost too perfect. And too controlled. He wanted this man to completely lose it, just for the night. To go forward from here knowing that there was way more to life than the ideals of closed minded people. You didn’t have to be gay to enjoy sex with men. You didn’t have to be straight to enjoy sex with women. Alpha or beta, or even omegas. They didn’t have to follow exactly to the tee what society told them to be or do. Humanity in itself was fluid, always moving and constantly changing to meet the needs of the current majority. Putting limitations on one single aspect of that seemed a waste of time and emotion to him.
Cas has his eyes closed, but open them again so he can lean forward and kiss Dean’s nose, then his forehead, and then his lips again. Dean’s just about to deepen it again when the sound of water running reminds him that he has a purpose.
“No really, Cas. Totally fucked,” he assures Cas, “And so are you. Cuz’ we are doing this shit.”
Cas nudges him with his foot. “
It’s hard to fall asleep on his back with all the pup’s weight on his body. He’s got almost all the pillows under his back, shoulders, and head, but it’s not enough.
else. Getting up to go to the bathroom now would just be a pain in the ass.”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas tries to duck to catch Dean’s eye. “Is that okay with you?”
all this,” Sam breaks in. He nods like he’s confirming something he’d already guessed. “I need to hear this from your perspective, Dean, because I’m obviously missing a few details from dad’s side.”
“Sit down before you fall down,” Benny pats his shoulder. When Dean hesitantly looks up, instead of judgment, Benny is sporting a soft look on his face. “Now was that that hard?” he asks sarcastically.
There was no question of paternity. He remembered Dean insisting that he wasn’t gay, and he remembered Dean’s face when the lust had cleared and his horror and disgust had set in. Castiel had never seen so much hatred directed at him before. To this day, he still didn’t understand where he’d gone wrong and why Dean had said the things he’d said. But he intended to find out sooner rather than later.
one, Dean-”
By the way his heart reacts to the words, it might be the only time he’s ever heard those words. He’s not positive, but he’s pretty sure. He woulda remembered if his father had told him that, and he woulda remembered the warm heat that seemed to settle in his chest.
“The night we met, naturally,” he says, not a little sarcastically. “I wanted to get hammered and I’m pretty sure I did that, and then some.”
“Dean-”
Tears leak out of the corners of his eyes and Cas only sees them because he pulls away to cradle Dean’s face between both hands and kiss them away.
“Yeah, uh, you too.”
He was led back behind her desk to one of two rooms, where there was already someone sitting on the patient table. The man looked about 25, and was probably fresh from college. Brown, just rolled out of bed hair, and a shaky demeanor. His leg was bouncing restlessly and he was typing furiously on his cell phone, with wide blue eyes.
The thing is, he didn’t want to lose this part of his life. The way he looked, the way he dressed. He’d seen the way pregnant woman dressed. In loose fitting, belly “flattering”, sissy and soft clothes. Clothes that screamed, “Look at me! I’m pregnant, and couldn’t be smugger!”
For any of you people who have never done GISHWHES, please think about doing it next year! You will never have as much fun or experience so much weird in your entire life! Hope you enjoyed this chapter! And as always, mistakes are my own! My bad xD
The hardness of Cas’s face finally breaks as he rolls his eyes’ the tension noticeably dissipating when he hears Jess giggle.
He moves to shrug past Castiel, but he freezes in his tracks when they’re pretty much  face to face, and Cas’s scent is inches a way from him. Holy fucking shit. This guy was already weirdly magnetic before, but now Dean could
He doesn’t respond.
“It’s alright, Dean, I’m not going to hurt you. I’m here to help.”
He couldn’t wait to see him again. Maybe then he could actually articulate how grateful he was for Cas’s presence through all this bullshit.
There’s a light pressure at the top of his head, and then he’s all alone as he hears the door quietly shut.
Cas smiles. 'That should have tipped me off, if nothing else did. You'd want to go for someone with a more honest name.'
'Hey! Watch the money-maker. Where would I be without this baby?' He pats his stomach.
“That's very thoughtful. What's in it?”
Cas' hand is warm when it finds Dean's. 'That's not true. That's not really even possible.'
'Hey Bobby,' Dean continues. 'Any special requests? You
Dean felt weight lifting from his shoulders. The pieces of himself that he had tried to evict came winging back home like passenger pigeons. The two boys stared at one another and felt their friendship realign and readjust. Dean let himself examine Cas, tried to chart the time they had lost in the changes he saw. Cas stared back, and for several moments they simply took one another in. Dean wanted to know everything about Cas' time away. He wanted to know where he had been, what he had done, about the people he had met. But it seemed so vast and irrelevant, and Dean knew they'd have as long as they wanted to catch up. All the anger was gone and the space between them was waiting to be filled. He finally spoke. 'Hey, at least we're square now. Well, sort of. My punch was way better.' His voice was shaky.
Bobby looked pleasantly surprised at that, and John felt irrationally grateful. Dean turned back to the exhibit then, a vast expanse of grassy earth with a slab of water twinkling brightly in the middle. John watched his older son scan the enclosure carefully, his still-small hands clutching the wire fence, one of his shoulders pressed up against Castiel's. It made John feel nostalgic somehow, observing this small symbol of youth, the oblivious closeness, the mindless connection. John missed that a lot. He hadn't been able to face dating again after Mary's death, had dreaded the thought of small talk, platitudes, trying to navigate the terrain of someone else's life.
'Is it a holiday disease? Is it catching?'
“We had to go back to his house.” Gabe's eyes sparkled.
'None. Bad for liver.'
“Okay, you know it's our anniversary soon, right?” Jimmy kept his voice low.
'The whole thing was for my family! I left for my family. Just come out and say it, Dean, what is your PROBLEM?!'
Dean walked back to his room on tiptoe, trying not to wake Sammy. When he got there he stared at the gift his dad had brought him. He felt bad. He felt something toxic creeping up inside him, refusing to dissipate. The gift made him sad, he couldn't help it, and the sadness welled up, all the more volatile and bittersweet for being streaked through with guilt. Dean shouldn't feel sad, he should feel grateful. His dad was home, he and Sam would be taken care of, and his dad had brought them Christmas presents. All Dean could see was his nine-year-old self excitedly dumping the toys out of the box and inviting Cas and Benny over to build things. It was like watching an old home video of someone who had died. Dean put the box in his closet and climbed out onto the roof with a blanket where his strange sickly feelings could get some air. The snow had mostly collected in the gutters, so Dean was able to find a dry patch of shingle to sit on. He wrapped the blanket around himself and stared at the sky. His stargazing was interrupted when the light in Cas's room turned on. Dean's favorite part of living next door to his best friend was how the windows in their rooms faced each other. Dean loved miming at Cas through the window, or raising his voice to call to his friend when his window was open. Cas was staring out at him, tousle-haired, like he had just rolled out of bed. Dean sniggered at Cas' disheveled appearance and waved.
Cas shakes his head. 'I ate while you slept. Jo is a sensational cook.'
Sam closed his file ('Cave-Dwelling Creatures of Oceania; H-M') and sighed. 'Nothing. Cas?'
'Okay.' Dean finally spoke, his voice low, his eyebrows furrowed. He pointed to the card in the middle. 'This is your identifying card. The page of pentacles. You're either very serious or a student or both.' Cas raised his eyebrows, determined not to be ruffled and not to give Dean any feedback. Anna could have told him that. But Dean wasn't looking at him anyway. He was frowning at an upside-down card in the bottom line of the cross; a stern-looking king on a throne. He looked up at Cas. 'A pushy, manipulative man in your past. Probably your dad.' Cas sucked in a breath. No way Anna would have told him THAT. Before he could feel uncomfortable, Dean's attention returned to the cards. He tapped a card on the left side. 'Four of cups in the recent past. I'm guessing your studies or job really took it out of you in the last few months.'
'Right.' Kevin nods and hustles back to the oven as Dean grabs the lunch-laden tray and backs out of the swinging doors. Room service. Really. Why can't the guests just get their asses up and walk to the dining room? It's like a three minute walk, max. Dean walks as quickly as he can without alarming anyone. He walks down the 120s corridor, heading for bottom 70s. An open door, a cleaning trolley with a full laundry bag, and a tense voice bring him up short.
Cas sighed and shuffled the cards around, trying to focus on his future instead of Dean's legs or his own inner voice muttering
'I'll call Cas and fill him in, maybe he'll find something in the archives. We should go back to the crime scene and the sewer and do a sweep, see if there's anything we missed.'
'I'm sorry about your father.' Cas turns down a small dirt road and pulls in on the side. 'We're here.' He smiles at Dean and gets out of the car. Dean follows him out, carefully holding the cake.
Dean hangs up before it all gets too sincere.
The pastries were half eaten and Castiel's lap was covered in crumbs by the time he pulled in beside Inias' car in the parking lot of The Nursery. The Nursery was his pride and joy. When he had moved back to Birch Ridge after four long years at college, he had been lost and tired, ready for weeks of sleep and the soothing familiarity of working on his parents' garden. He had filled the house with seed trays, bulbs, forcing jars, paper towels covered in rooting succulent leaves, cuttings, and houseplants of all shapes and sizes. When his parents could no longer use the kitchen without tripping over planters, they had gently suggested that Castiel look for work in the local garden centre. This he had done, and he had taken over when the owner, Joshua, retired, changing the name from 'Birch Ridge Garden Centre and Nursery' to simply 'The Nursery.'
'It's a shortened version of my name.'
“They would only let immediate family stay. Sam was here, too, but he went to g – ”
Castiel cleared his throat. “Yes, I'm here. What is it?”
'I don't think so. Unless you have food for it.'
“Parading that shit around in front of him?”
But most of all, he remembered Dean. A silent boy. A fellow sidewalk-scribbler. A lighthouse at night. A friend. An escape route. A comfort. A blaze of freckles and fire and challenges and courage. A home. His home.
Sam talks over him. “Look, you may not swing that way but Cas is your friend, you ass, and if you could think with your upstairs brain for half a minute, you might have avoided absolutely bulldozing the feelings of the best friend you've ever had. He's family, Dean – ”
When Dean and Sam pulled up to the bunker coated with sticky, dusty Vegas residue, Castiel was nowhere to be found. Sam looked a little concerned, but Dean shrugged and assumed Cas had some sort of angel business to attend to. He sent Cas a quick text checking in, tossed his phone onto his bed, and went to the kitchen to make tacos.
Two days later, as he drives to the address Cas texted him, Dean rolls the windows down and takes stock of the scenery. The world is on the verge of summer, the trees look greener, and the spring flowers are dying back to make room for the furious blooming season ahead. Dean watches the neighbourhoods change: The buildings shrink, the streets gain character, the windows sprout window boxes, the chain stores disappear and are replaced with smaller, friendlier shops.
After many thank-you's and goodbyes, warmed through from being in Cas' house, the two of them walked back across the snowy lawn under the darkening pastel sky. Dean carried Gabriel's – ahem - charming and delightful gifts. Their shoulders brushed with every step.
'You fall in love with the wrong people. Make bad decisions. The usual. You know.'
He walked into the kitchen to see John Winchester sighing and looking through the cupboards. His dad turned, saw Dean in the doorway, and crossed the room to give him a tight hug. 'Dean.'
hanging over Cas like a mushroom cloud. Normally Cas would've said something by now.
to indulge his know-it-all brother by begging for information. He narrowed his eyes. 'Get in the car.'
'You have to unfold it to read the message, see?' He picked at a corner to show her.
John smiled and started pulling containers out from the fridge. 'Dean, where did all this food come from? There's practically an entire Christmas dinner in here.'
'Yes.' Dean snapped his fingers. 'That.'
Dean turned left, then right, and then they were driving down a smaller road lined with very old, very tall trees. The light in the car became softer as they drove through patches of shade. Bones tried to look out the window and left a nose print on the glass.
'Are you feeling any better?' Jo asks. Castiel cranes his neck to see Dean's reaction.
'Sorry, Sammy, I've got plans.'
The rest of December, Christmas, and the New Year passed and Dean's bad mood didn't lift. He was surly and bad-tempered, even with Sam. More than once Sam caught Dean staring intently at the phone, and on Christmas day Dean's temper was even more disturbing underneath his attempt to cover it up with a veneer of kindness. Sam saw Dean trying and failing to shake off Cas' absence and whatever else was bothering him.
Twenty minutes later and they're hopelessly lost. There's some sort of stadium on one side of the road, litter-strewn housing estates on the other, and a 24-hour Gas n Sip with half of its lit-up letters burnt out. Cas is squinting around for street signs and Dean is trying very hard not to laugh.
She leaned over and started sucking hickeys onto his neck, her hands tracing along the insides of his arms. He didn't complain. She pinned his wrists above his head and he bucked involuntarily under her, craving contact. Her hickeys were brutal and bruising and sharp. He gasped. She sat back and pulled him up, straddling his lap. He had a vague idea of what to do, so he wrapped his arms around her back and licked her nipple, caught the hardening bud between his teeth and flicked his tongue over it, then closed his lips and sucked gently. It was soft like velvet, warm, with the dusty tang of human skin. She gasped and ground down onto him. Her sex was warm and wet. He groaned and his hips jerked up uncontrollably. He pinched her other nipple between his fingers. Her hand found the back of his head and gripped his hair hard enough to hurt. With her other hand, she reached down between them and guided Dean into her.
“This hangover is experiencing ME.” Sam drops his head into his hands.
'Nothing at the moment.' Cas crossed over to Dean and shoved the potted plant into his taco-y hands. He looked at Dean expectantly. Dean looked back, equally expectantly, holding the dripping plant away from him. Cas didn't elaborate.
'Isn't it something,' Bobby quipped, picking up a fry, 'the zoo is this huge attraction and all kids really want to do is play on the playground.'
'Because. I've never been punched in the face. I want to know what it feels like. Plus, think of the awesome bruise.' Cas stared at him. 'Come on, just do it.'
“Thanks, Cas.” He took a steadying sip of room-temperature tea and they spent a moment in comfortable silence.
“Wha – ? Who?”
'I always said my good looks would be my making. How long do I have to sit still now?'
Sam waited expectantly. 'Aren't you going to go over?'
'I do.' Cas looks uncomfortable, like he's steeling himself for something. 'I could show you, if you want.'
Dean was different for a while after that. He didn't smile as much and he treated their dad differently. Sam couldn't put his finger on what it was, didn't think his dad even noticed, but Sam saw Dean's air of joyful admiration become thinner and wispier until it disappeared entirely. Dean still obeyed and did as John asked, but he was watchful where he had once been trusting, hesitant where he had once been enthusiastic. Dean used to treat their dad with respect bordering on reverence and while he was still respectful, he now kept his distance. When their dad left for his next job, Cas stayed over every night for a week. Sam fell asleep to their low voices like he had fallen asleep to their blinking flashlights.
Cas looks at him and smiles weakly. 'I might ask you the same thing.'
His hand was grasped in a warm calloused palm for a second or two, and Cas drowned silently in that smile. 'I'm Dean.' Dean. 'Nice to meet you, Castiel.'
“Attaboy. Let me know when you do. In the meantime... I've got a lunch date with some French toast. You want in?”
'Is something actually on fire?'
It was only later that night that he remembered Jess' Valentine. He smiled to himself and got out of bed to open it. It was a handmade pop-up booklet. Jess had cut out little wedges of card, folded them, and glued anatomically-correct human hearts onto them so that when Sam opened the pages, the hearts unfolded. Each one had a word written on it. 'Happy Valentine's Day, Sam. It will all work out. Love, Jess.' Sam felt like he was glowing.
Dean nods emphatically and makes thoroughly inappropriate noises around the garlic bread. He blisses out over the soup, too, and when Castiel brings out a slice of cherry pie, Dean is ready to sing a hallelujah chorus. Cas reaches over with a fork and takes a bite of Dean's pie, and Dean has to force himself not to jab Cas' hand. Or growl. Cas notices Dean's aborted movement and grins.
'What's got her knickers in a twist?' Crowley walked in.
They got back from their (totally awesome, in Dean's opinion) day out and Sam, flushed, ran up the stairs with his bag of nerd loot to get ready for Jess' barbeque. 'Thanks, Dean!' Sam hollered down. 'This is the best Independence Day ever!' Dean put the leftover fries and Sam's unfinished burger in the fridge. His smile faded at the thought of what he was going to do that evening. There were butterflies in his stomach. He went to the living room, sat down, and waited. For Sam to leave, for darkness to come, for the inevitable moment that would officially snap the wishbone of his oldest friendship. He was holding one end, Cas was holding the other, and Dean had felt the tension over the last seven months or so as they both pulled. It was time to break it, for one of them to get what they wished for and the other to be left holding nothing but broken, splintered bone.
'Which organs were missing?' Cas asked curiously.
'Nah, just visiting. The beanpole is my brother.' Dean waves his glass in Sam's direction.
'Alright. Here.' Dean handed Cas a stack of cards; larger than ordinary playing cards, thicker, and slippery. Cas took them gingerly. 'Concentrate on what you want to know and shuffle the cards around. You can just dump 'em on the table if you want. When a card feels right to you, hand it to me. Make sure to keep it facing the same direction. It matters whether the card is upside down or not.'
Cas was used to this. He always joked that Jimmy could read minds. “Sure,” he replied easily. They listened to Claire talking Amelia's ear off in the next room. The sound of laughter. Warmth, love, family.
Later that evening Bela, Crowley, Meg, and Alastair came over. Sam cast them a disgusted glance and slunk to his room. When Meg and Alastair were wrapped around one another on the couch and Crowley was outside smoking, Bela leaned over and tugged at Dean's belt buckle. At that moment, when the metal clicked and his belt loosened, Dean had an epiphany.
'No problem.'
'Where did you get this, anyway?'
'Look, I made a planet. I put some trees on it for air.'
'Is that a bad thing?'
The flight is quick, but hellish, and Dean leaves with shaky legs and sweaty palms. Sam is waiting for him at the arrivals gate.
'Sam rugby tackled me,' Jess teased, and used Sam's shoulder to stand up.
'Sure. I'll just bring it in tomorrow and leave it out for lunch.' Dean wants to thank Cas for bringing him to the overpass, but now that they're back, it feels dreamlike, and Dean doesn't want to burst that unreal bubble. 'I, uh...thank you too. For, you know.' He clears his throat and gestures randomly. 'See you tomorrow?' Cas nods and gets into the front seat. Dean lets Cas out first, watching him as he pokes his tongue through his teeth when he reverses. Dean fights a smile and waves as Cas pulls away. Cas waves back briefly, then he's gone. Dean still doesn't feel like going home. He checks the time. Is it too late to go see if Jo's okay? No, he can still show up and seem like a sane and reasonable human. He starts the car.
She let herself fall off him sideways and hit the mattress next to him with a whispered, 'Jesus. That was amazing.'
'It's alright. I really only did it for my parents. What can I say? It's useful. For instance,' he leans in closer to Dean. 'I know exactly where all your sweet spots are.' Dean shivers a little, and knows Aaron felt it. 'Come back to my room?' Aaron says, quietly. Dean can barely hear him over the music. Dean glances at Sam, then back at Aaron. And, for a second, he sees the brightest blue eyes. He shakes his head a little, and Aaron is still looking at him searchingly. Dean sighs.
'Hammy?'
They walked in silence, passing the bottle back and forth, breathing into cupped hands to warm them, until they reached the train tracks. It was a disused section of tracks bordered by woods on either side; a thin strip of young trees on one side and a slice of thick old-growth forest on the other. There was a plywood shack with a hole in the roof about ten feet from the ties covered in weeds and saplings. Year by year, the wood slats between the tracks were worn down by rot or termites or wood-cracking frost. As decrepit as they were, they held their shape. Their only remaining purpose seemed to be providing a place for teenagers to meet, make small fires, and play with spray paint.
When Dean returns with aspirin, Sam is sitting on the folded up sofa bed watching 'The Defender.' There's a console on the floor and also 'Lone Wolf  McQuade' on DVD. Dean takes two aspirin and opens a bag of licorice. And so it begins. For the rest of the day they watch movies, play video games, and argue good-naturedly about different characters. Dean cooks them dinner in the evening, and falls asleep easily.
Bela let out a loud false cough. 'Gay.' Dean flinched. The rest of the group snickered.
“So I was thinking of doing something special. I wrote a recipe for a pie that I want to dedicate to her and include in the book. Then I could make it for her on the day.”
'Dean, you call him Cas.'
“Sick?” Dean pauses. “He was in the hospital. Anyone would look a little sick. Hospitals smell like pee. And they're full of...sickness.”
'Hey! Castiel! I – uh – I didn't see you.'
Cas finished the last bite of cake and started to shrug his coat on.
“Hi, Amelia. How are you doing?”
Castiel's forehead creased in confusion. “Why does she need me for that?” He was only thinking out loud as he brushed his hands off, but Inias answered anyway.
'Want me to get the door?' Cas asked.
Castiel slid in his socks down the hallway to the stairs. This, he thought, was the best part of living alone. He could act as odd as he wanted and no one would ever know. He grabbed the banister and swung himself around to pound down the stairs and into the kitchen. He hummed as he  put the coffee on and watered all the plants. So many people had spoken of the dangers of bringing work home but Castiel couldn't help himself. He loved plants. Plants were odd and dependable and unique. They didn't just sit there like furniture, they breathed and moved and cleared the air of toxins. They followed their own rules and didn't let anyone push them around – put a cactus in peat moss? It would die out of sheer obstinacy. Plants knew where they belonged and acted accordingly: Most leafy things had more backbone than people did.
'I see it!' Castiel sounded excited. 'Whoa.'
“So he's tired.” Cas can't see him but he hears the shrug. “That's life.”
Cas raises his head and sees Dean in the doorway, and surprise registers on his face. Hester looks around. Cas looks so miserable that Dean doesn't even think about it.
There was hot breath in Dean's ear, flooding his senses with panting desperation.
'Bye-bye!' Sam echoed.
'Hey. Busy today?' Dean could kick himself. Seriously? He couldn't think of a better conversation starter?
Dean pointed at a card with a young man holding a goblet. 'That's the page of cups. It's my signifying card.'
'Right, Dean?'
Bela shrugged. 'Crowley's sister's? Who cares?' She pulled a condom out of her pocket and walked towards him, stripping off layers as she came, until she stood in front of him in her underwear. 'Well? We don't have all night. Take 'em off.'
Dean is in a clearing in the woods. It's dusk, the last light sliding down to the horizon. Trees hang overhead like stretching arms. He is alone but for an old rusted gas stove. 'Hello?' he calls. As soon as he speaks, he knows he shouldn't have. Misery overwhelms him. His heart is breaking, breaking, breaking in his chest. He crumples and clutches the stove-top to keep from falling. Birds erupt from the trees. The only thing that is real through the pain is Dean's hand flat against a burner. He pushes himself up and knows he must keep his hand on the stove at all costs. His heart wrenching, he opens his eyes. His father stands in front of him, hand hovering over the stove's igniter. Sparks swirls around them. Birds are still pouring from the trees and into the great bowl of the sky. Dean can't straighten up, can't stop the waves of sadness that are crippling him. He stares at his father and waits to burn.
Inias swallowed and shook the thermos, swishing the mixture around. Castiel saw some dark powder swilling at the bottom. “Two shots of espresso, evaporated milk, nutmeg, and brown sugar. I'm still not sure about it. Want to try?”
Dean huffed in frustration. He was too hungry for this, he just wanted to get away from the musty smell of reading. 'Suit yourself. Let's go.'
Cas exhaled slowly. 'Not hard. Are you
Right. Cas has always had trouble with the whole secrecy thing. He only has room for one reality at a time in his mind. It comes from being a creature with religious purpose and a hive-mind. It's why he's such a terrible liar. The nurse is looking between them a little suspiciously.
Dean smiles. He remembers that feeling. 'Hey,' he says, and nods.
Castiel poured a small amount of water onto the base of the Scots pine and felt soothed in empathy. He mixed fertiliser into the water for the last tree and left the middle one as it was.
'She'll be okay, she'll just have a wicked bruise,' Kevin tells Dean. 'She's tough.' Dean chews his lip and nods.
Dean rubbed his cheek. Cas imagined how his stubble would feel. 'Honestly? Not the same way most people do. I think it's more about letting people tell themselves what they already know, deep down. That being said, it can be freakishly specific.'
She paused for a moment, then said, “Let me check,” and dashed joyfully out again.
That is exactly the question running through his mind on repeat like a broken record on Saturday night. He's closing up and for once doesn't have the compulsion to bake. Instead, he's frowning at a box of slightly stale bread rolls and pastries that are going to be thrown out. What is he doing it all for? Exactly who is he helping? Nobody. His life is just him, and he isn't enough. He feels like a selfish bastard. And then a little voice in the back of his mind whispers, 'What's stopping you from helping people, Dean?' His eyes focus on the bread and he thinks of the homeless shelter downtown. What is stopping him? He doesn't hesitate, he hoists the pallet of bread into his arms and takes it out to the car. He wedges the pallet into the backseat, nudging some of the rolls near the edge. He manages to tilt the pallet slightly so that one of the corners is jammed up against the passenger seat, so it won't shift around. Satisfied, Dean slams the door and makes his way across the graveled parking lot to turn off the lights and lock up.
SPREADING SPREADING SPREADING
'Yes, I am.'
'Really.' And then he's gone, and Dean stands there by himself for a moment before returning to his amandine in the kitchen. He mixes absentmindedly for a few moments, then puts the mixture aside to start on the coulis for the top. Currants, yes, sugar, yes, water, yes, saucepan, yes, sieve? Dammit. Dean whirls around and scans the cleaned equipment, and everyone else's workstations. No sieve. He'll have to go grab one from the back of dish service. He wends his way among counters and walks briskly down the enclosed hall behind dish service, little more than a lino-paneled strip separating the guests' dining hall from the kitchen. He's halfway through when Castiel appears at the other end.
Bela scowled and ripped up a few blades of grass. Then her expression cleared. 'I have an idea for your fireworks.' She indicated Cas with her chin.
Dean hmms and goes back to staring at his coffee. Cas goes to his room. Hunger gnaws at him but he doesn't want to go back out and face Dean. Which doesn't make sense, because Dean almost always makes him feel better. Even when Dean rebukes him, is angry with him, punishes him with silence – Cas knows that he usually deserves it and the acid bite of Dean's anger somehow dissolves his guilt and regret. It's easier to focus on the sting of Dean's disapproval than it is to focus on his internal voice, or the world crashing down around him for the millionth time. But this time Dean isn't angry with him. Cas hasn't made any colossal mistakes, no biblical lapses in judgement. The hurt isn't bitter; it's bruising, sourceless, reasonless. He's confused. He focuses on his hunger and uses it to dislodge the image of a naked, gasping Dean on top of a naked, gasping woman from his mind.
'Bout time,' Bobby grumps. Dean disregards this, knowing Bobby is just nervous.
Dean narrows his eyes. 'Just go shepherd the newbie, Chuck, I'm not in the mood.' Chuck makes a face and shambles off. 'And you still have to clean this when you get back!'
Cas hesitated (Dean felt a crackle of
'This is Jo's friend, Charlie. Her mom and dad are friends of ours. Thought they could use a break for the day. She's a clever one. Like Houdini, right Charlie? This is Uncle John.'
Cas turned to face him head-on and nodded. 'Alright. I would like to let you know that I am romantically interested in you.'
He and Sam were halfway through a pile of soft-shell tacos, Sam reading a book propped up against his plate and Dean making obscene noises around mouthfuls of seasoned beef and really crisp lettuce, when Cas returned.
Cas eventually pulls back (
'I never had much time for romance.'
'Thanks. Can I bend them?'
'I'm going to go see.'
Dean grinned over chattering teeth. 'Christmas came early for you, then? Let me in, I'm freezing.'
'Hey Cas.'
'Knock yourself out. If you crazy kids aren't going to be here, I'll go grab something from the diner.' Dean ruffled Sam's hair despite vocal protests. Sam flattened it, scowling, as Dean strode past him and down the stairs again. 'Pleasure as always, Jess!' Dean called.
'What do you like about baking?'
A sharp noise splits the air and Dean and Cas both jump a little, drop their hands. A bearded face peers around the door. 'Scuse me, but where should we put this furnace?'
'Dean, can you just t - '
'Jo, I - '
Ellen used a plastic knife to cut Charlie's burger into chunks. 'You were probably like those two.' She nodded toward the playground. 'More interested in running around making noise and getting into trouble.'
Dean stares at Cas, amazed. 'Wow, you must've pissed him off pretty badly.'
John's expression went from torn to confused. 'Why - ?' He cut himself off. Dean thought maybe he didn't want to pry. Which was good, because Dean didn't want to talk to his dad about Cas' family. Cas was pretty private about that stuff. He rarely talked to Dean about his sister's bad days, he only did when things were too hard for him to handle by himself and he needed Dean to cheer him up. Dean waited. 'Never mind,' John said. 'I'll thank them tomorrow. You get some sleep, Dean.'
Cas nudged Dean back so he could pick up the frying pan and scrape the scrambled mess off onto a big plate.
Once the plants were watered, Castiel stood staring out the window and listening to the coffee dripping into the pot. The backyard was half-invisible through a curtain of mist, the huge old trees looming and sprawling like a vast slow army. The usually-rustling leaves were perfectly still and, if he squinted, the whole scene looked like a painting in shades of dawn-breaking purple and blue. He stared unseeingly at the expanse of lawn covered with childhood memories: The old tire swing that his brothers had insisted they put up after watching To Kill A Mockingbird, the tool shed that Castiel used to sneak cigarettes in, the flower beds their mother had so carefully pruned. Despite all of these memories, their parents had wanted to sell the house when Castiel and his siblings were all grown. Castiel couldn't bear the idea. Even though he was no longer dependent on his parents, the thought of losing their home opened up a chasm of fear between his ribs. After a week the anxiety was unbearable, so he'd sat his parents down and asked to buy the place before they put it up for sale. They'd called the real estate company to cancel everything and had offered their son the house outright, saying that they could afford a slightly smaller place with their savings alone, but Castiel had insisted on giving them a reasonable amount. He always felt he already owed them too much. Some things could never be repaid.
Castiel felt a rush of affection for the short woman in front of him. He was absolutely touched. He knew, without her having to say anything, that she'd made that choice for him. She always did encourage him to make friends. “I can't wait to meet them. So are you off on a whirlwind adventure?”
Those green eyes turned to Cas. 'Castiel. The youngest, right?' His gaze was open and welcoming.
'Dean - '
Dean didn't have to think. His hand and his mouth moved on pure instinct. He knew what he himself liked, he knew what felt good, and he watched and listened as Cas responded. He saw what Cas was feeling as clear as day, as if the very air Cas exhaled was an instruction. Dean rose and fell with Cas, curled against him, pushed a noise of his own against every one of Cas'. Dean moved faster, squeezed a little harder, and leaned in to bite and suck at Cas' neck. Cas let out a desperate gasp and his body hardened against Dean. Dean pulled back to look at Cas' face in the half-dark as he came, bucking and throwing his head back, eyes clenched shut. The bed frame squeaked in agreement.
Sam groans and Jess laughs.
'None.'
Dean takes a deep breath and braces himself against the counter. He exhales through his mouth and tries to calm his suddenly racing heartbeat. He looks around for something, anything else, to focus on. His hand moves automatically to turn on the oven. The light clicks on and Dean sets it to gas 5. He's on autopilot now, his body has taken over, it's like a reflex at this stage. Dean chops apples and sees blood. He cracks eggs and he can feel his father's disappointment when he stabs a fork into the yolks. He takes it all (blood, disappointment, responsibility, loneliness) and buries it all beneath a circle of shortcrust. Then he glazes it with milk, scores it with a fork, and puts it in the oven. Shoves it to the back of his mind, that corner where nothing ever moves. And when it comes out 40 minutes later, it's sweet and clean and Dean feels like he's accomplished something, turned all this blackness in him into something useful, something helpful, something soothing.
'Have it your way, Dean-o. Merry Christmas and all that jazz.'
“How are you, Cassy, really? You've been working so hard lately.” His mother looked at him with both concern and fondness.
'Yeah. So?'
Dean frowned sympathetically.
any more like a bad country song? Sam was sitting with a happy family. That was right, he'd gone to Jess' for the night. And then...Cas' eyes glittering with fury. Blinding pain. Blood on his hands. Cas' hands on Dean's face and...their mouths pressed together. Dean had whimpered. He had clung to Cas like a limpet and fallen apart.
She grinned. 'I made something for you too.' She reached into her bag and dug out a thick envelope. She had written his name in huge loopy cursive on the front. Sam's heart sped up at the twinkle in Jess' eyes. If Jess were an animal, Sam thought, she'd be a mongoose. She was clever and loyal and silly and the type of person who could behead a snake without flinching one moment and then cuddle the next. If she were a dessert, she'd be sea salt and juniper chocolate. Cas had brought him and Dean some back from Larned once, and after initial awe and disgust and double-dares, they had tried it and liked it. It was unabashedly sweet with a salty kick that stayed on the tongue long after the chocolate was gone.
'Yes.'
'Mhmm. And how many have you missed?'
Dean shifts uncomfortably in his seat and Cas can see that his chest is flushed at the opening of his bathrobe. “I can't remember her name.”
Castiel shuddered. “I feel like a witch doctor. A peddler of snake oil.”
Dean sprawled out on the ground and Cas sat down next to him. Dean resisted the urge to lean into Cas' body heat. He drank more whiskey instead. He could feel his lips going numb and tingly, could feel the spin of the earth. He handed the bottle to Cas. He felt the
'What are you doing?'
“Ahhh, no thanks. I'll pass.”
. I'm the one who's always here, I'm the one who deals with all of this!' His voice was louder now. 'I'm the one who watches out for Sam, who makes sure he has enough to eat, who helps him with homework, who deals with his nightmares and his problems.'
Bobby hides a smile. 'How's business? Dean told us you set up shop.'
Something in Dean had changed. Sam could tell that Dean was still angry, but it was the normal kind of anger, the kind that made Dean clench his jaw, not the kind that made Dean want to bleed himself dry. Sam could feel his brother coming back, just a little.
The low morning sunshine burst through the trees and flashed on his dashboard in a hectic binary pattern of light and shade as he drove past curtained windows and damp lawns and the occasional ruddy-faced jogger. Puzzle pieces that made up Birch Ridge. Home. For Castiel, being at home was essential. What he dreaded above all else was the loneliness and emptiness of other places. He'd had enough of that to last several lifetimes. When he walked through other towns or cities all he saw was dirt and death. Naked human need, sadness, lives half-lived, a hopeless sky heavy enough to crush him. That was why he lived where he did. The Ridge had a loneliness and an emptiness, of course, but the loneliness and emptiness of Birch Ridge was his loneliness and emptiness. When Castiel was at home, the outside matched his inside.
Castiel sighs and runs a hand through his hair before replying. 'Just tired.' Dean gives him a look. 'You're right. No, I'm not feeling very well.'
So yeah, he deserved to be left at Sonny's for two months. The thing was, being ripped away from Sonny's was somehow worse. He missed the big man himself, the solid presence of an adult in the house. He missed the wrestling team he had been so proud of, he even missed his rickety bed in the dorm. He missed Robin. He thought of her all the time; her laugh, her skin, how it felt to kiss her. Like belonging, like sweetness, like floating in zero gravity. But more than any of that he missed being seen by someone, really seen. His heart was broken.
'Rise and shine, sleeping beauty. Breakfast.'
Dean clears his throat. “Yes, it is. Can I...” He gestures to the shower. Cas nods, still confused. His confusion deepens as Dean removes his clothes and leaves them in a pile on the floor. Cas can't help but stare. He rebuilt that body. He isn't sure if that's what's making his heart beat uncomfortably loud and fast and hot in his chest. He can feel the heat spreading. Dean steps into the shower and they face each other. Cas is mildly embarrassed but mostly curious about the fact that his body is showing signs of arousal. He feels an alien impulse and is amazed when he realises that it's the urge to hide himself. He tries to find something else to look at, backs away from Dean until the tap digs into his lower back.
'Oh, you know. Got my hands full with these two.'
The unconscious victim woke up and the hospital called Sam and Dean (No, excuse me, Agents Roeser and Bloom) so they headed out to interview her about the attack. She was nervous and upset. After the whole spiel about how they would think she was crazy, she told them that the man was able to read her mind and somehow predict everything she was about to do. She added, shakily, that he had started to throw her own thoughts back at her before she had even finished thinking them.
The Impala growls as they pull in to stop for gas. Sam takes out his earbuds and stretches, yawning. As quietly as possible, Dean reaches back with a huge grin and sticks his finger into Sam's open mouth. Cas stares. Sam's mouth closes around Dean's index finger and he yelps, sputtering. Dean laughs. It makes Cas smile. He'll never get used to the way his lips twitch up as if someone has rigged them to his emotions with wires.
Cas' forehead furrowed. 'What?' Then, 'Dean, are you drunk?'
'Yes. The magazine listed typical actions that reveal romantic interest. The article said I should bring you flowers, compliment you, take you to dinner, and bring you a box of chocolates, among other things.'
Jess' house and yard were a hive of color and motion. Kids and adults alike were criss-crossing the yard and riotous laughter sounded above the babble. The sky was waiting impatiently for fireworks. Jess and Sam were eating hot dogs at a table with Jess' out-of-town cousins, talking about nothing in particular. Jess' tongue was purple from the grape soda and Sam wanted to paint himself that exact shade. He wiggled his bare feet in the grass. A gaggle of younger kids ran past shrieking and waving tiny American flags at one another. Underneath their shrill jubilation Sam heard the unmistakable roar of the Impala's engine. He swiveled his head, looking for the source of the sound.
Cas mumbles his answer into Dean's neck. 'I'm back in the old house with Bartholomew. I never got my chance to run. I look everywhere for my suitcase, but I can't find it until the very last minute. I see his outline at the door and I try to leave, but the suitcase is too heavy, so he opens the door and sees me.' Cas shivers a little. 'And then he follows me and breaks every bone in my body, one by one.'
Dean pointed to the second card. It was a huge overflowing goblet similar to the one from the previous card, but enormous. 'That's the ace of cups.' He rubbed his temples.
Cas shifts uncomfortably. 'Thank you, but that won't be necessary. I'll only be shadowing Hester for a few more days.'
He remembered sitting on the floor with his sketchbook. Concentration. Avoidance. The scent of new paper. The thought of going home. Half-suppressed noises of frustration. His backpack next to him.
Dean called Cas and put him on speakerphone so he and Sam could tell him about the woman's story. Cas sighed and agreed to keep trawling through the books. 'Thanks, Cas. Let us know if anything comes up.'
He heard Gabe's voice, even though it was muffled by his hands. “Compromising is right, I'll tell you. He had me up on the counter - ”
'No, why?'
'Come on, Sam, we're going out.' Sam jerked up as something heavy landed on his legs. His coat. Dean was shrugging his own on.
'Four sticks.'
'Hey, was that Aaron?'
He stares at himself in the bathroom mirror, splashes water on his face, and pretends not to notice the tremors in his hands.
'See you when you get back.' He straightened up and John started the car.
'No problem,' Cas answers, turning back to the film, but not before Dean sees him blush. Dean tries to bite down his smile. He takes a sip, lets the whiskey burn his throat, and tries to pay attention to the film instead of focusing on the smooth bulk of Cas' arms draped over his furniture. He's having a hard time keeping his eyes forward. He's not quite sure what's going on in this movie, he's been zoning out or talking to Cas for most of it, and now there's just this freeway full of stalled traffic, and the driver of this truck starts plowing through it. Dean winces at the sound of metal on metal. The car are being bulldozed, crashed into, crushed. It's supposed to be funny. But that sound. Dean can feel his heart speeding up. His palms are starting to sweat.
Jimmy was waking up, rubbing his eyes.
He stood, still a little woozy, and scrambled to the door as fast as he could. He threw it open, jaw set, prepared to fight, and was discomfited to be faced with an empty and silent house. Birds chirped outside. He walked quickly through the house, on high alert, until he finally found her.
John sniffed. 'Have you been smoking?' He came closer. 'Is that a hickey?! Have you been
A week later found the three of them exhausted, irritable, and sitting in the middle of a huge pile of reference books about cave-dwelling creatures, humanoid monsters, and tuberous plants. They had already ruled out shifters and dragons. The people who had gone missing from the tiny town of Lebanon, Kansas were not virgins and no one had seen any doppelgangers. The sewer-lair that they'd followed the monster back to after they'd seen it attacking a woman was clear of both gold and shifter skin goop. The only thing of note aside from a bed of dirty rags and old towels was a bowl of twisted green roots. The woman who'd been attacked was currently unconscious in the hospital, so no leads there.
Inias was already there, sipping what Castiel assumed was coffee from a glass thermos. He smiled at Castiel in greeting.
“That's what I said!” Dean exclaimed. “You should've seen Sam trying to figure out the shower though, I haven't laughed so hard since.”
'Hi,' he says, voice coming out more unsteadily than he meant it to. 'I thought everyone had gone home.'
Dean starts to walk towards the door, hitting the lights. He turns his head to look over his shoulder and beckons. 'You can tell me about it on the drive over.'
'Define wrong.'
'...he see it?'
After his parents left, Cas and Jimmy sat down in the kitchen while Amelia listened to Claire talking about feather patterns.
A couple days later, when the car and the moving van pulled out, Sam stood at the end of the driveway alone except for Cas' dad standing at the curb. They didn't look at each other. Dean's curtains were closed and Sam was trying not to cry as he watched the car filled with half a family drive away. Cas twisted around in his seat and waved. Sam waved back. The car disappeared. The sound of the moving van faded into the distance. Sam couldn't bring himself to go back inside. He and Cas' dad stood there. Not waiting. Waiting.
Was that Cas in the passenger side? Sam grinned from ear to ear. 'Cas!'
For the next week or so, Cas seems to be avoiding Dean. He won't meet Dean's eyes, and he comes in late to lunch and sits away from Dean, Jo, Chuck, and Kevin. Dean's puzzled, and something inside him feels sore and bruised, but he doesn't like to think about it. He doesn't pursue Cas, or bother him. He's not one to force his company on people who don't want it. He throws himself into taking care of Jo for a few days, but when Ellen returns and Jo goes home, Dean has nothing to focus on. He goes for long walks at night, alone in the dark and clear air, trying to shake off his frustration and disappointment. He calls Sam a couple times just to check up on him, he organizes a visit to Bobby's, he goes grocery shopping, he goes to work, he cleans his place, he looks up small business loans and how to write a business plan and none of it means anything. Exactly what is he doing it all
Cas cocked his head at Dean. 'Eggs.'
Dean wandered through the fences and brightly-twinkling windows of his neighborhood in the dusk, hiding the bottle in his jacket between sips. The sky was a swirl of purples, grays, dark blues, and streaks of fading orange. The cold nipped at Dean's hands and face. Typical. Thanksgiving: A time for family, togetherness, and counting your blessings. And what was Dean Winchester doing? Stumbling over the sidewalks, scuffing the rampant grass growing up through the cracks, balancing on the curb, avoiding his life.
For the next several hours, he moved through the warm, loamy scent of the greenhouse, watering plants that needed it, moving pots, trimming, fertilising, propagating. Plants were so easy for Castiel to deal with. Their needs were readily apparent to him, and anything he didn't know he could look up and learn. Humans were a different story, he thought, as the dark shapes of the customers passed by outside the greenhouse. Humans kept their feelings close to the chest. No wilting leaves to signify neglect, no brown patches from overwatering, no reasons as obvious as root rot or slugs to explain distress. Castiel had trouble figuring them out, especially when it came to romance.
Cas didn't say it out loud:
Oh. 'Right. Hold up, I'll grab you a tray.' Dean takes off, making his way over to a side cupboard. Hm, a tray big enough for ten sets. Which stack do the girls usually grab from? Dean hazards a guess and picks out a medium sized circular tray. When he gets back, Castiel is waiting for him in the same place with his back almost pressed up against the shelf.
Castiel grabbed the bag of pastries and ran. He heard Jimmy laughing as the door swung closed.
Dean shrugged and tossed his lighter from hand to hand. 'Call it what you want. I don't hear anyone complaining. Except you.'
Inias shrugged and lowered his voice. “But she won't give up. Besides, wouldn't your tea be a good business to have on the side?”
'Okay, I'm ready,' she chirps.
4th of July, 1996
There was a plump, friendly-looking woman waving at the end of a short driveway in front of a weather-beaten house that somehow managed to look simultaneously cosy and haunted. She smiled as they pulled up and greeted them with cheerful enthusiasm.
Dean looked back and forth between the two of them, uncomfortable, not believing what they were saying. 'You're not serious.' He waited. 'You are serious.'
Dean feels something inside him inflating, some half-dead hopeful part of him. 'In that case, I'm free now.'
They pay up and head back out to the car. Dean offers Cas some licorice. Cas accepts and Dean watches his chapped lips close around the candy. Dean tries not to imagine what Cas' tongue is doing. He mentally shakes himself. 'It's close enough, do you want to walk the rest of the way?'
Dean wakes up blinded again, but this time it's because he has a killer headache. His stomach rolls and he jerks up and stumbles to the bathroom to lean over the toilet. His stomach heaves and empties. Dean rinses his mouth and splashes cold water on his face. He shivers. Oh this is horrible. His hands and feet are freezing and the rest of him is overheated. He hears a groan from the next room, and wanders in, wincing in the light.
'Yeah, Dean, you've been holding out on us. Details.'
'Six thirty. I made it early in case they said I could go back to work.'
'I can make a planet and some aliens and we can play astronauts in space if you want.'
'Get a room, fags.' A crowd of their classmates walked by, Crowley and Bela in their midst. The one who had spoken (Meg something, Dean thought) looked at them scornfully. Every single one of Dean's muscles tensed. Uncontrollable. Irreversible. Dean knew Cas felt it. Dean was torn between relief and desperately wanting to take it back. Cas dropped his arms. Dean felt awful.
'Winchester, what is going on with you two?'
His traitorous feet brought him to Jessica's house. It was a beautiful suburban house just like all beautiful suburban houses, just like Dean's beautiful suburban house. A paper house. A paint by numbers house with a paint by numbers garden and, Dean imagined, a paint by numbers family. He stood on the green, green lawn and looked into the dining room window. The scene was framed like a photograph or one of those what's-wrong-with-this-picture placemats that kid-friendly diners always had on the tables. Dean watched his brother smile contentedly in the middle of someone else's Thanksgiving, someone else's family. Dean felt like he was dissolving into sore, soggy pieces. The night air hummed. The bottle of whiskey sloshed. The happy family was happy. Dean turned and walked back the way he'd come.
'Nnnn.' And there he goes, asleep again. Dean turns around and makes his way down the hall, stomach still moving uncomfortably, and passes his rumpled sofa bed on the way to the kitchen to get a glass of water. He sits at the table and takes small sips, and his headache abates somewhat. It's going to be a lazy day in. He fills another glass and takes it into Sam's room, leaving it on the bedside table. Then he sets to work. He finds a couple eggs, a tomato or two, and an avocado. When he opens the fridge, he's rewarded with spinach and what he thinks is goat's cheese. Typical Sam and his rabbit food. Scrambled egg it is. He searches the cupboards in vain for bread to eat with it, finding only tortilla wraps. That'll do.
'Dean!'
'Hey, you! Come give me a hug!' Ellen called. Dean smiled and wrapped his arms around her briefly, then around Bobby. John watched his son's face carefully. Dean was always smiling now, always easily affectionate and openly sincere. This made John anxious for two reasons. First, because seeing Dean so open was terrifying in a human way, like seeing a patient blithely awake for open-heart surgery, and knowing this made John think of how easy it would be for the scalpel to slip. Second, because John could never forget the period of nearly two years after Mary's death in which Dean had clammed up. It was a chafing razor's edge: Complete and utter vulnerability on one side, complete unreachable radio static on the other. Fear for his son and fear of his son pulled John's peace of mind in opposite directions and, even if he did not recognize all this himself, filled him with a vague sense of unease.
The doctor says it's deep muscle bruising, and that Jo needs to take it easy for at least another day before she can return to work. Dean helps her back out to the car.
“Yeah, I know, but Dean...does he look a little sick?”
Bela stared at him, then got up and stormed out, slamming the front door behind her.
'Nah. Medicine.'
Dean closed his bedroom door.
Dean is flying over the sea. Waves upon waves upon endless waves. The sun glints off the water, the water swallows the sun. Dean can see everything. Each waving strand of kelp, each fish, each grain of sand. He can see all the way to the bottom of the ocean, and he watches from the salt-speckled air. He's so thirsty. He knows he can't drink the seawater, but one little sip couldn't hurt, could it? He tries to lean down, to reach out, but he can't move. He's pinned up against the sky like a butterfly in a case. Panicking now, trying not to think about his lungs seizing up, he flails against the blue of it. 'Wait,' someone says. 'Stop, you're going to come loose.' Dean looks around wildly, and there, standing on the surface of the ocean, waves lapping at his feet, is Castiel, holding a glass of water. He smiles at Dean and throws the glass. Time stops. Every drop of water is held up in the air like a jewel, like a cell under a microscope. Castiel's smile is blinding. Dean wakes up, and now it's just the light through the curtains blinding him. There's a single glorious moment where Dean feels an almost overwhelming joy and then it passes and he's left feeling disoriented.
“Do you want to close up early on Friday and we can cook and chat?”
'No worries, brother. It's good to have you back.' The smile he gave Dean was genuine. His eyes crinkled.
'Of course.' Dean hesitates, then turns to go. Exactly what is that feeling in his stomach? Is that a guilty pang? He tries to shake it off. He has a kitchen to run, he can't be herding new recruits all over the hotel, despite what Naomi thinks. Still, he feels like he should do something.
Castiel leaned over Dean's drawing and drank it in. Something caught in John's throat. He walked over and ruffled Dean's hair. 'Almost time to go. Did you guys have fun?' He looked down at their drawings. Dean had drawn their house and family in blocky colors and Castiel had drawn his. The two drawings met in the middle almost perfectly. The line of colored figures resembled a paper doll chain, and Dean and Castiel (complete with scribbled chalk hair and clothes) were at the very center.
Now Cas looks confused. 'Aren't you and she - ?'
'What do you mean,
'Do you not like it?' Cas asked.
Sam was confused. 'What do you mean? I thought he was over here all the time.'
'You think I need it?'
'You too, Gabe. How's college?'
When he reached his own house it was dark and he was tipsy. He paused, then kept walking until he stood at Cas' door. He didn't knock, not wanting to deal with someone who wasn't Cas. Instead he touched the wall next to the door. It was rough beneath his hands. He walked around the house to the back, trailing his hand along the uneven surface the whole way. The light in Cas' shed was on, so Dean stumbled toward it. No, he wasn't drunk, it was dark, okay? For the second time that night, he stood outside a bright window and stared inside.
And that's how they end up pulling into the driveway of Sam's apartment blasting alt pop, Sam bopping along and Dean rubbing his hands over his wincing face. Dean may love his younger brother, but his taste in music is just abominable. Freakishly repetitive riffs are still echoing in Dean's ears when he puts his bag down in the front hall.
“That was the antibiotics, Inias.” Castiel tried not to sound waspish.
'Dean, Cas is back!'
Dean nodded. 'Sure. There's a coffee machine there if you need a hit.' He gestured to Cas and jokingly added, 'Step into my office, Cas.' Cas shot Anna a look, half blaming, half pleading. Now he was going to be all alone, at the mercy of this fine specimen of man who was either a delusional lunatic or a money-grubbing schemer. Anna gave him her best blank face in return. Ugh, fine. Cas followed the hot psychic down the hall and into the main room. Dean closed the door behind them.
He left her door open and the hallway light on, and went into his room. Getting ready for bed, he thought about what his parents had said. Everyone in his family wanted him to find someone. Everyone except him. He was happy – he had his family around him (everyone except Hannah, who had moved a couple states over for college and had stayed when she was done), he had The Nursery, and he was quite content to garden and blend tea and write cookbooks with his brother. He enjoyed going on solo holidays, eating dinner alone, watching movies in absolute silence, making jokes that no one heard....
'Jesus, Dean,' Bela laughed. 'What's wrong with you?'
Dean stood staring at the back-lit curtains, his heart pounding, his tongue thick in his dry mouth. He tried to swallow. His limbs felt stiff with terror. He tingled all over with sudden fear, but he could do nothing except watch the dark shapes move behind the curtain. There was a flurry, there was motion, there were fewer shadows, there was nothing. Dean saw Cas' outline for a single, stretched, infinite moment before the room went dark. Dean flashed a single word (-.-.  .-  ...) hoping that the light would penetrate the curtain. But there was no answer. Only stillness and the dark.
Cas scoffed. 'He doesn't. He bought it as a lark, he thought it would make him look more like a Don Juan. I think he can play a G chord and that's it. He's not the musical one, Anna - ' Cas cleared his throat. 'Anyway, he's going off to college soon, so no one is going to – you know. Do you want it? I could bring it over.'
Sam turned away from the brightly lit houses and peered into the darkness under the trees and hedges of the neighborhood. He had once read a story about all the forest animals getting together and decorating a tree with nuts and berries and flowers for Christmas. The illustrations had been beautiful. They had made the world look like a place Sam should appreciate more. He wondered what it would be like to be a small animal in the snowy night. He imagined warm furry bodies snug in burrows.
Dean raised his eyebrows. 'You swallow an encyclopedia or something?'
'Castiel, this is Dean. Dean, remember Castiel? From yesterday? His family just moved in next door.' John's voice was slow, simple, candy-coated. He assumed that because Dean didn't really speak, he didn't really understand. He finished his sentences with question marks because to him, talking to Dean felt like throwing pebbles down a well without hearing a splash.
Dean shook his head, aggravated. 'No, never. It looks human and reads minds, maybe it's another kind of djinn offshoot?'
Castiel felt his eyes widen. “Really? My first instinct when Gabe does that eyebrow thing is to glue them in place in his sleep.”
drive, Dean.'
. All you need now is a baguette and one of those flat hats.'
He rounded the corner as quietly as a fox, obviously feeling no need to announce himself. Dean saw the movement from the corner of his eye. Sam hadn't noticed, completely intent on his book. Dean didn't bother turning around. 'Hey Cas.' Sam jumped and his book faceplanted into his food. He sucked in a breath through his teeth and moved faster than Dean knew he could to pull the book up and wipe greasy stains from the pages. Dean snorted.
“You earned it,” Dean says around the lip of his own bottle.
'No, no, nothing like that, relax. We just haven't spent much time together lately. Quick phone calls once or twice a week don't really do it. I miss having my brother around.'
Some Months Later
Cas winces. 'I expected this job would be difficult, but I underestimated.' They've reached the car, a beige 80's job. Dean answers as they get in.
my employees for the day, least I can do is feed you.'
'Oh. Just Cas is fine.'
'I'm sure you can handle it,' Dean says. 'You're the most experienced attendant here. C'mon. I'm desperate.' He widens his eyes and gives her the Winchester smile. She caves, grumpily.
Dean lifted his jaw and looked him in the eye. The words snapped out of him. 'I said, what do you know about it? You're never here, you don't
“I could definitely try,' Castiel replied. 'Anyway, I'd better run. I'm late.”
“Sore. But functional.” Cas sits up. It takes more effort than he's used to. The nurse walks around to the side of his bed and examines him.
'I was busy with Sam.' Dean leans his arm on the window, and rests his jaw on his palm.
Crowley gave him a scathing look. 'Come on now, darling, you've got to be able to dream bigger.'
Cas mouthed at him.
When he finally does, it takes him by surprise. Dean's mixing kirsch into almond flour for redcurrant amandines and he's completely focused on blending when he catches sight of someone standing nearby out of the corner of his eye. He glances up, prepared to tell Chuck to deal with whatever it is himself, and is pulled up short by the sight of Castiel. Dean nearly drops his bowl.
Dean watched Cas' lips close around the neck of the bottle, watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed. Dean's clothes suddenly felt uncomfortably tight. He shook his head as if to clear it. It didn't work. 'Hey! I have an idea. Best idea I've ever had. Not really. Or maybe it is. C'mon, let's go.'
Dean gave up.
Bobby gives Dean a pat on the back and says gruffly, 'Nice work, Dean. I'm proud of you.'
'Wha- are you sure? I mean, I have GPS on my phone. Don't want to keep you from your beauty sleep.'
Dean felt Cas' presence eating into him like acid. His skin itched. He wanted nothing more than to run next door and throw himself at Cas, apologize, beg him to be friends again. The very thought made his stomach churn. How desperate and pathetic was that? Dean would not be the first one to try to mend that bridge. He had his pride. Cas was the one who had walked out on them. Walked out on Dean. He didn't go to the diner. Instead, he walked to Crowley's to find Bela. He knew she could drive the image of Cas' retreating back from his head.
Dean was taken aback. Was he happy about it? He was glad to see his dad, but underneath that he just felt kind of empty and sad.
When Bobby hugs Dean goodbye, after Sam has gone back in the house, he says, 'See you soon, Dean. And next time, I want to meet him. No arguments.'
'What are you doing here, Cas?'
Dean is in a car. A shadowy figure is driving and talking to him, but the words are muffled, as if Dean is underwater. The road ahead is far too dark and the corners are too sharp. Dean can feel some sort of presence in the backseat but he wants to avoid looking at it. It makes him feel sick with apprehension. The car begins to expand around them, and soon the sides of the car are all stretched thin. Thorny branches scratch at the doors and windows until Dean can feel sharp points pushing through the membrane. He hears Castiel cry out somewhere and looks around in alarm. Cas is on the ground outside, writhing in pain. His limbs thrash. His eyes are wild. Dean tries to call out to him, tries to break a window to reach him, but the air is thick and slow and his words are lost. The window doesn't give. The shadowy figure who was driving is picking Cas up and swinging him over his back in a fireman's lift.
Their faces are blurred. Cas loses consciousness.
'Want to share my stocking?'
Cas narrows his eyes slightly and adds, 'You'd do more harm than good at this point.'
Sam perked up. 'Yes! And even if she says no you can always run away and stay at our house. You don't even have to sleep on the couch. You can have my bed, or Dean's.'
Ten seconds later, Dean nodded and they all started lighting fuses. The first fireworks from the park burst overhead. Their crackling and joyful whistling filled the air. Dean, Cas, and Benny jogged over to Sam and Jess and they waited, smiling, staring up at the huge bursts of light in the sky. Their fireworks caught with sizzling noises and rocketed skywards. Sam gasped as they burst and filled the sky with a riot of burning colors. He looked over and saw Dean leaning into Cas.
“Cassie! Here for breakfast? Hey,” he checked the clock above the counter, “shouldn't you be at work?”
“Oh, you know, same as always. Run off my feet with - ” She was interrupted by Claire running into the room and grabbing Cas' legs in a hug. Amelia chuckled.
Dean smacks his ass on the way out. Cas laughs.
'I - ' Dean couldn't speak.
The cry is drowned out by a hot wet growling right in his ear. He falls backward and the werewolf falls on top of him, hard, knees up to smash into Cas' stomach. His stomach cramps up as if to vomit but there's nothing there. Cas tries to gasp in pain or yell or even breathe, but his lungs won't inflate. Stuck. Frozen. He tries to inhale, panicking now, arms flailing uselessly at the werewolf's snarling face. The werewolf pulls its arm back to drive it into Cas' chest and a shot rings out.
It clicks. That explains everything. 'No, no. No. She stayed with me for a few days when she messed up her leg, yeah, but that's all.' So that's why Cas was avoiding him. It takes a second for that to sink in, and a warm glow starts to build in Dean's chest. Cas looks relieved, and Dean grins rakishly at him. 'Is that why you didn't talk to me for a week?'
It was long. Though it was only eight weeks, it seemed endless. Sam loved Uncle Bobby and Aunt Ellen and Jo but he missed home. He missed Dean, he missed his friends, he even missed his school. After the first few days, filled with phone calls and letters and unpacking, he got to go to school with Jo and Charlie for the tail-end of the school year. They spent all their time together; doing homework, watching movies, playing in the junkyard when Aunt Ellen wasn't there to scold them for it. Sam loved sitting in the old cars, the smell of leather and metal, the dusty air, the cracked windows. He, Jo, and Charlie would clamber all over the cars like they were a jungle gym until they got tired and would sit in one of the less-dilapidated cars to play cat's cradle or fold fortune tellers.
Dry, this one said. Thirsty.
'Uh-huh.'
'John Winchester, your boys are angels and you know it.'
'How has Dean been, actually?' There was a deep concern underneath Bobby's neutral tone.
Cas looked at him as they reached Dean's door and Dean met his eyes. He felt like Cas was trying to tell him something wordlessly. The air around them smelled like snow, the lights from both their houses lit up the burgeoning dark, and Cas was staring at Dean like he couldn't find the words to say what he meant. Instead, Cas reached out his hand and brushed along Dean's jaw with cold fingertips. Cas' gaze was so piercing that Dean was surprised his hand didn't go right through him. He leaned into the touch.
“Morning! How are you?”
Cas frowns as he remembers. “I was having trouble breathing after that wer – ”
Dean did his best to relax. He watched Cas' face soften. After about 15 minutes Dean was zoning out, not really paying attention, so he almost didn't hear Cas say, 'I humored her all the time. When she first started talking about it? I shouldn't have. I should have – I don't know.' His voice was distant.
Dean stared at him, nonplussed, refusing to egg Sam on. He preferred to stay on terra firma, not get into philosophical discussions about whether or not destiny was real. “We are. We bought this house. You put the address in the GPS.”
As soon as Dean relaxed in the cookie-scented warmth, Cas emerged from the end of the hall wearing a sweater to rival Gabe's. Dean tried as hard as he could not to laugh.
Dean feels electrified, hearing Cas say his name. 'Hm?'
Bobby grabs another slice of zucchini bread.
'No, you're not,' says Chuck reasonably, supporting her and staggering to the back door. Dean stares after them anxiously.
'Fine.' She turns to Castiel. 'When you get back, go to 160, see if any of the newer girls need help.' Castiel nods, and leaves with Dean. Dean motions for him to follow with his elbow, and when they're far enough away, he exhales.
Jess is wandering around the room, delightedly poking at the plants. 'I could
Crowley clapped him on the back. 'Good. Hate to think of Dean Winchester as a coward. My whole life system would be shattered. Can't have that.'
It was just a normal room, oddly. A couple couches, a coffee table, a big window, a bookshelf. Cas looked over at the bookshelf, expecting to see titles like 'Palmistry for Dummies' or 'Healing Crystals' or 'The Miracle of Astral Projection.' Instead, it was filled with battered old novels. A lot of Vonnegut and Bradbury. A couple by Lovecraft, one by LeGuin, and an illustrated copy of The Hobbit. Stairway to Heaven. A book of concert photography. Nice. Cas turned around to see Dean staring at him curiously, so he broke the silence. 'This isn't what I was expecting.'
On the drive back, Cas wants to lay his hand over Dean's, fingertip to fingertip. He looks out the window instead.
'How is Anna?'
They were already talking.
“Don't be a di – ”
In the heart of the old neighbourhood, almost exactly 150 years after Birch Ridge was named, Castiel Novak woke with a twitch and a gasp, and something was set in motion.
Crowley smirked. 'Sorry, princess, didn't know your reputation was at stake.'
When John turned on the game and Sammy went to go read his new books in the sanctity of his room, Dean waded through the sea of wrapping paper, pulled on his boots, and plunged out into the freezing yard. He dashed across to Cas' house, shivering without a coat, and rapped on the door. The hanging wreath swung as the door was thrown open and Dean was temporarily stunned by the most horrifically garish Christmas sweater he'd ever seen. Bright red, the kind with blinking Christmas lights embedded in a crude cartoon of Rudolph.
The last one hummed only hunger.
'Yeah. Right here.' Dean indicated his cheek.
Dean feigns deafness. 'More shots!'
“That's because it's delicious,” he protested, and his phone rang.
Cas brings him out a bowl of steaming soup and a small plate of garlic bread. Dean scoots over on the couch so Cas can sit down. 'You want some?' Dean asks with his mouth already full.
Castiel is quiet for a moment, then looks around. 'Are these the face cloths? I'd better run back.'
Cas looks surprised for a moment, then smiles, eyes crinkling at the corners.
'Think you could take him back to the accommodation people? He's new.'
He grabbed Bela's hand gently to stop her. She looked up at him, confused, wary, trying to find his angle. There wasn't one. His eyes were wide open. He shook his head.
'Cheesy?'
'Shoot.'
When they got home, Dean put Sam to bed. Dean looked distracted but Sam could tell he wasn't mad because he even tucked Sam in, which he hardly ever did.
“Have you MET his friends?” Cas protested mildly. His parents chuckled.
Cas turned away from the window for a moment and came back with his sketchbook and a marker.
Jimmy hastily choked back a laugh, and Castiel imagined him ducking around the corner so as not to get caught spying. “I think they saw me,” he whispered. “I'll see you later.” And he hung up.
'Because. I can't take any more of your moping. Let's go look around at the lights on the block. There's no point just sitting here waiting.'
'Don't bother,' Dean spat. 'You'll be too busy with your new freakin' fantastic life.'
'Hi, Ungle Dawn,' the flame-haired girl responded, and patted the air in his direction.
The first half of the day passed in an overheated stupor. Dean drew stick figures and spirals on the desk and tried to care about the remedial classes. Mostly he watched the hands on the clock move. When the bell rang for lunch, he found Crowley outside on the edge of the field and they sat in the shade of a beech tree and shared a cigarette.
They spent the afternoon eating pizza, talking about birds (or listening to his niece talking about them, in Castiel's case), and playing with small plastic dinosaurs. Castiel used a different voice for each dinosaur, and Claire had special requests. He occasionally heard thumping noises and a bark or two from next door, but didn't really want to go over and introduce himself when Claire was here: He was too busy enjoying their evening and wrecking his vocal chords with dinosaur voices to make her laugh. There was nothing he wouldn't do to keep her safe and happy, as bright and full of love as she was now, Castiel thought, watching her yawn.
The kid's eyebrows shoot up into his ragged hairline. 'Uh. It's down that way.' He points. 'Take the second left and then a right, and it should be around there.'
As he turned to go get changed and brush his teeth, something caught his eye. The spider plant on top of the china cabinet didn't need as much as care as the other plants, so it hung from the ceiling in a corner, out of the way. This morning, though, something was wrong. Castiel could feel it like a physical presence. The plant was wilted and off-colour. The wrong-ness leaked like invisible fumes from the pot and stretched beseechingly toward Castiel. Help me. He heard the request as clearly as if someone had whispered it in his ear. Frowning, he reached up, lifted the pot from the hanging basket, and brought it down to eye level, its spindly drooping leaves twirling and catching on the sleeves of his bathrobe. He examined it, turning the pot, the wrong feeling curdling in his stomach, dark and murky. The plant was less than perky and the soil definitely looked odd. What was that on the surface, among the lower leaves? Mildew? He touched it and it dissolved beneath his touch. No, not mildew. Ash. Castiel recoiled and nearly dropped the pot. For a moment all he could see were leaping flames. He shuddered. The plant suffered in his hands. The ash coated his fingertips.
Slapping his hand lightly, Missouri rolls her eyes at him and huffs. “Dean Winchester do you take me for a fool? It don’t take a genius to figure out that one plus one equals three,” she nods at his belly, then softens. “He doesn’t have many friends, sweetheart. It’s just us; me, Celeste, and the others who work in the hospital. We care for each other, and that’s how I know how much you’ve changed him. I know you heard mention of his trip this weekend. Any other time before you, he woulda been gung ho, packed his bags and been the first one to arrive at the conference. Now? Do you know he’s spent the last two weeks searchin for someone to go in his stead? That’s probably why he’d put off tell’in you…You may not have met in the best of circumstances, but I think you made the best of it.”
Chuckling humorlessly, he turns to face Bobby again. “The same person who cut ties with me a few months ago. The same person who came to my door Friday night and knocked me on my ass without saying a word. The same person you’ve been telling to check up on me.”
He can feel Cas tense at his words, his whole body going stiff behind him as Dean waits with baited breath. The arm around him finally slithers down to find one of Dean’s hands, interlacing their fingers as Cas pulls himself flush against Dean again. Not hiding anything. Dean fights a moan at the feeling of Cas’s erection pushing firmly against his backside.
He must’ve stayed silent too long, wrapped up in the feeling of random little kicks to realize that Sam was staring at him curiously.
Again, he gets a weak nod, but when he moves to remove Dean’s hoodie first, grabbing the hem from the bottom and intending to pull it up, Castiel gets his first emotion from Dean since having walked into his apartment. But unfortunately, that emotion is
Dean almost exclusively bottoms now, a fact which makes them both
“I guess this is what I get after making you do all the work last night, huh?” he snarks back jokingly. Only he get’s maybe two whole seconds to laugh at himself before a deep thrust has him cursing loudly and straightening up. “Fuck. Okay then, I’m going.”
He drags a tired hand down his face, trying to get his shit together so he doesn’t fall apart again in front of his brother.
“Don’t be absurd. You can’t stay here, Dean. The smell will eventually trickle throughout the house and will most likely linger for hours if not days. Unless your willing to test the theory?”
“Harder,” he grunts, digging his heels into the backs of Cas’s thick thighs. Who knew Russians were this
Cas’s arms tighten around Dean’s stomach, and he kisses Dean’s neck again. “You’re twenty weeks today, Dean. Five months,” Cas’s voice trembles with happiness, and Dean blinks in mild astonishment.
Nodding his head to himself, he realizes for the first time how they smell. With their combines, matching scents of contentment and over the top happiness; they actually smell
“Come on, Dean. Don’t be difficult,” he teases, climbing onto the bed to lean over Dean.
When he sees the lights in the window waiting for him, he waves Benny off and eagerly follows the pathway to the door. Fucking finally. Today had felt longer than yesterday, and he was absolutely positive that that was not physically possible. Not with the way he and Cas were up at all hours of the night.
“Sounds good to me. And Cas? Yes, that shit in the past sucked. I won’t deny that. But knowing what I know now? Getting this? I wouldn’t change it for the world.”
“Tell me if it’s too much,” Cas says cautiously, a hesitant finger begins to nudge it’s way in with the other two. “Don’t want to hurt you.”
Goddamn he did not see that coming. He was so sure, his mind was so set on having a boy. Now that he knows differently, he feels like he needs to reassess everything, rethink everything. In the beginning he’d been afraid of the idea of having a girl because he’d only grown up and been around boys. The idea of having a girl was so crazy to him, pretty much out of his league and out of his comfort zone in the way of his very narrow life experiences. A baby girl was a completely new concept. He had no clue what he would do if he had a girl.
