John knew the next line by heart and smiled as he beat Sherlock to it. “I shall feel all the happier when I see you again.”
It irked him to think that his best friend had never shared a word about past relationships, friendly or otherwise. While Sherlock flayed everyone else to the core and saw their secrets, he kept his own close at heart, or head. Stuck somewhere in his bloody Mind Palace.
appearing in his mailbox. No flaming bags of dogshit and scrawling graffiti on his stoop. Still, old feelings tormented him like stains on a ceiling that could never be obscured, no matter how much fresh paint was applied. There’d been years where getting the mail was a daily exercise in learning how to breathe through white-hot rage and the desperate, frightened flare of humiliation.
Adrenaline mixed with relief rushed him in a wave, and for the first time in a long time, he felt good.
Standing next to the stereo, a glass of red wine in hand, was a man maybe half a foot taller than John. He was dressed in a soft-looking black sweater with the sleeves rolled to the elbows to reveal strong, pale forearms. His dark hair was shorn shorter at the sides, and looped in thick curls over his forehead. When he looked up to see Mike and John approaching, John was caught in his intense, blue-green gaze.
“No longer in hiding, then? That’s good to see.” Peter held out his hand in greeting, like he and John had been friends back in the day.
“Rose,” John says, and his lips curl into the slightest of smiles. “Though I call her Rosie. Silly, innit?” He still doesn’t look at Sherlock.
John nods, his eyes stealing to meet Sherlock’s and then away. He drops to his crouch over the drawers and continues placing god-awful jumpers in them.
Sherlock slides one arm over John’s chest, and lays his head on the pillow, where he can keep the doll in sight until the dawn arrives.
He almost laughed out loud. “Okay, you know what? I’ll go. But just for one hour, and not a moment more.”
“You and Anita are an anomaly, and you might only have another six months left before she finds out about the moped.”
John doubled over with laughter. Every inch of him quaked, shaking loose years of tension in places that he hadn’t even known were tense. He hadn’t laughed that hard in ages, and when he straightened, eyes wet, he placed his beer on the nearby shelf.
It’d been years since he’d allowed another person to penetrate him, but he was ravenous for it, and had a drawerful of dildos that gave him experience. He threw one leg over William’s hips and pressed the head of William’s cock to the ring of muscle. Using his weight, he let himself sink, just a little. He drew in a deep breath, bore down, and sank a little more. William watched him with an intense gaze, his cupid bow lips parted. His large hands covered John’s hips, warm and weighty. It took time, but when the mushroom head popped past the opening, John whimpered. The pain was a sharp jab that subsided into a delicious pressure, a promise of being filled and fucked.
“Oh, c’mon. She says she’d love to see you. Anita’s coming, too, and she wants to see you. We would have had you over for dinner, but Molly had already planned this thing. It’s been a long time. I really hope you’ll come.”
“That’s some low-hanging fruit and a terrible excuse.” John pulled off his gloves and closed the medkit. “You’re going to have bee-stung lips for a bit. Like Angelina Jolie.”
“I know...it’s just that...this is an enemy without a face. It’s nothing I can...guard you from without locking you in my bedroom.”
He sank to the floor, the crash still echoing in his ears. The walls seemed to press in close, constricting. He groped into his pocket to find his phone. Who would he call? The police? The only one he trusted was Sally Donovan. Since his arrest, he’d avoided most cops like the plague. Wouldn’t anyone?
John’s eyes stung. His comprehension stuttered, his mind reeling with the implications and the expression of sentiment. “You...knew who I was? That far back?”
“Yes! Who took care of the folds in your face? I must know.” William grinned, his eyes glittering. His volume in voice matched that of Peter’s. The change dumbfounded John.
A shivery feeling in his gut crept upward, settling into the tendons of his neck. The return address was… his. From his old place in Hamden, Connecticut. Where he’d lived with—
William snorted as he wiped his face. He looked over at John. “I need to use your optic nerves now. Did I miss anything?”
Sherlock sucked his lips into his teeth. His eyes glimmered. “John. I know now that I was wrong. I can only hope to do better.”
“He’s an odd duck,” Dr. Chowdhury said. John nearly jumped, but he kept his surprise under wraps. “But a good duck, if there is such a thing. Most ducks are pests. Let’s take our seats. The speakers are about to begin.”
Like the owl devouring the mouse after its silent flight. “You - you can’t just -” He pumped his fists open and closed.
Sherlock’s tongue lays numb in his mouth. He couldn’t shout for John if he tried. His breath has turned shallow, and his body is still, as if he could disappear, camouflage right into the sheets.
“Listen. I know it might be a bit much at first. I suppose. But you know, it might do you some good. Why don’t you come for one hour? I’ll buy the first round.” Mike winked. God, it felt good to be talking to Mike. Almost as if all the intervening years and all the shit that went with them didn’t exist for a brief moment in time. Ella would cheer him on. Tell him to go.
When he was able to open them again, he found himself wracked and worn, slumped over William with a sticky mess between them.
“He was telling me that I should go after what I want. That I should - confess my feelings to the object of my affections.” Sherlock’s gaze met his A sting at the back of John’s eyes alarmed him, even as his throat thickened like it was full of wet, earthy loam.
Sat in his chair, temple on his fist, facing Sherlock's chair. Whenever the image of his friend’s head and blood on the sidewalk interrupted his thinking, he redirected his thoughts to pathways in the lungs. Breathing involves the diaphragm - it contracts, creates a vacuum, a space, where air can rush in and the lungs expand. To exhale, the diaphragm relaxes and moves upward. Expansion and contraction, like the gentle opening and closing of butterfly wings.
It was explosive and shocking. It was the collision of tectonic plates. All the pent up desire and growing tension met in a clash of limbs and sweat and humid breath. The sensations were overwhelming but John gave himself over to it, his body writhing and whining in a way that felt deliciously filthy.
Doctor Chowdhury seemed more concerned over the level of wine in her glass. “I’ll let you two get acquainted while I refill.”
He licked his lips and tasted salt. His mustache held tears, the prickle of hairs still foreign to the tip of his tongue. “They thought she started at the hospice. Those old folks from the photos didn’t have families coming to visit them. She killed the elderly people as a way of
John flushed, but he smiled. “Shut it.” He fell onto the bed beside his lover and stretched. Sherlock watched him. John turned on his side so that they could look at each other, marvel at where they were, what they had done. Consider where they might go.
Sherlock’s face grew shadowed, his eyes unfocused. “I was running past. Must have incited the thrill of the hunt in him. He was otherwise a good dog.”
Sherlock doesn’t move. John is still lost to that faraway place, sunk somewhere in his memories. And Sherlock is dying to know but he doesn’t hurry John along. This is delicate. This is like holding shards of glass without cutting your hands.
“Yeah.” John rapped his knuckles against the bar. “Just...I never thought I’d even date anyone again. It’s surreal that I’m with someone. We’re...we really click. He’s amazing, you know? I’ve never met anyone like him. I hope...I want it to last. I can’t imagine myself with anyone else.” He balled his fist and pressed it hard into the palm of his other hand. “But I’m also...it scares me.”
The stairs creak beneath John’s weight as he finally comes down, and then he’s in the doorway. He leans against the doorframe with his left shoulder and temple. His scarred side.
William let out a shaky breath as his eyes closed. “I shouldn’t have—I shouldn’t have forced you to say it like this.”
“It’s strange how people can ascribe supernatural traits to inanimate objects simply because they have a face,” Sherlock says, still watching John from his periphery. “It’s not alive. Made of composite parts and fabric. Styled to look like someone’s ideal person, if I had to wager.” He thinks for a moment of a beauty pageant he once saw on the telly. Small girls - live children - paraded on stage in adult outfits and caked on makeup. Like living dolls.
He scratches behind one ear as his eyes duck away. “I, um, I found a pawn shop, and I sold the doll.”
John stood and took the book from him. He thumbed through it until he found the line he was looking for. He had been wondering how to tell Sherlock that he loved him, too. Nothing had seemed enough, not even the three little words strung together in order. But, this...Sherlock would understand. He’d know what John meant. He opened his mouth and recited, “‘Honor with your presence the man who, if only he were free, would go a thousand miles to throw himself at your feet and never move from there.’”
John is upstairs, in his old room. Sherlock’s near forgotten about the room, now that it only holds some of their extra things, things Sherlock has already prowled and poked through.
“One night, Dad came home from the pub, and he...he must have been in the kitchen and maybe they got into a fight. Most of the neighbours didn’t hear a thing. And honestly, they didn’t fight all that often, at least not while us kids were there. Someone heard a scream, but they couldn’t tell what house it came from. Didn’t think anything about it until the cops went around asking questions.”
Sherlock squeezed his arms one last time and released him. “John. ‘I cannot help loving you more than is good for me.’”
His heart pounds against his breastbone as he approaches the door. No light shines from the keyhole or the crack beneath the door, but when he raises his hand, he can feel the heat as it radiates through the knob. He pulls his hand back.
Shouts reached his ears. A thump sounded on the other side of the shelter entrance. John threw open the doors to see a knot of men slam into the opposite wall, cracking the new plaster with a resounding rip. Two men pinned a third, while a fourth barreled fists into the belly of the pinned man.
“I’m just saying, you’ve been in a sulk, and it’s not just anxiety over this whole having to stay inside all the time thing. You look at your phone like it’s going to bite you.” She smirked at him in that knowing way that he used to find endearing. “He can’t bite you through the phone.”
“It’s just that…” He breathed out. Stared out the windows at the rays of the sun hitting the dirty asphalt of the parking lot. He hadn’t minded parties as a student, of course. Always content to linger on the edges, drinking beer, chatting. It’d been great fun. There had been marathon movie nights at Molly’s that included drinking games, and themed parties at Mike and Anita’s. John had refused to dress up for those, but he went. With Mary.
William’s smile grew broad. He stood from the sofa and scooped John into a bridal carry. John yelped and tightened his hold around William’s neck.
“I am... I was not a person accustomed to regimentation. I did twelve weeks of boot camp and I strove to succeed at it because I refused to fail. It would mean crawling back to my father. Neither he nor my brother could find me, and that suited me just fine. The physical aspect was no contest for me. I trained hard. I had always enjoyed pushing the limits of my transport. Even the sergeants’ yelling didn’t faze me. Their brains were tiny. It was rather like having very large mosquitos buzzing around me. Now and then I told them off and earned a punishment, but it wasn’t long before I could tell them things they wanted no one else to know, and so they learned to leave me alone.”
us. He was convinced they were going to put us in a ‘FEMA concentration camp’ complete with gas chambers, if things got really bad.”
“What really shook us up was him. My fa—Hamish Murray had a drinking problem, and it got worse. He hit my mom, and he hit me. One night, after a hurricane had gone up the coast, he got out his gun, and he was crying… He was saying he should shoot me and her before the government gassed us. I mean,
“John, hi. This is Rebecca.” Doctor Rebecca Baker was a supreme professional, and John admired her work ethic. “I’m afraid to inform you that one of the nurses here has tested positive for COVID-19. And what’s more, I’m afraid I need to ask you and your family to self-isolate for two weeks.”
Sherlock sits in the chair. Flames flicker the fireplace. Shadows stretch up the walls like they’re rising from their beds, extending and distorting long limbs and fingers. Demons distended along the halls of hell.
This wasn’t a conversation they could have over the phone. He needed to read William, for as enigmatic as William could be in his expressions, John found he could read the man’s body language.
He hadn’t planned to return to Connecticut the following weekend...but if he got the job, it might be prudent to do a little apartment hunting, right? He’d scraped together a bit of savings and would probably have to use it all for a deposit and rent, but the salary of the job wasn’t terrible. He could build his savings up again, and more.
He couldn’t. Not yet. He wasn’t ready to let the poison spill and possibly contaminate this. Possibly stunt what this could become.
He kept his rising panic at bay by focusing on the green, sumptuous, satiny dress that wrapped about her shoulders and touched the floor. A shawl the colors of a peacock’s feathers draped her neck and shoulders, and an ornate, beaded clip held her hair back.
Well, it wasn’t as if the precedent for disappointment wasn’t there in the relationship. He hadn’t shot any of her friends or hid a background as someone who murdered people for money, so it wasn’t as if he was in the wrong here. Maybe he’d slowly bore her to death in revenge, and wasn't that the kicker?
“I can’t believe it’s been a year,” John said. The delicious buzz of alcohol worked through his bloodstream as pleasantly as a breeze on a hot summer’s day. “It seems like it went by so fast.”
John’s stomach seized with cold as heat burned behind his eyes. Goosebumps pimpled over his arms and across his shoulder blades. William’s grip was tight.
“Then you’re probably fine. I, um, god John, you know, this is unprecedented. But I have to ask you to please do this. For two weeks. Have your wife inform her job. I’d be happy to write a letter if she needs one.” Her exhale through the phone was long and frustrated. “I’m not really asking you, John. It’s mandatory.”
“Yes. I’m in the downtown area.” He’d ended up taking the one-bedroom condo. The neighborhood wasn’t too awful, and the condo came furnished. It belonged to a man who was jailed for tax fraud, according to the man’s mother, who was renting it out. It suited him perfectly, with restaurants within eating distance—once he started making any money. For now, it was canned beans, ramen, and cereal.
snow. John did his best to copy the Connecticut accent, but it took time to hide his drawl. Still, switching high schools in ninth grade hadn’t been too bad. He was quick and skilled on the sports field, and that tucked him right in with the more popular kids.
“Yeah.” John tried to think of anything else he could say, any other advice he could impart. Planning for the future wasn’t his strong suit. Not anymore. Not ever, probably. Plan a couple months ahead, sure. Further than that was bonkers. But saying “you can only live in the moment,” sounded either too trite or too New Age-y, and he wasn’t looking to give either impression. “Um, lead a horse to water and all that.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry for you,” Sherlock croons in his ear. “It’s over now. It’s over. Let’s go to bed.”
Instead, Sherlock made some stupid comment about commanding officers and left the sexual identity issues unspoken. Which was just like him. Nosy in everything else, but respectful just for the second where maybe John didn’t want him to be -
“Well, Bonnie, I wish you the very best of luck. Addiction isn’t easy, but Steve may pull through just fine. Just take care of yourself, and be there for him when you can, right?” A flush crept up his neck, like it always did when he stood too long talking to anyone. “I better get my mail.” His stomach wavered like an ungainly child on a trampoline.
And then someone else, someone he’d been...foolish in front of, that person stepped up for him. A stranger.
Until he spotted him, and his stomach plummeted in an arching swan dive. Doctor Chowdhury had led him to none other than the man John had ghosted during a fit of insecurity and self-pity.
He covered his face with his hands as his ears flamed and his throat grew tight with unreleased sobs. His chest resonated with the sensation of a breaking dam, water flooding its banks, and him drowning, him gasping to breathe.
“Besides, you’ve been spending more time sleeping in my room than your own anyway.” Sherlock straightens and speaks in his normal voice.
Now he possessed the keys to two P.O. boxes: his personal under the name Bill Murray, and the other, under his pen name J. Sholto. The J was for James. He’d used Harry Watson, J. H. Watson, and other permutations. His ex-wife's fans and advocates haven't yet discovered these latest monikers. It was fuckin’ ridiculous that she had both a fan club and a hate club. The only common ground these two clubs shared was in their harassment of him, though it had been a while since he’d heard from either. Probably few people left who have any interest in him. Maybe they’d gone on to persecute other hapless victims of murderous spouses.
It won’t happen. With his large body and his dark curls, he would be more obvious than John in this bed to any onlooker.
“Good advice, I know. Just hard to convince the heart.” She placed her hands on her lap as her glasses slipped off her head and back onto her nose. “Thanks for listening to my blathering.”
But, still… John chewed his bottom lip, trying to ignore the pang he felt at their comfortable proximity, Molly giggling and tossing back her head, her hand still on the too-gorgeous William’s arm. John ran a scrutinizing eye over the line of William’s figure. Fuck, he had an ass on him—
Numbness crawls up Sherlock’s spine and into his throat. It infects his tongue and threatens to cloud his sight. “You said…” It’s a croak that pushes past the heavy weight of his tongue.
“She’s a good egg.” Mike didn’t seem to notice John’s wandering attention. “Tough as nails, but I like her. So, listen, you’re in town for the night, right?”
“I’m not - I’m not waiting around to hear from Sherlock Holmes,” he groused, his mood growing more foul with Mary having caught him out.
“Jesus, don’t give me that look. Listen, I’m going out for one pint, and then I’m going to fuck you into that mattress. So don’t leave.”
“So, got your own ghosts, huh?” Ned stared unrepentantly. His voice reminded John of the burbling noise water makes when sucking at sand as it flows back to sea. If only it would wash all his words away.
But William only smiled sadly, and continued. “Victor was the first to teach me about people as a safety net. The day I had to shoot a boy that couldn’t have been over seven, I dropped the gun and sank back on my ass. I couldn’t...I couldn’t speak. And Victor held me. I didn’t even know I cried. But my face was wet and here was this live, warm person holding me. And I realized that we had become friends. After that, things changed between us. We became close. I’m not sure in any other situation such things would have happened. But there, in the war-zone, he was more than my friend.”
The shout of “Daddy!” pulled a grin from his face as he entered the warm house. Rosie, pig-tailed and wearing an art smock smeared with who-knows-what, shot down the hallway toward him, a brilliant grin lighting up her whole face. John scooped her up - careful of the stains - and kissed her cheek. “How’s my little honeybee?” Sherlock called Rosie “Bee,” and John had taken to calling her the same, though he’d seen Mary frown over it.
The only prints on the skull and the bat case were his own. Has he been sleepwalking? Was he locked in his Mind Palace and unaware of his surrounding environment? That’s happened.
Sherlock’s face turned predatory as they moved from the sofa to the hallway. He shoved John against the wall and John let him. Sherlock caged him in and kissed him, wild and unleashed. John was so full of euphoria he barely noticed as Sherlock herded him up the stairs. When they reached his door, Sherlock threw it open and pushed John toward the bed.
“I’ll take her apart, and I’ll take her away,” Sherlock says. He picks the body off the ground, ignoring the almost baleful stare. “When you’ve pulled yourself together, come downstairs, and go back to bed.”
Like untying a balloon and releasing its air, laughter slipped from both of them. Delighted, relief-giving laughter that rose above them in blasts like the chorus of a song.
He goes back to the bottom of the stairs. John pauses. Starts talking again. As if carrying on a conversation.
He guides John to the bedroom and helps him into bed. After taking off his dressing gown, he slides in beside his lover, his John, and spoons up to him, curls his big body around him, and holds him until John’s breath evens out and the tension melts from the man’s body.
Now Viola Holmes stands outside, waiting for Mrs Hudson to finish her assessment. She’ll take Sherlock’s vitals and rub salve onto his bedsores while making sure he’s comfortable. Then they’ll have their quiet conversation out here on the porch where his sharp ears can’t hear.
John checked the lasagna again. The pits of his shirt stuck to his skin, and the swooped-up style of his hair fell over his brow. The cheese of the lasagna bubbled away, so he closed the oven door and dashed to his room.
John lubed up his hands and set to pumping William’s cock. William fucked upward, and John watched, entranced, as the fiercely engorged head appeared again and again through the tunnel of his fists.
“Next time. Please? I want you inside me so badly.” He paused, suddenly embarrassed. It was so one-and-done with his hookups, was he falling back on old habits? “Am I going too fast?”
John sent her a wide smile, wondering if she could detect a dangerous glint in his eyes. “Yup. Playing with Rosie.”
John swiped his face with both hands. “It’s not—it’s not like that. What you’re implying. I’m a little embarrassed, is all.”
John laughed as the tension slipped from his shoulders. “You’re a fuckin’ menace is what you are. Get down those stairs. I want to see you carrying boxes up the stairs. In front of me. So I can watch you while you walk.”
He stared out the tiny window over the sink as he let the water run hot. On autopilot, he grabbed his AmeriCorps NCCC mug from the cabinet, along with a bag of English breakfast tea.
The words seemed surreal, as if he were telling a story about someone else. “I was doing my residency at St. Mary’s hospital in Waterbury. I was in the middle of a twelve-hour shift in the ER when the cops showed up. They handcuffed me right in front of all the staff and patients. They’d already arrested Mary and had her in one room, and put me in another. The interrogation took
Sherlock looks at the doll. At that honey-coloured hair and unseeing glass eyes. “If it is important to you, John, I won’t ask you to move it.”
“Fine,” he said. It was his perfunctory answer. Sherlock came over now and again to visit, and sometimes John brought Rosie to visit Sherlock. For the most part, Mary wasn’t invited on cases. Something which suited John just fine, especially with how buddy-buddy they could be, even after she maimed the detective.
She set the bowl of potatoes on the counter and wiped her hands with a towel. “It’s more than the elderly, isn’t it?”
Victor looked back at John and shrugged. “So John. I’ve read your blog. It’s been wonderful to see Sherlock apply that big brain of his to helping lesser people.”
The case involves a man believed to have fallen from a window - but his house is locked, there’s no sign of entry, and the window is painted shut. The paint looks old, but the injuries are consistent with someone who had fallen out of a window. No drag marks. Blood pooled beneath the body. Man lived alone. The upstairs neighbour was not at home and his flat was locked.
Tables with other patrons of the restaurant filled the room, but it might as well have been only the two of them.
William looked over his shoulder, not seeming to focus on anything. His features softened as he turned back to John. “There was a point in my life where I could have ended up in a shelter myself, if it weren’t for certain advantages.”
Beneath William’s dark, hungry gaze, John slid each button from its closure. He shoved the collared shirt over one shoulder, displaying a gleaming expanse of skin as white as the inside of a clam shell, beautiful and rounded. He licked, kissed, followed the line of William’s clavicle from shoulder to sternum and then up his long, slender neck. Small gasps stole from William’s lips as John continued his exploration to the other shoulder, anointing it with kisses as skin revealed itself.
He shouldn’t have quit coffee. It was dinnertime, but he was exhausted, and a cup of joe would have hit the spot.
Ned stared at him with a look devoid of care. “I’m fine, doc,” he finally grumbled. “No need to mother me.”
“No. No. The tall and short of it is that she and I were both arrested, charged, and put on trial. The bitch—” He screwed his eyes shut and bit down on his tongue until pain flared, abrasive and hot. He sniffed. “The bitch told the cops I put her up to all the killings. That I was angry with her for losing our kid. That I was a sick freak who fucked men on the side. And man, did they buy it. They wanted to. No one could believe a woman would be capable of all that. Not too many female serial killers in history, y’know?
John pulled him closer. Sherlock went down to his knees, slotting himself between John’s thighs, their arms wrapped around each other.
William nodded, one hand slipping into his pocket as the other held the wineglass. “A pleasure to meet you.”
CW: John tells William about how Mary killed an entire family. Do not read that part if child death and creepy serial killers will greatly upset you.
John shouted with laughter. “I can’t believe you’ve never watched a Hitchcock film.” He traced William’s mouth with his fingers. “And you know. I—I was looking forward to our first Christmas together. I thought for sure it would be this one. But now I know it will be the next one. And maybe then, you can meet my mom.”
William slid his hand over John’s. John let their fingers interlace before he continued. “When I was on trial, the prosecution said it was my upbringing that started it all. That this group taught me to be violent. And sometimes, I think they’re right. I get…I get so angry, sometimes. It scares me.”
“I’m not even sure when it changed,” he’d said when she didn’t fill the silence. “It’s...been a while since I’ve gotten any harassment. I’m making an okay income even if my student loans are keeping me poor.” He rubbed at his mouth, eyes drifting to the wall behind her. “I’ve made it work with odd jobs and writing. Mostly. It’s not a guarantee, though. Jesus Christ, this is not how I imagined my life would go, you know?” He was gesticulating with one hand, just letting it dance through the air to make his point. “I thought for sure I’d end up with a family and kids someday, but then it happened. She was pregnant, and I’d had my fun, and now I needed to be an adult and face the music.” He let his hand drop as he locked eyes with her again.
The days had gone like that, he realized. Splitting the making of meals, passing each other in the house like ships at sea. They swapped off on time with Rosie without pressing for “family time.” Rosie didn’t seem to notice anything amiss. This was the norm for her, wasn't it? When she was home, she either played with one parent or another, or by herself. Never the three of them together. How had he not seen that before?
John exhales, drops his hand. “I’m surprised you haven’t gone snooping in my past already. Kinda thought you would and then I wouldn’t have to tell you myself.”
“Because - because I get jealous, Sherlock. I can’t help it and I know you’re the pinnacle of reason and compartmentalizing your feelings, but it doesn’t work that way for the rest of us, okay? So, you go on with that big brain of yours and delete all this, and I’ll do my best to just...get over it.”
“And that’s my cue to leave!” With that gleeful announcement, he turned to Molly. “Thanks for inviting me, but I’ve got a deadline to meet. Writer stuff, you know.”
Sherlock released his ball and went for the other. Rolled it across his tongue. John whined and jerked again. Sherlock released it and dragged his tongue up the underside of his cock. The man was like a forest fire, unstoppable and ungodly hot. John’s hips writhed as Sherlock engulfed his penis with his mouth and sucked hard. He circled his tongue around the flare of the head. Sucked again. Tension built in the seat of John’s groin.
“I promise you, I am not...I am not one of your detractors. I’ve read about your ex-wife. I’ve listened to podcasts on the crimes and the trial. But I am here entirely of my own being, because I want to be here with the John Watson I know now...not the figure of sensationalized journalism.”
William lifted his hips again and let John remove the briefs. William’s cock was beautiful. Large. Thick, long, pink at the flared head. Wet.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock says, his cock plumping up as he plans just how he’ll be apologising to John later.
Sherlock yanked John's trousers off and peeled back his pants, letting his cock and balls hang free over the hem. When Sherlock fondled his balls and sucked one into his mouth, John’s entire body jerked. “Oh god, Sherlock, oh god.”
Emotions flicker over John’s face. None seem good. “Harry asked me to take her. Creeped her out, I guess.”
He tapped his foot on the floor as he sat in the chair of his home office. A warm, honey-brown colour stained the cheap imitation wood of his desk. Nothing like the desk that he'd claimed while living at 221B. This was an ersatz office, just a place he went for some peace and quiet. The surgery was more conducive to paperwork. Here, he pretended to work at his laptop on administrative work, when really, he was likely writing blog posts or playing solitaire. A single green fern sat on his desk, along with medical textbooks and random bills and notes from Rosie’s nursery. Mary had managed to keep the fern alive, after taking over for him when he killed several of his other potted plants. She'd insisted on their existence "for a bit of colour."
The wine turned out to be a very good idea, as Sherlock didn't appear to be interested in carrying on a conversation.  Any time John tried to engage him in some line of discussion he would reply in monosyllables or silence.  When John finally gave up Sherlock silently picked at his veal parmesan and sipped at what would turn out to be several glasses of wine.  This unnerved John more than he thought possible, so he ate his fettuccini alfredo as fast as he could just so they could get back home.
"Mari works with Rodney.  She'd heard about the group from Dr. Dodson; so did I.  Tammy and Jason work together and she found us through another therapist.  Gloria heard about it at her fiancé's rehab.  Peter got referred to us when his wife was hospitalized a few years ago."
"Hello to everyone," John heard Lou say.  "I've got breakfast and if everyone will go inside we can distribute it."
John had known things like that were coming, and he still had to swallow the lump in his throat.  At this point, the only person who seemed calm was Lou.  (K might have been calm but John didn't dare look back to see.)  "Were those the only places you met?  The park and her flat?"
"Will you promise not to get angry with me?"  That comment, more than anything else, made John remember how young Phillip really was.
Sherlock looked at him for a second, damp hair falling in his face as he did so.  “Rubbish," he told John, in a way that made it clear he didn't want to talk about it.  And although that just made John even more curious about whatever he was throwing away, he said nothing as they left the flat and Sherlock chucked whatever was in it in the nearest bin.  He knew that by the time they returned home it would be gone, and even if it wasn't John wanted to respect Sherlock's wish for privacy.  True, Sherlock never respected his own, but he didn't think that sort of thing had to be reciprocal.  Shortly thereafter Sherlock hailed a cab and John's train of thought was brought to an abrupt end.
"If you mean 'enjoyed it enough that you orgasmed' then, yes it still is.  And for the record,  it doesn't mean you enjoyed it, because it's just a physical response."  John was eerily reminded of the conversation he'd had with Sherlock a few days ago.
Once again Sherlock is noticing that John assumes. Everyone does, of course, but he now knows that most of the investigators are probably assuming too and this is the reason they aren't getting anywhere.
K was the neighbor Sherlock had "told horrible lies" about.  And he had known that, or at least suspected, and that was why he was so nervous.  Now that he thought about it, Sherlock had never once referred to K by gender.  While almost everyone got into the habit of calling K by her first initial, when gendered pronouns were used everyone but Sherlock called K male.  Even some little details made sense, like why Moira had refused to talk to Donovan or why Phillip was so convinced that he'd be arrested. John shamefully realized that if K had come in and claimed to have been assaulted by him, and Phillip had agreed, he would have taken it at face value and called the police on him.
He undid the zipper, the clicking of its teeth soft and suggestive. William lifted his hips as John yanked the pants off, admired muscular legs that seemed to go on forever, laughed as he had to untie shoelaces to shove off shoes and socks. “What are you even doing with me, when you’re like some Greek statue?” He kissed the inside of William’s thigh, letting his eyes wander over the outline of William’s erection.
“I think you’ll catch on,” John said, unable to suppress his grin. Here he was, thirty-eight and feeling like a teenager flirting in his own living room.
John makes some kind of strangled shout as he disentangles himself from Sherlock and begins to pace the room. “So, she killed him? Because he told her the doll told him to kill someone? That’s nuts, Sherlock!”
“Marines. I started using drugs. I was discharged.” He sipped his wine again, as if to shrug away the gravity of his pronouncement. “Have a splendid evening, John. I wish you all the best in your new position.” He turned to go.
Sherlock hadn’t returned his text. Mary wasn’t exactly right. Sherlock would ignore John’s texts if he was mid-case or asleep, and he slept at odd hours. But an entire day had passed.
He slid a key into the one for J. Sholto. Snail mail was rare to show up in that one. Readers of his work tended to email him at his publishing house. He didn’t keep any social network accounts aside from Twitter for new book announcements. People did tweet at him, but he preferred to ignore the virtual chatter. The world had grown noisier while he’d been busy hiding.
Mary scoffed, her face beaming with an incredulous grin. “John. The man is practically the most unsociable person we know, with the exception of your dear old Major Sholto.”
William’s eyes widened a bit. Then narrowed again. “You think I am with you because I’m a hybristophile?”
He opened his inbox. His email was known only to his mother, his agent, and a few of the old gang from where he’d done his unfinished hospital residency. The name “Mike Stamford” popped up with a new email, which drew a mix of pleasure tinged with guilt. The subject said “Tired of Vermont yet?”
“No! That’s - that’s not true!” His heart hammered, his ears rushed with heat, the ice breaking away with a wave of crackling anger. “I don’t think you’re a machine, I know you’re not, and I’m sorry I ever called you that, but you are definitely an arsehole. You - you can’t know what it’s like. I’m in your shadow, and that’s fine. But I’ve got to know that you - you’re human, sometimes. Sometimes you’re so much bigger than us, and I think -’well, he’s my best friend, I know him the best’ - but the truth is, I really don’t! You’re so bloody secretive about everything, and I hate it!”
Sherlock smirked, and it needled John like a splinter in his thumb. He thought again about Sherlock's lack of confidences, his lack of inquiries. Deduction, deduction, deduction. Seeing and observing. Blah, blah, blah.
When Molly opened the door to his knock, her face opened with boundless excitement, as if he was there to offer her a giant cardstock check with cameras trailing in his wake.
William licked his lips and flattened them against his teeth. His nostrils flared. “John. It’s nothing.”
“John,” Sherlock says, his hands clasping together in front of him as he tries to make John understand. “You came home after that awful row we had, and told me you sold the doll. You said
“We should go forth on the shortest walk, perchance, in the spirit of undying adventure, never to return, - prepared to send back our embalmed hearts only as relics to our desolate kingdoms.”
They’d spent most of the night on the sofa. Sherlock made them tea and John stoked the fire. The two of them sat side by side, sipping from Mrs Hudson’s cups and remarking little on their situation. John’s thoughts swarmed him and he was more than a little aware of the warmth of Sherlock’s body next to his. They held hands like they were teens, John’s tea in his left hand, Sherlock’s in his right. The touch seemed to burn between them, not in any way that was destructive, but like wrapping a hand around a warm mug after spending a day outdoors in the cold.
William shrugged out of his jacket and lay it over one of the dining chairs. John kissed him. They enfolded each other in a hug and the scent of William’s cologne filled John’s nose. It was among his favorite scents, all oakey and something spicy. William kissed his cheek and nuzzled the side of his head.
“I hope so.” She pushed her glasses to the top of her head. “It’s a shame what they do to these poor men and women. So many forgotten heroes left to their own devices.”
“Hm.” Ned nodded. “I get it. But just remember, the sins of your wife aren’t your own. They aren’t the sins of the next lady either.”
The ceiling vaulted, and several smaller sparkling chandeliers orbited a large one at the center. No windows peered to the outside, yet it remained an open, cavernous space, so much empty air above him compared to where he stood—hemmed in on all sides by white-dressed tables and donors swanning about, wine glasses held aloft in manicured hands.
John’s mouth falls open. He begins to struggle to get out of Sherlock’s lap, but Sherlock doesn’t make it easy for him. “What? That’s what Harry told you?”
“I was just on the phone with my mom.” John swallowed and scratched the back of his head, eyes cast to the floor. “Come in.”
No one had ever said those words to him, and John would never admit that they had an effect on him. He redoubled his efforts on Sherlock, tunneling his hands together as Sherlock fucked his grip. His muscles in his shoulders and arms bunched, his eyes screwed shut, and John watched in wonder. It wasn’t long before Sherlock went rigid, shouted, and wetness joined John’s come on his torso.
He threw the phone down on the dresser. Turned away. Walked in a circle with his hands on top of his head. Looked at the phone. Still nothing.
“Careful now,” he said. They slid the button from the brooch’s grasp. She stepped back to look at him, her discerning brown eyes alight with glee. “It’s really good to see you, Anita. It’s been too long.” Again, his throat felt clogged.
Sherlock howled with laughter, his face a mass of wrinkles and his mouth open with a wide, white-toothed grin like a slice of waxing moon.
The place was bustling, people coming and going, a busy patterned carpet on the floor, fluorescent lighting flickering here and there. A security guard paced by the doors, chatting with someone through his walkie-talkie.
He’s waiting for John to come downstairs, as they’ve decided to take a walk in Regent’s Park. John has been warming up to doing other things with Sherlock aside from mad, passionate sex. They’ve held hands while watching telly on the sofa. He massages Sherlock’s feet sometimes. Other times, he’ll tunnel his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, soothe his thoughts into clear strings of order and calm. He’ll bring home takeaway and ensure Sherlock gets the most delicious morsels of his favourites. He’s soft jumpers and beneath that, a querulous temper. To see John in a rage is borderline frightening, so Sherlock behaves just well enough to make sure that the full extent of that temper is never pointed at him.
Sherlock heads down the stairs. The doll is lightweight, likely no more than a kilogram. The popping sound was the ball joint of her elbow coming undone.
John huffed a laugh. “Yeah. So Mike’s said.” He stretched his neck and rubbed it. “They still tried me, even as thin as the evidence was. All they had was her sob story. I asked to speak to her, but they refused to let me see her. I—I couldn’t believe that she said all that crap about me. I was so naïve then. I kept thinking it had to be some kind of mistake.” He breathed out again. “The house where I lived with Mary got trashed. Graffiti on the house and rocks thrown through windows, eggs crushed in the mailbox, sacks of shit left on the porch. I couldn’t go back to my residency. I stayed on Mike’s couch for a while. He was the kindest person to me. Anita, too. They’d been married a while and then Anita got pregnant and my trial was in progress and the whole thing was shit. My mom fled to her sister’s in Wisconsin—she says she was planning it all along, but that was such bullshit.
When Sherlock had seen him pocket the wedding band the day before, his eyes had widened on his pale face. Without saying a word, he walked back to his room and shut the door. He took his meal in his room as usual but didn’t ask John a single thing about the state of his marriage. Probably deduced everything, and wasn’t interested in knowing anything about John’s
John banged his head against the pillow. Of course, it would be like this. Of course, Sherlock would sit there deducing him while they had sex. It was hot. The hottest to have all that attention on him while he pumped his prick.
John struts around the lounge like one of those little bantam roosters, all puffed chest and blustery cluck and crow. Sherlock delights in watching the splendid display from his chair. He turns another page in the newspaper, pretending not to watch. “John, do you really own so many things? I thought a military man traveled light.”
It was more than normalcy restored to his life—it was a kind of heaven. He kept up with monthly chats with his therapist Ella, and she encouraged him to embrace his new life with a
Speaking of debt, he still owed Mike bail money. Mike Stamford and Molly Hooper had pooled their cash together to get John out of jail so he could live as normal a life as possible before his trial. Not that living a normal life was possible at that point—his residency was suspended, and showing his face in public was asking for suspicious stares and even outright confrontation. It had been as if he were a wolf walking among sheep, and the sheep knew.
“So what is it, John? Because the only probable reason I can come to is that you want to prove that I am not what you said I am.” That’s it, he’s off, his voice a low and rapid staccato of shots fired. “Ever since you met me, ever since you could see what I could do, you’ve done what you can to knock me down a peg. Whether it was taking cheap shots in your blog or getting off on telling me what to do and how to act, you’ve done what you can to diminish me. It must be so confusing to be you. To be drowning in hero-worship, and to hate that you do that, so you simultaneously try to knock that person off the pedestal. And one of the things you hate about me, John, is that I
John grimaced, but said nothing. Mary worked now as a receptionist for a dentist. He flat out refused to stay with her if she went back to nursing on a faked degree. She loathed the receptionist job but hadn’t looked for anything else. He didn’t encourage her to look, giving her free reign on what she wanted to do professionally, so long as it stayed within the legal realms of the law.
John was rethinking Sherlock’s words - his watching what he desired going further and further away. His efforts to make John happy by planning his wedding, by pushing him to reconcile with his wife. By being his support and his best friend, and never saying anything about his affection. It was his way of showing love, and John had never thought twice about it.
“She did not deserve you, John Watson. What she did to your person was perhaps among the worst of her crimes. She holds you in her claws, and she continues to shape your life. I would prefer to chop her hands off and ensure she can never hurt you again.”
“Oh my god,” John says, though his voice is clogged. Sherlock can feel wetness through the front of his thin pyjama tee. “Oh my god.”
John pulled on his jumper and took one last look in the mirror. A little swipe at his hair with his fingers and he was done. He headed down the stairs and into the lounge where Sherlock paced.
He cleared his throat and stuck his phone in his back pocket. William turned away and placed his car keys on the dining table.
Sherlock takes the long way home, going through Regent’s Park on foot and taking the streets he knows John likes to walk. He’s tempted to ask store owners if a man walked by carrying a child’s doll the size of a toddler, but he refrains.
Panic flared from his gut to his ears. He couldn’t prevent his wince - he hated to hear his full name in public. It brought attention to him, and soon after, recognition. He set his jaw and squared his shoulders, pushing his anger below like stuffing a fanged creature into a crate. Breathe, he told himself.
John’s gaze slides the doll and back to Sherlock. He blinks his eyes, almost as if he were waking. His mouth opens, closes, opens again. He turns and tilts his head as if he can hardly believe what Sherlock is saying to him. “What do you mean? This is where she lives.”
John smiled and closed his eyes as William kissed him. Lips slid over one another and fingers skimmed each other’s faces and necks. Tongues tangled and their bodies shifted. John pushed William down on the sofa and swung a leg over his thighs.
When John got back to the bed, William was propped on his elbows, his face practically glowing like the pale moon. “What?” John asked.
John’s interest in joining the army had sputtered out like torchlight in the rain when everything changed: a hurried, middle-of-the-night escape with his mother and a single suitcase of his things. A bug-out bag with emergency supplies in the trunk. His dog Porridge watched them go, too old to do much more than a single thump of her tail as her dour, cloudy eyes followed the quiet sounds of their movements. Hamish was passed out on the couch, too far gone in his bottle to know his family was leaving him.
He swallowed and looked down at his phone like it was a grenade. With trembling fingers, he typed out a message:
Chowdhury had informed him they’d already started hiring doctors and nurses who would rotate shifts at the new clinic. His job title, if he got it, was Valor Clinic Program Director. He would get to work closely with licensed social workers and shelter volunteers to connect the homeless vets to the appropriate services. He’d report to the board of directors. He’d have an assistant. And he'd write grants and secure donations to keep the clinic running. On a team. A unit.
The urge to apologise assails Sherlock like raindrops pelting his head and heart. It’s a strange and unfamiliar sensation - what use is an apology when he had nothing to do with it?
“Blackmail, John? Such an ugly word.” The corners of his lips twitched. “It was simply insurance, in exchange for less harassment. In a bid to never have to speak to my father nor brother again, I did everything correctly. I thought of it as part of a game. And I was going to win.
Sherlock laughed, a loud, happy laugh, and John joined in, moving closer, as if he could fuse his body to Sherlock’s.
He pushed William against the couch and swung one leg over his thighs to straddle him. William let his head fall back, his mouth ajar and his eyes blown with desire. John followed, smashing their mouths together in a frenzy of want and need. He pulled back long enough to suck on William’s lower lip and an answering whine lifted into the air between them. John mouthed along his jawline and down the side of his neck, savoring every one of William’s small gasps. Erection pressed against erection as hips jerked and thrust.
John lowered his head. This could be a way to connect to Ned. Maybe. He could talk about it a little. Show Ned that his own ‘coming home’ was full of ridicule and harassment and cold shoulders. He sucked in his lips and held them between his teeth before responding. “Okay. So. Yes.”
After teasing his lover’s nipples, he feathered his tongue along obliques and across abs, dipping into William’s navel, listening to William’s deep chuckle as he did. William’s muscles tensed as John hovered over the fly of his pants.
“Nearly,” Sherlock says. “The doll -” He shuts his mouth when he remembers who he’s speaking to - shuts it so hard his teeth clack together.
Sherlock rolled off of him and onto his side. John sat up, marveling at the long-limbed body that lay in his bed. Sherlock in the soft, pliable soporific of post-orgasm living. Without hesitation, he smoothed one hand over Sherlock’s flank and over the crest of his hip. He dipped behind that to touch the curve of Sherlock’s arse. He’d had dreams about that arse, he could finally admit to himself.
The memory of Mary and Sherlock implying that very thing stung him. He shifted in his seat to soothe the ache.
As if he could guess John’s thoughts, Mike butted in. “I haven’t told him anything, John. William can tell a lot about a person by looking at them, like some kind of fortune-teller. It’s really remarkable.”
Apologies for no post last week. August has been a very, very stressful month. I'll be thrilled to see it go. I hope y’all are well! The comments and kudos have been an oasis in a stressful desert, thank you!
The hairs on the nape of his neck prickled at her tone. “Well, it seems he’s more sociable than we thought.” He set his chin on his fist.
She swept her friend away, headed for the dining nook. It seemed several people were embroiled in a heavy discussion at the copper table. Gayle glanced back once, and John knew for certain that she knew.
Sherlock doesn’t move. His hands are fists by his sides and his throat has gone as arid as a desert. John’s come to the end of his story, the strange glimmer in his eyes fading as he refocuses his gaze. He looks over at the doll. “If anyone had asked me would my dad ever hurt my mum, I would have said no. He loved her. It was the drinking that did it.”
It seems as if John’s come to a realisation. He sucks on his lips. His eyes cast at the floor though he stands straight with his shoulders back. “So, uh, you were in my room?” he says.
None of his encounters had been like this. They’d been desperate and needy, but quick and mechanical. It’d been about getting off as quickly as possible.
At this point John figured that he shouldn't comment on that remark at all.  "When exactly did she tell you that you were a sexual psychopath?  And did you have any idea what that meant in the first place?"
“Is John going to be here too?” she said.  She fixed her eyes on him as if she’d just noticed he was in the room.
"He was holding his right arm to his chest.  He had a black eye as well.  Boys his age roughhouse a lot, so that sort of thing doesn't alarm me on its own, but he hadn't mentioned it on the intake form.  Before I looked at the form I asked him how he hurt his arm."
Sherlock was quiet for the whole cab ride, although he clutched Hamish with white knuckles.  However, as soon as he got out at the court, he stumbled on the curb.  "I can't do this," he said as John helped him up.
"Not yet."  Lestrade looked down at his lap.  "There's... resistance to changing the policy.  Some have said that the vast majority of children will feel better with a female officer, regardless."
From Lou's sigh, it was clear he knew very well what the juror intended to say. "He's going to say that he would have voted to acquit."
"They must not live in London, then."  John couldn't imagine a homeless family would have the money to be able to drive in London.
"That I probably didn't remember it, but when I'd first met Her I'd tried to get Her to touch me between my legs.  That when I'd come over to Her house I'd try to get Her to do that and more.  That She finally let me because She thought I'd hurt someone else if I didn't get what I wanted."  Sherlock turned his head to face the inside of the witness box.  "That She thought I needed to get it out more and if I didn't I'd hurt someone.  So that's why She brought me there with the girl."
Victor shook his head.  "Not that.  I started to think about what his life had to be like if his mother spoke to him like that in public, and it seemed like the only person who liked him was away at university."
"You know why I said I was satisfied with the plea? Because I thought something like that might happen. People see what they want to see." He folded his hands. "I know your next question is going to be who's going to believe the story, but you have to remember the public didn't see the evidence the jury did."
"W e paid for the food, left the store, and went to my house.  I just wanted to make sure we were alone, and thankfully my parents weren't at home.  Once we got there we sat down on the steps and I asked him who that had been.  He said 'a friend,'  and after a second 'She's a doctor in town, Dr. Martin,' in this monotone.  I asked him how they'd met and at first he didn't say anything.  Then he asked me if I'd promise not to tell anyone what he said.  I wanted to hear what he had to say, so I said yes."
As soon as he said that, Moira jumped off the bed and ran towards her closet.  "I can give it to him now, right?" she asked her brother.  "We've already said everything."
"Look, I might only know a lot about airplanes. But even I know who Sherlock Holmes is." If he hadn't seen so much other weirdness by this point, he'd have still been thinking this was some sort of prank of Douglas'.
This John had seemed relatively unfazed by most of what had happened up to this point, but this clearly stumped him. "So do you have any idea of what was going on?"
"He lived down the street from me so I started to walk home with him after school.  He first started to say all sorts of things he had figured out about me.  None of it was anything I didn't already know, so I just acknowledged that it was all true.  After that went on for a few days he told me he wanted to be alone.  I said to him that I didn't think anyone always wanted to be alone.  He stopped making those remarks then but he didn't say anything to me until I mentioned a physics lecture my mother had recently attended.  He said something about spectrographic analysis that had been in a book he read, and that broke the ice for good."
“Do you use a specific container for that sugar or do you just scoop it out of where you normally keep it?”
"Yes."  John knew it was pointless to lie about it.  "Do you think we should talk to Mrs. Forrester?"  The more Sherlock was focused on the case, the better.
He couldn't tell who was calling his name. The voice sounded vaguely familiar, but not enough to identify it.
"You're doing really well," Tammy added. She tossed a lock of long blond hair behind the chair. "You've stopped glowering at all of us."
What John really wanted to ask him was what he'd been dreaming about, but he also knew that if he asked he'd be met at best with stony silence.  "Do you want to take a shower after you finish that?" he said instead.
Just like Clark had been before, Harvey seemed surprised at his candid response.  "No further questions," she said, sounding like she thought the best thing to do was to cut her losses.
"You talked about both of them when you mentioned their responses.  Did you notice anything different from parent to parent?"
"You have to remember that every single sexual impulse he has has been changed by his experiences. Most of us remember really experiencing sexual desire in our early teens, right? By the time he got to thirteen he'd already had hundreds of sexual experiences."
"Oh, don't do that.  Sherlock didn't tell me anything, but I know, you know, and he knows.  I've seen how he is with you and everyone else."  She looked him right in the eye.  "I might not know who did it, but someone like that woman made him not be able to trust anyone."
Before John could think of something to say in response someone rapped shortly on the door.  "I'll get it," he said hastily.  As soon as he opened the door, he wished he hadn't.  Mycroft was standing there, seemingly unchanged from the previous day.
Victor Trevor didn't seem to be the most intimidating of witnesses, but he easily seemed the most confident.  He wore a suit that looked tailor-made and was of some obviously expensive fabric.  He was Sherlock's height, but dark-skinned and with short hair.  He even managed to sit down in an elegant manner.
Instead of looking for Lou and Susan like he had done before, John just went inside the courtroom right away.  Most of the buffalo had not arrived yet, and they trickled in in twos and threes for about fifteen minutes after John sat down.  When the prosecution finally came in, Lou raised his eyebrows at John before going to their table.  "Court rise!" came a second later, and Judge Foster sat down.
"Think of what it would be like if you didn't have any of those things," she said evenly.  She continued to look him in the eye.  She must have caught some flicker of suspicion, so she added: "No, I'm not talking about myself.  Sherlock's the one who didn't have those things, or at least some of them."
"Some basic information about them.  There are three boys, identical triplets, and one girl.  The boys are now eighteen and the girl is twenty.  Their mother died ten years ago and their father took to drinking.  He became violent when drunk.  Almost a year after their mother died, they were removed from their home after an incident with the girl; one of her teeth was knocked out.  After a year in care they found a cousin of the mother who took them in.  The father had committed suicide while they were in care.  She reported they frequently ran away from her home and all of them left the home as soon as they turned sixteen.  The boy who has a child has gone through drug rehab and has a job.  None of the others are currently employed; the girl lives in a hostel but the other two boys are apparently still on the streets."  Sherlock managed to maintain the detached tone he had before until the last two sentences.
Mr. Aherne obviously knew where this was leading, and his expression grew somber.  "Moira's a shy girl, you understand.  Her brother and sister are much bolder.  We're in a new city, a new country really, and it's nothing like what she's used to.  In March she told me that she still didn't really know any of her classmates at all, that they ignored her.  I asked if she was being bullied and she said no.  I thought all she needed was time.  She did say she still played with Kieran at recess and that put me at ease."
John had no time to check for a response until they returned the tape and recorder to the Yard and were back at home. Sherlock headed up to his room without a word, which gave him the opportunity to bring out his mobile, unsilence it, and check his messages. One brief response: "Take a walk around six. I will meet you." No initials, but that was Sherlock's trait, not Mycroft's. He wondered what sort of excuse he would use when he left. "Taking a walk" sounded like he was being deceitful (which technically he was).
Since there was in fact almost nothing to eat in the flat, John made coffee and as soon as eleven-thirty rolled around, he headed out the door, got a sandwich from Speedy's, and ate it in the cab on the way to the meeting.  When he got there, he saw the Ahernes walking down the street.  They were dressed in a fancier way than normal, so they had probably just left church.  Moira apparently saw him; she waved her hand frantically and ran up ahead of her family.  "Mr. Watson!" she cried out.  "I was going to drop this in the mail but now I don't have to!"
"That was initially the case.  A few we failed to reach, like Alla Pinyakova.  In this case they contacted us a few months back.  The media coverage affected them a lot."
He snorted. "Of course not. She would neither have noticed nor cared, and I knew that. And there was no one else to tell. I was still young enough that I didn't think of the possible explanations." Mycroft looked John briefly in the eye, then went back to staring out the window. "And I went back to school. For several years, until I left school for university, that was the pattern. I would come home on holidays and see my brother. Some of the time he would be gone for long periods of time; he said he was taking a walk. He would do well enough in school, but his teachers said he didn't really pay attention." John was suddenly reminded of Phillip Rodgers. He shivered. "He would show up with items that he claimed he had found. He talked to me, but whenever I tried to ask him about what was going on when I wasn't home, he would clam up."
I knew even before beginning this story that Sherlock's past was mostly going to be revealed by others.  He wasn't going to say much about it himself except in a few unguarded moments. And he was probably going to go to pieces over it. His way of dealing with what happened to him was essentially "shove it into the farthest corners of his brain and not think about it unless he needed it."  (And yes, for a variety of reasons he needed to think about it at times.) By the end of this chapter, or at least by the end of the fourth, John knows what happened to him.  Obviously not in a factual sense, but he has figured out that he suffered some form of sexual abuse. And he doesn't know what to do with that information.
"Yes.  They asked me and Jennifer to come down as soon as we could.  We did so and an officer talked to her while I was in the room.  He didn't find out much more than she'd told me already, but they needed the statement for the record."
“Brilliant!”  He started to read.  Sherlock only half-listened.  Almost against his will, the dog was bringing back memories from when he was a child.  He could even see the family picture on the mantle of the Holmes’ house, an aged Redbeard sitting in the front, tongue lolling.  He scratched the ears of the dog in his lap.
"I wanted one when I was your age, but I never did have one. My mother and father didn't care for pets." John had moved during the conversation and was now on the other side of the room, so Sherlock couldn't see his eyes widen. Normally Sherlock was as tightly wound as a magnet and about as expressive. Even after living with him for over a year John still couldn't tell you much about his past. Why was this girl, of all people, getting him to open up? In fact, his whole appearance was softer, less imposing angles and more warm empathy. The really astonishing thing was that the empathy was real, as far as John could tell. He was genuinely concerned for Moira Aherne.
The dog came running up to Sherlock and jumped up on his leg.  "Snoopadoop likes you!" said the steward with pride.
"I'm sure people would wonder who I was, but we could both go back to our normal lives until we figured out how to switch back."
"I talked to Sarah a few days ago and she said he was a sad child." He didn't expect this comment to be acknowledged, but to his surprise Sherlock nodded sagely.
"No, because it's so close up. People might look funny if you took pictures of them with a microscope too." A pause. "You said you had a stuffed bee. Who gave it to you?"
"When did you know that K was the same person as the one you knew before?"  He was sure that Sherlock had figured it out some time before, but had never said so.
They started towards the lift.  As they were waiting, John commented, "I hope you were recording that conversation with Dr. Arthur, just for the record."  Sherlock grinned wickedly and reached into his coat pocket, pulling out the same tape recorder he had used for Moira's questioning.  Suddenly all this seemed hilariously funny, and John burst into peals of laughter.  Sherlock looked at him for a second before starting to laugh himself.  It was a relief to have something to laugh about.  John was glad for anything that diffused the horrible nature of the crime, and Sherlock more than anyone else needed something to laugh at.
"Correct.  Once Phillip is through testifying as well as Sarah, Sagnik Malakar will testify, then Jennifer, her parents, and her former foster mother, then Thomas Davidson and his parents, then Graham and Christine and their mother's cousin, one of the Ehiwenma twins and their long term-foster carer, then Jordan Ping Yu, Alla Pinyakova, James Warren and the officer who brought him in for solicitation, and me.  Lestrade and Donovan will testify after all the victims and Mrs. Murray is expected to testify at some point.  There may be other witnesses."  The recitation of the facts seemed to keep Sherlock calm; he sounded almost normal when he spoke.
John jumped into the conversation. "Right now he's reading a book to his children. I think we should give them an hour or so together before we bother them again. He needs the quiet time." Trying to defuse the situation, he added, "Have you eaten already? Neither of us have, and getting a meal would be a good way to pass an hour or so." While Sherlock was probably uninterested in eating, it had been a long time since breakfast.
Downstairs, he could hear Douglas moving about. He had no doubt that if there was a way he could be simply locked in this room until everything got fixed, the man downstairs would have done it. At least John would try to not act too upset at the man in his body now.
"Two daughters.  There's also two boys, brothers, who we took in and adopted.  A few of our other former foster children keep in touch with us."  Mrs. Henderson smiled proudly.  "The girls have finished university and are now working on their own.  One of our boys moved out and is working; the other one is in university himself, but he still lives at home."
At first Sherlock just looked at Harvey with wide eyes.  Only after a few seconds did he croak "Not then."
When he'd heard the first, he hadn't thought anything of it, other than Sherlock was apparently uninterested in sex or romance. As rejections went, it beat "You're not my type" or "I'm straight," (usually said in an offended tone). The second, well, it wasn't too odd to assume that anyone who was uninterested might get the "you're just afraid" response, but the defensive tone had made him wonder, and how Mycroft had just given him a look of disbelief in response. (After all, he had been the one to say "Don't be alarmed," right?) And the third…he certainly hated his brother, but never explained why.
"The family contacted us.  Like Jennifer, he saw K on the news one night and told his parents that was the one who hurt him.  His English is quite good now, thankfully."  Lestrade had obviously noticed that Sherlock was still refusing to look him in the eye, and had kept his gaze on John or the paper in front of them.  The three of them silently scanned the document.  Victim Six was Christine Spencer, Victim Seven was Dominic Spencer, Victim Eight was Graham Spencer, Victim Nine Martin Spencer.
"In London.  A program that helped Bengali immigrants found us a flat.  My mum and dad were trying to find work but it was hard."  He spoke clearly and without fear.  He even looked the crowd in the eye.
At least John wasn't home. He wouldn't have to see that. Sherlock could easily imagine what he'd say: "You love Her more than me, is that it? It was supposedly one of the worst experiences of your life and you not only have fantasies about it, you actually
"Good."  Lestrade seemed eager to change the subject.  "With all this that needs to be done, you understand it will be a while before any trial starts."
"Thanks," he told Lou, and walked into the courtroom.  Just like yesterday the buffalo had already made themselves comfortable in their row.  No members of the media appeared to have arrived yet.  The buffalo ignored him as he sat down in the same place as yesterday and made short work of the sandwich.  When he got up to throw away the wrapper, the media had started to trickle in.  Knowing the routine made everything seem easier, and John found he could stay calm even when K and her solicitors came in and escorted her to the dock.  The crowd that had assembled in the court seemed calmer than they had been the previous day.  Lou and Susan quietly made their way in moments before the cry of, "Court rise!"
"What do you mean by that?" Susan asked.  She seemed much calmer than usual, as if she matched his affect.
"We've requested them, but they haven't come yet."  Lestrade began to shuffle through the file again.
“I know K must have been, sweetheart,” Mr. Aherne broke in.  “I wish you had told me you were so lonely, though.  You shouldn’t have to get hurt to keep a friend.”
John and Martin chatted as people filed into the courtroom.  Once the door was shut behind them, Martin let Angus out of the car seat and allowed him to crawl around on the floor.  The two of them followed the baby down the hall and continued to talk.  Dominic stayed in the same place, looking at the two of them but making no effort to join the conversation.  In fact, the first time he spoke was when the court recessed for an hour.  "I'll get lunch," he said briefly, heading for the doors.
This was enough for Martin to look away; he didn't faint at the sight of blood like Douglas did (something he was under obligation to never reveal) but being stuck with a needle was never fun.  Fortunately, Molly stuck him and drew the blood quickly and efficiently.  "I'll have the results tomorrow," she said when she was done.  "I'll ring you with them and if anything is really odd I'll ask you to come in."
"More details about what went on in that room.  She told me she'd sung a little nursery rhyme to the woman.  Sometimes when she tells me something she freezes and tries to change the subject."
He opened his eyes for good. A short teenager with red hair crouched in front of him. He recognized him as a relatively new member of the homeless network who hung out with Alla Pinyakova. "I'm sure you know I'm already aware of that."
What?  He read it again.  This was saying he was a fictional character.  Not just a fictional character, but one created almost a hundred years before he had been born.  Wikipedia helpfully informed him the complete works of Arthur Conan Doyle were available at Project Gutenberg, so he headed there.  The first story written was apparently "A Study in Scarlet" and that seemed to be a good enough place to begin.
"Different.  Sometimes She'd say She loved me and She wished I was Her little girl.  She'd hug me and kiss me and all that, like me dad does.  Sometimes She'd say She knew She was special to me since She was my only friend and She'd give me gifts and sweets and stuff.  Other times She'd say that if I didn't do what She wanted She knew where I lived and could kill me dad if She wanted to.  A few times when She was nice to me She'd said She took kids in from care like me parents had been and if anything happened to me dad She'd be able to take care of me."  The short break had seemingly done a lot to calm Moira; she spoke with no hesitation or fear.
Waiting outside of the room were Mr. Aherne, his other two children, Lestrade, and Donovan. Both of the Yarders looked at him hopefully and their faces fell identically when he just shook his head. Mr. Aherne appeared to not have noticed this exchange and asked him anxiously: "Is my Moira all right? Did she tell you anything?"
While he hadn’t gone to bed at nine in the evening since he had been in single digits, today he decided that was late enough.  Unlike the previous night, he fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow, and probably would have slept straight through to morning if his sleep had not been interrupted at midnight.  Surprisingly, he woke up when the door opened, giving him a few seconds to collect himself before his room was suddenly flooded with light.  He blinked and looked around the room.  Sherlock was fully dressed and standing in the doorway.
"Well, a child that age needs some freedom.  You can't wrap them in cotton wool their whole lives.  And Rory is bigger than she is.  I never considered that whoever wanted to harm her wouldn't use force to do it."  He took off his glasses and wiped his eyes with his hand.
was the bright spot in his day.  When Phillip next spoke it thankfully distracted him from those thoughts.  "I never told you how I broke my arm."
"No," said Sarah after a moment.  "I read through the whole form and I noticed he said he was sexually active.  He seemed so young that I checked his birth date and I saw he had just turned thirteen the previous day."  She paused.  "That raised warning bells for me.  I told him I wanted to do a more complete examination and I got him in a gown.  There was bruising on his thighs."
"The first time we went back to Her flat I looked all over it and then I went into the bedroom.  It had this really big bed, even bigger than me dad's, and I lay down on it.  She came into the room and asked if She could lie down there too and I said yes.  She took off the blouse and skirt She was wearing first, though.  I looked at Her more than I should have because I'd never seen a grown lady in underwear except me mum and she doesn't count, really.  She didn't say anything, just smiled at me.  There was all this hair near Her knickers.  You could see a lot because they weren't very big, just sort of made out of string.   I knew that happened when you grew up but I didn't think it was going to be that much.  I asked if it hurt when it grew in, like with teeth.  She said no, it was just like normal hair, and I could feel it if I wanted."  Even now, Moira looked haunted.  "I did and then She said I should take my clothes off too.  I did and She rubbed between my legs some more and..."
"Even if it hadn't been the same person, you still would have been able to figure that out," John continued.
John expected Sherlock to try to bolt again, but he didn't. He merely looked away and mumbled, "Yes, it does."
"She would send the pictures to Mycroft."  From the brief look of surprise that crossed Sherlock's face, John guessed that wasn't what he had intended to say.  Fortunately, he didn't try to run away again.
The group members chatted amongst themselves as they waited for the other members to arrive. Rodney arrived shortly after Mari, and shuffled his way to a chair, not saying anything. The bleached tips of his black hair were now dyed a brilliant electric blue. Gloria and Jason came through the door at the same time. "Guess whose daughter is at the top of her class?" said a grinning Jason.
Any thought of Sherlock silently brooding was ruined when they walked through the door. He took his coat off and sent it flying across the room rather than hanging it up. "That monster!" he practically snarled.
"Alla," Sherlock said.  "Good to see you."  He said something in rapid-fire Russian, and she nodded.  "You'll go with James?"  She nodded again.
A case like this has no chases or dramatics. Just pain. But you see small bursts of strength in it. Two of the victims found in each other the exact same thoughts and feelings and are now friends. Family going the extra mile to help. Former co-workers willing to say they did think something was odd and if they didn't say anything then, they will now. Old friends willing to do anything to help the prosecution make things right.
John wasn't sure how he managed to hear it, since the door wasn't particularly noisy.  But he did hear the faint creak of a door opening and he looked towards the back of the court, wondering why someone would be coming in when the trial was ongoing.  A man stood in the doorway.  He scanned the courtroom, and scowled.  He shut the door and vanished.  While that was strange enough, what really stood out to him was the man's black hair hanging in his eyes.  It took him only a second to make the connection.
"No, because he's not part of the charges, just to indicate a pattern of behavior.  After he's testified we'll bring in the investigators and some others.  It'll be a while in any case.  Victim One's going to be testifying next."  Lou motioned for a cab.  When one pulled up to the curb he said "I'll see you tomorrow," as he climbed in.  John hailed a separate cab and rode silently back home.  He considered picking up some takeaway, but there was enough food in the flat to eat now, and he wanted to get home as quickly as possible.  He needed to see how Sherlock had done with all the trial coverage.  Knowing him, he'd have picked up every newspaper in the city and watched every broadcast about it online.
"You'll need to take that stuff off so it can be put in the wash."  John gave Hamish a look and was relieved to see the bee was clean.  "If you want me to leave for that I will."
"No further questions," Harvey said.  John couldn't tell whether she was satisfied or not.  Sherlock slumped down in the stand as Harvey went back to the defense table.  He didn't move until the usher grabbed his arm, and then he sort of wobbled out as Lou made his way up to the stand.
As soon as he opened the door to the flat, he heard Sherlock say: "I thought you were going to be at the trial."  He was sitting in his chair, nothing at his side, not even Hamish.  He had dark circles under his eyes that made him look especially fatigued.
John could see where this was going and cut him off before he finished the sentence.  "If what you're talking about is masturbating, that still doesn't mean you enjoyed it.  That's just all the experience you've had with sex and it carries over.  She is the adult here.  Not you.  Even if you demanded something from her when you first met, she has the responsibility to refuse. Legally you cannot consent."
And at last, at long last, he was with this amazing person who wanted him back. What were the odds of that?
A strange sense of relief washed through him like sun pouring over pavement on a cold day. He should have been upset or insulted, ready to confront her, but he wasn’t. The relief was followed by the cottony feeling of numbness; an inertia that slid through him like molasses. The relief lay low, a perilous conclusion to a question he didn't even know he had.
Maroon carpeting swirled with a mix of green, to perfectly reflecting his state of mind. Murky. Chaotic. Flat. All at once, a conflict of feelings.
John clutched his hands together. “I saw your bookshelf. And Mike told me. That you’re kind of a true crime junkie.”
John squirmed as discomfort wriggled around in his chest. As a child, he’d spent hours dreaming that he’d join the army one day like his dad. Hamish Murray had been an army captain, trained in weapons operations and hand-to-hand combat before an injury cast him out on disability. When John was a small and scrawny thing hardly higher than his dad’s knee, Hamish liked to tell him stories about his army days: showin’ up bigger men with his expertise, commanding them, embarrassing them. When the bullies dealt John a battered lip and torn homework papers, Hamish Murray had taught him how to throw a punch. And then how to shoot a gun.
William looked as if he suppressed an eye roll as he said, “A person sexually aroused by another person who has committed murder and rape. Sometimes used to refer to prison groupies.”
It’s always cold, but he hardly notices anymore. More pressing is the need for morphine, as one side of his face bulges with the tumor. A medulloblastoma that obscures the vision in his right eye and makes his head appear misshapen. His mother covered the mirror over the fireplace and the bathroom.
Unless it would impact his mental health not to open it, in which case she would tell him maybe open it among friends.
“Yeah,” he’d said, and clasped his hands together, his elbows on the armrests. “Yeah. I’ll start looking.”
“Why don’t you just text him already? Honestly, you two,” Mary said in her breezy, chiding way. She knitted on the sofa as some BBC drama played out on the telly. John wasn’t even sure what the plot was.
John doesn’t move. The hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck raise as goosebumps riddle his arms. He tries again. “John?”
Gayle met John’s gaze. “Pleasure.” The tightness around her eyes and brittle edges of her smile belied her sincerity. “You can finish your conversation later. Sorry, John, I need Nora now.”
John grabbed his hand and pulled him to the sofa to sit. “So, um. It was good. We talked about holiday plans.”
John pulls back, giving him an incredulous stare. “Pardon me? I said no such thing.” He’s fully awake now. He’s John again. Not who he was before. Not with those stone grey eyes, and the blank look as flat as a doll’s stare.
He roused himself from the orgasm-induced torpor to focus his efforts on Sherlock who watched him with something like adoration on his face. “You’re beautiful,” Sherlock said.
John touches his body and looks down at himself, as if he expects to see something else. He grabs Sherlock’s hand again. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’ve...I’ve gone ‘round the bend, I think.” Tears glimmer in his eyes. “I need help.”
“That was it. That’s when she reached the end of her rope. I don’t think she ever really believed in the mission, but he was...he was persuasive, and he scared us, and I don’t think she ever thought highly of herself. I think she was always scared to be on her own. But she had some friends up here, friends from college. And we left. Hamish passed out on the couch, and she packed us up and left with the car. That same night.” They’d left at sometime past two in the morning and only stopped twice for bathroom breaks and gas. Jean Watson drove until they reached Guilford, Connecticut, fighting I95 traffic on the way and not getting in until night had dropped its curtain. Long stretches of silence with only the radio playing dangled between his mother’s promises of a “better life,” and “your dad’s not actually a bad person, he’s just a scared person.”
“As did I.” William’s smile grew broader as his brow smoothed. “It’s okay, John. I’m glad for you. Please go and enjoy yourself. We haven’t committed to anything, isn’t that right?”
John didn’t look at him. Couldn’t. Just stared hard at the man in front of him who was prying into his secrets as if it was any of his business.
Sherlock extends his hand toward him. John shuffles over, takes it, and lets Sherlock pull him into his lap. Sherlock holds John around his waist, while John settles his arms around Sherlock’s neck, and drops his head.
And Mike said that he hadn’t known William to date anyone at all. Yet, here William was dating John.
“I didn’t spend much time with him. You’d have to ask Sherlock.” The telly droned. Some detective drama in some quaint, English village. Sherlock would have all sorts of caustic remarks for it if he were there.
“Yeah, would be pretty sticky if we saw other people and brought them home, wouldn’t it?” His voice is back to normal, but his face is tight. His fingers haven’t yielded to Sherlock’s touch.
That was just last week. He hadn’t made a move to look for a job. And here, this job had fallen into his lap like someone had fashioned it just for him. Homeless veterans? A liaison between the hospital and the shelter? Shit, it hit all his buttons. Mike was right. He was the ideal candidate.
John exhaled, pushing those thoughts from his head. Sitting here letting those thoughts spiral like vultures wasn’t doing him any good.
John frowned, pensive. Sherlock didn’t have friends. Well, he did. Begrudgingly, in some ways. Like Lestrade and Molly and Mrs. Hudson. And John, of course.
He’s categorised everything he knows about the doll once called Rose in his Mind Palace. A foggy room with a strong lock holds his accompanying nightmares. He paces outside the door and considers the lock.
When she gets back inside, she lights a sage bundle. It not only conceals the smell of cigarettes, but also drives away the medicinal odour in the house. As she walks from room to room, she is reminded of their extravagant life by shelves of statuary and other remembrances of their exotic travels. Below the painting collection started by her husband, of the latest in modern expressionism. Walks past the furnishing from Crate & Barrel and West Elm, the mid-century modern tables and chairs and throws. Her feet pad softly on the wool rug hand-woven by an artist in Maine. All this money, all this success, and still, her son will die.
“William.” He smiled weakly and tugged on the lapel of his jacket. The room seemed to fill with hot air as he waited for William to say something. Anything.
That's when John remembered where he sat. The bottle of lube was tucked away in the crack on this end. He pulled it out and showed it to Sherlock. "And are you free?"
“Then...okay.” His heart pumped like he'd been running. Running away from and running toward... he couldn't say.
“Okay. Thank you.” John rubs the back of his neck. “I appreciate you listening to me and taking me seriously.”
Sherlock lurches forward. John grabs the doll first and twists his body, shielding her from Sherlock’s outstretched arms.
It was a white-hot cleansing, and a burgeoning dawn. Awake and alert to what seemed like a new plane of existence, John placed his fingers at the first button of William’s shirt. He met William’s eyes.
It’s not something we’re going to concern ourselves with. We just want you to be happy. And after everything that happened...we’re glad you’ve found someone.”
“John,” Sherlock tries to hold his voice steady as fragmented thoughts pummel against the walls of his Mind Palace. “John, you said…” His hands ball into fists.
“You’re serious?” John broke into laughter, doubled over at the bar and wiped his eyes. “How long do you think you have until she notices?”
“Yeah,” John says. He seems a little embarrassed, the way he shifts his stance and sucks in his cheeks.
John wondered if he should ask about Victor. He typed out a message, erased it, let his fingers dance around the edge of the letters, ignored the nervous tingle in his stomach. Licked his lips, rubbed them with his fingers, and stared at the ceiling.
“He’s alert today,” Mrs Hudson says. She’s a kindly woman, who loves to bake and cleans even though that wasn’t what she was hired to do. She makes a ton of tea and fusses over Sherlock and Viola every day she’s here. If Viola wasn’t so done with religion, she’d swear the woman was an angel incarnate. She doesn’t even glance at the cigarette in Viola’s hand.
He clutched the paper in his hand. His knuckles turned bone white. Blood pounded through him as his stomach churned like a pit of magma. All the angles of the building and the slats of light convalesced into a single plane, one that tilted and sent him off-kilter. Post office noises were muted. Distant. He gritted his teeth as he hugged all his mail tighter to him. He commanded himself to move, and marched out of the post office, heedless of Bonnie crying after him, “John? John? Are you alright?”
“Oh, he’s...man, they all have stories, but he...I shudder to think of the things he’s seen.” Ned Avery told bone-chilling stories of what they could only describe as murder and mayhem. John did his best to forget them when he left the clinic. “He blames himself, you know? Even though he was following orders. It haunts him. And, y’know, I think that’s why he is the way he is now. He doesn’t think he deserves more than the clothes on his back. I’m trying to talk him into therapy, but he’s...old-fashioned. He doesn’t want to go over it with a ‘shrink.’ The shelter volunteers tell me he sometimes wakes screaming at night.”
“But I wasn’t on that camera. There were no messages recorded anywhere that could be used against me. Nothing. They tried to say there was no way I couldn’t know what she was up to. I had to explain over and over that I was in med school and I was so busy… Sometimes she was out with David, and every once in a while she was on a day trip or a weekend trip with her friend Rosamund.” He snorted with laughter. “Turns out there was no Rosamund. Just another one of her lies. Just like David. I’d say Mary was out with David on some night or another, and the cops would laugh and tell me David hadn’t seen her in months. And how was I letting my wife run around with some other guy all the time?
“Jesus Christ, I don’t mean to be like this.” He raised his eyes to the ceiling as he rubbed one hand over his mouth. The ceiling was a yellowed beige. Not especially pleasant. “I have baggage, and I’d rather…” But he couldn’t bring the words to the surface.
Until Sherlock pointed out the mud left behind on the carpet. The impressions of Craven’s boots in the shag, the rug fibers bent in one direction like shoe-shaped crop circles in a farmer’s field.
John grinned. “I like that you’re already catching on.” The distance between them seemed too far but then suddenly Sherlock was there, cupping the back of John’s neck and framing the side of John’s face with his other hand. John leaned forward and sealed their mouths together. The first kiss, the first touch of lips, the gasp they shared between them - it was what John imagined it must have been like for the first living thing to breathe air out of water, that exchange of molecules and that path of tissue into the new lungs.
John glanced toward the mouth of the hallway leading to the bedrooms. Not a sound from Mary. Not even the quiet burble of her programme.
He chuckled, though his skin crawled with uncertainty. He wasn’t in the habit of revealing the John Watson tie to the author James Sholto. “I’ve published a couple books, but nothing too noteworthy or exciting.”
“It wasn’t gallivanting. It wasn’t...I missed you every day. And since then, I’ve done what I can to keep you alive and...happy.”
A pained noise explodes from John, who fists the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown and buries his face in his chest. “But I - “
John’s orgasm crept up on him, tension building and burning low in the cradle of his hips. It came like a catapult, launching his body into a rictus of ecstasy. Come spattered his stomach and he rode out the aftershocks, releasing his dick but keeping his grip on Sherlock’s. “Oh, oh, god. Oh god, Sherlock.”
William said he knew about John’s past because he’d googled him, but what if he was one of those people who sought titillation by lingering close to the drama of someone who’d been accused of serial murders? Crime fascinated William. Even Mike once described him as a true crime
John extended his hand for a handshake and was almost bowled over as Mike threw an arm around him in a hug and slapped his back.
John had so few secrets from Sherlock. Sholto being one of them, though he could never quite say why he kept Sholto a secret. He wasn’t a secret, so much as someone John never mentioned. To Sherlock. The awkwardness of that situation still sat in his gut, an uncomfortable squirm of recognition that he had never meant for the two to meet. When he’d seen Sholto at his wedding, his brain clouded over with a mixture of joy and panic. The shock that he was present was accompanied by a gut-deep fear that Sherlock certainly wouldn’t miss him, and would know what he meant to John. And then - then all of those declarations of “I’m not gay!” would come into question -
Sherlock knows which of the steps will creak, so he skips over those as he climbs the stairs, his heart quiet in his chest, his breathing shallow.
“Well, she doesn’t go into the garage normally. My car is parked there and we use it for storage. I figure I have until spring to warm her up to the idea.”
Kahlil Gibran writes “Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.” This rings true deep inside her chest, and still, she can’t help but feel selfish. That somehow it’s true for other mothers, but not true for herself. That Sherlock is hers.
Mary had swore to him that she wanted nothing to do with her old, dangerous life. That what she wanted more than anything was to be his wife and be a good mother to Rosie. A chance at a normal life. In some ways, it seemed a waste of her talents. It was unfair of him to continue living on that edge while he asked her to remain...inert. Yet, he was too selfish to remove himself from the cases. Some wild part of him sang like a feral dog when the hunt was on, when the danger was near. Made life worth living. She didn't seem to resent him for it, but when he thought about it, his nerves vibrated beneath his skin like fireflies trapped in a jar.
He stared at the words as his fingers clenched into fists. It wasn’t fair. In his appointment with Ella the other day, he’d griped about his astronomical debt. His work as a mystery author, along with the odd job here and there, wasn’t enough to cover his bills and back-breaking student loans. Had he become the doctor he’d wanted to be, he probably would have been fine. But secluding himself in the green Vermont countryside and writing to earn his keep wasn’t cutting it. What he ‘wouldn’t give for a regular paycheck,’ he’d said to her.
As they settle on the squeaky leather seats - freshly cleaned with the smell of leather polish in the air - he regards John again. John’s chewing on the inside of his lower lip, his eyes flinty and small.
“Mum didn’t show up for work the next day. Phone calls to the house went unanswered. One of her friends stopped there after the end of the school day. The door was unlocked.” His voice has gone flat. Dead. “Dad had cut mom’s throat, and left her body in the kitchen. He was in the bedroom. He’d cut his own throat and bled out on the carpet.”
But that was his old life. It hung behind him like a locked and barred door, and there was no turning around and opening it back up. Instead, he spoke to people like Bonnie, and empathized with her plight over a suicidal grandson, chewed up and spit out by another war overseas.
But now John wanted something different. The closest he could get to it at the moment was to lie in his bed alone, remembering oxblood-dark curls, and eyes shining like prisms.
He didn’t have anything more than that. Even staring at the impossibly handsome face of Victor Trevor was giving him nothing. Sherlock would take one glance at the photo and deduce at least ten things about his life. John could only guess that he had money.
And this was part of the problem with staying here with Sherlock. With the possibility of becoming roommates with him again. Letting himself be ensnared by the gravitational pull of Sherlock’s orbit once more. Swallowed by the man’s supernova energy.
Rosie smiled, which pulled an answering smile from his face. They began sliding matching pieces together.
“Um, no, actually.” John placed his medkit back on the shelf, praying this line of questioning would end.
John nodded as he leaned his elbow onto the counter. “Yeah, never a good idea for someone struggling with addiction to go back to the same environment.”
John stalled. This response wasn’t what he was expecting, and the spew of words he just released was...telling. “I - “
Sherlock could appreciate a unique name, so that didn’t help Joe’s case, in Sherlock’s good opinion.
William’s smile grew wider. He seemed incandescent with pleasure, like a burning star coming down to earth. “To new beginnings, then?”
The hour dragged by. He made small talk with a couple of strangers, listened to Mike and Anita grouse about parenthood as they sucked down their drinks, and nursed his own drink as slowly as he could. When he stood awkwardly in a corner of the kitchen playing a game on his phone, he decided enough was enough and slid through the beaded curtain of the kitchen doorway. Mike was by the bar cart again.
John throws a suspicious look at Reynolds. He takes Sherlock by the elbow and angles him so the two of them cut Reynolds out of the circle of conversation. “Well, Sherlock, I think this one’s a wrap. You were brilliant, as always. Shall we pick up Indian on the way home?”
God, William. John’d had crushes in AmeriCorps, attractions that were often short-lived or heightened by close quarters. Flares that burned out quickly. Before he knew what Mary was, he’d treasured her as his friend, at least, until they were married with a baby on the way. Their relationship was already poisoned by the time of her arrest. He’d become numb, thrown himself into his studies to the degree that he ignored physical attraction to others. While becoming a doctor, he surrounded himself with unavailable people—women, and straight men.
Apologies for the delayed chapter. It was a hectic couple weeks with family visits, birthdays, and a brief, non-covid illness. <3
“Get naked and get on me,” William husked. John licked his lips and pulled off his clothes, happy that he’d kept somewhat active over the years, relying on calisthenics routines to keep himself fit.
Ella had smiled. “No. You can’t. I suggest you take small steps. You’ve talked about getting out more. Finding a part-time job to supplement your income. That’s one way you can meet people.”
Bonnie made one of those worried sounds, a cluck of her tongue and a sigh. “I just wish there was something more I could do for him. And for her. But I’m just an old lady and what do I know, right?”
Sherlock’s heart rate speeds up as they walk, John with his chin tilted slightly down, his lips nearly vanished into his mouth. Sherlock waits him out. He’s learned from observation that John isn’t good at expressing his feelings. But then, neither is Sherlock. He’s curious to know what John will say, if anything.
Craven made some unkind comments toward Joe - apparently they had a history where Craven stole Joe’s girl - and Joe had had enough. Distracted Craven with a sight out the window - “
“Yeah.” He picked at the corner of the label on his bottle with a fingernail. “It’s...it’s really good.”
This shit was partly why he’d moved away. He slammed the cabinet door. It echoed through his quiet cabin. “Jesus fucking Christ.” He couldn’t let it happen again. He had to take a stand, sometime. What had his dad said to him? Not that Hamish Murray was the cornerstone of rational behavior, but he’d say,
His voice croaked on the last word. “It was horrible. The last photo was…” He swallowed. Saying it aloud was like dislodging an old splinter in the back of his throat, with a relentless itch and a hot throb of pain. “She’d killed a family and then strung them up like they were sitting down to dinner. She could move them by releasing little levers and pulleys and it was...gruesome. Sick. Insane. I wasn’t even sure of what they were showing me. I mean, I could see the people, I could tell they were dead, but... I threw up. Right there on the floor. And I’ve seen a lot in the ER, you know? I just...couldn’t believe what they were implying. Then they showed me a USB stick they had found in our home. It was full of photos of old people. People that were under her care. People who’d died. And some of those people’s relatives. She never admitted she killed them, but...the evidence.”
“What do you mean ‘why?’ Do you think people should move in together after only dating for six months?”
“No, doc. Won’t have anyone else inside my head. It’s all fucked up in there.” Ned stood, shouldering his knapsack. “Thanks anyway. You’re one of the good ones.” He grabbed the doorknob, and just before he left, he turned and said, “You ever think you might marry again?”
The street was nearly empty. Few cars passed. The pigeons were plentiful, but the people were missing. It was a new world.
Not to mention that with COVID-19 on the rise, he balked at the idea of Sherlock out among the rabble, investigating.
William’s answering smile jump-started a racing beat in John’s chest. “As do you.” His voice, that velvet-dark voice—it made John’s head spin.
When he uncovered his eyes and looked at her, she stared at him with an inscrutable expression. “I see,” she said, her voice icy.
“Yeah, that’s it. You love the taste, don’t you? You’d do anything I tell you to, wouldn’t you?” John murmured as he kept up his stroking, gripping William’s cock tightly. “Bet you’d love it if we didn’t use a condom and you got to come in my ass.”
A burbling rage seized his chest like something shapeless and terrifying. His fingernails cut into his palm with the tightness of his fists, and his stomach was a tense, hard pit.
John’s heart gave a little skip. A tiny knot of panic rose, made itself known to him. But it wasn’t the tremendous panic he used to feel, rather it only nudged at him. Let him know that old fears lay there, but that they weren’t so near the surface as they used to be. “Kiss me, then.”
Migraine medication was prescribed first, followed by a string of doctor’s visits, and finally specialists with tests and large, loud machinery. Whispered conversations with his parents out of earshot, until finally the phrase “brain tumour” was uttered in his presence. Not long after came the word “inoperable.” This led to chemotherapy and radiation, followed by experimental treatments, and his mother’s desperate efforts with homeopathy and acupuncture. Small successes when the tumour shrank, a devastating failure when it stopped responding to treatment, and grew.
“No, you’re not. You really need to work on your sense of humour, actually, because the rest of us do not find severed hands in the bathroom funny.”
John dove back in for another kiss but Sherlock put up one finger. “John, I feel as if I should mention something.”
John clenched his knees with his hands. “You did what you had to do to protect yourself, your unit, and to serve your country. My ex-wife did it because she’s fucked up. And she did it to defenseless people. People who hadn’t wronged her. You killed people who would have killed you if given the chance.”
“Hmph,” Sherlock says, feeling a tightness at the nape of his neck and between his shoulder blades. His equilibrium is upset. Pricked. Prickly. Like cat’s claws walking across his scapulas. He rolls his shoulders.
The silence in the room thickened with the shadows. John bit down on his lip. He could still see the glimmer of that gun in the yellow light of their living room, the orange shag carpet worn in places beneath Hamish Murray’s boots, the sofa that sagged in the middle behind him, bracketing him as he swore and shouted. Tears streaming down a face not unlike the one John saw in the mirror.
In Stamford, Connecticut? He couldn’t imagine showing his face in the state! The crumpled letter in his car proved someone hadn’t forgotten. And they didn’t normally operate alone. Bullies liked to dogpile.
His palm cradled the phone again. It was only seven o’clock on a Sunday night. He could call...how would he start? What if his questions sounded like accusations and rightfully frightened William off? Insulted him? John could sabotage the first genuine relationship he’d ever had.
John stared at the book, now sitting on the coffee table. “And I can’t believe this is - this is all coming out now. I’m still in a bit of a haze.”
...kept fucking finding me, the fucking lot of them. Animals. With nothing better to do than persecute me, even after I’d proved my innocence. They write letters to her, you know? She writes back. I think they even allow visits. She can be so...
Sherlock laughed. “I recognize the chemicals of lust quite easily. Yet, it was another passage that cemented the conclusion. From Victor Hugo: ‘When two souls, who have sought each other for however long in the throng, have finally found each other...a union, fiery  and pure as they themselves are...begins on earth and continues forever in heaven.’”
“Only one officer was really listening. That was Sally Donovan. I think she was the only one that really believed me early on. It was...the whole thing was a nightmare. I spent some time in jail while awaiting court, before Mike and Molly paid my bail.”
John put the book down in his lap. “My voice needs a rest. Why don’t you talk for once?” it came out as more of a statement than a question.
“I’m happy for you. When you first told me, I have to say it surprised me. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that the two of you fit each other. Are there going to be wedding bells someday?”
John elbows him hard in the stomach. Sherlock pins him against the wall. His right hand slips between the wall and John, latching onto an arm of the doll. He keeps his upper weight against John and his feet braced against the floor, away from John’s angry stomps and kicks.
For now, he would do his part on the frontline. When it was safe, he could see Rosie again. In the meantime, each night he would return home to this flat, and to the man he loved. In the unspooling of all his old fears and griefs, and with Sherlock by his side, they would learn what they would become. Together.
“William, seriously? Have you even lifted a thing?” John slapped the heavy box he carried onto the ground.
“No,” John says. “Put on your big boy pants and make yourself something to eat. I’m not the maid and I’m not the cook, and I’m not your bloody errand boy.”
“So, I was talking with my mom,” John said as he rubbed the back of his neck. He curled his toes into the carpet. “It was a good talk. You know. There’s been a lot of things left unsaid over the years and I’ve been kind of angry about it.”
“Daddy? Will you do the puzzle with me?” Rosie held up a puzzle box with the picture of a cartoon sloth hanging from a limb.
“Oh my god, Mike, she’s going to eviscerate you. It was really nice knowing you, though.” He clapped Mike on the back.
He would not spew his feelings here at this party. Or anywhere, really. Not even Ella got to dig that deep into the muck with a simple ‘How are you, really?’ tossed at him.
A woman hurried two wide-eyed kids along, her palms on their shoulders and concerned wariness etched into her features. He waved to her in a useless gesture, and slumped in his seat. His eyes landed on the letter in his lap. Summoning all of his anger, he balled it up in his fist and threw it onto the passenger floor. “Fuck you,” he told it.
“Wonderful!” He’d forgotten just how expressive Mike was, the kind of guy to wave his hands about and put his whole body into his speech when his dander was up. He pumped both fists and almost hopped for joy, like a child right there in the lobby. “I’ll text you the address. Anita and I plan to be there at seven.”
Then they were giggling with John’s face buried in William’s neck, bodies shaking, arms wrapped around one another, as close as a single figure in bed, rocking with joy.
Thank you so much to all those who read, dropped kudos, and commented as this went along. I don't expect that it will be reading material for many with these kinds of tags, but like I said, it is special to me. I am very grateful that an audience found it and appreciated it. Thank you.
The corner of William’s mouth tugged upward as he ducked his head. It was a familiar, endearing movement that tugged on something inside John’s chest. And with that pulling sensation, his doubts vanished as if a knot had come undone. It was...odd, how settled he felt in the other man’s presence.
When they arrived, John unlocked the door and ushered in Ned. “I got my first aid kit in here. How are your ribs? Any pain anywhere?”
“Really, thank you. This was great.” He brushed past her and headed for the door. His stomach jittered with nerves, but he ignored the looks he got as he hustled across the room. He most definitely didn’t look at William. He didn’t see Mike or Anita.
“I’m—I’m surprised to see you here,” John said finally. He cleared his throat. “You’re a donor, then?”
“I mean it.” Sherlock ducks his head, hopes his blush isn’t obvious in the low light of the backseat of the cab.
when my transport tries to get the best of me.” He indicated his sickbed. “And to be romantically entangled? It is a chemical defect. Nothing more. And yet, it seems it’s all you want to hear from me when we have these little talks about our pasts. Why haven’t I considered romantic love? Why won’t I date anyone? On our first night together, you were curious to know almost immediately if I were in a relationship. I may be out of touch when it comes to social niceties, John, but I know that’s not one of the normal questions two blokes immediately inquire about over dinner. Especially while chasing a murderer.”
John looked down. Sure enough, the thin curve of plastic sealing was there, intact. The bottle was unopened. John's face flamed as he palmed his forehead. "I'm an idiot."
“A pleasure, Doctor Watson,” Victor said and stood to shake his hand. John thought again of COVID-19 and remembered he had a travel size bottle of hand sanitiser in his pocket.
“I know I fucked it up. I didn’t want to have to tell you...about my past. I thought...I thought for sure you’d...politely put me off. Or run off screaming, which I wouldn’t blame you for.” He swallowed against a lump in his throat. “But you already know.”
Anger issues. Trust issues. Same old, same old. It resurfaced now and again in their sessions, but this last time...this last appointment was different. And not just the last appointment, but the last few. The anger was getting old, like a creaky hinge begging for oil. He was tiring of it himself, the constant grating, the sharpness, the heaviness.
“No, I mean about the coronavirus. Cases are rising in Britain. You really shouldn’t stand too close to people, and make sure you wash your hands -”
“I ended it. I knew it was wrong. I'm not proud. I wanted to hurt Mary. I was...I wasn’t myself for a long time. I was angry and I was feeling tired and like I’d been played for a fool, by her and by you. I wanted something simple. With someone who made me feel young and appreciated.”
“Come, now. I’ve made room in the drawer below that one. I’ll work on the closet and in no time, you’ll be properly moved in.”
“Right.” John wavered. “So, I wonder if you have a personal reason for it? Is that alright for me to ask?”
John gives a little chuckle, and slides his thumbs into the loops of his belt on each hip. “So you saw her then?”
Okay, so Sherlock was helping out an “old friend” and this friend ran a successful restaurant chain. Probably another posh twat like Wilkes.
“He’s telling me, in his note ‘Think about it.’ He’s telling me to consider what I told him in so few words. That I could not return his affections because they were already spoken for.”
John could imagine it. William was curious about many things. Probably couldn’t help himself. “How much do you know already?”
“So...I—just out of curiosity, why did you decide to support homeless veterans? Which, I think it wonderful, there’s nothing wrong with that—”
John dug into his bottom lip with his teeth, hands hanging between his knees. “I’m...I want to know the real reason you’re with me.”
He could feel the weight of Sherlock’s stare, like the sun beating down on a hot day. “You don’t know what you want, or you don’t know how to ask for it?”
His articles? He’d written those years ago. John slammed his mug on the desk. The loud clunk jarred him into movement. He swept up out of his chair and through the front door, fingering his cell phone in his pocket as he stepped off his porch. Peat and pine were redolent in the air. Lawn grass grew unevenly. A thin, leaf-littered trail slinked through the towering trees and over the hummock, opening to a swampy glen.
“And then he killed someone. It was an accident, they say. It happens. But he killed someone, and he couldn’t take it. I think it ate at him. He started going to his local more and more and he’d come back pissed. Mum could handle him, though. She’d just get him through the door and cleaned up and in bed.”
Sherlock wakes with a start. Sweat lays cold along his shoulders and in the dips of his clavicles. For a second, he can think only of those dolls: beady-eyed, malicious, dead gazes all. Bisque and China dolls. Plastic dolls and cloth dolls. Joyous, innocent smiles turned eerie and sinister. A roomful of dolls, their sightless eyes settled on him.
“So, not far from your clinic. That’s excellent. Let me introduce you to some of your biggest donors.”
“Sorry. You’re right. I need to make changes. I’ve...I’ve got to do something different. Maybe I move out to Colorado, or start a new life somewhere. Meet someone. I can’t—I can’t let this control the rest of my life.”
“I. Well, I have some questions to ask you. And I’m afraid to ask them because I think they might...stop this between us. I—” John inhaled. “I need a moment. Jesus. I just...I find it hard to talk sometimes.”
John’d probably seemed hysterical to Molly’s friends when he left—like a disorderly, unhinged drunk. But it had been so long since John had laughed like that.
Victor laughed, long and throaty as he threw himself down in John’s chair. “You keep telling yourself that.” The look he gave Sherlock was predatory, filled with obvious longing as he swept his eyes over the length of Sherlock's body.
He preferred the way things were now, where he and Sherlock went on cases while Mary watched over Rosie. It might seem a bit sexist, but he belonged at Sherlock’s side, and he didn’t do it nearly as much as he liked. Instead, he focused on building his practice. Providing for his family. Meeting his need for a thrill by doing a couple cases a week, or if there was no case, sitting up watching bad telly and eating calorie-dense takeaway.
John walked across the floor and yanked him into an embrace. “When I'm there, I’ll be thinking of you.”
John grins as he crawls back into the bed. “I like it. Sherlock Holmes has a bit of a weakness and it involves child’s playthings.”
At times, dark times, he thought it would be easier if he just didn’t exist. He’d idealized how he’d do it. Ella worried about him carrying a gun, but what did she know about his bleakest hours?
How could John have missed it? The upright posture and rolled back shoulders. William cultivated a neatness in appearance that apparently wasn’t all due to the stereotypical standards of grooming for a gay man. That self-assured air could have been cultivated not just from his worldly experiences, but from time spent in the military.
John straightened. Made himself speak. “So, I’d like another date, if I haven’t entirely fucked it up. I’d like to make it up to you.”
John tilts his head. “No. Don’t have a reason to, really. It’s interesting, but I don’t have any reason to move it.”
“I’m at a loss, John, as to why you insist on knowing more about a part of myself that I have put aside, and have made peace with. I
He shudders - and then he hears it, the soft whisper to the right of the bed. It slips over him like the sweep of silk, a cord intended to strangle, the shroud intended for burial. In the darkness, his and John’s breathing can be heard, but also the low, disquieting noise of words dragged through reedy vocal cords.
John licked his lips. The loathing and the thick, wet knot of his feelings grew tense in his chest, settling in like a soaked, woolen blanket. “You’re trying to avoid? Did - was it okay with Victor here?”
“So when I went to uni, and Harry had finished school and moved nearby and started her career, I thought everything was fine. Dad had retired. Mum was still working and taking care of him. Harry did some of their shopping and helped out around the house. I thought it would be fine for me to go to school and...I thought it would be fine.” He swallows.
Hamish’s balled fist flashed before his eyes. The smell of beer was pungent in the space between them like a second punch to the face. “And I believed those things, too. You know...a New World Order, some secret cabal that has survived the centuries with the singular intention of world domination. That immigrants, gays, and feminists were at fault for all of men’s ills. I questioned the legitimacy of our government, and I believed that one day I might have to fight it.”
He closes his eyes, thinking of the pale eyes of the doll, and the sinister intentions he thought lay there.
He strolled into his office with his beer and grabbed his laptop from the desk. Brought it out to the sofa. Opened it. Typed “Victor Trevor” into the search bar.
“Fine,” he says. “But you’re making room for my clothes in that closet of yours. I’m not trudging up the stairs every time I need a change.”
John shakes him. Sherlock jerks upright, the word “No!” ripping up from his diaphragm and out his mouth like a thunderous geyser.
It didn’t matter. John’d made a fool of himself at the party, and he was a stubby guy with anger issues and a weird nose. And that was before anyone knew who his ex-wife was. Everyone at that party would talk about his sordid, astonishing history at some point. Peter Lysenko, and too-much-makeup Gayle knew. They’d talk. By the end of the night, everyone would know that he was
Sherlock places his crates on the floor and puts the skull back into its spot. The bat case is backwards. He adjusts it to face the right way.
The figure dropped from his fingers, shattered when it hit the floor. The head spun and spun, until finally, it slowed and came to a stop. The huntsman’s bearded face stared at John.
Sherlock’s a reasonable, rational man, no matter what others may say about him. It’s no surprise to him that he comes off as eccentric and a bit mad because he refuses to subscribe to social parameters - and it’s his logic that has brought him to this point. He also recognises his weaknesses - he’s moody, easily bored, prickly, and condescending.
But in the years since, it was all men in random hookups and online sex chats. For a little while, he’d convinced himself that it was because men were easier than women. Men went looking for casual sex. Women didn’t. That’s why it was all men, all the time.
John turned the tables on him by twisting him around and shoving Sherlock down on the bed. He crawled on top of him, mouths crashing together as he sprawled over him - but not before he noticed the outline of Sherlock’s erection in his pyjama bottoms. Reaching between them, he unbuttoned his own trousers and adjusted his cock upright - the wet tip showing just above the waistband of his pants. Sherlock watched as he did, and when his mouth parted with a hungry look in his eyes, a fire broke loose in John. It made him loose-limbed, heady with a hot desire as Sherlock flipped him onto his back and dove for his cock. He licked and sucked at the tip. John moaned loud and long.
Not everyone was psychopathic. He’d just been the unfortunate victim of a psycho. Mostly, people were kind and well-intentioned, if they weren’t too absorbed in themselves. Even among his dad’s militia buddies. He’d met assholes there, men that picked at him or others just to throw their weight around. Who would browbeat one another into a puerile pecking order. But even the assholes, over time, gained respect on account of qualities others admired. Cohesion was the goal of their unit, just the same as it was on a medical team in an ER or OR.
“You, John.” Sherlock pulled his eyes away and John wished he could grab his face, pull it back, make Sherlock look at him. Repeat what he was saying. But oh how Sherlock hated to repeat himself. How John hated it sometimes - sometimes, not always - when Sherlock made him feel stupid. Again he had the feeling at being at the cliff's edge, arms pinwheeling, no one to catch him.
The man leaning against the wall was none other than the Vietnam vet, Ned Avery, with his red-rimmed, watery blue eyes, and white, puffy brows. Blood gleamed on his lip.
“And it makes me think of all those stupid sayings, like ‘move heaven and earth.’ Goddamnit, of course anyone would move heaven and earth for their bloody kids. You’d catch the moon, you’d pluck the stars from the sky if you could. If he needed it and if I could, I’d reach into the sky and just snatch the moon from the darkness and hand the bloody rock to him, just for him, our moon. Just to see the reflective light in his face as he’d look at it in wonder, and then in wonder at me, at the might of his mother. But that’s not what it is. At the end of the day, people are just animals and subject to all the same laws of nature. At the end of the day, it’s all a bunch of rot.”
While Sherlock peeled off his bottoms, John broke the seal on the lube, and slicked up his cock. Sherlock’s pupils were blown as he watched John pleasure himself. “You like watching, huh?” John teased.
He snatched it from the top. Mary’s handwriting neatly looped across the top. His name. His address. The return address at York Correctional.
John turned his head to brush his nose against William’s. “Thank you. I’m...I’m so happy to have you in my life. And I’m sorry I didn’t say the words you were waiting to hear.”
Sherlock turns his head into John’s stomach and breathes in. Televised gunshots punch the air. The scents of soap and cotton and skin fill his nostrils, and he sighs.
“Mr. William Vernet, allow me to introduce you to Doctor John Watson, the Program Director for the Valor VA Clinic.”
John ran his tongue over his teeth, as if he might find words hiding somewhere in the crevices. None were to be found, though his chest grew tight with feeling. Panic sent a cold sweat over the nape of his neck.
“Anyway, I do appreciate the advice you gave me on what services the VA should be able to provide to him. Leslie’s in a fright, but we can only help him as much as he wants to be helped.” She sounded like she was trying to convince herself.
John’s eyes meet his. “To your work?” Notes of curiosity and repressed anger dance through his tone.
Sherlock chuckled. John began to wonder if there actually was a case at all. Sherlock didn’t usually act so...at ease if there was a case on.
“I want to know more about Woody81,” William said quickly. “What the nature of your relationship is, and what it’s been.” He ducked his head. “I must tell you that the urge to steal your phone and read through your history has been very tempting.”
Sherlock tucks the body of the doll under his arm, and touches his shoulder. “It’ll be alright,” he says. “You’re alright.”
"Stop it! You're too kind!" Molly’s face was pixie-like, with her pointed chin and shining brown eyes. But her face was the only familiar thing. Her look back in med school had included glasses, a messy ponytail, oversized sweaters, and ripped jeans. If ever they got dressed up and went out, she usually ended up overdressed with a clownish level of makeup.
Amazingly, although his whole expression darkened, Douglas' tone remained flat. "Whatever it is you want to do, you'll be only doing here when I am at home." He went on. "You will not do anything even remotely mean-spirited to Arthur under penalty of being thrown out of the house."
“I met Jennifer's mother, Debra Bena, almost eight years ago.  At a particularly low class club, I'm sorry to say. I was a foolish person then, not concerned with much but having a good time and doing the easiest work possible.  She was a good dancer, liked to drink, and had lovely long brown hair.  All of that was enough to intrigue me, and we both wanted the same things.  So our good times became shared ones. I don't think either of us took our relationship very seriously until Debra got pregnant.  Not a birth control failure, as we took no precautions in the first place.  She said she wanted us to raise the child together, and I agreed with her.  I don't know if either of you have children, but you're both aware that a child changes a person, for better or for worse.”  He looked down at his daughter's picture.  “So I decided I should get my act together.  Stopped all the clubbing, found a better job.  Debra had a difficult pregnancy and had to spend most of it on bed rest.  But when Jennifer was born all seemed well. Debra wanted to stay at home with Jennifer and I agreed to that.  Looking at it now I think she had post-partum depression, but I didn't see it at the time.  She wasn't taking care of Jennifer, just staying in bed.  When she was three it got to the point where I didn't feel safe leaving her with her mother, so I left and filed for custody.  Debra filed in response and we each had her alternating weeks. I think she started using drugs before I left, but I know she was using them a few weeks after I left.  She used crack mostly, and MDMA.  According to her she kept it from Jennifer, and I think that was mostly true.”
"Would you like to get something to eat?  Not in this courtroom, I mean," John added.  "We can talk if you'd like."
"Yes.  Somewhat.  After a few weeks I was pretty sure that her parents weren't the ones who had assaulted her.  She wasn't afraid of them and she never mentioned them being abusive.  There was some obvious neglect on her mother's part.  Jennifer said she slept a lot and would forget to make meals.  Her father seemed more capable of taking care of her."
For the next hour, people slowly trickled into the room.  Most wore a press badge on the front of their shirt; some had cameras, video equipment, and tablets of both the electronic and traditional variety.  They conversed with each other as easily as the buffalo did.  Unlike the buffalo, they didn't seem surprised by John's presence.  Other people without press badges came in and sat themselves down.  They clustered together and all seemed to speak in unison; none of them made any attempt to speak quietly, but they couldn't be made out amongst the din anyway.
"I got to read all kinds of books.  She made nice things for me to eat and let me sit in Her lap and we'd watch telly together.  Even after school She was always glad to see me and wanted to hear about my day.  She let me have a chemistry set there since my mother wouldn't allow it."
Originally John was going to refuse, and Sherlock was going to just sneak overe there. However, I felt that would just make the Yard tell him to stay away and thus backfire, so I had John relent.
"I was in the back seat of her car again and she opened the door and took me out.  I was in a park but a different one than before.  I couldn't really walk so she helped me to a bench there and I just fell down on it."  He had lost his earlier hesitation and once again spoke calmly and confidently.  "I lay there for a while but I'm not sure how long."
He almost said, "A case," before stopping and reminding himself that he wasn't going to reveal Sherlock's identity to anyone he saw.  "He told me," he finally replied, truthfully.
"I understand. It's just... he's in so much pain. I want it to stop." John blinked away the tears in his eyes.
Phillip was soaked to the bone.  He carried a holdall and his flute case.  "I ran away," he said to a startled John.
John felt like he’d had a trip to a parallel universe.  He suddenly couldn’t wait to talk to Mycroft the next day.
She raised her eyebrows before she spoke, like she wasn't sure he'd believe her.  "All I know is that the person who rented it made the offer before my time.  In the past five years I've never seen the renter at all.  Other people in the building have heard noises in there, and the few times I've gone in there myself I've seen some furniture and odds and ends, but never a person.  Very odd.  The tenant - a Dana Lester - sends me checks every month like clockwork, so it's not like I can evict them, and the flat's always clean."
"Edwin's mother was short and dark-haired."  Mrs. Hudson looked up at John to see if he got her meaning.  "When I brought up having children, very early in our marriage, he said he didn't want any children as long as his mother was still alive.  When she died, I was already fifty and past that point."
"About a month ago she asked me if I was angry with her.  I said I wasn't and asked her why.  She said that I'd always said to not talk to people she didn't know and she had anyway.  I told her then that she hadn't just walked up to a stranger and started talking to them, she'd just answered when that woman had talked to her.  Then she said that she'd let her do things that she knew were wrong, and wasn't I mad with her for not telling me about it?  I said then that that woman knew what she was doing was wrong too, and she was an adult.  She was the one who's supposed to know better, not a little girl."  John could see Mr. Aherne give an angry glance to the dock.  "That was hard to hear.   After all that's happened she still feels like the one who's done something wrong.  I'd like to say we haven't had a conversation like that since, but there's been several just like that, I'm sorry to say."
Unlike Phillip (I'll get to him when he is introduced) Moira doesn't gender K because of her fear of being found out.
Before he could hear the rest, Sherlock spoke again.  “Take me home,” he whispered.  He looked like he was about to fall over.
"No.  In fact they were all excellent students, but shortly after they were taken into care they dropped sharply.  All of them later left school without finishing."  There was no mistaking the disgust in Sherlock's voice.  "Lestrade spoke to all of them briefly and they consented to be interviewed."
“One second, Herc!” He gathered together the puzzles and the debris he had brought with him, handed the dog over to the man called Herc (she was still sleeping) and they went out the door together.
, where John gets him a bee picture taken with an electron microscope. Moira, who is a small science nerd already, would think that sort of thing was just great.
"I know where this flat is!  From what the boy said about the design of the building it has to be in one specific part of London, and that part should be near where both Phillip Rodgers and Moira Aherne live.  If I go to that area in the day, it should be easy to find."  He snapped his fingers.
"Well, the father was fighting the mother for custody.  A man who wants to take a little girl from her mother?  It doesn't make sense.  Also, the perpetrator was probably someone known to the child, and statistically it was most likely to be the father."  He seemed pleased with his logic.
“Yes he did.  You must be John Watson,” said one of them.  “Is Dr. Martin in here?”  She sounded very businesslike.
"John, you were a medical student once.  You worked in A&E.  Please don't tell me you're coming to me with..."
"I didn't go to school for it if that's what you mean."  For the first time Mrs. Henderson looked irritated.
Sherlock didn't say anything more; he merely finished his coffee and went back to lying down on the couch.  After John finished his coffee, he said "I'm off," and ducked out the door.
Moira is somewhat aware of the fact Sherlock is supposed to ask her about the abuse, but the fact he didn't directly bring it up at all makes him the least threatening of all the people who have questioned her. She also wants to tell someone as long as she can figure out a way that her family won't be in danger from it.
The man sat down, on the other side of the woman.  "Is there a reason you're reminiscing about that flight?"
"A few days later.  It wasn't at the clinic, though.  Mum'd been yelling at me all day and I walked out of the flat.  There was a park down the street and it didn't have a play yard or anything but there was one of those little round shelters there and I liked to go under it and daydream.  I'd been there a few minutes and I heard Her asking what I was doing hiding under there."  Phillip broke eye contact with Lou and looked at the floor.
"Richard Foster.  He's been on the bench for twenty years.  The defense solicitors are Marvin Clark and Rochelle Harvey.  Both of them have gotten some very big acquittals."  An uncomfortable silence fell between them, and after a minute Lestrade called out: "Lou!  Should have known you'd be early!" to a man getting out of a nearby cab.
Figuring that the sooner this was done the better, John stepped into the girl's room, glad they had at least mentioned her name. The girl in the room was sitting on the bed, one hand holding a book open on the bed, the other clutching a ragged teddy bear that looked far older than she was. She was heavyset, with lighter hair than her father, more a strawberry blond color, but when she looked up at him her eyes were an identical green. She regarded him with obvious suspicion, but no fear that he could see.
While John desperately wanted to ask, he didn't think just saying, "So how did you two get to have sex?" would be anything but rude. Instead he asked the highly sanitized, "Intimacy?"
Even though John finished his food quickly, he didn't go back to the kitchen or up to his room.  The state Sherlock was in was bad enough that he didn't want to leave him alone for more than a few seconds.  At least he was eating, slowly.  John doubted he'd finish more than half the food, but it was something.  For lack of anything else to do, he turned on the BBC news and watched it for an hour as Sherlock picked his way through the food.  Not surprisingly, only about half of it was gone when he picked up his plate and carried it back to the kitchen.  That in itself was odd enough, but when he came right back into the room, sat back down, and stared blankly at the television screen it served to further remind John of the tension still present.
"Egg, bacon, and cheese sandwiches, and your cocoa of course," he said.  "The same room is open today.  Do you know if Victim One is here yet?"
He nodded.  "Initially yes, but when I was to start secondary school we moved to a town farther away that had a school with an excellent reputation.  There were of course public schools willing to accept me, but neither of my parents felt it was a good idea for me to be leaving home for long periods of time.  I wasn't too fond of the idea myself."  He smiled.
Just then Phillip stepped back into the room.  John's clothes were too big for him, since he was so thin, and he looked like he was being swallowed by the jumper and jeans.  He made a beeline to Sherlock.  "I knew if I came here you'd let me in."
"Oh, they're brilliant!  See, I found one at the bookshop and thought it would make a brilliant gift for Douglas!"  As he said it, the other man slipped out the door, which closed with a decisive thud.  The steward reached for one of the bundles at his feet.  He produced a picture book with a large bear hugging an egg on the front.  "So he has all of them, but I got ones for myself!"
After two of the longest hours of his life, they arrived back in London and John directed them both to a cab for home.  The distance wasn't that big and normally he would have just walked it, but he didn't think Sherlock was capable of walking that far.  In fact, when they arrived at Baker Street he seemed unable to even take the few steps inside.  John offered his shoulder again and they limped back to their home, together.  Once they were in the door he guided Sherlock to the couch.  “Sit down and catch your breath,” he said.  “After that we need to talk.”  Maybe talking wasn't the best thing to do right now, psychologically, but John knew very well if they didn't start talking about it now, the gate would go down again.
"No.  There rarely are.  These pictures were especially bad for that; lots of children doing sexual things to each other and some of children engaging in solo sexual activity, but only a few where there are adults you can see.  Even in those cases it's someone's back or side.  Nothing that can identify the person, never any distinguishing marks, much less a face."  Lestrade pointedly avoided looking at Sherlock.  "The images and videos found on the computer may be easier to track down.  We've requested assistance from a place in the States that specializes in online trafficking of minors."
"I sit up next to the judge and the solicitors ask me questions."  While her smile didn't return, she seemed more at ease talking to Sherlock.
"All right. The investigator who's office we are currently using will want to get back to work, so you can go now."
John wasn't sure if he'd actually move or not, and was relieved when Sherlock walked towards the door.  He was careful to stay behind him all the way upstairs, close enough to be ready to help him move but not so close he was crowding him.  As soon as he was through the door Sherlock flopped down on the sofa, not even bothering to take his coat off.  He didn't shift himself in any way, just stared up at the ceiling.  It occurred to John that he had to go to work tomorrow.  He didn't want to miss another day, but at the same time he didn't want to leave Sherlock alone.  For one, he knew there were drugs in the flat somewhere.  He didn't know precisely where they were, or what type they were, but he knew they were there.  Sherlock hadn't promised him that he would tell John if he got the urge to take anything, and while he very well might do so, John wasn't going to count on it.
As soon as he put the water on to boil, Sherlock spoke again.  "There's potentially an infinite number of configurations that may have to be done before the drive could yield information."
"What did you get your bee taken away for?" She sounded curious and somewhat horrified, like she couldn't imagine the crime that would involve such a severe punishment.
"If what I asked you yesterday was too intrusive, I apologize.  I just thought you might feel better if you talked to someone."  That sounded neutral enough.
"Are you sure it's not just some other teenager in the neighborhood?" John dared to ask. He didn't think that was the case, but once again he reminded himself not to assume.
"I'll leave you to it, then.  Goodbye."  As soon as Lestrade disconnected he shut off his mobile and went up the stairs as quietly as he could.  He poked his head in Sherlock's room and to his relief Sherlock looked to be asleep, curled up in a ball on his side while the music still played.
Dr. Dodson's presence was enough to make everyone else sit down to wait.  Mari was the next to arrive.  She had such a big smile on her face that even Eli didn't ask her about a crisis.  "Good to see you here again," she said to John.  "A lot of people don't come to the next meeting."
"Thank you," Sherlock said.  "I know you have more to say but I want to hear your from your brothers first."
"The saxophone is a complex instrument and it is typically recommended that someone wishing to play it start on the clarinet to familiarize themselves with the layout," Sherlock responded in the "you're an idiot for not figuring this out yourself" tone John hadn't heard in days.  "Of course some will find the clarinet pleasing on its own."
“Did Jennifer ever talk to you about those things once you got her back?”  Sherlock also sounded flat.
John showered, shaved, and got dressed in record time.  He didn't want to leave Sherlock alone for too long.  When he got out he was pleased to see Sherlock had at least gotten out his clothes.  "Take a shower," he told him.  "If you're not out in twenty minutes, I'll knock on the door."  John remembered well how red his skin had been after that one nightmare.  Sherlock nodded and headed for the bathroom.  He came out in precisely twenty minutes, looking ghostly pale instead of red.  He did get dressed without further prompting.
Clearly he couldn't have undergone such drastic bodily changes overnight, nor could he have gotten to Germany in that period of time unless there was an airplane involved.  The only explanation for this had to be that he had swapped bodies with the ginger man.  Or more precisely they had swapped consciousnesses.  True, such a thing only existed in theory, but he couldn't have gotten into someone else's hotel room in Germany while also being drastically physically modified in any theory at all.  His first instinct was to ring John, but looked at the one clock in the room and saw it was five-thirty here.  He'd still be asleep, then, and the ginger man (if he was truly in Sherlock's body) wouldn't wake up for several hours; there had been a run of cases until very recently.
John licked his lips as his insides trembled with a soft echo of fear. “I never expected you to be so...poetic. Or drawn to the poetic things, I suppose.”
Sherlock looked bewildered but then the expression on his face furrowed. “Why, John. Were you concerned for my virtue? Such a knight in shining armour, you are. I can assure you that where my virtue is concerned, there is none left. So you needn’t concern yourself whether or not I can fend off the foolishness of Victor’s amorous intentions.”
“Yeah,” he said as he pursed his lips. He’d learned well at his dad’s knee. And he was smaller than the other boys in the Georgia Liberation Front, but he was quick and he hit where it counted. “A few. Are you an angry person?”
William’s hands slid up John’s cheeks to cradle his face. John melted into the strength of them, and into the heady buzz of the wine, and the intoxicating nearness of another man. He let it happen when William drew him close and pressed their lips together. Soft. Dry. Warm. A shiver ran down his spine and to his cock.
John bit his lip as he thought to himself that his preferred answer was definitely not the first one.
“I don’t wish to be friends,” William said. For a second, John’s heart dropped into his stomach. But William’s hold on his hand was firm, and the look on his face was earnest. “You’re not a killer.”
“Um, right. Damn, that’s always so impressive. But also... kind of scary. Am I really so predictable?”
Thank you so much for your comments and kudos. I value them all, and am answering comments as I get a chance to sit down and do so! Thank you, thank you, thank you.
“No. But...I was trying to explain to you why, and to tell you I was—I was interested in dating you.”
John smiled, only slightly. He’d been thinking, running his fingers along the length of William’s arm. There was nothing he wanted to hold back from this man. “I want to tell you about my childhood.”
John let himself into his cabin and tossed the mail onto the kitchen table. The letter still lay crumpled on the floor of the car like the carcass of an animal in the road. He hoped to let it rot there. Maybe it’d get stained with coffee and mud, and become unrecognizable litter in the trashcan of his life.
John thought to himself. The idea both frightened him and caught fire in his loins. “I want to touch it.”
he sobbed. “You’re not the coward. I’m the coward. I’m the bloody coward.” He sucked in a great gasp of air. The failure of a marriage, the pressing against his sternum when he thought of Rosie, the back and forth with Sherlock over the years, the hot anger and the cold misery, the slithering, ugly jealousy over Irene and Janine and even Mary and now Victor.
He burst through the doors and into the afternoon sun. Ignored passersby as he headed for his tiny, used Honda, unlocked the door, and threw himself into the seat. Slammed the door shut and locked it. Stared out the windshield into the blare of the sun. Fumed.
Dr. Chowdhury cocked her head. The elevator doors opened. “We’ll speak soon,” she said, and there was just the slightest hint of a smile on her rouge-colored lips. Though it was small, it made something in John’s chest flutter with hope.
Adrenaline pumps in his chest and his limbs even as he lets John guide him down to the mattress. “I’m not a child,” he says. In the dream, he’d been not much taller than the brunette doll with the bone-pale skin.
It was no good dwelling on it. Ella told him to ‘stay in the moment.’ So, here was the moment: Anita’s hand warm on his arm, and her dark eyes twinkling. “How are you, really?” she asked. “Mike told me you will get this job, and you’ll be moving from Bumblefuck, Vermont to our very own metropolitan area.”
“You berk,” John says, and they’re back on solid ground. “And no going through my stuff and taking my things. Don’t think I’ve forgotten.”
The gun was never far from him. He bought it after the jury acquitted him. For defense, he’d told himself. Particularly when a spike of death threats arrived in his mailbox. Ella knew about the gun, but her gaze didn’t alter as she continued to stare at him.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled to meet his, but the smirk on his face seemed to slip, which engendered a warm feeling of satisfaction in John.
Oh. Odd. How had Sherlock had a friend from so long ago that he never mentioned? John’d met Sebastian Wilkes who was a slimy bastard, but no one else from Sherlock’s past had ever shown up in the years they’d known one another.
“Like you asked. I put her up here. I just…” He shrugs. “I came up here just for a moment. To think about my parents.”
John barked a thin laugh. It’d been ten years. What on earth could she have in her possession that would be incriminating?
Sherlock’s usual line - “Thank you for your interest, but I consider myself married to my work,” - lays at the very tip of his tongue, like a swimmer standing at the end of the diving board. He pauses just as John shows up beside them.
He assured himself Sherlock would get himself bloody killed if it weren’t for him. Which he’d said to her once, and her response was, “He lived to his thirties without you, John. Why on earth do you think he isn’t capable enough without you?” To which John gave her the cold shoulder for the rest of the evening.
Besides, would he even be able to pull the trigger? He’d never shot someone. Had amazing aim as a teen, kept it sharp at shooting ranges over the years, but never pointed it at an actual person.
The world around Sherlock snaps, broken like a piece of plastic stressed beyond its threshold. He pushes the sense of upheaval aside and lifts his chin. “You don’t remember.”
John swatted his shoulder as he barked a laugh. “God, I’m exhausted. But I should probably go to the bathroom and clean up.”
“You asked me to move the doll. So I did. I never said I’d sell her,” John says, as he shakes his head with a little smile. “Did you dream it, maybe? You’ve been having some strange dreams.”
She enters the living room where he’s now ensconced. Warped, near unrecognizable to her in his sickbed. He’s grown so thin, she knows his ribs jut out like spiral fluting on a marble column. His legs like the legs of a bloody stork, and his face, his beautiful face, marred by a metastatic deformity. He was the head of his class every year. Not the type of boy to suffer fools, he didn’t have many friends, but he was headstrong and in her eyes, he was perfect.
John found himself shoved from his memories and into the third unexpected hug of the day. “It is so good to see you!” Anita gushed, her voice trilling like a bird’s. “Oh! Oops!” She had to disentangle herself from him as the peacock brooch on her blouse caught one of his buttons.
John turned his face away, but the statement drew a smile from his lips. “Me too. Um, I mean, I feel the same way.”
John’s face slips into a mask of consternation. “Now hold on, don’t you think we should wait on...moving into the same room together, at least?”
Viola almost snorts, but it takes too much energy. “Been thinking about that book you gave me. Kahil Gibran. What he has to say about children.”
“Doctor Chowdhury, I’m—glad to be here.” He flexed his fingers and inhaled, hoping she didn’t hear the stutter in his voice. It’d been a decade since anyone referred to him by his title, except for some jackass that had called him “Doctor Death,” which wasn’t particularly inspired in his opinion. That she called him ‘Doctor’ at all sparked a confusing tumult of emotions: embarrassment, pleasure, and anxiety.
His jaw ached. His hand was in a tense fist around his beer. In the reflection, he could see Molly leaning in toward William, one hand on his arm. Her head tilted, exposing her neck and the side of her pretty face.
“But I feel different with you and it perplexed me. At first, I thought our dinner date would be the end. I thought I would find out what makes you tick and once I had solved you, that would be the end of my little infatuation.”
John loves morning sex, but it’s not often that they get to indulge. Easier to dance around those fuzzier emotions and lure him in this way.
“I didn’t. I began to think I should have checked out those FAFSA options, after all. It wasn’t just...it wasn’t black and white for me. The entire time we were there, I could deduce things about the people I saw through the scope just as easily as I did my fellow soldiers. Who was going to crack first, who was sleeping with who, who had jacked off that morning, what they’d had for breakfast. Who had cigarettes and who had a lighter. I’d see the enemy and I saw another person entangled in the great struggle of life.” He lifted a hand and waved it listlessly. “I may not have shared their values or their religion or their upbringing, but I am human, as are they. But I was there to end their life if I had to. The enemy wasn’t just a bunch of men, young and old, launching homemade bombs and shooting guns. Women and children, too.”
John releases him and arches his back. “Oh god!” he cries out, and one hand goes to his cock. Sherlock grabs John’s legs and hefts them over his shoulder, snaps his hips into John’s arse, his bollocks slapping against the skin. He watches, catalogues everything, like taking snapshots - John’s face in a rictus of pleasure, his hand pulling at his fat cock, and the juncture where Sherlock’s cock disappeared into his arse.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He reaches over and slides his fingers through John’s. They’re cold from the chill of early spring air. “A work of which you are a part.”
“I love you too, mom.” And this time, it wasn’t the usual quick, perfunctory statement between them. This time, his chest swelled with happiness, and his eyes blurred.
A bowed shape lingers at the bedside. As his eyes adjust, he realises it’s John, sitting at the edge with his head lowered. The whispering comes from him.
His stomach turned at the thought of that smug arsehole touching Sherlock. As if he’d just stepped off the tilt-a-whirl.
John turned it over. It didn’t feel like porcelain, but perhaps some kind of clay. The hunter wore a green tunic, and a beard covered half his face.
“John. I didn’t say enough earlier. I am glad that you’re repairing your relationship with your mother. I know it’s important to you.”
“Yeah. It was. And he remembered it from when he was a boy. Said it was special not just to her, but to his father - my grandfather. He’d wondered what had happened to it.”
