Cas reaches over and gently touches two fingers to Meg's forehead. CLOSE UP on Castiel as his eyes glow bright blue for a moment. When the glow fades, we CUT TO a full shot to see that Meg is no longer there.
Sam laughs and rolls his eyes as Dean leaves, mumbling to himself about being the father of God, and we CUT TO--
Stevie frowns-- Dean hasn’t celebrated his birthday?-- and upon seeing her look, Dean continues speaking.
I knew it was going to happen eventually, but we were in danger and it was the only thing I could think of to save him. And when I died-- there was so much going on. Everyone in-- all of the angels and demons who have ever died are awake. It was worse than Hell, worse than Purgatory. It’s not what I was expecting when I went there, and I never expected that I would get out. I don’t know what’s real anymore and what’s fake. I don’t know if I’m still stuck there and this is all just some cruel joke.
Dean straddles a chair on the edge of the room, his elbows resting on the back and his face in his hands. Cas hovers at his side, clearly worried about Dean but not sure what to do about it. On the bed lays Meg, Jack and Sam both worriedly standing by her side.
CLOSE ON Dean’s face as he takes a few shaky breaths. There are dried tear tracks on his face, but he does nothing to try and wipe them away.
All three victims were found hanged. It wasn’t a quick death. My guess is that while they were hanging there suffocating, the murderer cut their hearts out. That’s the part that ultimately killed them.
But you heard my prayers, didn’t you? If not before you were brought back, then you heard them once Jack got you out, right?
We were playing frisbee and then this lady came up and asked to join us-- she was hot so of course I said yes-- but then there was this... this black smoke? And after that I don’t remember much. Just really vague memories that I’m not really sure they happened? Because I couldn’t control what was happening.
"Dean! Cass! Where have you been? No one could find you all day!" A voice called as Dean, Castiel, and Charlie walked out of the school together at the end of the day.
So, this is where I left off when I first started writing it years ago. I plan on continuing, because I need fluff, but updates will be very slow and sporadic because I have soooo many works in progress at the moment.
Suddenly Gabriel produces a printed out copy of Chuck’s final story from thin air to show to the brothers and Castiel. Dean forcefully grabs it and flips through, skimming the pages.
It was Wes’ and Nate’s birthday. We went camping to celebrate, just like we have every year since freshman year. It was our second night there and we all fell asleep around the campfire, but I woke up in the middle of the night, because it was cold, and I woke Wes up, too, and went back to our tent while he woke up Nate and Reese. It didn’t take him too long, and the next time I woke up it was morning and Wes was gone and I was covered in blood.
"So what did I agree to down there?" Dean asked when he heard Cass close the door and sit on the bed next to him.
Although, I guess you can say I’ve fallen for Adam in more ways than one. I did help destroy Father for the boy.
As a birthday present for Dean, Team Free Will and friends head to Santa Monica Pier, but not everything goes according to plan. (idea for episode brought to you by @thesnuggliestduckling on tumblr, who asked for a beach episode)
We focus on Eileen's hands behind her back as she carefully unclasps the bracelet around her wrist, letting it drop to the ground as the beads roll everywhere, a few of them into Emily's cell.
I think he understands, though. I think I might, too. He wanted to talk to you but Sam insisted that he be the one to do it, so Castiel said that Sam should let you cool off first.
Sam is in the middle of packing a duffle with some clothes as Dean stands in the doorway, drinking a beer, unnoticed by Sam.
ZOOM OUT to view the full scene. In between the two men stands Bela, easily the best dressed on the beach and looking slightly out of place and intimidating in a black sundress, sunglasses, and a wide-brimmed hat.
As they get closer to the throne room, the bodies become more and more frequent until they make it to the closed doors of the throne room and see a pile of bodies lying outside.
Dr. Lewis shakes her head as she gives up on her attempts at cleaning and hands a report over to Sam.
The only way to describe the chaos happening inside of the Roadhouse is a raging party to put even the most obnoxious college parties to shame.
Episodes will now be weekly, so get ready for episode 3 to come out on Thursday, January 7th at 8pm EST!
Jack reaches down to place his hand on Alex’s forehead, a slight glow emanating from his palm, and Alex immediately sits up with a gasp.
WIDER. Dean sighs as he lays back down. Miracle trots over to sit by his bedside and Dean reaches down to pet behind his ear.
Eileen puts the bracelet and beads in her pocket before motioning for Sam to talk to her away from Emily's cell.
Everyone throws their cards into the center of the table with varying degrees of disappointment at their losses.
To this, Sam has no response. He almost wants to argue, say that his choices were taken away from him as an infant when Azazel came to his nursery, but he somehow knows it’s not the same as what Dean means. Sure, he was forced to play a role, but he at least knows that he was able to make his own choices as he played that role.
As Dean enters the library, the bunker lights turn on to reveal his friends and family-- Sam, CASTIEL, JACK, Eileen, MEG, GABRIEL, BALTHAZAR, ADAM, GARTH, BESS, CHARLIE, STEVIE, JODIE, DONNA, CLAIRE, KAIA, ALEX, and PATIENCE-- and on the center of the table: a Rice Krispy treat on a platter, two candles shaped like the number 42 burning in the center.
"Well now I feel bad." Lucifer said once they were gone and his family just gave him a collective bitch face before they continued eating in silence.
Castiel is laying down, having just arrived in The Empty after sacrificing himself to save Dean. Tears are still fresh on his face, and he is quick to wipe them off as he sits up and notices that every being here is awake, the sound closing in on him. Above it all, however, is a voice.
Gabriel smirks and Castiel starts to panic a little at the thought of Gabriel being given free reign over helping to redesign heaven.
Around the edges of the throne room stand several demons, and sitting on a throne made of blackened bones in the center of the room is ROWENA, bored out of her mind as she listens to a demon explaining the goings on of Hell.
Emily easily settles into the extra-large sleeping bag, curling up on her side and sighing softly as she falls back asleep.
"Really, Dean. You've known Lucifer all your life and yet you still insist on antagonizing him like that." Cass rolled his eyes.
He can’t seem to finish the question, too confused and hurt by Cas’ lack of contact since the angel was rescued by Jack.
"Like when he kept trying to get my brother, Sammy, to let him 'possess' him, whatever that means." Dean added.
"Then prepare to have that changed." Dean said and he pushed the doors open revealing several cooks running about cooking several different meals from scratch. Dean picked up two plates and he put a little bit of everything on each plate before handing one to Charlie and grabbing silverware for each of them.
Michael moves further into the room and starts looking around, picking up objects and inspecting them as he talks.
We need to split up. Three teams of two. It’s the only way we’ll cover enough area to even make it possible to find Bela or Jamie. Sam and I can go together, Meg and Jack, and Dean and Cas.
Sam looks back down at his computer to see a promising article that he clicks on. It’s a copy of a newspaper article from 1917.
Sam and Dean turn around and we CUT to see GABRIEL standing next to the Impala, a feigned expression of hurt on his face before he breaks into a grin.
Slowly, the redhead got up and trudged through her apartment, getting ready so she could leave. She was out the door at 5 minutes to 7 and she got in her beloved yellow car. As soon as the car turned on, "Walking on Sunshine" started blasting through the speakers and Charlie danced along in her seat as she drove to the school. She parked in an empty space and just as she was about to get out, a black, Chevy Impala parked in the space next to her and two boys got out. The one that was driving looked about Charlie's age and his light brown hair was spiked up. He adjusted his leather jacket on himself before putting his hand on the younger boy's shoulder and steering them towards the high school. Charlie smiled at the affection the older boy showed for the younger one and then she headed into the office to get her schedule.
I would also like to give a huge shout out to my three betas/cheerleaders on tumblr: @destiels-canonahhhhhhhhhh @dreamilyjensen and @fanv3rgent !! Y'all have helped so much in giving me pointers and just generally being super supportive in this whole project, so thank you!!
The call ends and Sam tosses his phone onto the seat next to him as he shifts Baby into gear with a smile and we--
With that, Sam hangs up on Dean and searches for a different contact, ‘Alex’. When he finds the contact, he calls, and it only takes one ring before someone answers.
Oh, don't give me that look. While you and Michael were gallivanting around Earth with your little boyfriends, we managed to finish up here without any issues.
Standing next to the campfire is Gertrude. When Emily sees her, she gasps and freezes for a second before slowly moving towards the little girl with an outstretched hand.
Rowena and Bela are facing off in the middle of the room, circling each other. Every other demon that was once in the room lies dead on the floor.
Yellow crime scene tape wraps around the trees surrounding a group of POLICE OFFICERS, GAME WARDENS, PARAMEDICS, and HIKERS. Sam and Eileen walk into view, cross the tape, and join the group, flashing their badges and ID's.
Sam and Dean both shrug-- they barely knew anything about Bela and how she operated when she was human, there is no telling how she works now that she is a demon.
Dean is more than a little shocked by the amount of people in the bunker, all there to celebrate his birthday. He stumbles through a thank you, but he gets cut off by Jack carrying the Rice Krispy treat and holding it out towards him.
"Yeah, he first called his brother, Michael, that a while ago and then that's what he called his brother, Lucifer, and after that, it just kinda became his favorite insult." Dean rolled his eyes.
Alex and Jamie exchange a look-- they don’t really want to let this woman join them, but she’s also mildly terrifying and they don’t want to say no.
"It smells amazing, which is surprising. I've never actually had decent school food before. It all tasted like cardboard to me."
Sam, I know. Trust me. I want to stop it just as much-- if not more-- than you do. But there’s nothing that we can do right now, so I’d rather just focus on what I can do, which is make sure my family is okay and, if she needs it, help out Rowena.
They come upon the clearing with the tree, which is once again standing. There isn’t a single sign that anyone had ever burned it.
We pick up where we left off. Castiel is shocked and confused by Jack’s revelation, and while Jack seems happy, his happiness is slowly giving way to trepidation.
I don’t think it would be the best idea. If you want to talk to him, then okay, but I suggest you give him time, first.
Dean moves out of the way to let Meg pass him. He can’t believe that he’s letting her join, and he hopes his judgement doesn’t get proven to be wrong.
Emily hikes through the forest, alone and freshly released from her cell. Tear tracks stain her face as she flips through the pictures in her hands-- all pictures with different combinations of her, Wesley, Nathan, and Reese.
Dean stands and turns to face Gabriel, which puts him close enough to Castiel that their shoulders are touching.
When she finishes stretching, Emily catches sight of the blood stains on her hands and looks down at herself. Upon seeing all of the blood, Emily screams in terror.
Sam, Eileen, Cas, Dean, Meg, and Jack all back away from Alex to give him some more space and to discuss their course of action. Sam, however, continues to glance at Alex, making sure he is okay-- or, at least, as okay as one can be after being possessed by a demon.
Dean's room is much cleaner than we last saw it. The bed is made up neatly, the numerous beer and other alcohol bottles have disappeared, and Miracle lays on Dean's bed, staring up at Sam.
When Rowena calls Dean asking for a favor, he, Sam, Cas, Jack, and Meg must drop everything to travel to Hell and help her.
Listen, could you give my partner and I a few minutes to look this all over? If we find anything, I’ll let you know.
Gabriel SNAPS his fingers and a small stream starts trickling down the mountainside next to the path.
Anyways, comments are loved, I reply to them all, and kudos are appreciated! Make sure to subscribe so you can be notified when the next chapter is up! I hope you enjoyed so far!
What do you mean, “there hasn’t been any”? Never mind. I’ll take care of this myself, just like I do everything else.
I understand. Chuck was controlling you, it’s okay, I understand. The important thing is that you’re here now. You’ve come to explain it all and that’s what matters.
Before any of them have time to ask any questions, however, the demon dies in a flash and Alex's body crumples to the ground.
We PAN across the scene-- a dilapidated barn in the middle of a field, the Impala parked out front, and Castiel standing in shock as he watches two figures exit the barn together, one supporting the other.
Cas... Cas, I’m sorry. We could have-- we could have found another way. You didn’t have to-- there’s always another way.
Dean's dirty mug remains on the counter, and the coffee pot still has a little bit of coffee in it, undoubtedly cold by now.
Oh, Dean, sweetie, you don’t have to come out to me, I already knew about you and Clarence long before you did.
Cas and I... we got lucky. We got lucky that Jack was able to get Cas out, because otherwise, I never would have made my piece with what happened when he died. We got lucky that Gabe figured out that Chuck was messing with our lives and gave us a second chance.
About that... Alex is missing. Someone has him, not Bela, but the demon that was possessing him before. Sam’s working on tracking his phone right now.
SAM and EILEEN walk together along the coast. Any outsider might think they are just a normal couple on a walk together, but we know otherwise.
Cas doesn’t know what to say to that-- Dean’s revelation is more than what either of them can handle in this moment. The most Cas can do is offer Dean a weak smile and a gentle hand on his shoulder before he turns to pet Miracle in goodbye.
"Don't interrupt me, assbutt!" Cass said. Dean just sighed before motioning for Cass to continue. "As I was saying. Everything was quite enjoyable and then I get a text from Dean telling me to go to the library."
Now, now, Dean. Sam’s not the only one who forgot. You were still living for a week after you defeated Chuck, remember? And you didn’t go searching for any of those people either. But what really shocked me the most was that you didn’t try to break Cassie, here, out of The Empty. That one shocked me the most, because you clearly remembered him, you prayed to him every day--
Red wire cubbies, each filled with turnout gear, line the walls. Several FIREFIGHTERS are in the process of removing their gear and returning it to its place. Among them, is Dean, chatting with one of the firefighters-- TOMMI (30), social, upbeat, always smiling.
Without waiting for a response from Tommi or paying any mind to any of the other firefighters, Dean hurries out the door with Cas.
Jack lays gasping on a wooden dock. His wounds are healed, but his clothes are still stained with his blood. Next to him sits Meg, her condition is much worse than Jack's-- not only did she struggle with fighting the Empty, but also Heaven is no place for a demon.
Oh, so this is the famous Cas? Lemme tell you, Dean has barely been able to shut up about you all day. Don’t worry, though, it’s all good things, I promise.
Gabriel sighs before he SNAPS, causing a lollipop to appear in his hand which he sticks in his mouth as we CUT TO--
Jack came and got me from... where I was... almost immediately after you defeated Chuck, as far as I can tell.
This would be easier if you would talk to me, Dean. We can’t begin to understand what is going on with each other and to make this better if we don’t talk.
The scene he saw was definitely not what he was expecting. Dean and Cass were standing in the middle of the room with xBox controllers in their hands, playing Call of Duty: Zombies. Cassie's character was surrounded by about 20 zombies as he laid on the ground dying. Dean was frantically pushing buttons trying to save him, but it wasn't doing much good. The game ended about 10 seconds later and showed they had made it to round 42.
"Of course. Because I've known him all my life and I know that the threats he makes are all empty." Dean smiled.
Bela smirks as she flourishes her hand. Two clouds of black smoke burst from the ground and shove themselves down Alex’s and Jamie’s throats. Once all of the smoke is inside of the two men, they share a menacing smile with Bela as their eyes turn black.
Yes and no. I don’t want your souls, I already know you aren’t any use to me, and the kid won’t let you go to Hell anyways. No, I want something else... let’s call it insurance.
Nah, I gotta work. I’ll probably do some research, too. See what we can figure out for our little problem.
She used to trade supernatural artefacts in some kind of black market. We ran into her a lot back then. Turns out, she had made a demon deal that expired not too long before mine did. She asked us to help her, and we didn’t.
Everything is different, you know? After you were gone I was-- I already told you. It wasn’t good. But for Sammy I had to be-- I was pretending. He couldn’t know how much of a wreck I really was because I knew-- I was all he had. And then I was gone. I didn’t want to die, Cas. I wanted to live because you wanted me to live. But Chuck made me-- and I might be back but it’s not the same. You were-- you were gone, Cas. And I thought it was for good. And if it happens again--
Jack and Castiel stand in a white-washed room, no other beings in sight. The sudden silence is now deafening.
We follow Bobby and Cas into the cabin where Bobby grabs a second beer from the fridge to hand to Cas as they stand around the kitchen island.
Sam looks up from pushing his food around his plate. He pushes his plate away from him as he leans forward to talk to Eileen.
Sam and Eileen enter the lobby to chaos. Officers are scrambling to get their things together. Sam stops one of them.
I have also spent a bit of time creating a workskin to make this look more script like and I tested it both on mobile and on browser and it works with both! If you have workskins turned off it should also be readable as well, it just won't look as fancy.
Because you helped save the world. You saved him, and you deserve to be back. I’m sorry about what you went through when you were dead, and I will try to find a way to make it better, but for now all we can do is move on. I may be taking a hands-off approach to being God, but that doesn’t mean we can’t visit them. The Winchesters are family.
So, you’re sure that every last bit of Chuck is outta my head? I don’t have some bit of him hiding away somewhere just waiting to take control?
Something catches Castiel’s eye, but he doesn’t move to look at it, instead taking in a shaky breath as Jack continues.
We travel through the sterile hallways of Heaven before we find Castiel and Jack, walking with a purpose. The two walk side-by-side, although it is clear that Jack is leading them.
Alex and Jamie break apart, Alex now resting his weight against Jamie instead of Sam. Jamie faces towards Sam, Eileen, Dean, Cas, Meg, and Jack, but he doesn’t quite meet any of their eyes.
He slowly moves closer to the doors-- Cas, Sam, and Meg follow closely while Jack lags behind-- and once he is within reach, Dean attempts to open the doors.
Aw, that hurts! I’m the one that helped you two reunite and you don’t get excited for my return? Ouch. And giving Jack all the credit, too!
You weren’t yourselves after you defeated Chuck, and I wanted to know why. So, I did some research, and I studied both of you, and I figured out why: Chuck had left a very small portion of his power in each of you. Not enough to be detectable by any angel or otherwise supernatural being if they weren’t looking for it, but enough that he could control bits and pieces of your thoughts and actions. There were some points where you started to break out of his control, but for the most part you were still being controlled by Chuck even after you defeated him.
Dean and Cas walk together around the amusement park and stop near the Ferris wheel. Dean is clearly grumpy.
--but for some reason you weren’t searching for ways to rescue him. And then came your death. That was what really told me something was clearly wrong. See, you didn’t want to die, Dean. Not until that moment, at least. You wanted to live a life. Settle down, only pick up the occasional hunt here and there. Get an actual job. But then, you were suddenly okay with dying. You refused to let Sam get you any help, but you had more than enough time for it. You just died, though. Unsatisfied with your life and leaving Sam to live a life he was unsatisfied with. Tell me, Sam, can you even remember what your wife looked like?
"... You could have said that with more confidence..." Dean muttered, but finished the summoning ritual. He looked at the others and nodded. He said the latin words and summoned Lucifer.
"Oh yes. They are all great. Not the perfect parents, but they took care of Dean and me when we were younger."
"It was great. The teachers and classmates are really nice and I met a lot of new friends." Sam said happily.
"Sure, I'll try." Dean smiled at them and sighed. "Look guys... I- you-... Thank you. Thanks for everything. You didn't have to... but you still- and..."
Dean laid down on the bed, but after a few hours of trying to sleep, he got up and went down to the Impala.
Dean ran as fast as he could into the forest. Surely the man wouldn’t follow him for long. It was only peanut butter and some sandwiches.
"Come on kid!" Dean dragged the boy with him outisde. He saw the firefighters had arrived and started to extinguish the fire.
Castiels wings appeared behind him, but this time they didn‘t look dark and broken. They were colorful, like the rainbow colors of the infinity stones. They were larger and the feathers looked as soft as the clouds above.
"They each have a ring. These rings have the powers that make them into the horsemen. If one uses all four rings, then Lucifer could be locked away again."
They got back to the Avengers compound and Tony started to work. He spend a lot of times in a lab, staying up all night. Steve, Natasha and Dean went to get Bruce and later the rest of the gang as well.
"Yes... He is not from here and he is not your father, but he looks and sounds exactly like him." Castiel explained in a soft voice.
"Fury is the head of SHIELD, a super, not so secret agency of spies and killers. Natasha and Clint were with them before they joined us. Coulson, or Agent, is like Fury's right hand man." Tony explained.
"Dean, calm down. It's me, Bucky. You are safe. We only want to bring you to bed." Bucky tried to sound as non threatening as he could but he wasn't sure if it was enough to convince Dean that he meant no harm.
Bruce/Hulk managed to snap with the glove that Tony build and everyone who was dusted, was back alive again.
Dean glared at him. "... Ruby manipulated you. How do I know that Lucifer himself won't screw you over. You will stay here with the Avengers. Let Cas and me handle this."
They drove back to John's and Mary's house and later Sam visited again to see how Dean was doing. Dean was touched by the fact that they all cared so much about him, but he still felt like he was out of place... obviously.
They wandered through the forest for almost an hour when Tony got bored and suggested that they turn around. Right in that moment though, Bucky saw something.
Dean hadn't realized how long he had spaced out, because suddenly Sam opened the front door for Castiel and the man walked in with a bag full of clothes.
"Yeah... The yellow eyed demon... He- he hurt Dean, but I shot dad's leg and so the demon left him, but we were on our way to the hospital and- and the demon caused a truck driver to drive into us."
"Sorry, buddy. Didn't mean to scare you." He petted the dog and tried to get some more sleep, but it took him hours before he drifted off into darkness again...
"Well, we will do everything we can. It's not just our family, it's the whole world. We have to try. For them."
The Avengers instantly sat down at a table and raised the menu cards in order to spy on Sam and his date. Apparently they hadn't noticed them yet.
"Cut the crap, Sam. Of course you know Chuck. You know, God, Chuck the prophet, the one who killed everyone in the fucking universe. Ringing a bell?" Dean said, but the others only raised their eyebrows.
"Daddy, what is happening?" Eva was now really scared. And Jack burried his face in Castiel's chest, as he held him close.
"Sam, it's alright. We all make mistakes. And you only wanted to help. No one here is holding anything against you." Steve said.
Tony shook his head. "No parents, but Cap is right. You two will stay here and tomorrow we talk about... well everything I guess."
"Hey Sammy, already making friends?" Dean asked, as he smiled at his brother who was followed by a boy and girl his age.
Now only the stones had to be brought back to the right place and time and everything would be perfect.
"I am Castiel. An angel of this world.“ Cas said and snapped his fingers. They all watched, as the aliens started to turn to dust, including Thanos. The fight was over.
"Haha, yeah right. I mean that is... crazy..." Charlie said, but then she saw Sam's serious look. "You- your really mean it...?"
Rob sighed. "God liked to change the characters. In this world, all angels and demon are normal humans who can die by normal causes."
She turned to Dean again and started to kick him multiple times. She hit Dean and he stumpled to the ground. But when he got up, Bucky could see that he was smiling. Ruby saw it too and was confused.
Steve continued. "He lives by himself now, out in the woods. Only Pepper visits him from time to time, but he doesn't want to have anything to do with us."
"A man named Charles Rick has been found dead. It seems that he was attacked by an animal, most likely a dog or maybe even a wolf."
Chuck turned to Dean. "I am not. I only took this form because I knew that you would listen." Chuck's body suddenly changed and now he looked older, with grey hair and a beard. "Maybe this is more comfortable for you."
"Come on Dean. Your brother is smart and he will help a lot of others when he becomes a lawyer. Just because you had no interest in school, doesn't mean that he can not reach for high dreams." Bucky defended Sam.
"Alright, Tones. I think she wants to spend some time with Sammy." Dean said and looked at Jessica. "Hey, Dean. Sam's brother."
After some more talking and exchanging information, Sam and Bucky went to grab a bag and put some food, water and clothes in it. After Sam and Bucky were ready, they all went down to the garage, where Dean had parked the Impala.
Meanwhile Dean let out a deep breath, sat down in the Impala and looked at the house again. This was what they could have had... He and Cas... But it wasn't meant to be.
"Yeah, we called everyone. But before the others come, we want to talk to the twins and Jack." Sam turned to Dean. "Dean was really close to them, so they might get emotional." He warned him.
"We're all good. Had some trouble with Hydra, but nothing we can not handle. Are you sure you're alright?" Tony asked.
Dean looked at the twins and Jack and tried to sound as soft and as innocent as he could, but he knew that it would be difficult with his rough, deep voice.
"A... Hydvicost!" Dean smiled, but the others only glared at him. "You know... Hydra, victim, ghost- oh come on! You guys are boring." He looked disappointed.
After a minute, Jack came out of the school door and looked around. When he saw the Impala, he smiled and ran towards it.
"Don't worry, I will call SHIELD on the way back. They can handle it. We should worry about your wound."
Tony smiled and clapped Dean on the shoulder. "Well, if we do save everyone, then you will officially be declared a hero."
"But if angels exist, couldn't they have stopped it?" Bruce asked and everyone looked at Castiel again.
"Oh com on, Dean. You like him. Admit it" Bucky said and looked at Castiel, who was still listening to Thor with great interest.
"You were right, Sam was right, you all were. Dad was obsessed and he turned me into a soldier... I was a kid, god damn it."
"The Avengers have a lot of fans who try to get pictures and autographs. And because Tony is not really discreet, he... let's say he likes the attention."
"Not in this world. No. But there were other worlds with such things. Dean here comes from one of those worlds."
On his way home, he looked around town and there were confused people everywhere. He stopped on the side of the road and went up to a man.
"So what now? Did you bring him here so that I should kill him?" God asked Rob and gestured at Jack.
Later Castiel appeard next to Dean, giving him half a heart attack. He told them that some angels are still worried and unsure of what to do, but most of them are just glad that Lucifer is gone again. Michael was apperently pissed, but he also didn't want to risk anything. Cas believed that Michael was more angry with God than with them and so he would not be a problem for now.
"Not much. We only got a few information from the prisoner, but SHIELD managed to find out some stuff thanks to the old files that were hidden there. Hopefully we can find all of their secret locations and get rid of them."
Tony chuckled. "When he asked me, I- I saw our future. Us there in a... mostly peaceful life. All of you guys visiting us of course. It would have been perfect..."
"I am so sorry, but your husband is in a better place now... Good luck." Bucky said and followed Dean. The woman looked at them, but then shrugged it off.
"Woah woah wait! Steve and the others are coming. We should wait for them." Tony said and tried to stop Sam.
It was silent for a second, until Dean continued. „Just no... We are not gonna make the same mistakes all over again... You guys wanna save me? Find something else.“ Dean walked over to the couch and sat down.
"I don't know. He was with the Avengers for a while, then he ran off on his own, as far as I know." Bobby said.
Dean grabbed the baby from the crib and held her against his chest with one arm. With his other hand he grabbed the young boy and ran outside.
"Alright, kid. How about you and your brother come with us. We patch your arm up, no hospitals, promise. You get something to eat, a bed and then tomorrow we talk about what to do next. Sounds good? Good." Tony was satisfied and walked towards the door.
Thor held his nose and for a second Dean was scared that he went too far, but then Thor just laughed. "That was perfect! You truly are a warrior Dean, son of Winchester."
They laughed and then went and told the others the good news. Later they had a little celebration at the Avengers tower with a lot of food and some beer.
"No, you are not making things worse, Dean. It is... difficult for everyone, but we won't just send you away. And-... and I kinda hoped that it would be good for Jack."
When they arrived, Bobby and John showed Dean everything and he immediately started to work on some old cars. He worked for hours with John and Bobby and Dean realized that maybe he could live like this for the rest of his life.
Dean let out a deep breath and nodded slightly. Then he followed Castiel to the couch and sat down at the very end, trying to relax into the cushions. After a few minutes, Mary and Ellen returned with coffee and tea. They sat down as well and then everything was quiet again.
"Still. It can not go on like this. Sammy is smart and he could go to college. He… he doesn’t deserve to be hungry all the time because I have no money for food. He shouldn’t feel bad because I stole something for him so that he can have a fucking christmas present…"
"I think it is best, if you all sit down and explain to Dean about this world. Help him through it. And on the other hand, you, Dean tell them about your previous world, so that they understand you. I know this is a lot and maybe I should have left you to die with your world, but see this as a chance and if you still don't know what to do after some time, ask for me and I will redeem you." Then Rob was gone and everything was quiet for a while.
Right before he stepped into the hole, he stopped. He turned around the Avengers looked at him in shock.
"Well in this world, Dean had saved him from a burning building. His owners were already dead and everyone tried to prevent Dean from rushing in there, but no one could stop him and so he ran into the building again to save at least the dog. Afterwards the dog didn't want to leave. The vet said it was a miracle that he survived so long in the burning house and so Dean named him Miracle." Castiel explained, as he smiled down at them. Dean got up again looked at the car.
"Are you sure it was around here?" Tony asked, as they walked around in the dark forest. "You didn’t just made that up to get some free time with me, did you?"
"Okay girls, let the man breath." Sam shot Dean an apologetic look and pulled his daughters away from him.
Dean walked around some more and stopped, when he saw pictures on the wall. He saw a picture of John and Mary happily in front of their house, another one with Jared, Eileen and two little girls, all smiling at the camera. Another picture with Dean and Jared grinning like idiots when they were still teenagers and a picture of Bobby and Dean working on the Impala. There were many many more, but Dean stopped at one picture in particular.
"I saw you on the news, you guys always brake stuff. And you wanted to come and help me hunt. We hunters aren't heroes."
The two brothers looked confused, but shrugged it off. Dean told Sam to pack his things and then he himself grabbed a bag and put all the guns and salt in it."
They walked up to the others and Tony had told FRIDAY to fly over the quinjet. Sam was glad that Dean was barely conscious, because a) he hated flying and b) they had to leave the Impala behind.
"Well, That is a surprise. I thought you were too scared and left after you realized I found out about this place." God said.
When he returned, he and Bobby waited for John and an hour later, he came back and Dean told him about Castiel and Jack.
"Come on. I'll drive us home." Castiel said to Dean and they made their way back to Castiel's house.
"Yes and no. Normally we wouldn’t have to move, but our dad… he was obsessed… When- when we were younger, our mom was killed by a demon. I was four at that time and Sammy just born. The demon burned our house down and ever since we were on the road. Dad tried to find clues about the demon that killed mom."
"No you- you wouldn't. I mean if you have nothing else to do, then we would love to have you with us. It's the least I can do."
Dean sat there for a few more hours, thinking about their future. But soon he got more and more tired and without realizing he fell asleep at the table...
After an hour Dean became bored and started to walk around a bit, though he still stayed close to Sam. He looked at all the books, but most of them were scientific, something Dean knew nothing of and had no interest in.
Dean took a deep breath and went inside. There, in the living area were Sam and Castiel, talking about what was going on. Miracle laid on the ground next to Sam.
"Yeah... It's just... Nevermind." He shouldn't talk about it with Jack here and Castiel seemed to agree, as he just nodded.
"In case one of them went on a date with a girl... or, in Dean's case a guy... then I can hear every word they say even when they are further away." Tony explained.
Dean nodded. "The Mary from my world was a hunter, but left that life behind when I was born. Four years later, when Sammy was born, a- a demon got into our house."
"They need you.“ Dean interrupted him. "You have to build the glove. You have to put the stones together. You will see Bucky again and you have to help the world to rebuild. Everyone depends on you.“
"We were too far in. And... someone had to kill the monsters, right? Someone had to get their hands dirty."
After three days,  Dean started to hunt again. He learned that half of the demons and monsters were dusted as well, so he thought that the angels were also cut in half in numbers. It wasn't just humans and animals, but every ‘living‘ thing that existed.
"No, I... Who- no what is that?" Castiel asked and pointed at Dean who still talked to the ceiling, calling for 'God'.
After the whole End-of-the-world-thing, after everyone was back, Sam looked for Eileen and they both wanted to start a family in a friendly neighborhood. Now they had twins and Dean was eager to name them. At first Sam was sceptical but after hearing the names, he and Eileen instantly agreed.
At that point the front door opened and Castiel walked in. He wore a pair of jeans and a plaid shirt. He had a few stubbles on his chin and overall looked tired.
He saw two young girls with long, dark-brown hair standing in front of Eileen and next the them stood a young boy, with Castiel behind him.
"Look Dean, I get that you are scared and only want to protect your brother, but you have to trust us. I can not let a teenager run around with 10 guns and knives in his pocket." Tony said, but Dean still didn’t want to agree.
Bucky smiled slightly at him and Tony stroked through his hair. He instantly took his hand back down though.
"It's alright. It happened a long time ago and I have great friends to help me deal with it." Bucky smiled and Dean felt slightly better.
"We don't... But we have each other. Everyone in the team will be there for you. We are a family and we stick together." Tony said and Sam came over to hug both men.
Dean looked at Steve and smiled slightly. He could tell that the captain was an honest man. Maybe this wasn’t such a bad place.
The officer looked at Bucky who nodded and showed his Avengers ID. Then he turned back to Dean. "You're a little young for marschals, aren't you?"
"Dad and I ran over there when we heard the screams. Dad grabbed Sammy and handed him to me and told me to run... I- I saw the fire, the-..." Dean shook his head. He breathed in heavily and then continued. "I ran outside and then Dad came, picked me and Sammy up and the firefighters came and put out the fire. After that dad started to hunt and Sam and I both lost our mother and our childhood..."
"How do I know that you are not him? How do I know, that this is not just another trick, another asshole-move to make my life more miserable?" Dean took a step foreward.
"So we're looking for him too...and we're kind of asking around." Bucky said and then another girl came up to Amy.
"Hello Dean." A soft voice suddenly said and they all turned around, to see Rob, no Chuck, God standing there calmly.
Sam nodded. "Yes, Cas and Dean adopted him when he was three years old. He lost his parents in a car accident and at that point, Dean and Cas had thought about an adoption for a while. "
„Just because I gotta die, doesn‘t mean you have to. Either we go in smart or we don‘t go in at all.“
Dean smiled ans then smirked at him. "About time he asked you. Though you could have asked him too."
They walked around the place for some time and it was slowly getting dark, when Dean suddenly found something. There was a back door and there was blood smeared on it.
"Careful Sammy. Don’t break them." Dean muttered as he picked one up and instantly put it back again because it looked boring.
Suddenly a dog jumped out of the car and he ran straight towards Dean, as soon as he saw him. He wagged his tail and put his front paws onto Dean's legs.
"God damn it, Crowley..." Sam was pissed at him, but they had more important stuff to handle right now.
"Hey guys." Dean said, as he walked down the stairs. Miracle ran towards him and wagged with his tail happily. "Hey, boy."
Everyone was happy, but Tony only stood there, his shaking legs gave out on him and he crashed to the ground.
"As soon as we use the rings, he will zap out of there. One of us has to make him go into the cage. And he wants me anyway, means I can walk into the cage with him." Sam said.
"Also, you are treating the Impala horribly. The poor baby... I really have to save her." Tony joked and Sam laughed.
"I have a question. You mentioned that your father became a hunter after I- your mother died, how many hunters were there? Were they like the police or the military? I mean if there were so many creatures out there... What did the government do?" Mary asked.
Dean instantly drove over and he hugged Tony tightly as he saw him. The other Avengers were there as well, still looking sad and unsure of what to do.
So now Tony, Bucky, Bruce, Pepper and the boys were in a shopping mall, looking for some clothes to buy for Sam and Dean.
"His soul is... it‘s not gone. It‘s just... somewhere else.“ Castiel said and looked around. He saw Black Panther holding the glove with the infinity stones in it.
He groaned as he stretched his legs and slowly got up. He still wore his clothes that were covered in his blood, but at least his face seemed a bit more clean, as he realized when he went a hand over his face and didn't feel any dried blood.
"Dean, Sam." Bucky said and the boys looked where he was looking. On the bridge stood a woman with dark, long hair, wearing a white dress. She looked over to them and then fell down the bridge. The three of them ran towards her and looked down.
Dean nodded and Bucky smiled slightly. "Alright then, we can train in here for a few hours in the next couple of days and I will show you some tricks. But we will be careful with your arm."
"Only one, Bobby. But I don’t know where exactly he lives and only dad had his number. I only know he lives somewhere in South Dakota, but I was seven when we visited him last and we moved a lot, so I never really knew where exactly we were."
"For now, we will just fix her up a bit and then we will see who will drive her." John smiled at Castiel and he nodded in appreciation.
Meanwhile Sam spend a lot of time with Tony and Bruce, learning more and more about technology. He also got along really well with Pepper and Happy, who sometimes spend some time at the tower.
"You will stay here and we will think of something. Maybe... I mean I know you went through a lot, but maybe you will be able to settle down here." Castiel said.
"Yeah, the kid is a good shot." Tony said and Dean glared at him, probably because he called him 'kid' again.
Sam nodded. "I'm just glad that Dean got over it. Dad and I never got along, but he saved Dean. I thought I would loose my brother and- that... I don't know what I would've done."
"For me time is different. I have access to old times, though the future is more difficult to look at. The more I try to get involved with time, the higher the chance that God will find me."
"I am not crazy. I know that I seem a bit... unstable, but I still have a functioning mind." Dean muttered and glared at Mary. He knows that she only means well, but after everything he went through, he was proud of himself that he hasn't lost his sanity yet... at least not completely.
"Except for the kids. I think they need a little head start on that." Mary added and the others agreed.
"Really, Dean. He would be proud of you. You always protect your brother. Every choice you made, was to help Sam or other innocent people. We are all proud  of you."
The Avengers realized that Dean was hesitating and Sam almost looked disappointed that his brother did not say 'yes' instantly.
Dean stared at him and Chuck released a big beam of light. It went towards Dean and covered him. After that he was gone and Chuck stood all alone in an otherwise empty universe...
"Ah the shopping queens are back." Clint announced. Natasha, Thor and Steve were also back in the tower when the others arrived.
Castiel nodded. "It... It happened two years ago. You- Our Dean was a firefighter. One of the best in this area. Everyone respected him and he saved countless lives. Even on his last job he saved a little girl, but then-... then the building collapsed and there was nothing they could do to save yo- him." Castiel swallowed and tried to hold back his tears. Sam, who sat next to him gently patted his back. Castiel cleared his throat again. "We have a son. Adopted, of course. His name is Jack. He is eight now.... God how do I explain this to him...?"
"Dean." Sam said to his brother and Dean took out the rings and activated them and a black hole appeared on the wall of the building.
"We already tried out a lot of things and every time we wanted to go to New York, a case came up and we basically had to get to the other side of the map. And Dean didn't want to call you, because you guys have probably more important things to take care of." Sam explained and the Avengers glared at Dean.
It was one evening when Steve, Bruce, Natasha, Clint, Thor, Rocket, Nebula, Rhodey, Scott, Pepper and Dean all set at the table and Tony walked in.
"Oh... yeah, my stark phone broke a week after I left you guys..." Dean rubbed the back of his head.
Cas also laughed. "See what you did." They laughed together and knew, that everything would be alright.
He turned around and saw Eileen and his daughters playing happily in the garden. He went up to her and kissed her. His life couldn't be any better.
. Yeah this should work, the article is long enough to pass some time, it’s got pictures, and he might even find one that they could stop at on their way to the case.
” Come to think of it, they must’ve been a bit surprised to see him there, and he might’ve left some kind of mark on their psyche, or belief system, by coming up to them in his usual clothes. Oh well.).
When Eileen first met Cas, she actually asked Sam when the proposal/wedding was set to happen. She didn’t even consider the fact that those two idiots hadn’t yet figured out their own feelings towards one another, their attitudes and habits being so visibly love-sick to everyone else. Sam was still laughing a good 15 minutes later, especially when he and Eileen walked into the main room to see Dean staring at the angel, and when she signed a quiet ‘
Most of Dean’s nightmares have always worried him, or at least saddened him, but there’s a specific one that is branded in Cas’ memory. If he could sleep, he’d have nightmares about Dean’s
’, who was there when the universe was born, watched hundreds of civilizations disappear, thousands of tribes and communities die, species evolve, scientific and philosophical discoveries be made, but then met a couple (well. As much as it hurts Sam’s ego to admit it, mostly
At any other moment in time, Dean would probably take offense at that, but he’s got a picture to take and a sun that’s rapidly moving away, so he files the annoyance for a later date. Unlocking his phone, he flashes Cas a smirk and eyes him up and down (really? Did you
worrisome incidents within less than 24 hours. During a very simple, straightforward, highway-filled road trip.
After a dramatic sigh, Orthon flicks his finger and Dean feels a pearl of thick liquid rush down his left brow, quickly replaced by an intense burn beginning to radiate through his skull. It’s not exactly like getting punched in the face, but it’s
Far, far away, in a hidden corner of his mind, curtains fall, and applause echoes through the walls of a theater.
”, something along the lines of “Honey, come here, it’s a miracle”. A few seconds later, a very tired, and very confused woman appeared at the door. She looked Cas up and down, then her eyes stopped on the book he was clutching in his hands, and they grew just as wide as her husband’s (‘
He opens the car’s door still ruminating his order (just in case he suddenly forgets), and still suppressing the other, more concerning matter of Dean’s current situation. He’s sublimating it, because that’s a matter to be considered with a full stomach, not an empty one (he’s just decided).
parading around in outfits that aren’t his size anymore, now can we? That’d be bad press for Heaven!”
“Hey! What d’you mean ‘strange’?” Dean asks, kind of offended but honestly he’s too tired and too in love to really care. Having a Cas in your bed watching you with those eyes every morning does that to you.
all day? Barricaded in you room? My best guess is you just brood and scroll through random articles for hours on end.” Sam retorts, frowning and giving his brother a side glance.
“But my point is, I think the demon we followed, the one that was helping this witch, I think that was
, for now, he’s basking in the sluggish feelings some mornings let him enjoy every now and then — like today for example. He doesn’t care much to remember what day it is, or what he did the day before; he’s quite content just staying cocooned inside the marshmallows surrounding him (no, he’s not going to question that one either, content, safe, blah blah blah, quit asking).
can fix my fucking brain!? And I can’t even know how fucking long that could take!? Is that what you’re saying?”
“You got me there. Promise, from now on I’ll slow down to your level.” He says as he opens the driver side's door, inviting Cas to do the same.
“OK.” Jack answers with a little smile. It’s not a kid’s smile, though, it’s one of those smiles that only adults know how to put on. It’s a smile that holds a promise, one that you never intend to break. It’s a smile of someone who understands the concept of commitment, of the future, of things ‘
Finally stepping out of the room, locking the door behind him, he breathes a coarse sigh of relief. He’s spent the past six hours severely frustrated, resulting in his brain being muddy and his skull beginning to ache in pulses that follow his heart’s tempo. He definitely needs a break.
“We’re gonna take a picture of you, dumbass.” Dean laughs. He opens the camera app on his phone, and holding it in one hand, he turns Cas around and corrects his posture. Again, no words were needed for this, it’s like talking is obsolete between them. Dean smiles to himself at the thought and like
“104.2” He states, totally calm and serene and stoic and composed and professional and angelic. “Find ice.”
’. Roughly translated to what we usually deal with on cases, he just said ‘a witch made a deal with a demon, and the demon turned up where the witch asked it to go, along with the usual omens, specifically a
‘I’m a guy, Sammy’. These words are heavy, he’s using every muscle he’s got to force them out; he’s kept them safe inside his mind for so long — more than half his life, in fact — that each sound leaving his mouth feels vulnerable, reckless. ‘I mean, I
.) but making sure everything is where it should be before he leaves is a habit of his, something he picked up from his dad, probably.
I actually debated whether or not I should put Dean in a drastic predicament already, but then I thought to myself "why the fuck are you even debating it, yes, obviously he gets attacked in a bathroom, this makes total sense now stop asking questions, the Muses are the ones who push your Quill forward, do not doubt their Will." and kept writing. As you do.
when the person one is talking to is about to use the shower or the restroom. It’s… How did he describe it again? Right. It’s “
, it’s unclear which is which, these days) something on the other side. Using whatever the fuck it is as a tether, he pushes past it, starting to understand how the whole “
He sits down on the edge of the bed and warily presses his palm against Dean’s (much too warm) cheek, then closes his eyes to concentrate.
One day, the angel would give Dean a masterclass on emoticons, the same one Claire had given him. Maybe he should create a different ‘BEP’, for all the things he wants to teach him, or enjoy with him.
“Huh. Let’s take a look at’cha.” Dean whispers, eyes narrowing with sparked interest, and clicks on the link.
“Yeah, Dean, why don’t you and Cas get a room together for once? ‘Thought that’s what you wanted to do.”
“Although, I did get a glimpse of a name.” He adds. Does he usually blink or is this normal? Sam truly can’t recall.
Sam is ripped away from his memories when he sees Dean starting to stomp away towards the gas station, apparently trying to push as much frustration in his every step as he’s able, punching all his grievances into the asphalt under his heavy boots, as if the poor road was the one responsible for the diner having strange opening hours. Sam gives Cas a light shrug; the angel seems to be thinking roughly the same thing. Dean on an empty stomach is something you simply
’ on one of his more peaceful playlists. Instead of one of Dean’s dusty classic rock mixtapes’ songs,
” guy’s comics — that one can probably see in the dark. Bat-vision. Bat-super-vision. Batman-eyes. Bat-eyes.
! Actor in distress, here! This asshole is tearing through his entire back, carving intricate (but mostly fucking
Flipping out his phone to check how far the upcoming towns and highway diners are, he distractedly thinks back to the crops question. Opening his web browser instead of Google Maps, he types in the search.
Eileen confidently stepped into his life (something for which he will forever be grateful), and the rest is basically History.
. This has to be a dream, and a cruel one at that, he doesn’t think he’ll ever smile again if he wakes up alone right now. He’s never been lucky, and this doesn’t even count as lucky this is just… This can’t even be described. Everything about Dean unfolds and reshapes itself into something new, he’s melted away and what comes out of the new mold isn’t just Dean anymore. Cas was melted too apparently, and they were molded
“841, AC. There was great civil unrest in the Carolingian empire — roughly equivalent to this age’s borders of France — at the time; the recently deceased Louis the Pious’, the Frankish Emperor’s, three sons were in the middle of a family feud, caused by vile ambition and a hunger for power, as it always is. Because of their high social status, and since their father had gifted each of them a separate territory in the Empire, making sure they could all be Kings once his dying day came, and most importantly, securing the process of his succession, Lothaire I, Louis the German and Charles the Bald-”
Most of the poem is mine, but between every 8 verses, I added four sets of 4 verses that I handpicked from other poems (you'll notice them, I put them in quotation marks, they're shorter, and the punctuation changes). In order, the poems I chose are:
”, because he really had no other explanation than that. He saw a book, was heartbroken at the thought of a child missing it, and made a heat-of-the-moment decision to bring it back its rightful owner. In the lapse of 42 minutes and 51 seconds.
He wonders how Cas is able to pay such undivided attention to his brother’s rant, icy blue eyes fixating on Dean’s through the rear-view mirror. A warm feeling expanding in his chest, he realizes Eileen sometimes looks at him the same way. Her wide brown eyes turn golden, glowing with contemplation and curiosity. It makes Sam feel bare, like his entire soul is undressed and observed minutely, but in a good way. It’s like he’s finally
“Oh shut up. Just kiss me. Do it like our first, I’m feeling nostalgic.” Dean answers, not even trying to argue with that look, and smiles back at his angel.
He’s totally not jogging when he reaches those last few steps between him and the bathroom door, and totally doesn’t breathe a sigh of relief once he locks himself inside the only stall there.
’, Cas sighs, and directs one of his best sour squints at Dean, who doesn’t notice. Still, at the fast-approaching prospect of getting some time alone with the hunter, he dismisses his frustration with a deep breath.
At no point did this… This whatever-the-fuck-this-was answer any of his questions. In fact, now he’s got about a thousand
It’s roughly 2 in the afternoon, and Dean is still in bed, scrolling through news websites on his laptop. Surprisingly enough, he’s not actually sulking; he simply hasn’t felt the need to get up yet. Ever since Jack, Sam and him kicked Chuck out of his own story, Dean’s been trying to learn how to relax, and how to spot the days or moments when he should slow things down a bit. Knowing he doesn’t have to sprint to the next chapter or paragraph anymore, that he can just sit down and enjoy a cool beer at random times of the day, because there’s no story-line to keep up with, has completely changed his daily routine.
He sets his book down on the nearby table and gets up, just to sit down again on the edge of the bed.
’ he’d cry. But he can’t, and they wouldn’t listen either way. All he can do is keep falling and keep feeling the blows in the back of his mind, all he can do is keep playing his part and make them snicker. Sometimes they answer, they chuckle, and they say ‘
the object of his desire in the process. So yeah, a piss-poor excuse for a celestial being is what he shall forever remain. There’s probably a liquor store in that town somewhere. He should swing by, see if they have enough bottles to numb himself a little.
That cursed night occurred some time after Sam went off on his own, in 2009. Dean was sleeping alone in a motel room, and Cas had left his post at the foot of the bed for an hour to go watch the sky in a random Oklahoma pasture. He’d discovered at some point a new love for stargazing, and had heard somewhere the stars were often more visible in large empty spaces, like fields. After a satisfactory amount of bewildered staring, his eyes still shining from the light of a thousand dying galaxies, he returned to the motel.
Jack, looking at him with wide eyes and a light smile, nods a few times. Of course he has, young as he is, he’s still aware of a million more things than other children his age are. Obviously.
Lifting both Jack and himself from the bed, carrying him all the way to the kitchen, Cas basks in the lightness of the bunker’s atmosphere compared to the motel room’s thick, sticky air. He sets his package in his high throne, then combs through the shelves for a sippy cup, and opens the fridge in search of orange juice.
Once the picture is printed, the beer purchased, and he’s back in the Impala, he grabs a pen and tries to think about what to write on the back of the photo. He knows he should write
“Sammy! Hey, talk to me!” Dean’s voice is too loud, but Sam forces himself to figure out the words, and they sound like… oh, right.
. Opening his eyes wider, studying more carefully the brother’s expressions, he figures they’re waiting for him to answer.
It’s a bit chilly in this big room, like someone forgot to close the front door, somewhere. The air isn’t
Making sure his brother isn’t already ripping open one of the snacks he’s selected, Sam approaches Cas.
“Hey Cas, I slept okay, thanks.” Dean replies with a quick smile. Was that too much already? “How far are we from Twin Falls?” He asks, turning back to Sam.
The attacks basically stopped when he went on T, and then completely disappeared from his life when he got top surgery (he’ll thank Bobby until his dying breath for having saved that doctor’s life back in the day, ridding her house of an out-of-control poltergeist, therefore earning himself any medical favors he could ask for. Bobby,
than Dean for once. The bedridden hunter’s almost done with his burger and his fries, and he’s eyeing the slice of pie resting next to the notebook on his lap.
“Oookay buddy, time for a little nap?” Dean asks, walking towards Cas, arms extended in front of him.
“Now now. Let’s not get rude, Dean, or I might start to get angry. Rumor has it, you got a kid to come home to, nowadays. Poor little… What’s his name again? Oh yeah. Jack. Wouldn’t wanna see Jack growin’ up with only
They’re roughly 15 miles away from a little town called Kimball, next of which there’s a gas station and a diner right off the highway. Perfect. They just passed another town called Potter and Sam is pretty sure he saw Dean’s head tilt a little at the sudden sight of a diner’s sign. He was right, then, Dean’s definitely getting hungry, and soon he’ll be
A person only writes their name on the first page, or damages a book in such a way when the volume is one of the most important things in their life, a constant, a daily affair, they do this when it went and shaped or
It’s the exhausting type of panic. When you come out the other side, the only thing you feel up for is laying down and counting your breaths. But, with a life like his, laying down to calm his mind was a privilege reserved for the few and far between instances when the attacks would occur while he was alone, usually in the evening, and had no place to be the next morning. Yeah. Few and far between. He can count those on one hand, and fuck his life, that sounds so goddamn depressing.
Cas sighs disapprovingly, but he still leans forward when Dean grabs his phone out of his jacket’s pocket.
In the corner of his eyes, the blurred outline of a door opens, unleashing bright yellow light into the peaceful shade, and Sam follows it. Still rubbing his eyes, he yawns and shuffles towards his bed but is taken aback when Cas rises himself from his designated chair.
How ‘bout a smile? Surely that’ll work. He slaps on the widest grin he physically can, and even attempts to move his hand out of the blanket swaddle (if this person doesn’t recognize this as a brazen show of unabashed love and thankfulness, he’s gonna bite this someone’s head off. Not an exaggeration.) and although the movement feels a bit shaky, and his fingers a little limp, operation MAFLA (Move-Arm-For-Less-Annoyed) turns out to be a grand success. His hand may be hanging off the bed, lifeless, but it was very much alive a few seconds ago, and very obviously extended towards this Someone. Now he just has to wait.
As fascinating as the ground is, Cas’ curiosity wins him over, and he detaches his gaze from the (163, grey, misaligned) floor tiles. Dean’s face looks, well, red. Very red.
“Huh. Well, we can buy one if you want. We could try it out once we reach Twin Falls, in the motel room or something.” He proposes, taking the box off the shelf and fiddling with it. “Haven’t gotten the chance to play Uno a lot myself either, come to think of it, what with the whole ‘hunting since I was a kid’ thing.” He adds, raising one eyebrow, his smile morphing into a disappointed fake-smirk.
Cas is strolling around the gadget section; there’s a few card stacks, phone chargers, some toys, and a bunch of other useless things that will break within a week of usage. Still, the angel is staring intensely at something in the toy section. Looking in the same direction as Cas, Sam realizes the object of his attention is a box of Uno cards. Switching back to Cas, he corrects himself. He’s not just ‘
He attempts to send a murderous glare towards wherever the figure is dwelling, but finds only darkness. A rush of dread ripples through his chest — he’s not a big fan of the dark anymore.
“Yeah, thanks, figured as much.” Surprisingly, answering them did not break his concentration, probably thanks to the tethers he’s been slipping around whatever random word or image or sound he’s been finding along the way. Problem is, walking around like this, in the dark, with his eyes closed no less, is probably how you’d feel if you had to walk a few miles at the bottom of the ocean, without any gear. There’s pressure coming from everywhere, no oxygen (not that he
“Hello, Dean, how did you sleep?” He asks politely, although what he actually wanted to ask was something along the lines of ‘
It’s roughly seven minutes away, and it’ll still be open for another hour. Sam’s beginning to think this Cafe might be (possibly quite
This happened over a decade ago, on a random day in a random motel. Dean and him were chatting, and Cas watched as the puzzling man stood up from the bed, saying something along the lines of “’
(emphasis on friend. Friend. He’s. A. Friend. Ok Dean’s not convinced, for some reason?? How about... He’s a bother. Alright, that works a little better. But works for what? Now
Albeit slightly miffed, Sam lets it slide; there’s no use in starting an argument, or adding any tension to the room’s already
“Fine, I’ll do it, but only if I get to boss you around for a whole week when you guys get back.” Eileen (thankfully) concedes, one eyebrow raised, daring him to refuse the deal. Which, obviously, he’s not going to do. He needs those pictures. So…
“What d’you- A vision?” Dean asks, confusion spreading over his features. The best Sam can do is nod quickly. Nope, bad idea, moving his head brings back a small wave of pain and forces him to close his eyes again until it tones down. “As in, a
This chapter is probably my favorite by far, at least for now. I had a lot of fun writing it, and greatly enjoyed doing the research on the demon called Orthon. I spent roughly 4 hours frantically searching for an obscure demon that actually existed in the 'lore', and had to comb through several old French 16-17th century books about ghosts and demons and witches and paganism, only to find out some passages had already been translated into English in the 1930's and analyzed by a certain 'Montague Summers' (highly recommend checking out his book titled "A Popular History of Witchcraft", by the way) which was quite handy, honestly. Especially since this Orthon is not a popular demon. I'll probably rant about this in the notes of the next couple chapters, I'm about to form quite the web of theories around the original tale to create realistic character development for him.
no. Bending his arm already hurt enough for a whole year, thank you very much. “It might be a bit painful.” YEAH. NO SHIT.
Suddenly, another hand wraps itself around his own lethargic one. He gladly welcomes the other’s soft warmth, and the strange shivers its touch sends up his arm, around his shoulder then down his back and back up his skull. What he
. He gives them a new life, new hopes and dreams, sometimes a better vision of the people around them, but all he deigns to remember (or acknowledge) is that he saved them from certain death.
, if whiskey was involved)), and delicately press his fingers on his forehead. He’d channel soothing Grace all the way to Dean’s soul, then he’d paint calming images of Heaven over the nightmare’s grim flashes. That usually did the trick. He knew he couldn’t be there for every bad dream, but he endeavored to make up for all the ones he missed by helping with the ones he witnessed.
Huh? Cas has the tendency to be evasive, especially when focused on a task so vital. Sam silently presses the angel to further explain himself, gesturing with both his hands expectantly.
Dean’s gotten used to it, floating in the sky whenever Cas kisses him like that. It’s not so much a surprise anymore, it’s a reminder that this life of his is real, and a good (understatement) thing
An idea pops into his head. Since he can’t seem to be able to find out what the letters themselves mean, perhaps another course of action might be preferable. Turning around to face the two other idiots in the room, he clears his throat, pensive.
with articulate sentences and thoughts, capable of holding lengthy conversations about archangels and cereal and hunting and zombies. He could drive, had been learning how to cook, was starting to make his own (sometimes misguided but still his) choices… Yeah. The acclimatization is gonna take Sam a little longer than a few weeks.
They’d spent the next couple of hours meticulously reading each word in some of Sam’s favorite songs’ verses, laughing at some, perhaps crying a couple tears at some others, but mostly smiling the whole way through. Then had come the time to
amused at the thought of a shopping excursion, but his eyes are fixated on something else; so, Cas follows his gaze, all the way to…
He takes a tentative step on the stage, then another, and another, and notices that the spotlight above him is following his every move; at least he won’t have to figure out his way around the room in the dark. Cool.
Sam feels a small spike of adrenaline shiver up his spine, as always, when his brother swipes the hacked card in the machine, but thankfully it doesn’t decline.
He’s already halfway to his room when he hears Cas call out his name. There’s something… soft (?) in the way Cas said it. Oh c'mon, no that can’t be right, the butterflies must’ve fluttered to his ears or his brain or something. Still, when he turns around, the look he sees on Cas’ face reflects that exact same sweetness. Like a marshmallow, except with a face and a lot more sentient. Ok that metaphor didn’t make any fucking sense, and Dean’s blaming the goddamn butterflies.
In a flutter of feathers, he’s in the bunker’s hallway, and the temperatures’ contrast gives him a slight whiplash. He’s not bothered by the cold, obviously, but he can still feel it, and he can absolutely recognize the difference between
” He’s about to go when a sliver of human-education stops him in his tracks, and he kindly chooses to add: “
, for all he is, without being judged. She makes him feel so whole he sometimes thinks he might burst, like the warmth of just one touch could cause him to spontaneously combust.
” because a): he did not have an “email”, whatever that was, b): he couldn’t give her the bunker’s address, it was in America after all, and c): a prayer seemed much more appropriate.
in front of his brother and he’s probably exercising a monk-level of restraint trying not to snatch it all and run away with half of it already crammed into his mouth.
He’s seven, sitting in the backseat, Dean is in the passenger side in front of him, and their father is out somewhere, maybe buying ammunition, maybe buying snacks. Either way, he’s not there. Sam’s rambling about something, he can’t quite recall what, but it was a subject he was passionate about at the time — perhaps a book he’d just finished reading.
’, he means not even 20 seconds, then yes. “How come I walk faster than an angel? Aren’t you s’posed to have super-speed or something, now that you’ve got all your juice back?” He says with a chuckle.
this face disturbing??). “Or I did, at least. This one ain’t exactly mine, per se.” It adds, pointing to its chest.
He’s a lot more jittery than he wishes he was on the drive home. Will Cas like it? Will he understand the message? Will he even care about the gift, or figure out its meaning (wait it has a
He straightens, sniffles away the emotions, walks back to his own room and settles Jack in his bed (the kid took a liking to Dean’s bed at some point, Dean doesn’t really remember when, and can’t take a nap anywhere else now. Must be the memory foam, that mattress is awesome). He hears Cas walking behind him, and notices the angel is carrying the purple dino fondly. He gives it to Jack, whose tiny arms were already extended towards it. Not towards Cas, no, towards the dino. Sometimes, with children, you just have to learn not to get jealous, because they’re always gonna love their stuffies more than you when nap time comes around. He holds back a chuckle when he sees the look of utter betrayal on Cas’ face, and watches his son wiggle around a bit until he finds an adequate sleeping position.
He was about to take his leave when he suddenly got an idea. He asked Julie if she could write the book’s title down for him on a piece of paper, so he could remember to buy it for himself once he got home. She rushed inside and came back out a minute later with a pen clutched between her teeth, and two pieces of paper she’d clearly torn from the first sheet or notebook she’d found. She gave him the first one, where she’d written (in a steadier, more mature handwriting than the one she’d had when she’d signed her copy) “
He glances over to the hunter, waiting in silence for the bomb to explode, but inexplicably, it does not. Instead, in a levelheaded voice, Dean turns back to the teenager and replies with a quick nod and smile.
Liar. But there’s no point in trying to get to the bottom of this, Dean’s clearly not feeling like sharing right now. Jot that down on the list of things Sam needs to ask him about, at some point in the near-ish future.
He’s aware of Cas’ eyes burning on his skin, but he can’t bring himself to look away from the blanket’s repetitive movement yet, counting each breath and making sure a new one follows the last.
It’s one of the reflexes that make him feel just a tiny bit safer during the day, like aligning objects on a table into a perfect order, straightening bedsheets, diligently counting the number of tiles on the floor, or keeping constant tabs of other people’s movements when they’re in the same room as he is. They’re not always conscious actions, he just feels better once he does them. So, he does. They allow him to keep a certain level of control over an extremely messy, unpredictable lifestyle. They’re unchanging routines he can rely on whenever his world gets turned upside down, which, by the way, tends to happen
Why is the wall against his back so comforting? It seems like it’s the only thing keeping him upright. He can’t feel his legs, they’ve probably walked off somewhere else — he doesn’t need them anyway, Cas is holding him up. Gripping him up. ‘Pressing-him-against-the-bricks’ up. Something. He’s so close to his face. He doesn’t blame him for this, he deserves it, if he’s honest. His thoughts are all over the place, and his eyes are so bruised he can barely see anything, apart from Cas, less than an inch away from his lips. He’s so high on adrenaline and pain he’s not a hundred percent sure he can stop his head from tilting forward. If he does that, fuck knows what would happen. He shouldn’t be trusted with this decision, right now; he can’t think straight. Cas can decide for him,
For some reason, this morning’s ordeal suddenly decides to hit him like a fucking train. Brows furrowing, he tries to shake away the unsettling image of his brother’s mutilated back, but to no avail.
He finally reaches the parking lot, and hurries out of the car, grabbing the bag next to him. He fiddles with the key in his pockets, but before he can insert it into the lock, the door opens, and Cas’ blank face appears on the other side. He must’ve heard the Impala’s loud motor as he pulled into the parking spot in front of their room.
. He felt the exact same when Pete-Harry was done, just as wrong, just as out of place. Pete-Harry had some morphine though, so he took it, because if sleeping with him hadn’t worked then maybe a couple pills would. It didn’t. He walked back to their motel sluggishly, tripping over his own feet, and when he opened the door, his dad was already there. Then he got thrown out, and hitchhiked his way over to the next state, and the next one, and the next one, until his phone rang, and John told him to find a way to North Dakota.
“No. I have nevertheless heard that it is quite fun to play with friends.” Cas responds, voice flat, still not taking his eyes off the card game.
A giggle ripples through the door and snatches him away from his troubling thoughts, right on time for him to hear the familiar raspy voice utter a muffled ‘
learn to put up with, and that sometimes means having to apologize to everything and everyone that stands in the way between the hunter and his beloved food. This time around? A literal
’. Well. This is certainly going better than he expected. No push-back. His dad will be a different story, but he can’t chicken out of it any longer. He’s gotta tell him, and he’s gotta do whatever he needs to do to look like a man, for his brother’s sake and his own. He already behaves like one, so he’s one step ahead, at least.
the ache he was feeling a few seconds ago, but rather the cold floor tiles against his right cheek. He’s laying flat on his stomach, and his left shoulder is a weird angle. As in, an angle it really,
“I need you to say it, buddy, can you say ‘ok’ for me please?” Dean presses the little bundle of love in his arms to answer, something caught in his throat. “I just… I just need you to say it.” He adds, but stops there because… Well because his vision is blurred already and he knows he wouldn’t make it past ‘
are they moving. They dart from his hands to the man’s smile to the ceiling, to the bathroom door, then back to his hands (they won’t
After a couple minutes of flicking through the different tabs open on Dean’s computer, and a little bit of extra research (because
, Dean was sort of passed out back then, but… Yeah, it would’ve helped narrowing the search down. Probably. Maybe. Actually, who knows.
, and discovered the family of five had lodged there for a whole week, and had left… That very morning. Luckily, the screen also provided him with an address.
to be Dean’s brain playing tricks on him, right? He can feel Cas’ shoulder brushing against his own, their hands are also dangerously close to each other, and Dean can feel that tremor from a few minutes ago tickling his nerve endings again, which he decides to solve by passing said hand through his hair and pausing at the back of his head, poker face
They finally reach the building’s door, but not before Dean has thumped a satisfactory amount of holes into the ground to cool himself down a bit (read: enough to stop cursing every human being since Adam and every innocent object since the first carved rock).
.) the few steps that lead to the main room, because now he understands why he’s been hearing chuckling and laughing for the past he-doesn’t-actually-know-but-really-long-amount minutes.
think they can are deluded. Every now and again, he’s had to stop his daydreams in their blissful tracks, sitting atop some Alps’ peak or other, and walk up to a few frostbitten and hungry figures struggling in the snowstorms, then scold them like a mother whose children stayed out too late or hurt their knee while running across the street. “
“That’ll be 31 dollars and 67 cents.” The lady announces, after logging all the items into her register. “Cash or card?” She adds, voice just as monotonous, visibly bored to hell with her entire life.
Only while he went to Stanford did he start to pick up normal habits: a few papers (schedules, class notes, random things he’d felt the need to pen down) replaced the knife on his desk, law books replaced the holy water under his bed and kissing Jessica goodnight replaced arguing with his blackout-drunk father. Still, old habits die hard and as nice as that life he lived was, it never felt like it quite fit.
“Of course, how could I forget?” Cas answers with a smile. “I was so surprised when you brought me the picture with that strange look on your face.” He adds, his gaze floating somewhere above Dean’s head (he does that a lot, it’s very endearing).
“Oh, you can just show me the lyrics of some songs in your favorite genres, and I’ll tell you which ones I find meaningful. I don’t need the tunes or the melody to appreciate the meaning of a song, especially not when
’ He thinks, half hoping whoever is calling his name can hear him, and backs the fuck off; half not, because if they
he’s gonna tell him about the dread he felt coursing through his blood less than ten seconds ago. Or was it a whole minute? An hour?
“A few miles, we’re almost there. That’s kinda why I woke you up. Figured you’d have gathered by now.” His brother answers, the shadow of a smirk appearing on the corner of his mouth.
, they’re on a new case involving cowboy-land. Obviously they have to blend in, but that’s not the whole reason he asked Cas to wear the “absurd hat”. Honestly, Dean’s not quite sure why he did in the first place, he didn’t look too far into that decision, because... reasons. He didn’t want to think about a: why he asked Cas to wear it and b: why he doesn’t want to know what made him think of asking the angel to do so in the first place. These questions are for another time, because right now, Cas is sitting next to him, he has the hat on, squinting at himself in the rear view mirror (how can he be insecure when he looks so- wait no. Not going there. Case to solve, monster to kill, cowboys to impersonate.) and Dean isn’t quite sure how speaking works anymore. Again, no reason.
, you’ve been acting somewhat erratically, and I would like to know if there’s an impending cataclysm I don’t know about, just so I can at least get
“Hey Cas, remember our first kiss?” Dean asks sluggishly, he woke up a few minutes ago and Cas (being Cas) had been watching him for a while already, and slammed a warm cup of coffee right into his hand without a word (because his husband is like that, and it’s fucking amazing) daring him with his “angel glare” (or at least that’s what Dean calls it) to speak before swallowing
, perhaps, I don’t discriminate.” A strange, worn-out voice coming from right behind him makes Dean flinch in surprise.
“Alright, don’t forget your laptop.” Cas remarks, pointing towards the floor next to his room. Ah yes, Dean did indeed forget about that. He got so tangled up in his own feelings he didn’t even realize he’d set it down before grabbing Jack.
another perk to being an angel: darkness doesn’t actually prevent him (much) from seeing anything. He’s never told anyone that, for a variety of reasons; firstly, he’s never told Dean because he’d probably end up baptizing Cas’ ‘
is what made her unique in Sam’s eyes. And then a foreign fire, a fire her skin and her heart weren’t used to, burned her up entirely, and Sam had given up on humanity. Kind of. That’s a dramatic way to put it, but it was partly true at the time. He knew there was still Good in the world, yes, but he refused to believe that so much ‘Goodness’ could be held inside another
” His smile was odd as he gave his detailed answer. Because it was what Cas could nowadays identify as ‘
-vision?” Smaller nod this time. “So, you mean, like back in the day?” Even smaller nod. “What the hell? What d’you see??” Dean’s practically shouting, and Sam would very much appreciate it if he
, but hey, I’m on a schedule. Where was I… Ah yeah. It’d be too bad for your kid and the angel waitin’ for you next-door if your scared little heart stopped beating today — by the way, it truly is beating quite fast, you should cut down on the cholesterol, heart-attacks are more common than you think.”
fine. He doesn’t give two shits about how fucking weird this might sound, because there’s a (ridiculously powerful??) demon in the room doing God knows what to his back, and he’s starting to feel like he’s flying over the stage again. ‘
Perhaps they both subconsciously feel the need to spice up uneventful, boring days with disasters. Perhaps it’s the other way around: maybe disasters like to gravitate towards them specifically during those boring (or more accurately,
“Uh, yeah man. Just uh... Just wanted to give you this.” Dean answers before his mind can keep on going on the merry go round of denial he’s become accustomed to for the past decade or so. He slips out the picture from his jeans’ back pocket, and hands it to Cas. “It’s uh... I forgot to give it- uh to show it to you when I took it, uh I guess. And I figured, why not?” Wow that
Dean presses a few buttons, and a song Cas has never heard before starts playing on the Impala’s old speakers. It sounds a lot like how summer feels, and the lyrics are strangely familiar: ‘
It’s very quiet here; the only sounds reaching his ears are the gushes of wind rustling the snow crystals, and the very faraway ones of a few souls down there who’re still awake. He closes his eyes and breathes in a delightfully icy absence of air, filling his lungs with calm solitude, then opens his wings wide, and lets himself go toppling backwards into the cold white powder.
, why in the holy fuck is it so strong!? This is the third wall he’s been thrown against in like, what, four? Five minutes? And
“Okay, yeah that definitely looks like a case.” Sam agrees, turning to Dean. “And the 20th of March… Why does that sound familiar?” He asks, his eyes darting (oh how surprising) to the shelves of books to his left.
Dean is sitting up, with a notebook in his lap, and although he looks a bit pale and the circles under his eyes very dark, his excited smile is genuine. He hasn’t lost his appetite, at least, which is reassuring, considering the severity of what he just went through today.
. Hundreds of people died, dozens of houses pillaged, wives ravaged… But they turned their eyes away, repeating — no,
“An angel of the Lord in a cowboy hat. I mean cmon, that’s gotta be a first, right?” He adds far too quickly for it not to sound suspicious, but maybe he’s just being paranoid. This is Cas, not the most renowned being on this planet for his people skills.
The panic (it’s become a daily occurrence now) is the same he used to feel back when he hadn’t transitioned yet. He used to catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror, or hear someone use his old name (with malicious intent or not, it didn’t matter, it still stung), or feel a part of his body he didn’t want to even acknowledge existed, or get called a ‘she’, and his brain would spiral. He usually ended up in the nearest bathroom, whether that be in the motel he was staying at, or a gas station, biting his cheeks and running cold water on his face to try and snap back to reality.
Cas squints at him: Dean is exhausted and had some kind of episode not even seven hours ago, he should cut him some slack. But he figures (with an emphatic sigh) that that’s what little brothers
bald. Anyways. After some time, Lothaire, dissatisfied with the Kingdom he was gifted, claimed the entire Empire for himself, which kickstarted a civil war between him and his two brothers, who refused to accept his claim. Of course, this led to grim, bloody months erupting over all the lands. Louis the Pious’ reign had already been… Hectic, at best, but this war was much worse than the rebellions that had periodically wrecked the Empire during the few decades prior.
’ He’s not sure whether it’s the punches or the words that sting the most, when he gets like that. The punches, well… He’s never broken his jaw — he’s never been that angry (yet) — and they toughen him up; they’re a
His head is still at an angle, and he’s still very visibly unconvinced. Maybe that was a bit too abrasive, but whatever, he’s not the one who forced the subject on the table. He’s allowed to defend himself.
Sam’s brother seems to have been monologuing about Jack for a while already. He stopped listening at some point, guessing the intended audience was most likely just Dean himself, he likes to ramble about Jack when they’re away from the kid. Well, from
Dean lingers on the hood for a few more seconds before walking (weary, Sam notes) steps to the passenger door which he’d left open.
’, that strange look was back on Dean's face again. It still confuses Cas to this day, that specific look, but knowing Dean had listened to that song, thought about him while doing so, and worked up the courage to ask how he felt about it,
“Hey. What can I do for you?” Asks the teen, extremely sluggishly. Wow, it’s 10am, and he’s already that far?
He glances backwards at Cas, who seems just as alarmed (if not more), then steps out to join his brother in front of the car.
Putting himself in Julie’s shoes, feeling all the despair in the world, he ran inside the hotel then quickly put to sleep the employee taking care of registration, and groaned when he realized the guest-logs weren’t kept in a big leather book like they’d been last time he’d stepped into a high-end hotel, but on a wretched
I should be able to post the next chapter in time next week, because the college mess is starting to clear up, but no promises yet.
He’s excruciatingly aware that he has to speak for this one. So, he tries to clear his throat a few times, and gives his comfortable inner silence some sorts of last farewells.
Cas watches as Dean twists in his seat to get his device out of his pocket and, overcoming his hatred of the different functionalities of his modern phone (and angrily muttering about it under his breath), as he types in a few things on his screen.
he wanted, but maybe it meant something.), the angel turns to the door and slowly twists the doorknob, then pushes the door a little until Dean can see the small rise and fall of Jack’s breathing. Letting out a breath himself (didn’t realize he was holding it actually), Dean feels relief course through his body. The panic left, there’s only basic parental worry now. And love. A whole lotta love.
"These 'monsters' were werewolves. They are weak to silver. My bullets are made out of silver. Now leave."
"Cas, honey... please sit down." Mary said and gestured to an empty place on the couch, next to Bobby and Ellen.
"I-I'm sorry, a-about what happened. It's... unbelievable..." She said and Dean nodded again. Then Mary came down the hallway into the living room.
"I mean why not...? Thor is a god, Asgard is real, angels and demons, hell,... why not God himself?"
Bucky nodded. "If it's code red, then he needs as much as possible, but one Avenger less won't change much."
"Everything is back to normal. Like I said, I brought those back who gave everything for you and tried to help. Monsters, demons and angels still exist, but they won't be able to interfere with you guys like they used to."
"Can we not just tell them that God exists and that he brought Dean back, though he is different now?" Mary suggested.
Jack snapped his fingers and suddenly a familiar looking man appeared. "D-De-" Castiel couldn't say the name and just ran foreward and embraced the man who appeard. It was Dean. HIS Dean. He just stood there confused. "C-Cas? Wh- What..?"
Sam had some tears in his eyes and Bucky walked up to him and put his metal arm on his shoulder for comfort.
"Sorry. The police found us and dragged us to an orphanage. I tried to convince them that you would be home soon, but the guy at the hotel told them that you had left a week ago, so they thought you abandoned us..."
Now John, Sam and Dean all stood awkwardly in the living room. Sam was about to say something, when they heard an old engine in the driveway.
Dean didn't know what to say, he just walked up to them and hugged them both at the same time, throwing his arms around them.
"No. He still doesn't talk much and Dean's death was really bad for him. It... it crushed him, just like Cas."
Tony remembered when Bucky called them. They came as fast as they could and couldn't believe what they saw. Dean's body was torn apart and Tony could barely look at him. Bucky had told them what happened and the Avengers couldn't believe it. It took them a few days before they could work normally again. The Avengers had more and more missions and especially Bucky took one assignment after the next one. Tony quickly realized that Bucky tried to distract himself, just like he himself started to drink more and more again. Of course Dean wasn't as close to them as Sam was, because Dean was always more distant and a bit of a lone wolf, which was also the reason why Bucky always got along well with him. But they still cared a lot for Dean and hoped to help the boy. Tony always blamed himself. He thought if he had tried to be closer to Dean, tried to understand him more, then maybe Dean wouldn't have left with John back then. Bucky and Sam tried to talk him out of it, that it wasn't Tony's fault. But Tony was stubborn and barely ever listened to anyone else.
"It's true." John said. "You died four months ago on the job. It was hard, for all of us and now... Bobby and Ellen found you on the side of the street, so how did you get there? How are you alive?" He asked.
The woman shook her head. "Not gone. Dormant. And not just visions either... Why do you think Lilith is so scared of you?"
"Ah, Sam by the way. Dean talked to me and we brought your stuff over to the tower. So if you want to continue your little... date then I am happy to tell you that the tower is open." Tony grinned and Sam looked lost.
Sam was able to hold on to the side, but Bucky and Dean had to jump down into the water. The Impala stopped and Sam climbed back up. He looked down.
"Dean, I stopped hunting after we got here 8 years ago. Bucky on the other hand hunted a lot since you left us. He would be a much bigger help then me." Sam told him.
"Sam and I got from one mission to another and we helped a lot of people, but after some time it got more complicated... We had to deal with a lot of demons who were way too powerful for us and- and angels." Dean turned to Castiel.
The Empty is less crowded and chaotic than before, but there is still a constant hum of voices. We PAN across crowds of demons and even a few angels wandering aimlessly or talking to each other until we find Jack, facing off against the human-shaped pool of nothing that is The Empty.
Cas makes a face at this. It would be so easy for him to erase Alex’s and Jamie’s memories of the day, replacing them with a nice day at the beach. He could do it so easily... but he doesn’t think it would be a good idea.
Not at all. I can’t believe we left you alone earlier, but Cas and Jack both trust you for some reason. I’m questioning their judgement.
A short awkward moment ensues where they both wait for the other’s cue to sit. It is Eileen who sits first, breaking some of the awkward atmosphere when Sam follows suit.
"Yeah! I'll send him a text to tell him to meet us in the library in 5 minutes." Dean smiled, pulling out his phone and starting to text Cass. It wasn't long before Charlie and Dean were sitting in a couple of armchairs at the back of the library, waiting for Cass who had replied saying he'd be there. "Cass! Over here!" Dean whisper-yelled when a boy with dark hair and startling blue eyes walked through the door and looked around. He smiled and jogged over to them then he tried to push Dean over so they could share the seat. Dean just kept pushing back against him saying something about "personal space".
Sam’s thoughts finally take over him and he stands up, attracting Eileen’s attention as he starts packing his duffle with hunting supplies.
We’ll help them. Guaranteed. But first, we’re gonna need to find Bela. And something tells me she’s going to be even harder to find this time. So, I say, we relax while we can, because things are gonna get real bad, real quick.
Meg lays on top of the covers on Castiel's bed, her shirt and face caked with her own blood, and her hands clutching at her stomach. Cas, Dean, and Sam all enter the room slowly.
Charlie Bradbury was not looking forward to starting the school year at Sioux Falls High. She got enough attention when she moved into the quaint little town and she didn't want the extra attention that came with being the new kid. Normally, she chose bigger towns where students were less likely to notice her, but she moved into Sioux Falls at the end of August and had liked it there. When she found out that school would be starting, she figured she should probably go.
Rowena plucks the floating bullet out of the air and inspects it. Carved into the bullet is a Devil’s Trap.
I was going to! And then Lucifer showed up and my judgement may have gotten a little clouded-- but that’s not what we’re talking about!
Sam sits at the table, his chin in one of his hands while the on the hand taps on the table in front of him. He can’t shake the feeling that the case isn’t over, and he doesn’t want to leave it.
Now, isn’t that poetic? You first came into Dean’s life with a handprint, and now you’ve left it with one as well.
Sam holds his phone to his chest as he steps out of Eileen’s bedroom, closing the door behind him. As he shuts it, we catch a glimpse of Eileen, still asleep in the bed.
Never do that to me again, you hear? I can’t lose you again. ‘Cause I may have seemed okay on the outside... but, Cas, I’m a mess when you’re gone. You said--
Dean, Charlie, and Stevie all look to the end of the table where Sam has now ended his conversation with Jodie, Donna, Garth, and Eileen.
Sam drops the jacket he was inspecting and moves to stand next to Eileen and look at what she is pointing to-- a faint black stain.
That’s what we would hope, isn’t it? No, it’s another demon. I think it's the one that was possessing Jamie.
Castiel and Gabriel walk along a mountainside trail, the view in the distance showing an expansive stretch of nature that Heaven is quickly becoming. Here and there, CABINS and VILLAGES can be seen sprouting up as angels build this new heaven.
"Hm... I kinda wanna meet this Cass guy now. Could we do that?" Charlie asked. When Dean had mentioned Cass she noticed there was a certain sparkle in his eyes. She already shipped them and she hadn't even met one of them!
Alex? It’s me, Sam, then one who was going to help you find your friend. We found him, he’s by the Ferris wheel if you want to meet us there.
Bela went through all the hard work of getting these bodies for us, the least I can do is use this one while you have the other one.
Yes, Dean. An unknown number of people set to lose their lives in ten years sounds like a perfect thing to plan our next family vacation around.
"Luce, that is the best story I have heard all day." Anna somehow managed to get out through her laughter.
Cas enters the room first, his eyes glowing blue and his wings out, and Dean, Sam, Meg, and Jack follow close behind.
"Oh, no. You have no reason to worry. It's my lovely younger brother and his boyfriend who need to worry. Just don't eat the fries and you'll be fine. I would never do anything to your food." Lucifer said so only Charlie could hear.
Hey, you’re back! Just in time, too, we’re about to have family movie night. Jack picked-- we’re watching Ice Age. Come on, join us!
What brings you here, Sam? The last time I heard from you, you seemed worried that something bad was happening and you told me to stay put, then nothing.
"Honey, I'm home!" Dean shouted as he walked through the front door of the Shurley house. As soon as the door shut, he was greeted by 12 people running into the room and jumping on him, causing everyone to fall to the floor in a huge pile. "Alright, alright. You're crushing me here people! You just saw me a little bit ago!"
A small camp is set up in the middle of the eerie forest. Two tents are pitched, between which burns a campfire, the flames bright and high. On logs surrounding the fire sit four college students on a long weekend-- EMILY RICHARDS (20), WESLEY DUBOIS (21), NATHAN DUBOIS (21), and REESE CARNEY (20).
With shaky breath, Emily carefully pulls back the flap of the tent to peer outside. When she sees nothing, she slowly crawls out of the tent.
Among the customers, we see a few familiar faces: KEVIN TRAN, VICTOR HENRIKSEN, MAX and ALICIA BARNES, and ANDY GALLAGHER are among a few.
"I can assure you I am Dean!" Dean said, finally managing to get Michael to release his face. "You would lose your appetite too if you had those fries Luci fed us."
"Well, I mean, Michael wanted to 'possess' you, so obviously it wasn't just a freak Satan thing." Castiel said.
I mean, what have you been doing up here this whole time if you haven’t just been waiting here? What is there to do?
"I'm sorry Cass and Dean, I didn't mean to upset you guys." Lucifer said, suddenly feeling guilty. That's right, Satan has can feel things too. Even guilt.
Castiel stands up, the jacket still in his hand, and attempts to move past Michael. Michael holds out an arm to stop him and grabs the jacket to inspect.
Alex? It’s me, Sam, then one who was going to help you find your friend. We found him, he’s by the Ferris wheel if you want to meet us there.
Dean uses the flashlight on his phone to see as he descends the stairs, confused as to why the lights are off and where everyone is.
That seems like the most likely explanation, but other than the fact that their chests were ripped open and each of the victims was missing a heart, all other evidence points to murder.
"I agree." Cass said, relieved by Dean's reaction. Normally Dean would go on a rant about how even though both he and Cass were perfectly comfortable dating guys and have dated guys before, that didn't mean they should date each other.
This episode is where the warning for graphic depictions of violence will really start to come into play. If you don't want to read about that but still want to continue with this series, I can send you a pdf with a summary of the parts with gore/violence and the other parts written out as is! Stay safe, everyone!
At the edge of the camp, something moves gently in the wind and we ZOOM IN to see Wesley, Nathan, and Reese all hanged from a tree in the middle of a clearing, blood dripping from each of their chest cavities, which are open to reveal missing hearts and we--
What did you want to talk to me about, Dean? I imagine it didn’t have anything to do with the history of our meetings in parks.
I don’t know her as well as you, I’m not the one who met her as a human, on the rack, and as a demon.
I have to make sure things in Heaven are going well. I've been gone for the past couple of days now. Besides... I'm sure you and Sam will have a lot to catch up on.
Castiel raises a hand towards the doors and with a flash of bluish-white light and a loud BANG, the doors open.
I guess the Winchesters don’t just attract angels for their vessels. Rather unfortunate, although nothing can be done about it.
The same trail that all five victims were killed near. And I’ve even got a picture of where Maria and Gertrude were killed.
"How about you all stop yelling and get off of me before you suffocate me to death!" Dean screeched.
So, instead, he offers his brother his silent companionship as Dean pours himself another three fingers of scotch, and we--
Yeah, um, Sam, how about you go take Jack back to the bunker? I wanna, um. I wanna talk with Cas about something.
Sam, we haven’t left this room since before she called the first time-- don’t you think we all would have known if she called back?
Dean smiles into his coffee at that, taking a long drink before he sets the mug down and motions at Sam’s computer.
The group travels down the hall, careful of their surroundings and tensing up every time a shadow flickers in a way that makes it seem demonic.
As Balthazar pointed out, Heaven is indeed under new management, and as that new management, there’s a few things I would like to change.
Besides, Rowena isn’t our only problem. Jack and Cas are most likely on a certain cosmic entity’s hit list... and, I guess, Meg is, too.
Meg and Bela stand off for a moment longer before Bela releases Dean and he gasps for breath, leaning against Cas and Sam.
ASH, GABRIEL, and BALTHAZAR are among the partiers, while both MICHAEL as Adam, and ADAM sit at the bar.
Cas nods and places a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder as he stands. He lets his hand fall as he turns to leave the library, taking his glass with him.
Sam stands nervously on the porch, hands fiddling with his phone as he looks around him when Eileen suddenly opens the door.
Reese grabs a can for himself and sits back down on the log next to Nathan and the campers start to laugh and joke some more.
The beach is crowded, families everywhere both in the water and on the sand. Two men-- ALEX and JAMIE-- throw a frisbee back and forth. CLOSE ON the frisbee as Alex throws it and it flies through the air. A hand reaches out and grabs it-- clearly not Jamie, this is the hand of a woman.
Hey, um, Alex, right? Alex, it’s going to be okay, yeah? I’m just going to need you to tell me what happened, and then we can find your friend.
And you don’t think that I do? Trust me, Sam, I will do everything in my power to make sure that Cas and Jack are safe, but that starts with sitting back and staying on Earth where we know they can’t be harmed until we figure something out.
Okay, so we’re gonna circle back to that archangel thing when you come back. But-- be safe. I just got you back, I'm not gonna lose you again, you hear?
Dean glanced at Cass then inspected his burger before he took a bite. Cass waited a few minutes to make sure Dean didn't die and when he didn't, Cass took a bite of his own burger. The three teenagers continued eating their burgers and drinking their milkshakes in silence until Dean and Castiel remembered they had fries. They each took a handful and stuffed them into their mouths, only to cough and splutter, spitting the fries out onto their plates.
"Um... should I be scared to eat my food, because I am." Charlie said, looking at her cheeseburger as if it was about to attack her or just melt into grey goo.
Dean narrows his eyes at her-- he’s never trusted her and her status as a demon isn’t going to change that.
For now, I want to focus on redesigning Heaven to make it happier. Everything should be connected, and angels and souls should be free to roam wherever they wish.
Castiel leaves the bunker with a whoosh of his wings and we focus on Dean’s face, pained and conflicted... the inner turmoil breaking through as we CUT TO--
Um, I was just about to head to a case and was wondering if you’d want to come? It’s in Washington state, some campers were killed. It looks like a werewolf to me.
Oh, darling, I have plenty of business here. You on the other hand... what business does a demon have with God, an archangel, and the Winchesters?
"Well I haven't seen him in two days!" Uriel screamed, trying to beat his family in this little game.
He doesn’t wait for an answer, however, as he glances at the computer’s screen before promptly leaving with a WHOOSH of his wings.
Slowly, ZOOM IN on a demon standing close to the door in Hell’s throne room. The demon darts its eyes around the room, calculating.
Rowena pulls out her phone and presses a few buttons, tapping her fingers on her throne impatiently as she waits for the person on the other line to pick up.
Dean looks between Jack, Cas, and the Rice Krispie treat with a fond smile-- he really is the luckiest man alive to be able to be here, alive, and with all of these people that he loves and that love him in return.
"You can tell me anything, Cass." Dean said, sitting up and looking at Cass. He reached out and grabbed Cass' hand, rubbing the back of it soothingly with his thumb.
Dean trails off. This conversation is quickly heading in a direction he never thought it could lead, and his emotions are starting to get to him. We can see that he’s on the verge of tears now, the memories of Cas’ death too much for him.
As always, comments and kudos are loved, appreciated, and encouraged! I love hearing what you thought of each episode, so either leave a comment, or head on over to tumblr to send me an ask or message! I reply to everything!!
Dean continues reading and Cas moves to stand over his shoulder. We see Cas read a small portion of the article before he smiles.
Sam and Eileen enter the reception. They walk up to the reception desk and pull out their fake badges. The receptionist doesn’t look up from her computer.
He’s still your brother, Dean. No matter how much time has passed. You forget that you once spent forty years away from Sam yourself, and that turned out fine.
Yep. Well, technically it'll never be complete. But we don't have to do any more renovations. It'll just keep changing as more souls enter and it'll change slightly based on what their idea of Heaven is.
Pulling up into the Cafe’s street, he forces his brain to shut the fuck up, and mentally rehearses his takeaway order. That’s another habit of his, preparing this type of sentence ahead of time.
Then, handing him the pen and the second piece of paper, she told him to write his name on it, maybe his address, or his e-mail, so they could talk about the books once he finished reading them. She stuttered a little, adding that this had been her favorite saga since she was 11. He smiled, and simply wrote “
His cheek feels raw, burning in the shape of a hand; why did he do that? Did he do something wrong? He didn’t even
A soon as he gave her the slip of paper, he waved goodbye to them, and walked back to the street, not waiting until she’d finished reading it. As he was about to fly off, he heard Julie’s voice call out his name, so he turned his head around, only to see she’d ran into the middle of the street, still in her slippers and pajamas, probably to ask him why he hadn’t given an address or a full name. He simply smiled at her, then disappeared.
I'm not sorry for including French in this fic. I'm not. It just happened. The Muse told me to write it in and I did. Direct any of your grievances at her and not at me. Anyways, I think I'm gonna start posting only once every two weeks. College is very taxing this year, and I'm a bit of a slow writer.
“Your eyes are closed, Dean.” The voice sounds gentle again, calming. And it’s right, too, Dean’s eyes were in fact closed.
He slows down when he gets to his door, and stops just before the doorway, back to the wall, hand already resting on the gun in his waistband. Hearing no sign of a threat, he tiptoes through the door and stands there for an indefinable amount of time, just watching the blanket's rise and fall. There’s a few locks of golden hair spreading out of the covers, and he can spot the head of a purple dinosaur sticking out as well. He smiles softly, silently grabs his bag, his boots, a couple extra weapons, his wallet and a few other items he might need. Walking out into the hallway (it’s infinite again, fuck his life), an idea pops into his head. Setting his stuff down, he slips back into his room, and opens up one of his desk’s drawers. There’s a picture of Jack from a few weeks ago sitting on top of all the others, right where he left it yesterday. He grabs it, turns back to the bed, watches his son inhale and exhale a few more precious breaths, then rips himself away from the scene and walks decidedly back out.
He’s got enough time to take a small detour before popping in to see his son. How about a mountaintop? And suddenly he’s knee-deep in powdered snow, looking down on a little Swiss tourist town called Saas Fee.
“So, what do I do now? Is there a specific uh… System, or do I just start screaming and hope he’ll hear me?”
It doesn’t take long before Emily finds the crime scene tape around the campsite her and her friends had set up. Nothing is out of place-- the beer cans still litter the ground, the tents are still pitched, and the coolers are still closed next to the campfire.
"Ah, yes. Dean mentioned seeing you on his way in. He's in talking to the principle, Mr. Shurley, at the moment. How about I print off your schedule and then see if he wants to show you around?" The woman asked. Charlie thought about it for a second. There was no harm in having someone show her around the school. Not to mention this is the longest she's ever stayed in one city already and it would be nice to have some friends while she was there.
The fire station is quiet. The door to the garage remains shut as cars pass by in the street and the parking lot remains mostly empty.
Sam and Eileen smile at each other as Sam helps Eileen with Alex, shifting the man’s weight more onto himself, and on that image we--
No! No, Jack, you didn’t do anything wrong. You’ll be a wonderful God and create a world worth living in! I just-- how were you able to free me from...
The Impala remains parked along the side of the road. Dean and Castiel stand together, leaning against the side of the car. They stand close enough together that their shoulders touch, but they don't touch other than that.
"My day started out pretty great. I got to school and made it to class on time, my first hour teacher is one I like, I even get to sit in between Jo and Dean, if he was in class. Speaking of Dean," Cass gave Dean a pointed look before he continued. "I was enjoying my class when this little shit-"
Sam sits at the table several articles pulled up on his computer, while Eileen sits across from him, packing salt into shotgun shells.
When Sam gets no response, he frowns slightly in confusion and checks the time-- 5:34pm, Dean should be off work by now-- and then starts searching through the Bunker.
Heaven’s controls have clearly been long-since abandoned, although the room seems to have been left in pristine condition. Computers fill the room, each one displaying someone’s Heaven, however, we don’t care about those. Our focus is on a control board with billions of switches and one master switch.
"Yeah! Good to meet you Cass! By the way, Dean told me about who your father is." Charlie said, causing Cass to turn and playfully smack Dean in the chest with the back of his hand.
Meg and Jack stroll along the pier, both clearly on guard as they look around them for any sign of Jamie or Bela.
Dean and Cas sit close to each other at the table as Dean talks to Charlie and Stevie at his other side.
We see an OLD ALARM CLOCK going off on the nightstand. DEAN reaches over to turn it off and we ZOOM OUT to see him sit up in bed, still obviously tired. MIRACLE jumps on the bed and Dean hugs him.
