John watches, having stopped breathing entirely, as a man storms inside the flat, not having noticed him apparently as he stops in front of Sherlock and leans in to kiss him quickly. "I knew the pirate was a good idea." Unable to see Sherlock's face anymore, John can only hear the wet sound of another kiss, two, three. "You should try it on before we go."
“Neither of us can be sure of that,” Sherlock replies, repressing a shiver. “Just like I can’t promise that I won’t hurt you again, because sometimes I’m going to run after a suspect without telling you, and sometimes you’ll get angry and storm out after choosing the wrong words to express yourself.”
XX67: (
(020) XXXX XX32
Sherlock laughs, following him out of the room, standing so very close. They find Rosie waiting in the kitchen, her phone in one hand but her eyes fixed on them as soon as they emerge from the room. She doesn't say anything, but it doesn't take Sherlock's genius mind to understand what her smile means.
Sherlock shakes his head, not sure he’ll be able to come back to bed if he leaves now. “I’m fine.”
And I want to, God knows I want to. I want to discover what it’s like to love someone so passionately, with you. I want to kiss my way down your neck, your chest, stomach and thighs. I want to taste you, every part of you. I want to mark your skin, to let everyone know I was lucky enough to explore all of you. I want you to discover all of me too. I want to feel your eyes on my naked body, want to watch you as you read the stories behind each scars marking my skin. I want dark nights spent discovering each other, whispering our desires and fantasies in the intimacy of our bed.
“Well, that’s one skill you’re not showing off.”
Sherlock’s head snaps back toward him, “Tried to?”
Sherlock shivers, toes curling and head spinning.
Tell her I say hello.
Sherlock looks back out the window, and John glances at Montgomery, entirely focused on his phone. Shifting closer, he lets his hand rest near to Sherlock's, a clear invitation that can either be ignored or accepted. "Is everything alright?"
XX67: John?
“Are you ill?”
“I almost want to take a bath now,” John continues, having now stopped in front of Sherlock’s door. “But that would only make it worse afterward.”
call earlier, I meant to say
“Then I’ll give it all to you.”
“Where should we put everything?”
“Idiots,” Sherlock says, startling them both. “We need to go to St Pancras.”
“Yeah?” John replies, licking his lips again and not missing the way Sherlock’s eyes follow the movement slowly.
He hums, "Yes."
Tobby forgets entirely about him as soon as he’s eating, and Sherlock puts the kettle on before opening the glass doors to the garden. He collects the newspaper Thomas left there earlier, the boy having agreed to deliver it directly to his garden table in exchange for some detailed stories of some of his cases. Sherlock sometimes looks at him and sees Rosie at his age instead, always asking questions about all the things John couldn’t write down on his blog. She wouldn’t stop until either John or himself started explaining some complex case and all the details that had lead them to solve it, drinking in their words with wide eyes and impressed sighs.
“This is…” Sherock starts, moaning. “This is so much more than what I imagined.”
“Thank you Mr. Holmes,” she sighs, patting Toby’s ears. “Hello, good boy.”
“John,” Sherlock calls, and John freezes. He watches as Sherlock stands up slowly, still staring at the sea for what seems an eternity before finally turning around.
XX67: I want to try. This is something I thought about too. Often.
"I can't?" John replies, the ache expanding to his entire body. "Is there a problem?"
Another sharp nod and they're heading outside, Montgomery parking in front of the house just as Sherlock explains to Toby they'll be back soon. They leave him behind, and John doesn’t miss Sherlock's several concerned glances back towards the house as they drive away. "He'll be fine."
“A whole week to solve this mess,” Greg sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. “I guess I forgive you for sneaking out of my party.”
XX32: Are you sulking now?
“We just slept next to each other,” John replies. “He woke me up in the middle of the night, we were both very tired obviously or else he would have say something.”
“So pliant. God, I can’t imagine how wonderful you’ll look when you’re properly blissed out.” John breathed, his words ghosting over Sherlock’s neck. “How many people have took their time to prepare you? Did they ever let you go beyond two fingers or were they too impatient themselves?”
XX67: (
"It doesn't change the fact that I couldn't face what I did to you," John continues, shivering. "We went to get you that ridiculous birthday cake, said goodbye and I watched you go feeling like I would never see you again."
I have a letter I need your men to authenticate.
Sherlock opens his eyes. John is still lying on his side, still fully clothed, still staring right at him. Neither of them move for a long moment, only the sound of their breathing echoing through the room, and Sherlock tries to remember the last time he felt as if it was all slipping through his fingers.
"Now I haven't a single idea of what I'm doing," Sherlock breathes, one finger finding the lines around John's mouth. "With Horsen," he continues, John barely able to repress a disgusted shiver at the name, "I always managed to find excuses not to join him in bed, and besides, the whole virgin thing played in my favor all along."
to compare it to.
“Please tell me this is what I think it is,” Lestrade exclaims as soon as he pushes the door open.
“We should each search a gallery,” John proposes, giving everyone their tickets. “We’ll go faster this way.”
“Thank you,” John says, hand itching to stroke his thigh. “Actually, with the blog and all, I sometimes think I could be writing about you.”
“Yes, I did. But none of them mattered like this one does. And I can’t wait to have dinner with you and not wonder if it’s just dinner or if kissing you at the end would be alright. Because the thing is, Sherlock, I’m going to kiss you at the end of that date.”
John rolls his eyes, open his door and getting out. Violet is all over him in a matter of seconds.
“What I felt, no, feel, when it comes to you is, and has always been, far from simple friendship, John.”
“But, I…” Sherlock begins before trailing off, having no idea how to explain it all.
John is about to reply when Angelo comes with their order, and he waits until he’s gone before finally asking, “You didn’t help?”
“I just…”
“Everything alright?” John asks in a murmur.
“I was alone with my thoughts again, and even if I could still feel the ghost of your lips against mine, I was also able to think this through. It took me barely a second to start doubting again, not you, never you, but myself.” Sherlock pauses, eyes roaming all over John’s face. “You have to realise that there was a good chance I could have ruined all this in just a second.”
Sherlock shakes his head, desperately trying to recall any of it.
“I thought we established that yes,” Sherlock replies, lips curling into a smile, and John imitating him.
Didn’t doubt you would.
John searches for something to say, but doesn’t find anything.
“Yeah?”
Sherlock gets up, setting his mug down and puts on his shoes before joining him. Attending to the four hives he had acquired four years ago is the brightest moment of his day, and Sherlock takes the time to protect himself before going to the first one, thinking back on Rosie’s words. Toby is playing with some of the bees, having gotten used use to being stung, and Sherlock lifts the lid carefully. He inspects each one slowly, collecting some honey in the third and fixing the last. Toby has long deserted him when he’s finished, and he puts his equipment back in the shed before walking back toward the house.
“I know how to cook, John.”
John doesn't reply, giving the DI one last nod before leaving. He looks around in case Sherlock had waited for him there, but catches no sight of darks curls or long coat. He slides both hands into his coat pockets, the prospect of all there is to come now making it hard to focus. He returns two or three smiles from officers he can't remember the name of, and climbs the stairs down to the main entrance with a brand new ache settling in his chest. He stops dead when he notices Sherlock smoking outside, his back turned to him and his head falling backward, as if he was staring at the stars.
Sherlock nods. John swallows down slowly.
"Thank you," John breathes out, raising one hand to stroke Rosie's hair slowly. "You're staying with Mrs H, sweetheart."
trust each other. Yes, just like you, I killed a man to save him before even agreeing to share a flat, but that instant connection didn’t make it
Breathing out as quietly as he can, Sherlock focuses on the warmth still radiating from John’s body. He takes comfort in it, trying to gather the courage to shift closer, even just one hand reaching for his, when John’s voice suddenly fills the silence, “That was okay, right?”
“Could you tell me stories too?” Thomas asks, sounding all too excited. “I could bring you something too, anything you want.”
Time blurs into small eternities, and it’s with the puzzling thought of no exchanged “Goodnights” that sleep finally takes John.
John chuckles, “No.”
XX67: (
John nods slowly, "Yeah, right." He studies Sherlock for a second, unable to stop worrying, "But we're alright?"
John hides his relief as best as he can and smiles, and feeling as if he could either cry or laugh at any moment now.
Just a little longer.
With a somehow clearer mind, the rest of the afternoon blurs out into something quiet but oddly comfortable. They do not speak for what could be hours, simply existing in each other presence, a glance or cough reminding the other
“I love you,” he whispers, words getting lost in the silent room.
“Yes?”
“Hey, what are you doing there?”
Arnold finds him ten minutes later. "Didn't work?"
“Oh, you’re from the police!” John exclaimed, as if it was all making sense now and Sherlock hurried to correct him.
“Oh! Looks like he’s coming over here!” Lestrade says, laughing again as he stands up. “I’m gone, good luck!”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, not exactly sure how he could explain what went through his head at the time. John stares right back at him, and for a long moment, they don’t say a word. Sherlock wonders if this is how dates work; feeling helpless and on the edge of either combusting or running away. Inhaling deeply, he allows himself to let his guard down once and for all: “I didn’t.”
, John thinks, wishing the words weren’t stuck in his throat.
“I knew loving you would be full of surprise.”
Sherlock wakes up just a little disoriented. He stares up at the ceiling, identifying the few marks here and there and suddenly feeling very much awake. His first instinct is to look at his right, heart stopping at the sight of a still asleep John Watson. Trying to calm his heart and breathing down, he makes a quick mental check of his state : clothed, no headache, a bandage of his right hand. None explaining why he finds himself in John’s bed in the middle of the day. He tries not to think of all the times he imagined such a scenario, not what could have happened to make it a reality.
John takes a deep breath, “Well, the very first night I slept in this bed, I was already wondering whether or not I could have invited you in my bed.”
He makes his way up just as fast only to feel his entire body crash down with disappointment when he finds the flat empty. Has Sherlock come back at all today? He gets rid of his shoes and jacket, heading for Sherlock’s bedroom first. Something warm spreads throughout his chest at the sight of the green hole in Sherlock’s mattress. He remains standing there longer than he should, deciding that no matter if Sherlock comes home with a new mattress or not, he won’t say anything, won’t comment either.
John shushes him with a pointed look, waving goodbye to Montgomery and waiting until the car is gone before tugging on Sherlock's hand, bringing their faces much closer together, "You were the one who chased a cat all around the house, and the neighborhood if I remember correctly."
"I needed to be sure," John says, fingers tightening into fist. "I had to see for myself."
“But first, let’s get on that sofa.”
John nods, remaining silent for a moment and pondering what to say next. He allows himself a deep breath before finally saying, his voice barely above a murmur, "If it's about what I said the other day, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make it all awkward, or make you feel uneasy."
“For anyone else, yes.” Sherlock replied before frowning at John’s smirk. “What?”
It’s only when Sherlock pushes himself harder against him that John realises the state they’re both in. He’s the one to moan this time, already feeling desperate for more, but he manages to pull away just enough to rest their foreheads together, “Sherlock, I-”
“What if it never comes?” Sherlock asks.
“Should I try to protect myself right now?” he asks, finding Sherlock’s eyes.
And here it is, the end!
John laughs some more and kisses him, so Sherlock figures it’s alright.
“There’s something I oath to say then,” Sherlock says.
“It’s fine. I can go and look for another room.” Sherlock immediately offered.
John goes still, worry creeping upon him. “What?”
“How long?”
"Is it?"
For now it means dinner. Feeling more settled now, John sends out the text he’s been willing to, getting a quick reply confirming that Sherlock would be there to eat with him in a little less than a hour. So John gets to work, chopping carrots, potatoes and leek after putting on a playlist on his phone. The music helps clearing his mind for the next forty minutes, melodies after melodies making it easier to focus on his knife and pan than the empty bed upstairs and who might lie there later tonight.
"God, Sherlock," John moans, "I would have taken you in my mouth right there and then."
"One day?"
in a voicemail? “Fuck,” he curses out loud, sitting back against the sofa and cursing once more, “I’m an idiot.” He closes his eyes, sighing loudly. He hadn’t meant to leave any message at all, just ask Sherlock if they could meet to talk, and somehow he had ended up making a fool of himself, mumbling nonsense and confessing his feelings in a bloody voicemail. To be honest, he hadn’t been thinking clearly ever since reading Sherlock’s letter, each and every one of his confessions prompting a thousand questions, and John had found himself on the verge of storming out of his flat and heading to 221B more than once during the night. Only Rosie and what was left of rational thinking had kept him in his own bed, trying not to overthink Sherlock’s words.
They both laugh, John being suddenly reminded of his still aching erection. Sherlock gasps, his entire body shuddering.
“Yes?”
“The kitchen too, for sure,” John adds, adding both to their lists.
It takes a full five minutes into their walk for John to dare and reaches for Sherlock’s hand. He holds his breath, tentatively lacing their fingers together, and releases it when he feels Sherlock squeezing his hand. He catches Sherlock smiling broadly at him and there isn’t much John can do against the light chuckle that escapes him.
“Yes, Rosie, it’s him.”
10:26
Sherlock closes his eyes, not giving Mycroft the pleasure of hearing him sigh over the phone. "I'm old Mycroft, not senile. I remember perfectly."
Sherlock nods, and with one last kiss, John detaches himself from him. He engraves the sight before him in his memory, already fearing the years will make him forget just how breathtaking Sherlock had looked that first night. "I love you," he breathes, already desperately wanting to have Sherlock pressed against him.
, Sherlock finds himself thinking.
XX32: Was it… alright?
“You do?”
(020) XXXX XX67
He’s already lying back down on the right one, eyes everywhere but on Sherlock as he goes to put his pillow down. Only their breathing echoe in the room as he gets under the cover too, and for a long moment, they lie still with the lights on and neither of them thinking of doing anything about it.
10:28
Not yet, no.
You did.
“I’ll tell you over dinner,” Sherlock replies, falling back into movement. “I need a shower.”
"I imagined falling asleep to the sound of you pacing in the room," John begins, closing his eyes, the images coming to him so easily. "I would eventually wake up, and you had gone to bed after all. You'd be lying next to me, very close, and I would be hard. Maybe I was already dreaming about you, or my body knew that you were right there, it doesn't matter because you weren't asleep but staring at me." John stops to breathe in deeply. "We'd be face to face, and you would know I had an erection. And I'd notice that you had one too, impressively hard already, and neither of us would say a word as we slip our hands in our respective pants."
Sherlock turns to face John, reading on his face a silent question, and he shakes his head slowly, taking a step closer, “No. It is not.”
“Yes,” Sherlock smiles. “I love you.”
“I love you,” he breathes. “I love you and I’m going to try not to be scared of you leaving again, because this, right now, this is everything I’ve ever wished for, and I don’t know what I will do if you-”
I can’t, this is…
Sherlock's eyes flutter closed, the words echoing inside the room for what could be an eternity. "John," he murmurs, out of breath.
He doesn’t waste time, using the kitchen door to get upstairs, voices still filling the living room. Heart sinking, he retrieved his pillow from Sherlock’s side of the bed, lying down on his other side to avoid looking at the emptiness next to him. He closes his eyes, desperate to sleep and forget about today entirely, but all he can focus on are the hushed voices coming from downstairs. Minutes - that could be hours - passes before they become clearer, indicating Victor being on his way out.
, and for some unknown reason, there’s still the same smile on his lips.
“What is it?”
They remain this way for a long moment, their arousal growing between them but neither of them doing anything about it yet. John wonders if he should ask again, if he should make sure one last time that Sherlock is aware of what they’re about to do means, but a sharp, uncontrolled thrust of Sherlock’s hips against his own makes him realise there isn’t much he can do now to change his mind.
"She only ever needed her family," John points out, smiling again.
John licks his lips, fighting the urge to look toward Sherlock again. "He's watching?"
“Wait, you searched my room while I was still sleeping?”
"That's too short," John replies.
The next two chapters will be from Sherlock's POV!
nervous about in case
Their eyes meet. "No."
"But you-"
“Isn’t it like
“That guy keeps looking over here,” Lestrade grins, and Sherlock represses a sigh as he catches the DI staring at something- someone- above his right shoulder.
“No family reunion? A romantic dinner maybe?” John inquired and Sherlock crossed his hand on his laps, no trying to hide his smile.
Can you come by
“So what’s the plan?” John asked, his eyes following the suspect, sitting in one of the airport’s restaurants.
alright with you.
Sherlock kisses him harder, urging him with a roll of his hips to move, and John pulls out almost entirely before driving in again. They don't set a pace right away, pulling and thrusting and stopping when it's too much, and when John finally hits Sherlock's prostate, they both moan loudly. "Again, again," Sherlock pants, hands gripping his arse. John begins to thrust in earnest, having lost sense of time entirely. For all he knows, they could have been doing this from the very start, after the chase, after the Chinese, after the laughing. Just the two of them in this bed, becoming one.
Sherlock is already sitting in his chair when they arrive, his hair wet.
“Unless that was his plan all along,” Tom says, winking.
"Not here to stay, sorry," John replies, finishing his drink quickly.
She laughs harder and John can’t help but smile, too. Of course today would have gone entirely not as expected. For starters, they had woken up way too late, which explains why they had left without the rings, really. It’s not as if they hadn’t spent most of the night whispering about all that was going to happen today, or had “not married sex” as Sherlock called it one last time. And yet, it had been Mrs Hudson, worried they weren’t coming to get her, that had come to wake them up just two hours before the ceremony.
“How long do you plan on staying?” Sherlock asks, his tone tense and John realises he must have been wondering ever since he saw him on that cliff.
“Mrs Hudson is coming up.”
"This is insane," John breathes, once again stricken by just how much Sherlock had put himself in danger.
[Saved as draft]
a lot, ones that I never
“Our bed.”
. He kisses back with everything he can, his entire body shivering at the first touch of John’s tongue against this lower lips, but he barely has the time to register more that John is pulling away again.
“Sherlock?” He calls out once downstairs.
“Yes,” John breathes, “I promise.”
“I had a very good day,” John continues, sounding closer now. “And a very good evening too.”
Sherlock sighs, his breath warm against John’s mouth.
Mrs Hudson laughs, kissing her a few times before looking back at him, "You've come to see Sherlock, I suppose?"
Do you want to know what makes it even worse, he called him
John smiles down at him, something warm, very warm on his face, and Sherlock feels himself relax again. “Oh,” he grins, “So you’ve thought about this.”
In less than a second, John is being dragged behind a staff door. The music fades away once the door is closed, and for a long moment, only the sound of breathing echoes in the small room. John doesn't dare to look up at Sherlock's face, focusing on getting his breath back under control instead and his entire body shivers when the hand still around his arm squeezes.
"What?" Rosie smiles. "Already trying to get rid of me?"
He hasn’t said anything about our date either.
“I’m glad we did it,” John says, his tone much softer now. “It’s been too long since we last had a moment to ourselves.” Sherlock decides to keep to himself the exact amount of months, hours and minutes. “If you change your mind, don’t forget to put another log of wood in there before going to bed.”
He sits next to him, not having even removed his coat, and Sherlock leans back against his chair with a sigh, “What?” Lestrade hands him his phone, a wide grin on his lips. “Can’t you just tell me?”
“Stop,” he whispers to the empty chairs around the table.
to kiss you again.
Then, Lestrade comes running up the stairs, his laughter echoing all the way to the living room and making Sherlock wince in advance.
Love,
"Oh why?" Matthew asks, looking back at him. "Sherlock keeps mentioning you whenever he talks about all the cases he solved, and I've always wanted to meet the famous John Watson."
suicidal thoughts, don't read number 4
John looks down at his mug, swallowing with difficulty while trying to repress a smile, “He said so once, yes, I remember.”
“You were invalidated home a few weeks ago and you haven’t been out of your flat ever since. Someone you can’t say no to dragged you here but you don’t feel at ease. You’d rather still be serving your country, but the shot in your shoulder makes it impossible to go back.” The man is about to say something, but Sherlock cuts him off, not yet ready to face whatever his reaction will be. “Your skin is tanned but not above the wrist, you stand straight despite the cane and can’t glance at it without wincing. Therefore the army, somewhere warm, and sent home because of an injury.” The man is smiling now, and Sherlock tries his best not to stare. “As for your presence here, it’s obvious that you’re not used to attend such huge gathering, and so didn’t chose to come here on your own. You haven’t talked to anyone or even tried to engage a conversation, prior to this one, obviously.”
“Then let’s agree to tell the other as soon as we feel we’re slipping away again,” John replies, cuping Sherlock’s face with both hands. “Each time either of us feels that the other is doubting or closing up or just getting lost inside his own head.”
Good. SH
This- This John Watson who pretends that I can fucking exist without Sherlock Holmes! Who does he think he is?!
Sherlock raised his knee, planting his feet on the mattress and he felt John’s hands slide up and down his thighs, his mouth finally lowering onto Sherlock’s cock. The heat was almost too much and Sherlock arched his back, his cock sliding even deeper inside John’s marvelous mouth. John began to suck in earnest, one of hand circling Sherlock’s cock at the base, tightening his grip when Sherlock started to thrust lightly into his mouth. Sherlock tried to stop, breathing out slowly and concentrating on the ceiling above him, but every one of John’s movements was making him lose his mind.  He shut his eyes tightly, feeling his climax approaching rapidly. It was hard to decide if he wanted to come right that moment, John’s mouth working on him with devotion, or if he needed to feel John inside him as he came. He only had this night after all, and Sherlock had to know what it would be like to give himself to John entirely.
They fall silent, John still on the lookout for any signs that this is just one big joke or that he's going to wake up soon and forget about all this entirely. "Wait," he says with a sharp shake of his head. "Two months ago, Culverton, you two were already dating?"
He hears Mycroft snorts, "Make a move, really, Sherlock?"
. John's hands tighten into fists inside his pocket, words he had kept silent for too long threatening to spill out only for an empty hall to witness them.
"No," Sherlock replies, standing up and stopping in front of him, "It's fine."
She stares at him, eyes still full with sleep, before looking at Sherlock. John follows her stares, and finds Sherlock looking back.
XX32: You can’t be serious, Sherlock, you can’t just… Christ.
"I'll take Batman," John replies, taking out his debit card and paying quickly. "Can I change here?"
“Still sure you don’t want to come along?” He tried asking again. Somehow none of the shirts he found quite struck his fancy. “I think it could be fun or at least some proper Christmas food.”
Sherlock stayed silent for a moment, wondering how many times John had seduced strangers in airports before. He could feel John’s heartbeat, the sound low and reassuring as they remained silent for another minute. John’s hands were caressing his back, confusing Sherlock even more. “I should go shower.” Sherlock finally said, hating the way John tensed under him but it was better to cut things off right now. There was no need to spend the night in the arm of someone you would never see again.
"Is it?" Sherlock asks in a whisper. "Aren't you supposed to know and fight for it and never give up?"
John holds his breath, leaning closer.
“All discoveries are great.”
And here we go again, a little earlier than I said in the previous note. I'm still working on the next one, but I should be able to post it tomorrow!
John blinks quickly, waking up properly, “The case?”
"Yes," Sherlock replies, still dangerously close. "And you are distracting me."
“I’ll pass if you don’t mind,” John says immediately, the mere thought of watching Vicor flirt with Sherlock all evening making him sick.
Pauline.
With shaking hands, Sherlock slides them both up John’s back and to his nape, cradling his head softly, “I didn’t say a single word during the hours that followed and you didn’t mind. You made dinner, offered me some and didn’t say anything when I refused. You simply sat at the kitchen table, reading a paper and then joined me in your own chair. You reported some of the news for me, murders and disappearances that could pique my interest. You were right in front of me, our feet almost touching, and it would have been so easy to simply stand up and crawl onto you. Make our bodies into one, and remain there infinitely.”
“I love you,” he whispers against Sherlock’s lips.
“Oh,” Sherlock cuts in. “Right.”
“Oh, I forgot cooking,” he says. “We are definitely going to use that time to start cooking proper meals.”
John kissed me.
"You're many things, John," Sherlock replies, eyes locked with his. "But you've never been a jerk."
Sherlock looked up from the desk he was working on. The soldier felt the cutting gaze back on himself and John sensed small shivers running through his body It was like being turned inside out. John held back his breath during the few seconds of silence before the deep voice spilled nearly all his secrets.
Sherlock’s reaction is immediate, moaning loudly as he throws his head back, and John can only stare down in wonder at him. He rolls his hips once more, feeling thrills of pleasure running down his spine, and the hand on his back now holding tightly to his shirt. Any doubts of being able to come with just some frottage fades away quickly, each and every moan and shiver from Sherlock making him harder.
John shifts closer, taking him by surprise, and places their still laced fingers against his heart. Sherlock can feel it pounding and he stares down at John's chest. "That's the reason why now," John declares, so very close. "There's no more hiding now."
XX32: I had a good time today, and I’m happy I managed to help you solve the case.
Still not feeling sick yourself? Manage to make it through?
I’m sorry about the phone
in reply to @wssholmes
“I’ll let you settle in,” Sherlock says behind him, having remained in the hallway the entire time.
I'm so late on all the comment, sorry, but I read each and every one of them, and they always make me smile. Thank you so much for following this story with me <3
texting me from the
“Don’t ‘Sherlock’ me, John!”
"We didn't exactly talk about it," Sherlock points out.
“I knew, that very first day. I knew.”
Sherlock breathes him in, all of him. "I love you." He feels John's entire body shudder against his. "I can't say when or how it happened, but I've been in love with you for so long I can't remember not feeling this way."
“Obviously,” Sherlock breathes, already too focused on John’s lips to care about anything else.
XX67: (
“I don’t know,” he says. “Long.”
“You should know by now, I am very easily impressed when it comes to you,” John replies.
No, you're not dreaming, i'm actually updating this fic finally!
“This isn’t a bad idea,” Sherlock says. “It’s actually a brilliant one.”
Sherlock couldn't explain how much John’s teasing words were affecting him. He never had a lover who talked that much in bed before, Sherlock being mostly quiet during sex too but John’s voice was making him writhe, waves of heat washing through him. He pushed his knee apart a bit wider as John’s mouth closed around the head of his cock, his mouth hanging open in a silent scream. He felt John’s tongue swirling around it, once again keeping up with the teasing.
Jason Marks had appeared on the Yard’s file for the first time five years ago. He had been taken in for questioning concerning the murder of a young girl but the Yard had released him the very same day. Sherlock had looked at the case for an entire afternoon, trying to understand how this girl died but found absolutely nothing against this said Jason Marks. Then the same name had shown up again in five other unsolved cases, and every time the lack of evidence allowed Jason Marks to walk free. Sherlock had then occupied all of his free time looking over every cases concerning Jason Marks and after months of research, he had found the first trace of the Organization.
“If it makes it any easier,” John says carefully, “I’ve known since I read your letter what to reply.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock says, going to sit down.
“Then let’s not make any promises.” John is smiling when Sherlock’s eyes flutter open again. “Let’s decide that we’re going to do our best, that yes, we’re going to be scared at first but that we’re trying to work on it and maybe even learn to hold on to that fear. Let’s decide that we’re going to grow old in the same home, in the same bed, and still lie there fully clothed when it’s too hard to keep it all inside again.”
“It appears so,” Sherlock smiles.
"But you still haven't forgiven me," Sherlock says, matter-of-factly.
John's breath catches, and he only has the time to notice the flush on Sherlock's cheeks before he’s hiding his face from him. Lestrade, oblivious to it all, continues, "He apparently prefers when his victims die pure and innocent. Completely deranged, if you ask me."
. John’s laughter dies off, his grip tightening around Sherlock’s wrist. “Yes,” he finally breathes out, the words almost too quiet.
on, Sherlock.
He takes out his phone, sending her a quick text to tell him he’s staying at Sherlock’s for an undetermined amount of time, and places the phone on his bed, knowing it won’t take long for her to call. He heads for the bathroom, placing his lotions and toothbrush in the tub and on the sink, taking the time to look at all the bottles already there, trying to learn more about Sherlock’s new life in the details of his house.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but there's something soft and trusting on his face that makes John's heart miss a beat.
“I never asked,” he continues, desperate not to let silence settle between them,  “but how did you find it in the first place?”
John unpacks Rosie’s last boxes of toys and lets out a contented sigh. Finally, it’s done. No more rides back to that dreadful flat, no more leaving Baker Street to sleep in an empty bed. No. Now there’s only one double bed he ever wants to sleep in and, lucky him, it’s just downstairs. Moving back had been strangely easy after all. Sherlock had kept insisting with quiet looks and lingering kisses each time they’d said goodbye, and eventually, John had realised he could learn how to be with Sherlock
it at one kiss is because
"Yes," Sherlock breathes, almost too quietly.
Sherlock is looking sharply at him again, “You do realise we won’t be saying goodbye.”
“Christmas parties, not really my thing.” Sherlock answered and scrunched up his nose a bit while he went along to the lift with John.
I’m really glad you
about you, John.
John frowns at him, “Just good?”
“We could even start an experiment together,” John suggests.
Specialized in selling governmental files and secret information, the Organization had men all over the word. Jason Marks was one of them. Sherlock even suspected he was part of the higher ranks. Which is why it had taken another three months for Sherlock to find him and then weeks to conceptualise the perfect plan to dismantle the secret organization. He hadn’t mentioned anything to Lestrade or even Mycroft (who must have known from the beginning anyway, insufferable as he was) and booked a ticket for Paris two months ago, planning a trip to the last place where Jason Marks had been seen. Ever since, Sherlock had been chasing him through all of Europe, trying to keep Mycroft out of his investigation.
In the end it was ridiculously easy. A soft smile here, a compliment there, some deliberate show of the strength hiding beneath his clothes and John had her eating out of his hand. He had already decided to leave her a big tip, just so his mind could rest a bit easier. Normally she would have been his type entirely but now there was a young, enigmatic, dark haired student waiting and John really wanted to see how far he would get. So with one more dazzling smile he paid for the drink and thanked her. Now he only had to wait inconspicuously for Sherlock’s plan to unfold.
“Promise me you’re going to try and make it work,” Rosie pleads. “You two deserve to be happy.”
“Honestly?” He whispers.
02:02 The blog of Dr. John. H. Watson. http://www.johnwatsonblog.co.uk
Sherlock's lips curls into a small smile, "Simply pointing the obvious, that's all."
“I know,” John replies, seeking another kiss, and Sherlock obliges him quickly.
“I’m John,” the man says, not at all what Sherlock was expecting after all
“That… I mean, yes, I’d like that.”
“Victor,” he only says, standing up, and to John’s horror, accepting the hug Victor embraces him in.
"Is that so?"
Next chapter will be special, so don't go too far!
Sherlock doesn’t reply, simply smiling back at him and sitting next to Quentin. The cab ride is strangely silent, Quentin biting nervously at his fingers, Sherlock engrossed as always on his phone, and so John keeps to himself too. He wonders what exactly Sherlock managed to see in that flat that he didn’t, or was it only in Timothy’s bedroom? He’s used, by now, to all of Sherlock’s tricks, and yet he finds himself waiting impatiently for the big finale.
"You should have told me," Sherlock whispers.
I think Angelo nearly
John raised a questioning eyebrow, and Sherlock shrugs, "Silence of the Lambs, a serial killer that removes his victim's skin."
This is important, Sherlock. It took me months to let it sink in, months where I should have been enjoying the little moments with John, but instead I spent them worrying about
Starting to realise there wasn't much he could still listen to without letting the growing jealousy inside him explode, John gets to his feet and walks to the kitchen. He pours himself a glass of water, drinking quickly while trying to calm himself. He can hear the two of them whispering from here, the words too quiet and the intimacy too natural. He glances over to the chairs, witnessing another kiss that make his stomach turn. "Fuck," he curses silently, considering leaving now and finding something to punch.
“I am sure glad you all came to celebrate with me, even if I piss most of you off at the Yard.”
I have to tell him, haven’t I?
Mrs Hudson stares at him for a long moment before giving in and letting him pass, "I'll keep Rosie with me downstairs," she declares, already walking towards 221A. "It'll be easier for all of us."
“Where are we going?”
“Stamford?” Lestrade asks, but Sherlock is already getting to his feet and grabbing his coat.
“Sherlock,” John breathes, stopping there and Sherlock hates him just a little for it.
“Yes”, Sherlock nodded and shifted a bit on his chair.
Sherlock doesn’t have time to reply, the woman coming back with their main meal, but John doesn’t need him too. He can see it on his face, clear as day. All that there is left to tell each other and all that there is yet discover about each other. John finds that he cannot wait to embark on the journey.
Love,
“You’ll see,” Sherlock smiles, starting the engine and driving onto the road.
John nods slowly, "I see. And what is she thinking exactly?"
Pauline.
No, I’m not. I just- It’s just a lot, alright.
“I’m sorry, I-” John begins, eyes roaming all over his face, and Sherlock pulls him closer, shaking his head.
“We’ll ask Lestrade to keep us in touch if anything new and puzzling happens.”
“Yeah?”
With love,
Sherlock remains still for a minute before burying his face back into John's neck, the words he speaks almost too quiet, "Are you still mad at me for her death?"
to sleep now. I’ll
“I did not flirt.”
"I know," John replies, taking Sherlock by surprise as he presses his lips to his forehead slowly. "But I'm glad I had those years with you. I'm glad Rosie got to grow up surrounded with love. I'm glad I got to go to bed every night knowing you were safe."
“Victor tried to kiss me.”
“Feeling better?”
Twenty-three days past and gone since he swore to himself he would find a way to kiss John before the month was over. He had had countless opportunities, each of them ending in complete failure for the same reason over and over again. Who would have thought courage came in such different forms?
So really, tonight is only taking the next step, the one Sherlock has been dreaming about for years and even more so in the past few weeks. He knows John is just as eager and nervous, and that he’s probably thinking about it right now too, and it makes his own anticipation build up.
“John, I-” Sherlock begins, too afraid of what could happen now that they’re
“Hello. Who are you exactly?”
Sherlock smiles, a bright, open smile, "Do you know you're doing that out loud?"
His own erection now achingly hard, John rocks against the mattress, desperate for relief. He stops when he catches Sherlock’s worried eyes, smiling up at him, "You're so breathtaking. I want you so bloody much."
“What?”
(Can you imagine what our life might have been like if we had? Would it have been exactly as the one those others John and Sherlock lived? I like to think it wouldn't have been, that we will have lived our own personal adventures.)
“Quentin?”
John pressed his hand against the inside of Sherlock’s leg, pushing it up slightly as he crawled back between his thighs. “You really are a feast for the eyes.” John rumbled, his hips circling against Sherlock’s and he had to bite back a shout himself, when their cocks rubbed together. It was nothing though against the sight of Sherlock throwing his head back, baring his throat. John latched onto the skin, bruising it just sparingly.
Am I supposed to know the reason why he’s writing to me just because we are the same person? Is it how it work then? We share some kind of connection, and I'm supposed to understand everything he implies just because he's
“The case, hurry up.”
“Sherlock, there’s so much we- Christ.” John glances at him. Sherlock holds his stare for as long as he dares to. “You have to understand, have to know that I- There hasn’t been a single second where I didn’t want this.”
John nods sharply. Sherlock doesn't look away, and for a second John is certain he has stopped blinking. His voice is strangely soft when it breaks the silence, "I thought about telling you but it seemed that picking up the phone was too difficult. I opened a new message a dozen times the first day Horsen moved in. I was suddenly living with someone again, a murderer yes, but most of all, someone that wasn't you. He was sitting in your chair, and drinking out of your mug, and I couldn't take it."
“Found something interesting?” John hummed after a moment, clearly fighting back the urge to turn around while he was browsing the menu.
He manages to find Stamford in the third empty classroom he opens the door to, “I need John’s number,” he announces immediately, and Stamford frowns at him.
John rubs his face slowly, sighing. He knows better but to complain about the time.
He waits until Sherlock is inside the room next door before turning to face Rosie again. "What?" she asks immediately, sounding way too innocent.
“Thank you,” John replies, waiting until he’s gone upstairs before heading out.
“Oh,” John yawns. “The case.”
"We would stroke ourselves, watching the other, but it wouldn't be enough," John continues, panting. "I'd be the one to remove my pants first, then you, but you'd be the first to reach for me, closing your hand around me and stroking so very slowly. I'm afraid, as all fantasy, it gets blurry after that, but there'd be kissing and stroking and panting, and you coming in my hand, crying out my name."
It takes a few minutes more for Sherlock to speak again. John waits patiently with some more kissing, smiling when he feels Sherlock relax in his arms again.
John licks his lips slowly, “Can I ask which areas you’re talking about?”
"Don't be an idiot," Sherlock says, yawning. "It doesn't suit you."
“Oh god, Sherlock,” John moans, hips thrusting against Sherlock’s in their own volition.
10:19 The Theory of Parallel Universes - dummies www.dummies.com
“What?”
"Yes," John smiles. "And we have all the time in the world to figure out how to be together."
Just got an interesting case, do you want in?
It takes a second to realise he’s now holding on to John’s jacket, or that he’s the one moaning quietly into the kiss, but John doesn’t seem to mind. He’s playing with his lower lip, trapped between his own, and Sherlock shivers at the first contact of his tongue. He exhales loudly through his nose, finding the courage to kiss back despite his lack of experience in the matter, and this time, John is the one to moan as he slides one hand around Sherlock’s neck. This is insane, absolutely mad, but Sherlock can’t stop chasing back John’s lips every time they break apart for air, and soon he finds himself being pushed back against the wall. He silently thanks Lestrade for having chosen a table in the back of the bar, and lets John part his lips so very slowly with his tongue.
Sherlock remained silent for a second, studying every feature of John’s face but everything about him screamed total honesty. “That’s not what people tend to say.”
"You realise it's all fine," John says, suddenly afraid. "It's perfectly all right to have had doubts."
). Just, please, call or text or something when you get this message? I’ll just be… waiting. Ok. Right. Bye.
John leans in and kisses him as soon as he’s finished, sobs echoing in the room.
John considers a third drink, but already blaming the first two for what he already dared to say, he decides against it. He looks back up to find Sherlock staring at their feet, his own glass forgotten on the table next to him.
"I wasn't thinking straight. I'm sorry," John murmurs, matching his tone. "You clearly seem to be hap-"
“Two in one day,” John laughs. “Lucky me.”
Sherlock nods, slowly, eyes not leaving John’s. “Yes.”
Strangely, it almost
"I'm afraid I don't know what you-"
He can feel the exact moment Sherlock does find sleep, barely minutes later. John fights for a moment more, desperate to properly engrave all of just happened, all of that is still happening. He loses the battle in the middle of remembering Sherlock’s smiles, surrendering with the certainty of having won it all anyway.
Yes, ok, that’s… just fine.
“Rooms?” Quentin asks.
“I’m coming,” John says quickly, offering Sherlock his most reassuring smile. Sherlock nods, and John’s eyes fall to his hand, open in an inviting gesture that could either be ignored or accepted. “Lead the way,” he smiles, lacing his fingers back with Sherlock’s and not saying another word as they climb the few steps to the flat. If John had been expecting anything about the place someone like Sherlock would live, he can say without doubt that it wasn’t this.
Sherlock nods.
John takes a instant to breathe the moment in, all the promise this second holds and everything that could happen with the word he whispers next, "You."
XX67: I know, John. I’ve read your letters a dozen times already, and I’m probably going to need a dozen more to actually believe what I’m reading it’s happening. That you wrote those words.
I could use some food, yes.
XX32: I’ll see you then. Bye.
“What do you want, love?”
It’s written all over John’s face, in each wrinkles around his eyes, in each smiles directed only at him, in each lingering brush of their hands. John Watson is going to kiss him, and Sherlock’s entire body is shivering with anticipation. He knows John is going to wait for Rosie to be in her room, unlikely to come out again, and then, he might even wait just a little longer just to be sure. But it’s alright, more than alright, because Sherlock has been waiting for this moment a very long time, and really, what are a few more minutes?
Sherlock frowns at him, concerned for a instant. He leans closer, almost close enough for a kiss, John’s mind supplies.
“I told you, you won’t need to lie. You won’t need to do anything. They’re already convinced. Mummy will see what she wants to see, and my dad is probably going to spend the entire time focused on Rosie only. They are old and most of all, they are my parents, so they like to imagine their son is happy with a partner and a child. We just have to let them see whatever they want to see, that’s all.”
“Sherlock, love, are you in there?”
“Yes. If that’s- Yes.”
Sherlock stares, and stares some more at John’s last text, and after another second, he allows himself to start panicking.
“Sure, not a problem, we’ll find something else.”
"I don't know," John shrugs, hoping he's not making a fool of himself. "You seem a bit... distant lately."
“You do know you can tell me anything, right?” John replies, wondering how long it will take them to stop being so careful around each other.
There is my reality, yours, and two more.
"Do you have some too?" He asks, breathing hard. "Fantasies?" Sherlock nods sharply. "Could you tell me one?"
XX67: Yes. Having all the time in the world doesn’t matter if we’re not spending it together. Day and night.
"No," John cuts him off, another brush of his finger, this time against his cheek forcing Sherlock to open his eyes. "I don't want to hear any of this," John continues, and Sherlock closes one hand around his. "There's so much more I want to tell you."
Sherlock nods slowly, eyes roaming all over his face, and John leans in for a quiet brush of lips.
“Now, let’s go back inside and see about that date, shall we?”
I reread it more time than I can count. I know every word by heart, and some even followed me into my dreams. You touched me, John, just like in your letter. You touched and kissed and held me, and I woke up missing you even more. If this is not my subconscious letting me know I’m ready, then I don’t know what to think. Have I been ready for months, years? All those mornings I woke up wishing you were in bed, my body aching for yours, were they signs of what my body already craves?
He clears his throat, pulling away, “Very efficient,” he manages to reply.
“Daddy?”
John releases a quiet breath, squeezing and letting himself find comfort in the warmth of Sherlock's hand. He can't start to panic now, not now that Sherlock has confessed that he loves him too, not now that it's all within their reach.
Sherlock stood up and went to sit somewhere else. He needed to concentrate, the numerous Christmas songs and decoration in the airport were testing his self control for hours now. If he wasn’t able to embark his own flight, then his suspect wouldn’t either. And Sherlock really had to find a way to keep an eye on him. He didn’t spend the last two months running around Europe, chasing the shadow of an organization, only to give up now. He was too close to catch the man, expose him and finally prove to everyone what he could do.
“That’s just for show, John,” Sherlock sighs. “We solve case, surely the police is not going to punish him for doing his job. Unless, of course, they’re even stupider than I first thought. Which is highly probable now that I think of it.”
“I didn’t even think about it,” Sherlock replies. “Sex.”
He purposely doesn’t allow himself to think of the way he woke up - or all the others ways he could have woke up this morning, and by the time he arrives at work, John is fully prepared to spend this day not thinking about Sherlock lying in his bed. That’s it, of course, until lunch time comes around and with it, Tom.
"John," Sherlock pants when they part for air, remaining so very close. John kisses his way from his jaw to his ear, daring to lick the skin there. "John," Sherlock moans again, seeking his lips again for another burning kiss.
. John is going to do this right. He’s going to take his time, four whole days, far from home and from all that could distract them. Here, where Sherlock grew up, he’s going to make this brilliant man
“What do you think of him?”
XX32: Sherlock.
“No more questions,” Sherlock replies, chasing his mouth.
“Yes.”
The outside air makes him shiver, the few people there either smoking or laughing too loudly, but John ignores them. He lets Sherlock and Matthew walk away before starting to follow. He takes out his phone, pretending to talk to someone. Matthew's arm around Sherlock's waist is all he can see, the fingers splayed across Sherlock's hip and he has to take a deep breath to regain some composure. He has no idea where Sherlock is leading him, or what this Matthew is capable of. Sherlock wouldn't have pretended to date him for seven months if it wasn't a serious case, and therefore a dangerous killer.
“Hello sweetheart,” John says, going to kiss Rosie softly on the head. “Hello love.”
He's not sure how long he stands still as his ringtone fills the air, but when his brain catches up on the fact, his phone has stopped. He takes it out quickly, fearing for the briefest of seconds that John might be in trouble, but he's surprised to read Mycroft's name on the screen. His hesitation lasts barely a second before he's calling him back, focusing back on his breathing as he waits for his brother to answer.
whatever you want with it.
The blush on Sherlock’s cheeks makes something ache inside John’s chest. He wonders if he’d be able to make Sherlock blush this way so easily all the time, and how he never noticed before.
“You’re awake.”
"Yeah, sorry," John breathes out slowly, taking a step backward and letting one officer handle Horsen. He doesn't wait a moment longer, not giving Horsen the luxury of another glance and walking to the car where Sherlock seems engrossed on his phone. He slams the door behind him, leaning back against the backseat and breathing out deeply. He turns to Sherlock, "Are you alright?"
Sherlock.
John turns back around on his seat, reaching for her bee toy and putting it back against her chest in a vain hope of calming her down.
After all, he was in an airport. He only needed to look up to find the answer to all his problems.
“I did not ru-”
John finds himself laughing into the next kiss, pleasure building with every thrust, and soon he can feel Sherlock starting to shake under him. He makes sure to keep them as close as possible, rocking faster, harder, and losing himself in the middle. Sherlock’s orgasm takes them both by surprise, and he can only stare down at Sherlock’s face lost in pleasure as he cries out his name.
Sherlock nods, unable to trust his voice to say anything.
John,
"Oh," Sherlock breathes, blushing even more.
thought about during all those years too. I want you to feel comfortable telling me. I want to share it all with you, absolutely everything. So this letter is about opening up to you and letting you know some more of my deepest secrets.
“I’m going to say hello. If you want anything, please, take.”
“What is it?” John whispers, a frown on his face now.
“Good, that’s… very good.”
Sherlock nods, too focused on watching John stand up and walk to the bathroom to reply anything at all. He waits until he hears the door closing before letting out a deep sigh and closing his eyes. He’s still stroking the journal, trying to find that warm feeling that had overwhelmed him when he had opened his gift, remembering with a trembling precision the smile that had lit John’s face then. Of course, he had himself spent hours trying to find the perfect gift for John, and he had little doubt the set of authentic books John liked so much would be a bad idea, but still. He hadn’t expected to feel this incandescently happy opening a present, and the fact that it came from John had, in the end, everything to do with it.
“We both know hiding something in plain sight is quite smart, John.”
“I can be convinced.”
John frowns.
And this leads me to talking about the drugs, and the fact that I’ve never enjoyed them, which is quite paradoxical, I know. Every drug addict will tell you about the rush, the sentiment of immortality or the sudden high of confidence. All of them will assure you that drugs make everything possible or easier or simply more bearable. But drugs never meant any of this for me. They were merely a way of keeping myself busy and that’s it. I was only looking for a way to remain out of my own head, just for a little while, to be free of all thoughts and questions and deductions I couldn’t control. I was seeing everything, all the time, and I only wished for it all to stop. And strangely enough, drugs did it. After every hit, I was blessed with a few minutes where my brain went offline, deliciously silent and I could just rest. Even if right after my mind was sharper than before, those few minutes were worth it. And I know it doesn’t make any sense, and writing it all down makes it even less understandable, but I’ve tried and tried to figure out why I needed such peace when deductions were always so… important to me. Even if I have little control over what I see and read on everyone, even if I take pleasure in sharp deductions and solving mysteries, sometimes, I miss the silence. I… I still had some. Drugs I mean, in the flat when I met you. Just in case. I got rid of it right after Lestrade’s fake drug bust, right after I saw how you reacted. I was already afraid you’d leave.
“When did you know for real?”
John’s smile drops immediately, watching Sherlock standing up to meet him at the door.
He opens the door, following Violet’s voice and finding her and Rosie in the living room.
John licks his lips slowly, closing his eyes, "Have you thought about this before?"
“Boys!”
(020) XXXX XX67
“When was the first time you thought about this?” Sherlock asks after another beat of silence.
“That” Sherlock cries out, hands flying to John’s arse and adding more pressure to their cocks. “I want that.”
John sighs happily, earning an eyes roll from Sherlock he chooses to ignore entirely. It doesn’t take long to arrive at the client’s flat. The moment Sherlock steps out of the cab, John notices the almost imperceptible change in his attitude and posture. The chase has began.
“I’m not.”
XX67: I will write a reply, tell you ab-
John frowns, "What is it?"
John’s eyes flutter close, inhaling sharply.
"No, nothing, sorry," John apologizes quickly, cursing himself silently as he closes his eyes for the rest of the ride.
And really, remaining sitting there, sulking, isn’t going to improve the situation in the slightest. He’s not even sure how long he has stared at the union jack pillow, but when he finally snaps out of it, night has long since fallen. He glances at the clock, two hours and thirteen minutes since John left for his date. Sherlock sighs, one hand coming to ruffle his hair. If the date had gone bad, John would have come back already, probably in a bad mood but nothing good tea couldn’t have fixed. But no, John is still out there, and really, there are things Sherlock wishes he could not deduce after all. He closes his eyes, sighing a bit louder. It was rare for a first date to go this well lately, John always coming back either truly hoping for a second one, or resigned and ready to move on. Sherlock, obviously, rather preferred the second option, but he knows perfectly well that someday the first date will turn into a second, a third and then much more.
“I mean, you could say I am, in some areas, but I’ve engaged in sexual intercourse before.”
“That’s how I imagined it,” Sherlock replies, staring down at him. “The first time.”
"I know what you're doing," John says, walking out with Rosie following close.
John laughs again at the memory, “It took my ages to fall asleep.”
“John,” he pants against his lips. “John, I-”
“Don’t ask me,” John replies, folding his letter and placing it back inside the envelope. His hands are shaking slightly, and he forces himself to focus on his breathing before looking back up Sherlock. “I’ve read your letter.”
“And?”
He watches as Sherlock tries to regain some composure, lips swollen and cheeks flushed, "As much as I can be."
John takes a deep breath, “I think he likes you.”
(020) XXXX XX67
"What?" John frowns.
Sherlock shudders against him, kissing him one, two, three times more before pushing the rest of the cover away from their naked bodies. Begins then a very serious exploration of his body, lasting for what could be hours, interspersed by Sherlock’s observation of each of his nipple, his shoulder injury or the curve of his hips. Waves and waves of arousal washing over him, John starts to feel his cock harden again the instant Sherlock decide to use his mouth too, kissing various parts of him.
“You didn’t want to reply at first?” John asks, looking up at him.
When he dried himself off, he took a longer look into the mirror. He was quite fit, no need for him to hide in that respect. Still, he had no idea if Sherlock found him attractive, the man being impossible to read, so he couldn’t build too much on it. With a sigh he pulled on the pair of jeans and left the bathroom having righted his hair just with a quick swipe of his hand.
Governmental Laboratory,
John’s day begins just like every other day.
to leave.
“Will you come back tomorrow?”
“John,” Sherlock breathes, desperately trying to find the words to make him stay.
"That's the thing you had to do," Arnold says, and John catches him nodding toward Sherlock. "Ex-boyfriend?"
“It’s a date then.”
It was only a matter of days, hours even now.
We both pull away for air, and I keep my eyes closed, letting the moment linger just a bit more. John smiles, and I marvel at sensation of feeling the stretch of his lips against mine,
Sherlock nods, not saying anything, and John just holds him close.
He watches as Sherlock's teeth begin to worry at his lower lip, "I haven't noticed I was."
“Don’t want to move.”
“Sherlock.”
XX67: No, I want to. I trust you.
How am I the one taking this picture? Did John convince me?
“No,” Sherlock cuts him off, rolling his eyes. “Lestrade probably wishes I did, but most of the time, rules are boring.”
Who else am I gonna talk about this with anyway? This is insane, beyond insane, and yet there is too much evidences that I just can’t ignore. So I’m going to believe this other John, and all he’s saying, and continue to read the letters he will surely send while trying not to overthink any of it.
10:31
“How?” He asked again, his eyes fixed on Sherlock, and the need to impress this man took Sherlock by surprise.
John stands up, hiding his hands behind his back, “We’re not.” He focuses on his breathing, in and out, slow. “I’m going to go get what we need to eat.”
Sherlock moves away abruptly, the lost of contact making John cries out. They’re both breathing heavily, red cheeks and swollen lips. John has never felt more alive.
“Can’t say I’m not glad you were,” John says, almost grinning now, and Sherlock doesn’t dare look away.
Sherlock shakes his head. They’re both smiling now.
09:35
“You wanted to know why I’m here, right?” John asks, and Sherlock can only nod, the words stuck in his throat. “I want to do things right this time,” John says, his smile growing wider. “Because you’re right, I’ve been afraid for too long, and it can’t go on any longer. I came here because that’s what I’ve wanted to do since you retired, and I don’t plan on going anywhere if you agree to let me stay.”
"I'm so sorry," Mrs Hudson continues. "I thought about calling to tell you."
As for the journal's colors,
“God, Yes.”
"Now, what was that about slow being boring?"
“Did you contact the police?”
Another wave of arousal washes through John, “What do you want?”
Ghosts of Sherlock’s melodies follow them all through their evening routines and all the way up to John’s bedroom. They don’t bother with turning the lights on at all this time, slipping under the covers without exchanging a word. If the sudden closeness is new, neither of them comment on it. John, already drifting out, wishes he could breathe Sherlock in again, just one deep breath.
"John, I know for a fact my parents are very happy to see you," Sherlock suddenly says, sounding a bit more nervous and John can't help but frown at him.
“Hey, I meant what I said earlier, stop worrying about it all. We have all the time in the world.”
we got to talk today.
“I… Yes.”
Sherlock looks around them, as if he was discovering his flat for the first time, “Is it?”
“I should have kissed you,” John whispers, and Sherlock can’t help the small whimper that breaches his lips. “Before doing anything else, before pretending I wasn’t going out of my skin just touching you. For god’s sake, I even bloody joked about it afterward.” He sighs, head dropping. “I should have kissed you.”
“Yes,” John nods, but keeps to himself that it’s probably because every piece of furniture or sheet of paper on the floor somehow reminds him of Sherlock himself. “I like it.”
Based on the inclination of the O, R and L, the writer is male.
John knows he’s only looking to buy more time, but when Sherlock nods, he can’t help but feel relieved. He takes his own letter and goes to sit in his chair, waiting for Sherlock to sit down too before opening it. He listens as Sherlock does the same, and breathes in deeply before letting his eyes fall on the single line written on the page. He doesn’t try to hold back a warm laugh, all the tension leaving his body, and he looks up to find Sherlock’s questioning eyes on him.
continue our
Mrs Hudson glances at the stairs behind her, sighing, "He's been really busy lately, dear. Working case after case, I've barely seen him myself you know."
He closes the few steps still separating them and stops in front of John, his own throat suddenly dry. “You’re early,” he finds himself replying for some unknown reason.
Afternoon drags out so very slowly. With his head filled with their conversation, John can’t seem to stop glancing at the clock, wondering whether Sherlock is currently looking for a new mattress, maybe even replacing his old one while John is silently cursing against time. It would be logical, absolutely logical for him to do so. After all, John is the one who said they took care of it today. Idiot as he is.
John looks back up at him, smiling again. “You certainly didn’t let it show. I was certain you were going to tell me to bugger off.”
Sherlock Watson-Holmes,
“Once he told me about the time you two had to drive all the way to a small town in Wales because all the children kept disappearing,” Thomas continues, eyes wide. “There were almost no more children at all when you arrived and it took you barely a day to find them again!”
John ignores his heart sinking down his chest.
combusted with joy when
John bursts out laughing, "I should avoid your penis, then."
“Passengers aren’t supposed to be here. I’m simply following the rules of any airport, just as you should.” the voice was calm and authoritative. It was obvious that it was used to giving and receiving orders. If the army fatigues, which Sherlock could catch a glimpse of from the corners of his eyes, hadn’t given away the man’s military profession, his voice would have erased any doubts about this particular deduction.
It mostly happens at night. John wakes up panting, mouth open in a silent scream and his fingers grasping the sheets. His lungs are on fire for what seem an eternity as he forces himself to take back control over his pounding heart and spinning head. He can’t wake Sherlock. It can take up to fifteen minutes before he can breathe again, and then the bribes of his nightmare come back to him. The lost, the despair, the fear. He closes his eyes and forces away the image of Sherlock dying in his arms over and over again. John cries, silent tears running down his cheeks and an ache spreading throughout his entire body. He can’t wake Sherlock.
He attached a picture to the letter and I’ve never seen you so relaxed, Sherlock. In this picture, you’re asleep in a bed that’s ours, theirs, and you look so trusting but vulnerable at the same time.
“Time for a speech it seems!”
“Can I see your badge then,” the woman asked, relaxing a bit at Sherlock’s explications.
I meant what I said, we
I have to, haven’t I.
“Yes, all you did was talk about asking her out, forcing me to listen.”
Almost.
"Doesn't it now?" John smiles, closing his eyes and shifting closer to Sherlock's warmth.
It almost doesn’t surprise him to find Sherlock barely twenty minutes into his walk. He’s sitting on a bench, staring at the quiet sea, his back turned to the world he tried to understand so many times and for a second John is afraid to even disturb his peace. He recognizes him immediately of course, despite the gray hair and lack of suit, and he wonders for a moment what he’s thinking about. He realises he has stopped breathing entirely, and inhales deeply as he sets his suitcase down on the ground again. He takes a first step forward, noticing the dog jumping around and vaguely remembering Rosie talking about it.
"I never did," John replies, pushing away the first tremor of guilt and anger. "You never let me." Sherlock rolls his head to the side, eyeing him silently. John takes it as its cue to continue. "I couldn't simply show up at Baker Street and pretend we were alright. No matter what you said, or what I did for that matter. No matter if we're both just human."
Sherlock only had the time to hear the door closing before he was pushed against it with force, John’s body pressing against his and their mouths crashing together abruptly. Sherlock moaned, the sound low in his throat and he felt John’s hands cupping his face, tilting his head so he could depend the kiss. There was no time for tender brush of lips and quiet discovery of each other mouth, and really, Sherlock should have known John was a man of action. He circled John’s waist with his arms bringing their bodies even closer as he parted his lips. He let John’s tongue invaded his mouth, the other man’s taste strong and making Sherlock want more and more.
"I'm off to take a shower," Matthew announces with a sigh, getting up. "It was nice to meet you, John."
“I thought a nice dinner was due, don’t you think?”
10:24
Sherlock licks his lips, nodding without even thinking of saying it back, but John is already walking away, the sounds of his footsteps on the stairs echoing in the now silent living room for a long moment. “Goodnight, John,” he breathes, a heavy weight in his chest.
“The menu for tonight is right over here,” the woman says, pointing to a board on the wall. “Would you care for something to drink?”
“Maybe,” John whispers, seeking another kiss.
They both get to their feet as they hear Rosie climbing up the stairs, and the moment she appears in the doorway, John realises he's been way too long since he last saw her. "I've been calling you," she says, not really complaining.
“If you’ll excuse me for a second.” The woman asked as she reached for her phone desk again.
Sherlock shakes his head, “No.”
Short version: there are four different universes where we, you and I, exist.
"Remember, Montgomery will be here soon," John calls one last time before taking his plate and glass inside, leaving them in the sink as he heads for a well deserved shower.
It takes only a second for John to stop himself from laughing, "Their granddaughter?"
“Alright dear.”
Good. Let me know when
“That’s a long time.”
I’m going to continue writing these letters, and each time, I’m going to reveal just a bit about my world. I’m hoping it will help you learn more about yourself.
“I did,” Sherlock replies, keeping his voice as controlled as he possibly can. “I do.”
XX67: Can it be now? I want it now.
“Are you kidding, I bet that this John must be reading every reply to his tweet hoping one of them is from you!”
"Can I get you anything to drink, John?" Matthew asks, but getting no answer. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock does it again and again, John’s laughter filling the room.
“No. He would have told me. I know him, he’s my best friend. He would have told me.”
“Who was it then?”
Yes. I thought so.
“She insisted,” Sherlock says, having joined them.
: #4536-8732B
Sherlock looks down at his hands, fingers clenched in the hem of his shirt, “Of course you can stay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I just need to get used to it,” Sherlock says, still panting. “I don’t want to stop.”
“Even better,” he says. “That means there’ll be a good morning kiss too.”
But it doesn’t mean I
Sherlock nods, getting to his feet.
“Hi,” he calls before clearing his throat, and Sherlock realises he can’t just remain frozen there.
But we both know any particular event in our life can’t be received as evidence, anyone could have somehow found out any of our secrets one way or another. So I’m not going to dig into our childhood and the days we spent hidden in the attic reading about pirates and adventures, or talk about the night we tried to run away only to come back home two hours later without anyone noticing.
“Let me guess, you’re looking for a room?”
"No," John replies, shaking his head. "I fell in love with you when you spent days on that sofa, not talking. That's part of your charm, really."
“Alright?” John finally asks, pulling away just enough to look at him. Sherlock nods, unable to speak. “You’re tensing up.”
"Ok?" he asks, overwhelmed by the bare wonder on Sherlock's face.
. He doesn't say a word, walking to the doors with the strange sensation that the remains of the life he built within these walls are slowly crumbling down. "I..." he whispers but decides against it. "Goodbye."
"Now. I really want to kiss you now."
Thomas is still there when he comes back, kneeling next to Toby and patting his ear, “Are you a friend of Mr. Holmes?”
“I was bored.” Sherlock replied.
John looks back at the road. Act like they always do. John isn’t sure what that is supposed to mean exactly. In fact, he hasn’t been sure of how to act around Sherlock for some weeks now. Ever since Sherlock had insisted he moved back in with Rosie actually.Yes, the first few days had been filled with uncomfortable silence and half finished sentences, but after they got around to finally talked, things had almost been like they used to be.
“No,” Sherlock stops him.
XX67: I received the first letter six days ago, John, what do you think I did for all that time? (
"John, I..." Sherlock says, now blushing.
“I stopped him.”
“See,” John smiles, hearts filling up, “I knew you’d think up some ideas, too.”
Sherlock, not exactly sure if this is a brilliant or terrible idea, but being unable to reply anyway, only nods. John releases his hand, and without another word, turns around to face him. Avoiding his eyes, Sherlock lets him rearrange their bodies as he wants to, allowing much more space between them this time. Sherlock tries not to think about it, and more importantly, not to stare down when he feels John exhale loudly through his nose.
He shouldn’t be this nervous, it’s only John. They’ve known each other for years, been through hell together and found their way back from there together too. And even if the last few years have brought them apart, the John currently in the next room is the same one he met all those years ago in many ways. So really, there is no reason to be anxious about it all.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock manages to say, voice broken.
Sherlock's face breaks into a grin, and he's about to say something when the cab comes to a stop.
“Obviously not.”
"Fuck," John curses, not realising this plan of his might not have been that clever after all. He breathes out deeply, the hand that had been drifting down Sherlock's back stopping.
Sherlock remains still for a long moment, feeling like he could burst out laughing too any second and having no idea why, because, really, it’s only sauce. But John’s smile is reaching his eyes, and Sherlock can’t remember the last time he saw anyone so mesmerising, and he lets out a small laugh. That’s all it takes for John to join him, and they end up laughing over misplaced sauce or maybe something else entirely, Sherlock isn’t sure anymore and he finds that he doesn’t care. John is laughing, because of him, with him, and there isn’t a chance he’s ever going to delete such a moment.
“Good, that’s… good.”
Fine. Address?
Sherlock falls a bit more in love, just like that.
“What?”
He signed John Watson-Holmes. I’m sure the Sherlock writing to you also signed both of our names. I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. That's something, no? I mean, these two other versions of ourselves, writing to us for some strange reason, are married. Married.
I’m glad you did. And it
“Ok,” Lestrade finally says, looking back at him. “What do you want to reply?”
John nods and they both start walking slowly. At this pace, Sherlock expects to arrive him in forty-four minutes, but he couldn’t care less. John is standing close, so very close that each brush of their fingers makes Sherlock shiver from head to toe and he almost considers taking the longer route back home.
“Nothing in particular, no,” Sherlock replies, having now lied down and turned off all the lights.
“Give me ten minutes,” John says, “and tell him to come up.”
“The first thing that comes to your mind,” John whispers, never stopping to kiss him. “What do you want?”
“What we dream about and what we’re ready to experience are two different things, Sherlock.”
"Why can't we go?"
So, this one is going to another heavy chapter.
John nods, letting his eyes fall shut as they begin to sway with the music, bodies close and Arnold's breath warm against his neck. He focuses on that, on the music and how his every muscle seems to relax with each beat. He places one hand on Arnold's shoulder, holding on, while the other ventures down his back. He looks back at him, but Arnold is already lost to the dance, a small smile on his lips. John's eyes scan the crowd quickly, searching until he meets Sherlock's eyes, fierce and fixed on him. He's still in Matthew's arms, still dancing but it seems as if his entire focus is on John and John only.
I accepted it, a (very) long time ago, and it still is the best decision I have ever made.
John pushed one of his hands into Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down. “I got you it’s fine”, he breathed. Each of his thrusts now also had Sherlock’s cock, which was trapped between them, caught in constant stimulation, rubbing over John’s belly. It had been absolutely breathtaking to see Sherlock riding his cock but in the end the desperation in the other’s face had won over. John wasn’t cruel, as much as he liked to tease, he was aware when it became too much for his lover. Now, he was holding Sherlock close while he relentlessly pushed his erection into him. It would be easier if they switched positions again but he wanted to keep Sherlock on top of him, watching his whole body quiver at the onslaught of pleasure.
John looks up to find Mrs Hudson peeking through her door, "Yes."
"I love you," Sherlock breathes, close. "I meant to say it back when you told me, but I... forgot."
John, I think…
XX32: I won’t be able to stay, Rosie has a pediatric appointment.
“We can’t let ourselves rush into any of it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock turns towards him, face just as closed but something passing in his eyes, "I told you, I don't have time."
“You didn’t mention the sex part on my list.”
Not quite like the dreams, nor the fantasies.
“Yes,” John replies as calmly as possible. “Took the morning train.”
“There’s more I have to tell you,” John whispers, and it takes a second more before I remember to focus back on what he’s saying.
“Goodbye.”
deduction that made it all so much more real. I hated that I felt alone, truly alone. And I hated you, John. I hated you for having chosen her, for having married her, for having made me watch.
Don’t you think it’s worth fighting for?
John is breathing heavily now, and Sherlock focuses on the angry lines slowly forming on his face. He fights back a smile.
Sorry this chapter took so long, and I hope it was worth the wait :)
John swallows slowly, Sherlock’s mesmerized by his adam apple, and he feels John tug on their hands as he licks his lips. They make their way to Sherlock’s bedroom quickly, climbing onto the bed after removing both of their shoes, and John immediately reaches for him. Sherlock goes willingly, his entire body melting into John’s, lying face to face. He keeps his head on his own pillow, remembering all too well what they’re both craving for right now, and when John tangles their leg together, Sherlock is
"Go home, Sherlock," Mycroft declares, startling him.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos you took the time to left.
“What else changed?” John finally asks, a shiver in his voice that makes Sherlock’s heart miss a beat.
"Matt," Sherlock finally says, "this is John."
The urge to kiss John overwhelms him again, and John’s breath catches when he looks down at his lips once more. They stare at each other for what could be hours, and when John’s finger slowly reaches out to wipe the sauce off his chin, Sherlock feels something very warm spread low in his body. The sensation builds even more the moment John licks his finger clean, and they’re both breathing heavily by the time Angelo interrupts them.
Sherlock sighs deeply against his lips, “I can’t.”
Sherlock doesn't give him the time to finish, sealing their lips in a kiss that makes them both moan. It only takes a second for John to realise this kiss is nothing like the one they shared just hours ago, and a second more to understand why. He smiles against Sherlock's lips, pulling away only to brush their mouths together again softly, the ghost of a kiss. Sherlock is still panting, still shaking, and John slides one hand up his arm and onto his neck, thumbs stroking his skin slowly. He kisses along his jaw, chin and back to the corner of his lips, letting Sherlock seek back his mouth tentatively. Sherlock's lips are firm but hesitant against his, and John allows him to go at his own pace, the urgency of their previous kiss turning this one into so much more.
“You realised it would look weird if we don’t at least drink anything?” Sherlock shrugged at him, John laughing as he continued, “And here I thought you were a talker.”
He allows himself a moment to breathe, to let all that happened sink in but also acknowledge all that is still to come. He can't mess it up, can't let it all fall apart around them without any hope of putting it back together afterward. They've done that too many times, let their world crumble just standing by without doing anything to prevent it. And now that
Or you can just forget about all this.
"Can't I just visit my parents?"
Quentin sighs, sounding desperate, before looking back sharply at them, “Is there a city museum? He loves those, he said once every towns should have one.”
“It’s alright,” John says, reaching for one of Rosie’s toys and and handing it to her. She doesn’t seem very convinced. “Her routine is going to be upset while we’re at your parent’s anyway.”
02:36
Sherlock's lips curl into an amused smile, "You do know she won't stop fussing about it after that."
Trying desperately to put back order in the chaos inside his head, Sherlock closes his eyes and breathes out deeply. He feels John’s fingers move from his neck to his curls, and he can’t help but melt into the touch, “One afternoon, you came back from work and went directly for the sofa. You were asleep in less than a minute, your jacket and shoes still on, and I watched you from my chair for what could have been hours. I watched you and I thought to myself that I would love to find a place on that sofa next to you and hold you, just hold you.”
I had a really good time this morning.
“It doesn’t help that I mostly use my deduction skills to catch thieves and criminals,” Sherlock smiles.
“Of course,” Tom laughs. “Always seeing the bright side.”
John sits down, grabbing papers and pen, “Where do I start?”
You kissed me. SH
“I could tell you why,” Sherlock says, sounding a little softer all the sudden. “But I’m sure you’d like to be the one.”
Of course it bloody does.
"Montgomery called, he just left the station," Sherlock says, eyes now fixed somewhere above John's right shoulder. "I should shower too before he gets here."
John arrives at Sherlock’s house only to find it empty. It had taken him a long minute only to knock at the door, thinking Sherlock must have probably heard him already anyway and was waiting on the other side to open it. But the door still remains closed and not a sound echoes inside the house when John tries the doorbell a third time. He picks up his suitcase, looking around and noticing the small gate that most likely leads to the backyard. He calls out Sherlock’s name, his voice sounding hoarse even to his own ears, but no one answers and he finds the garden just as empty as the house. He doesn’t linger, somehow feeling like he’s invading Sherlock’s privacy just by standing there, quickly going back to the other side of the house. He considers calling Sherlock for a moment, but finds that he doesn’t have the courage to be just a voice on the line when he’s about to face him after all these years.
“When I first read Quentin’s email,” Sherlock cuts him. “I immediately realise this case could be an interesting one. Not in the sense that it would be difficult to find you, not at all really, but humanly interesting.”
"Obviously," Sherlock replies, finally getting the door open. "The family must have payed for the second to be done as they pleased."
Have you read your letter?
In the end, it only takes a second to type his text and hit send,
“There you go,” he says, trying his best to smile.
It almost makes me forget about Dad's teary eyes after we moved out of Baker Street.
“Come on,” Lestrade exclaims, and for a moment Sherlock fears he might talk just a little too loudly. “I’ve never seen you with anyone, don’t you miss it?” Sherlock glares at him, hoping it will shut the DI up. “Don’t give me that look, you know exactly what I’m talking about!”
John swallows with difficulty, throat dry, "And you're already engaged."
John doesn’t bother to hide his own reaction to the words, practically beaming when he says, “Are you ready then?”
This was a good case, it’s been
“If that’s the case,” Tom says, leaning closer. “We need to establish a strategy, a plan of action.”
. “And I’d hate for you two to pass that point and not even realise it.”
John shrugs, "The real problem was that I never got to really, and I do mean really, question myself. Christ," he sighs, "I sound like a proper jerk."
“Sure? If there’s anything you don’t feel comfortable with, you-”
John unlocks his fingers from his hair, licking his lips, “Do you want to go clean up?”
Tom ignores him, “Start with some pillow talk, whispered confession in the dark, romantic stuffs you know.”
“You’re here now,” Sherlock says, breathing out deeply. “And as for myself, I didn’t mean what I said when I told you I didn’t want you here. You’ve always been welcome here, you have to know that.”
"Things that don't concern you," Sherlock cuts her off, walking away and into his lab without another word.
Sherlock had caught signs, here and there, small and almost too quick, but there. For three whole months, Sherlock had been wondering and it is slowly driving him mad. Right now, for example. John is making breakfast when it’s already ten to noon, despite the fact that Sherlock stated, rather loudly, that he wasn’t hungry, and Sherlock can’t seem to be able to focus on anything else but John’s hip slowly moving to the music. He can’t remember when he turned on the radio for that matter, but it seems like a very good idea in this instant. Sherlock sighs, head falling in his hands. March 23rd already and he hasn’t made any kind of progress.
John swallows around the lump in his throat. Eyes fluttering closed, he finally lets himself see the situation as it is, with a man currently showering in the bathroom, a man Sherlock apparently lives with, a man that makes him
He watches as John’s tongue darts out to lick his lower lip, and his breath catches. He’s not sure who moves first but when they collide in the middle, Sherlock’s entire brain shuts down. Only able to focus on the exact feeling of John’s lips against his now, he gives himself entirely to it. He barely registers John settling between his legs, parting them automatically as the first touch of John’s tongue makes all of him crave more. The next moan filling the room is definitely his, and Sherlock blames it on the distinct taste of green tea on John’s tongue dancing with his.
“I’m used to it,” John laughs softly. “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Yes, for what happened in the pub,” John replies, and Sherlock hopes he doesn’t notice his sigh of relief. “I had no right to kiss you like that. I don’t know what came over me but I acted before thinking about it first, and I only realised later on that I hadn’t even asked if it was ok before kissing you. I’ve never done this bef-”
"It's not for a case, John," Sherlock says, his tone neutral and so very calm that it makes anger boil in John's vein. "Weren't you the one who told me romantic attachment was all I was missing? That it would complete me as a human being?"
"That's just delaying the decision," Sherlock points out, pushing his plate away, apparently done with eating.
"Come on, love birds," Rosie sighs, her smile obvious in her voice.
Sherlock suddenly stills, burying his head in the pillow and John stares down at him, panting. "What it is?"
I don’t recall owing you any favor, brother mine.
The heat wave crashing on him when he walks into the main room of the club makes him regret not having left his jacket with his coat, but he doesn’t go back, heading for the bar instead and sitting on one of the empty seats.
“It’s not,” Sherlock replies, having stopped a cab already.
“Maybe we could do this again sometime,” John smiles, sounding nervous all of a sudden.
(Once again, no apologies for how cheesy the rest of this letter is probably going to be.)
Sherlock doesn't repress a sigh this time, massaging his temple slowly. "Did you really call just to tell me I should make a move on John?"
Time wasted.
“What do you mean?”
"It's going to be just fine," Sherlock says, startling him, and John turns to look at him. "I'm certain Mummy has already set up her room with all too much toys and stuffed animals."
me when you come
Rosie is waiting for him by the cab, having apparently take care of everything, and John locks the door behind them after patting Toby's ears one last time. Sherlock is already climbing inside, and Rosie winks at him as she lets him in first.
Lestrade takes back his phone, shaking his head, “Hell to that! That John is clearly looking for you, don’t you want to see him again?”
“His briefcase!”
John exhales loudly, desperately wanting to intervene now but knowing Sherlock still needs time, still is in control.
“A date.”
“Do you like him?”
having a whole day to
It takes another second for Sherlock to realise he’s nervous too, and desperately trying to hide it. Holding back a smile, Sherlock breathes in slowly and gets to his feet, moving towards John without saying a word. He reaches for his hand first, lacing their fingers softly until John’s eyes are finally back on him. They don’t say a word, barely breathing. With a tentative finger, Sherlock traces the lines around John’s eyes all the way to his mouth, tracing each lips slowly. He feels John’s exhales against his own, and they both look away when their eyes meet, the distance between feeling like too much and too little at the same time.
John looks away, the hole seeming somehow bigger now. He needs to think quickly. Sherlock is going to come upstairs, sleep in his bed, and probably notice and deduce every single clothes, folds in the sheets and half-closed drawers, even in his current state.
“Strangely?”
be there soon.
“Guessed right!”
"You could make it up to me," John offers, and Sherlock glances back up at him, questioning. "Kiss me," John demands, and it's Sherlock's turn to chuckle softly before doing so. John represses another laugh, letting Sherlock part his lips slowly. He doesn't move when he feels one of Sherlock's hand slide down his back, stopping there. His own hands wander up and down his chest softly, giving Sherlock the chance to pull away if he needs to.
“Let’s go?”
“Are you saying you’ll take me on holiday there?” John asks, unable to stop smiling now.
“You do know it’s one of the happiest couple of days of the year for most people?” John smiled, pointing to the children running around laughing.
“Oh,” John breathes. “We can’t do this to ourselves, can’t focus on all that could have been.”
"She placed marks on the wall for the painting to be perfectly placed," John murmurs in admiration. "That's some serious controlling."
“Yes,” Victor replies, handing it to him. “Here.”
“I will have so much fun taking you apart.” he hummed as he let his hands trail down Sherlock’s body. “You won’t know what’s happened to you.” John’s tongue was tracing a small pattern across Sherlock’s chest, occasionally sucking a small bruise to any body part that caught his eye. Quicker than he had planned he was on one height with Sherlock’s groin and once he had got a proper glimpse of the other’s cock, he didn’t really feel like holding back anymore. His mouth closed around the head first, letting his tongue enjoy playing with the frenulum for a bit.
Leaning back in the hard airport chair, he closed his eyes for a moment. Doctor John Watson, 25 years old, trained surgeon, at the moment stationed in Kandahar, Afghanistan with the British Army, and currently on his way home to London for Christmas. He had to smile softly thinking about how he had already managed to survive his first months in deployment. It was a lot different from what he initially had imagined it being but then you couldn’t really imagine the immense amount of dust, sand and sheer heat. Although his body had quickly acclimatised to the foreign temperatures and his skin had tanned nicely, he was glad about the cooler temperatures. Besides not being on the constant look-out for IUDs was a welcome change, too. The completely decorated airport though was something his eyes needed more acclimatising to. At their base camp they had hung up the odd mistletoe, mainly to entertain themselves by being on the constant lookout. That thing had shown up in the oddest of places and it had been great fun. The huge Christmas trees hung with baubles and fairy lights were quite the sight but somehow it felt like too much after the bareness of a military camp in the desert. Well, he was travelling on Christmas Eve so he should have steeled himself for it.
XX67: Why did you call then?
, John thinks, heart pounding inside his head. He clenches his fingers, watching Sherlock, whose eyes are now roaming all over him. An eternity stretches around them, and as Sherlock listens to the message a third time, he begins slowly walking toward him. John’s breath catches, and when they’re finally close enough for him to truly see Sherlock’s eyes, John finds himself shivering from head to toe. Neither of them say anything when Sherlock finally lets his hand fall to his side, and John inhales sharply, finding himself - as expected - at lost for words.
“So are you,” John grins.
XX32: Did you know what date it is when you came to give me that letter?
to let them all out. Sherlock will understand, the way he understands such things. No matter if you’re certain he has already deduced them all, tell him. We both know that even the great Sherlock Holmes can miss the most obvious fact when presented to it, especially when it concerns you, John Watson.
“Break?” He offers, stretching.
“Should we call Lestrade?” John asks on their way out. “Quentin seems to be really worried. This might be more serious than we thought.”
Thank you for all your comments and kudos, they make my day every time :)
have our date.
Sherlock joins them outside a full forty minutes later. Rosie had been playing around the garden the whole time, coming back to him and Violet with different discoveries and Violet had said Sherlock used to do just that too at her age. John had smiled at the proud tone in her voice, and thought that if Rosie grows up to be as curious about the worle as Sherlock is, then it was fine with him.
, he needs to remember
). I… Christ, I’ve read your letter and I want to talk about everything you told me, but I’ve… I’ve realised that even if we’ve begun really sharing important… things, we’re still avoiding the obvious and really, there is no way you missed it, I wasn’t even subtle or anything- (
He had to leave. He had no choice. But he’ll be back, with Rosie, soon. And he’ll kiss me again. He told me. He promised, smiling and standing still so very close. He seemed unable to sit anywhere but pressed against me, our chairs abandoned in favor of the sofa. His idea - clever - as soon as I got out of the bathroom. He didn’t laugh, didn’t mock me. He kissed me, standing inside the kitchen, one hand on my nape and the other holding on to my waist. He touched me, ever so gently, and didn’t say anything when I
They both look back at Violet.
It's not that I don't want to remember. I do, truly. But growing up surrounded with unconditional love can turn you into a naive believer, and I had been hoping for a moment like this for years now. They deserve this much, and so much more too. I want them to be ridiculously happy, to whisper sweet nothings into each others ears in cabs, and barely restrain themselves from staring at each other. I want to be that kid, just for once, who's grossed out by her parents kissing in front of them and complaining without really meaning to.
“That’s all I wanted too,” John breathes directly against Sherlock’s lips, refusing to move away. “That and for you to never sleep on that new mattress you order.”
"Were you really worried about this?"
“It’s alright,” John says. “Beside, it’s not the most important.”
“Why are you here, John? Why did you come all the way down here after four years?”
Without either of them looking away from the other’s eyes, John starts to move again, rubbing his thigh against Sherlock’s erection so very slowly. Their conversation having apparently not affected his current state of arousal, Sherlock finds himself already on the edge of desperation. One of his hands flies to John’s hip, holding tightly. He bites down on his lower lip, fighting back the urge to thrust back against him, but the hand on his chest moves to his neck, thumb brushing, “You can also- oh.”
“No, no,” Sherlock says immediately, suddenly fearing John might read it all wrong. “Everything’s fine.”
It’s… Yes, it’s… I-
“There were times when I thought you’ll never want this again,” Sherlock continues in a murmur, not really seeing the point in stopping now.
you hadn’t noticed.
“Yes, I am, and it was alright, thank you.”
"Lestrade, corner of Montague Street," Sherlock says over the phone before hanging up just as quickly. "They're close, it won't take long."
“No, no that’- Even if I had something planned I would have…”
“You don’t work here,” Sherlock began to reply, searching for the right door as they walked, “Why are you caring  about what I’m doing?”
Sherlock takes his hand, sliding it under his shirt and onto the exact same spot on his chest.
It’s dark outside, the only light in the room coming from the still open window, the flat  deadly silent, and there is a weight on his chest as he folds each item of clothes. He’s been willing himself to fall asleep since he had gone up to bed, staring at the ceiling and trying to find a meaning to the day he was about to start in less than three hours. The same dull, boring day he’d been living for the past year, busying himself in the vain hope to forget about his empty flat, empty bed, empty life.  A few years back, he could have used Rosie as an excuse for his own cowardice to do something about it. He could have pretended she needed him there, either cooking breakfast, walking her to school or, later on, reminding her to wake up in the morning in the first place. In a sense, she had needed him like any child whose life revolves around their parents, but that had ended months ago now, when she had packed her own suitcases and went all the way across the country to study in the best boarding school there was, and he continues to get up everyday wondering what exactly he’s supposed to do
"Worried," Sherlock supplies, and John nods. "Which is perfectly normal I’ve been told. I’m sure we’ll all be fine."
The door downstairs opens and closes, and John smiles. Just the smallest of twist on his lips. The familiar sound of footsteps in the stairs quickens just a little his breathing, and his heart misses a bit when the kitchen door flies open. Sherlock doesn’t say a word, moving around the kitchen in a frenzy John knows all too well. So he listens, suddenly remembering why he loves silences here so much. They never last long, are always followed by bangs or glass breaking or voices rising. John closes his eyes and lets warms feelings flow.
“I need water,” John says, letting him go to the garden. “Do you want any?”
“No,” Sherlock replies immediately. “I think Timothy had a change of… mind.”
"You can't be serious," John mutters, head spinning.
“Any chance I could get a name?” John continued to smile and stepped closer.
“Right,” Greg replies carefully, “But with everything that happened, maybe you should.”
They remained silent for a moment, Sherlock looking at the people surrounding them, well aware of John’s gaze on him but said nothing. He needed to let John realise he wasn’t going to back up, that he wanted this as much as him.
Gotta go. See you soon,
"No," John smiles, finding it harder and harder not to kiss him. "Just you. And her."
“Can I know what we’re going to see?”
“We need to take holidays,” he says.
What is it you wish me to do?
Sherlock, obviously, notices.
“Busy day, right?” Tom starts, biting into his ham sandwich with enthusiasm.
Sherlock thanks him with a nod before closing the door behind him, and John breathes out deeply. He heads to his room quickly, letting the towel fall and he can't help but grin as he finally notices the beginning of a erection making itself known. With no time to linger on the matter anymore, he changes into his clothes for the day, and he ignores another pang of disappointment when Sherlock exits the bathroom fully clothed.
John takes the time to breathe in deeply, "I don't know, Sherlock. I don't know because just talking about it makes it hard to breathe right now, and there are still nights when I can hear the sound of your body crashing onto the pavement, so I don't know."
"Sherlock," he tries again, glad to see Sherlock isn't stopping him mid-speech again. "Mrs Hudson said you've been busy but I just wanted to see if you were free tonight."
“It’ll be ready soon.”
John gets to his feet, kissing him quickly. “We don’t need a list to remind us to have sex, love.”
“I wasn’t sure you… that it was what you…”
Sherlock looked back at John, standing right next to him, “I need to observe him.”
tomorrow, and then we
His phone ringing brings him back to his room, and he smiles as Rosie’s name on the screen, “Hello, sweetheart.”
"I'm fine."
“You didn’t,” John says softly.
XX32: No, it’s alright. Maybe calling right after reading the letter wasn’t a good idea. I’ll just… I’ll have another letter for you soon, hopefully by tomorrow.
“Looking through CCTV and when I find him, we’ll prevent him from boarding a plane.” Sherlock just shrugged as if it was the most obvious plan in the world.
Sherlock rolls his eyes once more, but smiles too, and John choses to focus on that part only.
"Sorry," John finds himself saying, wishing he could slap himself for being such an idiot. "I mean, I didn't mean to-"
“Is it strange that I almost don’t want this to happen?” Sherlock asks in a whisper.
kind of thing?"
How could he forget all the evening they spent facing each other in their respective chairs, unable to say the things that really mattered. How long they remained like this, until the late hours of the night had welcomed the whispered apologies and quiet confession.
Perfect. I’ll see you
strongly about you
tomorrow.
He licks his lips, marvelling at the simple and yet breathtaking fact that he’s the one giving Sherlock all this pleasure, and says with all the love threatening to implode within him, “So beautiful, god, you’re so beautiful.”
“Well, then let’s see if you have luck here.” John said and nodded at the reception desk, his big army issued backpack shouldered.
“Yes, alright,” John finally says, sitting on his chair and sighing. “Thank you anyway.”
“I could turn around,” John suggests, “make it easier for you.”
“Trust me,” he whispers, “I’m just as nervous just thinking about it.”
12:15 Parallel Universe (fiction) - Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org
“Maybe somewhere new?”
"That's what I thought," he finally declares forty minutes after they arrive.
John smiles, looking at the severals pictures of the two man all over the walls, “How long have you two been flatmate?”
: January 17th, 2016
Why would I marry someone else named Watson, this is stupid.
“I know, yes.” John smiles. “What it is Mrs Hudson?”
How could this be sane, John?
case he talked about.
“Is that so?” John smiles, teasing.
Sherlock can’t help but smile, shaking his head, “What were you expecting? Getting older didn’t make shopping more interesting.”
“Sherlock’s bedroom is for the two of you,” Violet says, looking up at him. “Rosie will be sleeping in Mycroft’s old room, it isn’t too far from yours this way.”
Montgomery clears his throat as they park, and John proceeds to ignore his smirk entirely as he gets out after Sherlock, not letting go of his hand. "I'll be back in a hour," Montgomery reminds them. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
“There’s a man at the door, asking for Sherlock.”
: 1:33
"We'll try," John smiles, earning himself a deep sigh from the DI. "This flat is empty, nothing dangerous to fear."
“I want all that you want too,” John smiles.
"Pa'," Rosie exclaims, stating up abruptly, "You once told me that you would never lie to me, remember?" She doesn't give Sherlock the time to say anything, leaning against the counter next to him and beaming, "Why were you and Dad in the same room when I came in?"
“Twice, with her sons,” Sherlock replies. “They like Rosie a lot.”
“Sherlock?”
“They won’t ask questions, John. I know my parents. And if they somehow do, we’ll improvise,” Sherlock says, sounding a bit irritated now.
Mrs. Hudson is going
"You have to know..." Sherlock begins, struggling to find the right words to express what is happening inside his head right now. "You have to understand that I've also..."
Sherlock was on his feet in seconds and walking to the flight attendant’s desk, the situation too familiar and not making Sherlock smile at all.
John turns to see Matthew walking towards the bar and Sherlock nowhere to be seen.
“Shouldn’t you be looking in front of you?” He says, earning a glare.
“I won’t lie, I’m glad I am,” John laughs, fingers playing with his fork. “What do people usually do?”
“Thank you John, for this brilliant observation,” Sherlock snorts.
Everyone is laughing again, Sherlock rolling his eyes but blushing just a little, too. John finds that he can’t wait to spend the rest of his life with him.
“Right,” John sighs, shaking his head as he shifts to the edge of his chair. “In the meantime, I’m going to try and sleep.” Sherlock holds his breath as their eyes meet, realising the evening is somehow coming to an end, and wishing he could find something, anything to hold John back just a little longer. “Are you sure you won’t?”
A chuckle breaches John’s lips before he can prevent it.
John feels his lips curl into a smile, "I was trying to make you jealous. Arnold's idea, really." At least this makes Sherlock react, and John gives him another moment to process it. "I acted before I could think, but I don't regret it. I wanted to get back at you, for Horsen, for kicking me out of the flat, for dancing with him."
“It’s harder to lie, or even just feel the need to do so,” John says, sounding all too serious.
"We're not," Sherlock says, looking at him this time, and John glares at him.
not seeing you
“Sure you can’t,” John chuckles.
“They tend to be at first yes,” John replies. “But it gets easier.”
“Nothing.” John smiled before looking at the different screens. “So, where is our man?”
"John?" He frowns, practically jumping to his feet. "What are you doing here?"
“I was just making some tea,” he says instead, “Do you want some?”
John looked at the different couples already eating, the plates looking very delicious.
“He came to visit last summer, with his new wife,” Sherlock replies, eyes fixed on his food.
They fall silent again. John rests his forehead against the glass window, wondering what must he going on inside Lestrade's head right now. Does he sees the situation for what it is, two friends too scared to talk but also who just kissed each other senseless against some club's closed door. Or does he only see two men that time has slowly brought apart, leaving them no other choice but to sit at the back of a police car without having a single idea of what to do next.
“Do you think they saw us, this morning?”
I just needed to tell
Sherlock glances back at him for the briefest of second, "They insisted a lot, I couldn't say no."
Sherlock pulls away at that, studying him closely, "Even the fall?"
"Sherlock," comes Mycroft's voice, sounding properly exhausted.
"How?" He asks, not yet ready to take what he's witnessing at face value. Sherlock had to be faking again, this is all for a case. It can't be serious. It can't.
Are you still there.
John’s head snaps to Greg at the end of the room, a glass in end.
John’s eyes flutter closed, the moment of the look Sherlock gave him during diner making it hard to focus.
“Alright?” John asks.
Can you still remember this day? Or the one that followed? Six years has passed, and yet I can remember each minute with a strange accuracy. Some days, I wonder if I’d ever forget. I am not sure I can. I cherish these memories John. They marked the beginning of our friendship, of the life we shared, even just for a while. I often find myself thinking back on those first few days, when you hadn’t moved in yet, when you chose to save my life after barely knowing anything about me. We never did talked about this, not like we oathed to have.
John smiles, shaking his head, "You're right. I'm just..."
"Yes."
“Oh no, that’s not happening,” Lestrade laughs. “Sherlock, I’ve known you for years, and not once have you shown any interest for that sort of thing, and now that you apparently kissed a complete stranger in a pub, you can’t act as if you just don’t care!”
"I'm Matthew," the man continues, walking toward him and extending a hand. "Sherlock told me a lot about you."
Their breathing only, again. Somewhere between estimating the exact distance between them and wondering why does his own bed feels somehow comfier now, John falls asleep.
All coherent thoughts fall apart after that, and Sherlock holds on tighter to John, trying to pull him ever closer. He had never imagined kissing someone would be like
“Good,” Sherlock replies, relaxing again, and seeking John’s lips again.
Yeah, if that’s
They fall silent, John finding he doesn't actually mind Arnold's presence, making it somehow easier to forget why he's here in the first place, but also hoping the man will understand his complete disinterest in more. Unable to stop himself, he glances back to where Sherlock and Matthew stood a minute ago only to find their seats empty. An instant panic fills him but he spots the cowboy hat in the middle of the dance floor, Sherlock wrapped around Matthew's body as they dance.
out of there.
"Are you certain?" John asks, every breath aching.
John's breath catches, the knot in his chest loosening and his entire body shuddering, "A case?" he asks, relief flooding through his veins with each second that ticks by.
co.uk
"Rosie," John calls, using his best dad voice and failing miserably at getting her attention as she opens the door and steps out. Sherlock remains where he is, still looking at him, his smile much softer now. "Please, tell me they serve actual food there."
“What?”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, knowing John needs a verbal confirmation. “I know.”
A log cracks in the fireplace.
“You had quite some monologues back there,” John replied and Sherlock rolled his eyes before looking at his suspect again. “I’m not complaining.” John added after a moment and Sherlock darted his eyes to him again but John was looking at the people around them. Once this case was over, Sherlock needed to concentrate on the doctor a bit more.
green : diary => it's actually the color reserved for everything John's related
“I know,” Sherlock says. “I know.”
“Sherlock, stop. Yes, I’ve imagined this kiss quite a lot, but I need you to trust me when I say that actually kissing you was much, much better than anything I’ve fantasized about.”
"Can you believe him?" Lestrade sighs, getting to his feet when John does too.
Yeah, you’re probably
Rosie watches him go silently, "Is he mad about something?"
“Could we… I mean in such relationships, people tend to kiss each other quite frequently.”
"She hates it, John," Sherlock comments next to him, eyes fixed on the road. "Always have."
that’s ok with you.
“Sherlock,” John breathes, standing up this time, but Sherlock doesn’t move.
use letters to tell you
Sherlock allows himself a second more to regain some composure before turning around. His eyes find the small, hesitant smile on the man’s lips immediately, and he forces himself to look away just as quickly. He really can’t just
The strangest thing has happened to me in the past few days, and it seems I can’t keep it to myself any longer. Please, do try to understand before thinking I’ve lost my mind.
EDIT    -    DELETE
He looks down at the first page, blank, waiting for the usual observation he fills in each and every one of his journals. But this time Sherlock finds himself at a loss for words. He knows what he should be writing, knows what he should have done with the letter already, and yet…
10:19
“Five days ago. He was supposed to go see his mother in France. He left with his suitcase and everything, but I haven’t had any news since.” Quentin stops, rubbing a hand over his face. “ We usually text everyday. It’s not like him not to reply. I tried to contact his mum a few times but turns out he cancelled at the last minute.”
The afternoon passes in a blur, between readings, board games - where Sherlock refuses to play - and some gardening lesson from Patrick,
“Yes,” John breathes, kissing him more firmly as he begins to walk backwards to the bedroom. Sherlock lets the feeling of John’s lips fill his head, trying to memorize the exact taste of John’s tongue against his, the exact movements that make him moan low in his throat, already getting addicted to the sound.
“You make it all sound so easy,” Sherlock whispers, closing his eyes.
Purposely or not - but probably, yes - Sherlock leaves the whole groin area for last, John being fully erect by the time he gets there. He doesn’t need to asks whether Sherlock is feeling just as comfortably exposed, having only to look down to get a eye full of his own erection.
Sherlock thinks of their bodies so very close, of his erection that doesn’t seem to be going away, and John’s just inches away, and asks with a dry throat, “Glad?”
I'm sorry it took so long, but I had a long period where I didn't wrote a single word, and i'm slowly getting back into writing again.
XX32: I’m glad I did, Sherlock. With the day we just spent, being us, I want nothing more but to spend all the ones to come exactly the same way.
XX67: Yes.
Sherlock blushes harder, “But you didn’t, I mean, you’re still…”
“Why would I?” Sherlock replies, getting to his feet and starting to pace around the kitchen.
too, Sherlock. That’s
, this is exactly how he wants to wake up for the rest of his life. This is exactly how he wants to fall back asleep, even just for a few minutes.
“John,” he breathes, not sure what exactly he wants to ask.
"I really never learn my lesson, do I?"
“Sherlock, it’s good to see you.”
“And risk to damage everything they have?”
Now you get to decide: John or Sherlock POV for the first one?
Violet joins them both as they’re about to leave, “Enjoy your evening, boys.”
“I want to know the exact weight of your erection in my hand,” Sherlock blurs out, fingers tightening into fist in John’s shirt.
“Everything alright over here?”
John laughs, “A strategy?”
is happening sink in. This other Sherlock make it seems all so easy and yet so out of reach at the same time. How am I supposed to trust myself for what is going to happen next. I
to talk about.
“Perfect! I know a very good place, Italian, they serve the best m-”
“I’ll let you know when I make the arrest,” Montgomery finally declares, stretching in his chair before patting John on the shoulder. “Watson, thank you for the brunch and the details this lad never seems to want to share.”
Usually he was charming enough for people to spill their secrets and quickly tell him half of their life. By now he had gotten the feeling that it would be a bit more work when it came to Sherlock. Nevertheless, he enjoyed it. After all, John had never backed up from a challenge, and this man seemed to be a mystery in every way. Furthermore, there was nothing really interesting to do at the airport and the detective was posing as a welcome distraction.
For some reason, Sherlock chuckles, "We've seen each other already."
XX67: I… I read your letter.
"Not the hair sweetheart," he winces, taking her out of Sherlock's arms. "And it's time to eat for you, too!" He sets her down at the table, taking his own seat and nodding toward the other chair until Sherlock understands there's no escaping lunch today.
"Oh please, do shut up," Sherlock sighs, barely glancing at him as he walks out to the street to meet Lestrade.
John smiles down at him, leaning in for another long, sweet kiss. Sherlock abandons himself to him after that. He moans at the first touch of their naked bodies pressed together, moans a little louder at the first contact of John’s lubed finger against his entrance, cries out when John finds his prostate. After, it all gets blurry. Pleasure, burning and building, takes control. He holds on to John’s shoulder at the first thrust, buries his face against John’s neck as their bodies slowly adjust to each other. He can only focus on John’s panting breath, on the sweet words he whispers directly against this ear, on each thrust bringing him closer and closer and clo-
"What did Mrs Hudson say when you went to get Rosie?" John asks, ignoring him entirely.
“Omelette,” John says, a way too broad smile on his lips. “Potatoes, ham, cheese and pepper. So, hungry?”
With the contraction of Sherlock’s muscles as he came, John was pulled over the edge too, his eyes fluttering half way close. He pushed a couple of more times into the other, milking his own orgasm as well as providing additional stimulation. The way Sherlock had cried out, his face so very open and his hand moving fast on his gorgeous cock, everything had burned itself into John’s memory. Whatever would happened after that, this is how John wanted to remember Sherlock.
“But have you seen him again? He’s your cousin after all.”
Sherlock didn’t bother replying. He simply turned around and looked at the signs in front of  him. The restaurant they needed to go to was on the opposite side of the airport and Sherlock wasted no time to inform John about their destination. He could already hear John’s footsteps following him anyway. They reached the restaurant quickly, without a word being exchange and once again Sherlock realised their shared silence hadn’t been awkward or forced in any way. John truly seemed comfortable just following him, as if he was already trusting Sherlock enough to let him decide for the both of them.
“Sherlock,” John stops him. “I don’t want to act like a family. I want, during those four days, to truly become a family.” He takes a step forward, heart pounding. “So I am not going to play along and let your parents see what they want to see. Instead, I am going to show you, during those four days, just how brilliant we could be, together.” Another step closer. Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on him, wide open. “For four whole days, I am going to seduce you, Sherlock Holmes. So I need you to tell me if…” he breathes in deeply, chasing the ache forming inside his chest away. “I need you to tell me if this isn’t something you want. I’ll forget about it, won’t talk about it and remain your friend. But I need you to tell me.”
Then, reality sinks back in.
“Home,” John cuts him, smiling fondly and sitting even closer if possible. “There is a lot I want to say, a lot I’ve meant to say, but let’s go home first.”
discuss more seriously
“Fun day at the morgue, then,” John says, smiling.
“Yes.”
“Obviously, yes.”
The sound of Sherlock’s sharp inhale fills the room. John realises he really needs to go before finding himself walking back to him. He’s about to disappear in the hallway when he looks one last time to Sherlock.
“But you didn’t write another letter,” Sherlock says.
You fall asleep next to him and it’s like blindly reaching for a hand next to you and finding it there, it’s like turning on the radio just when your favorite song is playing, it’s like the familiar smells of your childhood coming back to you. It’s his eyes fixed on you, his smile against your lips, his body warm and pliant. It’s knowing he’s right there, where you can reach for him, where you can feel him,
John breathes in deeply, trapped.
“It’s even better, Sherlock. And I really don’t want to rush it, any of it. I know we didn’t actually talk about it, but this is important to me, and I’ll do anything to make it work.”
“Yes, the case.” Sherlock is standing by the bed. “You showed me yesterday.”
"Ella recommended some anger management classes, and we meet regularly to talk about it too. I can now recognize and analyse the situations that trigger me, and it allows me to regain control over myself." He stops, breathes. "It doesn't excuse what I did, and -"
Everything stops the moment Sherlock's lips crash against his, and John loses the ability to think properly all together. He laces their fingers together tightly, holding on with all he's got as Sherlock is already pulling away, looking all too panicked. Using his free hand to bring their mouths closer again, John makes it his mission to make this man understand this is all right, much more than all right. He feels Sherlock shiver against him, the mere sensation making John's body catch fire. He parts his lips, giving Sherlock the chance to keep the kiss as it is or ask for more, but their tongues meet in the middle immediately. A loud groan echoes in the room, John finding that he couldn’t care less if he's the one making it.
“You’re not,” he whispers, another shift of their bodies bringing them closer together. “You won’t.”
“Still okay?” John asks, looking up at him, and Sherlock nods. “You need to tell me if I do something you don’t enjoy, not everyone likes this, all right?”
to you. And it helped,
John traces the lines around Sherlock's eyes slowly until he looks back at him, "The stag night," he whispers.
“What about you?” John asks in return.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John moans, back arching.
“Hell I knew,” Tom says. “I even helped.”
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes’.”
Yes, Sherlock. I’m here.
to know absolutely
Refusing to spend a moment more waiting here, he grabs his phone, Sherlock’s letter and goes to get Rosie from her room. She’s still half asleep when he puts her in the car seat, and he drives to the daycare quickly. It is still her period of adjustment, but John figures that three hours should be enough to find Sherlock, make him listen to what he has to say and hope for the best. He kisses her softly, feeling this same knot down his chest whenever he has to leave her, but he heads back for the car with one last smile. He’ll be back soon enough, and hopefully, only to go back to Sherlock afterwards.
“Some criminals clearly lack originality,” he replies, his own lips curling into a smile. “So boredom is inevitable I fear.”
“What else?” John asks, moving closer.
"I...," John tries but decides against it, watching Sherlock's face change with the memories.
“You’re right,” Sherlock grins. “All the time.”
Three whole months. That’s how long John had been back and yet, Sherlock would argue it had already been three years. Strange, how time seems to fly by when all is
“That I have no doubt of,” Greg replies with a wink.
letter then?
"You realise it won't be the same once I'm inside you?" John asks, removing his fingers and lubing his cock before climbing back on top of him.
“Sherlock,” John breathes, voice broken with a sob. He doesn’t move, lips brushing Sherlock’s neck as he speaks, “Are you saying you love me?”
"That's ridiculous," Sherlock mocks, but there isn't a trace of amusement in the line of his face.
“Ah, care to elaborate on that? I mean any special interest? You don’t look like someone who follows procedures. Tell me if I’m wrong but I guess any kind of police work requires exactly that: following procedures.”
He decides against staying locked in there any longer and walks out before he has the time to change his mind. John is in his own bedroom, his mug of tea empty and his night clothes waiting on the bed, “I put yours on your bedside table.”
“True enough,” Sherlock agrees, pulling him down for another kiss. “I shall now organise this list of yours more properly.”
“It would have been too fast, too premature. I wasn’t ready for anything really when it came to relationship and we barely knew each other. Maybe it would have been brilliant, maybe it would have worked instantly.” John closes his eyes briefly, breathing in deeply. “But maybe it would have ruined us.”
"About whom?"
“What the fuck were you thinking?!”
goodnight Sherlock.
"Oh, I see," comes Arnold's voice again.
Sherlock squeezes back, his smile widening, "Old age?"
John nods slowly, "And now..."
When can I retrieve this letter?
XX32: Is seven alright?
Sherlock sighs again, eyes finding Rosie's sleeping form in the mirror. "You’ve met my mother, she can be…. " he trails off, teeth grazing his lower lips, and John watches in silent. "Let’s just say that when she has her mind set up on something, it’s impossible to make her see otherwise."
“Knew?”
02:37
Until then,
Thank you for sticking with me and this story <3
“What does your letter say?” John asks, unable to stop smiling.
John smiles, resisting the urge to take his hand, not certain how Sherlock would react with someone else being there. "We won't be long."
about me?
“Not the kind of experiment I was thinking of,” he says after a while, “but that can be quite challenging.”
And so, deciding without a word that
Thank you again for all the amazing feedbacks on this story,
Sherlock smiles down at him, this bright, rare smile of his taking all of John’s breath away.
"Anyway," Lestrade continues. "Once we had the four files together it became obvious that our friend here likes to reenact murders from horror movies. He also chooses his victims carefully. All male, his age and most importantly, virgins."
You and I might live in two complete different universes, but there isn’t a version of myself out there who can know Sherlock and not love him. I can say without a hint of hesitation that I was meant to love this man, in every world, in every story. He’s the only reason I am still alive today, and the only reason you are too. Don’t try to deny it. From the moment we met him, this mad but brilliant man, he became our world.
“You were being an idiot.”
I'm so sorry it took so long. I'm making this fic a priority again, we're so close to the end, it'll be too sad to make you wait so long between each chapters !
, Sherlock immediately thinks.
Sherlock takes another sip of his coffee, crossing both feet under the table. John had been cooking them brunch for the past fifteen minutes, back turned to him, body barely hidden under a too old robe. Sherlock has already come up with four different ways of making him lose the said robe, only two of them involving getting up from his chair. And yet, he remains quiet, watching and listening carefully.
John decides for an easy subject during the ride to this mysterious restaurant and asks Sherlock a bit more about the case they received just before leaving. A few paintings having been stolen in a summer residence of a wealthy business women. Sherlock had seemed intrigued enough and had emailed her back saying he will look into it. They hadn’t had time to discuss it really before they had to pack and go, and so John was surprised to find out Sherlock had already almost solved it. He listens carefully to each of his deductions and theories, pointing out details that seems strange or important, and by the time they’re parking, John is fairly certain they’ll be able to find the said paintings once they’re back in London.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, taking his arm to slide it around his waist. “I know you want to talk about it.”
I’m starting to accept the situation, or I think I am. It doesn’t feel as strange as the first few times now, reading words from another version of myself. My mom used to tell me there are things in this world that we can’t explain, I guess this is one of them. Who knows what the future will offer? Who knows what mankind is capable of doing? I sure don’t.
"The killer couldn't," Sherlock explains, he most likely killed her while she was having people over. He chose a slow poison, so that she would have the time to lock every door once everyone was gone, and even go to bed and die peacefully in her sleep."
“Alright, alright,” John replied, raising his hands in a sign of defeat, ”Sorry I asked.”
Maybe we could do just that some day. Or some night.
“I bet they will, yes.”
“Should I let him in?”
The first time I thought about touching you happened during a dream, and believe me or not, the very first night I slept in the upstairs bedroom. It sounds so sad, I know, but the truth is that I’ve wanted you from the moment our eyes met. You are so breathtakingly beautiful, Sherlock. I have never meet anyone like you, anyone being able to capture me mind and body. You were a proper git, rude to everyone - even me - and yet I wanted to listen to you for hours. I could have, you know. If you had asked me to sit down and listen as you talked about dead pigs and experiments involving eyeballs, I wouldn't have hesitated a second.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at the obvious exaggeration, noticing John’s own amused smile. “Finished?” he asks once he’s close enough, and Sherlock nods. “I was telling Montgomery that he could stay for lunch.”
10:21
“I want…” Sherlock tries again but apparently chooses to kiss him instead, and John happily lets him. His own moans get swallowed when Sherlock’s hands end up on his arse, adding more pressure to their rocking bodies, and he threads his own fingers into Sherlock’s curls. “This.”
“I’ll do it,” John replies.
Sherlock thought,
John kisses him softly, starting to straighten up and Sherlock follows quickly. One finger brushing Sherlock's curls off his forehead, John says, "I'm going to go upstairs, but you're going to take your time before joining me. We're both craving more right now, but I don't want to rush this."
John?
"You should try kissing his neck," Horsen continues, laughing. "He absolutely loves it."
“I don’t want to start the holiday fighting,” he says, earning a glance from Sherlock.
Now, please, come
“Oh.”
“I’m scared.”
“Don’t be afraid. Ask me. I promise to tell you.”
You feel like the luckiest man in the world.
XX67: Try to get some sleep, John.
“No, it’s alright, don’t worry,” Mrs. Blondeau replies, already taking the box out of his hands. “Your honey is really quite special you know, everyone seems to adore it.”
“I can fill you up on the details,” John says, whispering. “We were closing up on the drug case, the suspect was in his flat, alone, and so of course you went in before the police got here. Ring a bell?”
“We finished earlier than planned,” Sherlock replies. “Turned out three of the hands were already necr-”
And please, believe me when I say that I know exactly what you mean when talking about belonging to someone else.
“This man is criminal,” Sherlock replied, walking out of from the man’s reach, “You’ll need to call the police right away.”
“Let’s sit,” John offers, nodding towards the sofa.
Timothy glances at Quentin, then John and back to Sherlock, “I…”
“Yes, conversations in bed tend to be the most interesting ones.”
Sherlock waits until he hangs up before asking, “Useless?”
“Wha-” John begins before choking on words. “You-”
John is still chuckling like a bloody teenagers when he reaches the stairs, Sherlock’s own laughter echoing behind him. He takes a moment, in the middle of the stair, to breath it all in properly. When just hours ago he had been thinking of spending the rest of his life never knowing if he had a chance, now he knows for sure. No more doubt, no more unanswered questions. In four days, they’ll go home and John will never sleep in his old bedroom again.
“She’s exploring, John.”
XX67:
"Looks right to me," John replies, eyeing the horses while wondering just how anyone could look at this painting and wish to buy it.
“Yes, alright.”
“I have a confession to make,” Sherlock whispers, sounding hesitant.
“Do you think we’ll still be doing this in thirty years?”
“I am well aware, yes. But it doesn’t change the fact that you need a plan. Especially, when you want to arrest someone.” John persisted and Sherlock sighed, walking toward the exit.
John rubs a hand against his nape, replying carefully, “We’ll see about that. It’s been awhile since we last lived together you know.”
“John! Wake up! John!”
“Not stopping, I promise,” John replies, smiling again.
“And whose fault is that?”
He smiled, again. Always. Didn’t stop, even after he left. I saw him smiling, going to his car and looking up at me. He had kissed me not a minute before, in the doorway, lingering just a little longer than during the three previous ones. He said he had to go - for the fifth time - his lips still pressed against mine. I felt his breath against my skin, his lips moving against mine, tasted his smile.
9pm? SH
j.h.watson@email.co.uk
j.h.watson@email.co.uk
13:16
They meet in the middle, already desperate for more. Sherlock’s hands find his neck again, and John depends the kiss, the impossible feeling of Sherlock’s entire body being pressed against his now making his head spin a little.
I did.
He doesn’t open his eyes, not just yet.
“It’s the key it seems,” John replies, squeezing his fingers.
Man found dead in his locked bedroom. No windows, one door.
It makes sense.
When he comes back, I’ll be the one kissing him.
13:10
No strategy. No plan of action. He’s going to let things unfolded in front of them and see.
Is that a bad thing?
Sherlock shivers as the pressure of their joined bodies sends another wave of pleasure down his belly. He locks one leg around John’s waist, bringing them ever closer as the words that he had been too afraid to speak all these years finally spill out. John kisses him harder when he begins to shake, and Sherlock holds on tightly to him, coming between their stomachs and swallowing John’s own cry of pleasure as he comes too. It takes a long minute for Sherlock to realise just how quickly it all went, and he feels himself blush again.
Sherlock closed his eyes, inhaling deeply before looking back at John’s figure one last time. He waited until John disappeared in the crowd and walked away. John Watson had been a valuable asset today, and Sherlock was glad to have crossed his path. But it ended here. And it was perfectly fine.
“Almost,” Sherlock replies, smiling lazily. “I’m missing a piece, it’s probably still at the Yard.”
