The other man tapped his fingers. "Well, then, I need to be certain you understand the gravity of the trust placed on you. There are organizations that would kill to get ahold of my parents and their ship. Since members of my family have decided to bring you into this confidence you need to be aware that the eyes watching you are going to be twice as vigilant as before. If you were to betray that confidence—"
"We might," John said. Sherlock could see him shaking, nearly imperceptibly. "We meet up at the flat in Baker Street, okay? If you're sent to, like, 1780 and I'm sent to 1800, I still expect to see you standing there, waiting for me in Baker Street as soon as I arrive. Understand?"
The Doctor took her hand gently. "You know, I picked this spot for a reason. It's a fairly small island, no big animals….plus he's got that watch we gave him for Christmas. You know, one button and the TARDIS locates him, just in case?"
John waited for a long moment, then he finally rolled his eyes and pulled open the door. "Hiding from me won't change the fact—"
Sherlock looked up, peering through the trees to see the simple brick house not fifty yards from the stream.
"I love you," she said simply, kissing him once on the forehead. She turned on her heel, walking away from him.
The man holding the phone to his ear let out a small giggle that did not fit his face. "What's wrong, Mr. Holmes? Has your brother decided not to answer your call? Then who will come and rescue you?"
"No, but you never make plans either. Two people, going out, spending time together, it all seems a bit too personal for you."
"You were dead," Rose said again. "The purity of what you dosed yourself with was more than 90 percent, Sherlock. You injected way too much. You overdosed and you died."
“I’m someone who doesn't like guns, even when their not pointed towards my family. I will not attack you, but if you do not get those guns away from my children in five seconds you’ll find out exactly how much I don’t like them.” This seemed to give the men pause, and their eyes darted to Sherlock and each other. Finally they nodded and set the guns on the ground. The Doctor lowered the screwdriver and nodded. “Who are you?”
Sherlock knew exactly where to look - a missing pie could only be one place. Mycroft, already sixteen, had been spending more and more of his time in his locked room. Sherlock tiptoed up to the door and laid down gently, peering under the crack.
Mycroft smirked. "This has nothing to do with the greater good of Britain, I'm afraid, but nonetheless it does have to do with security. Am I to understand that you met our parents last week?"
"I should have a cot somewhere," the Doctor assured him. "If you prefer you can sleep in the TARDIS tonight."
"You have people to trust," Mycroft insisted. "That's what the list is for. I know how to get into the Sontaran mainframe, Dad."
"Yes, Ma'am," John said. He felt a bit strange, addressing someone so young like that, but there was just something about the woman that commanded respect.
"I didn't steal a pie," he started, but the young boy rushed past him into the room and dived into the trash can next to his desk.
"It's only morning for you," he reminded her as he jogged backwards out of the room. "The boys and I have been making plans all night."
Sherlock giggled a bit before he remembered that pirates don't giggle and quickly stopped. The worms squirmed around in his hand while the Doctor struggled with untangling the fishing lines. The day was beginning to wane—they'd spent a few hours splashing around in the other side of the lake. Mycroft sat on the bank next to them in a dark hoodie that was too hot for the humid climate, his line already in the water. Rose sat a few yards behind them in a chair in the shade, having elected not to squat in the mud again.
Rose sighed, not exactly sure what to say. She brushed the hair back from his forehead. Sherlock was smart. She realized with a sinking feeling that this was not something he had just thought of tonight. She had to do this carefully, he would detect any lies or condescension. "Sherlock, how old do you think Mummy is?"
"We also went to the Diamond planet last year on your birthday," the Doctor reminded her. "Cooking just isn't my forte. Mycroft," the Doctor repeated, shaking his foot gently. "Look at Daddy."
"Leaving me to think you couldn't possibly be interested in someone as dull as me. I was afraid to tell you that I loved you, because I thought you'd just get rid of me to save us both the embarrassment. I couldn't just leave you, because life without you was miserable, but I couldn't last forever pretending that I didn't want more. That's where Sherlock is right now. He could never stand to lose John, but my baby is miserable. I trust John. If he can't love him back…he won't abandon him. I'm sure."
This is as far as ACITT has come, but I intend to finish it! Transferring all of these has reminded me how much I love these old ones. If you have any ideas for more one shots, please let me know!
The Doctor walked into the consul room, holding a small bundle in his arms. He wasn't angry, not the way Rose was, but his blank face and silence resonated in the room with a crushing gravity. The Doctor was never really quiet. He always had something to say, a fact to deliver, or a reassurance to share. Now, as he knelt in front of Sherlock and took a wet, sterile wipe to his son's arm, he said nothing. Sherlock couldn't look at him.
The Doctor held up a small device from his pocket, not looking up from his work. "Future tech. It can reanimate a recent victim, if administered in less than three minutes. We got there in two and a half."
By eleven o'clock he had determined that Sherlock was not going to wake him up. He assumed his flat-mate must finally be getting some rest of his own—he hadn't slept much at all this last week—and pulled himself out of his comfortable daze to make a bit of late morning tea to drink as he read his paper. He had made it all the way to the kitchen before he noticed Sherlock lying on the couch, wide awake, staring at the ceiling. He knew better than to attempt a greeting. If Sherlock had let him sleep so long, he must be miles into his mind-palace, and any attempt at communication would be futile.
"Doctor, why does Miss Pond say you told her not to call me? We have things to do before next week." Rose grumbled as soon as he answered.
"You always sound like you're yelling. I get my very own friend, and you don't get to bully him. Only I get to bully him."
The morning was peaceful. Building their home so far from human civilization had certain perks, and one of them was the gentle way in which Rose got to wake up in the mornings. The Doctor and their boys hadn't slept the night before, so she had the bed entirely to herself. The air was cool and refreshing, and she could hear a bird singing somewhere in the distance. Everything was wonderful.
“It’s okay, Sherlock,” he whispered. “Weeping Angels are all quantum locked and this man is not, so we are not in danger. I believe his species is separate from them, you can blink. Thank you for trying to keep us all safe.”
Sherlock watched the trio of strangers follow them as his father carried him back into the house. One thing he knew for sure, he definitely wasn’t going to let them put him to bed tonight. Not now that he’d finally found a real mystery. The game was on.
"You do realize there is no Thompson's Savings and Loan on that street," the Doctor whispered to Rose, a few streets away from the crime scene. "There never has been."
Rose scoffed and crossed her arms, but finally sighed. "Fine, but you stay within earshot. If you can't hear me and Daddy, you stop right there and turn around. I want you to check back every ten minutes."
The front door to the tavern burst open and a man huffed his way inside, obviously out of breath. His long mustache blended with the dim light of the pub, and he looked white as a sheet. "I need a constable," he called. "There's been a murder."
Sherlock nodded. "He has this notion that I need to eat and sleep every night. You should hear him go on about the time. 'It's midnight Sherlock, get some sleep. It's 3 in the morning, Sherlock, we do microwave flammable objects at 3 in the morning. It's noon, stop sleeping on the floor.' He has this idea that the time of day should determine what you're allowed to do. Time was not meant to be scheduled so arbitrarily."
Redbeard didn't seem to care about the logic of it. The dog recognized his home and walked to the slightly open front door, trotting to lie down in the cool air.
The Doctor sighed and set the device carefully into Sherlock's hand. "Be careful. Just a quick scan. Do you remember how to do it?"
"Daddy?" John heard as the box became transparent. "Did you know Mycroft's going to be bald? Can I tell him?"
"We've been looking for you," the Doctor said incredulously. "We've been trying to visit you for six months, Sherlock. Every time, every single time we tried to contact you, there was something else going on. Did you think no one was watching? Mycroft knows you've been visiting those…places. You've been missing from your flat for a week. We've walked through every drug den in London for days, trying to find you!"
"More like fifty," she laughed softly. "If they knew you were home they'd both be up in a heartbeat."
"A bully," he mumbled, pulling his knees up to his chest the way he'd done when he first got there. John smiled a bit realizing it was a defense mechanism. The boy liked to make himself as small as possible. No wonder the adult Sherlock curled up on the couch when he was sulking.
Rose came in to living room, flopping on the bowl with the batch of cake mix. "You're right, too. Who need's baking?" she dipped her finger into the bowl and ate a blob of the chocolate.
"Shouldn't pirates camp on the beach?" Sherlock asked, huffing under the weight of his small sleeping bag. Redbeard carried Sherlock other small bag around his neck, and looked ridiculously proud of that fact. It freed his master up to ask his normal barrage of questions.
"Yes, incorrectly. Had I been born on Gallifrey I would have passed my operating test with flying colors. You can't manage to park on the street."
"If you drop your gaze, even for a fraction of a second, it will zap me into the past. I'll live out my life in whatever year it sends me to, and be dead by this century."
They sat in silence nibbling on their dinner for a bit. Sherlock was the first to notice when it started, and he told them in a very matter of fact way.
John knocked quietly on the door, catching the attention of the nurse taking the patients vital signs. "Afternoon, Molly," he said cheerfully.
Sherlock blinked, looking at him in confusion. "Our flat, obviously. I can go anywhere, at any time. My parents have a mobile, I could call them and ask for a ride. I don't technically belong to any time period. I've hopped around a bit. Lately I prefer the early 21st century."
The boy turned to see what he wanted. The man always seemed to want something, that's why Mycroft preferred the woman. She seemed to be happy with bringing him milk and letting him sleep, and anything else tended to distract him from important matters such as whether or not his legs had any use or if they were just for decoration.
"Like I said," he admitted, "you were young. I was afraid you'd get bored with life on the TARDIS. I thought it'd be wrong, like I was taking advantage of you."
Every time, every single time Mrs. Hudson promised herself that she would not clean the boys' flat, she would find herself at it again. She didn't know why she bothered sometimes—Sherlock would just leave his little experiments all over the place and clutter it up in a few days. She supposed it was more for John's sake; if he was going to help all of London by keeping Sherlock complacent and happy, she could help him avoid living in squalor.
Nothing prepared him for the young blonde woman who eased open the door to Sherlock's room and peeked her head out into the hall. Her eyes fell on the two patiently waiting men and she smiled, a warm sparkle behind her brown eyes.
After he was sure John had left, he slowly unfolded himself from the chair. He wiped a sleeve over his wet, red eyes, rushing to the sink to rub some cold water on his face. He'd come way too close this time, too close to someone seeing him break down like this. He'd been sure, sure that John was finally done with him. Now he knew that John was coming back, but the tears still flowed from his burning face.
"If we wanted to move from place to place he insisted on being carried. He said if he stood on anything but a boat or the sand he would lose his sea legs and have to start all over again. Thank goodness we could convince him that the TARDIS was just as wobbly as any ship in the ocean—"
John followed Rose downstairs, still trying to wrap his mind around what they were telling him. It was impossible for this young couple to be Sherlock's parents, but they all seemed very committed to the fact. The way Rose had seen right through Sherlock's façade – it made him want to believe that they had to be related.
John nodded sadly, the news was never very good, but at least it wasn't terrible. "I won't be long today. Mary is making roast tonight, I've got to get home for that."
He set the phone on the consul, then leaned down to Sherlock's height. "Sherlock…do you know who I am?"
"You and I both know that half-Time Lords age mentally very fast. I understand what you're talking about. You're telling John that he has to keep quiet about Mum and Dad, but that's obvious. He's smart, like us. He knows he shouldn't go telling people about aliens, they'd lock him up. You just like to scare people."
"What did you say?" Sherlock looked up in surprise, only just remembering that they had another man with them.
Sherlock gulped, the question taking him completely off guard. "Each Angel sends someone to a different year. It's doubtful that I would ever see you again."
John smiled after a long moment, shaking his head at his flatmate. "You didn't tell me your parents were coming."
Sherlock wracked his brain, trying to figure out what she was talking about. "I remember this. When I was eight I was kidnapped. It was just for an hour or two, nothing terribly drastic. Father had me back in the TARDIS before supper."
The taller man reached into his jacket and pulled out a flask, then lobbed it at them gently. The Doctor took a step back, looking at it suspiciously. “That’s just water. Dump a little on your hand, and we’ll explain.”
The Doctor sighed, helping the baby stack a few blocks. Mycroft knocked them down and giggled in the way babies do when they think they've done something incredible. The Doctor smiled. "Fine, he's a bit too young. Just you wait though, it won't be long."
It was about eight years since he had received the list, and it had come in handy a dozen times at least. Today was no exception. The Sontarans were on earth in the 3,765, and no one was safe. They had placed cars around the Earth—Atmos cars—and poison was pouring from the vehicles. There was still a chance to save everyone with minimal casualties, and he and Rose were grasping at that chance. They decided together at almost the same moment that this was not safe. If they failed for some reason, no one on Earth would survive.
"With you, Sherlock. I can't expect every corner of the universe to be gumdrops and rainbows. Do not go to a hotel."
She raised her hand as though she was going to slap his face again, but stopped herself. "You were dead."
They set up two large tents and unpacked a few bags. As soon as they were done Mycroft pulled out a book. "Can I go and read now?"
John rushed forward, peering out over her should like a child. It was London, he was sure. He knew this street, some of these structures. But everything was wrong. The streets were cobblestone. The few people walking by him in the dim light of early evening were well dressed, most of the men in old suits and women in long dresses.
She bit her lip. "I think I'll let Sherlock tell you that, if he wants to." She leaned forward staring at him intently. "Now then, we have a moment. Tell me, Dr. John Watson," she said, enunciating each part of his name as if it were some foreign language, "what kind of wizard are you?"
John raised his eyebrow "I'm sure things get easier in the future, communication wise. Why not just live further down the line?"
The client frowned. "But he knew all those things about the body, how to find the killer, even what the man did for a living. You mean… you're not with the police?"
The Doctor fought a grin and clapped Mycroft on the back as he carried his younger son out towards the living room. He flipped him over and the boy landed on the couch and bounced a bit, which always made him giggle.
The Doctor clapped him on the back of the shoulder, pointing out toward a pub sign swinging in the light wind. "Let's go get that pint you wanted."
"Just keep your eyes on it!" Sherlock ordered, not breaking his gaze on the statue behind John. "Don't blink, John. Whatever you do, don't blink."
Sherlock stared at him in awe. "I just started building a Mind Palace last week. I haven't even told Mummy about it yet."
"It's Sunday," the man said with a raised eyebrow. "I specifically set the TARDIS for Sunday. It went against my better reason, really. I figured you might be free by the end of a weekend, but I usually hate landing on Sundays. Sundays are boring."
Did he know who he was? Yes. Sherlock Tyler Holmes. Did he know where he was? Umm…he could get back to that one. How old was he? Twenty five. What had he taken? Heroin, definitely. Perhaps laced with opium, that usually his favorite type. How long? Well…
"We don't need to fight, John. I understand. My debit card is on the table. Use it for your hotel, please."
"Well, okay, bad example. I just mean…I could mess up something, right? Time is an unbalanced line, the paradoxes—"
"A tie on the doorknob. It's a warning to your roommate. Specifically, 'I have a girl in here, don't interrupt'."
"Sherlock is amazing. Brilliant," John nodded. He ventured a bold question. "How long have you known him?"
"Friend. I'm sure that's what the Doctor thinks too. He thinks of everyone in terms of their worth as a being, it's one of the things I love about him, but it blinds him sometimes. He loves his companions. He'd go to the end of the world for any of them, in fact that was our first date, but he doesn't see what I see."
When Rose was busy heating the oven, Sherlock slowly slipped out of the back door, Sonic Screwdriver in hand. The end of the device was coated in a yellow glob-part of the pie mix Rose had sitting on the counter. He knew he only had a few minutes to finish this mystery. For all he knew the Doctor was already looking for him.
"Well, it looks like you've found a companion of your own," the Doctor smiled. "John seems nice. Perhaps he can take care of your checkups from now on?"
The little family was at a UNIT base when they made the decision. Rose told him to go, get the boys somewhere safe, and then come back as fast as possible. He promised he would, and then scooped up the eight year old Sherlock and grabbed his brother's arm, pulling him along into the TARDIS.
A small boy with black curls sat underneath a table holding a magnifying glass, inspecting a small gouge in the kitchen floor. He ran his finger over it and tried to focus very hard. The tile was broken in the middle, not on the side, so it was unlikely to be caused by normal wear and tear. The dining table above him hadn't been moved at at any time during his memory. There had to be an answer. He scrunched up his face and thought as hard as he could, then huffed in frustration.
"Oh, come on John, look at him. Tattered clothes, covered in grime, he doesn't work at a Savings and Loan. See, in his hair," he said, running his hand lightly over the top of the man's head, "chimney soot. He's a chimney sweep, that's half a step above homeless by eighteen hundreds standards. I just wanted to get rid of him."
"Don't 'mother' me," she said decisively. "You chose to delay my meeting John Watson for far too long. Any and all embarrassing childhood stories are entirely allowed. If you had invited him to eat with us and Mycroft the last time I told you to, I could have split the embarrassment between two sons."
"Not exactly," John admitted. "I'm John Watson, I'm a Doctor. This is Sherlock Holmes. He's sort of…a private detective."
"Sorry," John shrugged, getting comfortable, "I don't do it too often. Since when do you need an alarm clock, anyway? I've seen you space out for days on end before."
He steeled himself, looking her square in the face. "John is my best friend, and my flat mate. Nothing else."
"I guess it'll just stay a mystery then," she shrugged, kissing him once on the forehead and wiggling out from under the table. Sherlock heard her messing about a bit by the fridge and went back to inspecting the spot.
She pulled some of his unruly hair out of his face. "I know, I know. Do you want to go to sleep soon?"
"We don't have to go!" an indignant Mycroft argued as the Doctor pulled the list from its designated spot. "I'm fifteen, I can handle myself with a few Sontarans."
"Oh," he said patting Mycroft's face, "who said he was my goal? No, no, Mr. Holmes, I kidnapped the right brother, trust me. It's you who I need set far away from the workings of the British Government right now. Besides, Sherlock will go exactly where I want him to. You aren't the only person my associate has helped me acquire."
"Really, Rose? I thought the name Mycroft was bad. You're setting these boys up to be drama queens, you know that?"
"It's noon on a Sunday, Sherlock. I've just woken up, I don't want a drink," he eyed the detective suspiciously. "You've never asked me to miss one of your meetings before. You once called me back from the clinic with a rubbish lie about a fire to get me home to make a meeting with a client. Why so secretive all of a sudden?"
"Relax, the wood was very thin," he promised, shoving the note deep into the wall. "Come on Mycroft…"
Sherlock huffed, pulling him towards his bedroom. "You want to know who I am? Fine." He threw open the bedroom door. "This is it, John. This is who I am."
Sherlock pushed open the door. Nothing looked right. Where there should be columns and gratings there were gleaming metal plates of orange and blue. He knew, theoretically, that the TARDIS desktop could change, but he'd never seen it done. He walked up the stairs, examining the new consul.
Castiel looked apologetically at him. “I’ve been trying to fly to you for an hour, but I keep finding myself in the wrong continent. There’s something wrong with this land, it’s like it’s warded against everything. I wanted to warn you,” he glanced toward the Doctor, “but it seems I’m too late.”
Sherlock was still not looking up from the floor. John sighed, clapping him on the shoulder once as they followed the couple out of the building. "We need to talk. Soon."
"My boys have been all over the universe," Rose said proudly, gripping Sherlock's arm for a moment. "At least the safe parts."
"Happens all season, we'll just put them a few days ahead of our old trip and they should be in the clear. I'll stick around until after they leave and clean up the campsite. The kids loved this trip. This'll be the perfect place for Sherlock's honeymoon."
They were in a long, extended bedroom, with all of the furnishings torn from it. Along the walls on every side sat dozens of cages, and inside most of those cages sat humans. They wore rags, with dirt and grime covering their faces. Most of them were unconscious, but one or two were thrashing about desperately, calling to the two men for help.
John winced. He couldn't exactly explain to the little boy that this was actually be his experiment one day. "Actually, the science stuff is not mine. It belongs to my roommate."
Jackie rolled her eyes as the Doctor came bouncing in, holding a giggling Mycroft upside down in one arm and a camera in the other.
"A note," he said, a bit grumpily. She heard the rustling of a piece of paper, and then he recited it, his voice dripping in thinly veiled sass.
Rose understood why the Doctor had to be gone for the week, but it didn't make it easier. Jack needed help with a new program his team had confiscated from a crashed alien ship; usually not something the Doctor was interested in. However, supposedly the new program would make it impossible for any sort of violence to happen in the hub itself, making it a very safe place to store dangerous beings. Jack had offered the Doctor a good chunk of the sizeable budget Torchwood had at their disposal as payment to come help them install it and learn how to use it. It was for a good cause, and the money would help keep the boys' bellies full.
Mycroft snickered while the Doctor stared at the water. There was a snorting sound from Rose that quickly turned into an innocent cough. "Uh, okay, that's my fault," he said casually, wading into the lake and searching for the pole. "I should have asked you to just put the string in the water."
She smiled at him, scribbling something down quickly on the patient's chart. "Hello Dr. Watson. Back to see our friend here?"
"Let's just drop it, okay? Why don't you come help me in the TARDIS? We can go swimming later if we can find the pool."
"Exactly. It's a little bit different, but it's beautiful. That's our family. We're just one family in billions of others, but we're special in a beautiful way. We don't need to be fixed, we're just right."
"Don't," she said sternly. "You've been gone a week. How many times have you shot up this week, Sherlock?"
"That's okay," he said, "just tell me now. Please, I'm not as smart as I thought I was. I've been in here for so long, John. You're my best friend. Help me."
"The…the TARDIS can't be here," Sherlock said, shaking his head. "The TARDIS is parked up the hill on the other side of the clearing."
Sherlock had not budged. His usually calm face had turned pale white, and he stared out among the trapped humans in the room. "You," he called suddenly to the one John was trying to help, "what brought you here? What keeps you here? What do they look like?"
"Like I said, John, I know my son. He doesn't have friends. He just has you," she said, hopping down from the counter. "Come on. That should be long enough."
"So by then I had only to figure out whether the saboteur was the surgeon or the sailor," Sherlock said with a flourish. "That was obvious of course."
“Oh, right,” the Doctor nodded. “You had better all come inside, it’s getting darker out, it’ll be bedtime soon anyway.”
All at once they rose—hundreds of thousands of little bugs rose out of the grass and pinpoints of red lights went zooming around the air. Sherlock stood up and chuckled wildly, trying to catch them, and even Mycroft was grinning as the little beings circled them.
"A very thin business card. A sweep isn't likely to need to store his money, he must have ducked into the building to get out of the rain and grabbed a card so he could roll tobacco with it later."
So I will eventually finish the supernatural crossover, but this is not that. I am working on a lot of series right now, and I just wanted some one shots to get over some writer’s block. Besides, this clears up a plot hole I left in the chapter John Watson: Babysitter. A reminder on this one, the drinking age in the UK is 18 years old. I’ve never explicitly said where their house it, but I imagine it is somewhere in Great Britain. TRIGGER WARNING: Some allusions to underage canoodling.
She kept her eyes closed as the door opened and closed, and then she felt the other side of the bed depress as warm arms wrapped around her from behind.
"He's covered in sweat. Of course, he was a badly paid street dweller, but look at the state of his palms and knees. He fell in that mud, but didn't bother to wipe off the mud from his hands. He must have been in a hurry, and since we know he has just been murdered we can assume he was running from someone. Someone with very clean hands."
"Why?" he asked. "Am I going to fall? There's no gravity in space, John, there's only the field that pulls things toward the TARDIS and keeps others away from it. I used to sit on the roof to read. I'm just as safe as you are in there."
“We had it wrong,” Castiel said, shaking his head, “this is my fault. I was looking through the pictures again and I saw it. This man has a TARDIS. They only come from one place, and it’s not hell. I seriously doubt he has any connection to the recent deaths.”
"I see," he nodded. "Tell me, while they were here, did they happen to discuss...home life? Vacations, perhaps?"
"You're lucky he did," the Doctor said, running in behind Rose and pulling out his sonic screwdriver to work on the cage locks.
"You don't. You think you do. Do you have any idea of the way John looks at you? The way he checks on you when you look away? And another thing," she said, slapping him hard on the arm, "watch what you say about my son. You may not see your good qualities, but everyone with eyes does."
The light was as bright as if it were day, though the sun had set several minutes ago. Some of the bugs started to change, and now they were a deep purple. The boys, after checking for safety, were running through the field now trying to catch the bugs but never quite succeeding—they did move very fast. Rose scooted a bit closer to her husband and felt his hand gently take hers.
"Everyone needs a checkup once in a while," he said, placing the scope on the left side of Sherlock's chest. "You can't exactly walk into a regular clinic can you?"
"Ah, just give them a minute. We haven't seen Sherlock in a while. His schedule tends to be a bit erratic."
Dr. Watson called for help, getting to work immediately to resuscitate the man. One of the stupid medical students had managed to trip over the cords on his way in, ripping the IV straight out of the patient's arm. The intern, Richard Brook, had been thrown out of his program the next day.
Before the private room, Mr. Holmes had been staying in a room with another patient, a conscious one, but the mere presence of the man had appeared to agitate him. Anderson, that was the other patient's name, he's been staying in the hospital long-term for intense Chemotherapy treatments. He'd watch television far too late into the night, and it seemed to bother Mr. Holmes somewhere in his subconscious. He'd scrunch his face up in disgust and mutter something about drug busts.
Sherlock snorted and shook his head, leaning down to examine the body again. "No, of course I don't. There is no Thompson Savings and Loan. Well, there may be, but it certainly isn't going to be a few blocks away."
"It's affecting my life, Sherlock. You don't even know, do you? It's like you're not even human half the time. There are two strangers in my flat who know all these things about you that I've never heard about. You all talk in riddles, and when I try to understand you shoot me down. I've been the dunce in the corner since they arrived…"
"I think it's brilliant, he told him quickly. "Everything. The TARDIS, your parents, all of it. I don't know why you hid this from me."
"Nope, that's against the rules of my time line. This is an accident actually. I'm planning…a vacation of sorts. This is one of my favorite planets for a getaway, I just didn't realize it was occupied right now. I'll have to make a note of it in my plans. Now, Sherlock, can you tell me what our number one family rule is?"
There was a long pause, and finally Watson leaned back and looked at the book. "Okay. The Adventure of The Empty House, there's a good one…"
They had decided when Mycroft was only eight that the boys needed a stable place to call home. The TARDIS was wonderful, but it wasn't exactly grounded. The boys never knew where they'd be when they walked through the door, and on nights when they were afraid or nervous about the dark or monsters they sometimes refused to go near the front doors. It was like showing your children that the boogeyman could in fact be in their closet any time it wanted, but it could only get them if they left the TARDIS. It wasn't healthy.
Sherlock just shrugged, still staring at his bedroom door. John wasn't sure exactly what he expected to come through the door. He quickly developed a mental image of what Sherlock's parents must be like. They would be old, but reserved and impeccably dressed. The woman would be stern and agile, the man would be distant and brilliant like his sons. It was intimidating. He suddenly found himself wishing that he had gone for a pint when he had a chance.
"What are you talking about, Sherlock? We woke up, had breakfast, I read the paper and you experimented with chemicals. It's just a normal day."
She felt him smile and some of the tension left his little body. She wondered how long he'd held in this question, but knew he would be too embarrassed to talk about it. Sherlock yawned. "Mummy?"
She was about to grab him before he woke up Sherlock, but the dog just hopped onto the boy's bed and laid down next to his side. Sherlock's hand came up absently and rested on the animals head, his eyes still closed. "Night, Redbeard," he mumbled.
Rose shot him a warning look. Mrs. Hudson clicked her tongue. "In one of his moods again?" She turned and noticed who else had walked out of the box. "John! You know now, then? That's wonderful, I'm so sick of pretending I haven't met Sherlock's family."
She hugged him again, softer this time. "I thought I could do that, too. I loved the Doctor from the first day we met. I thought, 'there's no way someone so amazing could ever love me'. I thought, 'just be a good companion, follow the rules, make him like you, and then you can stay with him for a while'. It's not enough. You'll see him with someone else, the bloody mistress of the King of France for instance, and it'll hurt too much. It'll hurt like a knife in your back, Sweetheart. It'll be worse than losing him altogether."
"Who was shooting holes in the wall?" the Doctor asked suddenly with a frown. "Sherlock, a gun? Really? You should know better."
"This is your choice, you know," the Doctor said, pulling a jar of jam from the fridge. "You could come with us. No time, no responsibilities, no murders. Well, almost no murders, there is the occasional… Just take a break from Earth. My offer still stands."
"Never. Not once. He doesn't want these two parts of his life to collide. He cares about what you think of him, John, and that's something you should be proud of."
"My mind is as organized as it ever was," Sherlock said, rewarming the kettle and pulling cups down from the cupboards. "Everything else is just transport. Bodies come and go."
He examined the list, trying to find someone at least fairly familiar. He squinted, seeing something small in parenthesis next to one of the unfamiliar names.
The Doctor closed the door behind John, turning back to smile as Sherlock. "Bit warm in here, eh?" he asked.
"Good boy. What I need you to do is not tell Mummy or the other me that I'm here. It's a secret, but it's a good secret, and Daddy's telling you to do it so it's not a lie, okay?"
"No, I don't think so," she spat at him. "If you're about to try to explain to me why I had to find my son in an abandoned house with a needle in his arm, you talk to me as your mother."
Mycroft briefly turned his head towards his mother's voice, but then resumed his examination of the small multicolored blocks in front of him. More specifically, he was testing to see if different colored blocks tasted differently, but of course his parents had no way of knowing that.
Sherlock jumped on the chair, obviously very pleased. The now familiar sound of the TARDIS filled the room.
"That's why I parked on the other side of the property. Didn't want to ruin your progress. I'll check on them later after you fall asleep."
The patient's eyes darted back and forth under his eyelids. There was a world in there, a place that no one except Mr. Holmes could go.
"Ha!" Sherlock shouted, hopping to his feet. He frowned at himself. "Oh, God, I'm not going to start saying that am I? This is why we don't spend time with my parents, John. Anyway, let's get started."
The Doctor gently poured a few drops of water on Sherlock’s hand, and Rose gasped behind them. “It really is water, Rose,” he called reassuringly over his shoulder.
"I'm tired. You can sleep in your room. I'll be okay," he muttered, his long eyelashes fluttering a bit.
"Can we just stay here and," he grimaced, "visit? If we absolutely must get through a few hours, that is."
They narrowed their eyes at him, but eventually nodded, heading off down the street to find the Thompson Savings and Loan. Sherlock waved at them politely until they were out of earshot, then it fell from his face.
"I prefer that we don't go camping. We have both a house and an entire dimension compressed into the space of a police box. It makes no sense to go sleep outside on the ground."
John glanced at all of them as if there was some big conspiracy unfolding around him. "Okay, it's the TARDIS. What does that mean?"
He waved her off and leaned back in his chair, casting a sad glance at his favorite patient. Wild black curls lay perfectly still against the man's pale, angular face. The name on the chart in John's hands read William S. S. Holmes. Someone had found him a few years ago in a local drug den, unconscious after overdosing. He'd been comatose ever since. They'd tried to find him visitors, but it seemed very few people knew him. His only living family member was a brother, Mike, and they didn't appear to have a very close relationship. He'd only been to see him once or twice, and he called John every four months or so to check in on his condition. Mike covered the cost of the private room, but his lack of interest bothered John.
Rose yawned. She was not built for this. It was about three in the morning now, and on a normal night, she would have been in bed hours before.
Sherlock settled into the calm determination that would one day make him an excellent detective, but as a six year old that determination had a time limit of about twenty minutes. He was soon fidgeting anxiously, his shuffling bare feet knocking mud into the lake.
They headed out to Scotland Yard, the detective and his Doctor. They stopped by Angelo's on the way.
He tried to focus on the last thing he could remember. He was in the house on Darter Street, the abandoned one that people squatted in sometimes. His usual dealer stayed in the basement, and usually found a little spot in the upper levels to…well…consume what he had purchased.
"Because you already don't! You still think those are strangers downstairs. You don't believe me when I tell the truth, so why should I bother?"
If the whole thing wasn't so strange, and he was little less angry, John would have laughed. The box couldn't have been more than a yard wide on any side, and maybe seven foot tall, but Sherlock Holmes was hiding in it. Was this Sherlock's new way of avoiding socialization? The 'you-can't-see-me, I'm invisible' approach?
He either didn't hear her or didn't care. He was already across the room, helping the man into a chair. "Do you know who committed the murder?" Sherlock asked animatedly, "Because if you do then you can just go find a constable. It's boring if you already know who did it."
"I like science," he said, looking around the room. "Everything is made of science, you know? Atoms are science, and everything in the whole wide universe is made of atoms."
"I believe he was running north," Sherlock said. "Deep footprints—he wasn't tired yet. Perhaps if we start out north we might find another track."
He frowned. "That's what I'm trying to do. There's a case, we have to investigate. Shall we meet up later, take in a few sights before we head back—"
It started a very normal day at Baker Street—or so John Watson thought. It was Sunday, finally, and he allowed himself the rare privilege to sleep in. A bit of rest was long overdue; he had been running back and forth between his job at the clinic and his cases with Sherlock for a solid month now. On average he managed about five hours a night, but those missed hours built up on him quickly nowadays. It wasn't like he minded much. When there was an interesting case to solve he enjoyed the late nights, as long as Sherlock was talkative. Their last case had been wrapped up only days before; it had been a trying ordeal having to do with an elephant ending up somewhere…unexpected. Sherlock was on his usual 'just proved my own brilliance' high, but they never lasted long. As he lay there Sunday morning he kept expecting the detective to knock on his door (or more accurately burst in unannounced) and drag him away to find something new to investigate.
He emptied out a small compartment under the TARDIS floor, then closed it, not going near it for several weeks. In fact, the family didn't travel at all for those weeks. The TARDIS sat alone in the yard, just out of sight. Rose kept asking him why they were living so linearly, but he told to wait just a bit longer. He wanted to be sure his plan would work before he explained it.
"Um, Sherlock," the Doctor said, holding up his hand, "I've noticed that when people are trying to get used to the concept of the TARDIS, they don't actually care about the science behind it. Yes, John, it's bigger on the inside."
"You were quite the crier too, you know," Rose said, smoothing out his hair. "Say, I think I hear Daddy calling for some help. Will you run to the TARDIS and help him find the camera?"
John sat quickly on the bench, fastening one of the seatbelts around himself as the TARDIS started to move. Sherlock chuckled.
He frowned. He usually had a decent timeframe as to how long he'd lost during a blackout. Nothing was coming to him now. Where was he?
He grumbled a bit, rubbing his arm where she'd hit it. "I want to keep him in my life, okay? If I ever tried to be more than his friend and he decided to leave…I couldn't handle it." Rose noticed with a shudder how his hand came to rest on the inside of his arm where his old scars were hidden under his jacket.
Sherlock looked around the consul room as if John had forgotten were they were. "You don't think we're…too weird?"
"Do you care?" Sherlock asked, a little quieter. "I understand if you were playing nice for my parents. You can still choose not to know this. Uncle Jack has developed excellent Retcon pills, we could erase this Sunday for you."
John gasped as Sherlock took a step out of the door, using one hand to anchor himself to the side of the TARDIS and climbing agilely to sit on top of the box. John gasped, panicking as he grabbed ahold of Sherlock's long, dangling legs.
"Shields. They hold the air in. The TARDIS produces its own oxygen. It's a Gallifreyan atmosphere but it's perfectly safe for humans."
The TARDIS rocked violently to the side and John grabbed Sherlock's arm for support. Rose hopped away to the doors, peeking out of the box.
The Doctor leaned over for a kiss, but just then Sherlock arrived gasping for breath at the edge of the blanket. "I caught one!" he said, holding out his closed hands.
"The Thompson Savings and Loan. You know exactly where it is, despite the fact that it existed a hundred years before you were born."
Sherlock was standing up on a chair, peering down at the assorted chemicals. Apparently the lack of respect for furniture was a longstanding trait. He picked up a set of charts, staring at them with a wide grin. "Oh, I get it!" he cried. "These are liquefied human eyeballs. You want to see how they settle in the jars, right?"
"Pretty much resolve themselves," the Doctor grinned. "Things have a weird way of working out, even if you stick your nose in another decade's business."
They had managed to save him before it was too late, but his condition was worse. That was the last time the man had spoken. His vitals were never as strong as they had been, and aside from the odd twitch, he lived his life as a statue.
His mother pulled up the side of the tablecloth and smiled at him. "What are you doing under there?"
"None," the Doctor said, pulling the instrument back into his deep, deep pockets. "Two hearts, the right one smaller than the other, but steadily beating. Have you been eating? Getting any sleep?"
"Please!" a voice broke through the silent barrier around his palace so suddenly that it shook the imaginary walls, fading in and out. "Please, Sherlock….don't think that…why…Sherlock!"
She shook her head, settling back down and pulling him close to her. She pointed up at the ceiling to the mess of stars over their heads. "You know that star, there? The one that's just a bit different?"
Sherlock turned and looked at the door. "I can just leave? I don't think I can, John. The case isn't finished. You have to take me outside."
"The detox has already been accelerated by the Doctor's machines. You should still be unconscious, but everything is in fast forward. That doesn't mean the withdrawal will be much faster, but you'll move through steps quicker. I can't…I can't be here when that happens."
"Well, I have. This was literally child's play for me. Grasping the concept of the universe, exploring different times, accepting the ends of things, that was remedial stuff I learned along with shapes and colors. Honestly anyone who steps foot on the TARDIS and acts like it's mesmerizing looks incredibly dull to me. The science behind it is rather obvious when you think about it hard enough."
The Doctor shook the mud off the pole and set it in Sherlock's hands. "Do you know what fishing is, Sherlock?"
This is not an AU, it's just a theory (not one I would support or wish for because, ouch) about the strange world Sherlock lives in. It's kind of an alternative to how Series 3 could have started… if Moffat were more evil. Probably a one shot. I suppose another chapter may be possible.
"It's nothing," Sherlock said quickly and unconvincingly. He took John's arm and tried to lead him to the door. "It shouldn't take long, a few hours at the most. Believe me I want to be through with this obligation as quickly as possible."
The man in the suit scoffed, taking John's hand. "Don't be silly, Sherlock. Mycroft told us about the swimming pool last year, your whole ordeal with Moriarty. I don't think 'John Smith' will be necessary. Call me The Doctor."
Rose tapped him on the chin lightly. "You sound like me, in the early days. You and me. Cardiff and Jack and Mickey. You remember that?"
Rose turned around—then quickly covered her mouth so she wouldn't laugh. Sherlock stood in the doorway in thick camouflage pants and a ruffled shirt. His favorite trifold pirate hat he'd gotten for his sixth birthday hung off the side of his face slightly. He was small for his age, and as thin as he was you'd think he never ate.
Each day as they lived in the house he made an internal oath to himself and his family, and that was this; that at the end of his life, however many centuries away that may be, he would write a list. On that list he would write the names and space-time coordinates of every person in the universe whom he could turn to with his children in an emergency. Finally, he would use the future version of the TARDIS to travel back to this specific week and find the old version of the TARDIS. He would place the list into the small, empty compartment, all while making no contact with his previous self or the past versions of his family.
"Found it!" he cried, positioning himself behind Rose and Jackie. He set Mycroft ankles over his shoulder so that his face would be in the frame, then pulled Rose and her mother closer. Jackie lifted the infant so that you could see his wild, questioning eyes.
“I don’t know,” the angel admitted. “You all just look like souls to me. But all of their souls look...interesting.”
The Doctor frowned. "We're camping, Mike. We have…camp things to do. Fishing, hiking, roasting things…camp!"
It was so dark in his flat. He couldn't even remember the last time he had left his desk. This case was just so difficult, and the random thoughts in his head didn't help. He had to continuously remind himself what he was doing. Why was his focus so scattered? He was a genius, this shouldn't be so hard. Why were the lights out? He could not remember. He would have to speak to Mrs. Hudson about that.
"Because I'm me. I'm an asshole. Aggravating. A freak. An alien. I'm thrilled that he doesn't seem to want me to move out, even after what he's seen today, but that's more than I ever dared to…" he trailed off. "John will find someone better, and I'll be happy for him. I just hope he lets me see him every now and then. That's all I want."
"One thing that doesn't drive me absolutely crazy is the fact that you explain yourself, whether I understand it or not. You obviously don't want me to know something. You're hiding something from me, and I don't appreciate being kept out of the loop."
John heard the door open as the adult version of Sherlock walked into the flat to see the TARDIS fading away. "Oh," the detective said, "I've just missed my parent's then? I've only just got your messages."
"Yes. Well, okay, not entirely. I was born human. On Earth, right here in London actually. I met the Doctor when I was nineteen and he… looked a bit different. He'd been traveling in the TARDIS for centuries at that point, and when he got bored he would pick up a little human companion to keep him company. It was the greatest thing that had ever happened to me. Still is."
John stood in confused silence for a moment, then he patted Sherlock on the back gently. "You…you know you're my best friend. Right? Sherlock…you're my best friend."
The client shifted uncomfortably. "It's just that—you said he must have ducked into the Savings and Loan to get out of the rain. There hasn't been any proper rain, not for weeks. It's a bit humid, but nothing serious—"
Sherlock backed up and clapped as if she had made some wonderful point. "Good idea, Rose. I don't have much experience in this particular time period and you two could be very helpful."
"Well, General is the name given to people who lead others into battle and wear uniforms, but if you put on a costume and rounded up a posse we still wouldn't call you General Sherlock, would we?" The Doctor asked a bit snidely.
John sat in the chair next to the bed, pulling his work bag onto his lap. "Ah, he knows I'll be back the next day." He assured her.
"Four or five hundred," he admitted, watching as the light illuminating her face turned to a sweet blue. "I used to come here when I was lonely—after I lost someone or didn't trust myself to be around humans. Haven't been here with this face yet of course," he smiled.
"Meet anyone interesting?" Rose asked. She took the Doctor's hand, leaning in to whisper to him. "You're right, you know, it is more fun when you have someone new on the TARDIS. You sort of take all of this for granted when it's just your life."
Not even Mycroft complained this time—the Doctor was sometimes secretive with the boys, but never with Rose, and they all wanted to know what was happening. Redbeard awoke from his slumber by the bank and trotted along after them.
"Why do things have to change, though?" he asked, a bit more quietly. "Why can't things stay the same forever?"
"It's not like we traveled all of the time," Rose agreed. "We had the house. Would you rather have been kept in the dark about who we were?"
I look for this part of the story to have one more chapter, possibly two, and then I'll move on to more one shots. As always I'd love any ideas anyone has for plots of young Sherlock and Mycroft. Thanks all!
Jim Moriarty knelt in front of him, waving the still ringing phone in front of him with a wide smile across his gloating face. "Are we really that surprised that Sherlock didn't answer?" he asked conspiratorially. "Not your biggest fan, is he?"
But John stopped talking there. He'd expected to see a small, closed in, blue walls on the inside closet, with the infuriating genius standing there like a tall broom in a cupboard. That was not what was in front of him. Inside the box was a large room decorated in a grungy coral pattern, with grated metal floor. Sherlock was standing near the center of the room in front of what appeared to be a large, circular consul full of strange gears and levers, with long glass columns at its center. The taller man leaned against the column, arms crossed as he looked calmly at John.
The Doctor did sleep that night; not for very long, but he slept. For one night, everyone in the family slept at the same time. It didn't happen often, but that was okay with them. They were strange, but it was a wonderful strange.
Sherlock was confused. Voices didn't usually make it through to his palace, and no one here knew his real name.
"I don't know. He didn't say. Wouldn't leave a name, either. Rather handsome," she said thoughtfully. "He left his number on the mantle. Perhaps he'll drop by again. I'm sure he will, if it was anything important."
"Well, there you go, you're going to learn. Then there's the whole Mind-Palace thing. You store your memories in there so you can keep them all organized."
Mycroft tried to protest but the Doctor just held his hand up. "I'll take care of it, Mike. How's the research on the TARDIS manual going?"
The Doctor said nothing, but he and Rose shared a look. He took the medical wipe and balled it up, tossing it into a waste basket they had placed a few feet away.
Right. John told him to solve it. That was why it was important. He remembered that. Every day, John told him to solve this case. But why didn't he remember seeing John? He was so tired.
"I'm not an alien," Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes. "I was born on Earth. Not necessarily in the year my birth certificate says, but on Earth. Rose wanted us to have a home planet, and Gallifrey wasn't an option."
His phone buzzed. He cast a casual glance at it, then threw it onto the table angrily. "Not now, Mycroft." He spat, leaning his long frame against the counter and covering his face with his hands. The phone buzzed desperately along the tabletop.
She was humming to herself, vacuuming their sitting room again, when a sound just behind her made her jump. She jumped around the vacuum, searching for an intruder, when she saw the blue box appearing by the doorway. She relaxed shaking her head at the little box when the door swung open.
He stared at Mr. Holmes, placing on hand on the man's arm. "You're going to get through this, you know. If anyone could pull through, you could. Then, you and me, we'll go have a pint together, alright? If you remember me. If you even have any idea who I am. You and your doctor, we'll go and have a drink together at Angelo's, that little bar across the street I told you about. We'll talk about detective stories, huh? I got married a few months ago. I know I didn't tell you, sorry. You couldn't get out in time to be my best man, but you could still be my best friend. Just wake up," he said, frowning. "Come on. Just wake up, give me a sign, anything."
"Well, I was going to. It was going to be our Honeymoon spot, but I know you wanted some adventure. I figured we'd go some day as a surprise, but then we had the boys and I wanted them to be able to understand what they were seeing."
She rubbed her eyes. "What's wrong, Love?" she turned and looked at the little boy laying in the bed next to her. She was resting back on the bedspread, but Sherlock was nestled under the blankets, his gravity-defying black curls bouncing slightly as he shook his head. He was in his pajamas, he had a glass of water, and he'd been up to use the bathroom four times already. They'd been there for hours.
She chuckled, sliding gently out of the bed. She could tell from the way he slumped across the ship-shaped bed that he was done for the night. She planted a quick kiss on his forehead and then crept silently to the door. As soon as she opened it an old brown dog scurried past her into the room.
"Wow," John said, shaking his head. "I knew you had the streets of London memorized, but I didn't realize you had their histories memorized as well."
Mycroft turned around to watch his mother, staring at the bowl on her lap. Whatever it was, it smelled good, and he had never seen it before.
John was going to protest but the Doctor shut the door behind them, and suddenly it was just him and Rose in the hallway. Rose held a finger to her lips, gesturing for him to follow her down the stairs. "The Doctor's just going to have a quick word with his son while we get the tea ready," she whispered.
"They've only just arrived," Sherlock said, straightening out his jacket. He noticed John staring at him. "What?"
“We don’t know what you are,” Dean said, eying the Doctor suspiciously, “but we know you’re not human. We weren’t expecting a whole...nest? How many of you are there?”
Sherlock's small face was scrunched up in frustration. He'd brought a little garden trowel in his backpack, but no matter how many holes he dug he hadn't found any treasure yet. He wrestled with the soil beneath a giant tree, positive that he'd found the right spot this time.
"I'd rather not. I did not get much sleep, and it seems to be catching up with me. I'm resting, but I'm listening."
"He has to have taken the pie, Dad. Mom didn't eat and I didn't eat it and you didn't know about it, so it had to be him."
"Well," Mycroft said, crossing to the center of the room and leaning against the desk, "it's just as well, I suppose. I was looking for both of you."
"Sherlock," John snapped, grabbing the man's hand. "Thank you for bringing us here. You may want to alert more…proper authorities so that they can alert the man's family, maybe try to conduct their own investigation."
John waited for him to finish, but the man had finished. "Sorry, I don't think I caught that. Doctor wh-"
Mycroft scoffed, easing forward. “Right. Because helpful people lurk on other people’s property with guns.”
Rose bit at the tip of her tongue. "I swear, Mum, the week he was born he had the lightest hair you'd ever seen, it looked just like mine. Sherlock was the perfect choice. Honesty, I think his hair changed color just to be difficult."
"John…" he started, trying to make each last, precious second count. "There's something I should say…something I've always meant to say, but I never have."
No. No this was different. Even if he believed his friend would go to such lengths to dupe him, he trusted Rose and the Doctor. They knew things about Sherlock, things it had taken him years to understand. They were definitely his parents, and he didn't think they would lie.
The alien sun was rising in the sky as the family walked along a thin path. As the Doctor had promised, the planet Moira was basically one large forest. Rose had expected to land somewhere and set up camp on the spot, but to her surprise the Doctor had picked up the majority of the bags and began hiking straight from the TARDIS. She'd been a bit confused, but they trailed along after him.
"Sherlock!" she shouted suddenly. He jumped out, fists balled and ready for a fight if there was something dangerous around. Rose crossed her arms. "Where is my pie, Sherlock?"
"Of course," she sighed, "but if he wants to be alone with John that badly then we'll give them a few minutes. I figure one stroll around the block will do it."
"Because I'll untie you," she said, not willing to look at him anymore. "I love you too much to do that." She walked away.
"Now it's bedtime," Rose said, trailing after them with a smiling Mycroft and some lighted lanterns.
"Could be," John nodded. "Sorry to disappoint you. I can tell him to call you when he gets home, but I can't be sure he'll do it."
"Of course you weren't," My croft said, uncharacteristically soft as he headed toward the door. "Nice to see you, little brother, but it would be best if I am not here when Father returns to collect you. Timelines and all, you know. Very tricky subject. John, please tell the adult Sherlock to call me when he gets home. He may actually do it if he remembers this conversation."
"Let's leave the picnic stuff," the Doctor said, picking up the rest of the food. "We can have breakfast tomorrow morning."
"Then what's the point of kidnapping me? Sherlock won't know, so he has no reason to come after me. If he is your goal, you can't get to him through me."
Sherlock looked at the pole a moment in deep thought, and then tossed the whole thing into the water.
Sherlock stopped, and for just a second John saw something like regret cross his features. "It's gone, John. Gallifrey was destroyed in a war, long before even Mycroft was born. The Doctor, he's the last full Time Lord. Mycroft and I are only hybrids, but we're the only two in the universe, ever."
"That's not what I wanted to know. Would we…would we be sent to the same year? The same place? Or would you be alone?"
"You haven't hit the ground," John told him. "If you go to sleep, you'll hit the pavement, and you won't survive this time. Dr. John Watson. It's not that uncommon of a name, someone was bound to get it again, I guess. So, when I was ten, someone bought me this old thing as a joke on my name, and just to show them up, I read the whole thing. I just think it's funny, your last name being Holmes and all. It's like it's us in the stories, eh? I must have read it to you a hundred times by now, sorry if it's getting boring."
The Doctor grinned. "I didn't even realize they were dating. I mean, I knew he cared about John, but I thought it was just…companionship. You can love someone without being in love with them. I suppose it makes sense though, eh? I mean they already live together, I should have assumed—"
Redbeard trotted over to older boy and started licking at his face. Mycroft was cocooned tightly in the blanket, and he started trying to wiggle away from the dog but couldn't get free. "Sherlock, call him off!"
John tapped his foot, sitting quietly in his chair. Across from him sat a small boy with wild, dark curls and apprehensive eyes. They sat in awkward silence, but John could feel those changeling eyes rolling over him. How much could they deduce? Sure, as an adult Sherlock had been able to figure out everything about him with a glance. He had a feeling that was a learned skill, but how long had the man studied it before he became what he was today?
He liked to assume he was talking to him, but in all reality it was unlikely that he even knew someone was there with him. He assumed he must have known another John before he overdosed. Whatever the case, John always tried to answer him as though he could hear. "Yes, Mr. Holmes."
John shook his head, following Sherlock towards the large, decrepit building. "Should we go back? Get your parents, maybe?"
He stared at her incredulously. "You—you can't. That would literally kill me. The withdrawals are fatal—"
"This is silly," Mycroft grumbled audibly when Rose and Sherlock came into the TARIS. He was laying on the floor of the consul room with a blanket wrapped around himself, pretending to be asleep. The Doctor stepped over him easily, setting up the TARDIS for the trip.
"I'd love that. Take me there now. Let's leave, right now. If I can't sleep, let me get out of this room. Tell me how to get out of this dark, dark place, John."
No room on a TARDIS could technically be called 'baby-proof'. It was an organically grown mess of wires and consciousness, used as a weapon, a vessel, and lately as a home. Still, the two new parents had tried their best to make a safe living area. The TARDIS had infinite rooms anyway, it was just a small matter of arranging a cozy little living room and kitchen together and placing them near the consul room.
He ran forward and took Sherlock's hand, pulling him into a brief embrace. He reciprocated, but not as warmly as he had with the woman. "Sorry about that. I was aiming for the sidewalk. You have admit, based on my track record that was a pretty close landing."
He placed the paper in the Doctor's hands, pointing down the street with the other. "It's a business card," he announced, "for the Thompson's Savings and Loan. It's about four blocks that way, where the little restaurant Sarah Jane Smith likes with the chips will be one day. Do you remember the street?"
"The other person didn't fall, evidently. We can see the fingermarks, but his neck has no mud. His attacker was more in shape, I suppose. He'd have to be to kill someone on a street in open daylight. Does this street get much traffic?" he asked.
"No!" she said quickly, relaxing his hand with hers, gently. "He's clean. I'm talking about the elephant in the room."
He didn't answer, but Mrs. Hudson was quickly distracted by the other three coming through the door.
After three more rings he sighed, accepting the fact that his brother had not answered. He leaned his head back against the wall. The handcuffs around his wrists rubbed against his skin sharply, and he felt a trickle of blood run down his palm.
Sherlock swept from the pub, bringing John along with him. The other two followed, but lagged behind a bit. The Doctor leaned to her quietly. "You have to tell me how you do that one of these days."
John grinned, bounding the stairs two at a time. Sherlock was in a room to the right, and John could only just make out his back. He ran into the room, ready for anything. Anything except what was actually there.
Rose set a hand on Sherlock's arm, something unspoken passing between them. They stared at each other a moment, and then Rose nodded. "Okay. Yes, John, we're Sherlock's parents. We'd rather not explain right now, if it's all the same with you."
"I love my son. He is wonderful, and brilliant, and the one of the most important people in the universe, but I'm not stupid. People who don't know him the way I do…they don't understand him. He puts people off. Mycroft told me about the first time he met you. He was looking out for his brother, just like we asked him to. He said Sherlock was letting someone new into his life, and he tested you. He offered you quite a bit of money to spy on him for you, and you refused. How long had you known him, then?"
"I…I think so," he said. He'd tried to write all this down the week before, just to wrap his head around certain concepts, but it all seemed like some form of nonsensical madness.
He pulled the large volume out and set it on his knees. "I've brought my favorite book again. I know we read about two-thirds of The Hobbit already, but I think I need a bit of a break. I'm tired of doing the voices."
"No, I don't care. Well, yes, I guess I do, to an extent. I've been living with an alien and I didn't even know it."
Sherlock swung down and into the TARDIS, smirking a little. "Okay, then, you've seen the Earth. Now, where do you want to go? Anywhere in the universe, any year that was or will be. What do you want to see?"
"Seven AM, exactly," he said. "You asked that I never try to pull you out of bed before seven unless it's an emergency.
"No, Sherlock, you can't sleep," John said, not looking at his friend. It looked like he was holding a book in his hands, but there was nothing there. "You can't go to sleep."
"What you are? If he's been living here he knows everything important. You're brilliant, you're unique, and you come from an interesting family."
"Wow," John said simply, running a hand over his face as he looked over at Sherlock. "I knew you were a little odd mate, but…wow."
"I always knew. I always knew you'd fall in love," she said, brushing the hair from his face. "You can be happy with him, he'll be so good for you—"
"Home!" the Doctor said jovially, flopping down into one of the old flight seats on a bench. "For the last several centuries, at least."
Most of what they really needed was kept on the ship, but they decorated it with enough creature comforts to make it pass for a home. The only rooms with extensive decorating were the boys' rooms. Mycroft was thirteen now, and he had been redecorating recently. He hadn't painted over the trees, though. Mycroft loved the look of a forest, and the whole family had painted a mural of trees in his room.
Sherlock huffed, whirling around and giving John a tight hug. John hugged him back, albeit quite awkwardly, and the boy walked sluggishly into the TARDIS. "Bye, John! I'll see you again really soon. We're going to have fun when I'm big, right?"
"When we renovated my private office a few years ago, one of the workers found something in the wall behind my desk. He was afraid it was classified information I had hidden so, he handed it over to me immediately. I've been hanging onto it since, just in case."
"I know that. I trust you. I've never given you any reason to believe I didn't. Why is all of this coming out all of a sudden?"
John stopped shaking the man's hand, staring at the three relatively same-aged people in front of him for a moment. "I…Is that like some sort of code?"
"Yes, that's enough, you have my attention," Sherlock said, helping the man to his feet. "Lead the way! Come along, John."
"Well, that's all over now, isn't it? John knows, so you don't need to worry about me acting human."
"We hold onto these sticks and we put the string part into the water…" he said as he helped the boy cast, "and the fish get caught on the strings, and we try to catch as many as we can."
A/N: A very good question by jacks marie got me wondering about why they chose the names Mycroft and Sherlock, so here's a little ficlet to explain that. Enjoy!
Sam pulled a piece of leather from his pocket and held it up, flashing a badge. “We’re not lurking, by the way, just doing surveillance. We’re with the FBI.” The Doctor scoffed. “Well,” Sam continued, “a special division.”
"That…that's a secret too, Sherlock." They reached the door and the Doctor peered into the distance. "Mmm…that way. Go straight that way and you'll reach camp in no time. Send Redbeard ahead of you, he'll know where to go. Better hurry, if I remember right Mum's already looking for you."
"Speaking of which, since when do you dress for every time period? I assume you were having a talk with Sherlock?"
John tried to chase the memory from his head, talking aloud to himself and his patient. "Do you remember why this is my favorite?" he held up the old book. "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Someone bought me this as a joke, you know, when I was a kid. My name is in the book; Dr. John Watson. It's not that uncommon of a name, someone was bound to get it again, I guess. So, when I was ten, someone bought me this old thing as a joke on my name, and just to show them up, I read the whole thing. I just think it's funny, your last name being Holmes and all. It's like it's us in the stories, eh? I must have read it to you a hundred times by now, sorry if it's getting boring."
"Ow, no, I'm never doing that again," the Doctor shivered. "It's about as pretty as you'd imagine but way too hot."
John Watson had just walked back into the flat after work when he heard the sound of the TARDIS echoing through the rooms. He pulled off his jacket quickly, calling out for Sherlock. No one answered, and he remembered the detective saying something Lestrade calling for assistance before he went to work. The case had seemed too trivial this morning, but he had a sneaking suspicion that the severe lack of anything to do the last week had pushed Sherlock onto a relatively boring case.
She closed the door quietly behind her, poking her head in to check on Mycroft for just a moment before she slipped into her own bedroom and settled into the covers of her inviting bed. She heard quiet footsteps down the hall and smiled, recognizing them instantly. Those were not little boy footsteps.
Sherlock snorted. "Why? I don't need them to follow a simple case, John. I expect to have this one solved in minutes. It's just a way to distract myself from the doldrums of time travel." John chuckled once, and Sherlock shot him a look. "What?"
The teens face fell. "I don't understand hardly anything. I understand the dimensions we enter but-"
Redbeard turned deeper into the woods, trotting away from the camp. Sherlock followed him jogging to keep up with the dog. After a few minutes, he couldn't hear his parents anymore. He was just about to tell Redbeard they had to turn around, and then something came into view. He was very confused.
"Oh my God!" John cried, trying to free one of the conscious young men, but not being able to budge the lock. "Sherlock—we have to get them out!"
"Me?" he scoffed. "Never. Hardly ever. I mean if you take the amount of moments I have lived collectively and compare the amount of times I have been up to something it would only be…definitely less than half the time. Why are we talking about this? Everyone follow Dad. Come on."
The Doctor nodded, but John saw a bit of disappointment on his face. He smiled at Rose. "Okay. Just a quick Sunday tea with family, then."
"More than once," Rose said, hopping up onto the counter and munching on a biscuit. "She's a sweet lady. Do you want one?" she asked offering him the tin.
"Is this one of those hush-hush national security threats? You could have just sent a text at this point, I get it."
"I told him this morning that I'd be stopping by. He hasn't gone out on that boring Hofstede case, has he? It's painfully obvious that the husband did it. I suspect he just wanted to avoid me."
"No," Rose said quickly, grabbing the Doctor's arm and pulling him off the couch. "Doctor, come on, let's go see if Mrs. Hudson is back yet."
"No… I kind of like it. It shows me not to try to label my boys. They're special, always changing, and they don't like to follow the boring rules. If I start calling him 'shorty' I bet he'll be seven foot tall one day out of spite."
The Doctor stared at him, a bit shocked. "Mum and Mycroft are waiting for us," he said finally. "Another day, I promise. Go buckle up."
"I think it'd be the perfect place for a Honeymoon, too," Rose said biting her lip a bit. "What's say next week the boys stay with Grandma?"
He turned back to the Doctor and Rose, but they were smiling cheekily at his panic. John ran a hand through his hair, shaking his head. "I think I've finally gone mad."
Sherlock was six, and he was still happy to have his room decorated by his parents. Pirates were his favorite, so everything in his room had a nautical theme. There were no fake props in here, either; all of the decorations were souvenirs from their travels. The old helm hung on his wall had once been on a real pirate ship. The murals of waves were paintings they'd based on pictures from their trips to the time period.
"Sherlock," John scoffed, "this is hardly the time to get a description of the killer. We have to get these people out of here—"
"No, I have no idea who's to blame," the man stuttered, peering at Sherlock strangely. "I've just found the man, not two streets from here. His neck…oh, Lord, it's twisted around. In fact I have no idea how someone would have gotten away with such a crime in the middle of the street. No one saw anything, there were no screams—"
The Doctor turned back to Castiel as he lifted Sherlock up into his arms. “Wait, you said recent deaths. What deaths?”
Rose took John's hand quite suddenly, pulling him purposefully towards the door with her. "Don't be silly, John, it's about time we got to meet you! Mycroft's been telling us about you since the day you moved in, you have to stay. Mrs. Hudson keeps the best cakes, I'm sure she won't mind if we sneak a few back up here."
"I've found him!" she called back into the room. "Right flat, wrong room." She ran forward and pulled the tall detective into a tight hug.
“Angels don’t exist,” the Doctor said slowly. Rose saw his expression and sighed. The ‘Oncoming Storm’ was definitely gone. Now he was just the Doctor again, confronted with the possibility of a new species he had never heard of. He eased forward, holding out a hand to Castiel. “I’m the Doctor, nice to meet you. What planet are you from? How many of you are there? How did you get here?”
"Fine," Sherlock said quickly, tossing his jacket onto the floor. With two long bounds of his legs he crossed the room and hugged John tightly, taking the older man completely by surprise.
"Things have to end. Otherwise new adventures would never begin. It's not something to be afraid of, it's something to look forward to."
Dr. John Watson was only on the third page of the story when he heard a voice. He looked up, expecting to see someone at the door. There was no one there. He slowly turned his head, staring at the patient lying unconscious in the bed.
They were all frozen, watching as the grass turned redder and redder, when suddenly she realized it wasn't the grass at all. It was some sort of light emanating from between the blades.
"Not this time, Sherlock," the Doctor called from the front of the line. "No maps of this place exist. Totally uninhabited, wildlife only."
"No. Jack's been helping up with legal documents—technically the boys don't have last names yet. I'm going to let them pick one when they turn thirteen – something that really matters to them, something that reminds them of home."
John showered quickly as his kettle boiled, and then settled himself into his chair, ready to entertain himself for as long as Sherlock was mentally absent. To his surprise he had only just opened the paper when the other man spoke.
"Weeping angels have to feed. They take human lives, in a way, and who better to take than chimney sweeps? Tramps, beggars, prostitutes, anyone that old London town would never miss ends up in here. Plenty more where that came from."
"That's because time, believe it or not, doesn't really matter that much. It's not how long a life lasts that's important, it's what you do with it. Yes, people do get old. You will get old one day, a very, very long time from now, but when you do you'll have a whole life to look back on, and you'll be happy about that. You've seen more in six years than most people see in their whole lives. You're going to do great things, Sherlock Holmes."
The Doctor frowned. He hadn't meant to be so specific, but if he would one day choose to specify that this man was particularly good at watching Sherlock then there must have been a good reason. He set in the space time coordinates underneath the name as Sherlock peeked at the list.
Sherlock Holmes sat in his flat, all alone, staring at the same case file. It was a simple one, or at least it looked simple, but it seemed like it had taken forever for him to crack it. The windows of 221B Baker Street were drawn shut, and no light filtered through the dusty air. The power was out. Why was the power out? He could not remember. He would have to speak to Mrs. Hudson about that.
"You two go ahead and order us a couple," Rose called, grabbing Sherlock's arm. "Sherlock will pick up some appropriate money in the currency room, and I'll have to wear something a little more appropriate to the time. We'll meet you there."
He could feel it now. He could feel sweat stinging his pores. He gasped, trying to breathe as his vision swam. "Mum! Mum! Dad!"
The man's face twitched in response, the way it usually did when John started talking. John liked to think they had become friends, even if the man would never recognize him when he woke up. If he woke up. He shook the sad thought out of his head.
"That doesn't matter, and you're avoiding the topic. You always wanted to be like Mycroft because he was the only other person you knew who was half-Time Lord. You got it into your head that your brother was the template you should follow, no matter how different you were."
Dr. Watson dropped the book, calling loudly for Molly. He grabbed the patient's shoulders without thinking, grinning from ear to ear. "Come on. Mr. Holmes. Say something else. You can do this."
"Of course," the Doctor nodded. He tried to see around Sherlock to the body, but his son managed to be just in the way to block his view.
John sighed, rubbing the back of his own neck in sympathy. "It looks like someone grabbed his neck and twisted it all the way around," he admitted. "Look close enough and you can even see finger holds."
"Are there more?" John asked, running a hand through his hair. "The Angels I mean, are there more of them here?"
"Well," the Doctor said with a shrug, "you don't look terribly surprised to see a blue box appear in your living room, so I'm going to guess you've traveled with me before."
"I know you did it," Sherlock called. "Just come tell Mum you ate her pie and we won't turn you into the police."
John smiled, watching the little blue box materialize in front of him. It had been only a week since he'd first met Rose and the Doctor, but he was glad to see that they were safe. He found himself worrying about the couple since that first day—their chosen lot in life was dangerous work. He wondered how Sherlock could cope, never knowing if his parents were in a life or death situation. Actually, being Sherlock probably helped.
The boy frowned. Of course he knew it was a lie, this was Sherlock after all. "Where's your room, John?"
The interior was fairly simple; the building had once been a modest house. The door opened into a sitting room, empty and uncovered by carpeting or wallpaper. There were a few doors leading to other rooms and a wooden staircase to the right, leading up to the second floor.
Rose looked at him in surprise. "You're kidding right? Sherlock knows every knot to be found on a boat."
The woman seemed to know this too, based on the warning look she shot at him. "I think it's the famous Dr. John Watson that Mycroft has been telling us about." She smiled at John. "Am I right?"
"We knew you used. At least a few times before now, we knew you experimented with drugs, and we didn't do anything because we thought you were smart enough to realize how dangerous it was. It's my fault, I thought you were just trying to explore things, I thought it was a fluke. Baby, I never thought you'd get addicted."
"None," John smiled. "Thought I'd stay in. I suppose, if you're hungry, we could go get a bite later on. You should eat something, God knows when you last had a decent meal."
She shut the door behind them, leaving the two of them alone together. Sherlock looked back at him, hands in the air. "What's happening?"
John chuckled joylessly. "You bloody idiot. I don't need time to think about anything, I told you I was okay with this."
John nodded, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him, pulling the notebook and pen from his jeans and trying his best to write out a quick message to Mycroft. They sidestepped until he could reach the wall, then he punched a small hole in the wall.
She would have tickled him if she didn't know it would wake him up more than he already was. "That's it. Now I want you to take a minute to think about all of the things I've told you I've done with my life. Think a second about all of the things I've seen, all the people I've met. Everything I've ever done I've done in fifty years."
"You're staying, Sherlock. You're staying right there, in that chair, until it's all out of your system. Cold turkey." She held a hand over her mouth, her eyeliner rolling down a bit with her tears.
As soon as they were alone she turned to him, one side of her mouth pulled up in the way that he hated. It was the smile that means 'I know I'm right, Sherlock'. He shifted uncomfortably, turning away from her.
"You were taken by a Dalek, Sherlock. It's okay to be afraid when you're in danger. I was afraid, Dad was afraid, even Mycroft was afraid."
After three weeks the Doctor returned to his TARDIS, and to his delight he found the list, penned by his future self, lying in the compartment. There were some names he recognized or course; Sarah Jane Smith, Jack Harkness, Jackie Tyler, The Brigadier, Barbara and Ian, and few other he knew would be capable and willing to help him in a pinch. Some names were of people he had met, but didn't necessarily trust yet. He wondered what great act former-Prime Minister Harriet Jones must have pulled to warrant her spot on the exclusive list.
"The Adventure of The Empty House, there's a good one. It was in the spring of the year 1894 that all London was interested, and the fashionable world dismayed, by the murder of the Honorable Ronald Adair under most unusual and inexplicable circumstances..." John said from his chair, looking at the invisible book."
