” ordered a metallic voice, and Tony raised his eyes to meet an old fashioned gold-titanium alloy Iron Man mask. A moment later the helmet retracted. “We are not Skrulls. You are in another universe,” explained the man. His hair was still black, and the suit was an old model, but he was definitely him- another him.
“You have the Earths
“Tony-”
So they kept on working straight to the early morning hours until Peter fell asleep on the worktable, head pillowed on his crossed arms. Tony would have left him there, or maybe relocated him to the sofa, but Stark and Rogers didn’t seem of the same opinion.
“What if we opened a portal to another dimension, one we know to be safe,” Vision explained in his composed voice. “And then you do another jump from there to your universe?”
“I will repulsor you all the way back to your Earth.” Said Tony casually, and Peter laughed, then doubled over when Stark let him go and pouted.
He didn’t.
They worked in the lab all day. Between him and his counterpart, and some fresh thinking from Peter, the work proceeded rapidly, and the time flew by. They tackled the problem head on; but no matter what variables they changed, the simulation kept collapsing on itself.
Sometimes, Tony wondered what it would need to fill it. Pepper? The other Avengers? He didn’t know. He kept working.
“He was afraid.” Rogers said. Tony scoffed, but the soldier didn’t relent. “He had already lost Bucky. He was afraid of losing you, too. And because of that, he actually lost you both.” He clarified then. “He’s
Tony turned his gaze away again, lips thinned in a white line. “It’s what we do.” He was not the monster that Blue’s propaganda machine said.
Steve placed a hand on the back of his neck, pushed him closer, pressed their foreheads together. “I don’t know- I don’t know, Tony. I don’t know.”
“What about Mr. Fantastic?” Rogers tried again.
. No, scratch that, he needed-
“It’s 2017, Steve.”
“Mr. Parker does have a point.” Vision agreed. “Why here? Why not in the universe next to yours?”
“They made us criminals.”
“Perfect. Do it.”
“No. No Rogers, you did that yourself,” he deadpanned. And for the second time, he was about to put the phone down. This was useless. It wouldn’t solve anything anyway.
“Yeah, just slightly younger than me. And even as an adult, Reed can be a little-”
When he left the workshop with Peter in his arms, Rogers didn’t stop looking in their direction, faced closed up and somewhat sad. It was a look Tony saw too many times on Steve’s face, the look of someone who saw his past, his home, his life, trailing away in front of him and could do nothing about it.
He reached behind the neck to pull down the zipper, got naked and took a shower in the adjacent bathroom, removing the sweat and grime left by the battle and bomb blast. He was wrapping a towel around his hips when a discreet knock came to the door. “Who’s there, Friday?”
“I already had it all... Until we lost it.” Steve whispered.
and how much was Queen Veranke’s meddling.”
Friday said helpfully.
Stark smiled, the blue light from the hologram reflected on his glasses and made his hair turquoise. “I once created a crude time machine from scraps of my armor. Well- Doom gave me a hand and some spare parts of his own, or we would both be still stranded in Camelot, but you get the point…”
“I’m too old for this shit. I can’t do it.”
“That’s actually kind of funny. I dreamed about you. The whole thing since Miriam Sharpe died, every night for about a week, over and over again,” he revealed. “I saw it like I actually was you and- and it was just- too real. That’s when I began to understand it had to be another universe. Then, we found the tear in space. My theory is-”
“How do pancakes sounds to you?” Tony asked, taking the exit with the kid still under his arm.
“… Stark and Rogers tacked you in.” Yeah, Tony saw them. He checked on them through Friday because- well his counterpart was a tad too affectionate with Peter, borderline flirty and- yeah, he was Tony Stark, he flirted like he breathed, it wasn’t serious, but still Tony didn’t like it around a
“Be safe, Tony.” He said instead, voice softer. “And forgive me-
“Neither did I.” Tony replied, taking a sip. Rogers scoffed, and he did his best to ignore him. “So, if
” insisted the new Tony.
“No Spider-Baby, the right question is…” Tony pointed a finger in Vision’s direction.
“Isn’t it?” Tony cutoff. “When I brought you that matching set of pens, you almost did. You were considering signing.”
Tony smiled, a really unpleasant smile. “You two are so full of crap. Look at you…
” he parroted what he heard every night in his dream. “And
Civil War Warzone, issue #1
“I can’t. Having my own kids- it’s too dangerous.”
“It doesn’t matter. The only important thing is that we have a way back.” Tony reminded them. “Put on your red shoes and click your heals, Cap. We are going home.”
“You are not up with gossip if you think Peter still wears that costume.”
“Yeah, well… you have a history of
Cap looked up, searching his gaze. Tony could barely see the blue of his eyes in the darkness. Steve seemed-
The General startled awake, heart beating hard under his palm, breath puffing. His blue eyes stared him for a long minute while he calmed down.
“So where are you taking us?” questioned Rogers.
“Your voice is different.” Steve observed.
“Well, that helped too. I mean- I could have gone around in my birthday suit, but Rhodey would probably have been scarred for life.” Stark said, lightening the mode.
, he realized
Tony’s breath caught in his throat. His sight was better after Extremis, but it was too dark even for him. Even with Steve so closed, just a step away. He blinked, confused. “Cap… Steve- what-”
“Oh, that’s brilliant.” Tony agreed. “So it wouldn’t be universe to universe, but universe to alternate dimension to another universe. And put less strain on the space-tissue.
Tony thought briefly if it would be better keep changing or put back up the under-armor, but ultimately decide against it. It was nothing Rogers hadn’t seen before, thanks to one villain or another. “Come in” he called.
“Are we good?” questioned him the other Tony, hand still clamped on his wrist.
He closed his eyes, gripped Steve’s T-shirt. “I can’t apologize for what I did. I still believe in registration, but- but I never wanted it to go
“No. But...
– hated him.
“Not a twin, just from an alternate universe,” Stark cut in. “
“What the hell is this, Tones?” Jim Rhodes was there, keeping himself up with a hand on the wall. Every step painstakingly difficult even with the new implant.
“Every choice we make has the potential to create another universe,” confirmed Vision.
apart. And Steve – no,
“What?” Tony prompted.
. This- this thing is making me insane, I can’t stop thinking about it.”
“It’s really not. Those Skrulls are soldiers; they were following orders. We will keep them prisoner and when we find a way to get you guys back home, the Skrulls will go too,” Tony explained, stressing the last part. “They can’t stay here. They are not from this universe.”
Tony closed his hands into fists. Everything inside him was screaming
Stark nodded. Now that they were walking side by side, Tony noticed his other self was a little bit taller. To his eyes, he looked still a bit dazed, but his voice was firm when he replied: “Keep your hands away from it. I know you are dying of lust and can’t wait – I would feel the same – but the suit will not work for you. Not without Extremis.”
“We’ve been stuck- in
A flash of blinding light and they went all flying. Vision managed to go intangible just in time, Tony cracked his head through the wall tunnel, and Spider-Man was splattered with the shallow water, coughing and moaning.
“I didn’t know you could make jokes.”
“Thanks,” he remembered his manners. “What can I do for you, gentlemen?”
“I think you are great too, Mr. Stark.” Peter replied with a shy smile. “The greatest.”
Tony woke up with a start. Throat closed, chest constricted, heart beating. He was still breathing, still alive. Did the bomb blow? Steve. Steve! Where was Steve? Lights came up at twenty percent.
He thought of the three men who just vacated the room.
“You are not so bad either.” He replied. “Nice glasses. They look good on us.”
Designing the machine for opening the portal took less than a day. It was mostly Stark’s work, really; Tony only helped a little. What he really did was study and memorize anything he could, graciously taking the lesson from his older self.
“The bomb caused it. Bellcurve was designed to take away any non-tech power. But the energy it stole-”
“… Yes.” He replied, quite pleased with himself.
“I really don’t care. Go to him, or go to bed. Go wherever you want. Just go away,” Tony snarled, and Rogers finally got the message. He was finally alone.
, Steve. I call myself a
“You can’t blame yourself for that-”
“Then talk,” conceded Stark, while buttoning the shirt. At least they were looking at each other, now.
“You can’t say shit like that.”
“What can I do for you, General?”
“Uh- yeah,” Peter said distractedly. He was checking the progress like a good little scientist. “Sorry, didn’t mean to fall asleep on you last night.”
“Do we?” Tony wasn’t looking at him, more invested in putting on some pants.
“So, first question…” Tony announced, clapping his hands and stroking them with enthusiasm.
Stark suited up while the others trailed in. Rogers was in full Captain America costume too. Vision, Rhodey, and Peter escorted in the two shackled and unconscious Skrulls. Other than that, they were just there to say goodbye. The President hugged Rhodey first; then a compliant Vision; but when he stopped in front of Peter, he hesitated. “Can I?” he asked quietly like he was expecting a no for an answer. Spider-Man’s only reply was to open his arms in invitation. Stark almost lifted him off the floor. “I should have suit up later.” He realized. “Can I keep you?”
- If I had know-”
“You were amazing down there. You didn’t even hesitate to come with me. And if it wasn’t for you…”
“How did you do that?”
“Yup, that’s me,” he said, taking away his mask. The beam didn’t hurt humans, just forced Skrulls to reveal their real aspect. He wasn’t a Skrull. “So there’s a Spider-Man in your universe too, huh?” Peter continued nervously.
Of course, it was in the sewers, so no one noticed the bright crack of light in the tunnel. It was like a crooked smile floating mid-air.
“It is of no consequence.” Vision reassured him, offering him again the glass half full. Tony noted that he didn’t bring one for Steve. That was practically hostile from the android.
“It couldn’t. Unless…” reflected Vision.
The cell phone was there in the drawer beside the bed. He never used it. Never even turned it on. Never thought of doing it. Until now.
” he shut his eyes tighter, refusing to break again. “I’m really sorry for that, I am Steve, I
” Tony informed him before leaving him more space to breathe. “It seems we are in another universe.”
“I think we do... I want to.”
“Woah, woah! Wait a second, Mr. Stark, I’m not one of those green aliens. They are webbed down there in the back,” the kid – he was evidently a kid for some reason – blurted out. “I’m just your friendly neighborhood-”
“Things are not going to be the same.”
“Come on Spidey, time to call it a night,” his counterpart announced, shaking his shoulder. The kid only grumbled and kept on sleeping. Stark exchanged a look with the General and shrugged. “I’ll take him.”
?” Spider-Man squawked.
“Don’t take this wrong, Mr. Stark, but- I’m not all that sure that I like the other you.” He admitted. “He said something to me yesterday. And... I get that he’s probably trying to protect me but- but we are
Vision gave them the rest of the tour. Explained about Friday and showed them to their rooms. The one assigned to him was common, almost spartan. As much as any room designed by a Stark could be spartan, anyway. That meant a bed, a wardrobe, a desk, and any kind of tech you could possibly need. In front of the wardrobe already hung a suit, probably one of his counterpart’s. Tony put a hand through his white hair. He felt naked without the armor especially in an unknown place like this. But, well… he guessed a suit was better than going around in the skintight onesie. Just another kind of armor.
“Yes, Mr. Parker?”
Casualties of War.
. And he just doesn’t
“You could, Steve. It’s not too late-”
Stark smirked. “Maybe one day you’ll see for yourself.” He turned his gaze on the machine. They were good to go. They didn’t need to fly to a specific location because the first jump would be to a parallel dimension. “Thank you- for saving us.”
Tony nodded.
“You hated me too, Tony.”
“Or…” Vision pondered. “Maybe our current situation resonated with yours.”
“Unless there’s a tear in the space’s tissue! See, I can do the completing each other’s sentences too!” exclaimed Spider-Man, jumping down to the pavement.
“You should kill them,” the General deadpanned.
“How did I get to my bed last night?”
He thought of Steve’s smile welcoming him home after a long meeting. Clint and Pietro bickering on the sofa. Reading stories to Cassie before bedtime… It was all gone, another life. Tony shook his head. “You could still have it. You age so slowly- and any woman would be happy to call you their husband. It’s not too late.”
Tony brought slowly down his coffee, placing the cup on the worktable with excessive care. “Come again?”
At the same time, Friday announced:
“Who’s strange?”
Tony stood up and walked to the window, put an arm against it and his forehead on his fist. The air was cold between his bare legs. “I don’t know, anything. Everything.”
“Where are we?” Steve questioned in his best Captain voice.
“Maybe I am.” Rogers looked at the palms of his hands like they held the answer. “Most days I don’t like the man I see in the mirror very much.”
“Kind of the expert in inter-dimensional travel. Nice guy,” Rogers assured.
“I had to modify Maya’s version. It’s a long story. Was a long time ago. I was dying, didn’t had much of a choice,” he said flippantly, walking around like he owned the place. Rogers looked up sharply at the last bit, shock clearly written in his eyes, but didn’t say anything.
Tony blinked a couple of time. “What time is it?”
“Is that what aliens look like? I totally shouldn’t have quoted Doctor Who, right? Oh boy... Mr. Stark, what  are we gonna do with them?”
, to be
“We have a kid here. We can do that kind of things anymore.”
He felt hollow. There just was this empty hole in his chest that he didn’t know how to fill. It didn’t hurt exactly; it was numb. Sometimes, just for a moment, he could fill it with Peter’s smile, with Vision’s voice, with Rhodey’s presence. But it wasn’t enough. And Tony didn’t know what else could it take. He felt like he was missing something, some fundamental piece without whom he couldn’t work, he shouldn’t work. But instead he was going on, and on, and on…
Tony was trembling.
she said promptly.
Six fucking years. Compared to that, their Civil War was like a kindergarten squabble. And Bucky Barnes – even a
“Yes, that too,” the android said. “
” he replied harshly. “You think
“Did you just make a joke?” Peter said surprised.
Steve’s face crumbled. “Sorry.”
“He has Asperger’s,” Stark chided. “We are friends. Good friends.”
“I’ll have to take the shield too,” Tony said, without really looking at the General. This Steve Rogers was different from the one he knew. The military buzz cut and olive green cargo pants gave him a really Schwarzenegger look. His skin was sun-baked to a gold-brown tinge. His hair bleached by sunlight. And somehow he looked older; every line in his face seemed to be cut deeper and harsher. But the voice was the same, the same baby-blue eyes, same plush mouth. Tony couldn’t stand it. “Don’t worry. I already have one to match it in storage.”
Tony shrugged. “The universe closest are the most similar to one another, generated by a singular event that changed something, making them just slightly different from the one next door.” He explained. “Maybe there our counterparts are already dead; or we were too late, and the Skrulls won.  Maybe, in the next universe, there isn’t anyone who could find us... Or maybe this one was the fastest to figure it out.” He concluded, patting Stark’s back.
“Ten points to Ravenclaw. You two are totally Ravenclaws. So the thing is: I’m doing the same dream, over and over again, and I’m pretty sure I’ve seen one of this alternate universes.”
Tony was astonished. He never thought he would ever hear Steve Rogers talking about murder so casually. “Do you kill every alien coming down to your Earth? What about Asgardians? What about people like Loki? Thor?”
“Well, on the bright side, the tear is closed,” Iron Man assured, while Peter took off the mask from his mouth. “On the other side…” he trailed off.
“What do you guys know about the
, so we shouldn’t be so surprised.”
” Peter concluded, mimicking the demolition of something with his hands.
a killer. Wow. Priceless. That’s really rich coming from you. No, Steve Rogers isn’t dead. He just isn’t
“I’m glad
“I brought you something,” Stark said, and Tony immediately snatched the cup from his hand and gulped down a good quarter of it.
The Amazing Spider-Man: Civil War, issue #532.
“No, just plain old me. I don’t want to be the president of anything at all.”
Steve gulped but didn’t turn his gaze away. “Yes.”
Tony telepathically ordered the gauntlets to detach, and they went back to the suit. The other one – his counterpart’s – was clearly less advanced, maybe a Mark 50 or 57. But how could he-
- we aren’t going to do the same mistake they did, right?” The kid said uncertain yet somewhat angrily, stopping in the middle of the corridor. He didn’t wait for an answer either. “Things are different here. I don’t care what he says.
.” He put a hand over them. “You can’t say shit like that.”
should have. I’ve wanted to come to you
“Tony-”
“Thank you, V,” the genius smiled, touched. “I’m a president here too?” then asked, looking at his counterpart.
A moan made them all look down. Steve was waking up. Peter and this universe’s Stark prudently took a step back. Tony had no idea what kind of reaction Rogers would have to seeing him there – just an hour ago they were still enemies – but it was better than letting him see two copies of his friends. So he put a hand on his chest and bent down to occupy his entire field of vision.
Tony froze mid-step.
“We should have died there.”
“Alright,” Iron Man let his wrist go. “I took the liberty of taking away your armor. We needed to see if you were fine. The rest of it is just there beside the door.”
“Spaced out. Cold,” concluded Rogers.
risk it.”
But… fuck, that seemed so real. He felt every punch, every kiss, every heartbreaking second of it. Six years. Six years of a superheroes’ Civil War.
” Rhodey took a deep breath, pinching the bridge between his eyes. “Okay. Two Tony Starks. Okay” he whispered.
“Nice mustache,” Stark admitted.
“So?” the General prompted.
“Did you detect any strange readings during my sleep?”
- what the hell happened to you, Rogers? What happened to
Barnes – was one of his? How could that seem real to any Tony and Steve? Barnes would never choose anyone but Rogers.
“Are we dead?” he rasped out.
“You’re going to make me cry, kid. It’s too early. And I have a bad heart, you know?” Tony babbled, starting walking again. “Shut up. Let’s go have breakfast.”
The lab at the compound wasn’t nice or flashy like the one in the Tower. It still felt new, unfamiliar. But it contained everything Tony could possibly need, so it had to do. There was someone keeping him company, he knew. Peter, until Happy took him back to Aunt May for the night. Rhodey, at some point. Vision helped him for several hours, but eventually, he had to go recharge too. And Friday. Of course, there was always Friday. For the entirety of the day, he’d never been truly alone.
“Hey.” Tony felt mildly uncomfortable – Rogers was blocking the only way out – but didn’t want to show it, so he decided to keep going like nothing happened and went back to changing his clothes.
, Mr. Stark.” Peter declared looking him straight in the eyes, jaw set in a stubborn line.
Tony shook his head to clear his vision. The readings inside the mask were all trembling and stuttering, not helping with the vertigos. When the visual returned clear, he blinked twice or ten times.
?” He said instead.
Steve’s hands fell. “I really am sorry, Tony.”
you let him leave alone? Go with him, for fuck’s sake.”
“I’m more concerned with something else,” Rogers said though. “What have you done with the Skrulls?”
- for almost two years,” Tony stressed and, so close, he watched comprehension downing in those piercing, hackingly beautiful blue eyes.
“I didn’t name the Iron after me, you know?” he said instead. “I chose that name because I wanted the nation to be
“I’m sorry. He’s right about this,” Stark replied. “You don’t have any idea of what the Skrulls are capable of. They are stronger than humans; they can shapeshift and become anyone else. They sometimes even have the powers of the Fantastic 4.
The tear was right in the middle of Manhattan. It emitted a reading they had never seen before, almost undetectable. If Tony didn’t dream the Divide, the canyon sized rift between the Iron and the Blue, he probably would never have found it. Here was where it all started, when it all went to shit, right under the point where the heroes teleported from Project 42.
The General’s eyes met President Stark’s gaze. “Sometimes you have to accept the alternative would be worst,” he declared.
Vision was already hovering there, studying the scene.
Tony frowned, pensive. “Sounds familiar. Isn’t he a kid?”
“I don’t-”
“Yeah. I noticed.”
“I’m guessing he’s older in your universe?” Tony ventured.
“What is it?” Tony asked him.
That was the moment he really looked around them. They were both laid on a big table, inside what he quickly recognized as a quinjet. Everything had that particular shade of steel gray. Next to them, sticking to the wall, was Spider-Man. Not Peter Parker as he remembered him but Spider-Man in his old red and blue costume.
“I’m kind of glad we didn’t.”
“Reed,” Stark said surprised. “You don’t even have a Reed Richards? Oh boy…”
“Do I really look like that?” the voice startled him. It was so fucking strange to hear his own voice when he wasn’t talking.
? It sounds like a stripper name,” Tony grinned.
“They don’t know him yet, so no.”
That’s was why, when Peter’s face darkened, he noticed immediately. “What is it, kid?”
“No, I didn’t- I could
Oh God, he was so young…
Was all that just a dream? It wasn’t fading away like the usual dreams. Every detail was still painstakingly clear.
“Mr. Fantastic? Who calls himself
They fell silent, a breath and still a mile away.
“No,” Stark deadpanned.
He covered his eyes with a hand.
“We are holding them in a Hulk-proofed cell here, for the moment. A certain Captain proved the Raft isn’t all that secure after all, so we don’t have a better location right now,” Tony replied sipping from his cup, utterly unconcerned.
However, for one night, he would stay. For one night, he’d pretend that everything was fine, and he wasn’t thinking about leaving the duo behind. There was no denying in a small, twisted sense, he loved them.
It was rare that the two men actually slept, but tonight was an exception.
It didn’t take long for the two to finish the meal set in front of them. Clint, whom had been watching the two the entire meal, immediately pushed the cake towards the little boy. It seemed as if the man truly wanted to win the love of the child, even it was by means of bribery.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter looked up; big brown eyes wide as he pouted softly. “Nope, Bambi. You’re eating real food first.”
With one arm wrapped snugly around Peter’s waist, the soldier spun on his heel and carried the child away from the room towards the kitchen, intent on getting some of the cookies done before Tony woke. He figured having something from the kiddo would make the older genius a little happier when he found himself in bed with a super soldier.
He couldn’t stop the laugh, Loki was one tricky bastard. The god had easily conceded to the soldier’s request, but he had not completely changed the girl, no, woman in front of him.
With that, the suits began to drag the group towards the ship, Rhodey and Peter struggled the most, but couldn’t stop themselves from being thrown into the awaiting transport. Slowly, the door closed behind them, leaving only a large viewing window that was flanked by two iron man suits that had remained on the ship to keep the group from doing anything stupid.
The team had believed it, although Bruce was a consistent presence in the lab. If he was unavailable, someone would hang around to ask questions, or simply to observe and make sure things were going alright.
Something clicks in his memory as he sees a figure standing in the kitchen, leaning over the stove top as the smell of bacon permeates the air. A feeling of dread he doesn’t begin to understand swallowing him up long enough for the soldier to notice him.
“Would you like me to patch you through to his communicator sir?” Jarvis asked, “he hasn’t removed it since this afternoon.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Take him to the living room, Buck.” Steve’s voice was faint as he spoke to the other soldier, Tony coming up for only a moment before sinking under the waves of turmoil again. “I don’t want the kid to see him like this.”
Tony nodded, and the camera shut off.
The blond holding Tony chuckled at the words, nodding before he bumped his arm up so that Tony’s head lolled back to resting against his chest.
Tony would have never thought his paternal instincts would be great with his childhood, but there was something so natural about having little Peter that his motions were automatic. One hand moved to hold the boy gently on the back, his hip cocking ever slightly to the side to accommodate the extra weight of the child as he turned and left the restroom, pajamas in hand.
“As for the rest of you,” Steve’s voice brought him back to the present. Bucky glanced around, noticing that the leaders of their security teams were frightened, even if they didn’t look as cowed as the technicians had. Someone had dragged the body away.
------------------------------------------------
Looking down, the genius felt his heart stop. It was a little boy clad in what looked like Captain America pajamas. He had curly brown hair that was extremely soft to the touch, and a little button nose that scrunched up whenever Tony made the slightest of movements. His lashes were long, resting against rosy skin as he slept soundly beside him.
“You mean where we will escape to,” she corrected.
“So what is the plan?” Pepper asked, apt at changing the subject.
Happy, May, and Pepper would move ahead to Wakanda in a separate craft. It would be easier to keep the group that was on the mission smaller, in case anything went wrong and they were ambushed. The vehicle that would take them to Wakanda was smaller than the rescue craft, and the stealth mode was almost perfect.
Rogers jumped to his feet from where he’d been lounging on the sofa, Bucky at his heels as the two men practically trampled over the tech to get to the monitor room.
“I’ll fix the bots,” Tony broke the silence between himself and the soldier. “Obviously, a little less tough this time.”
Throwing the remote on the table, he made himself comfortable. Ready to watch some bad, but likely soothing films.
“You weren’t prepared!?” Bucky exploded.
“I’ll humor you kid, what’s your plan?” He felt absolutely sapped, all the high emotions sending him on a plummet to simple exhaustion.
“Thirteen years old and Howard was already exploiting you.” He scowled. “You made all those designs without realizing that they’d actually be put into production. That was the first time he really tried to run your name through the mud.”
“Asshole,” he mumbles without thinking.
“Just because I have good reflexes, doesn’t mean you have to toss things at me when you’re bored,” Peter grumbled, placing the tool down as he looked over the equations on the Stark Pad on his lap. He ignored the muffled giggle from the genius across the room.
She paused for a moment, hesitant to agree. But the woman could count on a single hand how many times she had seen Tony Stark so close to crying, and reached out so that she could grab onto his trembling limb. “I promise.”
Tony found that he could barely catch his breath, now at least knowing that there wasn’t a giant being trying to crush him for his cheap shot in the bathroom. The arm wrapped around his waist didn’t let up, although the blond man did straighten to look down at the panting billionaire.
He nodded, not at all bothered by the lack of information. She was obviously being held against her will but had been smart enough to figure out that he was in the same situation.
The man pulled back and ran a hand through Tony’s hair, an old habit that they used to share consistently. “Tony, would you listen to me with an open mind?”
“Run Peter!” He made himself scream, watching through the fog as his kid turned to cast a look of horror over his shoulder.
Laughter bubbled from the man on the bed, and soon enough the entire room was following in his footsteps. They finally relaxed, glad to be amongst each other. Tony, knowing that his family was safe in the bunker, finally allowed himself to drift under with the help of whatever drugs they were pumping through his system.
Inwardly, the genius had cursed the Avengers as he did his best to keep Peter distracted. So, unlike most days, he’d gone to sleep without worrying about nightmares, exhausted.
“Mr. Stark,” a voice interrupted his thoughts.
Very slowly, as to not alarm the panicking man, Peter lifted Tony’s hand and placed it on his own chest. He took deep breaths, urging the genius to follow along.
The genius hummed, it made sense. Jarvis had been stretched very thin when he had been tasked with the rescue mission. The control of so many appliances at once had spread his data farther than Tony had ever done, and while he had been built to withstand almost anything, this mission had been a surprise.
Tony groaned, rolling his eyes and looking at Rhodey for back up. What he received in return was an amused smile and a subtle shake of the head.
When the blond finally sat up to look at Tony, the smug expression in the blue eyes did nothing to quell the hunger that was already rising in his stomach.
“I hate you,” the words were monotone.
“Me too,” the quiet reply. Lifting his eyes to meet the one’s that resemble his own, Tony frowned.
“Goodbye,” the genius spoke just as the ship moved forward and away, a last glimpse of tear streaked faces as they disappeared into the night.
“Wh-wh-who are you?” He stutters, glad the red hue is still holding him up, as otherwise he’d have collapsed on the floor.
“Please Brucie… please. We can talk about this, just put it down gently.” He moved forward, freezing when the creature lifted the server over his head.
“Is the water okay?” He asked absentmindedly, already scrubbing away the little bit of oatmeal that had gotten on the man.
“Steve!” He all but whimpered, sobbing in broken cries as he tried to breathe.
“Dad?” The kid whispered again.
“I knew Jarvis wasn’t taking stock!” Rhodey shouted, already starting towards the door that led to the escape ship.
When Tony finally wakes up enough to register that he’s in a completely different room, its to feeling better than he has in a while. His stomach hurts from hunger, but his fever seems to finally be breaking and he’s encompassed in warmth.
The water was coming, and there was nothing that Tony could do to stop it. He tried but failed to hold his breath on time, and immediately started to flail when he was dunked into the dark bucket.
“I’m so sorry, Steve. I did… I do love you, both of you. But it’s not right. It’s not real, it’s too much and I can’t… I can’t do this anymore!” He lifted his other hand and aimed the blaster from his palm at the arm that Steve was holding.
Pepper had been the loudest to vocalize her disapproval, but stopped when Tony threw her a serious look. “I didn’t stay down after Afghanistan, Pep… I have to do this. I have to show them that I’m not afraid.”
“Let’s rinse you off,” Steve murmured gently to the trembling mess in his arms.
Bruce went down like a rock… for a moment.
“How old are you?” Peter asked.
“Let’s go,” Steve nodded, dismissing the enforcers as he and Bucky turned to walk out of the building. They didn’t even need to put on more than their dark jeans and shirts, the world feared them enough without a mask.
Natasha didn’t hesitate, pulling Peter into her arms and settling the boy in her lap as she sat cross-legged in front of the pile of Legos.
Bucky buried his face into the crook of Tony’s neck, not bothering to ask for permission. “We always wanted a third to take care of, but it was so hard. Your dad was good, but he had so many bad qualities. We promised we’d protect him, but obviously, that didn’t happen. He was little, but he didn’t have the heart we were looking for.”
While his body is still heavy, head still stuffy and eyes half lidded, he is more aware of the man in the bed with him.
--------------------------------
Another bang sounded, this one bringing more light and getting the intruders even closer to breaking into the facility.
“The gate’s closed,” Peter frowned, informing the group as he finally made it to the graveyard. “Should I just jump over the fence, or scale it like a normal person?”
It takes a few minutes, but the sound of a crackle from the other side and Carol’s amused voice sends Tony springing forward. “Wow, you actually sound your age kid!”
It was only because of his history with the press that Tony managed to hide the fact that he was slowly stealing pieces of tech that he was given. Rationing them to create a carefully constructed suit to aid Carol in her eventual escape.
Peter, whom enjoying teasing the man, had climbed onto the ceiling and used some of the webbing to cling upside down above the unmoving genius.
(See the end of the chapter for
However, if Afghanistan hadn’t kept him down, neither would the soldiers.
It was only when the spray of the water came down, Tony sitting on a stool someone had put in the room before he’d gotten there, that he spoke.
The genius looked wide eyed at everyone in the room, unwilling to process what they had heard. And then, his chest hurt, and the room spun. Tony couldn’t remember what happened after that, sinking into the darkness with Peter’s screams still echoing in his ears.
“But you do have a lab, yes?” Loki spoke for the first time, raising his own brow at the genius. “You’re brilliant, to not put that to use would be an absolute waste of a soul.”
His legs were weak, and he didn’t want to give the men an opportunity to grab him if he fell, so Tony moved and settled as far away from Steve on the sofa as he could.
Bucky stood, starting to walk towards them when the animal hissed at him. Tony laughed, “you can absolutely keep him.”
“It’s movie night,” Steve explains without being prompted. “And you haven’t eaten. We figured you could join the team and eat with us. Want to join us? Or would you prefer to stay here sweetheart?”
“You don’t look so good, doll.” Bucky all but whispered. “Haven’t been sleeping or eating much, I hear.” The man set down the platter he had in his hand onto the side table, raising a brow at the ruffled looking Tony.
The same primal instinct that had overcome the genius in the living room when he’d first heard Peter crying seemed to fill him. Immediately, the slumped figure stiffened and he sat up, placing Peter on the floor and turning so that his body was physically between the child and the door. Without having to think, his hand flew towards the doorknob and checked the lock.
Tony Stark truly was a genius.
Tony only hoped he’d get to see what the suit would look like before she disappeared from his life forever.
While the soldiers are paranoid, it seems like it’s only about the two of them leaving the property. The only thing the men left in the room that would serve as a form of communication outside from normal speaking, is the baby monitor. And at the moment, Tony switches it off and plugs it in in case they question why he didn’t leave it turned on.
Despite the shards of glass on his feet, he moves quickly, tracing the thing around the side of the house, to the back. He walks past the lake he had spotted, around the whole thing, and back up the little hill until he can see the front drive again. Despair starts to claw its way into the pit of his stomach, and Tony scrambles forward to get to where he had started his search.
Steve grinned. The curfew had been put in place the day after the press conference. They hadn’t broadcast the new hours as they weren’t sure if Tony could see anything other than what was televised. So, they had put up fliers, posters, and had people announce it the old-fashioned way.
When he opened his eyes again, it was to a completely different room. He’d been put into the bedroom, curled between the two super soldiers who were obviously wide awake.
Catching a glimpse of the two soldiers, Tony frowned, “what?”
The genius grins, smile weary and tired as he looks her in the eye. “I’m not worried about myself here. I’m worried about you. I know that you want out, but you can’t do it with someone like me trailing behind you. What if you were coming to the lab to free me, and got caught?” He shakes his head, thinking of all the things they’d both see if she didn’t get away successfully.
Her beautiful green eyes turned to face the blond, determination ready. “You will burn in hell for your crimes.” She spat.
Reaching a tentative hand forward, Tony cringes when it meets an invisible barrier. He sprawls his hands then, desperately trying to find a way around whatever it is. Back on his feet, the genius stumbles and staggers across the property, Bucky quietly trailing behind him as he tries to find an end to the wall.
Nodding along, Peter swept under the arms and onto his feet, turning so he could face Tony whom was still leaning on the now empty chair. “And you can’t genius without a brain, too!”
Without even an ounce of hesitation Steve Rogers pivoted where he stood and ran at full speed towards the craft. The determination in his eyes was evident as he refused to take his gaze away from Tony, throwing his shield up blindly to dodge a blast from Rhodey as he ran.
He was instantly cut off from continuing as arms wrapped around him, and Tony buried his face in the kids shoulder, looking as if he were going to break down crying at any moment. Peter frowned, hugging the man back as he tried to understand why things had gone so emotional so quickly.
No one spoke, but no one had to say a word.
“We’ll celebrate when you’re on your feet, in a week.” Pepper’s voice was dry, no room for arguments or negotiations.
One vigilante, whom had been running from the group, was young. Too young.
Tony believed it, and right then and there decided he’d do whatever he could to make sure she got out of the building alive.
“Flerken is the best cat daddy, you’ll see!” Peter said cheerfully, smiling brightly when the door opened to reveal a changed Bucky holding a pile of clothes.
When the attack had occurred, Carol had managed to overpower the team by collapsing the ceiling in the training room on top of them. Never mind that the thing had been reinforced with steel, but that her powers had returned without any of them knowing. She had blasted a hole straight into the side of the building and flown out in a suit that had appeared from her wrist like magic.
Tony was getting nervous.
“Dad,” the word came out as a whisper.
“But despite all of this, you still didn’t want people getting hurt,” the blond looked impressed. “Tony, you left that desert hell and came back to change things for the better. When you were betrayed, you just burned brighter. You stopped weapons production; you donated so much money and helped technology develop all over the world. You put an end to the horrible things your father started and refused to take credit. Even as Iron Man, you wouldn’t do press releases or even take photos for the press, you just did what you had to do because it was the right thing to do!”
“Fuck you,” he growled. “I will never, ever agree to be with either of you. You disgust me.”
When he got out, there was a lot of steam in the bathroom, and Tony absolutely loved it. He took his time getting dried and throwing on the clothing that made him match the teenager of the home.  Looking down at the shirt, he laughed and shook his head. It boldly stated, “A hug without U is just toxic” with a large picture for the periodic table mercury element.
It was quick, unexpected, and caught the man so off guard that he could only stare ahead blankly in shock.
Thinking about getting out of the house, of using his hands… His body wasn’t as achy as it had been because of the de-aging, Tony could build something interesting without suffering all the aches that came with the physical labor.
His friend hadn’t felt a loss about it, like Rhodey she had absolutely fallen for taking care of the tired genius beside her.
“See you soon,” Steve nodded.
Tony crumbled completely, ugly sobs filling the room as the ball that he had so tightly put together burst into jagged little pieces. He wrapped himself so tightly around Peter that the kid could feel every single motion, body shaking terribly in the shock of everything that had happened.
“I think it looks like vomit,” Clint stage whispered when Peter tried to turn his whole body away from the soldier and the offending meal, facing Tony whom had sat on his other side.
Knowing that he couldn’t fight it, Tony had merely nodded at the words and followed the former American hero down the hall. Everything was back to how it had been, where most, if not all, of the team made an effort for mealtimes together.
One week later and Tony was more compliant than they’d ever seen him.
It was at eight that night when the lights flickered, before the power went out. Jarvis was still up, and began to explain that someone was trying to hack into the system to open the bunker doors. The A.I. sounded panicked, telling the genius that it wasn’t too late for the man to escape, even if he had erased all information on Wakanda from the database.
Fortunately, or not depending on one’s point of view, everything that had happened was quite exhausting and he was finding himself coming in and out of consciousness. Tony was so caught up in his thoughts he didn’t notice as the bedroom door creaked open, eyes half-lidded.
He was spoon fed soup and made to lay down between them, two arms covering his body to keep him warm.
Before the kid could reply Tony hoisted himself to his feet using the hand as leverage. And promptly, the world spun and Peter’s entire body became the only thing holding him up. With a groan he heard an alarmed cry, and felt two arms wrap around his waist and lift him up. He would have panicked, but he recognized Rhodey’s voice coming from the chest where he lay his head.
Tony doesn’t know how to react. Would it be suspicious to get too excited? Would they take away the lab? We’re they so trusting that they would let him have access to something potentially deadly?
When Tony buried his face into the shirt of the frame before him, he was immediately flooded with a familiar smell. The pine and clean laundry mix brought his anxiety down, and the genius found himself settling down. It chased away the fear, the absolute fear.
“What are you watching?” Tony inquired, turning in the hold so that he was resting with Steve’s arm serving as a pillow, half his body on the other man.
He could see that they wanted to protest. No one missed how the genius would wince when he tried to walk, or that he hadn’t tried to build anything because his hands would shake terribly. But Tony was stubborn, and soon enough he was left alone to shower, with a promise that his clothes would be right outside the door.
“Really kid, this is why you’re still single as a teenager, you know?” Tony grinned, standing up so that he could look down at his semi-younger body. “I would say I’m about twenty-one or two at the moment.” As the words left the man’s mouth, they started to slow as if he were coming to a horrible realization.
“And you need my help with what, exactly?” Tony inquired.
The second victim had been a man caught trying to rob a convenience store, and while he hadn’t been an international terrorist, nothing would stop him from following in the prior man’s footsteps. When he had screamed Tony didn’t bother trying to hold back the tears streaming down his face. He figured that someone should cry for the poor victim.
The blond quickly shakes his head in disagreement, trying to swing so that he can wrap his arms around the suit. He fails each time as Tony maneuvers in a way that keeps him hanging in the air. The blood going to Tony’s head as he dangles upside down.
Didn’t see the supers who did their damn best to hide their powers, not wanting to become soldiers. How children were taken from parents when they showed signs of having powers. How families suffered, how the world suffered. The man only saw the end goal, not the things happening on the journey.
Tony nodded, turning as he heard Rhodey call for him.
“I promise,” he confirmed. “Now, if Uncle Clint listens to the instructions, can he help us build this…” he trailed off, glancing at the box. “Falcon?”
“They’re strong, but they can’t fly.” He explained softly. “War Machine flew us up, we got on the plane just before it went into camo mode.”
Stress that he hadn’t realized had started to tighten his shoulders disappeared, letting the man droop down onto the mattress. Peter hadn’t been taken away.
The fear, adrenaline, and confusion are making him more tired, and Tony only wishes to go back to bed.
Brown eyes, almost glowing amber in hatred and fury, raised to meet those of the man in front of him. Anger so dark that Tony couldn’t even begin to name it was roaring in the back of his head, telling him to attack the Captain so he couldn’t harm another human again.
Tony barely registers what is happening, his eyes focused past Bucky’s shoulder as he tries to come to terms with his new reality. What had happened? How had they found him? Why was there a sense of foreboding in his gut, like he had forgotten something important? How had they put up an invisible barrier around the house?
He glanced down again, at the unmarred skin. Sure, there were tiny scars from his life that he had carried, but nothing from the incident that had… how had he gotten injured? He had been injured, right?
There was an explosion of sound as Rhodey and Pepper started to protest. They didn’t notice how the brunettes shoulder straightened, how the weak glint in his eye disappeared to something extremely determined as he stared straight ahead.
Life is a little hectic, I could tell you all that's happened but it's a LOT. I'll try to update soon, the next chapter will definitively have the moment a lot of you are excited for, Peter Parker interaction. It took me a long time to write this chapter, I didn't want to just jump into it. I hope you enjoyed this update! You guys are fantastic! <3
Seven days.
Not wanting to see his friend and mentor hurting, Peter immediately nodded his head, not quite sure what he was promising. “I promise, I won’t blame myself, but-“
“How old were you?” Tony asks.
I have an idea where I'm taking this now, so while I can't promise quick updates, I can promise that it WILL get updated. Thank you for enjoying my twisted story and I hope you keep enjoying it. You guys are AWESOME!
Stark men are made of iron.
His heart, however, had a different plan as it froze in an astounding amount of fear, panic, and hopelessness. Because at the tip of his consciousness, just before he lost his hold on reality, Tony heard a voice cry out in rage.
The blue eyes were twinkling with a warmth that Tony hadn’t seen in quiet a while, and something in his stomach burned at the thought that the man next to him thought he was in love with Tony. Was obsession love?
Instead of the quick-witted quip the man would usually make, followed by an inappropriate suggestion, Tony had dissolved into a quivering mess faster than any of the other men could move to stop it. Fortunately, he had already been sitting down or he would have collapsed onto the ground.
And Tony sunk into nothing.
The redhead laughed before standing, taking both their empty dishes and throwing them in the sink. It was weird, seeing her in civilian clothing when she moved like a predator stalking their prey.
Tony was so concentrated on what was happening in front of him, he didn’t notice that someone else had entered the room. The blond nodding behind the genius’ back to permit the Hulk to do exactly as he wanted.
He sees the blue eyes look down at him, a gentle smile lifting the corner of Steve’s lips. The warmth slowly sends him back into oblivion.
They had both quieted down upon seeing the house in which resided their resident superhuman. Tony had let out a whistle, trying to figure out just how they were going to hide the craft in plain sight, when the only area that didn’t have some sort of tall plant was almost directly on the property.
Dodging to the left, Tony ignored how the suit tore right into the computer monitors on the wall. He wasn’t used to the power that the new suit harnessed, but there was no way he wasn’t excited to be in it again.
In response, Steve merely frowned, shook his head, and started towards the door. He opened it after swiping at the button again, calling out into the hallway to bring in the next one.
“For the love of… put me down Steve.” He glanced down the stairs. “You want me safe? Then let’s not tumble down the stairs, yeah?”
Tony flexed his hands.
Jumping off the crate, the genius ambled towards the sofa and collapsed on it. He couldn’t help any of the group with his hands in bad shape, so he may as well amuse them while they worked in the silence of the warehouse.
Clint laughed, moving forward anyway as he lifted the tired genius from the bed and into the chair. The oxygen tank was mobile, and quickly attached to the wheelchair as if it had been created specifically for that reason.
Loki throws his head back and laughs.
“We decided that the easiest way to keep Peter safe, was to de-age him.” Steve tagged on. “But truly de-age him. We’ve used Loki to help both times, but he also helped with memories in the serum, this time around.”
“You sure make an entrance, doll. Looks like me and Stevie are going to have to take real good care of you, since you won’t be able to use that leg and all.” The man drawled almost directly into his ear. It would have bugged him more were it not for the pain that was quickly becoming blinding from his leg.
Tony raised a brow, sipping his coffee as he faced the soldier. “Clint wanted to build an archery area for Peter,” he held up a hand to stop the genius from interrupting. “I already vetoed that idea much to Clint and Peter’s chagrin. But I thought we could make a mini obstacle course and playground for the kid. Swing set, all that stuff. I got the supplies, figured you’d like to help me build it for Peter.”
Rhodey was screaming, trying desperately to get Peter to continue as the craft started to rise. The rebellion couldn’t afford for their leader to get caught, which meant if they had to leave Tony behind, they would. And the genius understood, but he prayed that they wouldn’t get Peter.
“Sure,” Happy rolled his own eyes as he helped the brunette get to his feet, actually smiling at the disgruntled look he received.
“Warm!” Peter cried as they neared the door. Both soldiers frowned, stopping as Peter used his powers to quickly climb up and over Bucky’s shoulder. Caught when he made to jump to the ground by the metal arm. “Daddy needs warm!” The little boy explained, trying to get to the limp figure on the bed.
“So, what’s the reason we’ve stopped in this warehouse in the first place?” He interrupted, hoping the train of thought from the two excitable teens would slow.
“I studied how to make it from some old journals… I hope I did it justice,” Bucky murmurs, breaking through the man’s shock.
The light from the window woke him, the sound of the birds singing gently outside a reminder that he was exactly where he needed to be.
“Peter’s in the kitchen helping May with dinner,” Pepper assured. She had the look on her face that Tony instantly knew meant he’d be getting some sort of scolding. At least being in medical meant she couldn’t smack him.
Tony started to watch movies, mad at himself for carrying about the soldiers and missing them, but unable to stop the strange surge of feelings.
As Bucky opened his mouth to answer, they both heard the sound of a car moving up the drive. The soldier immediately stood up straight, a smile bursting on his face leaving an aura of foreboding for the genius. Every single fiber of his being telling him that something was very wrong.
Pepper nodded, “and you can’t come with us because?”
“I didn’t mean to frighten you,” T’Challa all but whispered. “I meant to say that we have an agenda that we must keep. In order to accomplish all our goals, we have to stay one step ahead of the group, which means heading out.”
Halfway through the movie found both Peter and Tony passed out, one with his head tilted back and the other curled in his lap.
“I’m not… I’m not going with you.” Tony admitted, breaking the news as gently as he could.
Startled, Tony sat up with a shriek. His head only saved from colliding with Steve’s because of the man’s quick reflexes. He found himself still lying between the two men, sweating profusely like he’d just jogged a marathon.
----------------------------------------------------
“We’re going to have to cut into these two wounds to take these out,” Bruce whistled, taking a wet towel from Steve whom had returned with the kit. The doctor softly wiped away at the wounds, glad to see that Peter had only two shards embedded under his skin.
The blond moves quickly, lifting Tony into his arms and cradling the man to his chest. He uses one hand to grab the blanket and throws it over the shivering genius, tucking the brunette’s head under his chin as he rocks like a mother would a child. “You’re okay,” he repeats.
Two arms caught Tony around the waist, another set grabbing Peter and trying to pull him away from the genius.
May Parker smiled, an apron tide around her waist, a glass filled with some amber liquid in one hand, a kitchen towel in the other.
There were a few tears that escaped, to trail down his face. “I love him so much Uncle Ben, he’s family. I wish… I wish you were here. I miss you…”
“Well, it wasn’t exactly what we were hoping for, but we figured it was the next best solution.” Bucky explained after a quiet moment. “And we know that you miss your kid, and you’re still a little nervous about telling us where he is, so we tried to find him.”
The genius seemed to contemplate it for a moment before he nodded, shaking as stood up and pointed towards the toilet seat. “Can-can you open-open it?” He stuttered.
He was drowning, unable to stop the feeling. It was wrong, to miss two people that had thoroughly messed up his life. They had taken away his family and tortured people in front of him, even taken things to a mildly physical level. But they were also affectionate. They listened to his rants, and adored that he was so into science. He couldn’t ever remember being around people who seemed to really want to take care of him.
And that was how Tony and Peter found themselves sitting at the table with the former Avengers. Bacon, eggs, sausages, pancakes, fruits, and toast had been set out for the rest of the team. Oatmeal had been made for Peter and Bruce.
Immediately he is shushed, “you’re not hurting anyone.” Steve reassures him. “You’re okay honey, you’re okay.”
Carol returned the smile.
Something howls in his chest, and he immediately wraps his arm around the child as if to keep the soldier from touching him.
“Shit, we have to go, I’ll contact you when we can.” Tony rushes out.
“I mean… we didn’t expect… we didn’t think anyone could…” The man was trying desperately to backtrack, to get out of the hole he had dug himself into.
Bucky laughed, but already he started to remove his own clothing as he set the platter aside, heading straight for the bed. Two pairs of blue eyes looking at Tony with a determination he wasn’t sure he was ready to handle.
Let me know what you think! I just needed to get this chapter out (I wrote it like four times) because at this point I needed to move on and transition. But be ready for the next chapter! What system is going to be up and running? Who are they trying to save? And how is Tony going to help? :)
Steve laughed, and leaned forward. Just as Bucky had done so, the blond stole a laughing kiss from Tony before turning away to rummage through the dresser.
Without warning, Tony threw himself forward again and planted his lips against the blonds. He received an instant reaction when warm arms wrapped around him, the heat of the very real body slowly making way into his overtired brain and processing as reality.
(See the end of the chapter for
The vault, he’d have to remember it.
“What happened?” Came the other soldier’s reply, although he was already carrying a worried Peter out of the room.
With a bit of confusion, Tony blinks his eyes open and moves so that he can peer over his shoulder in the direction he thinks the smell is coming from. Someone has set a table in a buffet style, lining the top with a variety of Italian dishes. Unlike the movie nights the billionaire is used to, the food doesn’t look like take out, it looks homemade.
There’s no hiding the small slump of his shoulders at the question, thinking about how he used to be able to fly in the armor. How it was a piece of technology that had both freed him, and ultimately imprisoned him.
Instead, they believe that he’s in shock. Not that they’re far off.
How had he known where Tony’s family was?
They remain in the same position for a good ten minutes, Tony blinking wearily at the man above him in his confusion. Brain trying to run at a hundred miles per minute but failing as it keeps hitting the brick wall of exhaustion caused by the trauma he’d experienced.
“I’ve got you,” Rhodey’s voice repeated, a hand gently running through his hair. Tony sunk into an exhausted sleep.
If Tony remembered correctly, Sam and Clint were the goofs of the whole gang. They’d laugh and crack jokes at anyone’s expense, and things hadn’t changed. However, they were also dangerous in the sense that like Rogers, they could flip without warning.
“How about the glass?” He asked, a pang that he hadn’t thought of it first.
From beside the blond, Bucky looked like a kid about to open a Christmas present. “This is going to be fun.”
Tony could feel the tears starting to slide from his eyes, unable to stop them as he gaged the sincerity in the man below him.
“Rhodey’s Terrible Taste.”
I think Tony needs a hug...
“How am I not surprised that you’d be a tough patient? Even Helen suggested it after she finished fixing you up,” the voice was male, recognizable.
Pepper sighed, standing when they heard May’s faint voice call that pancakes were ready. “Promise me one thing Tony,” she turned to face him.
He didn’t process anything until he was naked, wrapped in a large towel, curled into a rocking super soldiers’ chest as the man repeatedly promised that the punishment wouldn’t be recurring. Tony blinked tired eyes, met the blue worried gaze, and had broken into sobs.
“No.” Tony doesn’t regret speaking up, even if it sends all five pairs of eyes on his hunched form. “No,” he repeats. No, because it will remind him of Peter. No, because it will remind him of his family. No, because Tony won’t be able to handle watching films that used to be special nights.
He buries his face in Stark’s hair and holds him close.
Steve’s fingers pulling out and leaving him feeling empty and raw interrupt his tirade with a gasp. The sound of spitting is loud in the darkness.
He feels tired and achy and his ass feels weird and sloppy.
“We’re still trapped in a box that you can’t get us out of, you moron. And you ruined my pants” He sniffs. Feeling petty.
He leaves Tony lying there coughing up red flowers that look like drops of blood in the snow.
There’s someone calling his name gently and a hand stroking down his back.
“The dog rose, pain and pleasure. He’s so sweet for me.” Bucky slides up close, presses his body against Steve’s and his voice is deep and husky in his ear as he whispers like a filthy secret. “Don’t you want to find out what kind of flowers we could coax from him together?”
“Why him? Why the fuck did it have to be
Bucky steps forward and touches him. Caresses his face and tips his chin up and looks into his eyes. Breaths in his breath heavy with hyacinth and roses and sorrow.
He’s a good man. Soft and caring and struggling to keep himself safe behind his brittle armour of sarcasm and indifference.
“I want you to love me,” Bucky begs. Stark loves so beautifully.
Tony’s eyes adjust and the silhouette resolves itself into Bucky Barnes, looking self-satisfied and leaning on the edge of the box.
Marigold - despair, grief
He tries to twist away, kneeing Steve in the side hard to make him let go.
He turns away before he can see the way Tony leans into it.
“Tell me you didn’t.” Steve begs.
“Who did what?” Asks Steve, and maybe he honestly didn’t know, but Bucky’s nose will never forget the rich floral smell of that fight in Siberia.
Steve loves him.Can love only him.He needs to stop feeling these feelings. Stop with the nightmares he has of Stark asking him why he lied. Sitting there with red dahlias spilling out of his mouth as he begs Steve,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Goddamn it, Steve, MOVE!”
Bucky wakes up shaking from these dreams.
The white tide is rising over his eyes, sparks dancing in the darkness.
He never would have thought their friendship meant so little to Steve. He thought they were friends, but now he knows. He knows his chest is heavy with red dahlia, blooming out of control and spilling out of his mouth. The petals bitter on his tongue as he looks at Steve’s hard face. At Barnes, standing behind the captain, wide eyed.
Unease grows in Steve’s stomach as he watches Bucky’s hand come up to caress Tony’s cheek.
He wants to hit Bucky. Hurt him.
“It was beautiful,” he says.
Tony knows he used to love Steve. Dreamed that maybe Steve would love him too one day. He’d known it was hopeless, but he’d been happy, with his secret love curled in his chest and smiles meant only for his teammate.
Steve doesn’t see it.
It’s been haunting him for months now. What Bucky said in that garden in Wakanda, the little bouquet of flowers he left for Steve on the bench. Most of all the smell. The rich sweet scent of flowers cutting through the harsh smell of frozen stone and ice.
Anemones and red dahlias and rose petals the dark crimson of blood.
“You know what, that's an excellent idea!” Tony snarls back, and somehow he gets his hands on Steve’s face and lays one on him.
“Did you just fucking bite me?” Steve growled, and Tony’s blood ran cold. That voice gave him flashbacks to the freezing cold of Siberia and the smash of metal against metal and betrayal and pain.
“I thought I was enough for you? I thought we where enough for each other! Instead you have to go after a man with his heart cut out? How could you choose someone who can’t even love when I’m here? Isn’t my love enough?”
The rage is blinding. He wants to hurt Steve, hurt him deep the same way he hurt Tony. But he knows there’s no way for a normal baseline human to hurt Steve, not physically at least.
Steve’s grip on him tightens painfully.
Steve doesn’t care for him anymore.
Pine (spruce) - hope in adversity
A rush of sensation, tingling through his limbs to fill his fingers and toes with golden warmth.Liquid heat rushing out of him to spatter hot against his stomach.
He sees Tony wrapped in a cage of flowers, the vines springing forth from his chest. And over him looms a dark figure that plucks the flowers from his open lips and kisses him.
Tony hides his face in his shoulder and grumbles. He’s too tired to keep fighting with Steve now.
“Go fuck yourself, Rogers.” Tony says as he tries to disentangle himself from Steve’s stiff limbs and tuck himself into the furthest corner.
“Rogers, move your fucking ass off of me, you’re not gonna be able to break it down.”
Bucky had said.
I loved him, they say.
He’s trying to get his legs untangled from Steve’s when the man moves again. Hands clamping down and catching his wrists in an iron grip.
“Don’t you fucking dare-“ Tony’s threats break off in a cry as Steve pushes his way inside with a thrust of his hips.
“You wouldn’t dare.” Tony hisses like an angry cat as Steve grabs his asscheeks in a punishing grip.
He tries not to look at Stark too much, because it hurts to see what he’s done, but he notices the change. Its slight, a tiny warming of his eyes, like the ice over them is thinning. A tremble, like fear that quivers through his fingers when all the Avengers are assembled together in the common areas. He smells of sweet bitter chemicals that sting Steve’s nose and smell vaguely familiar.He hopes maybe Tony is healing, but his nightmares only get worse.
He bites down hard enough to draw a prick of blood and a gasp of pain from Steve as he pulls back.
The soldier- Bucky looked back as Steve carried him out of the bunker, sick with the pain of losing his arm in a blast that seared his nerve endings.
He wonders if the aching in the back of his throat, the slicing pain in his heart, are flowers growing. If maybe he’s about to start choking out flowers.
He’s sitting in the Wakandan gardens when Steve finds him. He’s holding a dark red rose and the thorns have scratched his fingers.
“You think I can’t fuck you and make you like it?” Steve spits back, and then Tony is being manhandled into Steve’s lap.
“You think anyone would listen to you if you weren't a fucking propaganda piece?”
“Why?” Steve begs.
One day he comes home early from a mission. He’s tired, doesn’t want a fuss. Just wants to slip in quietly and take a shower without anyone noticing he’s home. He knows they don’t know he’s watching, because he sees them through the window.
He’s keeping secrets, Bucky thinks.
“You’re an ass and a hypocrite. You were always on my ass to listen to orders and follow the plan, but you never did. You never listened to me, never trusted my judgment.” Steve still has a hand around his neck, and he can feel it tightening, pressing inexorably against his windpipe.
The regret was instant.
Steve stops.
One night Bucky stands in the shadows outside Stark’s lab and watches him hold an animated discussion with his robots. watches as his face breaks into a warm smile and he dances with the robots around him to music Bucky can’t hear through the soundproof glass.
He wonders if he could have loved Tony, who held so much beauty in his heart, and he thinks maybe he could have. But now it’s too late, and surely Stark has cut the garden out of his heart along with any love he once held for Steve.
Dog rose - pain and pleasure
He tries to make his peace with Stark.He tries not to let the way Tony’s eyes are glass flat and empty get to him, but it does.The man he loved is gone, cut out with all the warmth in his heart.All for a little lie that Steve told. Told himself.
Tony’s quivering now, his whole body shaking with sensation, mind barely able to focus on the words being spoken against his skin.
“This is all your fault.” Tony hissed spitefully as he tried to wiggle away from the knee digging into his side.
He catches Stark standing on a balcony one night. There’s a party going on inside and the music is muted through the windows. The balcony is lit up dimly by the ambient light spilling from inside and the city below. Stark is there, hunched over as he coughs into his hand, deep wracking heaves that hurt to listen to.
“You lied.” Bucky tells him, standing close behind. Stark whirls in shock and Bucky can see the petals caught on his lips and his hands full of flowers. He opens his mouth like he wants to lie, but instead coughs out more petals.
When he sleeps it’s fitful and he dreams of Stark sitting beside him in a snowy garden pulling flowers from his mouth. In his dream Stark spits little white blossoms into his palm that smell like jasmine and wipes his mouth. “They cut out my heart. I can’t grow flowers anymore. No more flowers for Steve,” the Stark in his dream tells him, crushing his handful of delicate jasmine scented flowers. He has dead leaves in his hair and a snapdragon in the corner of his mouth.
“Fuck you, Stark.” Steve grits out. and then the hand is gone and Tony can breath again.
He feels a bit like a rabid animal as his fingernails skate off the kevlar fabric of his uniform and he tries to bite at the vulnerable strip of skin above Steve’s collar.
He bites down on Steve’s shoulder until he tastes blood and Steve’s free hand grabs him by the jaw. His hand is unforgiving as he twists Tony’s head around and pries his mouth open for Steve’s tongue to lick inside.
“All that love, all those flowers, they where meant for you, and I wanted them. You left them lying in the dirt, like they where worthless. All that beauty grown out of emotion for you. And you turned away like it didn’t mean anything.” The intensity burning in Bucky’s gaze is painful. Steve can’t look him in the eye, has to turn away. Guilt boils in his stomach with his anger and grief.
And then he tries to kill Barnes. Flower petals filling the space behind the iron man mask as he struggles to breath.
When Bucky wakes up the scent of jasmine lingers and he wanders the halls like a ghost.
“Stark. He grew a garden in his chest for love of you,” Bucky says.
Steve’s hands end up down Tony’s pants and there’s blond hair snarled between his fingers.
He feels broken open.
In the end Steve has him pinned, tears the HUD away from his face in a shower of red petals as he chokes. For a moment he thinks Steve is going to use his shield to cut off Tony’s head, but instead he crushes his heart.
But then there was a war.
“You’re right, I always did hate it when you disobeyed my orders. If I’d known how easy it was to shut you up I’d have fucked you ages ago.” It’s cruel, and coldly said. And the tears that have been pricking the corners of Tony’s eyes for a while now overflow, one after another, and he’s grateful for the darkness hiding his broken face from Steve’s eyes. Steve’s hand in his hair is gentle.
“Because he was beautiful, and I wanted.” Bucky tells him.
It hurts. It hurts and he wants to hit something. Use his strength to obliterate something like he wants to obliterate his feelings.
“Besides, this was built to be a trap for you, do you really think you can just brute strength your way ou- woah! Hands off the merchandise!” Tony squawked in outrage as one of Steve’s large hands grabbed his thigh and dragged his leg up until it was over Steve’s hip. He was mildly horrified and fascinated to realize how far around his leg Steve’s grip went. And then to make things worse Steve was shimmying around and there was a shoulder jammed in his face and then Steve was properly between his legs.
He feels trapped, stuck standing in his own too big body that refuses to move as Bucky steps up in front of him.
the dream always ends when Stark chokes on his throat full of flowers and his body convulsing until it grows into a field of flowers. The leaves and stems forcing through his skin in a sickening way until Steve wakes up with his stomach churning.
It was a moment of dumb rage. Entirely unplanned.
“If anyone is going to be blaming anyone for getting trapped together in a tiny box, Stark,” Steve grunted as he moved. “It’s going to be me, blaming you, for not listening when I told you to stop.”
Steve wakes up crying.
Bucky licks his lips.
“I only ever wanted to do the right thing.” His voice is small, barely a breath. But damn Steve and his heightened senses.
“I’m still mad at you.” He says tiredly.
“He cut his flowers out,” Steve tells him later.
He gave Steve a sprig of vetch yesterday with a smirk and a kiss.“This is mine, but I want you to have it,” He’d told Steve.
His fascination with Stark grows. The man is cold and aloof and viciously clever and his smiles never reach his wide brown eyes.
Maybe Bucky would come back to him if he started spilling marigolds from his mouth.
Stark smells like hyacinth and bergamot underneath his cologne when Bucky comes too close.
With his mouth held open there’s nothing to stop Steve from swallowing the breathy little gasp he makes when Steve’s fingers rub hard over his prostate.
Bucky is different then he was, Before. He’s colder, his eyes sharper, giving less away and seeing more. No matter how close Steve holds him theres always a little shard inside that never melts. He’s not just Steve’s Bucky anymore, there will always be a piece of him that is the Winter Soldier. Cold and calculating and shaped by people more monster then men. Its the small things that Steve tries to ignore, not to notice, that are the most glaring. Things his Bucky would have never said, never done. He tries not to think about them. Bucky will remember. He’ll learn.Steve ignores it.
He puts on the suit and flies to Siberia.
Afraid for Tony who looks small and fragile beside Bucky’s bulk and strength. In that instant he’s afraid the Winter Soldier has made an appearance, to finish the job he started with Tony’s parents, or perhaps revenge. Or just finishing that fight in Siberia that Steve never wants to think of again. Adrenaline tightens his body and fear clogs his throat and he’s taking a step towards the door when Tony looks up at Bucky’s face.
It doesn’t stop Steve’s heart from cracking open, and for a moment he wonders if this is what Stark felt, in that moment when Steve turned his back on him.
He wants to kiss it all away.
Tony used to be bright, and vibrant, lighting up the room like the sun. Loud and obnoxious and impossible to look away from, even when Steve wanted to strangle him for his contrary ways.He used to smile at Steve when he understood something modern, and laugh when Steve pretended to be baffled by the simplest of technology.
They’re cursing each other and the words are full of acrid betrayal.
Tony crushes the flower in his palm and throws it to the floor. He knows now that any hope he might have had that Steve would love him back is gone.
He tries to focus on Bucky, he loves Bucky, who came back to him against all odds, who loves him back. He clings to that, like it absolves him of the lie he told. The sin of it. He had to choose Bucky, it was never a choice, how was he to know that Stark would end up cutting his heart out over the lie? But he knows its not true.He could have said something before it was too late. Not acted on it, no, never acted on it, but said enough to keep those flowers from blooming where they should never have grown.
“No. You loved Peggy once, and I forgot to love you for a long time. Neither of us ever grew flowers,” he’s fascinated by it. By Stark and his heart garden.
Bucky and Steve fall together like it was inevitable. Their love long reaching and enduring and finally coming to fruition with curious kisses and lingering touches. Life is better. The rogue avengers are pardoned. They come back to New York and live in a tower with the name on the side.
And here and there, little purple hyacinths begging for forgiveness.
He wonders if thats what they are now. Wonders if they came out of the ice all cold hard edges slicing each other until they ran with blood and pain. All warmth leached away under decades of frozen water. Their hearts cold and hard and smashing into each other and they call it love for want of a better word.
The drag of Steve’s beard against his neck is harsh beside the softness of his lips and he presses his face against Tony’s neck.
He seems so small, standing in the dark in front of Bucky with his chest full of sorrow flowers that steal his breath.
“I’m gonna kill you”
He’d known there was something cold in Bucky since he got him back, something a little dark, a little twisted. A warping of the sense of right and wrong. Not a lack of consideration, but that kind of entitled cruelty only a child has, because they didn’t know any better.
“Or are you afraid that I will and you’ll have to come begging for more.”
Steve found Bucky and an ache began to grow in Tony’s chest.
Steve misses his warm brown eyes, the way they glittered when he laughed.It’s his fault
His hand comes up to take the rose from Bucky without his volition, bringing it to his face to breath in the smell of it. The smell that’s been surrounding Tony, hidden under the harsh chemical smell of mouth wash and soap.
“What did you do?”
It’s strange, being around so many people. Bucky finds himself wandering the tower at night, unable to sleep.
He wants to kiss him until those brown eyes warm and he smiles and he tastes like ambrosia and dandelions.
“So was I.” He says.
Red dahlia - betrayal
He hands the rose to Steve.
“I hate you so fucking much. My whole fucking life trying to live up to you.”
Steve has his hand around his neck, Steve who could break his neck without even trying. Steve who hates him.
“You made a mistake- Here, hush now, let me dry your eyes,” He didn’t realize he was blind with tears until Bucky wipes them away softly. “You made a mistake Stevie, you threw all that love away, cause you thought you had something better maybe, or maybe you’re just the kind of good man who isn’t greedy enough to think he can have everything and you decided you had to choose. So you made a choice and pretended you didn’t, even to yourself. Me? I’m not a good man, I’m greedy. I want what I want. And I saw Stark and I wanted him. But then we came back and you looked at him and thought he cut out his heart. But thats where you made your mistake Stevie,” Bucky forces Steve to meet his gaze, and his eyes are bright and cold and full of desire. He takes the dog rose from behind his ear, so delicate, and holds it up to his nose to breath in its rich wild scent before offering it to Steve. “You think he cut out his heart, his love, for you. But you’re wrong. He loves you just as much now as he ever did, and every day he suffers, and chokes out his love for you cause it wont stop blooming in his chest. He’s so desperate to breath, to be loved, that he’d do anything for me, let me do anything to him.” Steve is numb with shock, all the pain and anger flooding out of him with the revelation.
“You’d still be trapped in a box.” Tony pointed out, trying to twist away as Steve’s squirming brought their faces uncomfortably close and he felt the scratch of Steve’s beard against the side of his neck and the warmth of his breath as Steve replied acidly. “At least I’d have the box to myself then. Move your goddamn leg so I can push against the wall.”
Stark is there to greet them when they step off the jet onto the roof and his face is cold as he shakes Steve’s hand. He doesn’t look at Bucky.
Tony yells when Steve shoves his fingers into him. Its unfamiliar and too much and uncomfortable. But he’s trapped in Steve’s lap with one leg over the taller man’s shoulder and his back pinned against the side of the box they’re stuck in.
“I was gettin real sick of Stevie mopin’ around over ya, Stark, so I took things into my own hands to arrange a conversation, as it were.”
After the battle in the airport he finds himself choking, his chest heavy as something tears at his throat on the way up. He already knows what’s going to happen before he spits the petal out on his palm, but it’s still a shock that makes the world go glassy around him. The little purple hyacinth flower sits in his palm, unassuming, and screams his sorrow.
And Tony bit the little sliver of neck that was pressed against his cheek.
“Move where? there’s no space.” And Tony is sounding decidedly cranky now. He’d been trying to help. He’d been trying to make things right with the pretentious blond douchwad what was Steve Rogers and had instead ended up trapped with him in this obscenely tiny space.
“I wanted to make you proud.” Tony whispers against Steve’s neck as he drifts away.
He’s kissing Steve again and it's like fighting a war.
“Tony, come back to me.”
“You can’t make me do anything. And that's always been the problem right? Everyone else fell right into line but- ah-“
The walls stayed immutably still and silent.
Red peony - devotion
Because he lied.
Peach blossom - I am your captive
“About that,” Says a voice above them, and Tony blinks up through watering eyes to see a silhouette looking into the box where Steve has a protective arm wrapped around Tony, holding him close.
He doesn’t want to think about it, doesn’t want to let his conscious mind put together what his unconscious has known now, perhaps, for a while.
He’s left thinking about it long after they leave the cold snow of Siberia. He wakes from nightmares where he stands over Stark’s corpse and watches bloody roses and anemones bloom from his cold blue lips. The horror growing in him as dahlias in dark crimson burst from the shell of his blue crystal heart. The smell of hyacinths fills his nose as they bloom open on Stark’s chest until his body is a garden in the snow.
“Bucky is my friend.” Steve says, like that fixes the fact Tony just watched that very man crush the life out of his parents a second ago. Tony’s chest aches and it’s hard to breath and the sweet taste of rose joins the bitterness of Dahlias and betrayal in his mouth.
“Who woulda thought you two would look so sweet together, eh Doll?”
His fascination grows, and he watches Stark. He begins to notice the small and almost unnoticeable things he does to take care of the team. Replacing items and making sure favourite foods are always available.
Instead of the new shield shirt, the next choice was old. It had obviously been held onto for a while judging by how the logo on the front was fading. However, it was still easy to make out the shining words, “whose strong and brave, here to save the American way?” And on the back, “the Star-Spangled Man with a Plan.”
“So, where we headed?” Bucky asked, already sensing that Steve had a plot.
It was only several minutes later, after Steve had curled under the sheets behind the genius and used his own unnatural body heat to bring him back, that he even realized he’d had an attack.
He had to find an exit, maybe a vent to escape through. But this was the Avengers’ home, they had people everywhere. The man turned a corner, looking back to catch a glimpse of green before he ran right into the very people he was trying to avoid.
“Sir!” The man looked eager to please, his eyes shining with unshed tears at the idea that he had met the timeline set upon him. That he wouldn’t be dead upon morning.
Unlike the cold of the other hallway, this one had been painted a soft blue. There were several pieces of art hung from the walls, making the area feel cozier. The doors were painted an off white, one that indicated that wherever they were, it was meant to be the exact opposite of Tony’s prior location.
Tony frowned, brows furrowing as he tried to figure out why Peter seemed so pleased about the information. Before he could ask, a scoff from the hallway interrupted their chat to reveal Carol standing with her arms crossed.
One hand covertly started to move down, stopping long enough to stroke Tony’s thigh as the sensitive man moaned, before it turned into a startled jump when the blond’s hand cupped him gently through his pants.
“Hey buddy, not going to look at me?” Clint spoke softly, ignoring the look of amusement the soldier throws at him. “Come on Pete… what’s it going to take?”
He had fully expected to be free or in a jail cell, so his current predicament wasn’t something he’d even thought out.  He also had a bad feeling that Loki would be doing something against him, that he would tell the group of Tony’s true intentions in the training room.
He blearily looks around, realizing that they had left him to sleep it off alone. The soft sound of the oxygen machine the only noise in the quiet room.
The beginning of the song kept restarting, the music never quite starting. When the pounding caused dust to start sprinkling from the ceiling, Tony froze in realization. Finally, with the three men frozen, the song screamed out the words Tony recognized above all else.
Jarvis had been his most brilliant creation. The AI had turned off all traces, and constantly worked to make sure that no one discovered any information on where they were.
They’d taken a person and de-aged them? Tony knew it was possible with the strange magic that Loki possessed… but did they seriously think just anyone could keep up with his genius? Not that it mattered, he’d protect the kid from whatever crazy antics the two men had planned.
--------------------------------------------------------------
“Let’s go,” she held out a hand, not complaining when Tony didn’t take it, but stood up on his own. “Loki is in the tower, but he’s banned from your lab. We don’t know if he held a grudge against you and don’t want to risk anything. If you see him, you scream, got it?”
“I have a plan,” the little boy murmured after he was sure that the soldier had left the room. “I wasn’t going to let you face them alone, and it’s not like they really could have hurt me. They wouldn’t risk losing you.”
When Anthony Stark was four years old, his father taught him the meaning of disappointment. The man had clearly explained the word, before claiming that if someone were to look it up in the dictionary; Anthony would be used as an example.
“It looks barren, but that’s just a barrier. Step through here with the right permission, and…” He motioned between the boulders and the projection moved as if they were walking, stepping through the land and through the stones.
“Set the flight course to the meeting point, you know where we’re going.”
Still facing the hall in which he’d made his mad escape, Tony didn’t miss as the enforcement guards slowly approached the group, followed by a smiling Natasha and a frowning Bruce Banner.
When the food was placed in front of him, Tony waited until Peter had reached for his own part of the meal before eating above the boy, tucking the kid’s head under his chin so that he could eat relatively easily with the kid in his lap. His right arm held his burger while the left wrapped softly around Peter’s waist.
The brunette shrugged, dropping the towel and starting towards the water. “Flerken.”
To turn it off.
Thank you for the kudos and the comments and the bookmarks!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! I always get nervous releasing a new chapter, so I hope you like it!
“I’ll leave it on the cartoon channel,” Steve murmured, placing a soft kiss on Tony’s forehead, followed by Bucky. Both men smiled at the slightly flabbergasted man before turning on their heels and quietly leaving the room.
“Skynet.” And the chorus for the music dropped, just like Tony would have liked. One last echoing “I am Iron Man,” screaming through the compound as the Iron Legion, reconstructed, began to attack
When Stephen finished, he simply nodded at the three, turned on his heel, and was out the door without speaking a single sentence to the men.
Once again, Bucky ignored Tony’s warning and did the motion of an airplane with the spoon, watching as it stopped on tightly closed lips.
The house was warm and inviting, with the smell of sweet baked goods filling the air. With help from both Rhodey and Happy, the genius had managed to clamber out of the bed and to the sofa. He had felt a lot better, but hadn’t trusted his body to completely move on its own.
He was still in his clothes, they had respected his privacy and left him alone.
I have not abandoned this story (and I will not). Life is just super hectic with all the projects/holidays/works.
----------------
Not questioning it, Peter simply pushed the man into the room, although he was confused when instead of looking for a part Tony turned his chair to face the kid instead.
Instantly, Roger’s voice filled his ears as the arm around his waist tightened in a gesture meant to be comforting.
Tony, after recovering from the kid’s spring to stand on his lap, wrapped both hands around the child’s waist and started to pull him from the dessert. Instead of easily grabbing him, however, the genius found resistance.
“Then I forgive him!” Tony started quickly. “I forgive him! Please just let me him go!”
“Next time you decide to get all self-sacrificial on us, can you at least wait until you’re good to stand boss?” The man grinned, “I want to know that you can at least have some semblance of a fight left in you.”
“It was a close one, but Buck managed to stop him a few times. He’s in his room with Clint, they’re building a Lego ship of some sort.”
While I appreciate that you're reading this, if you're genuinely upset about Tony being with these two characters, about how he doesn't always fight back, that's he's being "weak", expecting things to be happy-go-lucky, or upset that Peter has been de-aged, I'd highly recommend you stop reading. While I appreciate all my readers, you're only going to get more upset, as this story is absolutely not about a healthy relationship. That's all I'm going to say, as I don't want to give away the story. Once again, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
The man tightened his hold on Tony’s waist when the genius tried to squirm away, continuing like nothing had happened, like they weren’t in a room meant for murder, and sitting on the ground chatting like reminiscent old friends.
Suddenly Pepper wondered if the stress was finally getting to Tony, and he was slowly becoming unhinged. She raised a brow with a frown on her lips, “you want to send us to barren lands?”
“Don’t worry Tones!” Peter hadn’t caught the worry. “They’re not even in the country right now, remember?” The teenager had been watching the news of the Avengers with Tony, he was quite aware of what was happening in the world above.
When Peter realized that the man had fallen asleep, the kid had snatched the remote and started to channel surf until he found something he wanted to watch. It was an action film, one that he had watched with Tony before.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Meeting the genius’ eyes, Tony instantly recognized that the light that glinted in Peter’s eyes spelled trouble. He had seen the look before, had worn it in his own expression several times before doing things that had generally led to explosions.
“Because I was given a mission, and I intend on following through.” She stands, still smiling as Sam shows up in the doorway, telling her it’s time for a training session.
The man was running his hand through Tony’s hair affectionately, explaining everything that had happened to the genius without having to be prompted. For the moment, the genius could relax. He had liked Bruce Banner after all, even if he was another intelligent person that had fallen under the wrong influence.
“Told him about their crimes?” He asked upon seeing that Tony didn’t seem as shaken as they expected. When Steve nodded his head in acknowledgement, the soldier closed the door behind him and ambled to the bed, sitting in the corner.
Someone called his name. Tony let out a whimper, and then promptly gave into the darkness beckoning him with a crooked finger.
(See the end of the chapter for
As he’s looking at the blond he doesn’t miss a large metal door that slowly creaks open as they pass. He catches a glimpse of a windowless corridor and suddenly Tony’s brain is on high alert. He is no longer passive on the chair, his breathing hitching as he tries to launch himself away from the men.
“I’m going to look like an adult Peter Parker,” he murmured, standing slowly from the bed with a languid stretch.
Instead of answering the question, Peter turned away from where he’d been watching the man and opened his arms to Tony. Instantly and without hesitation, the genius pulled him away from the highchair, setting the toddler on his lap instead.
Tony was not pouting, he was not.
“It’s not just a watch,” Tony admitted quietly, leaning forward so that their words wouldn’t catch on any surveillance. “It’s a suit.”
Tony sluggishly stared at the meal on his lap, too out of it to attempt to process the fact that the two men whom had basically tortured him were treating him like the world’s most precious diamond. He tried to lift a hand to grab the spoon, but the weight was back, and he grunted when he found that he could only lean back on Rogers.
Tony nodded, choosing Peter’s playlist that was filled with a mixture of rock, pop, and old classics. He turned to his side, curling so that he was facing Bucky with his back against Steve’s side.
Blinking several times to clear his vision, Tony found himself in a dark room, the bed quite comfortable beneath him. The sheets were a dark navy blue, matching the paint on the walls almost perfectly. It was a huge bed, and he had been placed right in the middle so there was no chance of him rolling off in his sleep.
At twenty-eight, Iron Man had flown again.
“Do you even know what a child acts like when they’re that old?” Tony teased, knowing for certain that he had absolutely no idea.
The blond scowled, looking like she wanted nothing more than to punch the living daylights out of the soldier. Instead, she nodded and started eating her own food, glaring daggers at Bucky as she ate.
Without hesitation, the security detail began to escort the group out of the room. Amidst protests and fear, the former Avengers watched as the men disappeared down the hall.
So... Steve's nice...
The brunette grinned, leaning forward and planting a kiss on Tony’s temple as he nodded. “Of course, doll. I’m making tomato soup, so I’ll just bring you a big bowl and a grilled cheese.” The soldier looked beyond pleased at even the idea of spending a night with just the two men and turned on his heel without another word.
Ambling into the hallway, Steve gently shut the door behind him and turned towards the two awaiting men. He didn’t speak, but nodded towards the staircase that Tony had scampered down his first escape attempt.
“Tony, maybe you should take a minute-” Pepper argued gently.
The genius wanted to retort about the poisoning in his chest, but could barely open his mouth, eyes half-lidded.
Hey guys! It's Reindeer Games and Point Break! :D
“Oh,” Bruce looked surprised for a moment before nodding. “That’s fine, it makes sense, actually.” He reached down and started to undo some of the needles.
On the second night, Bucky took Steve’s place. The man had sung some sort of Russian lullaby to the genius and continued the motions throughout the night as Tony woke several times from nightmares.
“As long as we have each other, we’ll be okay.” Peter smiles back.
With a snarl he lunges forward, ignoring the faint cry from Bucky when he slams into the wall again. He sees something shimmer, but it’s gone before his eyes can focus and all he can see is the trees of the forest beyond.
“You hush and let the kid enjoy his movie,” Bucky grumbled, one hand wrapped around the bundle of blanket that was Peter, the other moving to rest on Tony’s hip. The man’s thumb absent mindedly rubbing back and forth on his hip as he stared at the screen.
“I was just getting him warmed up,” Steve drawled back. “Come on over Buck, I think we should show Tony just how much we worship his beautiful little body.”
Once they arrived in the warehouse, it was evident there was quite a bit of work to do. And while Tony couldn’t do much, he hung around and tried to provide support to the team by chatting and keeping them generally distracted from focusing too hard on their tasks.
Steve was the only thing holding Tony up, all ability to control his motor skills gone. It was the only reason the genius wasn’t fighting tooth and nail to get to his kid. Screaming and howling at the top of his lungs.
“No,” the man replied through gritted teeth.
“Yes, but this will show them that we’re not going to stop until we’ve got them. This will make it harder for them to move around undetected.”
“Hey kiddo,” Edwin Jarvis greeted gently.
Peter had been right.
Peter scrambles out of his grip and ignores Tony’s immediate reaction as he reaches for the boy. The child ignores the spit and opens the bag, pulling out the radio with a grin as he turns it on.
After several minutes of walking, he finally rolled his eyes. “If I had known we’d be walking a marathon, I would have kept the suit on.” He complained, wounded arm hugged to his chest.
Peter seemed to perk up at that, while Tony still looked skeptical about the whole thing. They’d had a dinner of a basic pasta alfredo, and had jabbered on about video games for most of the night, until Pepper had reminded everyone that she was actually the best at the old fighting game.
Shuri laughed, pivoting on her heel to bicker with the other. Soon, their attention had turned into ideas, and how Peter could have a shooter on his wrist like a lightsaber, so he never had to worry about losing it. Shuri began to suggest laser webs, although she thought that Spider-man would likely miss his enemies if he tried it.
And while the sights and sounds of the men dying still haunted and scared him, Tony found a weird, small sense of relief that they were gone. Had Roger’s done something terrible, but committed a favor for the world?
Tony faintly heard Peter reply, and even recognized Carol’s voice, before the world faded to black.
“Star Wars?” Sam suggests from where he’s perched.
“Usually, I can take to the sky, fire some pretty powerful blasts from my hands, and I’m pretty on level with Captain America’s abilities too.” She laughed, “I’d say they should give me a similar moniker, but he’s tarnished it.”
Turning off the light, the genius takes note that they’ve added both stars and night lights in the room for Peter. It’s a nice touch.
“But Tony, Strange said you lost a lot of blood. You should rest, just a little bit.” Rhodey insisted.
“Yes,” Tony was panting, out of breath as he reached the living room. All the lights in the bunker had turned on, and he could hear echoing footsteps as the others hurried to join him.
Tony nodded, passing his empty cup absentmindedly to Peter who placed it on the table in front of them.
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, and reviews! I absolutely love hearing from you and so appreciate your feedback. I"m glad you like this story, and I truly hope this chapter isn't too confusing. Enjoy!
A grin formed on the soldiers face, and he seemed to glow as he answered. “We went looking for something for you, we found it.”
-----------------
Thank you for the lovely comments, subscriptions, kudos, bookmarks! I enjoyed writing this chapter.
Tony wanted to laugh, if they wanted him to help program fighter bots for simulated battles, they’d better be ready to face an army.
With a groan he couldn’t suppress, Tony sat up gingerly and was glad to find he had the strength to do it. However, the action also woke Peter who sat up with his fist raised, ready to battle whatever foe was waking him.
He crawled over to his pillows, barely managing to throw the covers over his shivering body before he collapsed and could no longer get up.
A hand settled on the brunette’s shoulder before he could explode again, eyes burning with unadulterated hatred.
“Sweetheart,” the voice spoke, “look at me.”
“Dad,” Peter whispered, using his stealth to settle gently next to Tony. “Please… you’re okay.”
With desperation he reached towards Bucky and followed with another kiss of the same intensity. “Make me forget,” he finally begged. “Please…”
Slamming the door open, Tony froze on the threshold, eyes watching in horror as the green monster slowly lifted the main server to his chest.
“I can’t genius without my hands,” he murmured, seemingly upset even if he had thoroughly enjoyed allowing Peter and Shuri to do the task.
Barely dodging to the right in time, Tony let out a yelp as he lost his footing and landed on his bad arm and hand. But the pain was nothing compared to the relief he felt as he watched the other scientist stumble forward in shock that Tony had managed to move so quickly.
The soldier removed his arm and slowly sat up, looking down at Tony with a fond expression as he started moving towards the edge of the bed. “Are you hungry?”
Tony looked up again, eyes running to the door in hopes of having his thoughts interrupted. His wish was granted, but not in the way that he expected.
However, when Tony opened his eyes, he realized that they were on the second film and Peter also looked half asleep. Both Bucky and Steve weren’t aware of his waking, as they were sharing self-satisfied smiles between themselves.
Rhodey groaned, stopping his task to throw a fond glare at Tony. “Yes, and they immediately said I would never be anything but your liaison, because no one else wanted to deal with you.”
“No, you can’t…” He pleaded, watching as the guards pinned the man’s hands to the ground in chains before leaving and closing the door.
Peter. The cemetery. Rogers.
“As some of you may know, the Captain and I worked closely with Tony’s father when we first started out in the army. We made a vow that we would protect Howard with our lives, and while we couldn’t keep our promise to Howard, we will uphold it to Tony.” He stepped back, letting Rogers take the reigns once again.
“Oh kiddo, are you okay?” Tony already knew the answer to his question, but that didn’t stop him from asking as he ran a thumb gently over the still open wounds, trying to make sure that there were no visible shards to pull.
“He was so close!” Steve exploded, turning to glare at his partner. Of course, the Winter Soldier knew that the actual heat of the anger wasn’t directed at him, but he felt it nonetheless. “And that… that spider kid!”
“Yes, but no children. We’re trying to make it so that those who are homeless are sent to facilities, to learn skills to better society. Crime is at an all-time low, since the criminals now understand that there are dire consequences to their actions.”
“Whipped,” the archer coughed into his hand. Tony didn’t bother turning when he heard a fist smack an arm, followed by a startled yelp. Instead, he focuses on going up the stairs and carrying his kid and new cat away from the men. How could he have forgotten, even for a second, that the two men were obsessive and not in love?
“You won’t touch a fucking hair on
“I’ll hold them off, run!”
Immediately defensive, Tony glared at the man. “They’re not getting near my family. They don’t even know where to look.”
“You know that they’re going to get away from any civilians… they’re good.” Bruce added, already standing up to trail to the tech room where Natasha and the technician had disappeared.
What had they done?
“Peter!” Bucky’s voice completely broke through the joy and lighthearted air. It had lost all playfulness, filled with worry.
When he lowered his arm, it was to a sight that he hadn’t been expecting.
“’Cuse me Aunty Tasha,” the little boy fumbled, crawling out slowly from the redheads lap so that he could sit on the floor beside her. He moved a few of the pieces closer to Clint, smiling brightly as he turned towards Bucky eagerly for the next instruction.
“Tony!” Rhodey was suddenly there, leaning over the back of the sofa and putting a gentle hand on the man’s shoulder. He needed him to stay calm, so that the stitches wouldn’t pop off and make the wound bleed again. He’d lost enough blood.
Was Tony so deprived of attention that he craved Steve and Bucky already?
“I found a cat!” Clint held up the animal, shrugging. “He seemed friendly, thought the kid would like him.”
“We have to get to the escape vehicle, now!” He shrieked, watching as they all jumped to their feet from where they had been seated around the dining room table.
“Buck,” he heard the blond say just before Barnes, holding him, turned so that Tony could no longer look at the scene unfolding just behind them. But he knew what happened, recognized the sounds of the gun going off and that of a body falling lifelessly to the floor.
Tony released a snort of amusement at the words. "I'm always thinking too much."
“It’s about time I introduce the world to Jarvis.”
The kid panicked, too small to restrain Tony from hurting himself.
The video part of the thing was a hologram that displayed so that whomever was on the other end looked to be standing in the room with whomever they were talking to. Peter had jumped up and down when Tony appeared on his end.
Using his own body strength, Barnes stood so that he carried the genius with him, holding Tony in a way that allowed them both to be upright although his feet didn’t touch the ground. The metal arm was wrapped around his waist, easily holding Tony up while the other caressed his neck in what could have only been interpreted as a warning.
Peter smiled, even though he knew that the man couldn’t see it. “I know.” Pivoting to go back towards the gate, Peter froze in place. He was face to chest with a stranger, whom was not moving and standing too close.
While T’Challa and his group worked on getting Rogue on the road, the rest of the group took a moment to relax and catch their breath.
“Fine, who am I fighting?” Tony dusted his pants, the smile on his face too compliant when compared to the man that was refusing to participate only moments before.
By the time they had finished setting up the swing-set and tested it to make sure it was functional, Tony had almost given in to the urge to hit the captain. The man had tripped and almost brought the whole thing crashing down but caught himself on Tony.
The accident was exactly that, an accident.
It took a good minute before Peter peeked his head out from where he had tucked it against Bucky, the room seemingly holding their breath as they waited for an answer from the child. His brown eyes danced away from Clint; chubby arms held out towards the redhead.
With a sigh the man set down his empty bowl of soup and leaned back in the chair. “Can you show me how to get down to the lab again? I don’t think I can figure it out on my own at the moment… didn’t pay as much attention as I should have yesterday.”
“I’m not leaving you!” Peter had pivoted from where he sat on the floor and glared at Tony. “I’m not going to let you go away again!”
With nothing left to do, Tony decided to wander into the apartment for a bit.  The thought of his conversation with Carol had been pushed to the back of his mind, as he’d only torment himself on trying to figure out who had sent her, and why.
“Jarvis informed me, and I snuck up and scared him. He threw the pie up in the air and it ended up hitting him instead!” He was so relaxed, he hadn’t felt so content in what felt like years. In the end, Rhodey had managed to grab some of the dessert and smear it on Tony’s laughing face, but they had been teenagers whom had only laughed at each other and moved on.
“Or protect him,” Steve added, the anger dissipating. “He can stay in the lab, with Tones. He won’t need to fight when we got him.”
The grip tightened so much on his arm that Tony let out a scream when the vibranium started to dig into his skin underneath it. However, it wasn’t enough to stop the blast from aiming straight and hitting Steve’s hand and throwing him directly off the suit.
The room was closing in, and he could barely make out the voices above him as he found it impossible to breathe. He tried to reach for his chest, but his hands were constricted and Tony could only struggle desperately.
It would work in their favor.
In hot pursuit, Bucky dusts off the shards and starts after the genius, whom has reached the front doors and slammed them open. They didn’t bother to lock the doors.
“Eat with your mouth closed, I don’t want to see your half-digested food,” Tony said as he didn’t bother looking up, padding over to sit down on the sofa in front of where Rhodey now stood. “What’s up Platypus?”
The blond then proceeds to remove the covers that have kept Tony warm and snug while sleeping in the large bed. It’s the first time Tony realizes that he’s been changed, and vaguely he remembers the bathroom adventure from hours before. He can’t stop the soft blush that lights his cheeks as he stares down at the dark sweats and the soft band shirt adorning his chest. The glow of the Arc Reactor perfectly falling on the band’s drum set.
He tried, he really tried to focus on the king. But things were blurring together, and all the fight left him as he was pushed into a pit of despair. Tears started to run down his face, the cool wind of the air brushing them aw- wait.
Still on his knees on the bed as he swung, Tony was pulled forward and the lamp continued its trajectory across the room to hit the wall. He was easily thrown to lie underneath the blond, practically restrained as he glared at amused blue eyes.
Tony curled his hands into fists, glaring at the sink below his palms. “It could speed up the process, or slow it down.”
Immediately, he had to withhold a yelp of surprise, instead choosing to give a silent protest by smacking Steve’s chest and glaring daggers as the man chuckled again and started towards the hallway. If Peter wasn’t in the room, Tony would have immediately voiced his opinion on the treatment.
Bruce had disappeared after an hour, claiming that he would cook them dinner in order to stay calm. He wasn’t happy that the only other person who understood his level of work was gone. Natasha and Clint had gone to the gym to get out some excess energy along with Sam. The three had been easy going since everything had happened but having heard of the failed capture had put a dent in their mood.
As promised, Bucky had woken him with coffee that morning, and Steve had been sitting nearby reading through some reports. The two had fussed and helped him get ready for the day, before wheeling him to breakfast with the team. He had been more talkative with the group, even laughing at a few of Clint’s jokes. No one remarked that the spark Tony had been missing was suddenly back.
“So, does that mean you’re going to let him join us?” A new voice asks, one that hasn’t been hovering over Tony.
He didn’t see the grin Bruce threw at Steve behind him, or the way the soldier smirked like he’d won the world’s greatest battle. For the first time, Tony decided to let himself enjoy the small moment for his son, even if it wouldn’t last.
Tony found himself having to restrain a pout when he found that Steve was no longer laying on the bed but setting aside his book to stand instead. The thought that he was even a little upset over losing the cuddles with the blond was startling to Tony.
Tony wasn’t just fine.
He’d learned quickly that both men were like furnaces, and that there was no way he would dream of the dark cave in Afghanistan when the warmth chased his nightmares away.
Tony noted that despite the rage, Peter still controlled his strength. He could have chosen to squeeze his fingers into the genius’ flesh. He could have cut him open and hurt him, to teach him a lesson. Like the soldiers had done…
“I get that,” Tony shrugged at her incredulous look, smiling as he spoke. “My kid isn’t a mutant, but a radioactive spider bit him, and now he’s the cutest spider there ever was. And trust me, he’s the only spider I like,” he added.
“Don’t you fucking call me that,” Tony seethed, ignoring the warning and any sense of self-preservation. “Only my friends get to call me that, and you’re not my friend asshole. I’m not fucking sweet nor am I am yours, you psychopathic elephant. Now get the fuck off me!”
“Make me proud, J,” Tony lifted his glass, removing a small remote with a single button he’d always kept on his person. “Thank you for being there for me.”
“Tony, you’re awake,” Roger’s observes.
He’d also gotten the doctor to retrieve an oxygen mask that had stronger straps, one that would require both hands to remove with its wrap around buckle. When he was sure that Tony wasn’t going to further injure himself or move, Rogers had asked the doctor to leave.
He was rocking, back and forth. Whether it was to calm the kid or himself, Tony didn’t know. Peter coughed, little fists holding tightly onto the genius’ shirt.
Walking into the kitchen, Tony almost jumped a foot in the air at the sight of Natasha sitting casually at the counter, a sandwich sitting in front of her.
Tony smiled, “so we just have to wait a few hours.”
“Want me to help you get dressed?” Steve asked, surprising the genius that he was even asking instead of inserting himself without warning.
“What are you thinking Tony?” She inquired.
“I’ll grab the first aid kit!” Steve was already on his feet, looking absolutely concerned for the boy as he all but sprinted from the table to grab the item.
“Blood loss,” the man explained. “He’ll be fine. Let’s get to the craft and we can set you two up in the back with medical while we get out of here.”
His whole body stiffened for a moment before the panicked struggling started. Anything to get away from what the water meant. Were they truly going to go so far as to waterboard him? Had they not tortured him enough?
“I… I told you to run,” Tony managed to say through his sobs, tight grip loosening ever so softly as the tears began to slow down.
“No one leaves the compound, no one. We’re set for years, and they can’t find this place. You said it yourself Tony, the only people who even know this place exists are already living here.” Happy shrugged.
“If Tony is going on the mission, it’s only fair that I volunteer myself,” Rhodey spoke up. “I still have the suit he made me, so I can be of some help out there in case we encounter bogies.”
Carol laughed, traversing the room and heading towards the door that was already starting to open to reveal Sam, coming to fetch her again for training. “That’s Captain Marvel to you, Tony!”
The group quickly grew comfortable in the room, silent as they relaxed. The music was a bit quieter, Tony explaining he’d like to figure out what type of arrow Clint was looking for before he just allowed the man to take one to test.
The action seemed to spur on the rest of the room, and soon enough there wasn’t a corner of the warehouse that wasn’t in some sort of altercation.
He had grimaced upon finding that both wrists had been badly damaged upon the metal ramp that he’d tried desperately to pry open. His fingers protesting any flexing as he was basically mummified from wrist down.
“I got you Tones,” the man reassured, a soft (albeit sad) smile on his face. Peter was sitting beside Rhodey, having lifted the genius’ legs onto his lap so that he was still close. The other two had left the room, giving Tony the dignity of having his breakdown in the privacy of his family.
Although still not completely awake or understanding of what exactly was happening, Tony took a moment to attempt to evaluate the strange feelings coursing through his veins.
Taking Rhodey’s advice, Tony immediately fell back onto the bed and pretended to be hurt more than he was. It did nothing, as she paused by his groaning form and smacked his shoulder with the force of someone who wanted to leave a bruise.
With a frown, Tony threw off the covers from his body and stumbled to his feet, rubbing at his eyes as he tried to shake away the sleep. He vaguely remembered the music player from the night before, but it was no longer where Steve had placed it on the nightstand.
“But what if the serum accelerates the process?” Peter panicked. “What if you get sick and you can’t fix it?”
my kid. You hunted us down Steve! Because as long as you got what you wanted in the end, you didn’t care! Hell, I had a goddamn heart attack because of you! I’ve lost my entire family, because of you!”
The order was well received, as immediately they turned to the right and started flying straight into a direction that Tony couldn’t even begin to name. The sound of his kidnappers, the men he still couldn’t believe he was leaving behind, fading into nothing as the wind flew past them.
However, the thoughts are torn when he starts to shiver from the lack of warmth. It seems the discomfort is known, as Steve is leaning over him with his hands moving to tuck under his armpits. “I’m going to lift you, close your eyes so you don’t get discombobulated.”
It was beautiful and looked like something that only the genius would come up with. It had fit the escape wonderfully, the same colors as Cap’s own uniform, a mockery to the soldiers.
“You fucking tortured me, so I’d
Standing immediately, the older man smiled and held out a hand for Tony to shake. He was a little shorter than Tony, with round glasses and graying hair. He wore a button up shirt and pressed pants, a red tie adorning his neck, looking like a man from the past rather than the present.
Thank you so much for the kudos, bookmarks, and comments! I love reading them :)
The scene changes and Tony is on the ground, staring up as Peter swings back and forth above him. He holds Tony’s Stark Pad just out of reach so that the billionaire can’t grab it.
Peter, whom hadn’t made a sound, suddenly scoffed at the black screen. “And he’ll never tell the public that this so called mutant is only fifteen!” He waved an exasperated hand in the air, still too young to fully comprehend that the words had been a threat against Tony.
After a few beats of silence, Peter spoke gently.
“Did she hurt you sweetheart?” Steve asks, gently, trying to coax Tony to look at him so he can get a closer inspection of the man’s neck.
By the time Carol finally made her last trip to the table, Tony had already finished changing the widow bites so that instead of electricity, they would release puffs of harmless air. If she tried to launch anything, the bites would send the volt meant for someone else, into Natasha.
“And why is that?” Edwin asked.
“Peter apparently got Clint to promise a barbecue today. Bruce is making the side dishes, but it may take another hour before we’re ready. I wanted to see if you wanted to help me.”
It was mildly uncomfortable, but not so much so that Tony would move the child away from his lap.
Tony lifted his fists, and the tension in the room thickened.
In return, Steve had reached forward and grabbed at it, bringing Tony to look at what had left such a disgusting taste on his tongue. A bar of soap.
Finally, after listening to the argument for another fifteen minutes, the genius sat up and spoke so that he was heard by the two teens.
“Five minutes,” Tony relented. “But not a second later, okay kiddo?”
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a moment where Steve had to rip the arms from two as they tried to play a game of tug-a-war with his limbs. The tap on the shoulder had him pivoting with the metal in his hands, unable to stop the fist that connected squarely to his face.
Peter looked as if he were starting to slightly panic at the new information, his brown eyes opening wide. “Dad… what are we… you have to tell them.”
“I’m coming, doll.”
Slowly his body started to tremble, and the panic started to claw at his throat. He didn’t hear his name getting yelled as the soap began to choke him, and all he could think was that he could no longer breathe. He didn’t see the bathroom, but the dark caves as he was dunked into cold water over and over.
“Wakanda,” Loki replied, laughing when all the color left Tony’s face.
When he got another shy nod from the man, Steve grinned and leaned back, hands in his pockets. “I have a surprise for you, do you mind hanging out for just a second?” He didn’t wait for a reply, all but scurrying from the room and leaving the door open behind him.
When he throws a worried look at Steve, whose walking beside the chair, the tension in his shoulders ease at the amused look on the man’s face. Amused means the blond will likely let it go.
“It’s okay, baby. It’s okay,” he murmured, feeling his heart break as he realized that he had very likely lost the teenager he absolutely adored because of Loki. Inwardly, he vowed that he would kill the trickster the next time he saw him.
With a scream, the genius managed to rip one of his arms free from someone’s hold, wrapping it around his chest as the air completely disappeared from his lungs. The struggle abruptly ceased as he tried to breathe, his eyes squeezing shut.
“My son?” Tony couldn’t focus on anything other than those words.
Stopping in front of a set of double doors, Tony lifted his head to meet that of a softly smiling Steve. A shiver ran down his spine, and he immediately curled closer to the soldier holding him to hide the reaction. It was wrong, for someone so cruel to be able to look so kind.
“But for this mission, Master Peter has given me a codename.” Jarvis explained.
Clint stayed true to his word, and intently helped Peter build per each instruction that came from the super soldier. He pretended that he couldn’t see Natasha’s amused eye watching him get cowed by a small child.
“You’re back,” Tony replied after a moment of silence.
Would they be headed to Los Angeles? Chicago?
THANK YOU FOR THE KUDOS, COMMENTS, AND BOOKMARKS! You guys are absolutely awesome! :) Per usual, I hope this chapter makes sense, I wrote it in one sitting and wanted to get it out here 'cause I'm about to be super busy for like seven days straight. So... enjoy.
