Cas gives him a confused brow as Jack smiles from ear to ear.
Dean and Jack follow him, much to Dean’s relief.
chapter 4 playlist
Meanwhile, Dean is looking down adoringly, mouth slightly ajar as he thumbs Cas’s loose, contracting opening.
The sensation increased as one of Dean’s hands wandered to Castiel’s nipple and rubbed at the soft skin against his nylon singlet. Castiel couldn’t handle it, “Oh, Dean!”
” Dean asks curiously.
The grocery store is modest in size, although Dean wouldn’t know. He can’t remember the last time he properly went grocery shopping, mostly getting his supplies from gas stations and vending machines. It’s nice that it smells like food here rather than gasoline and piss.
Dean shoots him a look, but Bobby just wheels away from the counter, talking to Dean over his shoulder as he moves to the library, “I found this the other day - the night before you called me about your accident. Pretty sure you’ve never seen it before…”
Castiel seriously broke off the kissing, pushing past Dean to rest his head on the other boy’s shoulder. He couldn’t seem to catch his breath in an entirely different way than before.
Dean watched as he dared to let the back of the forefinger gently trace along the skin of Castiel’s face. His finger lightly traversed the sharp corners of his cheekbones, wandered over the pronounced brow, trailed down his flat ridge of his nose. He took a detour over the spot between the eye and nose, amazed at how soft the skin became. And his touch moved to Castiel’s lips…
They laugh over an episode of
Taking a deep breath, Cas hangs the used towel over the sink’s edge and grabs another from the cabinet. He hesitates before he turns off the light and heads back into the bedroom.
Sometimes, Dean wishes he was dead. He’d probably put a bullet in his head, or hang himself. He’s considered drowning too, but feels that’s too Edwardian. Probably just overdose, like he almost accomplished that one time after leaving Lisa and Ben... He thinks so many people would be better off if he weren’t alive. A burden to breathe - that’s what his dad had always said. Dean really felt like that sometimes - a waste of space. He just hates himself so much, he wonders how anyone could ever love him, especially someone as wonderful as Cas. If anything, being close to Cas was just poisoning the man he cares for. Dean understands that’s why Cas has been keeping him at arm's length, because he knows Dean will just ruin his life. But now they’re getting close again, and everything’s changing...
“What?! It’s just a question!” Ash defended. He turned back to Castiel, “So?”
Cas’s eyes skim over the kitchen and catch Hannah’s. She’s paused over the stove, meat sizzling as she stares at Cas. Cas’s eyes bug out and he clears his throat, trying to save face. Hannah doesn’t buy it. Her brow cocks, “You see a ghost?”
Dean takes the last bite of his food he’d been saving and thinks about how to put his long past relationship with Jack’s father figure.
He felt too embarrassed to ask, biting his lip as he turned his head so his nose hit the back of Dean’s ear. Castiel inhaled, wondering when he’d be this close to Dean again.
Dean thickly swallows down the truth and replies cockily, “Guess I’m not as elegant as I thought.”
Coach Singer sighed heavily, “Okay.”
He let go of Castiel, as if just then realizing he had still been holding on to him. Dean rolled over and laid next to Castiel.
“Marines,” Donna oohs.
“I’m just surprised you’re so popular,” Jody steals Benny’s attention back, “How do you all know each other?”
Dean chuckles, “Oh, yeah?”
“First, you tell me who the hell that is!” Dean explodes, gesturing to the hall behind Cas that Jack has just disappeared into.
“I suppose you could ask him,” Naomi began with a grin in her voice, “Or Amanda Heckerling.”
Cas could be described as pissed. He was accustomed to rude customers, but the circumstances shaping this particular day has the lone trucker pushing all the wrong buttons. He tries to steady his breath again to calm down.
Another tire goes and for a second Dean thinks this is it, the end of his own road. Then, he spies a runaway ramp right before the turn.
“Cas,” he repeated, “It’s like a nickname. Is that okay?”
Time doesn’t phase Dean. He feels like a piece of dust being blown around the face of a rock as it hurtles towards a big ball of fire - wherever the sun meets him is just a chance, not as a schedule. Instead, he measures minutes by miles. He’s always had the inclination of being a nightowl anyway, never really having a good relationship with sleep.
“You pass through often?” Jody asks.
Dean sighs, “You can do it, Charlie. Just ask her for drinks or something! Super casual.”
But he can’t walk away. He
Ketch turns to Dean, cross as hell, “What were you even thinking? If you could make that extra contract to Springs I would have been ordering you to take it for a while now, don’t you think? Scamming weigh stations… And I can’t believe you hadn’t informed anyone either! You know that’s why it took us so long to find you, right?”
“Actually,” she smiled, Samandriel tugging at her hair, “I was hoping you would study with me? After dinner.”
“Oh,” Cas turns and starts to walk down the stairs, “Good.”
Dean’s fingertips slipped away from Castiel’s skin as the boy got up fully. The smell of their combined mess hit Dean then, and he wrinkled his nose as he started to get up, grunting at the harsh pain in his back.
“I can’t, Anna,” he bit his lip, getting out their last half loaf of bread, “I told you, I have practice tonight. State is only five days away.”
“What is it?”
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice came from Dean’s side, soft and concerned, “Where does it hurt?”
“Castiel!” Coach Singer’s voice came through from his open office, right near the doors to the boy’s locker room, “Come here real quick.”
“But they canned ya for
Dean shook his head and let go. He got up and looked around, “Man, we must have really gotten into it.”
She opened her mouth as if she were going to make another effort, but the ringing of the doorbell cut her off.
“Really? Why?” Anna asked Naomi with growing interest.
“Castiel,” Anna began, “Why didn’t you tell Coach Singer what really happened? Then-”
“Don’t,” Bobby urges. His hand appears at the top of the book as he gently pushes it to Dean, “Why don’t you go show this to Cas?”
“About being captain, duh!”
Dean had no idea what Castiel was talking about, but he’d do anything he asked, “Okay.”
Ash laughed and said, “Okay, neutral.”
Dean looks at him skeptically. Cas swallows and squints his eyes, trying to be serious for once.
He pumps his hips once, twice, and then again and he is at the end. Another wave crashes over Cas, and then another, and Cas feels like he’s cum more just then than he has in years on his own. Cas feels Dean’s slick, messy grip loosen but does not leave Cas’s cock as he strokes him through it. Dean’s own cock is losing its mass inside of Cas. But both of them can’t seem to catch their breath, so enraptured in the shared experience.
” Dean’s voice stutters excitedly.
Dean’s tongue is licking his rim again, and Cas feels nasty. He bites his lip and tugs at Dean’s hair, “Nn, no I want your cock in me. Please.”
“Thanks,” Dean replies shortly to Cas as if he is any other wait staff, turning back to Benny, “I heard you got stuck with suicide jock loading, though…”
Dean led Castiel along the road, past the entrance to the embankment they frequented, and to the main entrance of Sonny’s.
Cas tries to push Dean back so he can take control, but Dean’s hips lock in and he slams Cas back against the wall. Their teeth clack together and Cas bites hard at Dean’s bottom lip before he breaks the long, intense kiss. Dean gulps air but Cas is bending his neck so he can bite and suck at the crook of Dean’s neck.
Castiel realized he had been silent for too long. He didn’t want to argue or beg Coach Singer, especially in front of Dean. He pointed his eyes to the corner, gave a defeated sigh and replied, “Fine.”
The water is only a light mist at their backs, so Dean squeezes a generous amount onto his  palm without worrying about it washing away. It’s a bit of a struggle, having to use his injured hand to use the tube. But he manages, and he lays the tube back down carelessly, working some lube onto his fingers. Cas has quieted down, and Dean leans forward to kiss and suck at the nape of his neck. Cas hums and Dean’s hands are back to Cas’s lower half.
?” Ash chortled.
Cas sighs, “Alright.”
“So... Be with me?”
Cas nods again, although his emotions begin to spiral, “Okay, thank you. Claire and Jack should be leaving in around an hour. I’ll be back by close. If you need anything or something happens just-”
Castiel paused and held Dean’s eyes, feeling the weight of the moment: “But when you’re here, with me, I’m excited.”
Not a lot is clear about he and Dean’s future. But one thing is for sure, and that is Cas will be especially loud tonight.
Modern technology is a miracle, because Cas is able to rent it from some streaming site through his television! Jack and Cas tease him about being so behind the times while Dean marvels at the insanely fast loading time and high quality!
After Jack turned sixteen, Cas had surprised him by renovating the loft above the diner. He had decided to offer the pad to Jack rather than buy a house for them both because, well, he thought this is what he would have liked better when he was a teenager. It was a space that Jack could call his own, and although it had initially panicked Cas to think of Jack not at the apartment, he thought it would ultimately be for the best. It’s, as the kid’s would say, “pretty cool” of him. Although he didn’t feel cool at all when he’d surprised Jack with the space. Cas recalls Jack’s birthday and the first time he had shown him the loft.
Dean’s other hand is uselessly gripping Cas’s hip. Useless because Cas is roughly smacking his ass back on Dean’s cock, breaths ripping from his mouth.
He ducked over to his locker, giving Dean the quickest excuse he could come up with, “I don’t think I can… I have to look after my siblings.”
“Okay.”
Castiel smirked, “It’s chemistry, Anna, not biology. You’ll probably light some stuff on fire.”
Cas’s brow furrows, “What do they say?”
“Little chili! Ya get it?” Dean elbows Cas, “Because it’s literally a small chili.”
When Jo approached them, she slammed down four shot glasses on the table. Dean and Castiel looked from the glasses up to her. Castiel gulped thickly as she held up an unopened handle of vodka with a broad grin.
“Alright,” Dean jingles the keys in his hand and feels his feet move once more, “Okay.”
“I have a class with her.”
“Hey, Jack,” Cas starts, rubbing at his head that is beginning to form a harsh headache, “I’m going home for a bit and I won’t be back by the time you head out.”
The page is black and white group photos of different clubs with the student’s names written on the side. One of the sections is for the boy’s wrestling team, and there he spies Castiel and him, standing side by side in the second row. He reads the names just to double check:
“Hey, uh,” Anna began nervously, “Could you help me with my math?”
“And what the hell is that supposed to mean, mister ‘high school didn’t mean anything’?”
He tries to catch up, so he supplements the rest of the question: “And my dad passed away when I was twenty-three from a heart attack. He was a trucker too.”
That gets them going again, and everyone is laughing as they go to turn out of the aisle. Dean is so enraptured in hearing Cas’s laugh and just sharing joy with others again that he nearly runs into a person walking past the entrance of the aisle.
Cas’s brow creases in pain and his eyes dart to the side. He thought he could withstand it, but god, was it like a stab to the chest to hear Dean confirm that it was him.
Cas barely has time to mutter out, “Sure.”
Still treading lightly, Dean slowly moves forward to brush his lips against Cas’s. Cas presses into Dean, slotting their lips together. They inhale deeply together, Dean’s good arm wrapping around Cas. Cas’s back arches into him as his hands grip Dean’s shirt at his chest. Dean hums into Cas, feeling his tongue lick at his lips. He knows what Cas wants. But Dean is self conscious, knowing his breath is probably beyond bad.
Dean screams and punches the side of the trailer, the pain in his forearm screaming. The metal echoes pitifully, and Dean splays his hand out on the cold sheet of metal. He wasn’t angry at Peterbilt, he was angry with himself.
Dean chuckles, “
Anna laughed, “Well, hopefully.”
Not wrong, that was a lot of cum fairly quickly, Cas thinks. Dean’s cock is softening in Cas’s mouth, but Cas doesn’t let go, doesn’t look up at Dean as he tries to move away. Cas begins sucking at Dean’s cock again, tongue moving around the semi-flaccid dick. Dean even tries pushing helplessly at Cas’s head to get off him, exclaiming, “Tss! What the hell, I’m sensitive right now- ah!”
“Just a little,” Jack defends, turning to prep the rest of the barback.
“Pager, pigeon carrier, smoke signals? Hell you know what I mean!”
Dean looks over, not knowing how to answer. Again, Cas thankfully answers for him, “Dean was nice enough to offer to pick you up, Jack. But he has to get going, and we have to go grocery shopping for tonight before it gets too late.”
He pulls off with a pop, spit sloppily stringing from his mouth to Dean’s dick. He moves his hand to stroke Dean again as he replies, “Don’t. You’re going to cum in me.”
“Please,” Cas repeats meaningfully. Dean searches Cas’s eyes and feels he’s genuine.
Castiel gave himself another once over in the mirror of his darkened room. He’d wanted to change from his school wear, but didn’t want to make it seem like he was trying too hard. Castiel opted for Gabriel’s hand-me-down black boots instead of his regular sneakers, and untied them for the fourth time.
Castiel started to lie down, but Dean interrupted him, “No, I meant over here.”
Castiel got up and asked, “What did I miss?”
Cas nods, ripping off the paper and folding it, “I was about to leave… I just thought I wouldn’t wake you.”
“I want to look at you when you lie to me,” Dean growls. Cas’s trapped cock drools with precum between their bodies, his legs spread around Dean but his ankles are pinned down under Dean’s feet. Cas’s gaping hole twitches against Dean’s cockhead. He’s gasping with want, but his eyes are digging into Dean’s stubbornly.
Jack’s eyes shift around as he nods gently. Cas puts a hand on his shoulder, “I know, parties can be a lot. But they’re also stupid. No pressure. I think you should try to go, and if you don’t have a good time then at least you tried.”
Anna huffed, “Well now I don’t want to tell you.”
“Mm,” Castiel thought, trying to remember the rules Dean had told him on the walk over. The memories were all fuzzy, though. Still, he rolled with it and gestured to Ash randomly.
“You like Cas and Cas likes you. But he didn’t tell me about you... I just want to get to know you now,” Jack replies bluntly, “I don’t think that’s so weird.”
Dean chuckled again, “That’s a delicate way of saying she’s an overbearing bitch, but okay. Huh, guess you really are a nice guy, Cas.”
Most teenagers may be a bit embarrassed if they’re seen being picked up by their parents. Not Jack. He’s all but jumping up and down as the Impala roars up to the high school parking lot.
“You know what I do with nobodies like you, huh?” Asmod started before he was lunging with his fist towards Castiel. Castiel easily dodged him. Asmod screamed, “Get him!”
The Peterbilt’s brights reflect harshly off the slickened, black asphalt. A waitress at the local diner back in the small town twenty miles back had cautioned Dean that this particular stretch curves and tangles against mountain sides and then cuts into more hilly parts; the area is away from any towns or people, not even having overhead illumination. Well, the lady hadn’t been wrong. In fact, Dean can’t recollect the last car that passed him.
Castiel didn’t say anything, but Dean felt a knee beside his hip as the bed ached under the additional weight. He looked back to Castiel in shock just as his other knee came over so he was above Dean, straddling his waist.
Suddenly, Dean’s hand leaves Cas’s cock and completely pulls out of Cas. He gives Cas’s hips a push and all the contact between them is lost. Cas gasps and starts looking behind him, biting out, “What the hell--”
Cas takes a deep breath, “I don’t know how you feel about our… Arrangement.”
Dean doesn’t say anything, and Cas feels his heart beating faster every second the silence passes. Finally, he swallows his pride and asks dumbly, “What was that for?”
“Ash says that Dean boy wants to try out,” Coach Singer cuts into Castiel’s thoughts. Castiel’s eyes darted back to the coach. The teacher sighed, “I’m not going to stop him, but…”
His eyes dart to the side, seeing the diner full and a pulse of anxiety overtakes him - he doesn’t have time for this anymore. He looks back to the man, who is staring even more intensely at Cas’s face now. Cas braces his nerves and clears his throat, asking just as rudely as the man had responded, “So, you want anything besides coffee?”
It’s not exactly true, but his current situation is just a bit much to explain to this kid.
“Here,” Dean said, pulling back some branches. Past the trees was the green slope that ran down to the brook. But this area was cleared from brush and only had voluptuous grass, cradled by the higher plants on either side, leading down to the muddy bank.
Dean continues, “So you fuck everybody like this?”
“You were nearly sergeant and we were an infantry unit,” Benny interjects, “Nothing to sneeze at.”
Cas blushes, trying not to think about what he had just done in his apartment in case Hannah and Bart can read it on his face. He waves his hand, replying as casually as possible, “I’m better now, really. You kids take off early, don’t worry about me.”
“Well, it doesn’t matter now,” Castiel’s hands were suddenly at Dean’s back. He jumped under the touch and he tried to get away once more, but Castiel’s hands were different from Drex’s; he pushed down firmly on Dean’s back, forcing him to stay as he kneaded into his skin.
He regrets it almost as soon as he sends it. He resolves to not dwell on it and just get ready. But as soon as he turns off the screen, his phone dings again. He looks and sees Dean’s response. Cas opens it quickly and reads: “
Dean sets an alarm on his phone and considers looking up some porn on his hotspot Sam had set up during Christmas. But he decides against it, knowing he’s already a little behind, what with a nap that he desperately needs. He just softly grinds his aching member into the narrow mattress, imagining laying next to Cas instead of a cramped cubby off the interstate. His horny thoughts and the muted sounds of traffic lull him into another fitful sleep.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said, picking at the jean at his knee, “There’s already a lot of rumors…”
Cas watches Dean’s throat work as he starts to say, “Your mouth is- fuck, so soft. And your voice- AH!”
“Cas, you idiot,” Dean muttered to himself under his breath, knowing the door handle auto locked after being closed. He took one of the keys, slipped on his socks, shoes, and his coat, Dean snuck out.
Raul and Jervis stopped and stood next to Castiel. Raul had short, slick black hair, pale white, and had a harsh lazy eye. Jervis was scrawnier than the other two boys, with dark red brown skin, and wore thick-rimmed glasses with an athletic string attached.
Jody and Donna exchange an eye roll. Cas sighs and is about to turn away from them when the bell rings at the front door. Cas looks just as Jody, Donna, and Benny do to the entrance of a worn leather jacket and short brown hair.
Castiel groaned and rubbed at his temple. He really didn’t care at this point. Or, rather, he really didn’t want to care.
Five different drills like this and Coach Singer called for a break. Castiel wished he hadn’t; he wasn’t tired and for the first time in a while he wished practice would be over.
He thought about the first time Dean had kissed him, how he’d pulled away and blown it off; how it
Jo shook her head and sat up fully, cracking her knuckles, “Yeah, we’ll see about that.”
Cas nods and turns back around, silently cursing himself for his faux pas.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“Uck! Am not!”
“Yes!” Cas begs.
As he approached Castiel’s bed, he noticed that his back was turned away from Dean. He watched for a moment as the mass under the thin comforter slowly rose and fell in a safe sign of peaceful slumber. Dean wondered how full of bullshit Drex was as he carefully slid under a tiny corner of the exposed sheets on the other side.
“He did all three!” Ash said with dramatic flair. It landed, and the other boys chattered amongst themselves in fear. He paused before continuing, “And he starts here. Tomorrow!”
Cas seems to lean towards Dean, letting his own playful smile grow, “You mean this beard?”
Dean raises a curious brow, “You need another drink too?”
Castiel gave Dean a quick glance and said, “No, I think I’m good.”
Donna is happy to share and seems quite taken by Dean as he pops one in his mouth. Cas notices that Jody, on the other hand, is still looking on skeptically.
“No,” Dean said, closer now, “I didn’t make it clear.”
“You’re laughing at me!”
“You do it!” Jack defends. Cas raises his brow, but Jack is smiling, “Please?”
She was quiet for a moment, finishing a sentence for an essay question. She set her pencil down and looked into the distance, saying randomly, “That Dean kid is in my class.”
Castiel’s lips never failed to amaze Dean of their voluptuousness, but he was even more nonplussed by the initiation. Dean instinctively began to pull back, gasping against Castiel’s mouth. But Castiel persisted, pushing further up into Dean until he relented.
Castiel wriggled his body as he felt the pooled heat in his pelvis expand to his cock. He hadn’t had an erection in a while, but he wasn’t going to start jerking off to his best friend. In the end, the kiss had been a mistake on Dean’s part. Dean didn’t like Castiel, and Castiel was ashamed that the kiss had ignited a fire in his heart for the other.
“Think it’ll ice over?” Donna asks Cas.
Cas blinks and looks around. Jack isn’t on the floor. Cas blinks, going to the kitchen. He walks around it, as if he can't see with his eyes that Jack isn’t there either.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean growls, his thrusts losing rhythm.
“I’m not- Argh!” Cas exclaims, “What I was trying to say is that I only see him like once or twice a month. And we mainly just, um, we just…”
“Yep. Been to every state.”
A laugh choked out of Ash, and soon Dean and Jo followed. Castiel didn’t see what was so funny, but he was glad that at least he hadn’t made a social faux-pas.
Dean’s arm wrapped around Castiel's shoulder and the worry was easily replaced by a different, stranger set of nerves. Dean started them walking, saying, “Good! C’mon, can’t keep Dr. Badass waiting.”
” Dean gushes.
“This is so unfair!” Anna shouted.
He returns and pulls some clothes out of his drawers. Laying them on the bed, an object on his nightstand he hadn’t noticed before catches his eye. Cas moves over to it and his heart is in his throat.
He remembered the other night, on the gym floor, as he peeled back Castiel’s singlet and looked upon his near naked, wanting body. That was the stuff of dreams, and Castiel had exceeded all expectations that he’d been suffocating.
“Well, then!” Jo said with a smile, pushing back up and lining the shot glasses in a row, “How about a Harvelle fire line? I even brought an extra glass.”
Raul and Jervis laughed heartily. Castiel tried to laugh too, but felt wrong in a way he didn’t recognize.
“Is it weird?” Jack swallows.
“Yes, you feel very good,” Cas cries, “I want more.”
Castiel had bent his head down and Dean’s words were cut off by the sensation of Castiel’s lips and tongue on the side of his neck. His tongue was incredible, feeling sparks from that one spot of skin that Castiel was tentatively nibbling at now. He pushed out the rest of his words: “What am I supposed to do?”
“No, I meant about this morning. Y’know, exploding on you without even knowing what was going on,” Dean rubs the back of his neck with his good arm, “So I’m sorry. You’re pretty cool.”
Cas grabs Dean’s bicep, dragging him through the door and slamming it behind them.
Dean seemed uncomfortable, “I mean, I probably won’t be here long enough to actually have a real relationship, or whatever. But I’m not about to start hooking up with people, y’know? Town’s too damn small for that crap.”
Castiel looked up at him, a glimmer of hope cutting through skeptical words, “Do you really  think that’d work?”
Dean and Cas had been keeping each other warm all night. Dean had arrived at Cas’s around ten the night before and they hadn’t been able to tear themselves from each other until this last round of sex.
“Oh…” Cas feels foolish.
Dean’s hair was soft. Castiel liked running his fingers through it. His hair was longer at the top, so that’s where he petted him.
Castiel shrugged, “I guess he is.”
“Fuck,” Dean groaned, falling back on the couch and taking a drink, “I friggin’ hate ‘bust a jive.’
Castiel’s own wandering hand came back to the two’s aching members, loosely fisting them and moving his hand up and down. Dean had no other option but to moan into Castiel, feeling the boy’s own cock pressed against his in Castiel’s grip.
“Looks like trouble,” Jody’s low voice wakes Cas up.
“Mhm,” her eyes skate over Dean in a way that makes him feel like he’s being eaten, “And who’s this? New bodyguard?”
“This has nothing to do with you,” Cas’s voice is rising.
“Fuck, oh!” Cas calls at the burst of pleasure.
thanks again, hope you enjoy!
“Drink it, bitch!” Ash called as Jo laughed and tossed Dean a beer.
? Seems like a pure accident,” Bobby rolls into the kitchen and pours them a stiff drink without skipping a beat, He shoots a skeptical look over to Dean as he says, “Or there’s something else...?”
Dean nods enthusiastically.
Over the years, Dean had forgotten the subtler details of Cas; how blue his eyes really could get the closer he got, an extraordinary kaleidoscope effect. How truly soft yet grooved his upper lip was, and how he turned to mush when Dean kissed there. But there are other things he could never forget…
Castiel blushed and kicked at the ground. He looked back up at Dean and said, “You know, you could stay here too. I’m still worried about you walking back alone.”
“Anna,” Castiel began quietly, touching her hand, “Don’t. Go to class.”
“Okay, you’re really not going to serve me?” Dean asks in slight astonishment. Cas eyes the bar stools and loses his fake smile once he makes sure the bar is safely clear of any nearby customers.
Dean quickly forced his eyes to stare at the TV, but he wasn’t receiving any of the images or  sound, being replaced with a ringing in his ear. His mind raced as he felt himself getting hard. Shame took centerstage, his only reprieve was that Ash was deep asleep and that the other two weren’t facing him.
Dean pulls his tongue back and slurs into Cas’s mouth, “Where’s your bed?”
A liberal amount of lube and a switch to a low vibrate setting and Cas is more than ready.
He could feel Castiel’s hands become fists against his chest as a response. Dean sighed heavily... Ash had told Dean about the entire “Kline fiasco” during his first week in Smallville:
Castiel felt all his anger - about everything - come to a head as he was able to lock Dean’s legs with his, flip them, and pin Dean’s neck, shoulders and arms with his forearms.
Cas slams his back against the kitchen wall as he flings himself back from the serving window he’d been peering through. He can’t seem to catch his breath. The memories of young Dean and him becoming friends coupled with their last interaction behind the diner are enough to fuel Cas for at least another year. Seeing Dean now, casually sipping coffee at his bartop, is overwhelming.
Dean whispered one last goodbye, “Goodnight.”
Dean turns to leave, but Cas’s voice comes quickly, “I mean- Will you stay at the hotel or…?”
Cas loses some momentum then, wanting to instigate a fight and not a chat. His brow furrows, eyeing Dean up and down; the leather jacket is gone, leaving a fresh red button up with a black tee underneath. His clothes hug his toned figure well. Cas tries again: “You look terrible.”
There was a stickiness between their bare chests that made Castiel blush. He hadn’t meant to orgasm so quickly. But as he laid there with Dean, Castiel realized that Dean was no longer hard either. And while it was difficult to tell where the cum began and ended, Castiel still wondered if Dean had finished as well.
“Maybe you could come tutor me tomorrow,” Dean asked with another toothy grin, “‘Cause I’m so dumb? You know, to ‘repay’ me, or whatever.”
“What?” Benny asks through hiccuping laughter, “I’m not your type?”
Cas begins to turn away, using the same voice he would use for any other stranger passing through his diner, “Don’t forget your receipt.”
Dean ignores him, “Who, Cas? How long have you been sleeping with him? Are there others? Who even are you?”
Dean barked out a real laugh, but then bit it back as both he and Castiel looked up at the house. Castiel chuckled, amused at their mutual fear. Dean laughed more quietly at them both. He lightly punched Castiel’s shoulder, “C’mon, let’s get you on that roof.”
Castiel understood now. His curiosity made him question what Dean would say and do if he saw how hard he made Castiel.
Dean shrugs and stands straight, “Give me a break, I walked.”
“I was…” Cas starts, finally gathering the courage to meet Dean’s eyes again, “I was surprised to see you earlier… With Benny.”
He pulls his fingers out and Cas feels a sexy messiness as Dean wipes his fingers on his rim. Dean’s fingers lead in his cock to where his fingers had been playing and Cas relaxes around his head spreading him again.
His mind was clear with the cold September air that filtered through his lungs evenly. The day was overcast and he got lost in the rolling gray of the wide Kansas sky.
Bobby runs his finger down the spines of a stack of bigger books before he effortlessly slips one out from the bottom of a tower without letting a single other fall. The book is large and vinyl covered, with embossed letters on the front; Smallville yearbook, the year Dean went there. Bobby flips it open to the middle and goes through a few pages before he hands it to Dean. He delicately takes it from Bobby’s hands.
Dean sighs heavily, wanting to do anything but that. He’d refrained from letting Cas know what had happened for several reasons: one, it was actually shameful. Two, he thought it put him in a bad light that he didn’t have a job and was out on his luck. But both those reasons don’t matter anymore. He shakes his head softly, “You really want to know?”
“Haven’t you been with a guy?” Ash continued.
Dean’s eyes wander over Cas’s face, “Yeah, okay.”
Castiel looked to the side instead of rolling his eyes. Coach Singer bringing up the fact it was Friday was ridiculous, since this had been the coach’s hairbrained scheme anyway. Castiel agreed though, the sooner they started the quicker it would be over. He took off his sweats and hustled over to them.
He wished he could say more, actually communicate to Castiel how unbelievable this felt. But he was still somewhat aware that they were outside and the rest of his mind was preoccupied. Dean dug his back against the tree, trying to stave his twitching hips from thrusting into Castie’s mouth like some heathen.
He hates himself for being so affected by the ecstasy, embarrassed at the words that had escaped him while in the throws of passion. He reflects on them like shards of memories after a night of drinking. He questions how much he has revealed of himself that even he didn’t know how to deal with yet.
Castiel changed at lightning speed as the other boys hit the showers, wanting to leave before Dean got back from talking with Coach Singer. And he accomplished that; he exited the locker room and could have clicked his heels together with joy that he had successfully escaped.
Dean’s tongue licked Castiel’s lip again and he moved his hips in response. Dean’s hand was back at Castiel’s nipple, the other touching his stomach. His hands fisted in Dean’s hair and against his chest as a moan escaped him. When his mouth opened to moan, Dean’s tongue slipped in and pressed against Castiel’s tongue.
Cas is more satisfied by feeling Dean’s mouth against his than by any other. The realization crashes over him, and his hands grip tight against Dean’s shirt so he’s not knocked over by his own thoughts.
The past six weeks since Dean showed his face, Cas has been meticulously replaying the memories of Dean and Castiel becoming friends.
Cas stops in his tracks, hand still on the doorknob.
The diner opens again the day after Christmas. Despite it being busy, Cas feels as if he drifts through the day. His mind is far off, in a world that dares to fantasize about the future.
“Cas, what do you think?” Drex asked.
Dean feels deep sorrow and empathy for the kid.
Ash had added some outlandish details about the Kline’s house being defaced with slurs and dog shit. And how Asmod was the first to normalize calling him “fag” at school. Why on earth Castiel had put up with all the abuse still confused Dean, despite Castiel’s explanation. Nonetheless, Dean had seen some of the results of all that for himself from his time in Smallville...
Castiel kept to himself and was silently slipping into his jeans when he heard Dean’s voice, “Thanks for helping.”
Dean clears his throat and tries not to feel uncomfortable, “I, uh, didn’t go to college.”
“Does this time not mean anything either?” Castiel was proud of how evenly his voice came out.
Castiel cleared the space and kissed Dean once more. Dean inhaled through his nose and his hands on Castiel’s thighs tightened. Their bare chests pressed together and Dean involuntarily bucked up into him.
“Ah, you know Castiel’s gonna win this one,” Ash groaned.
Dean looks away, rubbing his neck nervously as he begins to ramble, “Look, I’m sorry to barge in on your family, or whatever. I’ve had, like, a total shit week. Then I drove all night, my phone died, and I did knock, but- I’m just making excuses. Look, I wanted to see you, okay? I really am sorry. About yelling at your kid too, I guess...”
“So?”
Castiel watched frost grow across the windowpane. He wondered if it would snow soon. Castiel looked over to the rapidly sinking sun; the days were getting shorter.
Right?”
Dean chuckles as he shuts his eyes once more, “You like
Dean rolled his eyes and caught Castiel’s look. He smiled and shook his head. Cracking open the beer, foam started overflowing.
Dean tries not to panic, jumping to the conclusion that Cas has confided in his apparent son about their relationship while keeping Dean in the dark. He decides to act skeptical, “You do?”
“Jesus, Jo,” Dean choked out, “Can’t we just have a beer or something?”
“I know, angel,” Dean breathes against Cas’s lips, “Me too.”
“Sorry, Dean,” Ash said when Mr. Wyatt began to bring him down the hall.
Dean exhales with a small smile, “Here is my favorite place to be. Always has been.”
Cas leaps off the bed and speeds to the door. His hand is on the handle, but he hesitates. Taking a deep, steadying breath, Cas attempts to clear his mind and fix his face with the most unassuming countenance he can muster.
Dean and Ash were both at Sonny’s, were the same grade, and Ash had introduced Dean to the wrestling team; it was natural that they would become close. Still, Ash knew a lot about everyone in the town. Castiel tried not to think about what Ash and Dean had talked about…
“I didn’t say that,” Castiel defended quietly. Anna deflated, replying, “He was my lab partner, that’s all. He’s pretty cool, actually.”
“Oh, that’d be great,” Drex eagerly slid down onto the floor and sat patiently as Castiel rested where Drex had just been.
Castiel immediately turned and jumped over the rail and into the patch of trees down the decline towards the brush. He could hear Al call: “Oh, think you can run and hide, eh Asstiel?”
“But I am inside of you,” Dean’s voice has a smirk in it, and he massages Cas’s prostate. Cas’s foot loses its grip on Dean’s thigh and digs into the mattress as Cas grits his teeth in pleasure.
thank you to everyone who waited for an update - like i said before, i am committed to finishing this fic!
The trucker chatter quiets and Cas suspects they’ve noticed. Cas’s own eyes hesitantly dare to look at the situation unfold:
Castiel huffed, “Check before you answer!”
Dean is a bit stunned, but feels grounded when Cas catches his eyes and repeats himself, “Okay, sure.”
“Ash, is it true?” one of the teammates, Drex, asked on the other side of the locker room, “About that new boy at the house? Is he really coming here?”
“Ha, thanks,” Dean doesn’t know what to say.
“Dean-” Castiel’s voice was like sandpaper, rubbing Dean down and smoothing his edges. Dean’s hips moved of their own accord, wild and wanting. The waves of ecstasy washed over Dean, and he could feel his cock twitching as he came.
“How?”
Cas shakes those buzzing thoughts away and replies, “Yeah, there’s a motel past the roadhouse bar. You take a right out of here, go down a bit, left on Willmaker Drive, and then it’s on the left.”
“Hung-y,” Samandriel began to cry. Castiel sighed and got up, taking Samandriel’s hand to walk with him to the kitchen. Castiel made a big pot of spaghetti, but they didn’t have any cheese or bread left. He used the last of the salt.
Dean’s eyes light up and Cas has to hold back a pained groan. He continues just as seriously, “But you can’t come to the diner again. And you still can’t stay here.”
“I will!” Jack yells back.
“Bottom,” Dean added quickly.
“Down the hall,” Cas replies as Dean bites his lip. Cas tries to push against Dean again, but the man still won’t let up. Instead, Dean presses the hardest he has against Cas, completely pinning him to the wall. Dean breaks the kiss and pushes his forehead against Cas’s. He says breathlessly, “Put your arms around me.”
Cas looks away, “I may or may not have taken some down whenever you came around…”
The first half of the second session was brutal. Dean felt as if every match ran into a second or third round, and he was trying to recklessly fight against the harsh pain in his young back. Dean wouldn’t have been able to make it if Coach Singer hadn’t rallied the team together during the pass. And then, in just a few matches, Smallville became one of the first people to skip past the fourth session and into Nationals when all their players came out on top.
Cas suddenly rounds the kitchen counter, standing next to Dean as he says, “Well- I suppose you could stay until I leave to pick up Jack.”
Castiel could feel his heart in his throat and he felt terrified. He broke eye contact, taking the peas off the other side of his face as he sat up slowly. He said, “I should head back soon.”
“Dean…” Castiel didn’t know if he could withstand Dean touching him down there.
The storm had rolled in just as predicted. It’s already busy, Hannah and Bart are throwing out food left and right; Jack and Claire are being especially amiable to the customers that filter in and meander out. Soon, the bar is full, not a table in sight, and the mild music from the radio is drowned out by the hum of chatter and pounding of rain. At times like this, Cas has to do a little of everything around the diner to help where he can and keep this machine oiled. Seeming to pay off, Cas is soon pleased at the register amount by the time noon comes around.
A quiet had fallen over the small group, and Castiel felt the pressure. It was the same pressure he thrived in when he was in the ring against an opponent. Owning that feeling, he took the first shot.
Castiel bit his lip and peered to the side, replying insolently, “No.”
“Mm,” Castiel mumbled, squirming in Dean’s arms, “I don’t think we’ll be found here…”
“Shit, that’s a lot of blood,” Dean commented. He looked into Castiel’s eyes, “Are you feeling alright?”
Jack turns to Dean again, “Where did you go to college?”
Castiel was pressing himself up against Dean’s body, wriggling as Dean’s lips worked against his ear curiously. Dean’s arms loosely wrapped around Castiel’s shoulders, and Castiel’s fingers played with Dean’s hips in response. Castiel’s voice was raspy as he explained: “I’ve been thinking that I want to try something with you that I’ve always...fantasized about.”
“I knew you would be trouble,” Mr. Wyatt said to Dean, pulling him aside. He turned to Anna, “Anna, you got Castiel?”
Cas must have not asked for his key back for a reason, Dean convinces himself as the Impala takes the familiar exit off to Bootbock. The reality that Cas may not be home and Dean has next to no expendable money, or a place to crash in the meantime, starts weighing on Dean. Maybe Cas trusts Dean to a small degree, and is alright with him coming in on his own. They hadn’t explicitly talked about it, but Dean might not have a choice if Cas has already left for the day. And at the worst Dean may surprise Cas, but surprises are romantic.
“Would everyone stop? What gives the impression that I would get security like that?” Cas seems agitated, and Dean can’t blame him. He wouldn’t like it either if his dirty laundry was aired all over a town.
Castiel gave her an appreciative smile, but chastised her, “Don’t swear.”
Cas’s head swivels off the bed and stares out his open bedroom door. His gut tingles with sparks, but he’s still suspicious, thinking that he’s possibly imagined the sound.
“What?”
Dean glances between a very anxious looking, half naked Cas and an eager child that is all but a stranger when the full extent of his exhaustion hits him. He’s never good at keeping a sleep schedule, but he is scared that he can’t remember the last time he slept. So he’s not very attuned to reading Cas’s body language, instead just shrugging and saying the first words that come to mind, “Sure, I can let your locksmith in, or whatever.”
“Okay Dean, are you ready to try top?” Coach Singer called as two boys left the mat. Dean stood and came to the front. Coach Singer also called for Ash. Ash got up with a long groan, shaking his head.
He begins sinking to his knees.
Dean was about to apologize, but Castiel’s eyes were slipping closed and he was moving his face further down the length of Dean’s cock until his mouth was at the base. Dean felt the wet warmth of Castiel’s tongue against the underside of his hard member with those soft lips cupping around him.
“I’ll bring you your food,” Castiel asserted. Lucifer looked over to him acting surprised, as if he’d just noticed Castiel’s existence. Castiel stood strong, “Just go away.”
Castiel didn’t know how to reply. He opened his eyes with hesitation when he felt Dean move to another area. Dean put the used wipe in his backpack and took out a bandage. Castiel tried not looking up at him, tried not to stare at that face that he’d been avoiding so wholeheartedly. A face that had saved Castiel’s ass. Suddenly, he was overwhelmed by the realization that he had been completely ungrateful towards Dean.
Dean grunts at Cas’s response, angling his cock down, pushing down on Cas’s ass and pressing into him at the same force; he roughly rubs right up into Cas’s prostate perfectly.
“Yeah?” Dean asks meekly.
Castiel blushed. He didn’t know how to take the compliment. Honestly, he’d also forgotten how to breathe.
“Oh, sorry!” Dean says to the man as he stops. He’s older than Dean, pale white, short and plump with wild grey hair and dressed in frumpy clothes.
Dean pushes further inside Cas. The good hand that’s not touching Cas’s cock is pulling Cas closer from the throat, the man sensually moans deep and gravily that vibrates against his hand. Dean’s mouth is loosely fitted over the top of Cas’s ear, breathing hotly as he pulls back out to the tip.
Cas nods, saying seriously, “Very much.”
Dean looked back down at Castiel with surprise. Castiel held the gaze. Dean swallowed and nodded, “Yeah. A lot.”
He heard Dean’s breath catch, saw the uncertainty in his face. He wondered if Dean would ever talk to him again after this.
Cas throws his phone on to the couch and collapses against the wall, dragging his body down to the ground. He sits and looks at nothing, only thinking of those green eyes.
“Got it,” Dean said from behind Castiel, his chin pressing against the top of Castiel’s back as he spoke.
Dean wondered where Castiel was leading them, and how much farther it would be. Just as Dean was beginning to have a moment of clarifying doubt, Castiel stopped. They had reached a part of the tree patch where the moonlight hardly reached through the pile of hibernating canopy above.
Dean tried to pull the singlet down, but as he bent his arm a sharp pain coursed down his back and he couldn’t help yelping out as his muscles seized.
“Otto,” Dean had said offhandedly. A small giggle had rippled through the class.
Cas can feel Dean’s teeth drag against his perineum as he gives the plug another pull. His voice is gruff as he asks, “You want it?”
Cas shoots him a warning look; Dean is treading in dangerous territory. But Dean has come this far - driven the distance, met Jack, talked to Cas about his accident - so he’s resolute, persisting, “C’mon, I know enough already to just be sittin’ over here making assumptions anyway.”
“Dean?” Cas’s voice is soft and hesitant, “Before you go to sleep, I, uh-”
Dean smiles back, “Sure. See ya, Bobby. Thanks for everything.”
Cas gives himself a moment before his voice chokes out: “Well, I’ll be here tomorrow night. You can come whenever.”
Dean’s incredulous, “Because I have to work?”
Cas begins to work his ass with desperation against Dean’s dick. Dean is biting and kissing at Cas’s lower neck that is actually exposed, his other hand wrapped around Cas’s waist as they push into each other.
The embankment had iced over and the once soft, lush green grass had withered to a brittle amber for the winter; frosted and brittle. Castiel couldn’t remember the last time they’d gone there together.
chapter 6 playlist
Dean smiles to himself at the brotherly concern, “Ugh, I mean I guess I can move my extreme motorcycle stunting lesson to next week.”
?” Jack exclaims.
“Hm? Oh, um,” Cas is staring at the TV, “I love this episode of
Dean biting and licking into Cas's ear seems to be helping Cas’s compliance, moaning softly and pressing up into Dean’s dry humps like some horny teenager. Dean’s hands snake away from Cas’s on the wall and move down the front Cas’s torso. One hand goes up, the other goes down...
“Yeah,” Castiel sat up.
” Charlie puts on her best Dean voice:  “
Dean can’t look at Cas, but there’s a moment of quiet astonishment before the other man exclaims, “What?”
“Yeah, yeah. Nothing but straight R and R to the veins, got it.”
“What would I do, hm? Flip burgers? Go back to the marines? I think I’m just a little past my prime for all that,” Dean shakes his head and takes a sip of his drink, “This is the only life I know now, Bobby. Ain’t no changing that.”
Dean shudders, “Why, Cas? Why can’t you just tell me you missed me too?”
“Hmm, doesn’t quite have the same view,” Dean says, gazing into Cas’s eyes.
Cas nods, “I insist. You were both great today. I’ll count out your tips right now.”
Castiel bit his lip, knowing it was wrong to do this here. Seeing Dean take off his shirt made it all very real to Castiel; being wrong felt so right.
Castiel didn’t look away either. Dean saw him bite his lip as he leaned forward, eyes slipping closed. Dean let his eyes close too as they shared one more prolonged kiss. Rather chaste, the kiss still was one of the most passionate Dean had experienced in his young adolescence.
Dean inhales sharply, all his worst fears coming to surface. The person is a handsome young kid, but only that - a
“So?” Castiel pressed on.
As he pulls the cable to the neon sign at the front windows, he catches Jody and Donna walking in. They exchange pleasantries and all travel to the counter together, and soon Claire’s sulking in behind.
He threw out one last excuse, “Don’t you think it’ll be awkward with Ash?”
Castiel let a small, accomplished smile across his face as he turned on his heel. He hopped from the asphalt to the grass on the side of the road, in much higher spirits. He could tell Dean was still behind him, so he called out, “I thought we had a doctor’s appointment?”
“You’re beautiful,” Dean’s voice came suddenly. Castiel felt the air disappear from his lungs.
“That’s not fun, Ash,” Dean turned to Castiel, “You don’t have to answer him.”
Cas gyrates his trapped, hard cock against Dean’s. Dean moans, Cas smiles.
He feels a response start to come out of him just as a fully clothed Cas enters again, patting Jack on the shoulder, “Come on, I have a meeting with Principal Mortem so we better get going.”
“Exactly!” Anna continued, hitting Castiel’s knee for punctuation, “The heat will finally be off of you for awhile!”
“You showed up here fresh out of the hospital. But I didn’t-,” Cas hesitates, “I didn’t think you’d ever meet Jack.”
Ash’s fingers tapped against the card as he eyed everyone individually. Castiel couldn’t help feeling somewhat nervous; this was a card he remembered Dean explaining because it had worried him even back then. The card was all about questions, and that was something Castiel didn’t deal with well.
“Oh, yeah?” Castiel asked, only slightly interested. He knew it was already happening; most of the school was talking about the Sonny Halloween party. Asmod had been boasting about his costume in the locker room earlier, and Dean had mocked him a little. The tease had gotten a small chuckle out of Castiel.
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel could hear the three boys’ laughter grow louder as they closed in on him. He ran to the edge of the treeline, where the slope ran down to the creekbed.
Jesus, Dean wondered if this guy would ever learn to read a room. He groaned in response.
Dean opened his eyes and tried to smile through the pain, “I can’t help it. What-”
” Charlie sounds impressed, “
It was one thing to want to be around Dean, but another to be vulnerable again after being pushed away.
Dean shook his head, speechless by being anchored down by Castiel’s lust blown eyes boring into him. His hands came up to gently touch at Castiel’s thighs on either side of him just as Castiel leaned over him. The movement pushed Castiel’s waist into his abdomen and Dean fully felt that Castiel was hard as well. His blush intensified as he asked brokenly, “Aren’t you worried about someone coming in?”
Castiel looked over with a dull expression and met Dean’s glare. He said clearly, “Leave me alone.”
Dean tried to sit up, “Wha-”
“Hey,” Cas says, approaching Hannah and Bart. They look up during their tasks, and Cas continues, “You guys can go home for the night, I got the rest of it.”
“Didn’t think you’d follow,” Dean admits to the shower wall.
Dean takes a drag from his cigarette and glances over to Ketch, seeing that he’s looking out towards the rain with a concentrated eye. Dean really doesn’t like the guy. They have a complicated past, one that involves Ketch being his sergeant for two tours and has him scraping civilian Dean up off the side of the road to offer him tuition to a trucker school and thereafter a job. And now Dean has come to him with his tail between his legs again, hating himself for having to keep groveling to this man.
“Look! When I was like twenty there was…” Bart begins.
“Awh, c‘mon, Cas. You didn’t turn me gay or whatever. And I told you, I like you,” Dean moved his thumb against the skin on Castiel’s arm, his own hand trembling from his admission. Castiel didn’t stop crying. Dean moved closer, “What’s the matter?”
The rest of the boys filtered in - including Ash with Dean - and soon Coach Singer entered.
“Is there anything else then?” Cas asks with a note of his true impatience with the conversation.
“Pinned,” Ash went and turned to Jo. She was sweating, looking around, “Um, um… Grabbing… Someone? Ugh, I don’t know!”
Castiel’s breath found him again and he pushed Dean’s hand away, “I’m fine.”
“Do you remember that embankment off of Sonny’s place?”
“Oh, hey there,” Dean chuckled.
Jody and Donna head out, promising again to be back in the afternoon; they always are. They leave but Claire remains as the weekend shift typically goes. Claire is also still in high school and the foster daughter of Jody. Although she runs with a different crowd than Jack, they get along well at work. Claire is hard edged, but she appreciates the sarcastic dialogue she shares with Cas. Even when she’s complaining, Cas can tell that she is here to work.
He closed his locker, got up, and left. His feet pounded against the old road asphalt as he walked home, trying to keep his mind from reeling out of control. He hated that he was so emotional, that he’d let the day get to him so badly.
He shrugs, “It always does this time of year.”
Dean had managed to get Peterbilt towed down to a mechanic friend who offered him generous financing to hold and repair her for Dean. Although, it’s a favor so it will take a little longer, and he has also given Dean a minimum three month time table for Peterbilt’s recovery, if at all. The situation, put into this sort of perspective, is extremely bleak.
Castiel’s hips stuttered, his hand moving away from their cocks. Dean didn’t notice, too absorbed into rocking up into the other boy. Castiel was thrusting too, but without his hand their hardened dicks slid against each other messily.
“Ah, fuck,” Dean choked out, the blaze from Castiel’s mouth and tongue almost too much against the cold outdoors of this dry Kansas winter. He’d never felt anything so good in his life.
Cas moves away instinctually, back bumping against the dumpster, stopping him, saying with the same tone, “Yeah, well, the storm passed.”
He flips the sign to close, locks the front door, and turns up the radio to let his mind wander into the blankness of cleaning just as he had after his wrenching orgasm. And thankfully the night goes on and, without looking at the clock, Cas already feels like he is winding down faster than he had hoped. All he has to return to at home is a book from the tiny local library. His movements slow.
Dean roughens his thrusts and hits Cas’s ass with his hand once more, causing a loud clap and a real sting. Cas moans enjoyably.
Dean and Cas’s heads snap back at the voice and stare at Jack, now in street clothes and standing in the hallway, backpack in one hand and empty bowl in the other. Cas steps far back from Dean, creating an immeasurable distance that makes Dean’s heart sink even further.
There was still a small tremor by the time the last bell of the day rang. Castiel was glad to not be going home right away, but not very excited for the activity that was about to begin.
“Great!” Jo said, putting a red solo cup in the middle of the coffee table and spreading the cards around it. She handed everybody a beer as Ash chatted to Dean about some television show.
Cas swallows around a lump in his throat.
“Ah, I didn’t want to make the other students look bad,” Dean joked back, taking the reed out of his mouth and tossing it next to the knife.
Cas wraps his legs around Dean’s waist and feels the plug press further out. Dean’s cock slides against his and they moan into each other’s mouths. Dean dry thrusts his body against Cas’s, and as a response his legs tighten around Dean and hands claw at his hair.
Castiel shook his head, “Fuck you.”
“How did you meet Cas?” Jack asks, pulling Dean from his reverie.
Castiel swallowed, pulling his backpack towards him as he replied cryptically, “No.”
A rough kiss on his cheek comes and Cas gasps with surprise. Dean’s fist strikes the mattress beside him and Cas looks over with wide eyes. Dean growls angrily, “Goddammit!”
Dean kisses his cheek, “Hey.”
Wordlessly, Dean returned back to Castiel. He crowded into his space, but Castiel didn’t even look up then. Dean’s heart sank. He put his hand on Castiel’s cheek once more, but still the boy continued to look down.
,” Sam warns. Dean laughs at his own joke.
Samandriel hid his face in Anna straightened hair and gripped tight. Castiel was already putting some cheerios in a bowl.
The mysteriously sticky floor held onto his cheek as Dean pushed off the ground with a moan. That hadn’t been pleasant, but at least he was out from cuddling with Castiel. As he stood, he looked over the bed once more to see if there were any other pillows. There were not. But Dean didn’t move.
“Yeah, I guess,” Castiel replied quietly. He had actually enjoyed detention; he got to read safely, and Coach Singer helped him train afterwards so he could keep up with the team.
“Ah, yeah. And you give the best head too,” Dean is pushing Cas hair through his fingers, plush lips parted as his breath stutters through. His cock twitches and bounces on Cas’s face as he licks the underside of it. Cas watches Dean bite his lip before flashing a cocky smile and asking, “So got an endgame here, or does my dick really just taste that good?”
Dean’s lust blown eyes hungrily take in Cas’s face. The hand that had been at Cas’s back comes up to touch Cas’s lips and push two fingers into his moist, ajar mouth.
“Okay, but you care if he leaves you?” Meg points out.
“I know,” Dean takes his hand that was holding Cas’s thigh to press down at the base of Cas’s cock. Cas feels the pressure tighten inside and he moans as Dean’s constant rubbing at his prostate seems to get more vigorous.
Castiel stared her down for another beat and then rolled his eyes, actually changing his books out now as he supplied: “I just saw you with Dean, is all.”
Castiel took a deep breath but maintained his eye contact with Ash, “Well… You’ve never been with a girl, so how do you know you’re straight?”
“So he hasn’t been answering your texts?”
“Awh, going to let your little sister fight for ya, huh?” Asmod taunted, giving Castiel’s stomach a kick.
him. But the self-induced darkness was comfortable, and Dean felt like a coward.
Cas screams in his head. He hadn’t meant for Dean to spot him. He considers just walking on, then Dean will leave him alone forever and this can all become a harmless nightmare.
“Well, yeah, we’re at State with everybody. Everything’s been a lot, y’know? It’s easier to not be super friendly right now,” Dean explained in a low voice, slowly wrapping his arm around the side of Castiel. Castiel sniffled, inching away. Dean’s brow furrowed, “C’mon, you’ve been pretty M.I.A. too.”
Castiel was huffing over him, his ass tightening in Dean’s grip before he collapsed onto Dean.
“I want to keep Dean as far away from my personal life as possible,” Cas drinks.
Castiel shook his head, replying quietly, “No, Coach Singer, I don’t think so.”
“You’re late,” Cas states.
Cas’s eyes have rolled back as Dean bottoms out again. It’s a bit of a burn, with the lube drying, but he still feels on fire with pleasure.
Jo blushed, “Says you! Ugh, you see what I’m working with here?”
“All gone.”
Cas whimpers at the coupled stimulation, hand gripping at Dean’s hair as he covers his eyes with his other arm, “Ah!”
Dean’s hands are at Cas’s hip and thigh as he manages to rip away from Cas’s mouth. Dean’s hips stutter and he growls against Cas’s lips, “More?”
They lay there like that for a moment or two. Cas feels Dean’s breath against the sensitive skin of his neck. He blushes, but the blood soon drains. Cas suddenly wonders if Dean will fall asleep like this. He quickly mitigates this possibility, saying, “You can’t stay here.”
Jack balks, “Cas, it’d be illegal for me to drink alcohol.”
Castiel hesitated to let his guard down, “He is?”
Cas huffs, frustrated Dean doesn’t know what he’s getting at, “It’s not like we’re… ‘dating.’ But, I suppose I’m realizing how much I don’t know about you.”
“Pff, Jack? Yeah, right,” Claire chuckles.
Claire looks to Hannah who is standing next to Cas.
Tears started to form again, and Castiel’s voice shook for the first time, “Because… I’m scared.”
Castiel blushed, not really listening to Dean after he had said he wouldn’t be here for that long.
Cas reflects on how nice it is to finally feel good after being depressed the past few days. He’s never heard back from Dean. And no matter how much Cas wants to deny it, Dean is really getting to him.
The lock turns, his hand moves the knob and he follows as the door swings open. He takes a steadying breath and looks around.
And here Cas is, texts from Dean and him staring at his face, mocking. He has the means to chase after Dean, to give himself his own closure. Screw it if Dean doesn’t want to talk to him again. Cas deserves some answers!
“What’s gotten into you?” Cas asks in shock.
Dean’s breath stutters but he adds another finger at the same pace, only pressing into the second knuckle. Cas had said more, though. So he pushes his ass back, sighing with relaxation as he lets Dean’s fingers go all the way in. Cas can feel Dean’s cock against his ass cheek bounce as he tries to control his hips. Cas pulls back out and then comes back down as Dean’s fingers crook up and they both make a similar moan as Dean presses into his prostate.
Castiel allowed a small smile and nodded. She jumped up, taking their plates, saying, “Great! I’ll be right back!”
“Hey, Castiel,” Coach Singer said as the team went to go hit the showers, “Come to my office.”
Cas presses his lips together and shakes his head. Dean had said in the alley that he’d forgotten how good it was to kiss Cas. But more than that, Cas was upset that Dean was so happy about their reconnection while Cas was in agony; Dean had obviously forgotten what he’d done to Cas, what he’d put him through.
Cas stops, only to say over his shoulder: “Now I want you to leave.”
“Oh, yeah, that’s real nice,” Dean replies, keeping his smile as he sips at the fresh round of coffee.
Dean nods solemnly. He really does.
Castiel shrugged again, “Yes, but I don’t know what to tell you about it.”
“But,” Cas begins, vision getting hazy, “Why would you think that?”
Castiel hid his surprise by taking a quick look at his sister, adding quietly, “Oh?”
Dean moved in as Castiel pulled him, but stumbled and put his arms on either side of Castiel, their mouths at each other’s ears. They were chest to chest, and if Castiel’s heart wasn’t beating so fast then he would have felt Dean’s beat at the same pace.
“You awake yet?” Dean teased.
Cas eyes the shortening distance between them, “I don’t owe it to you to be friendly. I don’t owe you anything.”
Dean’s heart skipped as his thumb stroked Castiel’s cheek, “Do you want me to be?”
Jack blushes and looks squeamish again. Cas grimaces, “What?”
He let Dean put his arms around him just like he lets Dean get up and push him against the wall behind them.
Cas wipes down the clean counter.
Biting his lip painfully, he looks away again and secedes, “Okay. You can come back.” He peeks back up at Dean and adds sternly, “To fuck.”
Jack doesn’t seem bothered to maintain Dean’s intense eye contact as he replies evenly, “I know who you are.”
Cas spits on Dean’s cock, pumping his fist over it tightly. Dean’s tongue hooks down into Cas and presses in harder. Cas wants Dean to hit him again, though. He sucks the tip of Dean’s cock into his mouth.
Castiel smiled, “Maybe, thanks. We’ll see how long you guys can last, though.”
Jack persists, “You must have seen so many places.”
Drex shouldered Castiel and Ash aside, “Yeah, for a few days.”
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. The air seemed to be sucked out of the room. Anna’s voice seemed distant as she gasped, “What! Oh my gosh, are you going out with her?”
Cas raises his brow, but refills their tumblers anyway as he asks, “Really that bad?”
Cas’s blush intensifies as Dean says against his skin, “Damn, I needed this… Needed you.”
Cas takes deep breaths, not knowing how to reply. He had been resolved a long time ago that he and Dean’s paths would never cross, so saying goodbye forever now shouldn’t seem any different. But it is. It’s unfathomable.
“Tss, ghosted. That sucks.”
“But you’re gay, aren’t you?” Ash asked. Jo and Dean looked back at him with worry but some degree of interest.
Castiel’s heart sank. He braced himself and entered Coach Singer’s office. Dean was already standing in front of his desk, turned to the door to catch Castiel’s eyes as he entered. Castiel averted the look, turning to Coach Singer and asking, “You wanted to see me?”
Coach Singer beckoned, “Well?”
Dean wakes up to a dead, smoking engine and drizzling rain. His head is pounding in a way different from what his hangovers or bad traffic typically produce. His sore arm reaches up past the deflated airbag on his lap and touches a tender forehead. He feels something wet and he  instinctively knows it’s blood.
“I wanted to kiss you how I wanted,” Dean answers, thumb rubbing lightly against the piece of Cas’s skin he’s holding, “In case this is really it.”
Cas sucks Dean’s mostly hardened cock into his mouth, feeling each ridge pass over his tongue. His eyes slip close, enjoying only the sensation. Cas sees no point in pursuing small talk, especially since that opportunity seemed to have already passed when Dean shoved his tongue down Cas’s throat at the door. Besides, this is what Cas really wants right now anyway - fuck pleasantries.
It’s the closest Cas can admit to Dean how much he truly hurt him. The admission seems to be enough for Dean. His eyes blow out and stay open as he leans down to kiss Cas languidly. Cas’s own eyes are only half close, mesmerized by Dean’s emotional countenance.
“Yeah, I’ve applied to a bunch of places,” Jack replies, poking his fork at this plate, “But I’ll probably end up going to Kansas University.”
“Fuck. You must really be in a bad way tonight, huh?” Meg observes with a smirk.
“It’s okay.”
“I heard about today in the hall. With the new kid,” Coach Singer started, sitting down in the chair behind his desk, “You okay?”
And dammit, yeah Cas wants to want him to leave, but he can’t bring himself to tell him so, to say that he never wants to see him again.
“You shouldn’t do that here,” Castiel said under his breath.
Cas seems to fume as Jack claps excitedly. Cas plasters on a smile as he starts to walk away, “Great. Be ready to go, Jack, I’m going to get dressed real quick.”
“Ah, fuck you, man,” Ash chuckled as he opened his beer and drank.
Perhaps Dean would get it. Castiel let the frown play on his lips as he said to the trees, “I don’t want to hurt anyone…”
“Cas, what are you-” Dean begins to ask before Cas interrupts him with a kiss. He doesn’t want to talk, just act.
“What?!” Ash gaped at Dean, then turned to Drex, “Are you believing this?”
“I want to hold you,” Dean says gently.
Although hard to look away from Cas’s deep, passionate eyes, Dean glances down at the picture on the screen: a mugshot. Dean almost immediately recognizes the person - albeit aged like milk - as Cas’s asshole older brother, Luci.
Dean pulls into Cas’s apartment parking lot. He notices a silver truck he’s seen parked in the back of the diner and his heartbeat accelerates at the prospect of him actually surprising Cas while he’s still home. Dean has a hard time finding a parking spot because of some active construction in the adjacent lot. Dean has to park at the end and walks the distance as he glances over to the construction workers drilling and building some other apartment or condo complex, readjusting his duffle bag on his shoulder.
Dean and Cas share a brief glance of somber understanding. Cas is the one to look away with a mysterious blush, replying in the form of acknowledgement, “But it’s been nice to see you, actually.”
“Um,” the man says, full lips working to form words but nothing comes out. Cas cocks an impatient brow at him. So much for staying cool… Cas is too fed up, though. And the face the trucker wears tinges a bad note in Cas’s chest.
It’s been a long time since Cas had someone in his bed. A long time… A very, very, very long time. And that had been alright with Cas because he was taking care of Jack. He doesn’t want Jack to end up like his blood father and Cas’s brother, Lucifer, who is still deep in federal prison. He needs all the attention and guidance Cas can give.
A goofy smile crosses Dean’s face, “Don’t have to twist my arm! Thanks.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Cas replies, “I’m just glad you like it.”
Castiel let his eyes roll, but also allowed another smile to slip by, replying, “Are you always so full of yourself?”
Castiel pushed away the envious imaginings of Dean meeting up with some girl late at night, kissing under a tree.
Cas grips onto Dean's shirt and leans into his shoulder, “I thought you’d be out with Benny tonight.”
Bart nods with a smile, “Of course.”
That’s a good question, Dean thinks. He wonders how he can explain to Cas that he’s just trying to pick up the pieces of his life, “I got her body sitting at my buddy’s salvage yard in Sioux Falls. Was going to bunk down there and work on her.”
home,” Dean replied quickly, “God, you’re acting like it’s my first night drinking and not the other way around.”
The momentary silence is interrupted by a crunch behind them and they both turn to see Jack peering around the corner of the hallway. He looks guilty, halfway through a bite of cereal, “Sorry.”
State lasted for three days and took place in Topeka. The team was staying at a motel off a highway. But when they arrived in the city, their first stop was instead at the tournament space. All the teams went to mingle, but it was really used as a ground to flex ranks and size up the competition while exercising some practice rounds.
They separate and say their goodbyes for the night. Cas walks out of the diner and is glad to see that the rain had dwindled to a light drizzle. In its wake, a forgiving cold front had tiptoed into town. He quickly makes the short trek back to his home in the only apartment complex in town. He lives on the second floor out of two and considers on his walk up the exterior stairs to call Gadreel and ask him to come close for the night. He’s their regular server at the diner, and weekends are his only days off. Cas shakes his head, getting rid of the unnecessary idea as he unlocks his door.
“What’s this?” Dean asks.
” Dean growls. Cas’s eyes snap back to him, not having enough sense to disobey any longer. Dean’s eyes are pointed, still staring down at Cas’s face only inches away.
He’d honestly rushed through closing, hustled home, and all but thrown himself at Dean on his couch. They had ripped into each other… Followed by a brief pause as Cas went and cleaned himself. Dean had found him in the shower to ‘help’ before they moved to Cas’s bed.
Jack nods, “So you were on the road a lot, growing up?”
He barely caught onto the pillar. He took a deep breath before beginning to shimmy down. But his footing slipped and Castiel fell the rest of the way. He landed with a thud onto the grass below.
The man doesn’t move, just eyeing the three of them. He lands on Cas, raising a brow at him, “Your hired protection goes grocery shopping for you, Castiel? Seems like a bit of a meathead, if you ask me.”
Cas sighs deeply but nods. He stops and then sternly points at Jack, “No drinking, though.”
“Because they lost,” Dean said triumphantly. Castiel grimaced. He hoped that Dean was right, but he also knew Ash’s tongue had no fidelity.
“Does this sound familiar?” Meg asks before loudly and rhythmically pounding her fist against the bartop, calling out in a mockingly rough voice, “‘Oh, Dean! Dean, yes! Dean, you’re going to make me-’!”
Cas contorts a moan into the form of words, “Be in me.”
Cas ignores him, ignores Meg too as she calls out after him, “Cas! Cas, c’mon!”
Dean peeked back up to him, saying, “I told you you’re my best friend and I meant that.”
Dean swallows thickly and replies simply, “I’m a truck driver.”
to actually close the diner while he is just daydreaming out the window. Cas looks back to the window, “I’m not sulking. It stopped snowing, that’s all.”
Castiel wordlessly walked past Dean again, going over to the kitchen to help Anna finish.
Dean shoved his face down into the mattress under a wave of self loathing, wondering how he had ever given that impression. He couldn’t believe they were doing this here and now, but he begrudgingly muttered, “Stop it, okay? I am…”
He watched as Castiel slid away from Ash’s grasp, saying, “I’m not sure. Jervis and Raul were saying something to me about a room, so…”
Jack waves goodnight and returns back to his bedroom. Dean stands in the kitchen for a minute longer. That was a bit much to eat so late and a lot to talk about too. And goddammit he feels like a cigarette - to calm his stomach and clear his head. Besides, he hadn’t had one all day. He figures he can sneak out for just a minute…
“And how’s that? He told you he found some better tail or something?” Meg asks ever so delicately.
Castiel thought he saw Dean’s eyes soften for a moment, but then they suddenly hardened and Dean looked around the hall. Castiel did too, quickly becoming aware that most of the students were gone.
Dean sat back with the rest of the team, closer to the front. Luther and Raul matched, but Castiel wasn’t interested anymore. He was looking at the wood panels of the gym, the shine of the circles on the matte black wrestling pads.
Cas dares peak up once more. He hadn’t noticed when Dean had unbuttoned his shirt, now hanging off his shoulders and full chest exposed. Cas pulls Dean out his throat and pops his mouth off the rest of his cock. Dean groans as either a thanks or frustration. Cas doesn’t leave him, though, instead licking up and down the length of his cock, the hand that was holding Dean’s ass instead moving to stroke up the length of Dean’s chest. Still stroking his own wanting cock, Cas maintains eye contact. He becomes particularly fond of the base of Dean’s dick where the smell of him is most concentrated. Cas finally replies in a coy voice, “Do I?”
However, there is a sharper, deeper pain that Dean can’t shake. The pain isn’t caused by the accident, but it is magnified by his circumstances. At these dark times, when Dean can’t turn to much else as he embarks on the sojourn of dealing with shit, he still chooses to dissociate as he pretends like Cas is out there, somehow thinking of him too.
Jo and Dean burst into a surprised laughter. Castiel tried not to feel too pleased with himself.
Cas sucks in a breath, “When were you thinking?”
Luci laughed all the way back to the living room. Castiel looked in the pot with a deep sorrow and took the meager portion left. He went back to his room and ate, wishing that Gabriel, Raphael, or even Michael were here; anybody but Luci. Yet, they had lives and jobs outside of town. At that point, though, Castiel thought that even his older sister, Naomi, a senior at the high school, could watch them better than the freeloader Luci.
Dean sighs and explains: “Fine. I have a new route. It’s why I stopped here in the first place the other month. I was driving through again a few weeks ago and couldn’t stop. But this time passing by I was making good time... I wanted to see you. So, I went where I knew I could find you. Happy?”
Samandriel rammed head first into Dean’s legs, “Huh!”
“Oh Jesus, you’re too formal. Forget about it,” Dean smiled up at Castiel. Castiel smiled back.
Dean is wearing a flannel, buttoned down with nothing underneath, and his classic leather jacket. He’s clean shaven, eyes bright as he leans against Cas’s door jam in the dark.
Cas focuses on pouring the coffee into the mug.
Dean continued walking along for a moment before noticing that Castiel wasn’t with him. He turned back and saw the other boy just standing there at the edge of the brush, looking at his empty hand. Dean thought he looked sad, and Dean understood because the fact was that he was sad too.
Dean begins by reminiscing of the most recent stop at Cas’s. He would have rather shoved frozen shit up his ass than had gone to meet Benny at the diner, but then Garth had to go and be so goddamn excitable about the meet up that he became impossible to shoot down... But in the end, Cas defied his expectations of him being upset and instead seemed to almost
“Don’t,” Dean says sternly, a hand pinning down Cas’s hip as his own movements still.
Dean spreads his fingers that are hooked deep inside Cas, making room for Dean to push his tongue in. Cas mumbles incoherently.
“Dean, remember, around his waist. Lower, here,” Coach Singer was kneeling and instructing Dean where specifically to hold. Castiel’s mind was struggling to keep clear, but it was sobering to have Coach Singer right next to them as he felt Dean’s skin against his.
“You said yourself that we need more protection!” Jack pushes. Dean glances sidelong at Cas who seems to tense at those words. He wonders numbly why the kid is fighting for him so much as the boy finishes, “Can’t he at least stay for dinner?”
“Hurry up!” Ash said with passion, punching Dean in the arm for good measure before hurrying out of the bedroom. Victor growled and pulled the blanket up as he slammed the door closed.
Castiel turned away, continuing to tie his shoes to save face; his pulse was pounding.
“I don’t care,” Dean said, hands returning to feel Castiel’s chest.
This is stupid. All he needs to do is press a button and say words. Cas’s vision blurs and takes a deep breath. He’s been here before, on the edge of contacting Dean and then bailing. But it’s Christmas, and Cas wants to call Dean.
Jack and him stand up and move to the kitchen, “One cup. You really shouldn’t be getting into caffeine at your age.”
“Want to join me in the shower?” Dean purrs.
Cas looks up at the empty night, taking in a deep gulp of air. He hadn’t thought getting a text from Dean like that would do this to him. He looks back down at the phone screen, staring at Dean’s message.
He sighs loudly with agony as he sends the text. Cas now does regret his time with Dean, because he wasn’t able to be there for his son. He trudges to the bathroom and begins cleaning himself of all this self loathing.
“I meant at the diner. Here, in Bootbock,” Cas looks back at him with an instigatory look, continuing, “I told you to leave.”
Asmod smacked him on the right cheek, “Right?!”
Dean looks into Cas’s eye, his tender heart fluttering, “Yeah. It was.”
Dean swallows past a lump in his throat, “Soon.”
Cas almost misses the call because he’s so shocked, but he finally finds his wits and answers as casually as his beating heart will allow: “Hello?”
But Dean didn’t let up, and he wasn’t laughing.
His legs feel unsteady as they carry him up the steps to Cas’s door. The place is pretty shabby, although spacious, as far as cheap apartment layouts go. Anyway, it’s better than anything Dean has. But he stares at the peeling paint on the door as he swallows down his nerves and manages to knock. No response. Dean knocks again. He sighs in agitation, not really wanting to have to use the key that he had been considering earlier, but he’s getting antsy and doesn’t know how long he should wait. So here he is, putting the key into its slot.
Cas sighs, too tired to fight anymore.
“Hey, Cas?”
Cas gives a harsh laugh as he replies, “Are you trying to ruin my life?”
Uriel reminded Castiel of himself, despite them being half-siblings. Uriel always had his headphones on and his walkman blaring, not talking unless absolutely necessary. When he was younger, he’d cry to Castiel all the time. He was bigger than most kids his age now, and made sure to keep to himself.
” Dean begs. Cas smiles to himself.
The rhetorical question managed to pull a small smile from Castiel, as he sighed, “Yeah, you too.”
Rufus and Meg shut up as Cas slowly turns to Benny. He doesn’t answer him, just looking at his mocking countenance.
Dean’s vision is only bursts of images: sand barrels exploding over his windshield, airbag bursting and knocking him back, the hard side-handle behind his seat as his brow smacks against it with a cracking thump.
Jack poses with his thumbs up and a big smile in front of the scooter and tree. Cas smiles and takes a couple of pictures. His smile moves from the phone to his son.
“And what does Jack think of Dean?”
Dean lifted his hips as if to stand, and Castiel pushed his knees against the back of Dean’s and tried to push him down again. Dean slipped from under Castiel’s intense grasp and was able to pull at one of Castiel’s legs. Castiel lost his balance, but didn’t let go of Dean, who also slammed down to the mat.
Cas’s shock of their quickly united intimacy melts under Dean’s touch. Dean breaks away and presses his lips against the side of Cas’s face, groaning, “God, I missed you, Cas.”
Cas sees Dean licking his lips before he pulls off the rest of the pants and briefs, along with Cas’s socks. Dean pushes the legs aside, quickly crowding back into Cas’s space though. They hungrily press their bare bodies against one another and Dean grabs at Cas’s mouth with his.
“Not going to say anything now, huh?” one of the boys, Asmod, called. Castiel ignored them.
Castiel’s fingers trailed around Dean’s hips, brushing his pelvis. Dean blushed at the intimate contact as Castiel inched towards him. The other boy’s breath quivered shallowly as he hesitated, “It’s embarrassing…”
Dean exhaled, readjusted and knocked, calling out, “Hey, Dr. Badass!”
Feeling Castiel’s cock in his hand made his own used member jerk in interest. He was above average and uncut, the soft yet hard skin sliding easily against his fingers. Dean felt like he was doing a clumsy job, though, and had an urge to supplement his lack of skill.
Dean chuckled in surprise, “Are you serious? I already told you. To walk to practice together.”
Dean smiled into the sheets, proud of how much Castiel’s sass showed - he wore it well. But the smile soon dissipated as the reality behind Ash’s words hit him like a guilty sentence by a blind jury. It connected through his foggy consciousness that Drex was leaving with Ash and he was going to be all alone with Castiel, in a motel room, getting a massage.
Castiel bit his lip to stop the tears. Dean’s words made Castiel feel crazy and gaslit; he didn’t know what to believe. But he was still angry, and a savageness took over him then.
“Same goes for you,” Dean’s voice was so close, and it was real, “But I don’t think you could do anything wrong. You’re like an angel.”
“Why don’t you put your money where your mouth is and throw out some Kings Cup?” Ash retorted.
“What was that?” Dean asks innocently from between Cas’s legs.
But Cas also knows that tomorrow will be a tough talk. Jack has somewhat rebounded from his rough week at school (as far as Cas can tell), and Cas hates to be the one to bring him back down. However, he knows that Jack deserves the truth.
“Dean, I’m--” Cas cuts himself off to hiccup a moan as Dean roughens his thrusts, pounding over and over into Cas’s lump of a prostate. He has to swallow and regain some breath before he can finish, “I’m so close.”
Cas chuckles, filling the kettle with water, “No, it won’t hurt.”
Just as dawn breaks, Dean’s cell starts to ring. He checks who in the hell would be calling at this ungodly hour, glancing at the caller ID: Charlie.
Castiel collapsed away from Dean’s mouth. He couldn’t see in front of him; his mind aimlessly wondered if the gym had gotten that dark again or if something had happened to him. He recalled the last few moments of Dean’s gyrating body as a blur through his orgasm.
Castiel glanced up, eyes moist. Dean grabbed his eyes with a reassuring smile, continuing, “I guess I’m your boyfriend now, right?”
Cas’s blush is still prevalent on his cheeks, but his mood seems a little dampened as he replies, “Oh, um, yeah. You know where everything is, so...”
“Cas,” Dean gazed deeply into his eyes, “Please don’t cry. Please…”
,” Cas warns. He doesn’t want to talk about high school, dammit.
Dean must have taken it the other way, though. He pulled away from Castiel’s neck with a shudder and flattened his hand against Castiel’s chest. At the shift in mood, Castiel recognized his brain was letting go, and it was scary taking everything in. Castiel took the moment to mumble: “This is a lot.”
“For showing up at the diner.”
“It’s funny!” Dean said, looking at the sky. He shook his head, “This is ridiculous… Why don’t you just stay at Sonny’s with me?”
“I just imagined you grabbing the gutter and it, like, making a loud noise as it broke,” Dean had to stifle his growing laughter, “Shit, that would suck.”
Asmod smiled sickly, blood from his nose getting in his teeth, “Taking out the trash.”
cool!” Jack leans forward on the front seat, “Can we please go for a drive?”
Lucifer smiled maliciously, “Oh, there’s my little maid.”
He partially cringes at his rude behavior to Dean’s work as a trucker, but in actuality he was a soldier. Also, imagining that part of Dean’s life reminds Cas of how distant he’s kept Dean in their current relationship.
“What?” Dean was shocked. He tried to push up, but his weak muscles combined with Castiel’s increased pressure prevented him.
Cas’s fake smile stretches even tighter, “I will punch you in the face.”
He wonders idly if he should take his lunch break when a person at the bar catches his eye. Cas quickly pivots back into the kitchen, looking through the serving window to watch Dean skimming the menu, calmly sipping at a cup of coffee.
Anna shrugged.
Dean spits on his hand and moves it to Cas’s asshole. They moan together. Cas feels Dean’s lips smile against his, asking, “Will we ever make it to the bed?”
Jo was laughing as hard as Ash was, “And it was
Cas quickly selects all, and deletes. He sighs and looks away. His eyes fall upon Met’s door. He bites his lip and turns back to his phone screen.
Dean slowly moves back up, licking at the base of Cas’s cock. Cas thinks he may lose his mind as Dean says against that taut, sensitive skin, “You’re pretty polite tonight.”
Castiel tugged at Dean’s arms, and Dean came to him easily. But although he was leaning over Castiel again, Dean stopped. He looked at him and asked, “Yeah?”
He can’t help but be reminded of what happened to him in Afghanistan... He hates thinking about all that, and despises his brain for making him tremble under the unending repetition of that nightmare.
knew Castiel when he was still a Novak.”
” Dean groans, “
This is stupid. Dean sighs again. His arms fall away to slouch on his knees as he glances at the clock: 2:58AM. Awesome. He’d only checked in at eleven that night.
Dean forgot his need to go to the bathroom.
Dean tries not to read into that, “Nah, thanks for letting me rest up though. I’ll get out of your hair.”
The reprieve doesn’t last for long. Dean’s tongue slides down the underside of Cas’s cock and his breath strangles in the back of his throat again. A punctuated moan escapes Cas as Dean trails further, tongue exploring the edge of Cas’s balls and below.
“I think it’s worth a shot,” Dean’s hand moved up Castiel’s body. He felt the boy tremble under his touch. His next words felt as if they sailed straight out of his heart: “Anyway, I don’t think I could ever stop feeling this way towards you…”
The boy gets another spoonful of cereal as his smile grows, “Oh, I’m Jack.”
Cas swallows, trying not to think of Jack upstairs.
. You-”
Castiel shook his head, “No, I have to make dinner.”
“Are you trying to get into gymnastics?” Castiel asked teasingly, “Because you might want to practice.”
Dean and Castiel turned away as Coach started to round up the team, the two walking together in their own private silence for a moment. But Dean kept his eyes on Coach as long as he could, feeling odd that he kept on looking between him and Castiel.
Coach Singer claps his hands together and begins walking in front of them, saying, “Alright fellas, we’re going to start with a dynamic warm up. Do RDLs first, so remember back straight. Nice and slow and controlled…”
The teacher pursed her lips and maintained Dean’s eyes. Castiel looked back out the window.
“You two know each other?” Dean asked.
“Should we wait for Garth to order?” Dean asks Benny through chewing down the plump donut hole.
Cas quickly tries to save face, eyes moving over to the other trucker everyone else knows he is acquainted with: “Benny. We, uh, have a veteran’s discount.”
“Nothing,” Castiel said way too quickly.
He was about to start tying into his shoes when he noticed an absence of noise from Dean’s locker. Daringly, he glanced back over.
Dean wondered numbly if he actually hadn’t even woken up at all and this was all just a pleasant dream. Castiel’s fingers began to slip, tugging the cloth down daringly. Dean couldn’t stop looking at Castiel - it’s not like he’d ever been blown before, and he didn’t have to think much about his answer, “Uh, hell yeah.”
Dean had a shadowy glimmer to him, and Castiel’s eyes were wide staring at him. Dean wore an expression that was bashful yet lewd. Castiel got embarrassed himself as he felt his cock jerk once more.
Dean cut through the squat parking lot, weaving through the sleeping cars towards the edge of the property. Like most small town establishments in Kansas, the hotel was surrounded by some brush and wild trees. This particular place had a sizable wild pond in the back, the stilled murky water clearly reflecting the bright full moon above in the cloudless sky. Dean had a mysterious notion in his gut that Castiel would be near there, so he began to approach the treeline running up to the brush.
“Ha! Did I scare you?” Dean joked.
“Better watch your stuff.”
He’s damning himself while getting a spoon and Jack grabs the cereal when he adds, “I’ll make us sandwiches too. To, y’know, make up for the ‘accident.’”
“Dean!” Castiel called through the laughter, “Okay, you got me!”
They all laughed at her attempt and Jo took a drink.
Jack was studying and Cas got lost in thought as he watched pork loin roast and broccoli sear. Cas then decided that he would not give Dean the satisfaction of knowing how much he had affected Cas back in high school. Instead, he would use Dean again.
Cas sighs, “I haven’t… I haven’t
“Good,” Cas huffs, “Hurry up and make me cum.”
He answers and puts it on speaker phone as he drives, “Hello?”
Jack laughs at the terrible joke, and Dean can see a little smile play on Cas’s lips, even though he’s rolling his eyes.
He motioned to the other two and they fell back. Al gave Cas’s food a kick and laughed to himself. Castiel watched until they had left the field, then he quickly collected his items and went to sit in class until lunch ended. He clenched and unclenched his hands the entire time, trying to control the violent shaking.
Cas holds his eyes there for a moment meaningfully, but that look will have Dean drowning if he doesn’t look away. Dean clears his throat and starts to get up to head out.
Dean’s jaw clenches, still not able to look at Cas. There’s a moment of silence where Dean assumes Cas must be thinking what an idiot Dean really is, when Cas startles him by softly saying, “That must have been really scary.”
“You know him,” Cas replies with familiarity to the woman.
Cas can hear the atmosphere on Dean’s side change as wind and cars come through. Dean’s voice is more hushed now, “
A text ring comes from his phone and Cas dives across the bed before realizing he is. He quickly readjusts himself, taking a deep breath before looking at his phone. It’s Jack. Cas clears his throat and sits up on his bed.
“Okay,” Dean cleared his throat and looked around before he got into the bottom position on the mat. Castiel kept his mind far away, pretending like Dean was still Drex to keep his mind from tailspinning.
“What is going on here?” a male professor’s voice boomed down the hall. The other students started to scatter, but Dean didn’t look away - neither did Castiel.
“You’re just so hot,” Dean punches out, weeping as Cas moves their cocks together. Dean growls, pushing hard on Cas’s body so that he’s in the middle of the bed. Cas loses the grip of their cock, and is about to complain before Dean crawls up after him. Dean’s head moves down and kisses at Cas’s thighs. Cas’s heart pounds roughly, and he wants Dean to be just as rough. But Dean moves down further, his movements slowing and kisses softening.
Asmod crumbled to his knees, crying and whimpering as he nursed his contorted arm.
“You’re just so-”
Dean’s fingers trailed against the bare skin of Castiel’s collarbone, and then down further. Dean was looking at that area and not into his eyes, so Castiel allowed himself to breathe and shiver. But Castiel quickly lost his cool and looked down as well when he felt Dean’s fingers hook under Castiel’s singlet strap.
