isn’t equipped to understand. Sherlock could have anyone. Not just the dominatrix. Why hasn’t he picked up someone else yet? When will he?
John flexes the fingers of his left hand a few times, nervously. “I just…I wanted you to have a piece of what you’re missing when you’re with me. I know you like what we’re doing, whatever you call it, because it creates a sort of high, this intensity, but…”
“John?” Sherlock calls after him.
Sherlock murmurs something under his breath. John suspects it’s a curse.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock assures him hastily. Something he had always known he would say if John ever asked him. “Don’t think about it, it was just a few days.”
“Hands and knees. Now,” John orders, pushing him down, and Sherlock does as he’s told, almost with relief. Pain dulls the remnants of his pride most effectively.
Sherlock laughs quietly and adds, “Don’t worry about Anthea. We’ll breed you with her next time.”
Sherlock stares at the ceiling. It takes a few seconds before he says, “If you feel like reconsidering, it’s for you to decide, isn’t it?” His voice sounds distant and formal. “Is it because someone else had intercourse with me, and I didn’t dislike it? Should I have struggled? Should I have begged you to stop it? Is that what I was supposed to do? You said you were fine with me being…a slut. Was it a test of some kind?”
“What’s going to happen now, it’s entirely your own fault, Sherlock,” he says almost sympathetically.
“Fellas?” he says. “I’m going out.”
John drops the bag on the floor, lays the riding crop on top of it, and takes the lead off Sherlock’s collar. Using his hands, he twists and pushes Sherlock like livestock, positioning him so that his legs are on the line of the spreader bar, and roughly shoves them wide apart to secure his ankles first to its opposite ends. When the metal clinks, Sherlock jerks uneasily, but it’s too late. In just a matter of seconds, he’s stuck.
She knows what’s on his mind because for a moment, she considers this option herself.
“No, it’s fine. I didn’t mind waiting.”
“I’ll go and fetch your clothes,” John says. “Wait for me here.”
“Hey?”
A secret sister. A grenade on top of a singing drone. A fortress island with a maze of grey rooms. It’s all too much, even by Sherlock’s standards. It’s like a very bad dream, and it continues to seem so when he finds himself sprawled face down on top of a table in a dark room. He’s laid out like a sacrifice under the full moon visible through a large metal grille in the ceiling. His first thought is that he must have overdosed in some drug den, another empty house, one of many. The girl’s voice in an earpiece startles him, and then it’s John speaking: “I’m here. Sherlock, I’m here. Sherlock. You found me. Oh god. You found me. It’s been so long.”
“I wasn’t terrified,” Sherlock grumbles petulantly. “I’m never terrified.”
“Oh, it’s fucking good,” Sholto breathes out. “He clamped around me. Do it again. Pinch him.”
“Now you’re filthy too,” Sherlock murmurs into his shirt.
In the centre of the room, in a circle freed of furniture, there’s a long metal bar with hand and ankle stocks fixed solidly in the wooden floor. A necessary piece of equipment set in advance. It looks odd when empty, but strangely, not quite out of place. Dark-stained wall paneling and ceiling tiles, rich upholstery and dim lighting  are reminiscent of the old colonial style…and colonies mean slaves.
“Wanna come too?” Murray taunts him. “You have to earn it first. Can we flip him over, John? I want to take him from behind.”
“John… what… what’s…” Sherlock slurs a little, unable to finish his question, as John carefully guides him downstairs.
“And then you were shot. Your sister, she was mad about it because it could spoil her game if you died. She said you almost—”
The room is filled with the dim golden light of several lamps along the walls. There are below-ground windows covered with ornate wooden latticework over the long shelves filled with antique books. Tufted leather chairs, a monstrous palm-tree in a basket…
When they help Sherlock up, he staggers and bites back a groan. He’s far from being crippled, or even badly damaged, but he’ll be unable to walk normally for the next half an hour or so. It’s very fortunate that he doesn’t have to.
He nudges Sherlock up the stairs, a duffle bag in one hand and the other firmly cupping the underside of Sherlock’s jeans-clad buttocks, pressing where the handle of the butt plug obscenely protrudes between them. It’s enough to make Sherlock comply.
. Surely it counts for something?”
Mycroft pours himself a drink from a crystal decanter on a small table by the armchair. “Hello, John.” John curtly nods in response. Sherlock scowls some more.
Now John stands behind Sherlock, spread open for him, but he can still see Sherlock’s face in the mirror and the way his expression tenses, because yeah, John told him to enjoy himself, and yet maybe it was just a test? It often is.
John growls menacingly, the husky sound vibrating in his throat, and Sherlock tightens the leash to prevent him from assaulting Mycroft’s well-pressed trousers.
“Just a minute,” John says loudly, in an absolutely normal voice, at least he hopes so. “I’ll be back in no time.”
Okay. Fine. What do mercenaries do when they get a nobleman for a hostage? First of all, they show him who’s in charge.
Mycroft takes the last sip from his glass. “I believe I’d rather leave you two now. Have fun.”
John spits into his palm and starts fondling Sherlock’s cock, cruelly slow, and it goes into fully erect mode very quickly. It doesn’t take long until Sherlock starts thrusting into his grip, tugging on the handcuffs and twisting on the crumpled sheets. Sholto’s hand clamps hard on Sherlock’s hip, keeping him in place. He rides through orgasmic contractions, grinding balls deep into his fucktoy.
“I wasn’t talking about Sherlock, yeah, if that’s what you wanted to ask.”
“Hush now, don’t be childish,” Mary chides him. “Now you may put your pants back on and take your place in the backseat.”
“John, if your suggestion was only meant to lighten your conscience, don’t worry. I know you’ll always be looking for something else, apart from
A ghost in dripping wet clothes wandering through a burnt house.
John returns to his duffel bag left by the door and takes out what looks like a leather hood. He’d been very thorough about choosing it.
?” she inquires. And adds more hesitantly, “Are we still good?” Though it’s probably a funny way to put it.
“I’m not going to punish you for contacting that dominatrix,” John continues. “However…” He pauses, deliberately, and it’s nice, to see the expression on Sherlock’s face morphing from guarded surprise to wary expectation. “I think we need to give you some new context. Whenever you hear her text alert, whenever you play that tune you composed for her, whenever you think of her at all…you’ll remember this day, remember our talk, remember where it got you in the end—on your back, with my fist inside you. And to make this context sink in…”
John is silent, and Mary knows what he’s thinking. If the real John dies, everyone might think it was
,” John blurts out.
“What else don’t I know about you?” John asks tiredly on the long flight home, when Sherlock can’t hear them.
It’s not like John is
“No, not her. She’s a psychopath. She won’t tell us anything. But she couldn’t have kept John here and then put him into some hidden place all by herself. She had accomplices from Sherrinford, and they are still here. Five of them. Professionals. I’m not sure I can take them all out alone, but if you join me…”
“Serbia? What the hell happened in Serbia?”
John slaps Sherlock’s backside with the ruler, to make him hurry and simply because it’s fun, and Sherlock rushes forward like a high-strung race dog, scurrying to the centre of the room on all fours. Just lovely, the great Sherlock Holmes crawling like an animal. The sight makes John want to adjust his cock inside of his jeans; they suddenly seem a size too tight.
John is silent for a while, unsure how to articulate what’s on his mind. Finally, he blurts out, “Are we still friends?”
Sholto nods. “Yes, I agree. Maybe we should add more decorative elements? How about nipple clamps?”
“Are you gonna tell her about me?” Mary inquires.
“Oh really?” Mycroft says without much interest.
John feels himself blush a little. It shouldn’t be embarrassing for both of them, only for Sherlock, and yet it is, something intimate if weird being turned into mere debauchery.
Sherlock’s eyes widen, but he doesn’t argue. No clever comeback.
“Sherlock, stop that!”
It’s important to focus on something else. A new case. Anything. But these words keep piercing Sherlock’s mind like needles.
“How do you want him, fellas?” John asks.
“John!”
“Yes,” Sherlock says huskily. His gaze is still not quite focused.
“I’m afraid the next round might hurt,” John warns him. “It’s one of the clients you’ve rebuffed before. He still wants you, but he also wants a compensation, of a sort, for you being rude. He’ll whip your hole before fucking you, okay? Just you hole, nothing else. Twenty strokes. I’ll lend him your riding crop. Yeah, it’ll be a bit harsh, but you were really quite rude to him, so don’t complain. It’s only fair. I expect you to take your lesson stoically.”
Two more men come and leave.
“I was interested in Jim Moriarty,” Sherlock bites back. “You didn’t approve of that for some reason.”
Sherlock used to be a master of deceptions. Now it’s John’s turn. He’s picked up a few lessons in mindfucking.
She bites her lip. “In a way, it was true.”
In the end, Sherlock stops thrashing and sags in John’s hold, accepting the blows, only making delicious growling sounds at each one. John delivers a few more because he wants to and then just keeps his hand pressed to Sherlock’s warm arse, waiting for him to calm down. Eventually, Sherlock shifts in John’s lap, but doesn’t get up like John expects him to. Instead, he turns and tentatively puts his arms around John’s midriff, very loosely, as if he suspects he might be rejected, and when John doesn’t rebuff him, presses his forehead to John’s chest, his breathing still uneven.
John shakes his head. “So many lies.” But when she tries to say she’s sorry, he only sighs again, “I don’t just mean you.”
It takes John a while indeed, working him open. He uses plenty of lubricant. He uses an array of toys, larger and larger. Not because he’s
, bursting with energy, hungry for action, not simply enduring what life brings him, passively and apathetically. John can’t hold back a thought—is he partially to blame that Sherlock isn’t the way he used to be?
John folds it neatly and lays it onto the mantelpiece, beside a bottle of lubricant, a pack of condoms, and paper tissues.
“Feel good?” John asks.
Sherlock doesn’t resist, not for real, just tries to protest, “John, I’m…”
John makes an unintelligible sound. Mary would take it for a short laugh, but a very sinister one.
Sherlock finally musters the courage to put his arms around John’s waist, and John doesn’t seem to mind. They stand like that in the shimmering blue lights of the police cars, and Sherlock doesn’t want it to end.
It’s rather unlikely that Sherlock has been persuaded by John’s  speech because he’s still tense, but at least he opens his mouth like a good boy and keeps it that way when Sholto lightly slaps Sherlock’s face with his condom-sheathed cock, holding it by the base. Sholto would have had trouble managing one-handed if Sherlock didn’t cooperate, so it’s most convenient that Sherlock does. He only cringes in obvious revulsion when Sholto traces the perfect O of his lips with the tip of his shaft. Maybe the posh boy doesn’t like cheap latex. But John has an idea how to distract him.
life,” Sherlock snarls. “Stop lecturing me.”
Not even a minute passes before Mary parks the car opposite the club, beside a streetlight, and John congratulates himself on perfect timing. He hadn’t even had to text her to say they’d stopped too early and she didn’t have to come and pick them up. Not everything had gone as intended, but they’d finished exactly when planned after all.
The next moment, Murray slaps Sherlock’s buttock. “You could say ‘thank you’, actually. Come on, say it.”
John smiles most nicely. “You might consider yourself whatever you want. Not gay. Too proud to fuck with mere mortals. The thing is, it doesn’t matter. Not to us. We’ll just have you in the arse, and maybe your mouth too, that’s all. It’s up to you if you enjoy it or not. Though I think you’ll enjoy yourself very much. You look like you’re gagging for real men’s attention. Such a tight shirt, such fitted trousers... You present yourself very much like a snugly wrapped prize to be won and unpacked.”
In a flash, John wishes he spent more time with Sherlock alone. Just the two of them, like in the good old times.
“Why?” Sherlock insists blearily.
“Of course we’re fine,” John says confidently. “Why shouldn’t we be fine?”
When Sherlock opens the car’s rear door, he lingers for a few seconds, clearly perplexed as to how he should settle there. He’s still too sore to sit on his arse properly. His sluggishness earns him a warning from Mary, “In! Quick! Or you’ll stay here.” Sherlock hastily slides in and immediately starts squirming in an unsuccessful attempt to find a less painful position.
But then he suddenly touches her arm, with a wan smile. “You make me remember, sometimes. How it feels to be myself.”
John can’t help a chortle. “More like a complete idiot, most of the time. But it’s okay, you’ll make up for that.”
Sherlock blinks at him angrily, but says nothing and keeps his hands down.
Maybe it’s better to enjoy what he has while he has it, and not to question it much. He once heard a saying, “Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what’s right.” Isn’t it right, keeping them both satisfied, fulfilling their fantasies? If he should be brave enough to take all the blame and all the responsibility for the two of them, so be it.
John is silent for a moment. She wonders if he wants his hands on her treacherous, lying throat, like Ajay did. “Go on,” he finally says.
“Our team, AGRA…I wanted a way out of it. But they would never let me leave. So it was me. The Englishwoman, it was me. Ajay was right, I betrayed them. But I didn’t do it of my own accord. Even if I simply left them behind and escaped, I wouldn’t even last six months. Too many people wanted me dead. So I needed an ally.”
Sherlock's birthday has been delightfully uneventful and ordinary so far: slices of chocolate something, tea, and best wishes from Molly in an exaggeratedly cheerful tone. Sherlock tries his best to pretend he is enjoying himself, also in an overly enthusiastic manner. Molly looks at him with a nervous smile and steals questioning side glances at John now and then. John pretends not to notice. Yeah, Sherlock is far from being fine, it’s hard not to see that, even for unobservant people like him. But what should he do? What should he have done?
Apparently, Sherlock doesn’t want that.
Oh God, yes. “Starving,” John says as nonchalantly as possible.
“I wonder if he must be strapped down to mate,” Mycroft proceeds nonchalantly, in the same pensive manner, “or will he roll onto his back eagerly? If he resists, there’s a new breeding stand for those dogs that can’t be trusted to stay still. We could try it out. After undergoing such an ordeal, he might be more compliant and agreeable, I’m sure, though I’d suggest strict training anyway. You should make him wear a weighted collar and whip him regularly. Fight dogs don’t appreciate when you’re slack with them.”
Lying sleepless beside the drowsy Sherlock, with a hand habitually cupping Sherlock’s buttock, John dimly wonders how much the man who paid him for assaulting Sherlock’s anus with the riding crop would offer for a more prolonged whipping. It’s nice to have Sherlock’s half of the rent covered, but why not the whole of it?
“It doesn’t matter. It’s been dealt with. Don’t worry. It’s all right now.”
John runs a hand through his hair. “Oh Sherlock, you’ve been doing really well. But now you’re spoiling the fun. And what for? With us, you don’t have to resist and defy your needs, to lie to yourself, just because you think it’s inappropriate to want something. Like relief after you’ve been thoroughly fucked. You want to come, don’t you? So why pretend you’re above that? Why rob yourself of pleasure, huh?”
“I’ll explain how it’s going to work,” he says. “Pay attention. First, I’ll put this hood on you. It comes with a leather blindfold and a ball gag. You won’t see anything and won’t be able to speak. Over the ears, there’s sound proofing. It minimises exterior noise. Don’t worry about breathing, there are two small nostril holes. They might not quite line up with your nostrils, but it should work, you won’t suffocate, just take deeper breaths than normal. But your senses will be almost completely blocked—vision, hearing, smell. There are O-rings on the hood’s collar. I’ll attach a lead to one of them, and you’ll crawl beside me on all fours. I’ll guide you. If I tug at the lead, you go slower. If I smack you with the riding crop—yes, I brought it too—then you hurry up. We’ll walk through the corridor and down the stairs like that, into the cellar. As you might know, there’s a room for special parties down there. The Stranger’s Room. And the guests have already gathered, all waiting. Men only. They will be most glad to see you. Well, not you, personally—they don’t care who you are—but they’ll certainly appreciate your physique, so to say. Mostly your rear parts.”
It’s a compliment that makes her heart clench. “Only sometimes?” she teases.
“How did you get out?” John demands to know when he is finally alone with Sherlock, watching the three men march through the garden.
John lays a hand on Sherlock’s bare shoulder, gently but very firmly. “I see you cleaned yourself before walking in here. I also suspect you have taken the butt plug out, though I distinctly remember telling you not to. And maybe even relieved your bladder. Are you deliberately provoking us?”
One more slap. “Louder.”
Oh who will find me… No one. Anyone.
would sound much better, don’t you agree?”
“So you’re saying it’s for my sake?” Sherlock snarls.
He taps at the upturned sole of Sherlock’s foot, making him twitch. Reminding of a punishment is never a bad idea either.
…” He makes a vague, airy gesture. “That’s how you were brought up, that’s what you’re
Sherlock looks Lestrade up and down nonchalantly. “No helicopter? No special forces storming the house? I’m disappointed. Does Mycroft think my handler will be enough to single-handedly take out John’s friends if I’m in danger from them? Or are you here just to spy on me?”
John chuckles, out of place, simply because he feels uneasy. “That very much depends on your definition of romantic. As for entanglement, I think it’s pretty much what we have.”
She has finally taken off her dark wig—oh what a relief! She was sweating heavily under it. It’s still hot, though it’s almost night time. The room in an Oriental style with orange terracotta walls and stained glass windows is dimly lit. John is sitting on the corner of a low table while she stands in front of him. Sherlock is here too, so maybe they shouldn’t have said some things in the heat of the argument.
John excuses himself to make a call. He feels rotten for leaving Rosie with someone else for so long and for inconveniencing his voluntary babysitters, but it’s a familiar feeling anyway, nothing new. He returns to awkward silence, but it’s fine, too.
“That’s a good boy. Just one more touch, then. I want you to see how good you look when you’re submissive and compliant. When you relax and just take it up your arse instead of being resistant.”
Sherlock gasps when Mary none too gently rubs a finger around his battered anus. “Are you still nice and wet inside? Pity that John hasn’t plugged you again, you look so much better when stuffed. Oh well. At least your behaviour seems to have improved. When we play next time, I hope you won’t fail us again. And that’s just to revise your experience.”
“Nope. It’s not like he has lots of people to tell where he’s going.”
And if John tells him to, he has no other choice but to obey. It’s nice to abnegate all responsibility to an invisible magic friend.
“Time’s up?” Sherlock inquires curtly. His words sound almost harsh. An accusation. He attempts to sit up and winces dramatically. Wraps himself in the folds of the crumpled, not-entirely-clean sheet, also with palpable annoyance.
It encourages John to try again: “You never answered me. What if we were exclusive, sort of? Just…theoretically. Would you mind that?”
He wakes up with a muffled sob, a hand pressed to his mouth. He’s curled up on the sofa, fully clothed, entangled in the folds of his blue dressing gown. For a moment, while his mind is still half-clouded by sleep, he’s afraid he has woken John up.
John does, and Sherlock arches his back and lifts his hips, squirming on Sholto’s cock.
John has his own suspicions, too, and yes, he believes Sherlock is right: he isn’t going to like it.
It wouldn’t be easy for her either, imagining him gone.
Mary shrugs. “A sort of P.S. We left without saying a proper good-bye to Sherlock.”
Sherlock wonders.
He’s a nice man who tells his best friend, his wounded friend, “Sherlock, one more word and you will not need morphine.”
When things finally come to that point, it isn’t much of a choice, though. Sherlock is still clingy in a very possessive way, so he just pulls John to bed and it seems like a natural thing not to argue.
Of course, John is a bit disappointed with having had to stop their play so soon. His plans regarding Sherlock’s private parts had been too elaborate and well thought out not to regret the interruption; there’s a whole bag of gear he’d wanted to try, including anal beads of impressive size. He can still make use of them, but it will be less fun.
“What did he do to you? The other me.”
Sherlock stares at the drapery with distaste, but deigns to take it and wraps the fabric around himself, toga-like. He should look stupid, but he looks stunning instead, as always. There must be something in John’s gaze that gives away his admiration, but Sherlock interprets it in an unexpected way.
Sherlock ponders if John should look happy now that the baby is born. He doesn’t look happy, not entirely. Maybe he’s just tired. But Mary is tired, too, yet she’s more relaxed than she has ever been.
“You’re lucky I’m a doctor,” John says. “A professional, good at anatomy. An amateur might have tried to fit his whole fist in at once. It would have been very, very painful.”
“Don’t be stupid,” John says as he continues to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt. “You’re not going anywhere.”
“You can finger fuck him while I deal with his mouth, just to keep him occupied,” John suggests. “I’m sure he’ll beg for more soon.”
“Ah!” Sherlock cries out, and it finally crushes John’s resolve to go slow. He starts thrusting in much harder, much more brutally, his balls rhythmically slapping against Sherlock’s sweat-slick flesh, the sound accompanied by Sherlock’s soft, sobbing gasps. Precome is drooling from the tip of Sherlock’s cock onto his belly as he wriggles his arse in abandon, either to escape the intrusion or to get more friction, John’s not sure. Maybe Sherlock’s not quite in control of his own body anymore. This writhing sends John over the brink, and he comes violently, clutching at Sherlock’s slim hips, leaving bruises on the delicate skin.
“Very tempting,” John admits. “But that’s not what we agreed to.”
The great Sherlock Holmes, so observant, so sharp-minded, came back damaged and lost, with auditory hallucinations and a fear that his dear John wouldn’t accept him. So the change in John’s behaviour hadn’t surprised him at all. John could be distant, not seeing him in months, and Sherlock would think he’d deserved it.
“You should probably wait until you learn what the rest is,” John tells him in a mentor tone. “Which you will do tomorrow.”
Unsurprisingly, Mycroft waits there, sitting in an enormous leather armchair in an immaculate three-piece suit with a double pocket watch chain. John can’t help but chuckle at the expression of mortified dismay on Sherlock’s face. Sherlock might claim that he doesn’t mind whatever people think of him, but it’s not entirely true. Or maybe he hadn’t meant situations like this.
It’s not always easy, pretending he’s glad to be alive. But he tries his best. He might be overacting at times, but no one seems to mind. No one seems to notice, not even John, not even Mycroft.
“Do better, Sherlock. Your mouth isn’t preoccupied. But we can always find another use for it again, mind, if you prefer to be mute.” John caresses Sherlock’s arched neck, then presses harder—not enough to suffocate him, but sufficient for it to be a warning. “Or maybe you’re at a loss what to say? It’s difficult for some people to overcome their inhibitions and admit they really like things that seem… unconventional. Is that the case with you? Are you unsure what you feel?” He leans in to whisper into Sherlock’s ear, “How hard do you find it, having to say, ‘I don’t know’?”
go wrong though, it’s obvious who’ll be to blame. John can’t force himself not to run scenarios in his mind of what might happen afterwards. Sherlock will think that John failed him. He’ll be displeased. Disappointed. And John will have nothing to say in his defense. Because yeah, he would have fucked up.
It startles John. “What does it matter?”
Or more exactly, what he shouldn’t have. Remorse keeps scratching his mind from the inside like sandpaper.
fortunate, considering his recent history of drinking and his family history in general.
Sherlock sighs contentedly, surely imagining the punishments John might have in store for him, and his cock twitches a little against John’s thigh. Who would have thought he’s still got the energy for that? As for John, he’d rather rest for a bit. He’s not young enough for all-night-long orgies anymore.
The tip of the riding crop caresses slowly along the length of his back, drags over his buttocks, circles his hole, still obscenely stuffed with the butt plug, and taps at his testicles—another feature of interest. Then there’s a pause again.
A wide carpet runs the length of the corridor, so Sherlock probably doesn’t feel too sore scampering naked on all fours. But he must wonder whether somebody can see him right now, a servant or one of the club’s guests. Are they staring openly or turning away? Where are they? It must be getting more and more torturous with each moment, not being able to see or hear anything, the more so because Sherlock is so used to relying on his senses. The only thing he can feel now is the texture of the carpet beneath his hands and knees. It’s not enough.
He almost spits the last word out with disdain.
Maybe John would be able to read between the lines. (Come back. Come back now. If inconvenient, come anyway. I’m lost without my blogger.
And of course Sherlock keeps prying. “Not upset, but not entirely satisfied either? What’s bothering you?”
“You like me better when I’m dressed. I know my scars might look repelling, but I could try to get rid of them. Cosmetic surgery.” He looks hopeful, waiting for John’s reaction.
And she smiles at him most amiably.
“Now, your trousers. Down. Just step over them. Yeah, good.”
The first real swat—and Sherlock lets out an even better muffled groan.
In the end, John says nothing about it—it’s his burden to carry, not Sherlock’s. Instead, he steps close and grabs Sherlock by the hair.
It ends too fast for John’s liking, but it’s been a long night. No matter how much fun it had been, the kidnapping took effort on their part. No wonder neither he nor Sholto lasts long.
John takes him by his chin, the glare notwithstanding. “We’re soldiers, remember,” he says amiably. “We’re used to violence. We have no problems with it. But we might avoid it if you behave.”
,” he mocks her letter. “Marvelous! Perfect epistolary style!”
“Was he terrified?” is the first thing Mary asks when she gets out of the car.
Sherlock utters a sullen, “Yes.”
In the taxi, Sherlock keeps fidgeting, and John is unable to suppress a smirk. He looks through the side window at the darkening streets, pretending to pay no attention to his writhing, but he knows the reason for it all too well. It’s not only about uneasiness, though Sherlock has every right to be apprehensive; it’s more about the huge butt plug that uncomfortably distends Sherlock’s well-ploughed and well-whipped arse, stretching the reddened skin around his anus.
Funnily enough, it’s a phrase Sherlock used when they began.
“I am sorry,” he says again, head bowed, hands now clasped in his lap. A picture of remorse. “I thought you were already disappointed. It’s my fault that we’ve stopped. I just wish to make it up to you. Forgive me?”
It’s a bit sad, come to think of it. But also convenient.
Sherlock casts a quick side glance at John, but John doesn’t say anything. They’ve had their fun, so why shouldn’t Mary?
John makes a vague gesture around the hotel room, rather dingy indeed.
At first, he doesn’t quite realise what’s going on when John reaches for him and pulls him close, awkwardly but very determinedly. It’s like a reversal of that moment when he held the not-real-John after Mary’s not-real-death. A laugh at the déjà vu comes out as a sob.
She loves him, there’s no doubt about that, but something is off. Sometimes it’s like he’s two persons, the amiable and loyal John she’d married and the man with a fiendish, crooked smirk she lusts for. Sometimes it’s like he’s
On the whole, John considers their arrangement to work surprisingly fine. He’d been unsure if he should tell Mary about his previous involvement with Sherlock. Well, ‘previous’ including the stag night spent in the nick together, but they’d both been drunk and Sherlock totally gagging for harsh treatment. Then John had found out that Mary had her own secrets, so he had decided to take a risk and ask what she might think about...er…playing with Sherlock now and then.
Mrs Hudson has confiscated the handcuffs from the salad drawer, but that’s okay. Sherlock is so hungry for attention that he is likely to endure anything without restraints. Anything at all.
What clearly troubles Sherlock the most is that the plug constantly rubs against his oversensitized sweet spot as he squirms in a futile hope to get just slightly more comfortable. He bites his lower lip and steals quick, panicked glances at John. Maybe he’s not entirely past caring that the driver—or anyone else in the street when they leave the cab—might see the impressive bulge of his erection. The humiliation must be torturous. But so is the intention. John had made Sherlock wear
He’s silent for a moment, then he mutters, “It’s for her sake. I might be a danger to you both.”
“I know exactly who that is,” Sherlock mutters.
They don’t speak much about their arrangement. He always makes sure that Sherlock isn’t damaged… well, isn’t damaged too much. Isn’t that caring? Doesn’t it mean that he’s not a bad man after all?
“Ready for another round?” John asks, lowering his pants. “It looks like you are. Open your mouth for me.” He slaps his cock across Sherlock’s lips. “Wider.”
Without asking anything, a dress-coated servant, wearing white gloves and soft white overshoes to muffle his footsteps, guides them from the reception through a dark-wood panelled hallway with taxidermy everywhere to a small private room—and leaves in absolute silence.
After that, it’s mostly laboured breathing, rhythmic slapping sounds, and Sherlock’s occasional groans, low and guttural.
After some pushing and shoving, they manage to put Sherlock on his knees and tell him to hold onto the metal railing of the headboard for leverage, or the twisted chain of the handcuffs will pull too hard on his wrists. “We don’t want to damage you,” John tells him and pats his shoulder reassuringly.
And then there was his wedding. And several other things besides, until they both came to where they are now, John drinking himself to the point of hallucinating and Sherlock experimenting with illegal substances to the same extent.
“Hasn’t it occurred to you he might not go after you and target your family instead?” John asks more calmly. “Kidnap Rosie, just to get to you?”
Sherlock squirms in John’s lap as John parts his butt cheeks to show his furled hole, pale pink indeed. Wriggling isn’t a good tactic. John can feel how Sherlock’s cock and balls rub against his bulging crotch, arousing him all the more. Funnily enough, the spanking and a bit of groping seems to have had a similar effect on Sherlock himself. He’s at least half hard.
And see where it has brought him.
John hastily unzips his flies and pushes his pants down. His fumbling with the condom is somewhat graceless, but nobody seems to care. Sherlock breathes heavily as the tip of John’s cock batters against him for admission, stretching the virginal pink ring of muscle unbearably wide. John goes torturously slow. He can see that Sherlock clenches his hands into fists as he gets filled, inch by inch, and rattles his head from side to side as if in pointless denial. Maybe it hurts a little. Maybe it’s just uncomfortable. But Sherlock will have to get used to it. Get used to being a fucktoy.
The next question that comes to her mind is incredibly stupid. “So your name isn’t John?”
It’s frightening, to imagine that it might not always be like that.
“No, Ajay is not like that.”
“Come on, don’t make us wait,” John urges him.
If John had any artistic talent, he’d want to draw him. Instead, he pushes the duvet entirely out of the way and orders, “On your back. Present yourself to me.”
Sherlock looks very much engrossed in the process. Beads of sweat adorn his smooth, pale skin. Murray holds him by the hair, tugs at his curls, making him work faster. It’s a fascinating show.
John takes out the promised riding crop and slings the bag across his shoulder—he might need some items from it later. Then he tugs at the lead with his left hand, and off they go. John holds the door open for Sherlock to crawl past it and then guides him along the hallway, keeping him on a short lead and using the riding crop now and then to speed him up. It turns out it’s a bit of a challenge, to manoeuvre Sherlock with both hands occupied while the bag constantly tries to slide off John’s shoulder. Maybe it would have been better not to bother with the lead at all but to take Sherlock’s butt plug out and force the whip’s handle up his anus instead. It could be fun, driving him this way and that, thus impaled. Oh well. Good ideas always come too late.
The muddy ditch is not a deliberate trap, yet an effective one. But now John wishes Greg would leave at once. He’s desperately searching for pretexts to make Greg go back to London when he hears something he shouldn’t be hearing. Footsteps. Bare feet thumping gently against the wooden floors.
“Because I’m listening?” John suggests.
And that’s exactly when Ajay chooses to intervene.
John still suspects Sherlock had lied when he’d said “we”. John had never been in danger, but as for Sherlock… Mary had taken care to spare his life, but he’d almost died anyway. They never speak about it, like they’d never spoken about the origin of Sherlock scars.
“Sensitive,” John states the obvious, cupping Sherlock’s balls. “Very, very sensitive. We’ll make a perfect plaything out of you. Do I get it right that you’re still a virgin? Forgive my impudence, but I’ve heard some gossip about you. They say you’re married to your work. Shame. But the more fun it will be to break you in. We’ll drill you a pussy where your arsehole was.” He pushes Sherlock’s trousers and pants down. “Turn him over, lads. Onto the bed.”
not see you’re not John?”
John hadn’t been that furious since he’d learned about her assassin past.
“Mr Holmes sounds so formal,” John says. “I think I like Sherlock better. It’s unusual. Could be a girl’s name, right, fellas?”
“Statistically unlikely. I’m not a pleasant person to deal with. I’m prone to bossing people around. Saying unpleasant things. You must have noticed during our negotiations.”
Two shots, one chokehold, one knockout, and one broken clavicle later they find themselves by a ruined farmhouse. There’s an old well hidden in the bushes, and it’s flooding. It takes their joint effort to turn off the rusty tap.
Ending his life by putting himself into the hands of a serial killer is a very creative method of suicide. Not worse than taking a shot for someone else.
“Legs wider,” Mary commands, in the voice she uses in the hospital, and pinches Sherlock’s bum to reinforce her order. John wonders if he really saw this ruthlessness in her right from the start, and that’s what attracted him. A reflection of himself, in a way.
“Let’s get him out,” John says curtly.
“Does that mean you’re staying for the night?”
And then he just follows Sherlock to the main road and lets him hail a cab. He doesn’t care what Sholto and Murray will think. He’ll talk to them later.
She’s been dreading this line, and yet she nods calmly. “Okay. Talk then.”
He’s not. But if John is, it’s all that matters.
“John?” Sherlock says uncertainly as if questioning the evidence of his senses.
Sherlock lets out something very close to a disbelieving huff, but he’s really clever enough not to contradict. Should it count as disobedience anyway? John decides to be indulgent for now and provides Sherlock with an additional argument: “Consider this—you like being the center of attention, right? But usually you need to work hard for it. Now you don’t. You already have it, we’re all focused on you.” He pats Sherlock’s rump reassuringly. “So enjoy yourself. Enjoy being useful and very much appreciated without doing anything at all. Simply open your mouth, and Major Sholto will take care of everything else.”
“That was surprisingly easy,” Sherlock says, scratching John’s ear, when Mycroft clearly can’t hear him anymore. “Now he’ll be sure that
John isn’t quite sure if Sherlock is satisfied with their seemingly perfect arrangement, except for the times like this, when Sherlock snuggles close to him and lets himself be petted and soothed after a particularly challenging ordeal, finally certain that John is pleased with his behaviour. Mary says that Sherlock is fishing for John’s attention. Maybe he is, so what?
“So when you spoke about being a vassal…a subordinate to a man so much superior than you…” she begins.
“The sort that likes to boast, the sort that thinks it’s all a game. Or a very considerate one.”
He wonders what drug Mary gave him when she escaped. He’d passed out for a few hours then, slipped into oblivion without any dreams, and that’s what he wishes for right now. Sleeping pills never have such an effect on him. Drugs—not always. His mind doesn’t cease working, and he can’t stop it.
“Is there something I still don’t know about you either?” she asks, but it’s okay if he doesn’t answer. She doesn’t need to know his past. One secret more, one secret less—it’s really of little importance.
“If he takes his life, for instance, before we find his friend and disappear, Mycroft Holmes will be very, very upset. And making him upset doesn’t bode well.”
At the same time, John is bursting with the desire to taunt, to jibe, to ask Sherlock how it feels to be the one who’s fooled for a change. How it feels to taste his own medicine.
But Sherlock, having slightly recovered from his lust-induced frenzy, is stubbornly silent.
“Formally, all the freelancers worked for one of his subordinates,” she hastens to explain, “but he always controlled the game on the whole.”
“This sling—it’s actually rather comfy, isn’t it? If you chose it right away, without being so obstinate, it would have saved us all a lot of unnecessary maneuvering, and you wouldn’t be in pain now. I hope you’ve learned your lesson and there will be no need to repeat it. Do what’s the easiest. You’re not going anywhere, so there’s no point in being difficult anymore, no point in fighting. Let yourself give in. Go limp, loosen up. Tilt your head back, relax your jaw, relax your whole body.
There’s a snort of laughter behind Sherlock’s back, but he doesn’t turn around, doesn’t even flinch at the sound, his intent gaze locked on John. Evaluating. It’s nice that he seems to have understood that John is the boss of this motley crew of ex-military men, officially unemployed but very busy nevertheless. Former soldiers are always welcome when it comes to solving delicate problems by indelicate means.
“…or not,” John says warningly, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s neck. “You know, for a genius you can be remarkably thick. You should be paying attention to what I’m saying, not cutting me off. That’s what’s going to happen now: my friend Bill will have you, and you will keep still. Unless of course you’d like to actively participate and wriggle your slutty arse on his cock. Please don’t hold back then. I won’t judge you.”
He works on until Sherlock is appropriately lubed up and whimpering through gritted teeth.
He told Sherlock,
“Maybe we should ask our guest what he prefers?” Murray suggests. “The sling? It’s nice and cosy. Or we could tie him to the wall, with his legs well spread. Like a frog. It’s less cosy, but maybe he likes to be on display.”
With that, he leaves, looking very smug. Anthea obediently crawls by his side, not a step ahead or behind him. She’s well schooled indeed.
John chuckles. “Okay. Almost always.”
“I’m going to fist you, put my entire hand into your anus. Give you a new experience as a gift.”
Lestrade shrugs. “I don’t mind waiting. In fact, I have a day off. My car is stuck in the mud just outside your gates, so it looks like I’ll be here a while anyway. A cuppa would be great.”
“Well, you could go home, and I’d stay with him for a short while,” John suggests.
Sherlock must be enraged, humiliated, and turned on in equal parts now. Oh yes, John has been training him quite a lot, especially in anal play, and with satisfying results.
Sherlock might be brave, but he cries a lot when he gets his anus whipped, his intention to stay quiet notwithstanding. His poor sensitive opening, usually pale pink and funnily wrinkled, has already become reddened and tender and gaping from the brutal usage—and now this.
“Nice colour,” Murray remarks with a laugh.
It sounds almost playful and defiant, something John thought might be lost between them. For some reason, he finds it hard to keep his voice stern and steady when he says, “You know it will have consequences, don’t you?”
“At least I know who’s after me,” Mary hisses back. “I know he’s alone. I’d have dealt with it when he found me and then I’d have come home! But no, you had to follow me and leave Rosie alone.”
But when John takes his hand away, Sherlock speaks up again, desperate to be heard before it’s too late, “John, you once said—”
John’s finger circles Sherlock’s hole, presses in the middle. The orifice twitches, and John pushes harder. “Tight like a virgin ought to be. And responsive like a proper slut. What a precious combination.”
, you have to be grieving. I get it why Sherlock didn’t inform his John he was alive. It’s hard to fake grief. But you can do it, I know you can.”
The taxi stops on a narrow street with a row of elegant whitewashed buildings on one side and a private garden behind a wrought-iron fence on the other. John pays and ushers Sherlock out. As the car drives away, Sherlock, unusually hesitant, lingers on the pavement by the porch. There’s a brass plaque by the entrance declaring the venue to be “The Diogenes Club”.
John stands a little too close in Sherlock’s private space. The posh sod glares at him sourly but doesn’t back off. Probably because there are two men standing behind him—John’s companions. The tiny room looks a bit overcrowded, but John is used to manoeuvering in tight spaces; he feels quite comfortable.
Better to go on as if John hasn’t noticed anything. He’s just there, somewhere in the flat, doing something peacefully mundane. It’s easy, pretending.
“God, he’s tight,” Murray sighs out blissfully when he’s all the way in. “Just… just the right kind of tight.”
Sherlock is in a perfect state for that—painfully erect, tainted with drool, spunk, and his own precum, the black leather of the sling picturesquely rough against the exquisite whiteness of his skin. He looks both depraved and mortified. And maybe also just a teensy bit regretful. That’s a start.
Oh. That's something John doesn’t know how to respond to, so he just says, “Er. I’m glad you…feel that way. But we’re not going to continue, no. Come on, stand up. I’ll take you home, okay? We’ll catch a taxi.”
did to you and the things that
“Could
Sherlock lingers, and it should earn him a reprimand, but John is generous. He allows Sherlock time to process the information. Three seconds before he snaps his fingers in front of Sherlock’s face. “This century, please.”
Is it his sister talking? How does she know about his dreams? No, he must be still hallucinating.
A few hours. “Are you leaving?”
Sherlock considers it and says, “Yes, I couldn’t have helped you then.”
John watches her putting Rosie into the cradle. He just stands there, frowning, and she knows there’s something on his mind. She knows him so well, all his facial expressions, all of his wrinkles, and yet she feels there’s a complete stranger beside her.
“Much better,” he nods approvingly. “Major, I believe you happen to have a webbing belt, nice and heavy. We could make use of it. And then we’ll all have breakfast, like we were planning to. If you were well behaved, Sherlock, we could have hand-fed you, but now you’ll have to eat on the floor, from a dog bowl. And you’re going to lick it clean. No rejecting food, like you usually do.”
John’s loud order doesn’t seem to sink in. Sherlock either doesn’t hear it, or he’s too lost in his own mind. He keeps struggling desperately, like his life depends on it. He won’t break free like this, he’ll only damage his wrists, but he’s too stricken by panic to understand it.
“No, of course not.” His voice sounds false to his own ears.
“Sherlock!”
Instead of giving a proper answer, Sherlock breathes out a shuddering “Ah!” Murray continues to coax more precum out of his straining cock, so it must be difficult for Sherlock to concentrate. John gets it. Yet he can’t let it slide that Sherlock responded so incoherently.
“Back to business,” Sherlock says briskly. “If you need your reward—”
Sherlock obeys, albeit reluctantly.
“John, you’ve got to remember. It’s important. I
“I thought I was losing you,” Sherlock suddenly murmurs, tilting his head and nuzzling at John’s neck.
“Major, would you like to take him from the back or from the front?” John asks.
After having taught Sherlock a lesson, the client takes his time fucking the abused arse, and Sherlock’s cries finally die down into constant mewling. He still sobs, tears spilling down his face uncontrollably, when the client leaves, very satisfied, and John comes in to check the damage.
In a few minutes more, he pulls himself up too and gasps when he sits on his well-sodomised arse. It’ll probably hurt for quite a while. Clearly unsure on his feet, Sherlock drags himself to the bathroom. John can hear water running in the shower. It’s probably a good idea, the shower. But it means getting up, and John doesn’t really want to. Sholto yawns and wraps himself against Murray. It looks like they both would rather take a nap. A good idea too.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says slowly, looking John in the eyes. “But I wouldn’t do all that with someone I don’t trust. Someone who wouldn’t berate himself for leaving me bound. I don’t mind calling it friendship, if not an ordinary one. We were never ordinary anyway, neither of us.”
“John?” Sherlock calls again from the bedroom. He sounds impatient and a bit perplexed. He’s used to being pampered and soothed after intense scenes. He doesn’t like being left alone.
“Nah, what would be fun in that? I’m sure you appreciate some spirit.”
“Well yeah, drooling so much precum is a bit not good. He’ll be all sticky. But let’s be fair—I also told him to enjoy himself. Mixed messages. So let’s give him a chance to skip punishment. What do you think it is, Sherlock—a transgression or not? Are you simply enjoying yourself, like you were told to?”
, but it’s implied.
John brushes a stray curl from Sherlock’s forehead, runs a hand down his back. “Comfortable? Oh, maybe not entirely.”
His lips twitch. “Spot on. It’s Sebastian. Seb. But you can still call me John. I’ve never liked my name. Besides, I’ve been John Watson for so long that a few hours longer won’t make any difference.”
Logically, John knows he has no reason for jealousy—because this damn well looks like jealousy. They haven’t promised anything to each other after all.
Sherlock does as told, with his jeans pooling around his ankles, his belly flat on the bonnet, face hidden in his folded arms, so that only the mop of dark curls is visible. He stays obediently still when Mary takes two handfuls of his reddened butt cheeks and parts them, toying with the sore flesh.
Sherlock sucks on his cigarette and doesn’t answer.
It takes John a few moments to come to his senses. When he finally pulls out, Sholto quickly takes his place, almost shaking with excitement. When he shoves his impressive cock in, none too gently, Sherlock gives a barely audible whimper, but he doesn’t kick or thrash anymore. Murray lets him go, free to get ready for his turn. He shakes his jeans and underwear off impatiently, unable to take his eyes off Sherlock being mercilessly buggered, and starts slowly stroking himself.
Meanwhile, John turns his attention to Anthea, sniffing the air and tugging at his leash to get closer to her. He wriggles his arse, which is probably meant as wagging his tail. He actually does have a tail, attached to a butt plug, but it’s too short to wag it properly.
He wants Sherlock to instantly say, “Yes. Why?” He wants to know if there will be something left between them if the sex part of their deal goes wrong for some reason.
“I actually liked this Scotland Yard man. Maybe we should have invited him to join in,” Murray continues with some regret. “A nice scary inspector might come in very handy when it comes to dealing with fugitives.”
One of the nurses said he was awfully strong, but there’s a limit even for him. He’s tired of being strong. He’s tired of being clever. So he chose be weak and stupid just this once, and if John doesn’t come, it will be over very soon and he won’t even have much time to be upset about it. Isn’t it nice?
John pointedly looks under Sherlock’s belly, at his unflagging—and unattended—erection. Sherlock’s hands are free; he can’t reach behind himself to unbuckle the leather bindings, but he could touch himself. Yet he doesn’t. He knows that it’s for John to decide when he’s allowed to come. Definitely not when someone else’s cock is inside him.
“Why are you upset?” he inquires in a demanding tone. Sherlock gets irritable when John’s emotions puzzle him, like it’s John’s duty to be plain and easy to read. But maybe that’s what keeps Sherlock interested—the fascinating unpredictability of John’s reactions.
John forces Sherlock’s legs wide apart and straps them to the sides of the base, leaving him open. Now Sherlock is securely locked in place, unable to change his position, his arse up high.
He’ll never be completely on his own, with so many people dropping by every day, clients with cases of various degrees of morbidity and stupidity. So it’s not like being trapped in a cell, in solitary confinement, when John is not around. More like voluntarily spending time inside of a cardboard bunker. It’s not a prison, he could push the walls and they’d fall, but the real world outside is dismal and obnoxious and maybe it’s better to lock himself down in here and childishly pretend that’s what he wants. Alone is what he has. Alone protects him. Others come and go, and John is just one of them.
Sherlock doesn’t resist when his captors lift him up and place him in the sling, positioned on his back this time, like a life-size sex doll, and chain his legs and arms. This type of bondage is actually not as uncomfortable as it looks. John wouldn’t want his mates to know, but he tried this sling thing out before buying it. Sherlock isn’t the only one who considers experiments important, no matter how weird they might seem. Not just imagining but
John walks around him, unhurriedly. Sherlock is a gorgeous sight, from whatever angle, but there’s a detail about his appearance that troubles John rather than arouses him. Every time John catches a glimpse of several scars on Sherlock’s back—some clearly caused by a harsh whipping, some probably left by a knife or other sharp object—he feels a familiar anger welling up in his chest. He’d said he’d forgiven Sherlock for leaving. He’d meant it. But the thought of Sherlock being with someone else during those two bloody years…It still feels like a jolt of white-hot, searing pain.
slut.”
“More or less?”
It’s usually John who doesn’t get to the end of the sentence, but now it’s Sherlock’s turn. “Where…”
John hadn’t thought what else he wanted to say. To be honest, he hadn’t thought at all when he’d rushed after Sherlock. “Er,” he mutters. “It’s not my business of course, but why all this? Why employ us? With your looks, you could have seduced anyone you wanted, for free.”
“Too one-track-minded.”
“I came as soon as I could,” Mary says apologetically.
“Fuck yeah,” Murray says, squeezing Sherlock’s buttocks. It’s unclear whether he’s commenting on Sherlock’s unruliness or his physique. Probably the latter. Sherlock has a shapely arse indeed; John has had the chance to enjoy it quite a number of times.
“Uh. Yes, John.”
? Because there’s a thing with presents—it’s impolite to turn them down. And Sherlock knows the consequences of being rude.
Sherlock’s muscles quiver a little, whether from the strain or apprehension. He must feel so vulnerable now. The gloved hand unhurriedly maps outs the scars on Sherlock’s back, scratches them a little as if trying to erase the faint lines. Then something thin like a blade traces one of them, goes lower, to the small of Sherlock’s back, and still lower…
“That’s a good boy. That’s a good slut,” Mary praises him in a slightly mocking tone as Sherlock’s usually dexterous fingers clumsily fumble with the zip of his jeans. “Come on, don’t keep us waiting.”
“Almost virginally tight, huh? It’s been a while since this hole got enough exercise, so it might take some time. But we’ll get there eventually.”
“There is nothing wrong with me!” Sherlock snaps.
They both are dozing off sprawled on his sofa, and Sherlock suppresses the urge to creep closer, sit down on the floor, and watch John while he’s sleeping. A bit not good. John wouldn’t like that. It’s better not to make him angry, or he might stop coming to Baker Street now and then. He’s either accompanied by Mary, or Sherlock has to ask her if she doesn’t mind, but it’s better than nothing at all.
“We could move the bed from the wall and fuck his mouth too, through the slats,” Sholto suggests. “I don’t think he’ll mind much.”
Sherlock rubs both hands over his face, drops them abruptly into his lap. When he starts speaking, he keeps his gaze lowered.
The pyjamas join the t-shirt. Sherlock just stands there, naked, swaying a little, with an incongruous half-smile, as if he suspects it’s a joke, until John leads him to the metal-and-leather frame and makes him bend over it, so that the larger hoop goes under his belly for support, and the other one under his armpits. It takes some pushing and pulling for Sherlock to assume the correct position.
Doesn’t matter. It’s more important to keep exploring. Now he knows John is chained up in a well, which isn’t good, but at least it’s something. Voices changing in his earpiece make his thoughts hopelessly muddled, like words and dates in a wrong sequence.
, and I wouldn’t have to explain anything. I guess I was wrong. It wouldn’t be good for both of us.”
But afterwards… John has to retreat to the kitchen to have a moment on his own.
“We would be glad to take you to the house, Sherlock,” he adds almost soothingly, “but we can’t, not until you prove we can give you some slack. It’ll take some time. I know you don’t like holidays at all, so you’re probably displeased about this one, too, and ‘some time’ might be a long while, actually. But believe me, it’s better for you than you are currently equipped to understand.”
After two dozen blows, Sherlock’s buttocks become rosy pink.
Then it’s nothing. Silence. Blankness. No more strokes. Until someone’s leather-gloved hand touches his sore perineum, a finger probing around his distended, ready-for-use hole. It must be John. But why is he wearing gloves?
But logic is Sherlock’s trade, not his.
Also, he berates himself for not taking pictures. Sherlock looked so good trapped on the breeding stand, like he belonged there. Oh well. On the other hand, Mrs Hudson is still away and the stand is still there. They can use it again tomorrow.
They smile simultaneously, and maybe it’s a bit not good, grinning like that because they anticipate a fight. But it is what it is.
Maybe it’s a wrong question to ask, though it’s seemingly innocent. But in the end, John can’t seem to stop himself.
John sighs, having given up convincing her she was wrong. “So. AGRA. You said it was your initials.”
He sounds too cheerful. A man who has just lost his wife shouldn’t be so nonchalant.
“And if I’m not your friend anymore, what I am, then?” John asks in a quieter voice. He doesn’t add,
“Mmm, why don’t we have a bet?” Sherlock suggests. “If John wins the fight, you’ll breed him with your precious Anthea. I’m sure she’ll enjoy it. John’s quite well endowed.”
As if to prove Sherlock’s point, John’s cock is profusely leaking onto the floor. Sherlock nudges John to roll over and gives his belly a playful stroke. “Naughty, naughty.”
“I know you missed the pit,” Sherlock says almost affectionately. “The thrill of the fight, the blood pumping through your veins. But there will be other battles you’re going to win.”
“What do we do?” he wonders almost helplessly and looks up at her for the first time.
He looks doubtful and sarcastic, but also…hopeful? John considers telling him something that has been tormenting him ever since Mary’s death—another secret, another betrayal, worse than flirting with some random girl. When he heard that shot in the aquarium, his first thought was,
“Of course I’m all right,” Sherlock snaps. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
John Watson again. I didn’t want to, but was I ever so lucky—I succeeded.” A mirthless smirk. “It’s funny. We’ve never been friends, and yet I owe him your life.”
She chuckles. “Yeah, okay, all right, he is. But he’s our monster, in a way. And hardly worse than we are. Maybe a little bit better.”
how it feels for Sherlock to be suspended, with his legs high up in the stirrups, makes this strange experience worthwhile. Well, maybe Sherlock doesn’t compare himself to an aerial acrobat stuck mid-air in a trapeze, but any other associations he has must be equally humiliating.
John touches his lush lips with a free hand. “Ah-hah. You’re not to ask what will happen there. What would be the fun in that?”
Oh hell, it seems that he’ll have to get up after all. His clothes are scattered all over the floor. He can’t find a match to his sock and takes Murray’s.
“Sherlock, do you realise this is a tiny bit humiliating? I mean for me. I told my friends how good you had been during these three months, how eager to please, and now you’re acting up. They might think I’m a liar, and we don’t want that, do we?”
Mycroft sighs, theatrically. “Always so aggressive. You could be just a tiny bit grateful for my help. Regrettably, politeness has never been at the top of your priorities. John must appreciate your other…valuable qualities, having tolerated you for so long.”
“If that’s your nice way of saying that I’m a freak, thanks, I know it myself. Only a freak could have arranged something like that to lose his virginity. A fake rape. And even paid for it.”
“It feels strange, dedicating your life to someone,” he says slowly. “Someone so far superior. Smarter. Someone who knows how to pull your strings so you become nothing but a vassal to him. Nothing, literally. Because when he abandons you, without asking, you’re just an empty shell. A body. A face. Nothing more. You were so eager to take whatever shape he wanted to see that you forgot how to be yourself.”
“When I was alone,” he murmurs in a tight voice, “I kept talking to you. All the time. I wouldn’t cope otherwise. I got used to it so much I could imagine you answering. I could even hear your voice in my head. When I returned…nothing changed. I kept talking and imagining your responses, that’s all. And you still weren’t there.”
“You know what? I’m getting a little impatient,” Smith tells him, and Sherlock’s heart gives a feeble lurch, no matter how much he wants to take it stoically.
“The operation wasn’t meant to be successful, for many reasons. There was a mole selling government secrets who wanted the ambassador to disappear, but it wasn’t just that. I never asked for details, but there had been some great game going on, and the mole had to keep working without suspecting he—or maybe she—had been discovered. So the ambassador who knew too much had to be sacrificed. Besides, my teammates also knew too much and got too greedy... The government wanted to close the freelance programme, and to do it…well…in the most permanent way. I was offered a deal. I bring down my team and go free, more or less.”
“It’s okay,” John says. “I don’t mind that you’re a slut, not at all. Just don’t you ever forget that you are
Experimenting, John tries to slowly rotate his hand and lightly flex his thumb and fingers. It earns him a series of incoherent pleas that turn into low, strangled keening. It’s nice to reduce Sherlock, usually so composed, to a whimpering, inarticulate mess, and by such simple means.
There’s a bit of arguing about pros and cons of each position, and then a bit of manoeuvering, and at last, Sherlock is handcuffed to the metal slats of the headboard. John puts two pillows under his arse while Sholto and Murray hold Sherlock’s legs wide apart.
! I do my best to keep him from our house so he wouldn’t find out you’re alive, and you’re sending him video recordings!”
Molly might suspect there’s something going on between them, but John doesn’t care, not now. He’s always been careful, wearing a mask of a civilised man, waving off all gossip about him and Sherlock, but this very moment, the need to take Sherlock apart is like a searing pain, almost unbearable, so he can’t focus on worrying about anything else. Besides, nowadays, if he behaves strangely, everyone says it’s understandable. Though why does everything have to be understandable?
“No!” Sherlock catches his sleeve. He rarely disobeys like that nowadays. “No, John, please. Don’t go.”
It’s been happening too often recently, Sherlock reconciling with being pushed too far.
“So you’ve turned a virgin into a slut, but left some spirit in him, eh? What a nice combination.”
He inserts his fingers, unhurriedly, to form  a “V” shape, with four of them coming together in a point like a bird’s beak and the thumb folded over in the palm. The difficult part is getting past the knuckles, since this is the widest part of the hand.
John taps at his buttocks with an open palm, lightly, as a warm-up. Sherlock twitches violently, but he has little room for movement. Besides, Murray twists his arms quite professionally.
“All the time,” she admits. “You’re always a good man, John. I’ve never doubted that. You never judge; you never complain. I don’t deserve you. I... All I ever wanted to do was keep you and Rosie safe, that’s all.”
“He isn’t dead. There was a woman…Jim’s accomplice, or maybe his informant. He never deigned to explain. Now she controls things, or so she says.”
“He doesn’t look happy to see us,” Murray says. “Hey there. Didn’t you enjoy the ride?”
“And don’t forget your manners. Be polite.
Why spoil a surprise? Besides, Sherlock has to recover after today’s
“Oh my dear. Did you really think everything could be resolved with a hug? I’m afraid not. Well, it was a nice game anyway. Thanks for playing along. I like rituals, you know. This one was worth repeating. Victor and John will soon rest together in the same grave. As for you, I don’t think you’ll ever rest after that. It’s a problem with you, ordinary people. You get too emotionally involved. Too attached to your pets.”
“I’m not—” Sherlock protests, but gasps when John slaps his arse again, hard.
Sherlock cuts him off, “If it’s only about getting high, why am I not doing this with someone else? Why don’t I want to? Or is it something I’m not currently equipped to understand?”
“They’re going to like you,” John had said, well aware that it sounded pretty ominous.
“So might I. We should get Rosie out of it. We’ll think of something,” she says firmly.
After that, they lie in bed, spent and sated, all four of them. It takes some time for John to prop up on his elbows and ask, “You’re okay?”
“What do we do then? Police—not a good idea, considering you’re so heavily involved and I’m officially dead. Maybe later. But what now? Should we interrogate her?”
He’s silent for a while and she wonders if that’s all she’s going to get, more dancing around the fact that Sherlock had meant so much to him. But then he says, “I don’t know how to tell you. I should, but… I wasn’t… Oh hell, I…”
They stand under the trees, hidden in the darkness, but close enough to have heard what Sherlock muttered, gesturing madly among the fake graves.
“I’ll leave the money on the table,” he says, deliberately not looking in the direction of the bed.
“Why do you care?”
Still, sometimes John wants to do something violent when he thinks about it. Well, something more violent than their usual activities.
“Thank you!”
“I need to talk to you.”
Suddenly he steps close and wraps his arms around her, so tight it hurts, despite the fake blood and her efforts to wriggle out. He holds her and holds her, and finally she gives up and lets him.
“That’s good. Very good,” John encourages him—positive reinforcement is always important. “Just don’t linger with your answer next time.”
“So, what about Moriarty, then?” she asks out of the blue, just to divert from her maddening thoughts. John has his laptop to distract him, Sherlock has his phone, and she only has an ache in the small of her back. It’s not fair.
John hasn’t said what he should have said, turning his answer into a joke, and it’s the only thing he feels bad about. He’s never been good at saying the right things at the right moment, unless he's rehearsed them first. Sherlock and he are not entirely dissimilar in that regard.
Two years is a long time. Enough for one to reconsider some things.
Will it be jealousy on her part if she’s reluctant to let him stay? If so, why? Sherlock is a plaything for them both, so it’s only logical that one of them should make sure he’s okay.
But as for lovemaking…what is lovemaking meant to be? Kisses and cuddling? Or a fiery, sparking connection, almost unbearable in its intensity?
There’s a thing that bothers her, though. Why is John so sullen? He’s been smiling and acting nice, but now that they are on their own, he’s visibly deflated. Is it because of Sherlock?
“I flirted with someone else,” John blurts out.
Sherlock doesn't live with them, but whenever John and Mary want it, he’s available for their games. And after that they just return to their normal mundane routine. It’s very handy. Sherlock doesn’t mind. But right now John feels unsure about leaving Sherlock on his own.
“We’re going to untie you now,” John warns him. “And we expect you to behave.”
John snorts. “Why would I?”
“I think we’ll need a saw,” Mary says. “And a rope of course. I hope John doesn’t freak out when he sees you.”
It’s only logical that John would snap at Mycroft.
Naturally, Sherlock froths at that. “Are you here just to humiliate me?” he spits out.
“Yeah,” Sholto grunts again. “Stroke him.”
Sherlock hastily obeys. He strokes himself a few times, and it’s all that takes for him to come violently, with a broken cry, spilling over the floor. As he thrashes on the breeding stand, still shaking from the intensity of his orgasm, John pats his back tenderly.
The ghost crouches beside him, and his touch is cold but solid. Sherlock shudders at it, and his mind suddenly seems to shirt-circuit. John. John. John.
“Couldn’t you do without that farewell speech? It was horribly cheesy,” John grumbles. “It was like in a bad movie.”
Sherlock nods, his head bowed, seemingly contrite. Maybe he really is. His arse is already of the right shade, close to the colour of the Persian rug, because John always hands out punishments right after a misdeed occurs, with additional corrective measures afterwards to seal the effect.
Sherlock gasps when Sholto drips more lube onto his anus and starts rubbing it in, and John shoves himself deeper into the wet warmth.
It’s complicated, unlocking the stocks while trying to hold Sherlock’s raging body down. Sherlock’s ankles are unshackled first. When his right arm gets free too, Sherlock almost manages to twist out of John’s grip. He would have dislocated his arm badly if it weren’t for John’s military training.
John is almost convinced he won’t be able to catch Sherlock up, but finds him smoking on the porch. John isn’t quite sure why he left his mates and went after him. Certainly not to ask a stupid question: “Are you really all right?”
work for you? You liked it?”
John’s voice sounds both angry and pleading. “You could have stayed. You could have talked to me. That’s what couples are supposed to do: work things through.” There’s hurt in his eyes when he adds, “Mary, I may not be a very good man, but I think I’m a bit better than you give me credit for, most of the time.”
John has put on a jacket, a set of keys in one hand and a briefcase in the other. “I’m picking up Rosie this afternoon, after I’ve seen my therapist. Got a new one; seeing her today.”
world. If he only could, he’d keep Sherlock locked up in a dungeon forever, safe from any judgmental idiots, but things never work like that, do they?
John won’t tell him, but that was rather the point. What if something went wrong and Sherlock really couldn’t call for help? Yet everyone’s a critic.
“No!” John protests fervently. “No, I didn’t mean it this way. It’s just… It’s not about you, it’s about me. How can I still be your friend, with everything I do to you?”
Sherlock will be easy to deal with, no matter what he might think.
Sherlock shrugs stiffly. “I got caught breaking into a military base. They interrogated me. I don’t know for how long, exactly. The light was always on, I lost count of days.”
“No, I didn’t mean that I... disapprove or something. I took part in it after all. And I liked it. If you’re a freak, then I’m a freak too. But it’s not the point.” John feels himself blabbering and tries to gather his thoughts. “You might be fine physically—if you say so, okay—but such an intense experience… it messes with your head sometimes. Do you have someone to stay with you for a while? Someone to talk to?”
He falters, and John can’t but finish the sentence for him, “Cruel?”
He wonders if his John has always been imaginary, in a way.
He looks back at her and blinks in surprise at her furious outburst. “Um. Am I?”
Sholto, tired of being idle, rubs a finger inquisitively against Sherlock’s anus, reddened and tender after Murray has already made good use of it. A spread-eagled position isn’t good for intercourse, but sticking a thumb up Sherlock’s arse is an excellent idea. Except for the first surprised cry, Sherlock has tried be silent so far, but now his resolve crumbles and he lets out an unwanted sob.
? But he clearly wants to.
He’s unlikely to have children. He’d never thought of that before.
John gives Sherlock a light push between his shoulder blades, and Sherlock hastily drops to all fours, grasping the silent command at once.
“We didn’t know about what had happened at Barts, me and several henchmen involved. Sherlock had jumped off the roof, everything went on as planned. I was to take John Watson’s place after Sherlock’s death and approach Sherlock’s brother. Grief makes even most cautious people careless, vulnerable, easy to manipulate. Mycroft Holmes…he could be of some interest to Jim. And it all went perfectly well. John didn’t even resist much, in the state he was after the funeral. Jim’s men took him away, and I became him. But then it turned out there was no Jim anymore. And what was I supposed to do? He never thought of us, mere mortals. He never thought of me.” He flails a hand in desperation. A gesture so familiar. Did it belong to him or the real John Watson?
And one more, this time from John. “I think you forgot something.”
sure about you winning—therefore he’ll place a wager with a bookmaker in accordance with his assumptions, and so will many other guests. But I’ll make a different wager—I’ll bet that you lose. Which you will do. Despite what Mycroft might say, you’re trained quite well, aren’t you?”
. No, not even a thought—a cold wave of horror. And when he rushed in and saw it was Mary instead…for a short moment, he felt nothing but relief. A very, very short moment, but afterwards, it was hard to live with that nevertheless. Guilt was like acid, stronger than grief, burning through him from the inside. He couldn’t bear facing Sherlock and remembering. No matter how things had turned out between him and Mary, it was unfair, being glad it was her.
“Mr Holmes will do,” the arrogant bastard says. In his impeccable, very fitted dark suit, he looks out of place in here. Without it, he would have looked more appropriate if not better, John thinks with a small smile.
…And no one else around. The room is empty, except for Sherlock and John.
? Is it just a habit?
He scratches the sole of Sherlock’s foot, and Sherlock jerks in his bonds, hard. They hold of course.
John’s hand slips lower, onto Sherlock’s boyish hip, and further down. Sherlock’s pubic hair is soft and ticklish.
Sherlock once said, “I love the brilliant ones—so desperate to get caught.” John totally agrees, at least when it comes to one brilliant person in particular.
If there is a next time. Are they back to what they had, or was this a one time thing, just because they felt lonely and lost?
When they come to the stairs, it’s most amusing, the way Sherlock moves even more timorously, measuring each step, cautious not to stumble downwards. The butt plug must cause him discomfort, rubbing his insides at a different angle as he crawls down the stairs. John doesn’t hurry him until they reach the bottom, so that he doesn't trip up and fall, but after that, the riding crop comes into play again because Sherlock is too slow. Even slower, the nearer they get. John almost has to drag Sherlock forward, encouraging him with heartfelt swats.
He fingers Sherlock’s cock, out of curiosity. It makes Sherlock let out a faint “Ah!” and squirm in Sholto’s and Murray’s grip.
, but before she retired…she was less sentimental then.
Sherlock winces, like John has made an insipid joke. “I know it’s unlikely. I prefer being realistic. This doesn’t mean I have to behave the way you do and think myself lucky to have a respite. I’d rather you order me not to contact her ever again.” He looks almost hopeful when he says, “You could punish me for texting her.”
Mrs Hudson and Molly and Sherlock have left, having had their share of champagne and taking pictures and cooing around little Ms Watson. Well, not Sherlock, in fact. He mostly kept his eyes fixed on his phone like it was physically painful for him to look at the happy couple with the baby.
He cups John’s balls and squeezes them proprietarily, and John lets him. John always lets him do whatever he wants. It can make one very, very spoilt.
John closes the cupboard door, not sure why he’s opened it. “Coming!”
“Filthy? Yes, you are,” John confirms cheerfully. “Still covered in my come. Still very tender, I believe, after what I’ve done to you.”
Now John wishes it all had lasted longer. If he hadn't been so impatient to come, he could have kept Sherlock enslaved, owned, impaled on his fist, unable to escape—for as long as he wanted. He could have made Sherlock rub himself again and again, until he was raw and spent. Maybe next time…
His jab irritates me further. I realize how it looked like to him.
Mycroft pauses, knowingly. Deceiving Mycroft was not a good idea to start with.
"But, for the record, there are two people who have done that" John continued. He had the sudden urge to tell Sherlock what he meant to him.
John was in his room, pacing back and forth, like a man on a mission. Sherlock knocked.
A string of his violin broke and Mrs. Hudson could see that Sherlock's finger got cut. Blood was seeping out and was dripping on his bow. Mrs. Hudson wanted to stop him at once, but something told her not to. Sherlock needed this in order to get over his problems. As long he does not cause himself a permanent injury, it was fine. Sherlock did not stop, however. He continued to play, if possible, even faster.
to see their children happily settled,
My god
I will, I will. I just don't know how to do it – JW
No, no, no, no. This is a trick.
John: Oh, sorry, wrong person.
(6:08 p.m.) I am not typing an apology for you, Sherlock.
We first covered as to where we would celebrate his party. She had this insane idea of celebrating his party in a limo. The limo would stop wherever there was a crime. After I shut down that idea, we got to working. And, I think the place we decided upon would be good. Convenient, too.
people. Despite what they say, everyone is bound by their
Such is the danger of love.
As if she read his mind, she said:
"Tomorrow"
succeeds.
12:47
I would look at him, irritated. Not that I would admit, Mycroft's opinion always mattered to me because it was the truth.
"And one should embrace it when it comes. Like a solider"
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
12:57
Of course he wasn't. Why would Married-To-My-Work Sherlock Holmes even care? John needed Sherlock for his adrenaline fix. Sherlock didn't need him.
John: Baker Street? Tomorrow five PM?
"Spare me the lecture, Molly. I most certainly did not hallucinate the event!" I yell. My anger at Sherlock for making me doubt what happened was killing me.
"Well, why are you still listening to lanky 'ol me? Go ahead, talk to them!" he made a gesture as if he were presenting royalty.
John's happiness was worth it. His entire face lit up. Sherlock smiled a genuine smile for the first time in weeks. John's happiness was worth it.
Dimmock: ...Fine.
Finally, Tom opened the box.
(5:09 p.m.) Sherlock, where are you? I may have a foot for you.
"Alright fine, staying close to the truth then. Will you be wearing a disguise?"
My mind is whirring with all the things that had happened the past twenty-four hours. In twenty-four hours, we turned from detective and blogger to fraud and criminal. That wasn't the worst part. I knew Moriarty wouldn't rest until he destroyed Sherlock, until he burns the heart out of Sherlock. And he has. He had destroyed everything what Sherlock most held dear, his work. And now, it is only a matter of time till he tries to kill…no, I would never, never ever let that happen. We wait, for Moriarty's next move.
John: (draft) You've helped me through some of the darkest parts of my life and never judged me. You have my sincere gratitude for that. Maybe in a different world, in a different time...
What!?
"Oh, so you are going to enter the contest as well?" Mr. Sagarson said, intrigued.
I just wish he sent these lines.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
Oh my god
"Calm down, Doctor! Come in, dinner is being served." he said cheekily, already going back to the restaurant, not bothering to look back. Somehow, both of us knew I would be going back.
I stop at the doorway, fighting the rush of memories that were trying to overpower me. It was too much.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
Sherlock relaxed, and instead put on an expression John was very familiar with. He became consulting detective Sherlock from model William.
For the first time this evening, I look at her. Really look. I had been obsessed with very minute details about John that I didn't really observe her. Mycroft's voice hits me.
Sherlock seemed to be completely okay with the fact that John was engaged to Mary and intended to marry her
Sherlock's eyes suddenly glimmered.
They both shook hands and went through the details of the competiton. Apparently, there were three rounds. They sounded pretty ridiculous to be frank. The first round was to test the couple's understanding. They would be blind-folded and would have to find each other. They were not allowed to speak. The first five couples who did so would reach the second round. All other rounds were equally corny.
After several
Sherlock smiled.
"What?"
Honey, you know you can talk to me, right? About anything. A teacher you hate, a deep conversation about everything and nothing, the sky, your Biology homework, your relationships. Especially your relationships. I know the pain love can cause and
His iPhone vibrated, clearly the app had begun its work. Great. As if he needed another remainder of how close he and Sherlock were sitting and what little effort would be required to hold his hand. John sighed. He had a feeling that it was going to be a long day.
He continues:
Piece by piece Sherlock placed it all together. Soon, it became clear as to who the criminal was.
Sherlock had no idea what made him do this, he wasn't even aware of deciding to do this, but somehow he found himself walking towards the coat hanger and whispering:
"How long?"
"Where's your disguise then?"
letter?
I find all the things I am looking for. I get them all wrapped and hide them in my locker at the hospital. I wanted to genuinely surprise Sherlock.
Sometimes, when I'm not busy working and fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) Sherlock has no case and we are not running after a criminal in the alleys of London or he's not about to set fire to the kitchen, I sit and wonder, what exactly we all look for in a life partner. Looks? Well, maybe. Kindness? Definitely. I was always more of a action based guy, so I am looking for someone who needs an adrenaline fix. But, at the end of the day, I think, we all want partners who show attention to us. We want someone who wants to know what has happened in our life. We all need a good listener, a good observer. We need someone who understands if we are tired or not based upon the sound of our footsteps. It feels nice, to be the receiver of such attention. That we mean the world to at least one person. The one person worth living for (no, I'm not suicidal). Deep down, we are all attention seekers, waiting for people who want to listen to your story. Ok, wait, I think Sherlock has set the kitchen on fire, the sprinklers are on.
John nodded, taking the phone.
E: Yeah, I know! I looked it up. John :)
All right. What was the first thing that you ever said to me? – JW
I looked out of the window. John was coming back with two heavy grocery bags from the direction of the grocery store. I smile at the skull. Sherlock one, skull zero.
"Hello Diana! It's so great to meet you in person!" Hamish replied, trying his best to sound like a fan.
"Shan..."
(9:31 p.m.) Why are you staring at your phone and have a goofy smile on your face?
(4:21 p.m) And?
"Sherlock, Sherlock! Are you even listening?" John's voice cuts through my contemplation. He was waving a paper towards me.
John remained silent, not wanting to say the words that were threatening to burst out.
Yes, John. But even a criminal would say that. Has all my instruction been for naught? – SH
on. It almost worked – John dated someone named Mary who was quickly removed from the scene by Mycroft when they found she was an agent on the run. John didn't need the danger.
Mycroft pauses. This was it. Sherlock's reply would tell him everything he needed to know about this love triangle.
The day of the Fall. My entire body is tingling with anticipation. This was it. Today would set the entire course of my life. I pace back and forth, not knowing what to do till the evening. I decide to meet .
Probably her birthday
Wait, what?
"My best friend Margaret….." Mrs. Hudson goes on, wanting to see how he would react.
The line went dead but she didn't care. She was too busy laughing.
Luxembourg. Vienna. Budapest. Belgrade. Rome. Vatican City.
(1:09 a.m.) Wait, you mean the thing with John? But we did not finish it yesterday. You were very dissatisfied.
The door bell of 221 B buzzed, breaking the monotony of the day nicely.
To Dr. and Mrs. Watson.
Perhaps they could see it in my face, or perhaps Sherlock loved me enough to know that giving you up was something I could never move on from. So, they made me godmother. There was never a day more happier than realising I could be a part of your life. Your childhood is an abundance of memories I will always remember and cherish. I will never forget the kid with his two broken front teeth and eyepatch, brandishing a sword and yelling "Walk the plank! Walk the plank!"
"So?" William said, as if he were waiting for John to say something. Did he look
She seemed genuinely pleased that I met someone.
"So, John", he says kneeling in front of me, "Would you do me the honor of marrying me after three years?". His beautiful eyes burn with love. He looked a mess, bloodied cloak and blood matted to his hair. But, he never looked more beautiful to me.
The second scene. An old flat. A person is sleeping on the bed. The doors are locked, the windows are secured except for one. No footprints under the window. He had a visitor who spoke with an accent (according to the night guard) the previous night but he left soon. Mark died in the early hours of dawn.
The third time was for him believing that things could go back to normal. And, his definition of normal did not involve the proposal in the hospital. Therein lies the irony. I got what I wanted the most – Sherlock not dead, but in return, I had to give him up. I was cursed to love a man who would never love me back. In retrospect though, it was completely my fault. He warned me, in the very beginning,
Nothing. I feel nothing. Or maybe, I am feeling so many things at once that I don't know what I am feeling. Here I was, finally, FINALLY moving on, ready to propose to a woman I loved and he HAD to ruin it for me. Lately, the Universe's past-time has been ruining my life and my mind.
John said, completely flabbergasted.
The second string also broke. His hand was filled with blood. The carpet was also slowly turning red. Sherlock seemed to not even realize that his hand was injured.
He looked at me the way you would look at someone after you asked them to marry you. With hope, with anticipation. I was slightly scared. I had no words for him.
Evening. Chilly. A day which shows no intention of ending. It speaks of a new beginning.
I wonder, as to what to ask Sherlock next. I decided against asking him how he survived the fall…Sherlock would always divert the topic. He avoided talking about the Fall as much as I did.
"John?"
John has found a shoulder to cry on. A good…..friend?
"Very excited. Yeah, thank you. Great music."
I wasn't in bomb disposal. I'm a bloody doctor!
(1:10 p.m.) What the apology gift? Why? You were giggling at your phone an hour ago. I saw you.
I'm not gifted like you, Sherlock – JW
"And the other…" he looks at Sherlock's empty seat.
and that he burned away the sheet music because it made him
"So?" John whispered.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
My hand reaches to my DVD player but I stop. I realize I would see Sherlock again. But, I would also have to deal with the fact that he isn't here anymore. Watching Sherlock talk again would take me back down to a trip in the memory lane. I would be forced to deal with the fact that life in the present is nothing compared to the life of the past. Sherlock's loss would hit me again. Was I ready to deal with that?
Therefore he had taken to complaining to the reason he was there in the first place: a murder of an English woman that turned out to be an elaborately staged suicide. It could not be solved by Scotland Yard because they had a personnel shortage (or that's what they called it officially when they needed Sherlock's help). Why he ever agreed to help Lestrade out with this he did not remember.
Sherlock's heart beats fast. Did Mycroft know?
Ella was wrong about many things about me. But this time, her words hit home. Of course, there was stuff I wanted to say. How I secretly like his hair, how I liked making him behave and he sulked like a cute kid, how I loved his unpredictability. How I loved fighting alongside him. His deductions would never stop surprising me. I loved him for trying to stay away from drugs. Just for me. And of course, the main thing: That I loved him and cared about him.
Sherlock: (draft) It's kinda funny, isn't it? Losing someone who was never yours.
Sherlock: (draft) I just hope you're still the same.
"So, as soon as I am two meters away from you'll feel a light vibration. As we get close, it'll only become stronger. But, don't directly come towards me. Fumble a bit but don't move much from your location."
I start packing. I had separate rooms for John, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, my parents, Molly,Moriarty and Lestrade. I go to their rooms, packing everything. I realize that these were the things that defined me, made me who I am today. I take Redbeard along with me.
They all give him their gifts and soon left. It was only John and Sherlock now. John suggested going back to 221 B. Sherlock acquiesced.
Dancing. Dancing. Sherlock was dancing. It was a little sad actually, for he was dancing with an imaginary partner. An imaginary partner who seemed to be exactly of John's height.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John. If you don't mind me asking, what is going on with you and Sherlock?"
This is my Sherlock POV. Do let me know what you think!
Diana: A platinum chain (quite old, judging by the fact that the chain left a circular imprint on Diana's neck. Sherlock made Molly check twice) a lipstick, a unused pregnancy test stick, her phone, tissues, nail polish (all of them were in her handbag with which she seemed to have tried to protect herself). She wore a cocktail dress with no pockets. Both of them were clearly heading out for the evening when they were killed.
“You made a vow, you swore it,” John said, his voice trembling with rage, and then turned back to his dead wife. And Sherlock knew he shouldn’t stay. He didn’t have the right to.
Come to think of it, this might be the cruelest punishment, not doing anything to Sherlock at all. Even if John will be up for more some time later, Sherlock won’t be allowed to come for quite a while. It’s time to remind him he must earn his orgasms.
It’s nice to slide both hands into the folds of the undone shirt and lay them on Sherlock’s waist. His flanks are well-toned and his chest is almost hairless. John wonders if his arse is also pleasantly smooth. Well, it won’t be long until they find out.
“Sherlock?”
“Try to rhythmically clench and release your muscles,” John recommends, in his considerate doctor tone. He’s glad Sherlock is facing him. It’s most pleasing to watch for his reactions, to see the need and fear and resignation.
“Before you do anything that you might regret…” Sherlock begins heatedly, still acting like an indignant brat.
When he comes back with company, Sherlock’s face reflecting in the mirror looks a bit panicky, though he’s still aroused. John pats Sherlock’s backside encouragingly. “Enjoy yourself.”
“Quite possibly, yeah,” John says thoughtfully. “He might earn even more than he does now, actually. But I think we might make him look even better.”
First, it’s more like a spanking. Rhythmic, loud slaps against the tender, vulnerable skin. Then they become more and more intense. No stray hitting—both John and Murray aim at the arches of Sherlock’s feet, between his heels and toes. If done wrong—or right, depending on desired outcome—bastinado can cause a great deal of damage. Bones, nerves, tendons, muscles—anything can be injured. Fortunately, Murray is precise, like when he’s taking a shot. As for John, his hand never shakes when it comes to violence.
“Besides,” she says more softly, “don’t you feel sorry for him, just a little? I mean Sherlock, not Mycroft, god forbid. He is the cleverest man in the world, but he’s human, he’s not a monster.”
Mrs. Hudson trembled as she walked through the doors of what once was her husband's finest accomplishment. She could not bear to look at the dark ruins which once had been beacons of light. She moved forward, with a lantern in her hand, trying hard not to relive the days of her past.
No answer. The house was eerily quiet except for the smiley on the face which seemed to be mocking Sherlock.
He disguised himself as one of the staff? No, all the staff was dismissed for today.
"Stop sulking and look at this. It's a case" he said. But something was off. John's eyes weren't shining with the thrill of a case. No violence in the crime then. It's going to be boring then. A two, maybe?
