Hope you all enjoyed it.
, she said recently. It’s been too long to just be situational. I usually just nod and shrug and take the pills she prescribes.
Sherlock just smiles smugly and holds out the phone. “As you wish. I have no more use for it anyway.”
At 7.16, John only just manages to open the door, before Sherlock tumbles in and swoops him up in a heated kiss. John pulls his blazer off and grabs hold of his shirt, blindly steering him upstairs towards the bedroom, only bumping into something three times, and without falling down the stairs in the process, which he quietly considers a great personal success.
“Yes. I like to have all the facts before making major life decisions.”
“It’s not too late for that,” Sherlock smiles mysteriously. “Will you get me my jacket, please?” He lets go of John and points to a nearby chair, over which his black blazer is draped.
I pretty much have the rest of this story written out by now, so the last few chapters will be coming over the next couple of days. :)
insane, but that is how I feel. That is how I have always felt.”
“I shouldn’t have said anything,” John says after a long pause. “Forget I said anything about it. It’s completely ridiculous. It’s probably just a stupid crush. Either way, it’s pointless. I’m a single father in my 40s - I should be looking for a sensible woman who would make a good stepmother. And I have been seeing a few of those, but I just felt… nothing. They were all perfectly nice. But of course, instead I end up falling for my best friend, who may or may not be completely insane and probably isn’t the least bit interested.”
So this is a little proposal story.
the texts. John doesn’t bring it up, so neither does Sherlock. He needs to make absolutely sure he’s not misinterpreting anything - he senses that there’s a lot on the line. Additionally, Sherlock really hadn’t expected his experiment to take off the way it has. He really just wanted to figure out if John really had feelings for him, but now it’s slowly but steadily heading towards a point where actually addressing those feelings might be inevitable.
And that’s another thing. When people ask me about Sherlock, I never tell them what they want to hear - what they expect. I tell them the truth. Or at least, I tell them
John just groans again.
I don’t tell them how much I miss
Bated breath.
Arguments in favour of dating John Watson:
John sighs and fidgets - for the hundredth time that day - with the small, square box in his pocket, silently begging that this particular evening won’t end up like so many before: deciding to have a date night, getting Molly or Harry to pick up Rosie, making reservations - only for everything to be called off last minute because of some breakthrough on a case that simply can’t wait. John doesn’t normally mind that much - he knows how engulfed in his work Sherlock can get, and honestly, he never grows tired of helping him crack a particularly tricky case. But tonight… tonight is different.
“Sherlock, I want you to know that…”
John accidentally mentions the texting.
something, and to perhaps try to wring it out of him later, if it manages to retain his interest. Lestrade just shrugs and begins initiating Sherlock into the case at hand (mummified remains of at least three different humans (so far; they have already found three distinctly different feet) scattered over an area covering at least Parliament Hill and the east Heath, discovered by early-morning joggers and dog walkers), and Sherlock listens semi-attentively (it is rarely necessary to divert the entirety of his attention to any one person – Lestrade is by no means an exception).
John has been in the shower too – the tiles on the wall are still covered in little pearls of moisture. Sherlock allows himself to imagine him in here for a moment, the hot jet of water cascading over his naked body and- oh God, he hopes John gets back soon.
He feels a pleasantly surprised smile spread across his face. This is progressing much more successfully than expected. John is surprisingly chatty over text - Sherlock hardly has to put in an effort. Should he push further or wait? He decides to try:
He rubs his hands over his face and shoots a quick glance to his side, smiling as he sees John, curled up on his side and sleeping soundly. Sherlock feels - for about the thousandth time in the span of just a few days - his chest burst with joy. He’s not sure he'll ever get used to this; he isn’t sure he wants to get used to it. The last few days have been absolutely marvellous. John and Rosie have basically moved into 221B. He never thought this level of domesticity and normalcy would attract him, but... it just feels so
Writes instead:
to kiss John. In his (admittedly limited) experience, sure, kissing is enjoyable enough - even he isn’t immune to the cocktail of dopamine, oxytocin and serotonin flooding the pleasure centres of the brain during a particularly nice kiss - but it has never been something he has felt inclined to actively pursue; it’s all a bit too messy and tends to lead to a lack of control that he isn’t entirely comfortable with. But it’s different with John. Everything is different with John. He continues to change all the rules of Sherlock’s carefully structured universe; a chaotic force that brings everything he thinks he knows into question, like a very endearing, jumper-wearing hurricane tearing through the landscape of his brain.
“You should have told me,” I say. “You could have. Why didn’t you trust me? Did you really think I couldn’t keep it a secret?”
Sherlock. What did he do at school, in uni, in Afghanistan without a gangly, curly-haired genius by his side, to fill his life with excitement, weirdness and mortal danger? Somehow, now, his entire life before Sherlock seems to just have had the purpose of leading up to the moment he stepped into the lab at Bart’s and met him for the first time.
He goes to his bedroom to dress and pack a change of clothes in a small overnight bag.
Rosie is throwing a hissy fit. Crying, screaming, squirming; throwing her entire upper body over the side of the pushchair, almost knocking it out of the hands of her exasperated father, who, for his life, could not tell you the reason for her tantrum. He is acutely aware that people - especially composed-looking mothers with well-behaved children in pushchairs and prams of their own - are sending him disapproving looks, but there isn’t much he can do except hurrying to get home.
him. I tell him. He frowns. Then he gets up and kisses me for the second time ever (but this time decidedly
“Alright, mate. Spill it!” Greg demands.
engage in casual texting?”
“Maybe, but I don’t really care.”
“Clearly not.” Greg smiles and so do John and Sherlock. “I'm glad to see it all worked out in the end.”
John is in a t-shirt and boxer briefs, bleary-eyed, hair tousled in just the right way. Of all the versions of John that Sherlock has come to know over the years, he thinks that morning-John might just be one of his favourites (along with no-nonsense, gun-toting case-John, of course. And maybe also sexy looking-at-Sherlock-with-bedroom-eyes-John). Morning-John is sort of blurred around the edges and effortlessly enticing.
I swallow; breathe out. And then I reach up and kiss him. The room is spinning around us, I can hear nothing but a strange ringing in my ears. His hand, which is still resting tentatively in mine, shifts around, tangling our fingers together and grabbing on tightly. His other hand is on the back of my head, fingers weaved through my damp hair. Mine is on his chest, not pushing him back this time but clutching the front of his shirt and pulling him even closer. The whole thing is spectacular.
They have a tea party and eat biscuits and pastries for dinner.
John rushes up the front steps and opens the door, only to immediately come to a halt as he almost bumps into Sherlock, fully dressed and with his bag in one hand, the other hand outstretched, just missing the doorknob it had been reaching for.
. He’s never felt happy like this before.
I order two coffees to go – black for me, two sugars for Sherlock – and look out the window while I wait, in case Sherlock turns up. The snow is still falling thickly , and the sky is quickly darkening, even though it’s only late afternoon.
“No!”
This is cocaine blazing through his veins; it’s triple homicide with the door locked from the inside; it’s running through the darkened streets of London in hot pursuit; it’s firing a gun.
truth; what I know to be the truth. This truth does not correlate with the “official” story - what they’ve read in the papers or online. “Suicide of Fake Genius”, the headlines said when he died. That’s what people
“Yes! Yeah, absolutely.” He strokes her hair.
Sherlock smiles at the entire concept that is John; a concept which has been vastly expanded in his mind over the past twelve hours. The memory of John sleeping with him (both in the literal and the - eh - biblical sense); the thought of John waking up next to him, John kissing him (he suddenly seems to remember a soft kiss behind his ear at some point, which didn’t quite wake him up); John sneaking out, careful not to stir him; John apparently missing him only moments after leaving. John continues to be perfect in every sense of the word. And Sherlock misses him too, already, even though he knows it is utterly irrational.
“She’s three,” John offers.
“So it would seem,” Sherlock yawns and tries to flatten his hair a little, just now realising it must look pretty mad.
“Good.”
“Right…” I trail off for a moment, then decide to just get it over with. “You kissed me. Why?”
“John,” he says and takes a step closer, as if to assure me, he is really there. “It’s good to see you.” He smiles. That annoyingly mischievous smile that tells me he is really pleased with himself. In that moment I am torn between the impulses to hug him fiercely or to punch that smug smile right off his face. As the former would be more than he deserves right now, and the latter would most likely get me banished from the tube station, I settle on neither.
He then says something that takes me by surprise: “John, no one has ever cared about me like that. I didn’t understand that. I suppose I thought, in time, you would just forget about me and move on.”
On his way to the vending machine, he stops by the men's room where he locks himself in a cubicle and immediately lets himself fall back against the door with an exasperated sigh. He is entirely too old to be this in love – it’s exhausting having to keep all those emotions in check all the time. He feels like a bloody teenager, and he doesn’t like it one bit. And to top it all off, he also feels like a complete idiot about the whole thing.
“Ah,” John says after reading for a little while. “Now I understand all those weird messages I’ve been getting from Harry lately. Very meddlesome, aren’t they?”
, Greg!” Sherlock repeats, as they enter a room to the left. Once inside, Sherlock corners Lestrade and tries to loom over him in a manner, that he hopes is intimidating.
It’s like that with all the people in my life. I have so successfully closed myself off that it never works out. In time, people stop trying to get me to open up, and they’ll leave me alone because they can’t seem to get close to me. They get tired of trying and they leave me behind. I simply don’t let people come too close. I can’t. It’s like I’ve lost that ability, maybe because I’m afraid that they’ll see how messed up I really am on the inside.
When he has written a prescription for some asthma medication for the toddler, he quickly checks his phone again:
“Well, neither am I, if that’s any consolation.”
“Thank you,” I finally manage. He looks up, a puzzled expression on his face. “I wish… I wish you would have told me sooner.”
Several things happen: Something akin to an electrical current runs through Sherlock, making him momentarily tremble. After a second, Sherlock comes to and starts kissing him back, placing a hand on each side of John’s face and softly pushing him backwards, pinning him against the door. There are lips and tongues and teeth and gasps, and it’s a bit clumsy but also pretty damn amazing. It is everything that John has ever wanted, and yet not at all enough. He knows that this kiss will be etched into his memory for the rest of his life. He also knows that if he doesn’t break it off now, he isn’t going to be able to leave.
Sherlock rushes down the hall, through the kitchen and into the sitting room to open the door.
He seems a bit taken aback by the bluntness of the question. It takes him a while to form an answer. “I- it was… a mistake. I’m sorry.”
. Alright, that’s one. He adds a couple more obvious ones:
like you back? Would you… you know, want to do anything about it?”
“No,” Sherlock mutters. “No, you weren’t. You aren’t. I just didn’t realise…”
“Okay, okay.” He takes a deep breath, bracing himself for what he’s about to say. “I… love you, John. I always have, I think.”
Jeanette admits defeat and turns back to John. “She really is adorable. You’re doing well, I take it? Married?”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade lowers his voice as a pair of constables walk by, and he sounds quite serious. “Mate, you need to be a bit nicer to John, alright? He’s… well, you’re lucky to have him, you know.”
I pour the dirty water into the sink and carefully throw out the broken glass, while he makes the tea.
a relief to have the proposal out of the way). He puts down Sherlock’s ring box, and then kisses him again, pulling him even closer than the first time and sliding his tongue deeper into Sherlock’s mouth. Mid-kiss, he grabs Sherlock by the waistband and pulls him towards the sofa. Once there, he lets himself tumble down and drags Sherlock on top of him.
“Oh, come off it. You just sort of… go together, don’t you? I mean, I get it, he’s a good-looking bloke, and all… A bit mad, though…”
Sherlock grabs his blazer and is off, already so wrapped up in deductions and possible outcomes that he doesn’t notice John isn’t there at all.
“Well, aren’t you a big girl?”
. Elderly woman. Ulcer.
“I’ll go get her,” John says. When he returns downstairs with a pyjama-clad toddler in his arms, Sherlock has successfully unlocked the phone and is gleefully scrolling though a string of texts in the messenger app.
“John! Turns out it isn’t murder at all. The body parts don’t belong to murder victims, at least not ones recent enough for it to matter. They’re mummies, John! Egyptian, I believe, but I’ll have to stop by the lab to be sure. How the entirety of Scotland Yard was unable to spot the difference between recently mummified remains and those of a 3000-year-old mummy is beyond me - apparently their idiocy has reached a new low. No museums in the area have reported any missing mummies - I have obviously checked already - so they must have been imported, I assume illegally, and somehow ended up here. Something went wrong and whoever the culprits are desperately needed to get rid of them, so broke them into pieces and scattered them.”
Sherlock pulls back a bit, looking both sceptical and curious. “What plans?”
Once inside the comforting warmth of the coffee shop, I quickly shake my coat and run a hand through my hair to get rid of the bulk of the snowflakes that have landed on me, before they have time to melt.
He has been meaning to ask Sherlock about the texts, he really has, but he’s afraid to, in case it makes him self-conscious, and he stops doing it. Sherlock certainly doesn’t bring it up. So, John doesn’t question it; doesn’t bring it up either - keeps putting it off. There is also the possibility that Sherlock is doing some sort of experiment or trying to throw him off. If that is the case, he won’t give him the pleasure of having succeeded. So, he allows the texting to exist in its own little bubble, which doesn’t cross over into their real lives. At least for now. After a little while, that just becomes normal, and he stops even thinking about it.
John goes back to work and spends the next couple of hours more than a little distracted, as his brain keeps offering up ways in which Sherlock might want him to reciprocate, and frankly, it’s positively dizzying.
John knows him too well. He probably should eat. Sherlock can normally sustain himself on coffee and nicotine patches for days on end, but he supposes something a bit more substantial might not be a bad idea, considering where this evening seems to be headed. Anyway, it’s something to do.
In a few quick, long strides I cover the distance between us. I hand him his coffee, and with my now free hand, I reach up, curling my gloved fingers around the nape of his neck, and kiss him. We don’t usually kiss in public - not because we’re embarrassed, we’re just both rather private people, and we’re acutely aware that despite the interest that certain tabloids have taken in everything we do, we have managed to keep our relationship out of the public eye so far - but I just can’t help it. It’s not a particularly long or passionate kiss, just the light pressure of my lips against his, his mouth feeling warm and soft and comfortable. As I draw back a bit, he lets out a small sigh, visible in the frozen January air.
“John…”
Then, after a moment’s consideration, a second text:
Glare.
I’ve just finished rolling down the last of the blinds in the sitting room when my knees lose their bearing and I collapse on the floor. I allow myself to cry. I allow myself to pound my fists into the carpet in anger and to swear loudly and to curse Sherlock Holmes and the day I met him.
just do that. There is no way he can be that clueless.
“Oh, uh, actually, I’m not exactly… I mean…” How do you relay to your ex-girlfriend - who is almost certainly chatting you up by the way - that you are in a committed same-sex relationship with your insane flatmate, who was part of the reason said ex-girlfriend broke up with you in the first place? John has absolutely no idea. Usually, when he bumps into an ex, they either already know (his and Sherlock’s relationship is not exactly a well-kept secret; Jeanette must not read the tabloids, which: good for her), or he’s made sure to squirm out of the conversation before the topic came up. He doesn’t have to think about it, though, because Rosie chooses this moment to finally say something, and it’s:
“Yeah. Like he can’t read you, because he likes you, you know. Or maybe he likes you, because he can’t read you?”
He puts the phone away and looks first towards the park on the other side of the street, then slightly up, as if he’s taking a moment to appreciate the magic of the snowfall, and so, he doesn’t notice me right away.
“Well, if it’s any consolation, I’m pretty sure he likes you back.”
look means, but it involves an almost indistinguishable crease forming between blue eyes - or are they green? - that seem to almost pulsate with intensity, and it always makes me feel like I’m being nailed to the spot and X-rayed. “Woops, sorry,” he mutters, and takes a step back, still not taking those impossibly luminescent eyes off me. “Yeah, no, it’s- uh… fine,” I stutter. I feel uneasy, unsure what is going on; I feel a spark of something undefinable light within me. Once again, the moment seems like it won’t end, and this time there is no potential chemical hazard to distract us. None of us seem to be able to turn our eyes away.
Oh, and I tried to do a thing with the format of the text messages. If it looks horrible on your particular device, feel free to let me know as well!
Sherlock is both excited and a little worried about the success of his texting experiment. He doesn't really know where to go from here. Greg tries to help (despite the girls telling him not to).
Pros of dating Sherlock Holmes:
He frowns and keeps his eyes downcast. “I thought you never wanted to see me again.”
“Well, you are… to me. Don’t you understand? There is hardly a single thing I could reasonably put on that list, because none of your flaws bother me all that much. Everything about you is perfect to me, even your flaws. Maybe that
John doesn’t answer right away. It’s one of those breaks that Sherlock has come to know means that either John has had to put his phone away, or he is carefully considering what to write. Then:
Sherlock doesn’t look up from the dining table, next to which he is crouching to inspect it at eye-level. “John, I assume,” he replies flatly.
“Since you told me to be nicer to John.”
John’s forehead makes contact with the bar once more. “I don’t know,” he moans.
The following day, the front pages of all the country’s tabloids feature a large photograph of us, mid-kiss, coffee in hand, snow cascading down around us like a translucent curtain. I thought something like that would bother me, but weirdly - while I’m a little annoyed and embarrassed by the attention - it doesn’t seem like that big of a deal. It’s actually a nice picture, and it was a nice kiss, so I can’t bring myself to regret it. Sherlock even seems to be rather pleased with the whole situation. We end up cutting out the front page of
John hears Greg say goodbye to Sherlock and leave. Then, a few minutes later, a single message ticks into the group chat with a low
Edit: Just made a small adjustment to this chapter, just to clarify it a bit. :)
When the coffee is ready, I go back outside and look both ways. And there he is, standing a little way down the sidewalk, typing something on his phone with knitted brows.
They don’t talk - in real life - in the same way they text. But there is a bit of a change, nonetheless. There are more lingering eye contacts, more subtle blushing and biting of lips. And they start, occasionally, to broaden the variety of subjects they talk about in real life; conversations become a bit more personal. Sherlock has never felt inclined to share mundane or potentially embarrassing details of his past with anyone, and he never had any interest in hearing others talk about them. But this is another rule in Sherlock’s universe that John has just effortlessly strolled in and changed. John has become a mystery that Sherlock longs to solve, and to his delight, he begins to learn the most interesting details about John that he never thought he could or wanted to get out of him.
John plans to propose to Sherlock. Of course, that isn't as easy as it sounds.
you know my name, huh?” Lestrade - unfortunately - doesn’t seem intimidated in the slightest. Time to change tactics. Sherlock takes a step back towards the door.
“Yes. Yes, it absolutely is. If you’ve got cold feet - if you don’t want… this, or if maybe I’ve completely misinterpreted everything. That’s alright. I’ll respect that. But I think I deserve to know why you suddenly can’t get away fast enough the morning after sleeping with me.”
Rosie just continues to glare.
The sight distracts me; I am distracted. And I ponder - not for the first time - how strange it is that I have become so attracted to him; I’m still not completely used to the notion of having a boyfriend. It really is strange, but - when he looks like he does in this moment - also oddly self-explanatory. He looks other-worldly; aethereal. Even if I wanted to look away, that would be impossible.
He groans and rests his forehead on Greg’s desk – he seems to find himself in this particular position a lot lately.
When John gets inside, Rosie and Sherlock are giggling at the kitchen table, which is covered in way too many sugary snacks. John would protest, but he supposes they deserve it after that performance. So instead of scolding them, he just smiles and bends down to hug Sherlock from behind, nuzzling his head against his shoulder.
“Really?” Jeanette can’t quite hide her amusement. If John is being honest, he too has a hard time believing that Sherlock remembers her. Sherlock, however, surprises - as he tends to do:
After a few days, Sherlock is forced to acknowledge that his examination of John’s emotional state has been inconclusive at best. He doesn’t understand. He’s never had any trouble reading the kind of physical responses which indicate infatuation or physical attraction. But with John, it seems like he can never be sure. Of course, he can’t just go ahead and feel his pulse at random - John knows his methods and is not a complete idiot, so he would notice. When, in the past he has had a chance to take John’s pulse, there have usually been at least one or two other reasons for it to be elevated - usually having just survived some life-threatening ordeal - making it impossible to come to any valid conclusions.
Well, at least they can agree on that.
“Fuck you, Sherlock, you complete arsehole,” I finally say, willing my voice to be calm and steady despite the fact that I’m trembling. My hands are balled up tightly - I can feel my fingernails cut into my palms.
Sherlock congratulates himself on his subtle attempt at being complimentary. It takes a while for the reply to come. Sherlock thinks John must have been interrupted by a patient, but then:
Sherlock turns his head to look, just as John emerges from the kitchen, as if he had somehow heard his name being mentioned (but he couldn’t have – they hadn’t been speaking very loudly) – or as if, somewhere, some force of comedic timing had stirred him to turn up just at the right moment.
“Oh, to hell with it,” John says quietly but determinedly. He takes two steps towards Sherlock, and without allowing himself any time to have second thoughts, puts a hand on Sherlock’s neck and kisses him.
I don’t say anything. I just stare. And if I’d been a bit more myself at that moment, I would probably have noticed that quite a few other people are staring too.
He looks at the list for a moment, pensively chewing on the end of the pen. Then he changes his mind and strikes out
How long since
He isn’t drunk, just a little tipsy, but that’s apparently enough to actually make him consider baring his deepest, darkest secret to Greg Lestrade.
Sherlock is awoken by a loud rapping on the door. “Sherlock?” a familiar voice calls. Lestrade. He and John have been ignoring his texts - as well as anyone else’s - for days, so he should probably answer the door. Besides, it could be about a case, although he doubts it.
He moves closer again, holds up his own list for Sherlock to see, crumples it up in his hand and throws it away without looking at it again. Then he grabs hold of Sherlock’s face and kisses him very softly.
I scroll through all his texts again. I finally crack and text him back:
; so preoccupied with love and sex. So motivated, so infinitely driven by
tried observing him without much luck. Flirting over text message will provide him with written replies that he can analyse at his leisure, without contamination from any other outputs. Clean, analysable data. Presumably. It’s worth a try.
s, Lestrade can no longer contain his curiosity.
“Wonderful news, isn’t it?” a voice says behind me. I swivel. And I see a ghost. Except he isn’t a ghost.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Of course, he likes me, I’m his best friend.”
“Sherlock!” John removes his arm to softly elbow Sherlock’s ribs, then puts it back around him. “Would you like to come in for a cup of coffee, Greg?”
Young woman. Birth control.
, framing it, and hanging it on the wall in our sitting room as a kind of act of defiance; it feels like reclaiming it. It feels like us.
“Sherlock,” he says again, moving towards him and placing a hand on his shoulder. “Are you ready?”
Greg just shrugs. “Whatever you say. You definitely know him better than I do. But have you considered that
“John?” Sherlock mutters against his lips. “We’ll miss our reservations.”
A flutter of relief and excitement rushes through John as he hurries to Rosie’s room to pick her up and get her ready to leave.
“How awful. It must be so hard, raising her by yourself?”
“Oh, so
Sherlock counts the seconds until 7.30. It’s a bad idea, but he can’t help it.
Middle-aged man. High blood pressure.
As this is supposed to be a romcom, of course there is group of exasperated friends, who decide to interfere! ;)
“Okay.” He rubs his hands over his face. “I just… have a bit of a problem, I guess.”
“Why are you suddenly so concerned?” he asks, making sure to keep his voice steady. The mental note from earlier forces itself to the forefront of his brain, and he answers his own question. “You
Sherlock looks pretty in the snow.
John looks up at him, confusion painted across his face. “What?”
“No! John, stop.” Now it’s Sherlock who grabs John’s shoulders and finally looks him in the eyes. “Don’t you see, you have it the wrong way around? I could never be good enough for
“Oh. That’s… nice, I guess. So you
I look up at him and realise that he’s panicking too. His eyes are now darting across my face, his expression confused and horrified. “Oh no,” he murmurs and swallows hard. We look at each other for another second, and then, before I can even begin to figure out what to say or do next, he turns on his heel and bolts out of the kitchen.
“Oh,” John says again. “What? A case? Do you want me to come with you?”
He flops onto the sofa, folds his hands under his chin and enters his mind palace, just to have something to do, but it, too, seems to be malfunctioning. Behind every door he opens, there is John. John, John, John. Somehow, the sight of him is both blinding and deafening. Sherlock is consumed; devoured by emotions. And he simultaneously despises it and cannot get enough.
“Nope.”
John spends about five minutes trying NOT to stare at Sherlock, who is bent in deep concentration over a very fancy-looking microscope, before deciding that this won’t do.
John. That over the years he has gone from hesitantly accommodating John into his routines, his Work, his way of life – previously mostly solitary, and voluntarily so – to feeling like there is a giant, John-shaped hole in his life when he is not there (
Sherlock stops short and frowns in confusion. “Eh, he’s right…” He stops talking as he turns to discover that there is indeed no short and easily-impressed sidekick in sight. Just then, he realises that John wasn’t in the taxi with him either. “Oh.”
I feel like it could be a part of something bigger, but it doesn't really fit into anything that I'm currently working on. But I kinda like it, so I decided to post it here - maybe it will evolve into something bigger some day.
“Oh. Oh, God, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to…”
John snaps his head around and stares incredulously at Greg. “Oh, fuck off! How? How could you possibly know?”
Sherlock considers his suggestion for a moment. “That actually isn’t a completely horrible idea.”
However, there’s also a hint of something else, something hiding just beneath the surface. Sherlock can’t help thinking that this evening feels a little like - dare he think it? - like a date? Not that Sherlock has an awful lot of experience with dating, but he at least imagines this is what a date should be like. Well, alright, he supposes that most people wouldn’t find it appropriate to spend a date looking through cold cases of brutal unsolved murders – but most people are so sensitive.
Short break. Check phone.
John runs into his ex girlfriend, Jeanette. Sherlock comes to his rescure (in a sort of unexpected way).
They smile at each other, both suddenly brimming over with anticipation. They share another quick, clumsy kiss and then John rushes out the door to hail a cab.
A bit of ParentLock.
He'd never dream of admitting that really, every second that John isn’t there, he misses him terribly, and the only reason he didn’t text him immediately was concern about waking him up, because he knows Rosie doesn’t always sleep well, and therefore John desperately needs the extra hours of uninterrupted sleep he is able to get when Rosie is away. Lestrade thinks it is simply a question of practicality – why would he text someone whom he knows to be sleeping? It probably wouldn't wake him anyway. But it might. He couldn’t risk it. He would also never admit that his heart skips a beat (
“No. I could never… Just… Please let me explain everything. If you’d just get away from there?”
I wrench myself back to reality and look around. Where
Rosie is based on my 3-year-old, so should be fairly accurate. ;)
He has always scoffed at
“You…” Sherlock breathes.
“There’s Dad!”
Knowing him, that does seem somewhat likely, especially if he’s upset. And then there’s the state of our relationship to consider. Can our friendship recover from this? I’d argue that we have certainly been through worse. But I have no idea how upset he is. No idea how much the kiss meant. Do I want it to have meant something? I sigh again - this is really not how I was planning to spend my evening.
“Is that strictly necessary?” Sherlock drawls. John punches him lightly on the arm and bends down to take Rosie from him. To his surprise, Sherlock grabs hold of the front of his t-shirt and kisses him briefly on the mouth before handing over the toddler.
The infant's fists flailed as she fussed, a high, almost scream coming from her. She never cried that loud. He cradled her, feeling her forehead. "John... she's warm," he said.
“Yeah, yeah of course,” Mike said, giving a smile to John and leaving the lab rather quickly, as if he were compelled to do so. Which John of course didn’t know that he had been. John turned to look at the other then.
John nodded, continuing to slowly rub Sherlock's back. "Vivid dreams are quite common," he agreed. "Do you... do you want to talk about it?" he asked quietly, setting his palm on Sherlock's cheek.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed, trying to sort out what he had said.
Sighing heavily, John turned into the kitchen, setting his mug in the sink, and then made his way into the bedroom. He took the list from his pocket, placing it inside the drawer of his nightstand. He stripped quickly, changing into pyjamas. It felt strange, going to bed in pyjamas again after months of sleeping in fatigues.
He left, making his arrangements, which took all night. Finally, at seven forty in the morning, he stood on the roof of Bart’s. Waiting.
"And seeing as you are so tired, and no doubt wound up from your long day, then I propose you do the, ah... touching thing... again," Sherlock said stiffly, rubbing his neck a little. "Obviously because, erm, you like it...that is," he said.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed a little, shifting slightly with a wince, the partial boot print on his side making itself more known. He felt something press against his wrist and moved both of his arms in front of himself, curling up on his uninjured side, protecting the bruised and somewhat scabbed and bleeding wrists.
"I don't want to be alone if I have to have it but at the same time, though, it's mostly what I'll want at the time. I don't want..." Sherlock trailed off. "There's not many Alpha's that could help themselves around that," he said quietly.
"You don't smell like you anymore. What's with that?" John asked, glancing up at Sherlock when he leant back, absently rubbing his leg.
Katherine pulled on a pair of Doctor Who pyjamas that Gran had got for her, despite asking if she was sure she didn't want princess ones. The Doctor Who ones were in the boy section, but she didn't care. She quickly ran over to her bed and dove in before saying "Come in!" She poked her head up from her covers, grinning over at John.
"You should go eat," John said, kissing Sherlock again. "One meal a day, remember?"
Katherine was watching Hamish bounced on John’s stomach, a squeal coming from him. “Hamish is funny,” she said, letting out a breath. “When’s he stop being a baby?” she asked, looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed, snaking his arms carefully around John, minding his injuries. He nodded a little, pressing a small kiss by John's ear. "I know..." he said, pulling away a minute later. He smiled softly, pushing away the thoughts of
"Why don't you sleep, love?" John whispered, reaching up with his free hand to stroke through Sherlock's errant curls. "You need it, having been dealing with Mycroft's emotions all night." He smiled, knowing that Kat would easily sleep for another hour, and Hamish probably another thirty minutes before he would demand a diaper change, after which he would crash again.
Sherlock flinched, the wall he'd built the last two years of standing up for himself crumbling as John growled at him. He laid back, feeling horrifically small and nodding a little like a chastised child. He deserved worse. He deserved John throwing him out, telling him never to come back. It felt like he'd been stabbed again when John called Katherine his daughter, instead of theirs. He laid back, listening to John storm away, blinking a few times at the kiss that was burning on his forehead.
She huffed, pulling on some gloves. "Well, they came and got me, told me that you were out of bed after only being out of surgery for, like, forty minutes. So I figured you could have popped some stitches, and now I'm almost positive that you did. So lie down, please, and then you two can go back to cuddling."
"Time," Sherlock breathed, sitting bolt upright, the room temperature air feeling cool on his somewhat damp skin. He shook his head a little, and then scrambled over John and off the bed, digging in the bedside drawer, needing to find it.
"They’re for your daddy," John replied, hesitating a little on the last word but deciding to just say it. "I'll help him eat when he wakes up later," he said, twisting some noodles around his fork and setting them in his mouth.
He quickly disappeared from the room to fill the stockings – mostly with candy, because what else is Christmas for if not over-indulging? When they were hung, he returned to bed, crawling in beside Sherlock.
John smacked him lightly in the shoulder, taking the phone from him and stuffing it between his back and the mattress. "Then he can piss off," he murmured.
John's stomach twisted with worry. He
Sherlock swallowed, deciding not to think about it. "I am. Okay that is. And so are you – be a bit sore for a few days, but you'll be fine," he said quietly.
"Papa!" Katherine laughed, slapping the side of his head as he blew on her stomach again, rolling over and holding her above his head.
Sherlock shook his head in answer to the question, his brow furrowed a bit as he was led over to John's chair. He settled onto John's lap when he was tugged forward and curled up there quite like a cat, nuzzling his head on John's shoulder before steepling his fingers under his chin. This was quite more comfortable than his regular thinking pose, that was for certain.
Hamish wriggled a little in the unfamiliar arms for a moment before settling. He was wide awake now and looked up at John with wide eyes that were the standard baby blue, but looked as if they might brighten to mirror Sherlock's. The infant's finger closed around John's finger and he cooed audibly. Sherlock smiled, tears threatening.
"You wouldn't drop him." Sherlock said, holding Hamish close to his chest with one arm. He lifted up his red scarf and draped it around John's neck gently. "There." he said, sitting on a chair after pulling it flush to John's bed. He wanted to climb into the bed with him, but he didn't know if he'd hurt anything. Reaching into a bag he had he pulled out a bottle that had been wrapped in a flannel. Still warm, that was good. He swirled it around to stir it up again without adding air bubbles and started to feed the infant, who's fist was shoved in his mouth as he sucked on it, indicating he was hungry. It was the quiet indication...the loud one...well John would be introduced to that later.
. He drifted off then, a small smile on his face.
He followed the scent, up a flight of stairs, opening what had to be an office to one of the head auctioneers. Inside was a man, arms chained up above his head, blindfolded. There were a few bites on him, his neck, his chest, and one on the exposed skin of his underarm. The human’s head lifted when he entered, and even with the blindfold over his eyes Sherlock could tell that he was glaring in the direction of the door.
John smiled a little at that, relaxing and combing his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Well, it would only be fair, seeing as Katty takes after you so much," he teased, kissing Sherlock's cheek. "I've got some better cold medicine with me in my bag. They're pills and they're stronger. Probably work better."
John let out a breath, eternally grateful that Harry wasn't crying. He walked over to the couch and sat down, leaning back against the cushions. "Where's Clara?" he asked, smiling a little at Kat, who was still hugging Harry.
Sherlock smiled, though it fell the moment Katherine was given to him. "John?" he asked, watching him get up and move into the bathroom. "Are you okay?" he called, sitting up and cradling their daughter to his chest.
"We'll get married after. It's only nine months, love. I'm sure we can wait." John smiled, leaning over against Sherlock, resting his head on his shoulder and hooking their arms together. "And don't give me those sad puppy eyes that are saying that you can't dance, because that's ridiculous. You are
Mrs Hudson nodded, stepping aside for John and closing the door after he came in. "I'll bring up some nice soup and some nibbles for you boys in a little bit," she whispered, disappearing back into her flat.
John set his empty plate on the table beside his chair, pushing to his feet and walking over to the couch, sinking down beside Sherlock. He reached up, carding his fingers through his still slightly mussed hair until it slid through his fingers like silk.
John noticed the change in Sherlock's temperature, not surprisingly more in tune with him now. "Shh, love," he murmured, unwrapping Sherlock from the sheet so that he wouldn't be so warm. "Rest a little longer," he whispered in his ear, stroking his fingers soothingly down his back.
John let out a long breath, walking over to run his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "It's alright, it's fine. Really, it is. We'll be alright. There isn't a guarantee that you'll get pregnant, and even if you do, well... then I guess you do. I wouldn't mind having another," he said quietly, kissing Sherlock's forehead. "One that we'd actually both be here to raise, right?" he offered with a small smile.
John tipped his head forward, resting it against Sherlock's shoulder. He set his hands on Sherlock's hips, pulling him closer. "I'm worried about you, love. I just want you to have someone to talk to, because you're not talking to me." He nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, taking a deep breath. "And she wouldn't blame you, she knows
Sherlock was quivering slightly, a thin layer of sweat covering him. He watched John get up and strip, seeing his own swollen member. He blinked a few times, wriggling a bit on the bed. "Christ I... please, just, get your arse over here, John, I swear to god I..." he groaned a little, a whine tearing out of him as something akin to a pout formed on his lips.
He hadn't even really been asleep that long, perhaps an hour and a half before he started to feel it again, the ache. He blinked his eyes open, realising he was sweating more again, and he shifted uncomfortably. He whined a little, rolling over and nipping gently at John's chest and neck to wake him up.
"Because," John whispered, "I either stopped by after work or you were busy. They weren't a big deal anyway, hardly knew most of them; I just wanted to show that someone cared, even if I wasn't signing the cards. This is... different. Stephen was my second, my best friend out there. He was practically my brother."
Katherine sniffled once, arms almost startlingly tight around his neck. He rubbed her back gently and felt her head shift. Katherine looked over and pried her arms off of Sherlock only to scoot over onto John's lap, wrapping all four of her limbs around his neck and waist, hiding her face in his neck. Sherlock furrowed his brows a little, god, had Katherine seen it all? He held onto Hamish with both hands, looking concernedly at John.
...he reminded himself. That and the last heat he'd had he'd been locked up in a hospital right after having his children taken away from him. He swallowed, just the thought of that...made his heart speed up a little.
"I'll just slip off to the morgue if it's too much," Sherlock said. "Maybe there'll be another corpse for me to 'pick at,' as you said," he murmured with a small smile.
John made a small sound, sipping studiously from his mug. "Well, they're not going to ask questions like
“Who on Earth would want me as a flatmate?” he said, looking at Mike and seeing the other smile a little. “What?”
They'd picked a school, one that Katherine was absolutely smitten with, and Sherlock liked it as well. Good bathrooms too, from what he saw when he was sick once more. The days...god, the days. They just disappeared and he was sitting on the sofa, sorting through each moment in his mind palace when he felt the sofa move. He blinked his eyes a few times, not quite withdrawing all the way, only doing so enough to lean over and rest his head on John's shoulder. "I wish you could hide in here with me...I'd show you everything...every last detail that I've kept safe," he said quietly. "You know I made cupboard for the solar system? Just because you mentioned me not knowing about it."
“I’m losing my mind, Greg. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what I want to do.”
He hesitates. I think I see sadness flash through his eyes, but only for a second. “I- uhm… No. It didn’t mean anything.”
“Well… At the risk of sounding even more like a schoolgirl… I think I’m… in love.”
He puts a pin in that and stores it for further investigation in the ever-expanding John-area of his mind palace, because right now, he has the Met’s entire database at his disposal for a whole hour, and there are several things he wants to look up, missing mummies being just one of them.
John closes his eyes and sighs. “Christ, I’m such an idiot. I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock?” I lean forward and gently place my hand on his knee. His body gives an almost imperceptible jerk under my touch. “It’s… okay. Really. But I think… I need to know. If you… If you have feelings for me, I need to know.”
“Shit.” John collapses, forehead first, onto the bar in front of him and stays there. “Why do I like him so much, Greg?” he groans.
John still feels like he needs to make completely sure, which compels him to send off another string of panic texts:
Sherlock redirects his attention to the mummified, fingerless palm in front of him, carefully trying to remove a small sample of tissue, and about ten minutes later looks up to see John and Lestrade walk swiftly towards him.
“Like him back.”
Sherlock leaps to his feet, excited to finally have someone to lecture, who isn’t a complete idiot.
He smiles, eyes twinkling. Then pulls me in and holds me tight. “Really?” he mutters into my hair.
Still, he does manage to compose a somewhat useful list of his own based on a variety of sources:
I don’t look at my phone again until I’m on the tube on my way home. There are seven more messages, all from him. I really don’t want to read them, but I can’t help it.
Sherlock frowns even more. Is Lestrade seriously trying to have a heart-to-heart with him right now? This is most irregular.
. “She is.”
“I-uhm… nothing. It’s nothing.” John bites his lip.
I frown at the words on the tiny screen. What on earth does he mean by that? Is he just trying to manipulate me into talking to him? Probably. I ignore him.
36,700,000 results. Perfect.
“Sorry about it, mate.” Greg tips his glass at John and empties it. “I think I’ll call it a night.”
“I’ll get us some coffee,” John says and stands up. Sherlock doesn’t react, but John is so eager to leave that he doesn’t even try to press him for an answer.
“Are you going to do something about it, then?”
“You should care.” Sherlock is back to looking stubbornly defiant, his eyes flashing forebodingly, and his mouth pressed together into a thin line.
. Just being around him, putting up with his annoying habits, listening as he played the violin, having tea and just talking. I don’t tell them how close we were. That I’m probably the only person he’s ever allowed to get that close. I don’t tell them that despite his flaws he was genuinely the best man I have ever known. I don’t tell them that in all probability, he saved my life; that I was pretty much at the end of my rope when I met him - a PTSD diagnosis, a psychosomatic limp, occasional suicidal thoughts - and
“Oh,” Greg considers this revelation for a while before finally asking: “And how’s that a problem? She married? Or does she have a tall, burly and very jealous boyfriend?”
“Someone’s got to make sure you don’t get into too much trouble, right?” John smiles. So does Sherlock.
Almost done with the next "real" chapter, so I'll have it up here soon-ish, I hope! Maybe later today...
have become a pretty integral part of that work at this point? Besides, he might have changed his mind - I mean, before he brought you along, if someone had told me Sherlock was going to get a best mate that would follow him around everywhere, I would have laughed in their face.”
When we finally pull apart, we’re both gasping for air. When I catch my breath, I look him right in the eye and I’m finally able to say what I never dared before: “I love you too.”
“And you…” John breathes back. They stare at each other for a moment, both panting and with glowing eyes.
“Sure. If you’d like to.”
I rush out the front door, but before I have time to even wonder where I’m even going, I almost bump directly into Sherlock on the front stairs. “Oh,” I gasp. “There you are.”
John also couldn’t have imagined that their first time would be clumsy or awkward. He never considered the fact that neither of them really knows what they’re doing. That for every “oh God, yes" there's an “ow! My arm!", or a “could you just move your knee?”. At one point they only just manage to keep themselves from rolling off the bed. It’s not that it’s bad – it’s actually just as fabulous as it’s hilarious. Afterwards, they fall back on the bed in fits of giggles because the whole thing is just so ridiculous and ungainly and amazing and improbable, all at the same time.
“Ah,” says Lestrade. “Well, make sure you do text him. When he wakes up.”
John looks at Sherlock, who looks both a little flustered - his lips slightly parted and a crease forming between his eyes - and slightly inquisitive.
. Definitely
“That’s my dad!” Rosie announces and points at Sherlock.
They say goodbye and Greg turns to leave, but then suddenly - apparently on a whim - Sherlock does something completely unexpected: He takes a step forward, out of John’s arm, and gives Greg a quick hug, muttering “Thank you, Greg.”
aggressive, bordering on vulgar, and that is really not to his taste (or John’s, he hopes).
Oh, and Harry is called Harriet here, because I just assumed she would have her given name on her facebook. Hope that makes sense!
John shakes his head and takes a step towards him. “But I don’t. What I care about is that I’ve obviously hurt your feelings, and I hate that.”
“This.” Sherlock shoves a piece of paper into John’s hand, and of course, he recognises it instantly.
When I reach the coffee shop, there's no sign of Sherlock, and it’s started snowing pretty heavily - snowflakes the size of 50p coins drizzling lazily down and forming a rapidly thickening white blanket on the sidewalk, sticking to my hair and the furry trim on the hood of my parka – so I decide to just head in and get us coffee; I know how he likes his anyway.
It was just supposed to be a tiny, little thing, but it sort of spiralled out of control and became more akin to a fully-fledged chapter. Enjoy!
“It isn’t?”
want to hear. They want me to tell them how he tricked me and took advantage of me. But I won’t give them that. No matter what anyone says, I refuse to believe that he lied to me. I refuse to believe that the time we spent together could have been one big lie. I cannot believe that, because I’ve seen too much evidence that he really
John turns his head slightly, still without lifting it, looking at Greg out of the corner of his eye. “What kind of list?”
Thus, the data is painfully insubstantial.
“That bad, huh?”
We look at each other. I rub my temples. “You know that I’m not very good at this kind of thing,” I say.
Then they both burst out laughing, and Sherlock pulls him in once again, bending down and giving him a long, soft kiss. It is one of those perfect Hollywood kisses, where you can almost imagine fireworks shooting out of your head and a saccharine love song playing loudly in the background.
Okay, this is a bit of a silly one - playing around with the format a bit. :) Again: If it looks completely mad on your device, please let me know.
To John’s great pleasure, Sherlock utters a mixture between a gasp and a moan and immediately pulls him even closer to kiss him again. “I like that second option. Let’s do that first!” Sherlock breathes against his lips. John is not about to protest.
John makes a sound somewhere between a groan and an incredulous laugh. “For heaven’s sake,” he sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose, and closing his eyes to compose himself. “You’re not supposed to- to call someone out like that! You know that, right? Even if you figure it out, you’re not supposed to- oh, you’re such a fucking show-off, aren’t you? You just can’t help yourself!”
I blink frantically to readjust my vision. Sherlock is looking down at his own hands, which are folded in his lap.
On his end, Sherlock always seems to be able to come up with some excuse for John to be there - to help him do something for an experiment; make inquiring phone calls; look through boring surveillance footage; run to the Yard for something; or even just have tea or force Sherlock to eat a bite of something and keep him company when he’s bored. John doesn’t mind any of it. Of course, there are also days when they have to rush out the door to chase down some criminal, or suddenly find themselves having guns or fists swung at them, and of course that is just as thrilling as always. But truthfully, John just wants to spend as much time with Sherlock as humanly possible. Is that an effective way of dealing with having a massive crush on your best friend? Definitely not. John doesn’t care.
“Hmm?” Sherlock doesn’t look up. Has he even been listening? Probably not.
“Yes. You dated John. You were the…
“Explain,” I say. And he does. I listen as calmly and carefully as I can. He did it to save my life. And Greg’s and Mrs Hudson’s. He had no choice. And I understand, although his explanation doesn’t leave me entirely satisfied.
His earnestness takes me by surprise, but I’m nowhere near ready to forgive him yet. “That’s what you did, then?” I shoot back. “You just… deleted me, like the solar system or the prime minister?”
I tell people that he was my best friend. That I worked on cases with him. That he was absolutely brilliant. That he
? Six minutes, 45, 46, 47, 48 seconds. The levels of aforementioned chemicals in his brain are already rapidly and disappointingly plummeting. He ponders - as so many times before - how very inconvenient it is to inhabit a human body with all these wants and needs and completely irrational responses. But he can’t help it.
“Oh, she’s lovely.” Jeanette bends down to Rosie’s eye-level. “How old are you Rosie?”
“Well, congratulations. I can tell that you’re really happy. It was nice to see you.”
He showers quickly, careful not to get his hair wet (he washed it last night after all, and he does
I place a hand on his chest and gently, but determinedly, push him away. “Please,” I hear myself whisper from somewhere far away. “Don’t…”
want to know how his pristine curls would react to John’s dodgy-looking, off-brand shampoo (
No reply.
“Relax,” I say with a hollow laugh. “If I was going to kill myself, I’d have done it a long time ago, I suppose.”
John continues to reply to his texts in a way Sherlock can only interpret as approving, and both the frequency of texts and the level of flirtation contained within them have been quickly and steadily increasing over the past few days.
“God,” he whispers, his voice trembling slightly. He hesitates for a moment. Then he does something unexpected: He takes a long step towards me, and before I can do anything, he pulls me into a very tight embrace, holding me so close that I can hardly move. My face is squashed sideways into his chest. I can faintly hear his heart beating fast, I can feel his chest move up and down with his breathing, and I can smell his scent which is overwhelmingly familiar; he smells like our Baker Street flat - slightly dusty and of wood and tea; he smells of expensive aftershave, of laundry detergent and faintly of cigarettes. I wonder if he started smoking again, or if he’s just been stress-smoking these past few days.
All of that went through his head in seconds, his mind registering the second person in the room and all of his rage and worry focusing on him. Instead of pouncing, he waited, waited until a bottle was produced and a pill taken out, the cabbie gripping Sherlock chin in his hand.
Sherlock watched John for a moment, standing up after a minute to cross the room. He gently nudged John's feet up, sliding in under his legs and letting them rest over his lap. He gently pried Katherine's mouth off him as she'd fallen asleep. He cradled her gently before setting her down between John's legs, rubbing one of John's thighs.
Sherlock listened quietly, tilting his head up to look at John as he spoke. "That's... interesting," he said quietly, trying to think of what any of that could mean. "Probably is nothing, just merging things that are on your mind," he said, pressing a small kiss to John's jaw. He let out a breath, looking at John's tea.
Sherlock hummed, his arm still wrapped over John. His brow furrowed a little, and he blinked his eyes open, looking at John. "Mhm... got hungry," he mumbled quietly, looking at the scar on John's left shoulder, nearly parallel to the one on Sherlock's right, though his was covered with his shirt. He let out a breath. "How..." he yawned. "How do you feel?" he asked.
John smiled down at the two of them. His two people. His. God, how he loved them both. "Really?" John asked, playing along, though it wasn't the first time he had heard it from her. "What do you remember?" He grinned when Sherlock caught his eye, and then he bent over to slip his shoes on, gesturing with a nod of his head that it was time for them to get going.
Sherlock sighed heavily when he heard the bell ring, and grumbled as he got up, paying the delivery person and taking the food upstairs to the kitchen, setting it all out on the table and grabbing a couple plates.
Sherlock took Hamish, waiting until he reached out
"I know," John sighed, leaning up to kiss Sherlock lightly. He nuzzled against Sherlock's palm, smiling slightly. "You're starting to smell like us again already," he murmured, nipping gently at the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
John's face split into a smile, and he set Kat off of his lap, walking quickly over to Sherlock and wrapping him up in a hug, picking him up off of the ground. He kissed him firmly, if a little sloppily, when he set him down. "You're going to be a daddy again," he whispered, cupping his cheek.
John knew it wouldn't help, but it would make him feel better. "I don't think anyone would mind if you have a little bit of alcohol in your hot chocolate," he muttered, but he was already deterred from the idea.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, to say that he'd hardly even got to speak to him yet, but he knew that the soldier's life was more important than their conversation. "I will...and I'll leave this on. Whenever I am home, whenever I'm awake my computer will be on, whenever you can...call. Please," he said. "I love you.=," he said, looking intently at John while he still could.
“Handful of months Katty,” John promised. “Once he’s a year old he should start talking some, and then it’ll just get better from there.” He smiled over at her, bouncing Hamish a little before letting him do it himself again. “You’ll have to teach him all about Doctor Who, and maybe you can read to him. And I can read the Hobbit to both of you.” Hamish made a loud noise, tugging on John’s shirt again, demanding attention.
"Won't be needing it for a few more hours," John said, keeping Sherlock's hand in his as they made their way through the hospital, the nurse fluttering around taking Sherlock's blood pressure. "I'll call Mrs. Hudson and she can bring it by later." He looked over at the doctor, who was standing calmly, obviously not concerned in the least about Sherlock being in already. "His last two contractions were five minutes apart," he told her, keeping his voice steady. "Hasn't had another yet."
Maria looked up, exchanging a knowing look with the Alpha before returning her attention to Sherlock. "Alright, for starters, bump the calorie count up to fifteen hundred per day. As the pregnancy progresses, you're going to be consuming upwards of three thousand a day, and it'll be exceedingly helpful for you to have some weight on you already when that baby starts leeching off of you." She smiled kindly, making a small note. "Secondly, there's nothing wrong with nicotine patches, and you can stay on them if you wish, but absolutely no smoking. I'm assuming that you work with the Met, and you can obviously continue to do so, but I wouldn't recommend running after about week twenty. Not for the sake of the pup, but more for your sake. It'll kill your back, and if you throw that out... hard to fix with a pup inside you."
Sherlock's hands were shaking as he held the watch. "J-John... it's time... it's sensitive, it could be important!" he said, wincing again. He hummed, leaning into John's hand a little before he could help it. When he realised this, he jumped up again.
"Sherlock, yes, of course I would." John leant back so the he could see Sherlock properly, reaching up to cup his face in his hands. "Love, what's wrong? You never act like this." He leant forward and kissed him sweetly. "What's this case you're doing? What about it has you so scared?" he asked, genuinely worried now.
The infant in Sherlock's arms stirred a little and Sherlock ran a hand up and down his back to soothe him gently. "Well he'll not get anymore pressure points John, I'm calling Mycroft when we're back. He'll put someone on the flat, and at Harry's as well. Your mother will be taken care of and when she's released she can stay with us or with Harry and Clara..." he let out a breath. "I still don't understand...how he knew that they would be there I... he was after them?" he asked quietly, his voice cracking a little at the thought of someone wanting to hurt his children. No doubt though the plan was to abduct them, the gun was his force, Mindy fought, and the noise scared him off, knowing that it was an urban area and people would be drawn to it. He shook his head, thoughts starting to reel out of control and he couldn't let that happen yet.
Sherlock sighed, looking up at John. "I don't want to argue," he muttered with a sigh, lifting up the plate and scraping half of it onto another one before carrying one out into the living room and sinking onto the sofa, not wanting Katherine to see him sulk. He begrudgingly started to eat, nibbling on the toast a little.
Sherlock hummed, his head rolling back a little as he nuzzled closer to John before realising. God, how was it that John could be everywhere at once? It felt like he was wrapping around him again.
John finished making the tea, setting Sherlock's mug down in front of him before joining him at the table with his own food. "Bit of a scary thought," he commented, starting to eat. "They grow up so damn fast. I want her to stay little forever."
Sherlock moaned, the back of his head bumping back against the wall. "Mmm... yes... please," he murmured, lifting his hips, grinding up against John as much as he could. "John...god..." he panted, needing him already. "Now...please..." he said.
John slowly rolled from the bed, walking over to the chest of drawers, grabbing a pair of jeans, a jumper, and a shirt, and headed for the bathroom to change.
Sherlock nodded a little. "Yes, but… well it's not as if we can't just get it later," he said, knowing he was being unreasonable. He sighed. "Okay, just hurry with them yes?"
Sherlock looked down at Kat, who was staring up at his face as if there was something interesting on it. "It's not that I don't like her small... but I'm looking forward to teaching her how to talk. And having conversations," he murmured. "Watching her develop as a person. From a little thing that is only concerned about its own survival into a person. Aware of the world around her," he said quietly.
Sherlock shrugged a little. "I suppose," he murmured. "Probably no more than an hour though, no bed stay which is definitely a positive in my book," Sherlock said with a nod. He squeezed John's hand after weaving his fingers with his. "And you're there, so... that's good too," he said.
John welcomed Sherlock back with a warm embrace, snuggling close to him and breathing in his scent. "We can get him a couple," he said quietly, pressing a few kisses to Sherlock's forehead, cheeks, and finally his lips. He let out a soft breath, his eyes closing as he relaxed against his mate. "I can't wait to get out tomorrow," he murmured, his breath shifting through Sherlock's hair. "I don't like being trapped inside. Feel like a caged animal."
Sherlock sighed at the look, John was the one that needed it more, and he ate before going to the hospital...twenty-four hours before. He sighed again, then took a bite. Katherine smiled, picking up the mug of tea that was hers, it had a kitten on it. Hamish squawked a little, his small fists hitting Sherlock's legs, making smacking sounds with his mouth. Sherlock finished the toast, picking him up and situated him in the crook of his arm. "You've got worse manners than me. Maybe your Papa will be a good influence like he was on me," he murmured, picking up the bottle he'd prepared and set on the tray, holding it out for the infant. He always made Hamish reach for it, and as such, just over three months old he was already almost holding the bottle himself.
"She's quite like you," John said by means of agreement, smiling softly down at her. "Might have to put a bell on her when she starts crawling," he teased, pouring hot water over the teabags. He picked up his mug, taking a long sip of it and smiling over the rim at Sherlock
too well."
John grinned for a second, taking another sip of his tea before he set it aside and shuffled so that he was lying down again. He took Kat into his arms once more and snuggled with her, kissing the top of her head. "I don't know," he whispered, glancing up at Sherlock. "Sometimes I just feel like I never left Afghanistan. Like I never can leave."
John blinked his eyes open, having accidentally fallen asleep. He turned, looking up at someone he thought he wouldn't ever see again. "Oh, love," he whispered, reaching out slowly and grabbing his free hand. His eyes flickered from Sherlock's face for a moment, latching onto the little blond baby in his arms, and he choked on a sob. "Is that..." our son? He was afraid to say it, afraid that somehow it wasn't true and that he would get his hopes up.
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little. He looked at John, smiling. "Why don't we go for a while then?" he asked. "Just us," he said. "We can ask your mum to watch Katherine. Spend New Years here... and go up after. Stay until my birthday or something..." he murmured. "Can bring inducers, because... I think that's the only way I'll be able to get them back on track," he said, nuzzling close to John.
John gave one shouldered shrug with his right side. “I don’t know. Because….because I had been in that desert for so long and it was hot, because it was January and where I grew up it would have been snowing by then most likely. I went into shock, I don’t think that’s something that can be explained really,” he said, shaking his head a little.
"I'll kill him then, too," John replied, resting his hand gently over Sherlock's. "He's not going to separate us, love. Not if I can help it." He kissed Sherlock's forehead, holding his lips there for a long moment. "We'll be fine," he promised, tightening his arms around Sherlock's waist.
He would send few texts, having some of his network on hand to intercept him should something go differently. Then he walked down the hall, climbing back into bed and handing John his tea. "Ask anything," he said. He knew the sedative wouldn't take long to act, and he would see the signs.
Sherlock's breaths were coming quicker now, nearly there... he opened his eyes when John stopped his movements. He looked down, complaint building on his lips. "I... John, god... please," he breathed, looking at him pleadingly. "Christ I need...." A whine came from him as he felt himself backing off from the edge.
John pulled his eyes open, staring up at Sherlock. He reached forward, running his fingers through his soft curls, fixing some that had fallen the wrong way. "You're okay, love," he whispered, leaning up to kiss his lips, wincing as he lowered himself back down. He looked out of the tinted window, recognising some of the buildings. They were almost there. "I'm not going to let anyone hurt you."
John sighed when Sherlock moved away, wanting to just hold him for a while, to spend some time with him as he never seemed to get to. "I'll meet you in the bedroom, then," he said quietly, squeezing Sherlock's shoulder before he left the kitchen, heading into the bedroom and crawling under the covers.
, John thought back, squeezing Sherlock's hand in response.
John looked out of the window for a moment, reading the cemetery's name on the iron sign five times before he wordlessly took Sherlock's hand and all but dragged him out of the cab. It was going to hurt, probably tremendously, but it was going to get better as well. He just needed a little push in the right direction. Well, maybe a big push.
"Easy," John murmured, nuzzling along Sherlock's neck and kissing the reddened skin. "I've got you, I promise," he said, moving his hands back down to Sherlock's trousers and peeling them off, exposing an obviously interested erection underneath just his pants now. He massaged his fingers up Sherlock's rapidly heating sides, the heat setting in at a nearly alarming rate, but he knew it was medically safe, or he wouldn't have been able to get it. "I've got you," he repeated, sucking at a spot on Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock reached up and grabbed the tags hanging from his neck through his shirt, gripping onto them tightly. He swallowed tightly, feeling almost like he was going to be sick. He very well could be...he had reason to, and being pregnant. He stood up, walking over to Katherine who held up her arms to be held. Sherlock complied, putting a smile on his face for her. "Hey Katty girl," he said, lifting her. "You're getting almost too big to pick up honey. Not yet though...soon though I'll be too big to pick you up." he whispered quietly, holding onto her. She would be all he had while John was gone.
"I ate so little out... out there that I don't have much of an appetite anymore. I don't like eating." John shrugged, turning back to the coffee pot when it was done, pouring himself a mug and taking a slow sip.
John followed Sherlock’s gaze down to Katherine and found himself smilng. He combed some hair back from her face, leaning down to whisper in her ear. “Why don’t you go get your present that you got for Daddy? You remember where we hid it yeah?” he whispered, leaning back to grin at her.
John smirked at Sherlock's commanding tone, rolling back over to brace himself over the Omega, resting his hand over Sherlock's. "Stop pulling on your stitches," he chastised, lowering his head to brush his nose against Sherlock's, nipping at his lower lip.
John sighed, wrapping his arm around both Sherlock and Katherine to keep them close. "No front lines," John repeated, though he knew that things could happen. "And you're keeping that promise," he said, nuzzling into Kat's hair.
He knows he probably shouldn’t go. The smart thing to do would be to put some distance between them and let the… infatuation, or whatever it is, pass. But, as Sherlock never hesitates to point out, John’s defining trait isn’t exactly being smart. Rosie is spending the weekend at Molly’s, so he can’t even use her as an excuse.
And so, Sherlock decides it’s time to adjust the parameters of the experiment: He needs to be more aggressive. Sherlock winces.
The handwriting is unmistakably John’s - neat and orderly in dark blue ballpoint pen on lined 70 gsm paper. It’s a list. Similar to the one currently stored in the Notes-app on his own phone:
Now Sherlock is definitely blushing. “No. I felt like I needed to write
John stares at him, hanging on to every word.
“That just makes you an idiot,” Sherlock can’t help but smile a little, though.
He pulls himself back to reality and slinks out of bed, pulling on pyjama pants and a dressing gown, just as Lestrade knocks again. John stirs a little - Sherlock hears the rush of the bedsheets behind him. He turns to check on him, but it looks like he didn’t wake up.
did that to
I definitely don’t tell them that I think I might have loved him. That I think I still do and probably always will. Not in the way you’re thinking of - at least I don’t think so. We did seem to fit together in a way that I’ve never experienced before or after. The word soulmates comes to mind, although I’m not sure that’s what we were either. But he did feel like a part of myself that I had been missing all my life, and now that he’s gone, it feels like I’ve been torn in half. Whatever that means, I choose to call it love.
and heads out, still debating with himself if he really wants to chase Sherlock around London when he’s probably not even noticed he's not there, or if he should just stick to his original plan and go home. Sherlock wins in the end, of course. He always does. So about five minutes later John finds himself in a taxi on his way to Victoria Embankment.
Sherlock bites his lip. Did he scare him off? There is a reassuring
Sherlock doesn’t answer, simply frowns and turns his attention to one of the computers that are humming quietly from a line of small cubicles along the back wall. After a minute or two, he realises that Lestrade is still there.
They find Sherlock crouching at the edge of a car park, looking intensely at the remains of what may or may not have been a human hand. As they approach him, he springs to his feet and gleefully starts spewing out deductions and insults alike.
Inspired, he opens the Notes-app on his phone, and starts making a list. He quickly runs into an issue, however: He has a very hard time coming up with a lot of disadvantages of being with John. Which should have been obvious from the start. However, Sherlock feels that on a pros and cons list there should at least be a semblance of balance between the two. He’ll have to think of something.
John’s heart breaks a little at this, and at the look on Sherlock’s face.
“I’ve got tomorrow off, though. I could come by and help interview potential clients, if you want?”
“You fellas ready?” Greg asks with a knowing smile.
A shower is probably in order. He slowly gets out of bed and walks down the hall to the bathroom, feeling a bit like an intruder, although this too is irrational. This is John’s house. Of course, he is welcome here.
Yeah, so it's summer and sunny here, but for some reason I've been thinking about snow today, so I wrote this. Very fluffy, very pointless.
“What was that for?” he mutters, still smiling and looking warmly down at me.
John can do nothing but smile sheepishly, and a moment later, Sherlock is by his side.
Greg frowns. “It’s Sherlock, isn’t it?”
“How about a cup of tea?” he says, as if he has just had a brilliant and completely novel idea.
Sherlock shakes his head and tries to focus. Another text from John weakens his resolve considerably.
I cut him off. “Don’t. Just… leave me alone.” I turn on my heel and walk away swiftly to catch my connection. Mercifully, he doesn’t follow me - come to think of it, he probably does. But he doesn’t reveal himself to me again.
“Look John, see this white, crystalline substance? Natron. Used to dry out the mummy. And here are traces of beeswax, also used to keep moisture away and, obviously, because of its anti-bacterial properties. This points to the mummies most likely being Egyptian, just as I expected. We’ll have to go to the Yard to look through their databases - they might have access to some internal reports on missing Egyptian artefacts that are not publicly available. I don’t trust the police to do it properly, and besides, I have a couple of other small matters I have been wanting to look up when I could find an excuse to access their database. Excellent! Here’s hoping Lestrade is back, he is usually more amenable than the other imbeciles. We’ll go straight away!”
They sit quietly for a while, slowly sipping their beers and not looking at each other.
When people learn who my former flatmate was, they usually get curious. They ask questions, want me to describe him. Often, they have read my blog, but they want more. They want to know what he was like. I find that very difficult to answer for several reasons.
Sherlock, wherever you are: Do you know that you’ve completely ruined me for everyone else? Do you know you’ve broken me - maybe beyond repair? I had hoped it would get better in time - that doesn’t seem to happen. I have a therapist who tries to get me to talk, but I refuse. I only tell her about the things that don’t really matter.
It takes him a moment to realise what he just wrote.
“I’m almost finished,” he says, returning his attention to the microscope, his voice still completely calm. John turns to walk towards the door again but is stopped in his tracks when Sherlock adds. “And also, the answer is yes.”
you.” He sends Sherlock a pointed look.
Sherlock smiles too. “Several. But I need more data. First, we need to find out exactly how many mummies we are talking about.” The case isn’t even all that exciting, but the look on John’s face and the opportunity to impress him is, as usual, rather motivating.
Sherlock shrugs and runs a gloved finger along the edge of the table, watching carefully to see if anything sticks to it. “It probably isn’t. We were just having a casual conversation.”
“I guess not…”
I shake my head and roll my eyes - I knew he wasn’t listening before - but just say “sure”.
The day progresses more or less exactly the way John would have predicted: They scour an area roughly the size of ten football fields for body parts and clues. Sherlock is ecstatic, alternating between whooshing, dancing and marching around the crime scene, showing off and being – in John's eyes – absolutely magnificent (and in the eyes of the majority of the assembled representatives of the Met, a right pain in the arse).
Cons of dating Sherlock Holmes:
Sherlock arrives at the crime scene before John has time to reply.
on the top of my head).
Sherlock freezes and utters a very telling “Oh.”
“Even so…” he is still holding out his hand, I continue to ignore it.
A moment later, Greg bursts in.
). The truth is that if John could just be there all the time, Sherlock would feel much better. But Sherlock isn't thinking about any of that. Obviously not. Not at all.
Instead of deigning to answer that, he writes:
Sometimes, people will actually ask about
“Well, that went well,” I say. The ice between us seems melt a bit. Then, before he can start talking again, I say: “I want you to know that… no matter what, we’re… we’re fine. Okay?”
“I couldn’t risk it,” he says. “And, well…” Now his expression is definitely pained. I suddenly get it, and a burst of anger runs through me.
He thinks he sees Sherlock blush. “It is finished.”
Thank you to everyone who read along, and especially to those who left comments. It really means the world to read them. <3
in fact telling the truth; John likes him. Sherlock is excited about this, but also very uncertain as to how to proceed. So, he doesn’t bring it up, and every day he is simultaneously relieved and disappointed that John doesn’t either.
Molly is obviously the resident pop culture expert of the group! ;)
“Oh. Don’t you think you ought to see if it’s important?”
I’m pulled out of the moment by the sound of someone clearing their throat behind Sherlock. I move my head slightly to the side to look past him, and I’m met with the sight of Greg Lestrade and Sergeant Donovan walking up to us - that must have been who Sherlock had been texting before. Greg looks slightly amused, Donovan - to my delight - like she’s about to throw up.
Sherlock looks wounded. “Because I don’t want you to, obviously.”
John raises an eyebrow, scepticism painted across his face. “And when did you become the expert on the inner workings of mad geniuses?”
This makes John jerk his head up again. “No, he doesn’t! He absolutely doesn’t. Come one, Greg, it’s Sherlock we’re talking about!”
“Who is it that keeps texting you?”
“Yes, Sherlock.”
“Quite right,” Sherlock says and smiles mischievously. “I was thinking we might have a bit of fun!”
“Get away from there, please,” he says and holds out his hand.
Greg shrugs again. “Dunno, but it might just work.”
Five more minutes pass without a reply. A tingle of panic and uneasiness has settled itself in the pit of his stomach.
“Sherlock,” Jeanette says with a measured nod and a polite semi-smile.
. I simply added John and myself to a certain group chat that quite frankly concerned us, so I think we have every right to be involved in it.”
“Alright,” Sherlock says, granting Jeanette a final fake-polite smile, and then turns towards their door, Rosie still on his hip. John can hear him ask her about her day as the two of them disappear inside.
Another short break, but not long enough for Sherlock to figure out what to say to that. Then:
thick, is he? I did see the panicked look in his eyes when I pushed him away. And he did storm out. So he must have felt
And a little later.
his boyfriend seems a bit beside the point.
thinking about it. I’m allowing myself to think about it.
I realise that might not be the healthiest way to deal with your feelings, but that is what I’ve always done. I can’t just talk about my feelings; it doesn’t come naturally to me. Easier to just… not think about it. But now, for the first time, I really
John has spent the past three hours at Sherlock’s, not really doing anything, but keeping Sherlock company while he did an experiment that involved spritzing various chemicals on an assortment of human bones that John tries not to wonder where he got his hands on. He’s doing this more and more - just spends time with Sherlock, even if he doesn’t really need his help with anything. It’s nice. Time always seems to run by extremely fast.
The moment only lasts a couple of seconds, but it’s long enough for me to become absolutely captivated. Then he looks down and spots me. He doesn’t move, however, just cocks his head slightly to the side - sending a few snowflakes flying off his bouncing curls, envelops me in his greenish-blue gaze and smiles enigmatically. As if he
And yet, once again, there’s Sherlock, just casually slinking into his mind, completely uninvited, as if he owns the damn place. Come to think of it, maybe he does. John can’t help it. Just like he can’t help all the butterflies in his stomach, or the way his heart beats faster, or the high-pitched ringing in his ears.
? As much as I hate to admit it - and I really, really do hate it - it took me much longer to start getting over his “death” than Mary’s. So what does that tell me? Am I even allowed to be thinking that?
At the sound of Rosie’s voice, Sherlock waves at her. Rosie waves back excitedly, her bad mood forgotten. John can’t help but smile.
Lestrade sighs. “Look, John’s my friend too, and he… Well, I can’t exactly tell you. Just… keep in mind that it’s not always the easiest thing in the world, being your friend.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John looks at him with narrow eyes. “I want to see it.”
Either way, Sherlock has been spurred on to raise the stakes on his texting experiment, so the following day, he texts John at work around the time of his usual lunch break:
Sherlock has written a list, although coming up with cons has proved a challenge.
Glare.
When I’m certain there can be nothing else in my stomach to throw up, I get off the floor once more. I brush my teeth, tentatively drink a bit of water, and drag myself to bed, suddenly incredibly tired.
John Watson is frustrated. It’s Friday night, he’s at the pub with Greg, and they’re supposed to be having a few pints and a good time. But John is frustrated. He sighs into his pint for at least the twenty-seventh time that evening.
John considers this for a moment. “You… you really couldn’t think of any more reasons not to be with me?” He suddenly feels an immense weight on his chest, making it hard to breathe.
So of course, he texts Sherlock an affirmation, hurries to finish his coffee and goes straight to Hampstead Heath to most likely spend the entire Saturday combing through the grass and ponds for disembodied fingers, ears and God knows what else.
“Thanks.”
John considers this. “Well, I’ll try not to… But Sherlock… This is insane. No one can be that perfect.”
A burst of excitement spreads from somewhere in his abdomen, all the way up his spine and lodges itself in his throat. If this isn’t flirting, John has no idea what the hell is. Then again, one can never be entirely sure what Sherlock is up to.
Sherlock sends him a puzzled look but doesn’t comment. He simply makes a mental note that Lestrade
“Fine.” Sherlock produces his phone from his pocket, opens an app and hands the phone to John.
I suddenly realise that I’ve stopped in my tracks; just standing there, cardboard cups clutched in my hands, staring at the tall, slender figure a few feet away. Snowflakes are landing gracefully in his hair and on his shoulders, the white of them standing out in sharp contrast against his ebony-dark curls and the black wool of his coat.
“’Morning, Sherlock. Where's John?” Lestrade looks a little more tired than usual this morning as Sherlock joins him. Sherlock allows himself a moment to enjoy the view from Parliament Hill of the city rising out of the early morning fog, before engaging in conversation.
On day four, he writes:
“Yeah, I guess it does.” John shrugs. They look at each other for a moment, and then Jeanette does something unexpected: She smiles - a real, genuinely happy smile - and puts a hand on his arm.
, he gets a text:
Sherlock makes his face go completely blank and unreadable and presses his fingertips together. “I have just come to realise that you and I are… incompatible.”
Much against my will, a snippet of a conversation with Irene Adler from years ago suddenly rings in my head:
“You can. You are.”
Another text:
“No. No, nothing like that. It’s just that… Oh God, it’s so stupid! Why am I even considering telling you this?” John buries his face in his hands. He feels vulnerable. And put on the spot. And like a complete idiot.
He will need to investigate further; he must pay very close attention to John’s physical responses from now on. Of course, he could just ask John about it. But then it wouldn’t be a puzzle; that would be cheating.
I stare at him, trying to remain calm, but it’s difficult with everything that’s happening inside my body. It’s like the door that has been holding in all those feelings for so long has suddenly been flung wide open, and now everything is hitting me all at once like a tidal wave. Time stops. The world becomes blurry.
“'Oh'? What, you didn’t know you were my best friend?” It’s meant to be sarcastic, but he doesn’t answer. And he doesn’t meet my eyes. The realisation hits me like a freight train, and I immediately soften a little. “Oh my god, you didn’t, did you? God, Sherlock… Of course, you… you were. And you still are.”
“A mistake? So you didn’t want to do it? It didn’t… mean anything?”
his area, but he needs to try
“Can you please always be around when I run into one of my exes?” he mutters.
I look up and see him walk towards me.
“There,” Sherlock says, a little too proud of himself; grabbing John’s other hand, letting the blazer fall to the floor. “Now both of our proposals have been spoiled, and neither of us need to worry about it anymore.”
First of all, because he’s gone. He’s dead, and I still miss him terribly, even though it’s been almost two years since his suicide. I can’t seem to get over it, he just keeps on rummaging in the back of my head, like an insect stuck in a jar. I thought I would have stopped grieving by now, but truth be told, I haven’t. I can’t. Maybe I never will. So, it’s hard for me to talk about him, even now. But I do try. I owe him that.
Sherlock supposes this is as good a time as any to put his plan into action. Sherlock takes a moment to type out a text that - in his opinion - is both casual and subtly suggestive (
About five months after his return, I move back in with him. We try to rationalise it, arguing that it’s easier to work on cases that way; it’s cheaper; I’m always over there anyway; it’s closer to the surgery where I work. We both know that really, it’s because we miss living together and we don’t want to be apart more than necessary, but we don’t say it out loud. We don’t have to. We both understand what lies beneath those rationalisations.
“Greg! I swear, you’re just doing that on purpose now. But whatever, Spock, I’ll leave you to it, then. You have an hour.”
“Chemistry?” John scratches the back of his neck and feels a flush of pink rising to his face. “If by chemistry you mean regularly wanting to strangle him, I guess you’re right.”
“You needed me to grieve. Didn’t you? You needed it to be real. For it to be convincing to everyone else? I can’t believe you! Two years, Sherlock! It was hell!” My voice has turned gradually louder and louder.
“Right.”
It doesn’t take long - the samples show exactly what he expects them to show.
“You’re an idiot,” John says, unable to hide a small smile, and rests his head against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock seriously thought that he was being considerate and doing him a favour? Why can he never stay mad at this man? “It was supposed to be a surprise,” he adds weakly. He feels stupid, and baffled, and a bit silly.
Sherlock bites his lip. Then he looks down again and says: “You, on the other hand, seem to have had no trouble coming up with an abundance of disadvantages of being with me. And therein lies the problem. I am not a good choice. I will hurt you, and I will let you down.”
“Mmh,” John sighs, as they both pull back a bit. He feels arousal bubble through his now much more relaxed body (he hates to admit it, but Sherlock is right - it
“You must have lost your mind. I haven’t observed any physical signs of attraction in him at all.”
John frowns. “Wait…” A terrifying thought hits him. “If it’s that obvious that I like him, do you think… God, you don’t think Sherlock
“A pros and cons list. Pros and cons of getting together with Sherlock. Just to see if you would actually be interested in that.”
John is confused. But pleasantly so.
God, I’m a wreck, I think.
First things first: Strategize. He knows from past social interactions that people don’t tend to respond well to his rare honest attempts at socialising. He does know how to act charming, distressed, pitiable, naïve, innocent, and a whole number of other moods and emotions, but flirting is something he is more or less entirely unfamiliar with. It has never interested him. Of course there was Janine, but he didn't really have to make much of an effort with her, and somehow this feels... different. Could it be because his feelings are actually genuine? Might be - interesting.
The next few days go by in much the same way: I force myself to go to work and endure the tedious stream of haemorrhoids, high blood pressure, allergies, backpain and so on. I go back home. I hardly eat. I sleep a lot. All the time, I have a feeling that I’m being followed, which I probably am. Sherlock keeps texting me; I keep ignoring him.
look. I’ve never been able to figure out exactly what
A very short message, that shouldn’t have taken that long to type, but the delay also wasn’t long enough for him to have dealt with a patient. Had John been debating with himself whether or not to send it? The thought is strangely exhilarating. This experiment has potential, or, at the very least, is unexpectedly exciting.
“Data?”
I feel suddenly dizzy and let myself slide down the nearest kitchen cabinet into a crouching position, burying my face in my hands. I’m half-aware of the sound of a door opening and closing somewhere, but it too sounds like it’s coming from miles away. I don’t know how long I sit there, trying to collect my thoughts. He kissed me! We kissed! This was not part of the plan. Was it? He’s my best friend, and yet… I can’t honestly say that I haven’t thought about something like that happening from time to time. I can’t say that I’ve never… felt anything at moments when we were particularly close, when we shared a touch or a certain look. But I’ve always immediately tucked those thoughts and feelings away and put a lid on them. Tried to explain them away -
If only John still lived with him; and if only he didn’t have that pesky job of his, then Sherlock would have many more opportunities to study his responses. John has been working a lot as of late (something about Rosie’s day nursery being rather expensive – Sherlock would obviously offer to pay for it, if he thought John would accept it), so their time together has been painfully sparse.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks for reading!
. Did he really just say that? He suspiciously eyes the beer in front of him;
“Sherlock? Tea?”
“John. Maybe we shouldn’t… This was a mistake.”
As I’m leaving work one day, Sherlock texts me to meet him at a coffee shop near Hyde Park. We were at Kensington Gardens a few days ago to look at a crime scene, and apparently there’s something that he wants to check out - and get a coffee on the way. I’m not one to protest - it’s unusually cold, even for January, so if I’m going to trot around in the snow, I’m going to need something to warm me up.
Sherlock throws down his hands in exasperation. “But you aren’t wrong, John. Everything on here is true.”
“What?”
He quickly thinks the better of it, though.
As Lestrade takes him through the crime scene (the victims are an elderly couple killed by an apparent intruder in their small flat, but the strange part is that they have been propped up on chairs at the dining table and posed as if they were having dinner, food laid out on the table and everything), Sherlock’s phone gives off a series of familiar
“Hello, Watson,” Sherlock says affectionately and kisses her cheek. Rosie throws her arms around his neck.
“Yes. Sherlock. I’m familiar with him. And he obviously likes you. A lot.”
John smiles. “Nutter,” he mumbles affectionately and ruffles Sherlock’s hair before heading into the kitchen with Rosie in his arms. “See you, Greg!” he adds as he passes the flabbergasted DI. Greg mutters something indistinguishable in return.
Still, he plays along, as has become their habit:
John texts back
Sherlock turns his head. John can feel him frown in surprise against his temple. “I’ll certainly endeavour to be.”
He’s not making a list. He won’t do it. It’s silly and childish and mean-spirited, and he won’t do it.
With what seems like an extreme degree of self-control, John then pulls himself out of the haze and checks his watch. “Shit. I wish I had done this before. Now I really have to go. I'm so sorry.” He touches Sherlock’s hand.
“Screw you!” John finally straightens up in order to punch Greg semi-jokingly on the arm.
“Of course, I do, you berk. I’m upset. And I’m angry with you. I probably will be for a while, but not forever. I mean… I’m also glad that you’re not dead, you know…” I swallow. Then I sigh. “The truth is that the world just seemed so frightfully bleak without you. There were days when it was hard to see the point in going on.” Now none of us are looking at each other.
Eight more minutes, still no reply.
“Not gonna argue with that.”
Sherlock is relieved to discover that Lestrade has indeed returned when he arrives at Scotland Yard. Just as Sherlock had hoped, he didn’t feel the need to oversee the remainder of the collection of mummified body parts in the burning June sun, and so, has left it to someone else. And he does indeed agree to let Sherlock poke through the databases - quite possibly jumping at the opportunity of not having to do it himself, allowing him to spend his energy on something a bit more urgent.
brilliant. But more importantly, I cannot believe it because that would ruin me completely. Because what I do know for absolute certain, is that during the time I spent with him, I was the happiest I have ever been. Which is probably a bit weird, considering the amount of near-death, kidnapping, violence, and general danger involved in knowing him.
John has often tried to imagine what his first time with Sherlock would look like. He always imagined it would be in their flat (even though it’s been years since he lived there, that’s how he still refers to it in his mind); in Sherlock’s oddly cluttered bedroom, or maybe even on the rug on the sitting room floor or on the kitchen counter, if he was feeling especially adventurous.
I turn to look at my friend, who is bent over some chemicals at the kitchen table and completely engrossed in whatever he’s doing with them. I walk over there and gently place a hand on his arm, which causes his entire body to give a surprised jerk, accidentally knocking over a couple of test tubes of… something.
Sherlock decides to take matters into his own hands. It goes better than expected.
He pulls away after a few seconds, their faces still very close together. “The thing is, Sherlock… that I truly am completely miserable without you.
.” He emphasises the last word as if describing an entirely foreign concept. Then he smiles a small, triumphant smile as Jeanette raises her eyebrows in surprise.
“Do people really do that?”
He texts John to make sure he shares in his agony:
like him, then?”
I nod and become aware that the rain is still pouring down. “Let’s go back inside,” I say.
I just look from it to his face. “Are you seriously afraid I’m going to jump?” I ask.
When Sherlock kisses John, John pushes him away, but quickly realises that he needs to examine both his own and Sherlock's feelings.
“A blind spot?”
I tell people that he is my best friend. That I work on cases with him. That he is absolutely brilliant. That he is a genius. I tell them that he is infuriating, and arrogant, and charming, and hilarious. That he is truly fascinating to be around, and that I am honoured to be his friend and to be involved in his work. I tell them about our adventures.
When he enters the sitting room, there’s Sherlock standing just inside the front door, looking at a now visibly baffled Greg Lestrade, who clearly needs a moment to compose himself.
“Alright, point taken. But what if he
?” He carefully opens the box, and yes, it is a ring. A really nice one, too; oxidised silver with a band of shiny, dark wood in the middle.
What will I even say to him? If he does pick up - or when he comes home? That it doesn’t matter, that we can just forget about it and move on? But can I do that? Is that even what I want? I take a deep breath and close my eyes, carefully letting those feelings bubble up to the surface again. Remembering all the little moments when I’ve stared at him for a little too long, because I just couldn’t take my eyes off him. The times our hands have accidentally brushed against each other, and it felt like a jolt of electricity shot through me. All those moments - when they happened - didn’t seem like such a big deal. They were so brief that I could always move on quickly and not think about them. But when they are all put together, they suddenly seem so overwhelming that they squeeze all the air out of my chest.
“Really, John, is this absolutely necessary?”
I turn to look down to the street again and wait. It only takes a few minutes before I hear his voice.
Speaking of which:
And then, one day, I finally get it. Like the last piece in a puzzle, finally falling into place. I don’t just love him, I
you?”
“Right,” I say.
78,900,000 results. Excellent; plenty of data.
She frowns for just a second before her eyes widen in realisation. “John? Oh, hi! My goodness, I didn’t recognise you!” She smiles a wide smile, which actually looks genuine enough. So, no hard feelings. At least, that’s something. “You look great!” she adds. This statement might be less genuine than the smile, but he’ll take it.
Greg grins and remarks how it should be illegal to be as sickeningly adorable as the two of us - Donovan mutters something about “sickening” being accurate. We all collectively ignore her.
John stares at him, making an exasperated gesture with his arms. “Sherlock!”
I wait for a few minutes. No reply. And no Sherlock.
John frowns. “It just seems… I don’t know. A bit mean? And feelings aren’t really quantifiable like that, are they? I mean a list like that about Sherlock is sure to have way more cons than pros - he’s completely insufferable and impossible to live with… Christ, there must be something wrong with me!”
“Oh, no. I’m just highly irrational and make decisions motivated solely by emotions.” He smiles, and Sherlock’s smile widens too.
“You’ve looked utterly miserable all night, and you keep sighing like a lovestruck schoolgirl. So spill it; what’s going on?”
“Well,” John mutters between kisses. “I believe you have delayed my morning plans for far too long with your nonsense.”
John turns his head in the direction Rosie is looking and indeed there is Sherlock, just turning a corner and walking swiftly down Baker Street, his steps long and his coat billowing dramatically behind him. John can’t exactly decide if he is relieved or horrified to see his boyfriend at this particular moment. But it doesn’t really matter, does it? This is happening whether he likes it or not.
"Yes, I used to," Sherlock murmured. "I had just finished school actually, was aiming to start uni early, like Mycroft," he said.
John shifted his hold on Sherlock, climbing the stairs slowly and avoiding the ones that creaked as he made his way up to his flat. He set Sherlock gently down on the bed, pulling the sheets and duvet over him and stroking his knuckles softly across Sherlock’s cheek.
"P-permission to get on the bed, sir?" Sherlock breathed, thinking it'd be easier on his knees on the edge, perched on his elbows then.
"The pills help?" Sherlock asked quietly, sitting at the foot of the bed, not sure how angry John was still.
"I don't know, you clicked with Molly, or at least you seemed at home down there. And the way you picked apart that corpse..." John shook his head, a smile tugging at his lips. "Maybe you should be a detective or something."
Sherlock smiled, holding his hand down to the front of the chair. Katherine squealed in response to John, stomping one foot and letting out a long string of babble as if complaining about the effort it took to cross the two yards across the room. "Yes, yes, we hear you, now come on over here if you want up," Sherlock said, waving his fingers.
Sherlock's arms were still cradling his stomach, and he was staring at the grass near the base of the headstone, almost looking through it. He let out a breath, closing his eyes as he let himself be held by John.
"You know what's going to happen to you?" The auburn-haired man stepped into the dim room, flipping a switch that cast bright light directly at John, who nodded. "Good. We'll start small. I have an assortment of knives, blunt instruments, heavy instruments. I could break your knees, if you like. Rip out your fingernails slowly one by one. And then, if you're lucky, when you tell me what I want, I'll kill you. Understood?" John nodded tightly, staring hard at the man. "Good. Let's begin, then."
John,
Sherlock shook his head. "No, I'm walking home," he said. "I want to walk, John; I haven't done anything for weeks it feels like. I need the air," he said, still holding onto John's hand. "Need it," he repeated again, looking up at the sky.
Sherlock nodded a little. "Yes, yes, but we won't worry about anything too big for mistakes," he said, laying Katherine on her back on his knees and pressing her palms together, pulling them apart some. "You're going to do just fine won't you? Not much room for mistakes when you're already perfect," he said with a small smile.
John laid like that for a few more hours before his stomach turned again, and he got up, walking into the bathroom and sinking down with enough time to spare for it before he got sick again.
Sherlock moved over to the sofa, sinking down onto it and stretching out, steepling his hands under his chin as he shut his eyes, listening to the music. It had been so long since he'd heard any, and a smile pulled at his lips as he retreated into himself, thinking and resting.
"Laparoscopic, then?" Sherlock asked about the surgery, blinking slowly.
Sherlock let out a shaking breath, sucking it in sharply when John pressed against him and then into him slowly. He moaned, eyes closing as John sank into him. He wet his lips, pulling his eyes open and looking at John as he pulled out, then back in quickly, ripping the breath from Sherlock. "I...god...
John glanced back at the nurse, watching as she smiled at them and hung the clipboard up on the end of the bed.
Sherlock bit his lip; he wasn't good at this kind of thing. While John was in the shower, Sherlock made a sandwich of cold cuts and set it by John's chair. He even nibbled on some bread and meat himself, drinking some milk as well so the medicine wouldn't upset his stomach, before he returned to the sofa.
It was a little while later that he got a little antsy and decided to go to Bart's lab. He pulled on his coat and left, hailing a cab and riding to the hospital, letting himself into the lab and starting in on the petri dishes he'd left out the other day.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John, resting his nose in John's hair. "I saw you there," he murmured. "Seemed to have some manners, that's something isn't it?" he asked with a small smile.
Sherlock reached out, taking John's hand and following him out, getting into the cab when John hailed it. He looked at the flat, and then to John. "I don't have keys yet... didn't have time to get more," he said quietly. "I can... can hold onto them," he offered, leaning up close to John and pressing against his side.
Katherine looked up at her Papa, letting out a breath and leaning against her Daddy. "But have plan," she said, voice slightly lower than before; Sherlock kept up his motions on her stomach, smirking at the fact that that still worked. He reached up and combed his fingers through her hair as well. "Pretend sleep....'nd see Santa," she said, with a small yawn interrupting her sentence.
John looked up to meet Sherlock's frantic gaze, knowing his own eyes were blown wide with fear. He lowered his hand from his mouth, his vision going foggy for a moment. "I..." he shook his head, squeezing his eyes shut. "Tomorrow night. Flight leaves at six."
"Alright, fine... one of those... tell me when you feel ready things," Sherlock said with a small nod. "I can… respect that," he said, letting out a breath. He looked at John, already feeling tired from the walk. He walked over to the sofa and sat down next to John, rather wanting to be held again, like he had been before. Like he hadn't been able to in the hospital.
Sherlock smiled at that, then shook his head. "This isn't a contest John...they're both both of ours," he said quietly, nuzzling John's jaw. Hamish jumped again, changing pitch in his tone, obviously not happy that the conversation had shifted from him. "Ga!" he shrieked, then stuck his fist in his mouth, sucking on it and looking down at his wrist as if intrigued by what his hand was doing. "Hungry I take it, I can go get a bottle, used to getting up and doing so at Hamish's shouty little demands.”
Sherlock relaxed a small bit, running his hand over his stomach once before stepping out of John’s hold, shrugging on a shirt and buttoning it up. "I don't know how to do this, John. You can't read this in a book because it's different for everyone. There are too many factors; I can't... deduce what's going to happen," he said, ruffling his damp hair as he always did. He huffed a breath, sitting on the bed.
John knelt down beside Sherlock, settling his hand on his cheek and making their gazes connect. He stared at Sherlock for a long moment before he nodded minutely, taking Sherlock's hands and pulling him up into his arms.
He found a polished red stone in the cupboard once, next to his favorite mug. He asked a colleague about it at work who was into geology and he identified it as Jasper. He simply added it to the small collection on top of his dresser.
Sherlock leaned forward into John's hand, letting out a breath when he saw the mark on his arm, no longer needing a bandage, but still clearly there. It had needed stitches, but it was obviously too late to do them when he was found. "Someday...just like before, you're going to tell me what happened," he said softly, looking up at John. "And we'll be able to tell our children that their Papa is very brave. We both have scars John...for what we did to keep our family safe." He smiled a little, standing up.
Doesn’t send it. Obviously. He has typed out those three words countless times, but he never presses ‘send'.
Sherlock smiles and involuntarily utters some ungodly combination of a sigh and a groan, then immediately jerks his head around to make sure nobody heard him.
? That’s an impossible standard to be held to, but I thought…”
I feel something sink inside me. What had it even meant? The kiss? Somehow, I have a hard time imagining Sherlock being in love. Not that I don’t think he’s capable of feeling things - I know he is. But love? I don’t know. That’s one of the sides of my best friend that I’ve never really been able to figure out. He’s referred to the concept as “human error” in the past; insisted that “romantic entanglement” wasn’t for him. So what did the kiss mean? Was it just Sherlock being Sherlock; just trying something out, simply to see how I’d react? No, it can’t be that. He isn’t
His face goes white. “I… I don’t know what I would do.”
“Sorry about him… you remember how he can be,” John has resorted back to scratching the back of his head and is only reluctantly meeting Jeanette’s gaze.
They text each other regularly throughout each day. There might be long pauses because one or both of them are busy, but it’s never awkward or uncomfortable. The conversation just seems to pick up exactly where they left it.
John and Sherlock discover the group chat and decide to join in as the story comes to a close.
“Oh! You’re leaving?” John has a hard time trying to conceal his disappointment.
idea. Then
In reality, Sherlock doesn’t mind this particular disturbance. Strange that. But he can’t help it. Because it’s true - he does love John. And he loves John’s texts. He loves texting him back. He loves their bickering and their in-jokes and the anticipation of waiting for a reply. It’s pointless and it slows him down, and normally he would detest that. Sherlock prefers texting because it’s fast and efficient, and you don’t have to waste time listening to pointless chitter-chatter. But when it comes to John, the rules of the universe often seem to somehow change completely.
Do I have feelings for him? Romantic feelings? I feel a flutter of butterflies in my stomach that seems to confirm as much. And the kiss? I look up from my hands and absentmindedly let my fingers brush over my lips. Yes, that had been surprisingly - confusingly - nice? No, really bloody great, actually. Shit.
He takes a careful sip of the coffee, which is scorching and pitch-black, and sends Greg a cautionary look. “Don’t ask.”
Disclaimer: I don't really know anything about mummies. Or police databases. Feel free to correct me, if I've gotten it egregiously wrong.
The thing with Sherlock is, he has always somehow been able to convince John to do pretty much anything he asks. John doesn’t know exactly how that’s possible, but it’s like Sherlock possesses some sort of gravitational pull, which has dragged John completely into orbit, and even if he wanted to, he wouldn’t be able to escape. It was even like this long before… whatever this is. Although… John is honestly starting to doubt that there even ever was a before. Maybe he’s always been in love with him, he just didn’t notice until recently? Maybe that’s what the gravitational pull is? What he knows for sure is that over the last few years, Sherlock has managed to eclipse him so completely that he even has a hard time remembering a time
“Dad! Daddy said I could have orange juice and animal biscuits!”
His face changes. He’s surprised. And disappointed.
Lestrade sighs. “All right. But you can’t tell him I said anything. He… likes you.”
he go? Did he leave? I faintly remember hearing the door slam - how long ago?
“At home. I will text him later; he is not awake yet, so there’s no point.”
As uninhibited as their texting may have been lately, he's pretty sure that him implying that he thinks about Sherlock when he’s in bed is probably crossing some sort of line. Even though he was. Thinking about him. In bed.
Before Sherlock has a chance to answer, however, he hears the bedroom door open and close, and John’s voice sort of hazily call out: “Sherlock?”
Sherlock immediately lights up. “7.30?”
“God damn it, Sherlock,” John finally sputters. “How!? How could you possibly know?”
Greg comes clean to his co-conspirators, and shares some good news.
He slides his hands down to rest on Sherlock’s chest and gently forces him back a little.
“Ouch, oh, sorry, I didn’t- Jeanette?” John always seems to run into his exes at the worst possible moments. It’s almost like a superpower. In all fairness, though, he has dated quite a few women, so there are a substantial number of exes running around London, sharply increasing the risk of running into them at inopportune moments. There are times when you’d imagine it would be perfect to bump into your ex. When you’re walking confidently down the street in your best outfit, having a good hair day. Or when you’ve successfully rescued someone from a burning building. Having just made a tentative armistice with a short-tempered three-year-old, who has wiped her nose on the sleeve of your jacket, leaving a long and very visible trace of snot down your lower arm, your hair slightly dishevelled and your face flushed from panic, is not one of those times.
John feels Sherlock shift restlessly next to him. He knows that this kind of polite social conduct isn’t his cup of tea, and that he probably just wants Greg out of their hair as quickly as possible. But John feels like they owe it to Greg to at least be a little nice to him. Luckily, though, Greg says:
And once again, he doesn’t need John’s help. Of course. Still, John decides to sit around in Greg's office and wait for Sherlock to finish, as he has done so often before, because that’s what he does, isn’t it? Because he is either stupid or insane or quite possibly both.
“No. I’m done here. Obviously, this was done by someone who knew them intimately, and not a random intruder. I would look into any adult children, if I were you. One of them is sure to have some traumatic experience involving a family dinner. My guess would be the son,” Sherlock gestures towards a table that holds a number of family photos. “There are several photos of the two daughters, but the son only appears in a few group photos, indicating that their relationship is estranged, maybe even hostile. Thank you, Gareth!” And with that, Sherlock stands up and strides out of there.
I’m completely transfixed by the sight of him. Come to think of it, maybe he does. He usually knows almost everything, after all.
John has been woken up by the sound of muffled voices somewhere in the flat and decides to go investigate.
. He considers for a moment if he should try to get in touch with The Woman to ask her for advice, but quickly decides against it. One, because she would probably find it all too amusing, and two, because what constitutes flirting to her is - in Sherlock’s opinion - incontrovertibly
“Oi, give it back, Sherlock!”
So, that's pretty much it, everyone!
When John comes over, they will usually work on something for a few hours, and then say goodbye in the late afternoon, and continue the conversation they had been having over text, either immediately (if John is taking a taxi), or when John gets home (if he is taking the tube or biking; he has begun taking taxis more frequently, Sherlock notes).
There is an immediate change to Jeanette’s general demeanour; her shocked expression is replaced by a compassionate smile; her eyes soften; she subtly flips her ponytail. John has seen this happen with a few women in the past, when they believe that he’s a single father.
I slowly get better. It doesn’t happen from one day to the next, of course, but it feels like the weight of an elephant has been lifted from my chest, and that makes everything else quite a bit easier.
I feel myself becoming increasingly anxious, as I send another text:
“Really,” I say, and then, struck by a sudden thought, I add: “And if this is some sort of stupid joke, Sherlock, I swear I’m going to murder you.”
Then, after scrolling through the whole list, John frowns. “Yours isn’t finished,” he says, a little accusingly. “There are hardly any cons on it.”
“John?”
“I do believe I marked that as a point against you, but I’m beginning to think I was wrong.” Now Sherlock kisses John. He pulls him in and wraps his arms around him in a way that makes John’s knees go all wobbly.
In the taxi on his way home, he can finally read the flurry of texts from John:
“Wait.
Sherlock isn’t replying, which just seems to confirm his fear that he has overstepped what is allowed between them.
Young man. Chlamydia test.
annoying and
“What? No. No, no, no.” John has waited too long for this to just let Sherlock freak out and bolt with no explanation. He places both his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and firmly but lovingly pushes him back inside. He closes the door behind him. “Talk,” he demands.
In the early afternoon, there is another text:
“I mean,” John looks at the list again. “How is it bad that I would die for you? Which yes, I absolutely would by the way.”
“Eh, you’re welcome...” If Greg wasn’t completely flummoxed before, he certainly is now, as he hurries to flee the scene. John is pretty confused himself, until Sherlock closes the door behind him, triumphantly brandishing a phone; Greg’s phone.
“Christ, is that the time? I have to get Rosie.”
They both freeze for a moment. Up until now, they still haven’t mentioned the texts. It has been like an unspoken contract between them. As if there were two separate pairs of them - real-life-John-and-Sherlock, and flirty-text-John-and-Sherlock. By mentioning it, he has revealed what was always the truth: That they’re one and the same. And now that this truth has been revealed, it feels like they have to somehow acknowledge it.
“What are you talking about?”
He frowns. “I couldn’t,” he whispers.
Morning-John barely stifles a yawn and musses up his hair as he approaches, blinking a few times. “Oh, ‘morning, Greg.”
Sherlock notices that an absent-minded smile has spread across his face, mercifully hidden in the darkness of the taxi.
After about six or seven
“Oh, you think so?”
John sighs again and rolls his eyes, really not in the mood for Sherlock’s weird little schemes, but then freezes when he sticks his hand into the pocket of the blazer and pulls out a small, square box, almost identical to the one still in his own pocket.
We do. Sherlock is drenched. Even after the few seconds I was outside in the rain, my jacket and jeans are dripping, and my shirt underneath is damp.
I shake my head. “Do I look like I’m going anywhere?”
John stares from the box to Sherlock and back again. “W-wait,” he finally stammers. “You- you were going to…
They look at each other for a long moment, John bewildered, Sherlock beaming. “So, uhm,” says Sherlock after a while, his smile wavering slightly. “You do still want to marry me, don’t you?”
Sherlock meets Lestrade for a case. Lestrade tries to nudge Sherlock in the right direction (i.e. John's).
“Hello,” Sherlock says, mirroring her expression. “Yes, of course, I remember.”
boring, or at least, to a much lesser degree than anyone else Sherlock has ever met. He doesn’t like to admit that he
Nothing.
I don’t know how long we stand like that. When Sherlock finally speaks again, his voice is a little hoarse: “No one ever called me their best friend before.”
John is pleasantly confused by Sherlock's texting, although for a moment, he almost messes everything up.
Just then they hear Rosie cry out from upstairs.
John clears his throat. “This is Rosie. Say hi, Rosie?”
Sherlock nods, an uncomfortable grimace on his face.
“Hm, let’s see,” John smiles mischievously and slides his hands up the front of Sherlock’s shirt. “There were two things I wanted to do this morning. One was to cook you breakfast. The other was to drag you back to bed and… you know, shag you senseless. Not necessarily in that order.”
I can’t say that it doesn’t feel good to be held like this. Actually, I suddenly feel better than I have in a very long time. I slowly lift my arms as high as I can with his arms so tightly around me, and wrap them around his waist.
However, most of the results are about flirting in person. Still, he reads through some of them, cataloguing a few useful tips for later, when he might be confident enough to branch into that area.
“Well,” Lestrade says, looking like he’s about to leave, but lingering by the door. “You might want to look a little more closely.”
One night, a few days into the texting, John is woken at around 3 am by a screaming Rosie, who - as it turns out - has somehow managed to pee everywhere except, apparently, in her nappy. By the time he has gotten everything cleaned up, and convinced Rosie to go back to sleep, he finds himself back in his bed, just staring into the ceiling, unable to fall asleep.
I sigh and let myself sink into my armchair, rubbing my hands frustratedly over my face. What now? Should I just give him some space and wait for him to get back? Probably, but then another thought forms:
John stands frozen for several seconds. He did
I frown. I search his face, which he is clearly trying his best to keep calm and expressionless. But I do see a glimmer of pain behind his eyes. I take his still-outstretched hand and let him pull me up and off the ledge. We stand for a moment, uncomfortably close, before I let go of his hand and take a step back.
He looks at me with an odd expression, then nods and shuffles off towards his room. I run upstairs and throw on some dry clothes too, careful not to wake up Rosie.
When I have cried so much that there are no tears left, I force myself to stand and stagger to the bathroom. I avoid looking at myself in the mirror as I splash cold water on my face. I stand still for a while, holding on to the edge of the sink for dear life. The room seems to spin and blur around me, and I feel sick. I just have time to throw myself across the tiny bathroom and vomit violently and repeatedly into the toilet.
“Look, John, I wouldn’t worry about that. I think that Sherlock might have a bit of a… I don’t know - a blind spot, I guess? When it comes to you.”
This has been my life for the better part of two years. All in all: nothing happens to me anymore.
He finally looks up. “You seem tense, John.”
Then one morning, something does happen. I’m on my way to work when I pass a newsagent and catch a glimpse of a familiar face. I stop abruptly in the middle of Green Park tube station, causing a bit of a ruckus as grouchy morning commuters almost bump into me and are momentarily pulled out of their well-rehearsed routine as they are forced to move around me. I don’t really notice, though, because it really is Sherlock staring at me from the front pages of a number of different newspapers. “Sherlock Holmes Cleared!” one headline claims. Another reads “Deceased Detective Proven Innocent in Moriarty Case”. I am stunned. It appears that everybody else’s truth has finally caught up with mine, and I don’t quite know how to feel. I am happy, of course, that Sherlock may now finally be remembered the way he deserves to be. But it is also a sudden and stark reminder of what I’ve lost.
John helps look for more remains and listens patiently to his theories for another couple of hours, until Sherlock decides he has seen enough. He wants to head to the lab and look at the samples he has collected from the mummies. Strictly speaking, he
I don’t tell people that before I met him, nothing ever happened to me, and then suddenly
“Right.” He still isn’t moving.
When I press send on that last one, I feel a bit dizzy again. This is not how we usually talk. But it’s true. I do need him. Both now and in general.
I try calling him a few times, but he doesn’t pick up.
That last one throws me off. He’s never said or written anything like that before. I’ve honestly reached a point myself where I miss him so desperately that I’m almost ready to throw my own pride and sense of self-preservation overboard and just give in.
did, shall I? I grieved. For far longer than I probably should have. I wanted to move on; for a while I tried, but I couldn’t. Before I met you, I thought I was at rock bottom. You picked me up from there, and then proceeded to drop me even further down than I’d ever imagined I could get. I let myself become depressed. I let myself push everyone else away. In retrospect, I was probably a bit of an idiot for allowing myself to care so much about you.”
John looks up at Sherlock just in time to see him roll his eyes impatiently. “Yes, Lestrade. I suppose you’re a slightly better detective than I gave you credit for. You’ve found us out. Nice of you to stop by. Was there anything else?”
“Come on, Rosie, calm down,” John chants over and over again in the calmest voice he can muster. When it’s not working, he changes strategies. “Look, we’re almost home. Hey!” He stops abruptly, and squats down in front of the pushchair, facing the livid three-year-old, who is red in the face from screaming. “How about we have some juice when we get home, huh? Orange juice? And a snack?” The thought of a forthcoming afternoon snack seems to deflate her rage somewhat. Maybe she is just hangry?
John turns to look at him again. “What did you say?”
“Go change,” I say softly. “Wouldn’t want you to get pneumonia.”
“Good for you,” she says. “It’s definitely a step up from ‘the boring teacher’. That’s what you called me last time.”
“Oh.” The penny drops. “
He keeps writing until - as expected - he has a very long list of cons and a considerably shorter list of pros. He runs his eyes over the list. Logically, it seems clear that dating Sherlock would probably be a bad idea. Still, he can’t help but feel that the pros that he does have are significant enough that they sort of outweigh the cons. In other words: The list brings him no closer to making a decision, and only confirms that he is completely and utterly out of his depths, and yes, probably losing his mind.
of another text:
It takes us a while to get back to normal - or as normal as things can get when you’re living with a mad genius, who is also the world’s only consulting detective. But we do get there eventually.
The end. :)
John goes to help Sherlock with a case. Sherlock is being Sherlock.
John stares defiantly at his morning coffee, as if the list was
“But he can usually tell. Shitshitshit…” John is panicking. It’s all he can do to keep himself from hyperventilating.
“Okay? When can I see you again?” John frowns. There’s a pained expression on Sherlock’s face. He doesn’t answer, and he still won’t meet his eyes. “Sherlock? What’s going on?”
He grabs his violin and plays Chopin’s Nocturne in C Minor five times in a row to calm himself down. It doesn’t work. He wonders, not for the first time that evening, how ordinary people do this. How do they bear this onslaught of emotion and anticipation that threatens to tear him apart from the inside? And why do they all want this so badly? It’s agony.
He has, of course,
Sherlock finally looks up at him and frowns. “I’m not sure it would be wise. I need more data.”
“Sherlock? We’ll miss our reservations.” John pulls on his jacket and shoots a look over his shoulder. Sherlock is still staring into his microscope, not moving a muscle.
“Oh good, you’re here,” Lestrade actually does look relieved.
He sighs and tears the list from the notepad, folding it up and sticking it in the back pocket of his jeans, before going to check on Sherlock.
“Right… Since when do
“There is no way I am showing it to you.”
he thought quietly. "Everything will work out," he said quietly.
Sherlock kept looking at the Alpha behind the glass as the others were led out.
John gave a choked sob, leaning back into Sherlock's arms and resting his hand over one of Sherlock's. "I'm not ready yet. I'm not ready for war, Sherlock, I'm not. I'm not ready to be shot at and to do the shooting. I'm not ready to leave you." He turned around in Sherlock's arms, burying his face in the crook of the Omega's neck and clinging to him tightly.
Sherlock climbed up onto the bed, his arms winding around John easily now that he wasn't tied down with anything. He didn't squeeze anything, almost afraid that he was fragile, he'd been so...Sherlock didn't even like to think about that. He looked so much better now. He let out a breath, resting his head on John's chest and listened to the thrum beneath his ear. "Mm...I'm going to make sure you do them every day you're supposed to," he murmured, letting out a sigh. "I miss you too."
Sherlock shivered a little as John's fingers moved down his back, humming a small bit. "S'pose not," he murmured quietly. He sighed, his eyes shutting again.
“Are you implying that you are?”
After stripping out of his jeans, John again joined Sherlock on the bed, kissing his bare shoulder affectionately.
September 18
John stood and walked into the bathroom, turning the shower on as hot as it would go. He barely caught himself still dressed and stripped down before stepping in.
John hummed happily when Sherlock combed through his hair, a smile tilting his lips. He took a few steadied breaths, letting himself drift off a little further, until he was almost completely unconscious.
Sherlock sighed, "You know what I mean, you just did it too." he murmured, leaning up to kiss John, sucking on his bottom lip for a moment and nipping at it gently. "Your taste, just like your smell....can't ever get over it. How perfect it is...how I was lucky enough to get it back." he sighed a little, "It's safe, and you...and mine." he said with a soft smile.
Sherlock smirked a bit. "I'm sure just saying ‘Bart's’ would have sufficed," he said with a small smile. He kept his hand in John's, looking at him.
Sherlock's breath hitched a little as the inner part of his thigh was touched, biting on his lip a small bit. He hummed, blinking a couple times. "No... proved you right," he said breathlessly, his hips shifting a fraction. He hummed, feeling himself start to stiffen, hips moving again slightly.
Sherlock was trembling a little, not sure where the almost panicky feeling had come from. Out of nowhere, it would seem, but it was probably chemical imbalance, he rationalised, but that didn't make it go away, knowing what it was. He took gulping breaths, dry heaving a few times, though his toast was no longer in his stomach to toss up.
Still, that didn't mean John had to suffer right? Sherlock swallowed, shifting a small bit closer to John, letting him decide what to do from there.
John finally came awake at the smell of coffee, and he looked around to see a steaming cup set on a table beside his chair. Rubbing his eyes, he blinked blearily at the nurse standing on the other side of Sherlock's bed.
John smiled, ducking down on the cushions, getting ready to fall asleep when his stomach growled.
John bit his lip. "Shame. I was rather hoping to induce your heat tonight and fuck you breathless until you couldn't tell up from down. Perhaps another time," he said levelly, finishing with his clothes and making his way into the bathroom with his toiletries.
They had stopped because John couldn't go on anymore, and they knew that pushing him would kill him faster. They'd been holed up in this small cave for the last five days, Bill tending John's wounds and Stephen keeping watch at the mouth of the cave.
John looked over at his three people, his small but perfect pack. He sighed when he noticed how hot Sherlock was, but he wouldn't say anything, knowing that the hormones racing through him were simply familial now, and that they would eventually change to breeding hormones, and as much as he would want to not, Sherlock would forget about their pups for as long as it took to satisfy his biological needs. But still, it would be better to get the kids out before that happened.
John let out a small breath, curling up on his side and nuzzling against Katty's hair. "I love you both," he murmured softly, his eyes closing fully. It only took a few moments before he fell into a deep sleep, far past the point of dreaming for a long time.
John took a small breath, rubbing his cheek. Maybe he was just getting cabin fever, being stuck inside and forced in his bed and the hospital bed before that for so long. He didn't feel himself -- maybe he just needed to get outside. "Sure," he said with a small smile. "We can all go. Get some fresh air." They would have to bundle Hamish up, but he would be fine in a winter coat and a hat.
"You've still got a few years before that." he said softly, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to John's jaw, meeting John's lips when he tilted down his head. "Mmlove you." he murmured. "Even though you’re old," he said with a smirk.
Sherlock sighed. "I love you too," he said, leaning against John and resting his head on his shoulder. They were quiet for a little while, Sherlock curled up on John's lap. "Well... I ruined this, didn't I?" he asked, leaning up to kiss John's neck gently, and up his jaw.
"You're tensing up again," John murmured, moving his hands up to rub softly over his shoulders and neck. "She can feel that; you need to relax." He leant forward, pressing his lips to the corner of Sherlock's jaw. "You're worried, aren't you? About her. About having her." He closed his eyes, resting his forehead on Sherlock's shoulder. "It's alright, love. I'm worried too. But we'll get through it."
"You don't have to thank me," John whispered, stroking his free hand through the Omega's hair, though the position was a little awkward for himself. "Don't blame the drugs; the drugs are helping," he teased gently, continuing to hold Sherlock possessively.
"Thank you," John murmured, brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'm going to need to run to the store soon. We're in need of groceries. I'm assuming you're going to stay here and continue thinking?" he asked, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock's forehead, nuzzling against his hairline.
John groaned, kissing Sherlock back fiercely, sucking hard on his tongue. He ground against Sherlock's hips, circling Sherlock's entrance with his finger. "God, you're already so wet for me," he purred, nipping at Sherlock's lips until they were red and swollen.
"I'll see you soon." Mindy pulled away, stepping back beside Harry. "Love you both."
"Th-thank you, Mrs W- ...erm, Mindy," Sherlock said a little awkwardly, attempting to settle more into the sofa.
John chuckled, picking up his fried egg sandwich and starting on it. Of course Sherlock would have already looked into schools, would have already done essentially a background check on the teachers. "Alright, we'll stop by them first then," he said, putting on a smile and a worry-free face for Kat.
"Don't listen to your daddy," he teased, kissing her cheek and smiling as she laughed and proceeded to wipe her drool over his chin. "I think drooling is cute."
He didn't say it out loud.
He stood up then, taking Sherlock's hand and tugging him up. "We ought to go get dressed, so that when she comes down, we're ready."
Sherlock hummed in agreement. "Yeah, feel a bit better," he said with a nod. He looked over at John. "Not quite what you were expecting coming home though, I'm sure. You ever wish you were back there?" he asked softly, knowing he was just causing trouble for John. At least there you knew more about your enemy, and you had everyone around you working for the same thing.
Sherlock sighed, feeling John's hands on his arms. He hummed softly, his shivering lessening after a while. He swallowed thickly, leaning more against John as he fell unconscious, breathing steadily, head leaning back over John's arm.
John had lain down while Sherlock was calling, and now he rolled over to curl up against him. He rested his hand lightly over Sherlock's bump, running his thumb over it. "Thanks," he murmured, kissing above Sherlock's collar. "You're lucky this isn't something contagious, or I'd be sleeping on the couch and would make you stay away from me."
----------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock shook, sobbing continuously. Eventually, though, his sobs died down, and he hiccupped occasionally, gulping breaths of John's scent as if drinking it down. He shuddered, exhausted after about half an hour of crying. Eventually he tried to retreat to his head, but he fell asleep before he had the opportunity.
John growled, pressing his hips down against Sherlock's, pinning him to the bed with them. "Don't move your arms," he instructed, nipping at Sherlock's lips and wondering just how well Sherlock felt like listening as he worked off the Omega's trousers and pants.
Sherlock looked down at his soup as if studying it intently. He didn't know why the idea of John leaving was so.... unappealing. And that was before Sherlock started calculating the statistical likelihood that John was shot... and killed.
"I'll go with you," Sherlock said again. "And whenever you go again," he murmured quietly. He wanted to be there for John. There were few instances in which he felt he could.
Sherlock sighed, sitting down and humming a little when John lined the seat with pillows, taking the pressure off his back. He sighed, looking at John. "Hard to relax when you feel like something's about to burst out of you... Christ…" he breathed, tilting his head back for a moment, trying to do so.
Sherlock nodded a little, taking the plate and lifting the bowl off of it, holding it in his hands, which were usually always cold.
John smiled, kissing the top of Katherine's head when she was close. He’d noticed the sniffle as well - they'd have to give her medicine when she got home. He leant over against Sherlock, looking down at the packages on their laps and then up at his mother.
"Jesus," John panted, bracing himself up with one hand and lining himself up with the other. He didn't waste any time, sinking slowly into Sherlock, who was slicker than he had ever been. "I've got you, love," John promised, which seemed to be all he could say. He moaned a little as he sunk in all the way, resting there for a moment before he pulled back and quickly snapped his hips, starting a brutal rhythm that was probably going to leave both of them bruised, but right now he didn't care.
Sherlock pressed another kiss to John's neck. "Always." he murmured quietly.
John took the painkillers with a quick drink of water, eating a banana as well so that there would be something in his stomach to help the pills work. He wandered back into the living room after, lifting Katherine up and setting her on his lap as soon as he had sat down. "Oh, the Hobbit," John said with a smile, taking the book from her and smiling to himself. "Would you like me to read it to you, or do you want to try?" he asked quietly.
John furrowed his brow at the obvious discomfort coming from Sherlock.
John stopped when they reached the cafe, holding the door open for Sherlock and following behind. John walked up to the counter, ordering a hot Italian sandwich for himself and then glancing over at Sherlock, waiting for him to order. "You have to eat something," he said, nudging him in the ribs.
John stiffened on the bed, scenting the air. Beta, Alpha,
"You're gorgeous," John murmured huskily, gazing up at Sherlock.
John tried to resist when he was dragged from the room, wanting
John chuckled at Sherlock's logic, though it made sound sense to him. "I love you," he murmured, gently lifting Sherlock's head so that he could kiss him slowly and languidly. "I didn't know what love really was until I met you," he said quietly, his lips moving against Sherlock's, breathing in his air and giving his own to Sherlock.
Sherlock felt his ears warm a little, and he looked down at his mug, though he couldn't help the corners of his mouth from quirking up a little. He leant a bit more against John, bringing his feet up onto the sofa after toeing off his shoes. He wouldn't dare put those on the furniture in front of John's mother. "But you did date though... didn't you?" he asked, tilting his head up to look at John.
Sherlock smiled. "Now you see what I had to deal with," he said with a smirk.
"Come here, Katty. I think you're getting a cold," John murmured, avoiding the question. He leant down and kissed the top of Katherine's head when she walked forward, setting his hand against her forehead.
, his doctor's mind supplied, but John brushed it off.
"Sorry." John immediately stopped, unsure if distracting was a good or bad thing, and rested his hand on Sherlock's shoulder instead.
Sherlock let out a breath. It wasn't just his throat that hurt though, and he doubted a bit of milk would make his side stop hurting. Still, he took another mouthful of the milk, then another, setting his head back and licking his lips again.
"I said he left you something, not that he got you something," John corrected, walking down the hall. "And you might want this." He stepped into the living room, a little shocked at how much had been done. Shaking his head, he walked over to the coffee table and picked up the watch, holding it flat out on his palm towards Sherlock.
Sherlock leant his head against John's as he scented his neck. "Mm love you too..." he said. "Always... both of you," he breathed.
John held onto Sherlock until the cab stopped, then he nudged him into a sitting position and paid the fair, hopping out of the cab and waiting for Sherlock on the pavement. He took his hand, squeezing it as he led the way inside.
Sherlock almost hissed at John when he went after the pineapple, nudging his hand away and stabbing the chunk himself. "No, I don't," he quipped. "Katherine does apparently," he said, stabbing up a bite of chicken and the fruit. A month or two ago he'd already be full, but he was amazingly still eating.
John shook his head, not reaching up to rub his throat, which is what instinct was telling him to do. "It's fine, love, it's alright," he murmured, reaching out for Sherlock's hand. He didn't even realise that he had called him 'love,' too concerned for his well-being. "Nightmare?" he asked quietly, moving his hand up to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
John caught Sherlock's stare and rolled his eyes, but he picked up his fork and started eating none the less. He chewed his food slowly, not really hungry but knowing he needed food. And the pasta was good, he had to admit.
. He’s spent years vehemently denying being gay, but at this point, his feelings for Sherlock are so obvious to him that he figures gender and sexuality won’t really matter anymore, if it really comes down to it.
“Alright there, John?” There’s a soft thud as Greg sets something down in front of him. John looks up. Coffee. Thank God.
“No, it’s okay,” he says, looking a bit embarrassed. Our eyes meet for a moment that seems to last longer than it ought to, but luckily, we’re both pulled out of it by the thin whisp of smoke and sort of toxic smell being emitted from the contents of one of the broken test tubes as it comes into contact with the table. “Better get that cleaned up, though,” he adds. “Just in case.”
So, he opens his laptop to do some research (he solved the mummy case already, and left the infiltration and apprehension of the smuggling gang that was behind it to the police, and the new case that Lestrade has asked him to look into seems rather tedious and requires him to look through an odious number of old cold cases, but he felt like he owed Lestrade a favour for telling him about John - there it is again, the caring lark, ruining his life. In short: He welcomes the distraction).
Dopamine. Oxytocin. Serotonin. John.
“Really? That was nice of him.” He turns to look at John. “Hi,” he says with the kind of fond smile that he reserves for John alone, softly brushing his fingers against the inside of John’s wrist and tugging gently at the edge of his sleeve. John smiles back and has to forcibly pull himself out of the spell that Sherlock, as so often before, threatens to put him under.
“It’s Greg!” Lestrade calls feebly after him, but he is already out the door.
They miss their reservations.
. They’ll have that concerned look in their eyes, they’ll pat me gently on the arm. They’ll pity me. I don’t want their pity, or their concern. I refuse to be “that poor John Watson”. The people who did know Sherlock pity me most of all, I think. They’re probably all thinking that there is no way Sherlock felt this strongly about me. That he didn’t feel this strongly about anybody. I hope that isn’t true, but I can’t really bring myself to care. I just don’t want them to look at me like I’m a wounded animal. So, I’ll straighten myself up and put on a brave face and keep my feelings on the inside like a good Englishman. That really isn’t that hard to do - I’ve had plenty of practise.
John’s smile turns a little sheepish. “Uh, yeah.” He runs his free hand through his hair once more.
It's the morning after. It all seems perfect, until Sherlock discovers something that makes him doubt everything.
Now, when people ask me to describe my flatmate, it’s not hard anymore.
okay.
Sherlock sighs. Why do people always ask him to explain the most trivial and obvious things? “I have carefully observed and mapped his sleeping pattern for years. He was at the pub last night – with you, I believe – and Rosie is at Molly's. Assuming he is following his regular sleeping pattern, and hasn't set an alarm clock, he won’t be waking up for at least another hour. So as I said: No point.”
I retrieve my hand - letting it slide down Sherlock’s chest, not entirely willing to give up the physical contact yet. His hand stays on the small of my back, though, and I realise I don’t mind.
After a few more minutes, I try another text:
Greg laughs. “I suppose you’re right; he is a bit of an outlier. So you’re confused?”
Greg raises an eyebrow. Then he grabs a pen and places it on top of a pad of lined paper, which he then pushes across the table to John.
“Right.” Lestrade says again, then pauses, looking like he wants to say something, but is considering carefully whether or not he should. Sherlock sends him an impatient glare, prompting Lestrade to spill it: “Well, maybe you could make a list?”
something. Tell me.”
Sherlock still isn’t moving, doesn’t even reach out to receive the jacket from John’s outstretched hand.
“Oh, shit, I’m sorry,” I say. “I didn’t mean to startle you. I hope that wasn’t anything too…”
Sherlock has moved back into our old flat - luckily, Mrs Hudson hadn’t been able to bring herself to let it to anyone else, so everything still is as we left it.
He scrutinises Sherlock for another moment before he leaves. Despite his categorical dismissal of Lestrade, Sherlock is feeling utterly puzzled. It can’t be true, can it? Is Lestrade just messing with him? Is it some kind of joke? Maybe retaliation for…
“Well, yes. We are.”
Pupil dilation is slightly easier to observe, although he can’t very well be staring into John’s eyes constantly either - that would surely be noticeable as well. Also, dilated pupils, similarly, could be caused by other factors, such as changes in light (obviously), antihistamines (it’s June, and John has been known to be slightly allergic to grass) and other types of medicine (he doesn’t know exactly what - if any - medicines John takes. Should probably investigate further). Also, recent studies seem to indicate that the correspondence between pupil dilation and sexual attraction may only apply to adult males when looking at women, and not when looking at other men, regardless of physical attraction.
Sherlock is no closer to figuring out if John really “likes” him, as Lestrade claimed (he may or may not have been enjoying himself so much that he forgot to pay attention - not good!), but he has once again managed to confirm that
