, who else-“
“I agree.”
“He might not even care. He doesn’t need you anymore, Sherlock.“
SHERLOCK
But he wasn’t there at the moment. Sherlock needed him more than ever before, but he was alone and feeling as lonely as he haven’t felt in ages. He knew that nothing that could possibly happen would pull him out of this misery but perhaps a warm cup of tea with a spoon of honey would at least ease his mind a little. So he headed toward the kitchen to put on the kettle and prepare the mug.
. How come you didn’t know, how could you fail as horribly as this if it’s not you who’s behind this ploy?“
I was never going to miss the opportunity.
“You still need a proof?“
The usual. They break in without being seen, take the money, disappear like smoke. It's becoming an ugly routine.
Why, I was a part of it.
“Sherlock, it was just a nightmare, look at me,
, John, my inbox is
“Right. My sincerest apologies.” John's laugh is contagious enough to make the corners of Sherlock's lips tug upwards again. Two can play this game though.
Before John’s allowed to raise any objection, Sherlock quickly strips off his coat and drapes it over John’s shoulders, much to his shock.
SHERLOCK
“I am sorry, I am truly sorry,“ Sherlock whispered, softly pecking John’s cheek. “It’s okay now – no, stop giving me that look, John - yes, we jeopardised the entire operation, blew our cover, accidentally broke a couple of sculptures worth thousands of pounds and... well, thanks to us, three surprisingly skilful professional thieves have disappeared without a trace, but… on the bright side, we’re here, we’re safe and together. That’s all that matters, right, John?“
Unbeknown to Sherlock, John has also made a deduction of his own. Noticing how much Sherlock loves to be teased and, above all,
SHERLOCK
“Is everything alright?“ She asked, gaze falling suspiciously upon Sherlock.
John's smile drops as well. He takes a step forward.
John can’t even avert his eyes to check Sherlock’s expressions. It is mesmerising to watch his chest rising and falling so heavily as he pants with pleasure, ice cube in John’s hand leaving wet traces behind and so making Sherlock’s alabaster skin glisten beautifully, almost as if he was bathing in the silver moonlight.
was wrong, not you,“ he admitted, lifting his gaze. “You were right. I wasn’t honest with you, I wasn’t fine, God, not at all. I
, for Sherlock believes that revealing the truth and confessing his feelings would irrevocably ruin whatever it is between them.
John stares in horror.
I need you to know you're loved. More than you can imagine.
“You don’t have to be ashamed just because you had a nightmare, Sherlock.“ John pulled the other man closer, drawing a gasp out of Sherlock’s throat. “I hope you had no more bad dreams at night. Do you feel better now?“ he asked, glaring at Sherlock from under now half-opened lashes.
of it.“
No, no, don't close your eyes. Look at me, love, please...
“B-but... You haven't even heard all of it.”
Whether it was a good idea or not, John couldn’t tell, but as soon as the music faded off he let go off Sherlock’s hand and immediately reached to cradle his face instead.
Kidding around is a luxury we can't afford under current circumstances. Sir, this has been the third heist in three weeks. They're making us look like incompetent fools. Not to mention we don't even know who they actually are.
John opens his mouth to retort, then suddenly... freezes. “Wait...”
of this,” John retorted and stepped forward, clenching his left fist.
On Mrs. Hudson, bewildered.
Sherlock... Sherlock, can you hear me? Look at me, it's okay now, it's me, just me - John. You're safe here.
“You see, John, it wasn’t sentiment that made me choose this place,“ Sherlock whispers once after Angelo disappears.
“Will you not answer it?“ Sherlock knitted his eyebrows, leaning forward to have a look at the name that had been flashing on the screen. John merely growled at the device, evidently angry he’d been interrupted in such a fashion. The universe seemed to be putting another obstacle in his way, almost like a sign, although one John refused to take seriously.
Sherlock smiles at John. He wavers for a moment, as if considering something. His face turns a bit more serious.
But John didn’t promise him anything. There was still a sparkle in his eyes, a little glimmer of hope, but since Sherlock didn’t offer him any explanation, it soon died down like a flame blown off the candle. He just shook his head in a quiet disbelief and returned back to his seat, disappointed and maybe, from Sherlock’s point of view at least, even hurt.
“Yeah, okay, fine,“ John nodded. “But don’t you think I am angry at you because of that, Sherlock. Your needs and comfort is what is much more important than the fact that I had been starving for sex with you for so long. I don’t care if it takes years till you gather enough confidence, I
, John.“
SHERLOCK
MRS. HUDSON
had told you yesterday before fleeing like a coward had been true. Because I was in a bad place, miserable and therefore not able to think clearly. And you were right, I told you already. The point I am trying to make is that... Mary is the same. I suspect she's afraid, and so desperate so she’s accidentally making you feel bad.“
SHERLOCK
Points at the picture on the front. One of the London banks.
“The same one then? I can’t imagine a more perfect piece of music, if I have to be honest, it’s your best-hey, why are you giggling?“
in the first place. He'd seen him die. He'd seen him jump off the roof with his very own eyes. He'd seen the pool of blood, he'd tried to take Sherlock's pulse but his heart had been beating no more. He'd been to the funeral, mourned his death, for
CUT TO:
There's a thud, off screen - Sherlock slamming the door shut as he retreats to his bedroom.
I take that as a yes.
a lie, Sherlock. All of it. And then I saw my face in the mirror and I
MRS. HUDSON
“I did it to protect you,” he finally managed to reply, but to no avail. John refused to listen.
hope you didn't forget to bring trunks this time.”
SHERLOCK
He stole my phone.
She turns back to John, her face softens again.
SHERLOCK
People will talk.
“Oh no, I know
A family? You, me and... the child you lied about?
“There's
“That’s a fairly ridiculous statement,” Sherlock objects. “Last night for instance...We talked for hours on end.”
“Stupid, yes. Dull. Annoying. Obnoxious.
John? John, is that you? Tell me you'll alright... I was... I was getting worried.
There was no reply coming from the other side, Sherlock could hear nothing but rather an annoying cacophony of whirring and fizzling for a couple of seconds, but Mycroft didn’t let him wait for too long. “What for?“
John himself had troubles fighting a groan at the sight in front of him. He couldn’t avert his gaze from Sherlock’s beaming face, water dripping fast down his red cheeks and lips still spread into a huge, provocative grin.
to make me blush?”
Sherlock was still walking back and forth across the room; at first he didn’t notice that John had stepped in. But John didn’t even mind. There wasn’t anything more enjoyable than watching Sherlock while he was so entirely absorbed in work; it was truly a remarkable sight. He was on fire, possessing an immense amount of energy, like a hurricane ready to blow down everything standing in its way.
Just as Sherlock predicted, the ever so familiar chime announces the elevator's arrival. As soon as the door opens, Harrington steps out of the cabin and heads in their direction, his gait rather slow but purposeful. John risks a glance over his shoulder but manages to turn away again before the man catches him looking.
Sherlock’s face split into a huge grin, he seemed to be attempting to reply but in the end, he burst into shy giggles and John soon joined him, finally releasing even the last remnants of tension.
, he was raging and furious. He had wanted nothing more but to have Sherlock back but once Sherlock did show up and nonchalantly announced that he had bloody faked his death, John felt... betrayed.
John reached for Sherlock’s arm, but his hand froze in air once he changed his mind and pulled back. He was angry with himself in that moment. So angry and even frightened of himself that he’d willingly punch himself in face. After moments of relief that Sherlock had not given up on him despite being confronted with his sincerest feelings, he screwed up again only days later and in quite a colossal way.
Sherlock shrugs, his thumb absently circling around the rim of his, still full, glass. “You did look like you're in dire need of a drink. I could tell before you said anything.”
Sherlock seems to be a tad confused though.
It took them a while. Climbing up the stairs was something John realised would be a little problematic in the next few days. It didn’t hurt, the wound was completely healed after all, but it was exhausting, and, as Sherlock already pointed out, the limp was once again causing John little trouble walking. Sherlock however started panicking as soon as they reached the fourth step without even asking John why he was slowing down.
“Please don’t, Sherlock,“ John sniffed. “Just don’t think about it,
“We don’t have to if-“
,“ John pleaded but Sherlock stood idly, averting his eyes.
, you’ve always been and always will be, John. And I’ve
What do you want?
“You...you were in danger,” Sherlock gulped, desperate to save the situation, despite being fully aware of the futility of his efforts. “If I didn't do what Moriarty had asked me to... his men would have... I did it for you, John.”
“You were eyeing that particular picture in the menu for at least ten seconds before you moved onto another which you merely frowned upon. And besides, we’ve been living together for over two years, I kind of know your tastes by now.”
“Why, it was… good, John,“ Sherlock clears his throat, acting as nonchalantly as he’s capable of, still refusing to confess that he’d definitely wouldn’t mind some more. “Really, nothing particularly… special.“
(embarrassed)
Oh, I almost forgot. He must have got a very important call because he stormed out of the flat and let me tell you, Sherlock, he looked very distressed.
… whatever is that supposed to involve. I just-“
“Sh-Sherlock, we really don’t need to do this right now, you’re-“
“Don’t you?“
, Sherlock concludes.
“Believe me or not, John, I enjoyed the awfully short time we spent on the beach
. Appearance-wise at least...
SHERLOCK
I should have packed a bottle of your favourite.”
In front of the door behind which they found their
I got the impression that you never wanted to see her again.
“No... No, I am afraid not.”
Wider: Rather a busy London street. An apartment block. John and Sherlock, standing in front of one of the doors. Waiting.
Wicked smile crossed Mary’s face as she backed away a little, gun still aiming at her target. Both John and Sherlock thought that she’s about to finally give up, but there were no boundaries she wasn't willing to cross. She had nothing to lose.
realise this was a gift right?“
John's face turns rather serious, his smile slightly drops. He so want to answer. Can't. Doesn't. Averts his eyes.
You know what I think about crime shows, John.
Breakfast?
London skyline - dawn.
Sherlock but smiles in response to John’s nonplussed expression, which in turn brings a huge grin to John’s face. It doesn’t take long before they’re both once again giggling like a pair of lovesick teenagers...
“Sherlock, wait, wait-“ John giggled once drawing back an inch. Sherlock was smiling so hard against his lips that it was simply useless to keep pretending that what they were doing was actually kissing.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
You know you had no choice. Lying to him wouldn't make it any easier, sooner or later he'd learn the truth anyway.
were acting like a dick?“ Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, his voice raspy, almost gravelly, words leaving his throat so sluggishly as if he was talking in sleep. He might have as well caught something nasty out there. Or maybe he just still couldn’t believe the miracle in front of his very eyes.
Oi! Will someone,
“So you’ve been eavesdropping on us since the start?“
“You missed me...“
“Are you trying to suggest that John is going to die? Because if
“Anyway,“ Sherlock cleared his throat. “I am quite frankly glad that you’re not really delighted with what I’ve done to the place,“ he glanced around the room, hands wildly gesticulating in the air.
“Now, seriously, Sherlock,” John nudges him again, trying to stifle his giggles and keep his voice low. “Are you sure you’ve thought this through?”
“Just - just what?“ John wavered for a couple of short moments, shocked by such a stark change in Sherlock's behaviour. He was approaching Sherlock so heedfully as if he was a small, frightened fawn he could accidentally startle if he hadn’t been cautious enough. Sherlock himself felt as such, staring wide-eyed at John who just kneeled down next to his chair.
(bites his lip)
SHERLOCK
“Sherlock, come on,“ John raised from the chair, approaching Sherlock but keeping the reasonable distance since Mycroft was still present. “You know very well that I don’t want her to be free as much as you don’t but… don’t you think it’s time to retreat? I know that trying to reason with you is pretty much useless but for a thousandth time –
telling the truth even though he doesn't know the whole of it.
“You have all the time in the world, John.”
VICAR
afraid of?“
What?! When?
“What's
“John? You- you’re awake.“
Ms. Ronder is not possessed, Mrs. Merrilow. She's... hurt.
SHERLOCK
Mary's hand begins to tremble slightly.
Absolutely.
-So now, if you will, I ask you to say your wedding vows.
A belated revenge. For what I found in her phone. Compromising material, to put it mildly. Seems she's finally realised who'd informed the police about her illegal activities.
POLICE OFFICER (CONT'D)
, in fact, thinking exactly the same thoughts...
Sherlock frowns, bewildered, can't compute.
(to Sherlock)
John chuckles. Finally, anxiety seems to be disappearing. But surely not thanks to the tequila.
“This lofty nurse here won’t let me in, Mycroft,“ he lamented. If he was a little child he would surely put his foot down but even as an adult he wasn’t very far from it.
(upset)
. You said I can trust her, I don't know why, but I don’t, I can’t do this any longer. What even is the point when – when I… Sherlock, I…
You have to pick me up and carry over the threshold. Bridal style. It's a tradition.
“I know you think that all these precautions we took are completely unnecessary,“ he piped up once they were comfortably cuddled in each other’s arms, “but we can actually profit from this situation.“
Both his hands clench, clinging to the headboard now and so tightly so his knuckles turn pale in an instant, but he can only hardly notice the numbness. Sherlock’s tongue is hot and firm, hungrily tasting on the fast leaking pre-come, twisting around the head each time Sherlock reaches the tip again, a trick John fell in love with, but it’s once again Sherlock’s gravelly voice reverberating in his chest that makes John sees the stars and moan louder than ever. That and the sight of his cock buried entirely inside Sherlock’s mouth.
, but-“
“Yup.”
“I-I don’t even know,“ Sherlock admitted. “I am sorry, John, I didn’t intend to fall asleep here like this, I-“
Well, good morning, sleepyhead.
(A beat, he sighs)
Once he returns it is not only a plate full of meal he lays on the table. At the sight of the candle in front of them Sherlock rolls his eyes but to his surprise John doesn’t complain. Right opposite.
(whispers)
“Something along those lines, yes, you did, but are we not going to-”
John's panting, blinking weakly at Sherlock.
His eyes meet Sherlock's. They're giggling now, pulling each other into a sloppy over-the-table kiss. But it doesn't last for too long because Sherlock - overexcited he is - is already grabbing John's hand again. Hand in hand, they burst out of the restaurant.
“To be entirely honest.... this is
SHERLOCK
MRS. HUDSON (CONT'D)
On Sherlock - at this, he slowly turns to look at the door, almost regretfully. Finally, he allows himself to cry again.
I... I didn't mean to imply-
Sherlock opened his mouth but no sounds were leaving at first.
This time there's a longer pause.
From behind Lestrade, Bonnie emerges, wearing a bow tie and carrying a box in her mouth. She walks up to Sherlock, sits.
John gazes at her for a moment, upset, heart breaking for Sherlock. Takes a moment to process the information, then finally gives a small nod.
“You’re right,“ he said at last, at first hesitating but then turning back to Sherlock whose eyes were already glassy despite his best endeavour to keep them dry .
Uttering no words, John nods, biting down on his lip.
“It's
I can imagine a few other things I could eat tonight.
Of course. Of course I'll tell him.
Sherlock, still gazing at her.
SHERLOCK
MRS. MERRILOW
What's wrong?
How could you know? Don't you see what he's done to my face? I am bound to forever hide from the entire world, even myself. Caged inside my own flat, like an animal...
“That... that
People have begun to gather around, having a look at the scene.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at him, clearly expecting
-Sherlock - facing away, hasn't noticed John noticed.
“John is happy, Sherlock,“ Mary uttered as if she wasn’t even listening to him, as it was a fact. “Why would you try to destroy it by infecting his mind with things he could live on his life without even knowing? If I am not going to stop you and you tell him the truth, it will be
John, looks at him. Quirks an eyebrow.
(he cuts her off)
“Well, she wasn’t wrong, was she?“ Sherlock giggled but then his smiled turned upside down once again. “But I reckon that Mrs Hudson is not what you want to talk about right now?“ he asked, fists clenching in anticipation of what was inevitable to come.
“Sherlock-“
, he curses under his breath.
Yes, still in the hospital.
“If you’re feeling tired we should go back home,“ he adds quickly, averting his eyes.
John slouched back against the cushion, his jaw hanging open in amazement. “So… you’ve convinced me to stay with her just because you thought that
“I will wait for as long as there’s a need, Sherlock,“ John said once breaking the kiss. “I asked just because I wasn’t entirely sure- with you I can never know,“ he tittered. “Yes, I admit that you’re driving me crazy and I often think about you in the way I am sincerely ashamed of-“
My voice? What did I say?
Check your pocket.
me in the most disgusting way imaginable?“
I see you're not using the headphones I got you for Christmas, are you? John and I would appreciate that.
. It’s always him. Always been, always will.
A beat. He types another one: Please tell me it has nothing to do with... Her.
“Really, John, really?“ Sherlock lilted before pressing his lips against John’s. “So making me laugh so hard I can’t breathe, that’s not cheating?“
On John, abashed, he lowers his eyes.
“Arrogant little prick, your boyfriend,“ the man in the front seat grumbled, staring scornfully at Sherlock’s receding silhouette. At first he thought he must’ve misheard but the quite repulsed look on the driver’s face was enough to prove that John had indeed heard everything right and clear.
A beat. John smiles. Besotted.
One and a half million.
“Well, err... Is Harrington still watching?”
who should be sleeping, John,“ he pointed out, hoping that John won’t ask any more questions.
“Nice, isn’t it?”
“Then pull off my shirt.“
Sherlock whimpers and writhes beneath John, arching his back, desperate for more contact but John gives him the opposite of what he wants. He breaks the kiss, grasping his waist so he can keep him steady in one place instead.
mean all of it?“ he sobs.
“What's going on here?” John asks through gritted teeth, but his voice is almost creepily calm. Putting the glasses on the table, he takes a step toward Marco, who, however, doesn't seem to be intimidated in the slightest.
“And?“
“Is it?“ John scowled, his hand freezing over the small of Sherlock’s back.
DR. MASON
No reaction.
- we hear a doorbell ring.
... to wallow in self pity,“ John continues, choking back one sob after another. “I hate myself for acting like a bloody bastard, ungrateful for the miracle that happened. But I feel so… so weak and lost and empty inside, I can’t bring myself to be the strong, solid man I once was. Not after what happened. I wish I could stop feeling like a monster but hell, I even
Sherlock shrugs. “Possibly.“
forgive you this.“
with me, Sherlock?”
Neither Sherlock nor John could believe the words that had been just spoken. John blinked a few times in utter confusion and Sherlock was just sitting there silently for a moment, fiddling with his fingers, heat building up in his cheeks and chest.
SHERLOCK
“That it was. And, trust me, it's
“What are you doing, John?“ Sherlock drops his voice, trying his best to not gawk at John’s lips hovering a mere couple of inches from his.
John chuckles at the absurdity of that sentence.
John comes to a freezing halt, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock. “
“Sherlock, wait, I didn’t mean to insult you.“ It was a poor attempt to stop him, but John had no idea how to do it any other way.
“Don’t be ashamed,“ Sherlock stroked his arm.
Back on the vicar.
“So you
“Why?“ Sherlock’s jaw clenched. His mind has been clogged with false assumptions and surmises, suddenly the idea of his own brother deceiving him like this wasn’t even as preposterous as it could seem at first.
But the police... They'll never-
Throwing another, a little awkward smile, she walks out of the room. As if nothing happened.
Sherlock in his bed, practically hypnotising the screen of his phone.
One thing's for sure though, it has to
“Come now, John. You didn’t think I would leave without you, did you?”
making fun of you. Just one another proof that you are a human.“
His hand was now laying just an inch away from John’s but he still hesitated. What if John was going to wake up and yell at Sherlock, what if he didn’t even want to see him? Just because he asked for him, didn’t mean he’d appreciate his presence, Sherlock thought to himself. He was close from panicking but in the end he decided that it must be worth the risk, what if he’s never again going to have such an opportunity. So his fingers shuffled over the sheet and at first he brushed the back of John’s hand only lightly, so lightly that even if John was awake he probably wouldn’t even notice. Nevertheless, this mere contact set all the cells inside of Sherlock’s body on fire, all of a sudden he felt like he was doing something so indecent that his hand jerked backwards in an instant, as if he just touched something thorny.
John?
John just throws one of his devastating smirks at him and without a word disappears into the bathroom. Sherlock watches after him but doesn't follow until he can hear the shower running.
the same ones.
“He- John saved my life.“
things yesterday,” John mumbles into the pillow.
“...Nothing at all?” John snorts.
do that, that he should keep bottling up the feelings he has for Sherlock. He's always feared he would lose him if he told him how he
. John has just spotted Harrington in the doorway and to say that it has ruined his already miserable mood even more, would be an understatement.
John could hardly supress an urge to laugh. “First of all,
“D-do-do what?“
“Is that all what you’ve got?“ Mary broke the silence, shifting a little closer with her hand still hovering in the air.
Sherlock bites down on his lip, toying with a few ideas, then looks back at John. “Kiss me.”
MS. RONDER
much of a shocking revelation, but you know, it made me realise something very important. At first I thought I will have to hoard more evidence to convince me but as it turns out none of that is needed anymore. John, it’s all going to be different from now on, don’t you think?“
“He’s been sitting here for
, John.“
“My God, Sherlock-“ John blushed, averting his eyes, but Sherlock caught him off guard, pecking his cheek ever so lightly.
this time.“
Sadly, I can't promise the same to you, Sherlock.
Why are you doing all this?
John nods, heads toward the door.
A beat. Then finally, John perceives, hurries to put the engagement ring on Sherlock's left ring finger. His hands are shaking a little, it's a huge moment.
(frowns, disappointed)
On John: Turns to look at Sherlock. His eyes go to Sherlock's hands clasped in his lap, clenching, fingers drumming. Nervous.
“Sorry,“ John breathed out, taken back by his own words but not regretting them. Right opposite actually. “I-I needed to say that myself,“ he admitted, corners of his lips turning into a soft smile.
Sherlock blinked, barely registering John’s words. “So – so you’re not
“Discuss what?”
(his voice begins to tremble)
Oh, yes, you could put it that way.
I feel better after all. Obviously. You can believe me this time, I swear. You trust me, right? Your - your presence here makes
“Not me,“ John shook his head. “But the gentlemen you’ve not so gently kicked out of the flat today-“
“Nothing. You’ll think I am stupid.“
Now go home. Get some sleep.
“No, no, no, don’t apologise,“ Sherlock flapped his hand. “I-I am just confused, I don't get
and... I have no idea how we're going to explain
Silence descends. They gaze into each other's eyes for a moment, as if trying to read each other's mind, when suddenly at the same time, they begin to lean closer, closer...
JOHN (CONT'D)
John. There was a time when I thought I was unworthy of being loved. But then something happened. You. You have walked into my life and you saved it. And ever since that moment, you've loved, trusted and supported me, unconditionally... Do you... Do you remember the very first words I have ever said to you? Allow me to repeat them: Thank you. Thank you for being my home, my light, my compass. Thank you for being there for me through good and bad. I swear to you, John, my love, I will always be there for you too. I love you.
John finds his heart hammering in his ears, so loudly so Sherlock's words nearly get lost in the noise. Without as much as uttering another word, John steals himself one more peck before taking Sherlock’s hand and finally,
So he just sat there, watching, examining John, the way his chest was raising and falling back as he breathed so serenely in his sleep, he observed his face, trying to figure out what he was dreaming about. He purposefully avoided looking at his torso wrapped in bandages; because if he spent another minute reminding himself of what happened he was sure he’d start bawling so out loud that it would wake up John. And that was not anything Sherlock was aiming for.
“Sherlock, I am perfectly capable of operating a kettle myself,“ John grumbles, crossing his arms as he watches Sherlock ever so carefully pouring hot water into his mug.
“Cherry praline,“ Sherlock hums, identifying the right taste so fast it makes John laugh again. “And, very obviously... dark
“I want to see him anyway.“
Absolutely. As a matter of fact...
of what is a relationship supposed to offer?“ John asked in a half-whisper, his brow furrowed as if he was afraid of his own words. “Sherlock, look, I know that technically we’ve been a couple for just a very short period of time, but my point is that- can you imagine - in the future of course- having a-“
“Then enlighten me.“ John crossed his arms, risking stepping toward Sherlock again. Sherlock mirrored his position but remained standing in the spot.
“What are you talking about?“ Sherlock frowned. “Jealous?“
SHERLOCK
he's become trapped in Sherlock's embrace. Sherlock must have gravitated toward him in his sleep and ended up clinging to him like a vine to a branch.
SHERLOCK
?” John can practically feel his cheeks emanating heat but he’s far too bewildered to care that Sherlock can see him blushing.
“John? Can-can you hear me?“ he asked but as it seemed, John was still sleeping like a log. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he should repeat what he had done before but in the same time it was a temptation too alluring to ignore. So now with a tad more confidence he placed his hand over John’s again, leaving out a small blissful sigh as he tenderly stroked his skin. John didn’t show any signs of vigilance anymore and therefore Sherlock could lean back on the chair and keep on watching for him and wait until he was going to wake up again.
Of course I chose him. And I hate myself for not doing it the moment he returned... I should have. Because I love him, I've always loved him. I love Sherlock Holmes, is that what you wanted to hear?
“Uhm,
torturing me this way. Once he returned with them in the afternoon- God, John. I can’t even believe I’ve agreed on that one of them is going to stay. What is the purpose? Even if Mary
“I can’t believe I am going to say this,“ Sherlock sighed, “but I can only hardly concentrate on work tonight. Especially after all that had happen… you still don’t mind, do you?“
What are we waiting for, then. Let's be boyfriends in my bedroom.
The man is still about thirty feet in front of them, when Sherlock yells after him.
who asked and now you’re not sure what to do? “John sniffed, his jaw clenching in uneasiness.
“Huh?” John blinks, realising he must have zoned out for a moment.
“Oh, none of that would have happened, I know,“ Sherlock groaned, “you don’t have to be reminding me of
, when suddenly I, well, -“ John gulped, beckoning toward the music player on the desk, “I just heard
JOHN (CONT'D)
The cab draws up at 221B. Sherlock leaps out first, eyes immediately going to the front door. As if a bit cautiously, he approaches the door.
“You’re not going to keep them on for much longer, don’t worry,“ John snickers, finally climbing over Sherlock’s body before settling himself on his stomach, rocking his hips a little so Sherlock very quickly realises that he is not the only one feeling so tight in his pants.
From inside John's bedroom - on the door. We hear a knock, then, the door slowly opens. We can see Sherlock standing in the doorway, staring coyly at the floor.
Sherlock freezes, just stares at him, blinking. Slowly, he begins to recognise the face too. A gasp of disbelief escapes his throat.
“I told you dozens of times that you can trust me, Sherlock,“ John said in a very serious tone,carefully shifting himself to a more comfortable position. “If you asked me to not tell Mary a word, Christ, I wouldn’t even flinch. I am on your side, I’ve always been, Sherlock... Besides, I would understand why I should keep my mouth shut. If you told me that Mary was faking her pregnancy and that she was still not done doing all that filthy shit despite promising me that she will never touch a gun again… yes, I would be upset for a brief moment but I would never confront her, I am not stupid-“
John shook his head, not responding to Sherlock’s question. “I thought you’d be glad.“
.” John draws a sharp breath. It hasn’t occurred to him until now. Or maybe it has, he just tried to push the thought away, as far as possible in fear of being overwhelmed by what it signifies.
JOHN (CONT'D)
“Of course I do want you to. Look, I know I said we’re done for today, but I have one more question actually,“ John pursed his lips as if he was about to ask something he didn’t even have enough courage for.
“I-um... s-sure.”
“I have a nose for people.”
Sherlock looks confused.
SHERLOCK
time the time's
going to sleep?“
so you stayed with Mary. I thought you loved her, remember? I was just making sure you wouldn’t do something stupid out of spite, something you would later regret. At least I
“I wanted to
“I am sorry, I had to,” Sherlock giggles, paddling toward John.
“Shut up, Mycroft,“ Sherlock shushed him, prancing forward. “How long he had been awake?“
He's risen, making a mock-serious sad face.
Just grocery shopping.
“You’re absolutely
-leaves.
Yes, there was still a lot of unspoken things between them and Mary was still posing a threat to them, but Sherlock felt like none of that mattered in that moment. He walked down the hallway, eyes pierced upon John almost as if in fear that if he looked away John would disappear like a ghost.
“N-next time?“
Sherlock's fit enough to go home.
(under his breath)
“Yeah? I bet they didn’t suffer as much as I would make them, Sherlock. Why didn’t you tell me sooner?“
SHERLOCK
(snorts)
of this on your own. I need no promises, all I am asking for is some
But John even had to question
be. I promise we will pull through this. Together. Be it weeks or months, we
Sherlock frowned as if he couldn’t believe the words he just heard.
Sherlock felt shivers crawling down his spine once hitting ‘send’. He didn’t intend to out himself in so blatantly obvious way, but he was also sure of that it doesn’t even matter when it comes to Mary, she was smart enough to tell between the truth and deception. And besides, it wasn’t as if Sherlock didn’t wear his heart on his sleeve from certain, rather a crucial point of his life, John maybe, fortunately for Sherlock, didn’t notice, but everyone else around was already aware of what the detective has been trying to hide for so long before.
John’s lips spread into even a wider smile upon noticing that heavy sigh of relief escaping Sherlock’s throat.
“Are you accusing me of a betrayal, Sherlock?“ Mycroft squinted, chest puffed up, chin raised and a conspicuous tone of disbelief in his voice. Sherlock shrank terribly small in front of the rage of his brother but there was nothing that could persuade him into backing off, not even a little.
want you to kiss me, John,“ Sherlock tittered sheepishly. “I told you, it’s all right. More than all right. I’ve been waiting for years for my first real kiss. Hoping, wishing.“
John. Where am I?
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Close on a pair of bare feet, descending the stairs - John.
“Sherlock, you asked me to pick one of the most expensive meals the other day,
You do realise I owe you a surprise now, don't you?
John glanced at Sherlock’s oversized shirt, flushing profusely at the notion he was actually wearing a piece of Sherlock’s wardrobe. “Well,“ he licked his lips, taking another tentative sip. “If your girlfriend could have worn your shirt then why not me, eh?“ he chortled, a hint of amusement in his voice but what he actually felt was jealousy, bitter and sour, boiling in his veins each time one of them broached that subject. John secretly hoped that Sherlock had ritually burnt the shirt Janine dared to put on her, although in the same time he was quite ashamed of himself for having such ugly thoughts.
“So... what exactly is your plan?” John asks once after the car finally moves down the road and toward Heathrow.
John - sits forward.
. How you've dealt with that jerk of a guy and called me
Sherlock stares, wide-eyed and panting. His stomach drops at the prospect of what is about to follow once they enter the flat.
SHERLOCK
The doors into the room flew open as the dark haired nurse who refused to let Sherlock into the room before, came to check on the patient.
You said you're here to help.
John grins, shakes his head in amusement. He grabs Sherlock, passes one hand underneath Sherlock's knees, the other under his back, lifts him up.
-there's a photo of a small turtle, the caption underneath it: MISSING
“I-I… I am sorry, John, but I have to go,“ Sherlock stammered, quickly rising up and grabbing his coat that was tossed over the arm of the chair. He rushed toward the door, not even turning back, but John of course couldn’t let him go that easily.
“I have to say I am surprised you suggested going to a bar in the first place,” John remarks. “It's not exactly your ideal night-out scenario.”
(Music fades out)
“I love you,” John murmured tenderly and pecked the corner of Sherlock's mouth. “That's why. Because no matter what we've been through, I have
(giggles)
Sherlock's eyes widened.
(pointedly)
You're still beautiful. Even when you're pouting.
to?” John licks his lips. He runs a hand across his face and through his drenched hair, his piercing gaze not leaving Sherlock. Not necessarily because he expects Sherlock to throw water at him again, the truth is, he finds himself unable to stop his eyes from wandering all around Sherlock's body. The droplets of water rolling down his muscular arms. And neck. And hair. That
“Please, make the room for us, sir.“
Sherlock relaxes, smiles as John brushes their noses.
“And then you saved mine. So I guess that makes us even.“
Sherlock, clutching the mug in his hands. Looking down at the mug, rather than John. As if nervous, unsure how to start. After a moment, he exhales, finally composes himself... Looks back at John.
On Sherlock, staring after him, mouth slightly open. From off, we hear a door thud.
Excellent choice. What else?
“Yeah. You know how we were joking about sharing a bed last night-“
“Well, I... I-” John clears his throat but to no use. His tongue feels heavy and dry and the tremors in his left hand make it only worse.
, not someone who can’t even stand to be in the vicinity of her mother. “
“What... what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
and... took my hand and... you know,” Sherlock smiles with a glint in his eyes.
We hear water running for a few seconds.
“Okay,” Sherlock hums and kisses John again.
MRS. MERRILOW
Sherlock at first didn’t notice those distinctive sounds of footsteps coming from behind the doors. All he heard was a creak of wood when the door has been pushed and opened and the guest already entered the room. It was Mrs Hudson who Sherlock expected, but no, it wasn’t her who stepped into the dimly lighted space. When Sherlock turned over to - as politely as he was capable of - kick the quite unwelcomed intruder off the flat, his mouth felt open instead, hot mug almost slipping out of his hands.
What. You're interested?
“Good morning, John.”
“No, that’s cause I want to see you happy,“ John said but wavered before leaning up for a kiss. “You didn’t mind, did you?“
SHERLOCK
he tells himself, but all in vain.
a great kisser,” he clarifies at once, blushing all the way to the tips of his ears.
You're making no sense, John.
Approaches John.
“Sherlock?” John peeps at once, clenching his left fist. Startled, Sherlock nearly chokes on the smoke, looking awfully abashed.
To be fair though... She was right about something.
“About kissing.”
What??
No. No...
“Agreed,“ Sherlock nodded in approval. “We should just concentrate on the fact that we’re going to be living together again.“
Sherlock smiled. “Thank you.“
“I am so sorry, John,“ Sherlock sighed, head bowing down. “I must be the worst kisser in the world.“
“So? We can't pretend we've solved it. Because we
more,“ Sherlock replied, ignoring the hot flush building up in his face once John mentioned the word ‘love’.
Mrs Hudson first pouted over Sherlock’s rudeness but then she finally retorted. “He said, ‘your Sleeping Beauty has awoken’.“
On John, contemplating her words. Throws a glance at the door, then down the hall, but doesn't move. He cannot leave.
idea to take a walk.
“Well, it was my…. duty.“ His answer was rather cold and distant, as if he was just a stranger who happened to save John’s life by a mere accident.
“Weren’t you listening? He’s fast asleep again.“
” Harrington barks, once again ignoring Lidia's attempts to have a polite discussion.
“What about you, hm? I-I owe you something, John.“
On John, narrows his eyes. There seems to be a movement on the far side of the room.
(sotto)
Sherlock in the meantime seemed to wise up to the fact that John was trying to be affectionate with him. His face turned red in an instant, John once again managed to abash him that day. But even though Sherlock still wasn’t quite ready to take those final steps, he decided to not spoil anything this time. He maybe didn’t feel like engaging himself in serious conversations just yet but he also didn’t want to make an impression that he had never thought about him and John being more than just mere friends. Sherlock had done this mistake before and regretted it ever since then, he was sure that back-pedalling wasn’t what he should done this time.
(he calls over his shoulder)
...And that's the whole story.
And Mary?
John clears his throat before replying as if being somewhat ashamed of what he’s about to propose, considering he’s doing so mostly because he just wants to prolong the day for as long as possible. Fearing he’ll never again have a chance to spend such an evening with Sherlock, he refuses to waste this opportunity.
At once, lights in the room begin to flicker. Heart beat monitor - still beeping, louder now.
“What about whom? Sherlock I-“ he glanced at the cabbie in front seat, but the man was fully concentrated on the road so John turned back to Sherlock, leaning closer and keeping his voice low. “I need no one else but
lips,“ John’s voice dipped low into a rough half-whisper as he gripped Sherlock’s neck from behind and slowly leaned in for a kiss. Rather a desperate whimper escaped Sherlock’s throat once John attempted to deepen the kiss despite knowing that Sherlock had no idea what to do.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,“ John’s smile widens. He must be teasing, Sherlock thinks. Ever so nonchalantly John picks the bottle and pours two glasses, taking a small sip of wine before he retreats to eating. In spite of Sherlock’s dazed expression, he offers no word to clarify.
“I am not sure either-“ John hissed, rising up. “But then again, what can be worse than lying about your true identity, faking a pregnancy and threating- no, actually trying to
The sound that escaped Sherlock’s throat afterwards was radiating with almost a visceral need, moans broken and raspy, only one word on Sherlock’s lips. Word he was repeating over and over again in sync with John’s thrust.
Sherlock gulps.
Good morning, John.
a date?“ he risks to ask, his own voice sounding alien to him.
It's just that I...
“Well, it’s my fault that you’re now here,“ Sherlock beckoned toward the bed. “It’s my fault that you’ve been… that you’ve been shot and-“ Sherlock could barely contain himself but no, he refused to burst into tears in front of John. It happened once, what felt like eons ago, but this time Sherlock wouldn’t be able to stop and that was something that he wanted to prevent from happening at all cost.
you didn’t actually believe any of that, Sherlock. You’ve proved it so many times, I am surprised you actually tried to fool me again,“ John crossed him arms.
SHERLOCK
On John, smiling, fondly shaking his head.
“I am going to take a shower now,” he whispers with a teasing chuckle.
“I am... sorry,” Sherlock whispered, at last, breaking the heavy silence that had descended. Not until now he fully realised how much he had actually
It's how
“Wha-There was no baby,“ John yelped, swallowing down a sob that was about to escape his throat.
“I love you too, I love you so much,“ John coos, planting a small kiss over Sherlock’s inner thigh before quickly crawling over him to lock their lips in a serene kiss.
“Is it not?“ he snapped once buckling up his belt, crossing his arms over his chest a mere couple of inches away from Sherlock. “Sherlock I have given up on everything because of you the moment I’d walked into that bloody lab.“
I might be old, but I am not deaf.
SHERLOCK
“Sherlock-“
Now, now, no need to fret, John. I am not here to pry.
John blinks at him. “
“What you had done was reckless, irrational, kind of stupid, and yeah, you shouldn’t have kept the truth hidden away from me, you should’ve trusted me,“ John continued. “It was one of your most ludicrous acts and fine, yes, I am angry with you a little, I admit.“
What has Sherlock done to you? Besides wanting to help.
willingly spend
“Well, she won’t be around, naturally,“ Mycroft replied. “I’d suggest her to pay a visit to her sister. Without letting her know what is the reason behind, of course… “ he added once already reaching for the exit.
that once I am going to tell you-“
- on the giant wooden door, wide open. Entering the chapel-
“What are you talking about? I’ve been out this morning.“
Sherlock opens his mouth wide, expecting a sour taste, bitter, maybe even a very hot pepper if John dared to go as far, but nothing prepares him to feel a sharp touch of cold crawling down the side of his neck, sending chills throughout his whole body.
So? What's wrong? You said you couldn't sleep.
say. If they can’t bear to look at you,
to spend the rest of my life with a woman who – who had put me through the terror of losing you again.“
“Sherlock, that’s all great, but-“
“Oh,“ John snickered, “who’d thought the ever so cool, intimidating detective Sherlock Holmes
“Oh shit.”
“You didn't leave her at the altar, though, did you?”
SHERLOCK
“Lead the way then,“ John beckons, but as soon as they step toward the gate he slows down again, crossing his arms and smirking somewhat suspiciously.
“You see and
He walks into -
, hard-“
“Relax now, just relax, Sherlock.“
opportunity but then-“
Suddenly, a woman emerges from the shadows, then stops. We still see but a silhouette of her. Her voice echoes.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate answering this time, even though he had hoped that John would have figured it out by himself.
,“ he blurted out, quickly handing Sherlock his tea instead of trying to come up with another ridiculous excuse. “Your favourite… I think at least, I am sorry, I’ve never made it myself, so-“
“Yes. Yes, we will,” he murmurs and kisses Sherlock as softly as though his lips were but a fragile petal. But then Sherlock shifts and John extremely quickly realises what a bad idea it would be to cuddle immediately after the kind of messy sex they've just had.
“Sherlock, please say something.“
Silence. Sherlock - a hint of a puzzled frown. Looks back at John.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“I can barely imagine the pain you’re going through, John,“ he says, barely whispering. “But trust me, this is
SHERLOCK
Mary scoffed. “Oh, please, acting like a clueless idiot serves no purpose, Sherlock, you’re insulting not only your own intelligence but also mine.“
SHERLOCK
I'd love to. One day.
SHERLOCK
Much to his relief, he didn’t even have to send Sherlock a text and then wait for a reply, anxious if he was even going to receive one. Sherlock soon appeared in the doorway, but John’s initial delight turned immediately into shock once his gaze fell upon Sherlock’s face. He looked awful, his hair tousled, clothes dirty and wrinkled and ugly bags under his weary eyes, but that wasn’t what made John worried the most. Sherlock’s face was cut on several places, the worst cut being the one on his forehead and another long narrow slit on his cheek.
Alright. Gardenia and Hydrangea it is. Cake?
boring me, if that’s what you’re implying, John,“ Sherlock huffs, leaning back in his seat. “As a matter of fact, I like taking care of you.“
“Err, Sherlock, this is not the first time I got shot,“ John remarked. “I know how it works.“
to look, needs to watch how his cock disappears between John’s lips, John’s hollowed cheeks, John’s caring hands caressing his thighs so soothingly...
make mistakes, Sherlock. If I were you I wouldn’t go there.“
What was that about?
-but Sherlock hasn't moved yet. He stares at John, as if expecting something from him.
.” These words, these ugly, painful
The next morning plays out, to put it mildly, much differently than the morning before and not only because John is the one to wake up first.
sorry. I swear, John, lying to you was probably... no,
SHERLOCK
Instead of trying to get out of the way he nudged at the older wrinkly doctor that soon enough realised there is no use in trying to reason with the detective “His name is
, not you. John, you didn’t have to do it.“
John whimpered at the mere notion, incapable of uttering anything comprehensible. He felt like getting high, high on the hot steam that enveloped their bodies, high on Sherlock himself who kept his mouth wide opened against his, one another’s hot breath turning them dizzy.
And so on the morning when Sherlock left the bed unusually early, John decided to finally talk him around a bit. Unfortunately, Sherlock seemed to be quite obnoxiously moody that day, John didn’t even managed to utter a word of what he wanted to discuss. Besides, it seemed that for the first time since the shooting, Mary decided to remind them of herself, or at least, that’s what Sherlock was convinced of once he opened his mailbox.
John...
They merely moved a foot from each other. Neither of them broached the subject of Mary since the morning, they barely even talked actually. They giggled and laughed together instead, occasionally sharing pecks, but never anything that would have felt too forced, they already got used to brushing each other’s hands but touched in no way that could have been a step over. They didn’t even kiss properly yet, but John didn’t even mind. He felt that it was perhaps too soon for overly passionate make out sessions anyway.
until Mary was put behind the bars? Bear in mind that you wouldn’t be able to leave this place anyway… until it’d be safe again at least. Sherlock, we’re doing this for your own safety.“
John, tilts his head, flummoxed.
. You know, each time I tried to ask someone out I was quiet rudely rejected. No one wanted to be with me, because I was... I
“It’s not really that bad,“ John shakes his head, chortling.
“Sh-sherlock-“ John’s voice shivered as he leaned even closer to Sherlock, one of his hands covering both of Sherlock’s trembling hands, the other one he gently passed underneath Sherlock’s chin so he could tilt up his head and look into his glassy, yet still heavenly beautiful eyes.
an assassin who attempted to murder me should automatically erase her chances for redemption but she seemed to let go off her earlier life so she could be there for you and her daughter and I was dull enough to believe her. All so to make sure you’d get what I thought you wanted. As it turns out, some of my assumptions
On John, a smirk on his face. Unbeknownst to him, Lestrade is scowling confusedly at him, but averts his eyes as soon as we hear Sherlock's triumphal cry.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
John immediately stepped forth to follow him, panic in his voice almost palpable. “W-wait, where are you going now?“
“Come now, let’s take you back home,“ he suggests instead but judging from John’s reaction, he seems to be quite disappointed with the idea.
“John, is there something wrong?“
SHERLOCK
John swallows. Is he dreaming? He can’t be. And yet, he can’t think of anything to say.
We've agreed on three floors of pure chocolate delight with a perfectly appropriate rainbow frosting.
Oh, you've missed an awful lot. First of all...
She turns to walk away. Pauses in the doorway, turns to look at Sherlock and John.
John wavers for a moment. Decides to fib.
Good morning, John.
Neither of them seemed to pay attention to the silent squeaks coming from the corridor from behind Mary’s back. Not at first anyway. Sherlock noticed a single creak of floorboards, a footstep in the distance but it was all he could hear. And still, it was just him and John’s wife who were occupying the room.
“You- you’re never interrupting.“
Sherlock’s heart was beating so fast that if he was the one being monitored, all those funny machines would most likely explode due to overheating. And John didn’t even say anything that cataclysmal yet.
ticklish,“ John laughed, raising up to straddle Sherlock’s abdomen. “It’s just your neck or-of course, your arms too,“ he added with quite a malevolent smile once Sherlock grunted out loud.
John caught himself opening his mouth, once again ready to spit out what had been crossing his mind for quite a time already but he managed to bite his tongue again before that happened.
. You’ve always been my chance at a better life, the one and only person who gave me the hope I needed. All I need is
Nice of you to make it so easy for us, Leonardo.
“He’ll show up. Sooner or later.”
-“ it was a mere whisper that vanished in the rumbling of the water, but it was all John needed so he would thrust against Sherlock with even more force and vivacity.
. But is that truly such a disadvantage, Mycroft? Yes, obviously, John has always been an exception, he - he makes me feel stronger, worthy. He’s
grab a handful of Sherlock's hair and tugs firmly enough to spur a reaction from him. Sure enough, Sherlock's hands are instantly on John's hips, pulling their bodies closer as he leans in to kiss down John's neck.
Right on cue, John returns with two fresh glasses of tequila and a weak smile on his face but as he notices Marco, the smile vanishes at the speed of light and his face twists into a scowl. Whoever that stranger is, his presence immediately awakens the green-eyed monster within John.
John’s reply came surprisingly fast. He didn’t even seem to be taken aback by Sherlock’s straightforwardness. “Yes,“ he nodded, eyes still on Sherlock’s face. His heart was beating so frantically, almost as if it was soon about to rip out of his chest. “I had shared a bed with many men before. But not in the context you’re thinking of. Not with all of them at least.“
“Mmm, you like that?“ Sherlock was seemingly not capable of breathing out words, so he just frantically nodded in response, urging John to continue. And so John did. He nipped and only very gently suckled on the lobe before he let the tip of his tongue to tickle the sensitive skin behind Sherlock’s ear.
that’s-that’s… oh, God, keep, doing that.“ Sherlock forgets what even he was about to initially say, wincing and gasping on bed, focusing on nothing but John running a small, thawing ice cube first over his nipples, teasing for a couple of moments and then down his chest and abdomen, peacefully, almost tantalisingly slowly.
He walks toward the door, leans against the frame with his arms crossed. A little smirk on his face.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
significantly incorrect. Instead of making you happy I put your life in imminent danger, leaving you with a... lunatic you didn’t want to be with at all, which I sincerely apologise for.“
(chuckles)
-“ Sherlock let out another growl, rough and husky, sneaking his arms around John’s shoulders so he could pull him into another messy, passionate kiss.
“Yes?”
John pipes down, ponders for a second, as if he's just remembered something.
Oh, Mr. Holmes. Come, come in.
Who's there??
Come in.
“I don’t know, that’s the problem,“ Sherlock lamented. “I am clueless, John. I’ve never been in this position before. I think- I guess we’ve reached a certain point in our relationship… I mean, I can’t be sure, I just feel like I am no longer able to hide how I
Dead silence. On Sherlock, panting, shocked. His eyes go to-
The... Hold on, is that the-
A single ring thwarts John from finishing his sentence. They both flinch at the sound of John's phone buzzing somewhere off screen. The atmosphere has been irrevocably disrupted.
“Wait, why do I have a feeling that she doesn’t know I am moving back in?“ John asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
Highly possible.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth a few times, as if the cog wheels in his head stopped turning at sudden.
SHERLOCK
“Yes and no, Sherlock, you’re not getting out of this now.“
,” John growls, a lascivious moan escaping his mouth. Were he not that turned on, he'd probably feel embarrassed about making such sounds, but that's most certainly the last thing on his mind right now. And seeing what it does to Sherlock... how his breathing quickens and his eyes begin to shine with pure arousal ...
He dashes through the door... and he's gone.
SHERLOCK
John opened his mouth to retort, but decided against it in the end. It was futile, attempting to express himself with words, he had never been good at that, but the silence that had descended was far too heavy and awkward for him to do nothing but give in and stand idly. It was like an impulse, to wrap both his arms around Sherlock, and hold him tight and close, hiding his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
at least and you know what? I have to do it
SHERLOCK
These were yet unfathomed waters they were testing. Up until that moment, neither of them attempted to ever discuss anything even remotely intimate, both of them avoided asking such delicate questions in fear of receiving dismissive reaction. And so neither of them had any idea how to give adequate answers, in this particular case, John. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, like a fish grasping for water, no words being uttered at first.
Four minutes later there were however two mugs on the counter, flushed with piping hot tea. Sherlock has never stopped making two cups, not even after John left. He’s been doing that unintentionally, realising this tiny mistake only after the tea cooled down and already tasted like gross after being left untouched for the entire day.
“Exactly.”
This one, obviously, holds a massive grudge against the banks. On principle.
. Wet, slicked back and atypically non-curly, and yet John has never before yearned to stroke his fingers through it as much as now.
“You do have a point,” John nuzzles Sherlock's face but when Sherlock attempts to lean in for another kiss John pulls away and presses two fingers to his lips instead.
“But-“
“I am not hungry.”
, we all care and worry about you because we - we
“I-I-I assume it has nothing to do with not paying rent and keeping human-human body parts in the fridge.“
John could hardly complain however. Sherlock’s smile was the most beautiful smile he’s ever seen, bright, ecstatic and relaxed. Sherlock was glowing and John along with him. He couldn’t help but peck Sherlock’s lips again and again, pepper his flushed cheeks with myriad of butterfly kisses, kiss the tip of his nose, his chin, his eyelids the soft spot above his lips, he didn’t hesitate to raise on his tiptoes so he could reach Sherlock’s forehead either. He needed Sherlock to know how happy he was in that moment, happier than ever before. He could tell that Sherlock was as equally happy, albeit a little out of breath.
It's not until the afternoon that Sherlock and John make it to the swimming pool. As they saunter down the marble-paved pathway, beautifully lined with red roses and carnations, Sherlock makes a few quick observations of the people scattered around the pool. As far as
But what about the veil?
CUT TO:
“For this evening, of course.“ John pecks the back of Sherlock’s hand again. “It really is a special day. A
They link their lips in a kiss that lingers and lingers for a couple of blissful minutes but Sherlock pulls away before it can escalate into something more. John notices a hint of a shy smile upon his lips.
Dr. Mason, back to her professional self.
“Knowing that
More likely than you think.
. Beautiful.“ With that John lifted his eyes, gazing at Sherlock so intently, so fondly so Sherlock’s heart nearly jumped out of his chest, hammering hard, louder than the music itself.
“Then you are not a family member of the patient behind these doors, are you?“ nurse inquired.
A beat on John, a bit unsure of this. Worried for his friend.
Me too. I... Actually, I've been preparing to tell you for a very long time. I wanted the moment to be special... Well, it certainly didn't go the way I had imagined, but that doesn't make the words any less true, Sherlock.
“You’ve never complained before,“ Sherlock stated, tension slowly easing off his chest as the conversation flew on.
“Why?”
(A beat)
Things could have gone only worse at this point, and much to Sherlock’s dismay they certainly did. His throat tightened, desperation and hopelessness growing upon realising that John is not respiring anymore.
John frowns, failing to understand why on earth would Sherlock refuse, but seeing as how he has already shown the client out and retired into his bedroom, John decides not to raise an objection. All that matters is that Sherlock has taken the case.
Sherlock grabs both of John's hands, lifts them to his lips, kisses his knuckles.
, giving him the taste of his own medicine. The look of betrayal in Sherlock's eyes is priceless.
“Er, John?”
“For God’s sake - I’ve done what I thought was
. To break the ice.”
I just borrowed it. Between you and me, John, she's incredibly irritating. And judging from what I have found in her phone, also a criminal, alas, I have no proof at my disposal.
.“ John advised, in a tone quite emphatic but affable nonetheless.
Lestrade.
Sherlock shifted even closer, slowly, warily lifting up his left hand and then putting it down on the mattress next to John’s. He wasn’t even sure what on Earth he was doing right now but he was certain of that it was something he desired to do for ages, ever since the first night they spent together chasing criminals.
John doesn’t reply. Sherlock stands silently, watching him weep, the mere sight shredding his heart into pieces. For a moment he wavers, reconsidering his next move, but then he takes one more step toward John, determined to break through the walls John has built around himself, no matter how difficult it might be, no matter how painful and bitter the taste of his words. And bitter it is.
Sherlock stiffens. Panicking, he grabs the flower, throws it away, then quickly turns to John, as if nothing happened.
“Well, I have some good news for you then, we’re done with
Close on the screen - the same number that has been bothering for the past few months.
. Once Sherlock lifted up his head, he nearly screeched in shock. He could see Mary’s reflection as clear as crystal in the mirror. Standing behind him, pointing her gun at him, repeating the words ‘
“Why would you? I look
“...You'd... what?”
SHERLOCK
“You don’t have to be sorry, it-it doesn’t matter,“ Sherlock opposed, his voice trembling as he spoke. It didn’t hit him until then how immensely wrong he really was, how stupid of him was trying to make up such absurd excuses for Mary's sinister behaviour, especially since the one suffering here was evidently John and despite Sherlock's initial belief she really seemed to be well aware of her harmful actions. For a moment Sherlock couldn't even bring himself to open his mouth and speak again, his brain was like paralysed, not responding to anything, not even John's voice this time. Not until a couple of seconds later at least, but the reaction was hardly one John expected.
Still on John, staring at Sherlock in astonishment, almost disbelief, trying to process what he just heard.
Sherlock scowls, throwing a glimpse over his shoulder. “No, I don’t think.“
“John… God, he wants to know the entire truth, Mycroft,“ Sherlock continued after a moment, turning whatever thoughts that had crossed his mind into words. “He wants to know what made the bastard out of me. Well, to be fair, those weren’t his exact words, but he’s learnt to see through me, crystal clear. I should’ve expected such a turn of events. John’s rather smart isn’t he?“ he smiled sadly. “I am no longer able to lie to him. I don’t
You had a case. Magnussen, remember? We broke into his office to find the letters you had been hired to retrieve. He wasn't supposed to be there that night but... the things took a wrong turn. We got separated and then... I don't know what exactly had happened, when I found you in his flat it was already too late. Mary had disappeared and you... ever since she shot you you were in a coma, Sherlock. You haven't even left the hospital.
John starts slowly, giving Sherlock a couple of long, firm strokes at first, sucking and lapping only at the head of his cock. Sherlock would usually guide him, urge him, but this time he’s allowing John to choose the pace so he can fully indulge in the feeling, so each swirl of John’s tongue, each brush of his lips he can savour in a completely new, different way. If he could look he would not pay attention to anything but the mere sight in front of him, it would be over fast but now he can only listen and feel and God, how he’s getting lost in the cacophony of noises John’s making. Gravelly, raw moans vibrating almost roughly around Sherlock’s cock, utterly in contrast with how softly is John stroking Sherlock’s thigh, how gently he’s massaging his balls to achieve maximum pleasure.
Silence.
“I can assure you I
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
(groans)
Sherlock - he might as well cry.
SHERLOCK
John sighed, taking both of Sherlock's hands into his own and pressed their foreheads together. “I know what I just said and I... I am sorry, Sherlock, but I meant it, yes. What you did to me was-”
“Can you please put some of this onto my back?” Unaware of what is going through John’s head, Sherlock extends his hand to pass him the tube.
He took the cigarette after he was tricked into thinking that The Woman has died, he did it once again when John decided to forgive his wife, but he couldn’t do it after what happened this time. Because John wouldn’t want him to, this wasn’t the path Sherlock should choose and fortunately enough, he realised it before it was too late.
“No. Just doing a research,“ Sherlock mutters.
“Sherlock, I – I didn’t want to tell you, not while you’re still being in such a poor state,“ John spluttered, apologising hastily. “God, this shouldn’t have happened, you should be resting, not-“
On John's face, only half listening to her, his eyes are on Sherlock's empty armchair.
He emphasises the last few words, but his expression is that of a man who's having a hard time believing it.
Hearing his name snaps Sherlock out of pondering. He shakes his head as if to shed off intrusive thoughts.
CUT TO:
Back to work?
Only for about six weeks.
Sherlock's next step is as cautious as the one before. He proceeds slowly, as if he’s approaching a wounded animal, frightened and vulnerable, one he might startle it if he acts too recklessly.
Sherlock shakes his head. His frown deepens, as if he's trying to recall the lost memories but to no avail.
Taking a drag on his cigarette, Sherlock turned to walk back to the sitting room but just as he stepped forth, the door in the hallway suddenly creaked and he could hear that someone was climbing up the stairs.
Wake up, Sherlock.
,“ Sherlock pants, trying to catch John’s lip again but failing and so letting out another desperate sound.
Once John pulls back-
(derisively)
... John can't but giggle at that question. Turning to face Sherlock, he steals a single kiss from his lips, then takes his left hand and brings it slowly towards his crotch. The mere contact sends a wave of raw pleasure throughout his body, it's almost too much and still not nearly enough at the same time.
“The good old-fashioned way.” A suggestive smirk plays on Sherlock's lips. “Are you thinking what
His eyes trailed an invisible line down his body, up until they stopped being pinned upon John’s hand. Sherlock couldn’t help but stare at that hand, wondering if John would get mad if he dared to hold it. His own fingers twitched with need, he needed to feel John’s skin again, as to make sure that he’s really in the room, that he’s not being just another pipe dream or hallucination.
This time for real.
“You sound… worried,“ Sherlock remarked, ignoring the sudden vicinity this time.
“You should stay,“ John objected. “Would you stay for me, Sherlock?“
who made you confess that you’re... you know what.“
Chuckling, John kisses Sherlock.
Because there on his left, sitting by his bedside -
DR. MASON
He kisses Sherlock, but once they pull back, once he opens his eyes, something distracts him, a person - lurking in the crowd - Nurse Ferguson. John's smile drops.
His phone beeped again, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to look at the screen for another couple of minutes. Once he peered back, there were already two unanswered messages.
We've just discussed this.
“No. Don't,” Sherlock implores, his voice a faint whisper, a tad desperate maybe, but John has already raised up and headed for the bathroom.
John felt terribly guilty. He demanded honesty from Sherlock yet he kept on fibbing and hiding the truth from him. Only a coward would act this way, John thought to himself. Sherlock would disagree but John considered himself being a one in that moment.
, within reach. And to make it even worse, Sherlock makes them
You should delete it.
“There’s no one else here now.”
And then there was that moment that made him want to shriek in agony, the moment the bullet was fired up into the air, hitting John who fell into Sherlock’s arms, the moment Sherlock’s entire world has crumbled down into billions of pieces without a chance of being built anew.
“But that’s- are you- are you sure?“
“Why? You’re laughing, that means I must have done something good, right?“ Sherlock grins, pleased with the results.
Sherlock's smile fades away, so does John's.
Silence. It almost looks like Sherlock won't utter a single word. But then-
COCKY YOUNG MAN
“Are you sure? Maybe you should rest some more, shouldn’t I leave?“
it. My brother wasn’t supposed to die. Not because of
I was right, wasn't I?
“This one’s my fault,“ Sherlock’s voice quivered.
SHERLOCK
CUT TO:
“So you’re not only a gentleman, but also sentimental,“ he smirks at the sign above the front door.
“I am so sorry for making you think that I don’t want to be here with you. That couldn’t be further from the truth. Yes, I chose to avoid you at first, because I was too… afraid,“ John sighed, flashing Sherlock a bashful glance. “I was afraid because there’s something, something important I need to tell you, in fact, I wanted to tell you the moment I came back home, I just didn’t know
DR. MASON
He opens his mouth once, twice, to continue from where the conversation took a pause but no words ever leave his throat, for the sudden proximity between their faces makes his brain so dizzy he barely remembers his own name.
Are you sure you don't want to shift your attention to someone
Whenever he wore a shirt unbuttoned almost half the way down, exposing his pale, milky-skinned neck, John couldn’t help but
MRS. HUDSON
His stomach tingles as if full of butterflies and heart beats so fast against his ribs it might as well jump out of his chest. On the outside however, he’s but a smitten smile and red cheeks, desperately trying to hide the true nature of his feelings. For the truth is, he feels like he could dance, dance across the drenches streets, all because John Watson is holding his hand. Not to mention he kissed his cheek.
“I don't know about you but I'd like one more before we go. Harrington or not.”
Why are you smiling?
Sherlock, if I didn't know you, I'd say you were... flirting with me.
“John will
“Oh and... you have
John?
“I know, I know... I am sorry, Sherlock I am
“That was
John practically tackles Sherlock down on the mattress, locking their lips in a sloppy, nasty kiss, sliding his damp palm down Sherlock’s neck and chest, rubbing and pinching his nipple ever so lightly, his other hand rushing through that mess of dark curls.
Sherlock tears page out of his notebook, hands it to a very bewildered Lestrade.
“I wouldn’t mind holding hands,” John blurts out despite himself but immediately regrets the choice of words. Fortunately, he manages to collect himself fairly quickly. “I mean... I mean, for a case.”
-she's gone.
I am considering it.
There was a small chair he grabbed and placed right next to the bed so he could sit as close to John as possible. It was a heart wrenching sight. Sherlock was now glad that John was so peacefully sleeping, he’d like to apologise as soon as possible, but he was sure that he wouldn’t be able to utter any words at the moment. Not when his throat was so dry and his eyes were filled with tears again. And an apology said in such croaky voice, full of sobs and sniffs wouldn’t even count, Sherlock wanted to do it properly.
instead. It’s suspicious enough that Sherlock doesn’t mind to be disturbed in the middle of an experiment but the fact he hasn’t been interested in taking cases for months now John considers somewhat worrisome even.
anymore, but neither of them seemed to mind. After all, there were thousands and thousands of more kisses about to come.
A beat.
John. Please.
,“ John cried out but lowered his voice again immediately after. “I-I mean, yes... yes, you're right, I
“L-like this?“ Sherlock swallowed. “I am in a
But the detective himself has been already so tired that his eyes fluttered shut in a few moments. Without even trying this time he soon drifted off to sleep, dreaming along with John while his hand was still covering the other man’s.
“Fine, but- once I tell you what happened - promise me you won’t get mad,“ he said at last in a shallow whisper. John nodded but quite reluctantly, he couldn’t promise Sherlock anything until he learnt the truth. After a moment of hesitation, Sherlock climbed into the bed, clinging on the towel around his waist so it wouldn’t fall off.
“Hold on a second,“ John piped up, mouth hanging open. “You
SHERLOCK
He snorts. Absurd.
John. Is that you?
. Sherlock feels higher than ever, high on love, so high he thinks of himself as a little fluffy cloud, soaring in the sky.
“A pretty terrible one, I imagine,“ John titters, his voice rather tense, as if he was impatient for Angelo to leave already, but Sherlock can notice a hint of amusement in his tone as well. He could swear that Angelo winked before dashing away again, but he’s far too focused on John’s little innocent smile to tell for sure.
(off-screen)
“What I meant to say, Sherlock, is that you were always my first choice, Sherlock,
Yes. And?
Seething at the injustice, Harrington turns to Lidia. “You're not going to believe that, are you?”
of that. You’re in a really bad place right now, you miss your brother. You were trying to convince me that you’re a cruel, heartless monster, yes,
should be sorry,“ Sherlock sighed, turning to John, that odd, sorrowful smile on his lips again.
“Yeah, absolutely,“ John asserted. “You need to relax, get
“About
The next day.
Sherlock looks positively shocked. “You....
“No. He walked away. Seemed to be as delighted as the guy with the funny tattoo on his right arm.”
John grabs Sherlock, dips him, and only then, finally, kisses him. The guests begin to cheer.
, Sherlock, should think so terribly low of themselves,“ John said, his voice hoarse and shaking with remorse. “I know you’re hurt, I know you’re mourning, there’s no use faking. I know
(groans)
Sherlock wavered for a moment; deciding whether he should wait until John left or strip off his sloppy suit right then and then and therefore most certainly embarrass them both. John fortunately made it a lot easier for him. As soon as he noticed that Sherlock reached to undo the buttons of his shirt, he flashed him a sheepish smile, storming off the bathroom while blabbing something about making a tea but Sherlock couldn’t tell for sure.
,“ Sherlock pleaded. “Mycroft is gone, yes, but our lives have to go on. Somehow. What we have to concentrate on now is that Mary is still carrying a baby - don’t look at me like that, please. Regardless of who Mary is and... how you feel about her, John, you are an honourable man, you have no heart leaving Mary alone with a child, whether it’s yours or not. I know that rage and hurt has clouded your senses but there’s nothing we can change about it. You can’t just leave Mary in the blink of an eye even if it's what I suspect you want right now.“
Sherlock freed himself from Mycroft’s grasp and then continued his way down the hallway until he finally arrived at the door of John’s room. He took one deep, quite insecure breath, but before he even managed to grab the handle, he was in a light squeeze of someone’s hand again. This time it wasn’t Mycroft however, his brother was nowhere to be found.
For me?
“Who told you? Him?“ She beckoned towards Sherlock who remained silent but was as much surprised as Mary.
Oh, trying to murder me, apparently. She's poisoned my drink.
“Feeding you.”
feel is much more important to me than whatever Mary does, I loathe it as much as you do, that she's being so cruel to you.  All I am saying is that I think it's because she feels threatened. What if she thinks you’re choosing me over her...
There was no mistaking the familiar gait, but no... couldn't be
“What’s the matter with you then? You’ve never been without a case for such a long time,“ John points out, taking another sip.
Can you really ensure it?
(off-screen)
Sherlock, this time he doesn't try to argue.
“I am
“Y-yes, my choice,“ John nodded, continuing even though his tongue was dry and heavy in his mouth. But John wasn't going to waste another opportunity, not this time. Not when Sherlock finally managed to look him in the eyes without turning away.
“Hold me for a little longer then,“ John asks. “Please, Sherlock. If you will.“
“Fine… if I must,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, leaving out another tiny whimper. “First of all, it’s hardly my fault there was a window in my way.“
“Another time, perhaps.”
On Sherlock: anxious; bewildered. Cautiously, he steps forward and heads to the sitting room, trying to ignore the bizarre noise. Then, comes to a halt as if something caught his eye. Slowly, he turns his head to the right, his eyes going to-
“This is not a competition, Sherlock,“ Mary grunted. “Besides, isn’t it too late for all this? You had your chance and you
“So you’re finally willing to accept that caring about people who are important to you is not exactly a sign of weakness?“
“Two cartoon dogs? What, you’ve seen that film, Sherlock?“
“God, I am so sorry, John, I have no idea how this happened.“ Pretending that his hand acted on its own in his sleep was much easier than to admit that Sherlock craved for this feeling and so he shamelessly reached for John’s hand to hold it.
was protecting was not meant to be revealed, it would be a mistake. At least that was what Sherlock thought at first. Because no matter what John believed in, Sherlock was almost sure that he would never understand what’d happened, not least why Sherlock and Mycroft agreed on never telling another soul.
“John, John, for God’s sake, what’s going on?“
John peers at Sherlock.
Sherlock - rising.
John: the faintest shade of pink upon his cheeks. Quickly tries to change the subject, but fails to suppress a smile. A grin, in fact.
CUT TO:
“You already regret this, don’t you?“ John smirked.
you’d even like do to me afterwards?“ Sherlock asks, feigning utmost disinterest in John’s reply but John can recognise a very familiar tone in his voice. He is getting hooked. Despite pretending that he’s never heard a worse idea in his life.
SHERLOCK
I’m ever going to need any sleep I am going to take a nap on this
LEONARDO
(apologetically)
A busy London street. Heavy traffic.
for you, Sherlock,“ he added, full of worry that practically emanated from his voice.
Sherlock lets out a shaky sigh.
Sherlock merely huffs in response, groping in the air in his attempt to nudge John, but hits a pillow instead. John’s body is no longer within a reach but Sherlock can her the rustling of the sheets and covers, almost as if John was looking for something.
“I think no such things. And if
“Everything okay, love? Sherlock? Are you here with me?“
-Sherlock Holmes.
“Hm,” Sherlock pouts. “Fair enough... I suppose you were right, more than I was willing to admit. What you said in the elevator. We really haven’t been a very convincing couple so far.”
SHERLOCK
, John?“ Sherlock scoffs, but sticks his tongue out, slowly licking off the cream before taking a small, tentative bite. He can tell that John is staring agape at his lips now and the very knowledge makes him smirk quite smugly.
Later that night - still on the TV. Commercials. The show has finished.
SHERLOCK
“Soppy,
problem. I have to deal with it on my own.“
John chortles, dropping his voice. “Let’s just say that playing footsie under the table with you in a bloody expensive Spanish restaurant is not something that happens to me every day,” he giggles and Sherlock along with him. “What did you order again?”
“What-what for?“ Sherlock’s voice trembles nearly as much as his hand.
“Are you asking these questions in all seriousness? Allow me to remind you,“ Mycroft cleared his throat, giving his brother a stern look, “it’s been
John narrows his eyes. Getting beyond anxious now.
told you that’s not going to happen. Look, I know what you said about me not owing you anything, but I won’t ever be at peace until she gets what she deserves.“
Me? You want me to be your best man? I...I expected to be asked by John.
“ he reads out loud. “Last time we were here it was named differently.“
Sherlock stiffened, not even because John has seen him sleeping, which was embarrassing enough itself, but what Sherlock considered much more awkward was the fact that his hand was still laid over John’s. Maybe John didn’t notice until then, maybe what Sherlock felt before was just a dream and John never stroked his hand but then again, he didn’t brush it off either and so Sherlock just stared helplessly at their now entwined fingers.
, I didn’t actually mean last night, John.“
John laughs, pecks Sherlock's temple.
John was glaring at Sherlock with utter astonishment sparkling in his eyes, corner of his mouth tugging up in a little half-smile. He saw Sherlock’s mouth moving but he didn’t hear any words, all his mind could concentrate on was the need to lean closer, erase the short gap between them and finally lock their lips together. But he didn’t do it, of course not. Sherlock probably wouldn’t forgive him this enormous mistake so easily, if at all. So he just grabbed him by his forearm and looked deep into his piercing blue eyes, soothing him down, making sure he understood that everything was alright and he didn’t have to worry about him anymore.
(comes to a halt)
Didn't I just?
Not even if I were to be blamed for Mary's death?
you pleases right now. Right
,“ John licked his lips, flashing Sherlock quite a devastatingly seductive smirk. Sherlock leaned forward to kiss it off John’s lips but stopped mid-air upon noticing that John was actually carrying him away and into the shower where he pinned him up against the wall tiles.
“Hold on. You want
CUT TO:
Bonnie.
Well. Do you care to explain?
You two seem to have a very special bond, don't you?
“As it turns out, his injury has not been as life-threating as you were told. I tried calling you as soon as the surgery was finished, Dr Watson woke up and even started communicating not so long after then. He asked about you but then he fell asleep again.“
John should have expected such a turn of events and he kind of did, really, but it sure doesn't stop him from expressing his disappointment. “You. Are.
Sherlock smiles at John.
“You can read me as an open book, can’t you?“ John snickered, leaning forward, but Sherlock didn’t find it entertaining.
SHERLOCK
He heads for the door, John immediately behind him.
Why not? I remember people who don't exist. Things that, apparently, didn't happen.
and seriously? Glowing foxes? No, not anything like that. Besides, I doubt you are any ready for chasing criminals yet.“
“You don't have to thank me for saving the life of the person I care about most in the world, John,“ Sherlock breathes out, biting his tongue little too late. John catches himself opening his mouth in a silent gasp but before he manages to as much as to make a sound, Sherlock beats him to it.
?“ Sherlock tilts his head, pouting.
“For me?“ John arched an eyebrow but didn’t think twice before accepting what Sherlock had offered. “Shouldn’t it be the other way around?
I am... I am not apologising for cuddling with you... I-
whatever it was and John most certainly did need to hear an explanation but if Sherlock wasn't going to bring himself to talk, he surely wasn't going to try and make him. Instead, he gave a tense nod and turned toward the door. He needed air, or else he was going to combust. “By the way, you're not invited to the wedding,” he quickly added and with that, stormed out of the room.
Keeping his eyes closed, John reaches behind himself, gropes in the air, searching for his phone on the nightstand, grabs it.
“Well, John,“ Sherlock started, his cheeks turning pink again. He spoke slowly, carefully picking out each single word. “Since you’ve already confessed to me, I think it’s time to ask ourselves -oh God, this is difficult-where are we… heading with our relationship?“
What? Why?
lying to you,“ Sherlock insists, “I am being completely honest with you, I
Okay, here's the thing... I don't care what you want. Let John walk away and we both might as well forget about this little incident.
“W-wait…
“Can I make I confession?” Sherlock asks, his fingers reaching to draw a circle around the wrinkled edges of John's scar.
“What is that supposed to mean?“ Sherlock scowled.
On Mary's disapproving face. She's seething.
,” John chuckles, sounding amused, rather than annoyed.
SHERLOCK
“It won’t take
SHERLOCK
He looked so small and vulnerable, sitting there, hugging his knees, his face so innocent and soft and eyes tender and shining like billions of stars. John was desperate to approach him and take him into his arms and hold him, hold him until the end of time.
“This is all
Sherlock blinks, having a hard time deciding whether he feels flattered or slightly affronted. “If it makes you feel any better I remember
“Does Mary know?“ he asked once the words were no longer stuck in his throat, talking to a vague spot somewhere in the distance rather than John. “Does she know you have all these suspicions?“
(eyes wide, breathing quickening)
loved you and only you and I always will.”
close. He's imagined John doing this to him, so many times before, but the truth is, his fantasies pale next to reality.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,“ John gave in in the end, looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes with the most genuine adoration he was capable of showcasing.
He flops into his chair.
“John, you’re such an idiot, I knew you should stay in the hospital for much longer. If it still hurts it means you’re not okay yet. God, what if you’re bleeding internally, what if those
“Her real father? And who would that be?“
, John thinks, his gaze flicking from Sherlock’s eyes to his lips. He’s convinced he must be actually glowing from how deeply, profoundly in love he is with that man. He surely feels that way. The closer Sherlock leans, oblivious to the effect he’s having on John, the more John wishes to be bold enough to kiss him right there. Much to his disappointment, however, Angelo disturbs the moment before it even happens.
“Sherlock, we’ve already discussed this. You don’t have to sleep on the sofa... Come to bed. It’s fine,” John smiles softly despite feeling perhaps just a tiny bit nervous. Okay,
going to sleep.”
after the incident. There is no way you could-“
John's smile widens.
“Protecting you from cold, obviously.“
Oh, hush, you sour pickle.
John blinked, his breath significantly quickening and the tremors in his left hand relentlessly reminding him of his fears and insecurities. “You've hurt me,” he rasped, his voice slowly giving in. “So much, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s face was completely unreadable, pale and stiff, he all but stared agape at John for solid fifteen seconds until he finally brought himself to open his mouth and offer a response, one that John had never expected to receive.
but once John entered the room it was all gone and deleted, not important. That moment Sherlock saw John standing still in front of him, his brain turned against him. Whispering, questioning, doubting, but Sherlock quickly managed to shush it down without letting his deepest worry to be shown on outside. Sherlock hadn’t told anyone about the hallucinations he had once John was shot, but since then he had to be constantly reminding himself that the people, the world around him and each of its elements were real and tangible. Descending into delirium again was one of the last things he desired to happen.
to, even though it meant that John will get upset with him… or even worse.
Hey. Everything alright?
“Go?“ John frowned, his brow furrowing, almost as if he didn’t understand what exactly Sherlock was proposing. “You want me to…
Panning from it to Sherlock underneath it, waiting with his arms folded behind his back.
Sherlock’s breath hitches. Of course there is
“It’s always,“ another peck, “
“Sex... in the... elevator?
On John, mildly doubtful.
him. Suddenly, he feels kind of dizzy and certainly not because the elevator’s strangely small, almost too small to fit more than two people. And just like that, John speaks before he thinks.
SHERLOCK
“On second thought... why slowing down when you want me to fuck you hard, hm? You
John chortles, walks over to the side of the bed where Sherlock's lying, sits on the edge of the bed.
. John could swear he’s just caught a glimpse of hurt in Sherlock’s eyes and once he pulls back he even notices his bottom lip wobbling ever so faintly but then Sherlock forces a weak smile and John decides it would be for the best if he simply changed the subject.
What about my phone??
“You don’t have to apologise… nor explain,“ John laughed. “Just go, take care of yourself.“
The client shakes his head, disregarding Sherlock's snide comments. “My uncle's up to
from that body, s-“
JOHN (CONT'D)
“I am sorry, John.“
Sherlock had never been more delighted that he did not inject himself. If he had done that he would not have been able to successfully quell those obsessive, persistent visions and under these conditions he would have been most likely found dead from overdose later on morning.
Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
“Well, it’s hardly ma fault you’re so perfect for me,“ John shrugged. He toyed with the idea that’s just crossed his mind for a mere second before deciding that Sherlock was probably feeling tad better and so he would have nothing against what John was about to do.
?“ John risks to ask, his heart beating much faster at the mere prospect.
A beat.
I am glad to see you're doing fine, Dr. Watson.
Um. I...I know you wanted to surprise me, love. But... are you sure about this?
Now that Sherlock single-handedly obliterated even the last remnants of John's doubts, it would be the perfect time to say
John feels the redness building up on his cheeks. “N-no. Because you wouldn’t eat otherwise and I don’t want you to pass out.”
Sherlock: opens his mouth but his voice falters. He swallows, gazing at John, intently, as if begging for those words to be taken back-
SHERLOCK
“You do realise that people who were once aware of this information are all
and... what I am trying to say, John, is that
DR. MASON
He was now glaring out of the window of the cab on his ride toward the place that could have very well been the place he’s going to take his last breath at. Not that he could see a lot. But even though the cloak of darkness has already covered the streets of London and heavy rain drops were drumming melancholic tune over the outside of the glass, Sherlock still didn’t tear his eyes away from the window, he didn’t care that all he saw would for most other people be nothing of interest. Just empty, drenched roads and gauzy mist crawling in the shadows of nasty alleys filled with the dirtiest and worst plague that could be found. Only Sherlock would ever be interested in such sights.
Jerking his head toward the other side of the room, John points at the bearded man who seems to be indulged in a conversation with two younger women. Sherlock throws a glance over his shoulder, then quickly turns back to John, visibly agitated.
“That doesn’t necessarily mean I can’t do it for you,“ Sherlock remarks, adding a teabag before he puts the mug aside to let it brew. “
John blinks rapidly at Sherlock, trying to process this information, but Sherlock is still smiling and doesn't even appear to be too flustered.
Last time I was here-
John, still frowning, clearly annoyed by Mycroft's presence.
He wished for that Sherlock would rather give up on whatever he was doing and get some sleep instead, preferably in his own bed, but in the same time John knew that that man was never going to listen to him. Not in that case at least. Sherlock was prepared to cross the entire continent if it meant that he was going to get to Mary, he definitely wouldn’t even consider giving up on her.
Silence. The police officer seems to be hesitating to break it.
Sherlock looks down, smiles. His cheek turn faintly pink.
“Different?“ John raised eyebrow in disbelief.
, Sherlock?“ John asked softly, his voice merely above a whisper. “I told you – you can trust me, whatever it is you’re struggling with, I am here for you. Always. Not judging you. But if you’re not ready to tell me then of course, you don’t have to. It’s up to
“Aren't we a bit old for this kind of
MRS. HUDSON
“I, umm, yes...” Sherlock clears his throat, pale cheeks turning pink. “I... should get up, shouldn't I?”
John cocked his head, struggling to believe he had heard right. “Changed? Sherlock, are you even aware of who are we talking about here?“
Are you trying to make me blush?
John smiles again, lowers his head as if to hide his blushing face. As he does, he takes a glance at his watch...
John thinks for a moment before he, unbeknownst to Sherlock, takes off one of his shoes and ever so slowly caresses up and down Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock’s breath hitches at that, but other than that, he seems to be almost perfectly relaxed. At least on the outside.
“For a case. Of course. It’s all for a... case,” Sherlock forces a smile that appears to be almost wistful but John decides to brush it off and pretend it’s just his mind playing tricks at him.
...Bloody plant. I told my wife not to bring it home.
Sherlock isn't of a much different opinion. Once he emerges from the bedroom again, he's carrying not only a small bag in his hand but a sour expression upon his face. As he walks by John, he scowls even more as if discontent with something, then gives John a confused look. “Why are you not packed yet?”
Sherlock?
John can't force a sound out of his mouth, let alone a word. His face feels hot and red and if he saw himself in the mirror now, he'd probably think that he's spent too much time in the sun. In reality, he just can't cope with Sherlock complimenting him.
He didn’t even risk a glance at his wretched face in the mirror, all he was focusing on was quickly scrubbing the stains off his skin. Looking down at the crimson coloured water however triggered those flashbacks again, once again he saw John in front of his eyes as if he was there in the present, pushing Sherlock out of the trajectory.
, do you need me to translate that into French, John?“ Sherlock teases, lifting himself up from the mattress so John can have a better access to prepare him for what is about to follow. “Come on then...
Just as John finally starts to comprehend, a shy little smile crosses Sherlock’s face.
Of course I am.
“But what about-“
Silence. Sherlock stares. Perplexed.
It’s only logical to say, to
“Going to what?” Sherlock squints at John but he offers no answer and instead shrugs it off.
“I take that back,” John smirks mischievously.
“You didn’t have to bother, you know. I would have made you another,“ John pointed at the mug, leisurely rubbing the back of his head.
Close on Sherlock's face as his eyes fly wide open. With a gasp, he jerks up in the bed.
“Remind me, John,” Sherlock says, pretending to be serious for a split second. “Why exactly we've never slept in the same bed before?”
JOHN (CONT'D)
It's Christmas - fairly lights hanging from walls and-
where you’re going with this. Just
wanted was that John would stay. Forever, if it was even remotely possible. Sherlock would’ve taken all those blatant lies back in an instant if he could, for hurting John, albeit unintentionally was something he despised. The next time they were about to have a chance to talk, he was determined to confess, no matter what cost.
I just realised?“ Sherlock breathed, words uttered in between sloppy, hasty kisses. “Now that we have failed anyway... we no longer have to waste our evenings… spying on utterly boring people,“ he growled, suckling on John’s earlobe, pressing against him and grinding almost desperately.
“You’ve noticed. That’s… embarrassing.“
“No, let me finish, John,“ Sherlock cut him off, folding a finger over his lips and then pecking the corner of his mouth. “
Sherlock, just shakes his head, as if refusing to accept it.
SHERLOCK
“But I do,“ he says, his voice remaining soft and calm, “I
“You could sleep in my bed, you know.“
, not because of lack of criminals in his life. And then, after sacrificing his own life for him and pouring his heart out, John freaked out just because Sherlock was about to do something not even remotely dangerous. Sherlock was clueless, he had to admit. This situation he found himself in was so new and strange that not even a mind of such genius could comprehend it.
John’s heart aches as he realises how deeply insecure Sherlock really is. He can see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice.
, Sherlock concludes now that they sit next to each other on a bench, side to side, their bodies pressed close and eyes locked. Sherlock still feels the ghost of John’s lips on his skin.
“I am amazed that you’ve been counting,“ Sherlock snorted, placing his head over John’s shoulder, nuzzling against the fabric of his shirt like he was a cat.
Or, we can chase an uninvited guest through the garden. Why not.
“I do, that’s why I am asking.”
He rises. Begins to walk away, staggering a little as he does.
(smiles, nods)
The headline says: FOUR TIMES. FOUR MILLIONS.
JOHN (CONT'D)
SHERLOCK
Sherlock, slightly trembling.
“Sherlock-“ he managed to say, but then Sherlock cut him off before he was able to continue.
-ripped through. Impossibly, an open bullet wound in his chest, blood seeping through his fingers.
There was a special room suited for all these little details in Sherlock’s mind palace. If there was a way to materialize that place it would be as ample as a library and filled with books that held the words devoted to no one but John Watson. Sherlock often spend hours taking walks between those shelves, remembering John, breathing him in, sometimes even talking to him, usually when he couldn’t be there with him in person.
Sherlock sucked in air, sharply, his chest raising and falling fast and uneven. For a moment it looked like he was going to faint. The very prospect frightened John so much so he immediately regretted uttering those words. He had braced himself to confess, finally after years of pretending and wavering but upon seeing Sherlock’s reaction, all the courage he had had to admit that he was in love with him vanished in an instant.
who warned you in the first place. You were convinced that such possibility is not even probable while I was the one to suspect that Mrs Morstan might already be aware of that she’s being haunted, I told you - even I make mistakes, and apparently… I made rather an irreversible one in this case, I admit. I trusted the wrong people. I should’ve kept this secret between the two of us as you wished. But, Sherlock, there is a blame to share. Don’t forget that if you weren’t so stubborn, probably none of this would-“
“Oh my G-” John's voice cracks, drown out by the roaring water. The shower begins to fill with hot steam and John could swear that the temperature has just risen by a few degrees but he can hardly concentrate on anything but Sherlock's cock rubbing against his arse. Leaning forward, he puts his hands on the glass panel in front of him but just as he does, Sherlock suddenly slows down and all but growls into his ear.
“Do go on, please,“ John prompts him.
“But wait a second,“ he glowered after giving the room another one over, “you didn’t know I was moving back in. Not until today, even
Licking his lips, John gives another low chuckle, his hands caressing languidly up Sherlock's back again before he returns to massaging his shoulders.
I paid you a visit the other day. You and John must have been too busy to notice...
John opened his mouth again but there seemed to be no more words left to say. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand a little tighter before they swayed and twirled together to the rhythm of the music. John leading and Sherlock following, the two of them soon moving in unison, their bodies becoming one for what felt like eternity.
Sherlock looks at her.
“Never underestimate Mrs Hudson, John, she is much smarter she looks like,“ Sherlock replied, leaning back against the cushion. “But I am sure she is not aware of the real reason behind your break up, don’t worry, no one told her.“
It was quite a sad, eerie picture unfolding itself in front of John’s eyes. Sherlock’s dark figure standing petrified, like an ancient marble statue basking in the dim, grey light, brooding, pondering, and maybe even recollecting old memories. Whether Sherlock was so fascinated watching the raindrops streaming down the glass or not, it seemed to be putting his mind at peace. He appeared to be calm and composed although John had a raging suspicion that it was all just a disguise.
“John...” Sherlock's voice trembled, barely a soft whisper but the other man was quiet and the look in his eyes strict. And Sherlock knew exactly why.
“I told you it’s not necessary.“
SHERLOCK
Sherlock’s lips spread into a huge grin before he bursts into giggles too. A
“Don't look at me like that John, you know you are a
mess.“
“Of-of course, I was just – hey, isn’t it me who should be asking such questions?“ John inquired, attempting to change the topic as quickly as possible. Sherlock’s face dimmed out all of a sudden, but he didn’t avert his eyes.
John has approached Sherlock, but Sherlock, knowing John doesn't really mean it, keeps his eyes fixed on the experiment.
John. Finally. You've been away for ages. Were you at the hospital?
Sherlock bends down to take the box, opens it, picks one of the rings which he then proceeds to put on John's finger.
Maybe she was right but Sherlock refused to give up so easily, not after what he’s been through, not after what he’s learnt. “So you rather going to hurt him once more, you will continue on lying to him, devil knows how you are going to secure a child once you are due to give birth, just so you can keep on living in this fantasy?“
SHERLOCK
“...Toothpaste,” Sherlock chuckles affectionately, as he gently wipes the smudge off John's cheek.
“Yes, one of her closest ones. She needs someone to cover her back, someone she can trust, John,“ Sherlock explained. “I’ve left her far too much time to run, she can be practically anywhere, doesn’t even have to be in London anymore. That’s why I put my snoopers in charge. They were supposed to be spying on this man, who I thought will lead me straight to her.“
(chuckles)
No, no, she didn't Sherlock. What are you talking about?
“You're staring,” John titters, dumping his shirt and towel on one of the chairs. He can't deny that Sherlock's reaction is flattering if a bit perplexing.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“How about we go to the pool today?” The question catches John completely off guard. “I think I mentioned that I'd like to go for a swim.”
Silence. Mary steps into the light, revealing her face. Tilts her head like a reptile, smirks.
The frown on Sherlock's face deepens. “I fail to see what part
SHERLOCK
“To fetch yourself a coffee?“ Sherlock beckoned towards the paper cup in Mycroft’s hand.
Confused, John turns to look at Sherlock, only to realise that he was so buried in his thoughts he completely forgot to watch where he was going.
who wanted to return in the first place but now… now you act like you’d rather be anywhere else. At least you were up until ten minutes ago. Which is frankly, a tad confusing. As difficult as it is, to admit that.“
“Rough night?“ he barked. “You’ve not been there, Mycroft, you have no idea, it’s not been just a
John enters first, pulls off his coat, tosses it on his chair.
“Sure, John, sure,“ Mrs Hudson chuckled, already on her way out. But before she left, she quickly turned in the doorway, eyes briskly flicking from John to Sherlock, joyful grin still not disappearing from her face.
Sherlock deemed it highly unlikely. He tilted his head and narrowed his eyes, listening intently but the creaking had already stopped in the meantime. Must have been Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock thought to himself and decided to brush it off.
words, John,“ he reminds him. “It’s the most important lesson you’ve ever taught me. Nobody is meant to be alone, not least you, not least now. I
Shit. Down in the hallway? Before we left?
“Mary,“ Sherlock said, cutting his brother mid-sentence, “she wants to meet me.“
Sherlock blinked, his cheeks turning bright red even though he was sure he must have misinterpreted John’s words. Again. “T-together?“
“You barely made it up here, John,“ Sherlock broached. “I can’t expect from you to be descending those stairs every morning and then climbing them back up each evening, not whit that limp and pain that can return whenever you least expect it. You’re supposed to be
SHERLOCK
John grins. “Not that I don’t appreciate the idea of having a
“Oh, you
“Well, um, you know,” John starts, but there’s no way out of this. He can only make it worse. “You and me, alone in the elevator. Two people.... alone... Sex. Against the-the-the... wall?” He does make it worse. And in turn... feels absolutely mortified.
It's not until he approaches the desk that Sherlock meets his gaze. Silently, he beckons to the device, hundreds of questions in his eyes. John only very reluctantly looks at the screen and skims over the single paragraph...
They had been kissing for a couple of long, blissful minutes before John slowly pushed Sherlock down on the mattress and lied on top of him, not even breaking their mouths apart. Each next kiss was delivered with more love and passion than the previous one, each was a proof of how deeply and unconditionally Sherlock and John loved each other.
Wait. Right now? As in... Right NOW??
Oh. Well... That explains a lot. I did wonder what had happened to your ring. Where is it?
“Yes, it
Which is exactly what I find so annoying.
want to look at you.“
Right on cue, Dr. Mason appears in the doorway. Gives Sherlock a look.
VICAR (CONT'D)
He turns around, begins to walk away but almost immediately comes to a halt. Like he's changed his mind.
You didn't end up working at my clinic by an accident, did you? That wasn't your job. You were never supposed to be a nurse. You were just keeping an eye... on me.
I do.
Poor boy. Do you want me to make you a cuppa? I'll be right back, don't you dare to dash off again.
“No, we weren’t, “ Sherlock objected. “What about the snipers, John?“
Walks to the kitchen, puts the bags on the table. Seems distracted, his eyes keep going to Sherlock's empty armchair.
Once he stepped inside through the massive wooden front door, he began looking for Mary, he’s been  searching the place for long and what seemed dozens of minutes, looking for clues, observing the interior inch by inch, from dusty carpets to ragged tapestry on the walls, but there were no signs of the woman. Apart from that creepy tangling feeling that someone or something is tiptoeing behind is back, there was nothing to suggest that there are any other living creatures around.
“Did you forget which way the bedroom is?” John snickers, hoping to goad Sherlock. There's no telling how long he can last and he'd very much prefer their first time
SHERLOCK
“Thank God, Sherlock-“
“Sherlock, look“ John soughed, stressing each single of his words. After what Sherlock just told him, he was determined to reveal everything, feelings so intense, simmering beneath the surface. John was in fact surprised he’d managed to keep quiet for so long. “The moment I learnt that Mary had shot you, it was
But then he felt a touch. Gentle, tender brush of someone’s thumb over his hand and all of a sudden the room around him was filled with no blackness but bright almost blinding light. Sherlock’s eyes were shut as soon as he opened them, pulsating pain in his head has returned and with such force that leaving his eyes open hurt in a really no negligible way. He still couldn’t even orientate himself in the space, for a second he thought he was at Baker Street but no, this room smelled too much of cleanliness, medicines and infirmary.
SHERLOCK
, did you really believe that being with her was what would make me happy? That such a person would ever change? That I have forgiven her? How could I? I know she didn’t save your life, she’d nearly
“Sorry,“ John chuckled, his voice breathy and filled with impatience. “I sort of… ran out of clean shirts of mine.“
I wouldn't be against
First time Sherlock’s hips jerk the moment John grips him more tightly, licking from the base to the tip of his cock, repeating the same move until Sherlock’s blurting out his name and tightly grasping the sheets. His free hand darts toward John so he can run his fingers through his hair and show him just how euphoric he’s making him feel.
better,“ John said, reaching for Sherlock’s hand again, grasping his wrist ever so carefully, his thumb brushing Sherlock’s in the most calming pace.
, Sherlock. Come on, you’re – you’re not meant to be alone,“ John breathed out, startled by his own words, heaviness of which he didn’t realise until actually saying them.
“Of course I had… I wasn’t sure, no, but… that’s not what I need to think about, John,“ Sherlock uttered, returning back to his desk.
“Really? I don’t think so, look at your face. Jesus, those wounds need to be disinfected.“ Sherlock snorted in protest but John was already on his way to the bathroom. He returned a few moments later with a small first-aid box in his hand.
How much they took?
(pettily)
From John's POV... His eyes flutter shut.
“Sherlock, I am… I am not quite certain that either of
“Yes, but this is not what I-“ Sherlock sighed, exasperated, having no actual arguments to use. John was right after all. Sherlock needed to wash away the pain of losing Mycroft and memories of what had happened at the cemetery as soon as possible.
MS. RONDER
“God, John,“ Sherlock pursed his lips, turning around. “Don’t panic, I can explain.“
Are you sure? I don't want to bother, I just-
John, gently, he places his free hand on Sherlock's back.
“It’s Mary,“ Sherlock said, glancing at John but received no positive reaction.
Sherlock, thousands of people have red hair, how are we supposed to know which one is plundering London banks?
actually,“ Sherlock said, corner of his mouth tugging up in a half-smile.
, I see,“ he nods, folding his fingers under his chin, brooding for a brief moment.
“We'd be lucky if we had the pool for ourselves,” he mutters, throwing a disapproving scowl at everyone within fifty metres. “This place is like a
SHERLOCK
“Pfff,“ John snorted. “Bad morning breath is hardly a thing that will stop me from kissing you,“ he snickered, locking their lips in a languish kiss. Once John realised that Sherlock was really trying to get better this time, he pulled back an inch, murmuring against his lips.
“I think I prefer beer.”
Sherlock...
What the bloody hell is that on your neck, Sherlock.
Sherlock but hums in response, sucking and biting John's neck until the skin between his lips turns purple. With a cheeky smirk, he flashes John a brief glance and then drags his mouth further down John's chest and abdomen. John can feel his body trembling in anticipation as he watches Sherlock slither all the way down... but unfortunately, a sudden knock on the door spoils the fun.
“We can go to the park.“ Sherlock emerges from behind, his hands folded behind his back. “Since you miss the walks so much,“ he adds, such a heart-warming smile on his lips that John somehow immediately forgets about feeling cold. For a moment at least.
“Perhaps if you were more specific-“
“Better?” Sherlock asks once after John gulps down his drink. John but frowns at the empty glass in his hand and then at Sherlock.
in my whole entire life had ever made me feel as alive and cherished like you do. John… Mary didn’t miss my heart once she fired the bullet. She pierced right
Sherlock can only imagine the current expression on John’s face but he’s positive that John’s eyebrows just flew impossibly high in surprise.
Back on John and Sherlock, they exchange a look, as if to make sure the other one is having the same thoughts.
They giggle at this, smile into a kiss.
Silence descends again, awkward and heavy, for it isn’t until now they both realise they’re standing much closer than necessary. John lets his fingers linger on Sherlock’s chest for just a little longer before he quickly shoves his hands into his pockets, loudly clearing his throat.
Sherlock sat curled up in his chair, scowling absently at the yellow flames that were dancing fiercely in the fireplace. Pondering about the events of the past few days, about John, who after everything that they had been through decided to return back to Baker Street. But much to Sherlock’s disappointment, nothing was the way it had used to be before. Ever since John had returned, he seemed to be different,
Sherlock shrugs. Lowers his head, fidgeting.
is what Sherlock wanted to say but decided against it in the end.
“No, it’s okay,“ Sherlock assured him, leaning down so to shorten the gap between them. “I told you- I don’t mind. And yes, I was talking about sex, John, of course… obviously.“
“Okay,” Sherlock breathed out and backed away. It wasn't okay, hell, not at all, but if John didn't want to be touched, Sherlock certainly wasn't going to force him. All he could do was to watch and wait in silence until John composed himself.
“John, come
MRS. HUDSON
Sherlock bites down on his lip.
“Mhm. Says the man that pretended to be dead for two years
At once, John’s eyes fly wide open. He’s wide awake again.
John: all but rolls his eyes, his frown deepens.
Good.
“Are you not going to eat?“
Sherlock once again took his own mug and forget about the second one, as if John was there to take it and drink it later. He wasn’t… at least not yet.
Sherlock managed to utter but a small, weak
and made an utter fool out of me.”
Sherlock's jaw slightly drops at that, the spark in his eyes reignited. With a bashful smile, he raises up from the chair and takes a little step toward John, almost pressing their chests together. John doesn't even blink, hypnotised by the heavenly colour of Sherlock's eyes but he quickly snaps out of it as Sherlock's smile starts to grow into a grin.
You and Nurse Barton. Ask her out on a date. Have dinner, light some candles, whatever people do on dates.
And it's about time that John notices...
are arousing me,“ he growls, right into Sherlock’s ear, rough, breathy whisper that Sherlock can hear ringing even long afterwards. He instinctively leans for a kiss but instead of John’s tongue there’s another piece of mellow fruit slipping between his lips. This time Sherlock sucks and nibbles, making such indecent noises that John simply can’t refrain from touching him any longer.
“I am glad you are still in possession of your marvellous detective skills, Sherlock,“ Mycroft retorted, taking a sip of his beverage. “Now, I reckon you have more important things to do, don’t you? Just remember that he’s still sleeping and even if he will wake up, he’s probably going to be a bit groggy and exhausted. You can’t expect him to chirp like a bird so soon after what happened.“
Yeah. Ludicrous, tedious. You love to complain. That's why we always end up watching them.
SHERLOCK
JOHN (CONT'D)
Silence. They look at each other for a moment, fondly. Then, John breaks the eye-contact. Takes a moment to compose himself. Feels almost embarrassing.
You're scaring me.
was wrong. I do deserve love. Love brought me back to life, John,
Back on Sherlock, he seems to be at pace. He smiles to himself. Old times indeed...
, John,“ Sherlock fumed but didn’t even consider moving an inch, just in case John would stop playing with his hair. “Mycroft clearly hired those guards to poke fun at me. He simply
John is leaning against Sherlock's chest.
“In the sea? No.” Sherlock makes a disgruntled grimace, the mere concept seems to be repulsing him. “Salt water makes my skin itch. I’d be happy to have a swim in the ginormous swimming pool outside the hotel and if the opportunity arises, I will. But today, the plan is to lie on the shore and do nothing at all.”
SHERLOCK
MS. RONDER
tell me, what’s going on, John,“ he muttered, his voice hoarse and cracking under the weight of emotions.
Precisely.
“John? John, you okay?“ Sherlock had the other man safely in his arms sooner John even managed to ask for help. “God, why do you have to act like-“
CUT TO:
so you can get rid of me, right? You think I possess a threat to you.“
“It's fine,” John lowers his head as if to conceal his flushing cheeks.
now. And if anything suspicious happens... you intervene.”
Carrying Sherlock in his arms, John takes a step forward, and into the flat - kicks the door shut behind him.
SHERLOCK
“No, John, you said so… no more tears,“ Sherlock quickly reminded him. “It’s all okay now, isn’t it? We’re here together and that’s all that matters. Please, let’s bury the past, forever. It’s only you and me now-“
“Oh, come on, John,“ Sherlock growled. “It’s a complex
It’s not until Sherlock reaches to take off John’s coat that John realises he’s in fact still wearing two. Clearing his throat, awkwardly and blushing, he quickly flops into the chair, somewhat subconsciously choosing the same spot he chose once already, five years ago. Private little corner it is. The only difference being the proximity between him and Sherlock now that he’s sitting so close he could as well sit in John’s lap.
Once Sherlock nestles himself, John climbs on top of him and straddles his lap, creating the ever so desired friction. Sherlock's back arches at the very first contact, the feeling of John's erection against his own kindling fire in every cell of his body.
Sherlock opens his mouth, but doesn't know how to respond to that.
Oh, really?
MRS. HUDSON
CUT TO:
to let that happen ever again,“ he sniffed, pulling Sherlock closer so to leave a kiss over his lips. “I don’t care if any of this is bloody ridiculous or unnecessary. We don’t know what she’s up to, so better be prepared.“
The robberies, Sherlock. Remember? We've agreed to take that case.
-close on a mistletoe over the doorway between the sitting room and the kitchen.
John was dangerously close to hyperventilating upon hearing the words Sherlock just said. He still had doubts, back in the hospital, even the day before, he was absolutely convinced that them being more than mere friends was out of the realm of possibilities. But it was the time to accept the truth and fight the unreasonable fear of rejection. John had finally realised, in a blissful relief, that Sherlock was not being so reserved because he didn’t want him, but just because he was so afraid of dismissal, just like John. Sherlock simply needed a time, a lot of time, to think through and carefully plan each next move in order to not break what took so long to be built.
He stares at the ceiling, crestfallen, runs his hands down his face.
Mycroft: As he moves toward John's chair -
“Because she doesn’t,“ Sherlock explained. “She doesn’t even know that you got shot and best if it stays that way. The less people are aware of what happened, the better. Now come on, I’ll help you up the stairs.“
As soon as he walks through the door his eyes drift over to John's silhouette behind the glass door and God, his mouth waters at the view. John's facing the other way but he is well aware of Sherlock's presence, which only adds to Sherlock's frustration. He desires nothing more than to touch John and be touched by him, to kiss him senseless and let him do whatever he pleases.
him even and although he did agree to move back to Baker Street, he did so only very reluctantly. Too stubborn, too
to follow,” the client says, leaning back in the chair. “I know at which hotel he's staying. Seven days, that's all I ask. Keep an eye on him. Whatever his intentions are, I
“Never,” he starts, laughing spontaneously, “never have I ever...”
“...Okay.”
“What-what do you mean?“ John scowled at him. “We didn’t even manage to divorce, Sherlock.“
John holds Sherlock's gaze only for a moment, he
John bites his lip, tries hard not to grin.
On John's face - grumpy.
“I don’t know. I thought it would,” Sherlock shrugs, smiling somewhat apologetically.
“Does that mean you-you consider
Biscuits. Well, there aren't any, but I'll go and get some if you want. Can I leave you here for five minutes? I'll be right back.
“W-what is that supposed to mean?“ John stepped in, crossing arms over his chest in a passive-aggressive stance.
CUT TO:
Sherlock smiled tearfully. “I love you too, John. In case that wasn't obvious.”
exactly,“ Sherlock breathed out, his head falling back so John had even a better access. The sensation of John’s lips, teeth and tongue against his skin was simply ecstatic. Sherlock was slowly losing his inhibitions, starting the moment when John moaned quietly and buried both his hands into Sherlock’s hair so he could get a grip of those locks. It was a gentle tug yet Sherlock groaned out loud, a sound so painfully hot, yet the only notion crossing John’s mind was if it didn’t hurt.
Sherlock. What is... This.
Sherlock doesn’t even have to be able to read his mind any more to know what exactly John’s thinking about. Biting his bottom lip, he leans forward to whisper in John’s ear.
(smiles)
of losing me just because she
Sherlock narrows his eyes, cocking his head to the side. “
(concerned)
John had been used to being always a couple of steps behind Sherlock but he could only hardly pretend he wasn’t angry with himself for constantly being the sluggish one. Especially when there was so much at stake. He followed Sherlock up the stairs and toward their hotel room, none of them saying a single word, not even after reaching the door. John was even reluctant to enter at first, he paused in the doorway, watching Sherlock’s tall lean figure pacing agitatedly around the small anteroom like a fretful animal. Sherlock didn’t even bother to put off his coat, in fact, he spend a solid minute just mumbling to himself, paying absolutely no attention to his surroundings.
John looks sidelong at Sherlock - a double take.
“That’s obviously
JOHN (CONT'D)
Having Sherlock so close, the voice inside John’s head practically begs him to close the remaining gap between them and lock their lips. No matter how alluring the temptation though, John refuses to give into it just yet, not under such circumstances.
As it happens though, the kiss ends abruptly and not of his nor Sherlock's own volition...
“Average human body maybe,“ Mycroft nodded, his voice drooping low as he shifted closer to Sherlock and grabbed him by his forearm, “but the body of a man who’s already been at a risk of malnutrition should be taken proper care of. You’re hazarding with your own health you bloody idiot.“
“You should stop acting like a git, for starters,“ John retorted. He heard Sherlock choking back a chuckle once Mycroft’s brow furrowed in umrabge.
obsessed with the idea of killing me. God, John, we can’t let her run free even if she decided to not go against me in this very moment. She could turn up any day in the future to finish what she had started and get n between us again.“
SHERLOCK
Sherlock seems to be unfazed by this, or perhaps he finds it amusing even, judging by the low chuckle that’s just rumbled deep in his chest.
come to Spain.
but-“
was but up until now they had to keep pretending, they had to act like it meant nothing and was it tiresome and above all - painful. But not anymore. They've got a lot to discuss, yes, nothing has been resolved yet and John knows there's absolutely no avoiding the
baby. You tricked us, faking symptoms in front of me so
're the one who's going to get hurt if you don't leave him alone,” John whispers roughly, a word of warning. He could easily punch all of Marco's teeth out if he wanted to and the man must have sensed that because he no longer appears to be as fearless and confident as he'd wish to. He's practically shrunk under John's murderous stare. And Sherlock... his lips start to spread into a smug smirk at that sight.
“I’ve never said you are a coward, I am saying you are an idiot,“ Mycroft enounced. “She clearly has a plan we are not aware of, I am telling you, it’s a trap and your life’s at stake unless you stop acting like a stubborn prat.“
anyway?” There was so much pain, so much bitterness and hopelessness wrapped in those words... Sherlock could barely finish the question through the tears. That was only the beginning, however.
Sherlock staggers, falls to his kneels beside John's body, takes him into his arms.
SHERLOCK
“Oh my
Breakfast.
He scowls at it, checks if Sherlock is still sleeping. Then very carefully, drags his arm from underneath Sherlock, climbs out of the bed.
,“ he had to take a pause along with a deep encouraging breath upon letting out the word, “I scatter off like a fearful rabbit. J-John, I’ve never-“
would almost definitely be a bit too bold of John, especially after he's just barely managed the save the situation.
that,“ he purred, yet a shy smile on his face.
is actually true,“ he said, sighing heavily once finally letting it off his chest.
“John, John,
SHERLOCK
about you is ugly, not least your face. You can trust me when I say that who you are, both inside and out, matters more than anything. And what you are is amazing, handsome, extraordinary, damn smart. You don’t have to care about what
John, on the edge of his seat, listening to Sherlock, who's just finished his speech.
“I... could use a drink, actually,” he utters with a touch of bitterness to his voice. He feels like a coward and
that matters. We’re here, together, right here and right now. And
John laughs sleepily. “I wish I was more awake to return the compliment.”
“God, fuck,
“We're... still kissing,” John exhales against Sherlock's parted lips, knowing full well that he's not making much sense but he had to say
“Mycroft,“ Sherlock shrugged. John needed no more explanations. Sherlock’s brother was surely powerful enough to execute a divorce even if neither of the spouses were present.
curled into the purest, prettiest smile. John wants to pepper Sherlock’s
“Of course. Oh, and by the way, no one will find your body, don’t worry,“ she added with a crooked grin. “Poor you,“ she laughed. “You thought you can outsmart me?“
“My heart is of no importance. But oh, how you’d enjoy ripping a hole inside my brain.“
SHERLOCK
“You have to be kidding me, right?“ John sprang up from his chair, approaching Sherlock so fast he didn’t even have a chance to protest. It took an unimaginable amount of effort to avoid looking John in the eyes, but Sherlock had to. He hated himself for that he has to lie to John again, but it was once again just so to protect him.
“You-you wanted to take a break, the most logical conclusion is that-“
It takes Sherlock a moment to comprehend. Smiling shyly, he rises, walks toward John, takes his hand, then sits down in his lap.
Cut to a man, that is about to enter the exhibit - tall, bulky, in his 30s - Leonardo.
“Jesus, no wonder I feel so knackered.”
MYCROFT
, we bloody
to know, it was John. If Sherlock hadn’t so much doubt, if he wasn’t so scared of the possible outcome, of being judged and, contrary to what he’d told John, scared of being doomed to truly stay alone forever he would have confessed much sooner.
,“ John quips, cheeky smile playing on his lips. “Besides, it was
Somewhat miraculously, they manage to reach the bed while making out and not trip or break anything in the process. John can tell what is going through Sherlock's head, but he's so hard and gone on him that the mere thought is bringing him too close to the orgasm. Fortunately, Sherlock wastes no time and just as John's legs bump into the bed, he pushes his wet body down on the mattress, kneels on the floor in front of him and settles himself between his thighs.
“About today,“ John shrugs, somewhat nervously running his thumb across the rim of the cup before putting it aside. “About
Nightmares?
“Why would she do that?“ Sherlock squirmed in his seat.
John? John are you listening?
bloody fault,“ John groaned, rushing to put the kettle on, never taking his eyes of Sherlock as if he was afraid that something even worse could happen to him if he dared to look away. “If I wasn’t acting like a selfish dick you wouldn’t-“
Darkness. We hear but Sherlock's terrified voice echoing.
CUT TO:
Despite feeling so strangely drained, exhausted and downright miserable, he was on a high alert, each time a doctor or a nurse passed by him he quickly rose up from the chair in panic, ready to receive news, any kind of news, but no one seemed to be paying attention to the man. People were insolently ignoring him, so he fell back down in an instant they were gone, hopelessly burying his face into his hands, not even demanding any further attention.
So, in short, you just want me to move back here, right?
“Of course I have. Don’t you know me, John?”
“No, but he called the manager and we had to
John smiles to himself, types: You can come to my room. If you feel lonely.
“Stay please,“ John murmured, eyes still closed and breathing as peacefully as if he was still asleep.
“No, no, please, don't, you're making no sense, John-“ Sherlock stammered, his face even paler than before. Cogwheels in his head were turning fast but there was nothing comprehensible about John's words. “I - I shouldn’t have said anything. It’s your life, your marriage, I shouldn’t have meddled.“
John blinks, stares for a few seconds, still a little bemused.
Now, shot from behind, we see them approaching the lion enclosure.
Due to Sherlock’s insistence (and a little meddling by Mycroft) John spend total of nine days in hospital, even undergoing completely unnecessary examinations in order to prevent any further complications. Sherlock had remembered very well how his own heart almost gave up a week after he was shot and such a scenario was completely forbidden from happening to John.
Why, yes. I know what you're thinking, but I've always liked bloodhounds. Long before the incident we've agreed to never speak of again.
“Oi, but what about our weekly bubble baths?“ John giggled again, ever so lovingly pecking the corner of Sherlock’s lips. “I am pretty sure you would miss them as much as me.“
MRS. HUDSON
The key is to make the proposal perfect. Don't make the moment too romantic, that could ruin it, John. When I was proposed to, I-
Sherlock stops typing. Looks at her, gazing intently, as he does when trying to make a deduction. Noticing this, Dr. Mason freaks a little.
“Did it?” John retorts, the taste of guilt bitter and unpleasant. He lets go of Sherlock and walks back a few steps, dragging his hand down his face.
“Yes. But I'd much rather put our mouths to better use now.”
“Well, I’ve never lied in your bed either. To be quite honest, I am beginning to regret that it’s just for a few days.“
furious but I thought it would pass quickly. I would have never guessed you’d ever consider leaving your pregnant wife forever, throwing
A beat. At once, they stop dancing and head toward the confused crowd of people, making their way through.
Flowers?
“I thought I was never meant to love and be loved by anybody, not even myself. Turns out I’ve been waiting for
“That she had won?“ Sherlock scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. “
SHERLOCK
“No, no, no you look… You look
I have no other.
Not remotely.
“Am I?“
He resumes walking, into the sitting room. Sits down in his chair, eyes on John. For a moment, he just watches him. Content.
, snivelling how much I miss my brother?“
(she shakes her head)
“Wh-why would I?”
“You forgot to mention –
“Sherlock...” John sighs, caressing down Sherlock's back and arse. “I was joking, or... attempting to joke anyway, Jesus. I am...
“Sherlock… Christ, you’re doing nothing wrong,“ John gasped, his fingers aching to stroke up Sherlock’s cheek again but he decided to withdraw instead.
They stare after her.
“I put it there three days ago already,“ John uttered, answering the question in Sherlock’s eyes. “You really are impossibly oblivious of everything when you’re in the middle of a case,“ he smirked, prompting Sherlock so he would tighten the grip around his waist before proceeding to smear the lube onto his fingers.
To be fair, John still didn't process the fact, that Sherlock was physically
“Well, it’s been nearly five years. A lot has changed since then,“ Sherlock remarks, exchanging a sad look with John. “Thankfully, some things remain the same,“ he adds to quickly disperse melancholy again before opening the door for John.
they'd get rid of Harrington, Sherlock won't think much of it.
to him and what could have been, only if he'd made a different choice... Sherlock couldn't bear to conceal his feelings anymore.
On Sherlock - he throws a concerned glance at John, then back at Mary. Looks nervous now.
I’ve done for Mary, I have done, only because I thought you had forgiven her, because
“John.... Hey. Morning.” Sherlock's voice is croaky, he looks beyond dishevelled, sporting a three days' worth of stubble and damn... John has never in his life seen anything that attractive.
“Is it John? Something’s happened to John, right?“
SHERLOCK
John set his teeth but what he wouldn’t do for Sherlock. He bent over his shoulder again, this time closer to him, so their cheeks were almost pressed against each other’s.
Mum has changed the locks. Father doesn't talk to me.
“Yes, John.“
“Am I being...
So far there’d been a subtle, barely noticeable smile on John’s lips that very quickly morphed into a bright, wide grin, one that John couldn’t fight even if he wanted. He opened his mouth to reply but Sherlock beat him to it.
to ease your suffering, but one thing you can’t ask from me is to leave you alone and ignore your pain.“
Nope.
John, perfectly steady, pointing his gun right at Mary.
SHERLOCK
“Don’t worry, I’ll stay around,“ he assured Sherlock. “If anything changes I swear you’ll be the first person to learn, Sherlock. Look, you are of no help here anyway. Not in such state like this.“
“Well, he didn't call the police.”
(off-screen)
John stirs. His eyes are still closed, but there is a grin on his face. He turns his face towards Sherlock, searches for his lips with his. Kisses him, then opens his eyes.
SHERLOCK
(smiles)
“Nothing’s going to change, Sherlock.“
John has already picked Major Sholto. Now, it's important to remember - make your speech short and tell no jokes. Here, I've made a list of duties for you-
“Against the rest of the world,“ John finished, pulling Sherlock into one another kiss, hand squeezing Sherlock’s nape, his other one searching for Sherlock’s hand to take.
“Since when are you such a
...You're right, that's beneath me.
But then John reaches to spray some cream over Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock’s gleeful giggles once again morph into deep, raspy growls. John’s mouth closes around one of Sherlock’s nipples, sucking off the foam and teasing with the tip of his tongue, his hands now caressing up and down Sherlock’s torso, smearing the chocolate and cream all over his smooth skin. Until finally John kisses up Sherlock’s neck, cradling his face and giving him one of the longest, messiest kisses that leave them both breathless but even more greedy.
The atmosphere is still, somewhat awkward, neither of them seem to know what to say at this point.
“Sherlock?” John suddenly enters the anteroom, tying up his gown as he does. “What's taking you so... long.”
great of a man, I am just trying to help,“ Sherlock says.
(shrugs)
This time John manages to utter a few words, prompting Sherlock to pull back but only so far so they can speak.
“Okay,“ he shrugs after a moment of pondering, propping himself up on his elbows. “I agree.“
“Is that because we didn’t try it before?”
Smart boy.
John chuckles again. “I know you aren’t. The problem is, I
?“ Sherlock blinked, astonished. “You-you remember this piece?“
“No, no, no,“ Sherlock blurted out, worried he might have given off a wrong impression again. “I – I
JOHN (CONT'D)
. I acted as a complete moron despite it was
TIMELAPSE: Fast changing London skyline suggests we're jumping a few days forward.
He does attempt to shuffle away and sneak out but Sherlock only snuggles closer to him and nuzzles up against his chest like a cat. John doesn't seem to have another option, he's got to wake him up.
John and Sherlock in the backseat of a cab. There's a huge gap between them.
...Had a nightmare.
“Do keep it here,“ John smiles, first at Angelo but as soon as the man leaves, he turns back to Sherlock.
“But now
Sherlock?! What... Why are you calling from a-
“So what?“ Mary asked, “are you going to kill me?“
With that thought on his mind, he sheds his gown and steps into the shower. John doesn't turn to look at him and continues to wash himself but when Sherlock approaches him and presses his naked body against his back, he can no longer feign ignorance. He shuts his eyes tight, a desperate, husky moan fleeing his mouth.
SHERLOCK
“Wait,
John lets out the heaviest sigh of relief mixed with utter astonishment.
Sherlock’s cheeks turn crimson. “Bad timing?”
You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
“You are
“Sherlock-“ John rubbed his forehead, glancing down at the carpet for a moment before meeting Sherlock's eyes again. “I
“But-“
I was
Sherlock at first didn’t seem to comprehend what was John asking for. Once John called upon him the second time however, he stepped forward, faltering as he let the other man to take a hold of both of his wrists. Sherlock had gone weak at his knees as soon as John’s thumbs rubbed circles over the back of his hands. Small, appeasing circles that made Sherlock’s heart flutter. John pulled him back down on the couch, not letting go off Sherlock’s hands even once they were seated next to each other again.
MRS. HUDSON
about you,“ Sherlock sighed heavily, blinking away the tears. His throat was sore and voice raspy but it didn’t prevent him from continuing. “I’ve always have. I’ve always loved you. I… I wasn’t willing to admit it to myself, not least to you. I thought it was an error. In fact, I even
