Everything was different.
“Why are you being punished this morning?” Castiel prompted, spanking him four times, hot and fast.
Cas waited for him to return.  “You know, you don’t sound your usual chipper self, Alpha.  Something eating you?” asked Benny as he came back on the line.
“I said I’d back you up if you didn’t act like a dick! That was a DICK move, Michael.”  Dean let go of Michael’s neck and stormed away from him, too pissed to touch him just now. “He’s bending over backward to bring you into the Pack, and you tell him to…  What the fuck?!  Seriously?!”
“The thing is,” Dean continued. “No one ever calls Red, Michael. It doesn’t happen. It’s always there as an option, but people get in the room, and it all falls into place. It’s kind of awesome to watch…or be a part of.”
“If we do this again, how’s it gonna end? Answer me, beta!”
Dean took a deep breath. “He wants me to try to put a Claim on him. Obviously, we would have to involve my penis to make that happen, so we need you to sign off on it.”
And that’s what was the plan for this Sunday.
“Because I’m already taken.”
It wasn’t quite 11, but Dean arrived early to get a decent spot, a coffee in him, and a sneaky slice of pie.
Dean himself was asleep, oxygen-mask still in place over his face. His chest rose and fell easily, and there didn’t seem to be any shudder to it which indicated that his breathing was even at the moment. He looked so vulnerable and delicate sleeping, and Castiel felt his own heart skip a beat.
“Enjoy it while it lasts, Daddy-Bear,” Cas exclaimed, a smirk on his face.
“Seriously Dean?” Sam asked, exasperated as he slammed his laptop shut, giving his brother his full attention. “What did you think we would have to do?”
“You do it,” He ordered, voice low, laying his arms over his face to try and block out some of the late morning sun that was bleeding through the motel window.
Dean was getting fidgety; he just wanted to gank the sons-of-bitches and stop the poor innocent people being lured to their deaths.
“Where did you disappear off to last night Sammy?” Dean asked, voice more sated than it had been in days. He moved along the bench seat and sat as close to Cas as he could get.
“Knees,” Dean ordered huskily.
“You going to shoot me, Winchester?” Cas spat, almost taunting.
Gabriel often playfully accused Castiel of taking advantage of Dean in such a venerable state. But when Castiel thought about it, he didn’t treat Dean Winchester any different to how he treated any of the other patients.
“No one’s touched me so gently before,” Dean explained lightly, letting Castiel continue attaching different wires to him here and there to check his different vitals.
“Uh,” Dean’s whole face was red, and Sam noticed the blush extended down his neck and under his shirt. “Well… I think that Sam just found out about out little… secret…”
“Sam!” Dean exclaimed taking offence.
She sat down, and began typing away again, no doubt messaging ‘Mr Winchester’ like an excited school-girl.
“I…” Castiel mumbled, trying to find the words. “I’ll… um… I’ll go and find out.”
“Hey,” Sam called, getting his brother’s attention. “I think I found us a job.”
Over the past few weeks, he had not been able to have a conversation with his brother without Sam pointing out just how unorganized Dean was! He knew he was messy and sometimes uncoordinated in his ways, but he didn’t need it pointed out to him 20-odd times a day.
Dean chuckled at his brother, diving into the backseat of the Impala and dragging the other box of comics towards him. He considered, with a sly smirk, leaving the second box on the backseat for his brother to take up but decided not to with the amount of bitching he knew he would receive in payment. Snickering still, Dean heaved the box into his hands, shut the Impala and set out, following his brother towards his dorm room.
~SPOKEN FOR~
“Any idea how much longer he’s going to be asleep?” Sam asked shyly. “I can come back a bit later if it’s going to be a while.”
Cas nodded, keeping eye contact with Dean as he purposefully let his tongue dip out to wet his lips.
“Yep, she also said you’re a very lucky to have someone like me,” Dean smirked cockily. “And I have to say, I’m inclined to agree.”
Dean jolted at the sound of his brother’s voice. Sammy was at his side, placing his own box of comics on the floor beside him and crouching down to check that his elder brother wasn’t hurt.
Cas looked at Dean for a moment before he relented and sat back down. Once again, Dean followed, returning to his seat.
to pee?”
“Thank you,” Cas chortled. He could hear the smirk and suggestive tone in Dean’s voice. “But that’s not why I run.”
Before he could properly hold it, and interlink their fingers, Claire, who had just seconds previously been well and truly hypnotised by the colourful, swimming fish in the film, grabbed at Cas’ fingers, pulling them away from Dean’s hand.
Dean nearly rolled his eyes.
“Were you flirting with that woman yesterday, Dean?” He asked, voice still hard.
Returning to the motel that night, both Winchester’s were frustrated. They hadn’t gotten
But then again, Dean had baked a pie earlier that afternoon; and more had ended up smothered on Cas (and sensually sucked back off by Dean), than had actually made it into his own mouth. But damn, Dean could do these amazing things with his tongue, and Cas was sure each and everyone one of them were illegal in all 50 states! They had spent the whole night wrapped up around each other, crashing over the edge again and again, sharing and rolling in their pleasure together.
Charlie’s eyebrows rose even higher.
~SIRI(OUSLY)~
“Dean, I’m late for work!”
Sam rolled his eyes, but followed his brother into the car.
“Duty calls,” Dean sighed, clearly disappointed as the muffled voice from the hand-held radio cut off.
She proceeded to take their order, less enthusiastically this time and scurried off back to the kitchen.
Dean didn’t reply and instead grabbed the comforter, pulling it over himself and Cas and settling down in Cas’ arms with a huge smile on his face. Cas wrapped his arms around him and pulled him in closer to his chest, pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s crown.
Dean hummed, and snaked his hand up to cup Cas’ face, bringing him down for another, slightly longer kiss.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean complained, hissing at the pain in his hip as he moved to sit up. “You okay dude?”
Dean had no idea what was going on, or what Cas was doing. He could hear his heart beat over everything, his worrying heart rate sky high as he tried to figure out Cas’ next step.
Whenever something went wrong that could have easily have been prevented with a little planning, Sam made it his job to point it out and keep pressing about it until Dean all but shouted at him to shut up.
Cas’ voice pressed, harder this time.
“John! Stop it now!”
“The truth, Princess.”
Castiel frowned, but couldn’t deny his heart fluttered at the thought.
“What would Cas say?” Sam accused, looking over the top of his laptop.
“You hurt anywhere, baby?” She continued to worry.
Sam was getting on Dean’s last nerve!
“Leave it Sam,” Dean ordered, choosing to just focus on his coffee than anything else his brother might have to say on the matter.
“Is Benny here?”
He appeared very pleased with his decision and set about writing it down.
Cas rolled his eyes, knowing full well that his best friend knew exactly why he was here.
“But… but…”
Dean said nothing for a minute, and just let Cas squeeze his shoulder and mutter things to him quietly, reassuring him that everything was fine. Sam stood up, still able to see his brother’s internal battle. He stepped closer to him and placed his own hands on Dean’s shoulder, pleased to see that he was now at least an inch taller than his older brother.
Castiel laughed and pulled Dean back into him. He ruffled his husband’s hair playfully.
“I don’t know,” The woman smiled, leaning forward deliberately to show off her chest. She rested her chin in her hand and blinked a few times. “I’ve been watching. You’ve been sat here by yourself for nearly half hour now. Thought you might like the company.”
I’ve got due in when I’m half hard and about to beg you to suck my…”
Dean suddenly came crashing back to himself at the familiar voice. He knew that voice; could pin point it anywhere. He didn’t even bother even looking for a shirt this time. He shot off the couch and rushed towards his husband and the owner of the voice.
Realisation settled over Cas and he nodded.
the time!) Still, there was a slight firmness to his tone and Dean shivered.
Sam had arrived at his brother’s dorm to surprise him. There wasn’t a reason really, he just hadn’t seen Dean in a while and had a weekend off. He had plans for them to just hang out together like the good old times; maybe go to the cinema or something. He knew his brother would let him have a sneaky beer and he was also secretly hoping that he would meet the girl Dean had done nothing but talk about the last 3 years… she was supposedly tall, smart and very pretty with stunning blue eyes and silky black hair; she was a teacher now but they were still together if the recent phone call Sam had had with his brother was anything to go by. Dean wouldn’t stop talking about how much he loved her, and how much she took care of him and how she baked the best freaking apple pie he had ever tasted.
And apparently, he took a moment too long. Dean leant forward to pick the pen up again.
“I am really sorry about that,” Castiel mumbled, as he checked his watch before starting to take the man’s blood pressure.
Cas asked, having picked up the panic and shock in Sam’s voice.
“Yeah, I know,” Sam shrugged. “But you gotta admit, it’s not been just the once, lately!”
“Fuck!” Cas cursed, desperately wanting to throw his phone across the room. “I’ll be there in 10. This is too good a dealing to pass off. If this fails Kevin, on your head be it!”
your comics for?” Sam cried in exasperation.
“Okay,” Gabriel nodded. “We can do that. Did anything else happen, is he okay other than that?”
“Dean, he likes you better,” Sam explained. “And he’ll listen to you. He would probably just let my call go through to voicemail, or would answer and then tell me to grow some and just get on with it.”
Sam however, nodded once, seemingly unfazed by the fact.
Curiously, he glanced over his shoulder to find Dean on his knees; or more specifically, on one knee.
Dean complained about mind-numbing children’s programs, and Cas put Finding Dory on instead. He was pleased to see that it caught the attention of both his babies.
Cas smiled at her from around the tray, placing it on Dean’s bedside table.
“Apparently not,” Sam shrugged his shoulders, bluntly stating the obvious.
“Uh…” Dean watched as this Castiel crouched down and started picking up nearby comics. Dean followed his example and fell to the floor beside him again. “Yeah, I do. What gave it away?”
“Nah; I don’t think it’ll be long before you’ve got yourself the best-looking girl around, son,” Their father agreed with his youngest. “You’ll have girls falling at your feet with those looks. You take after me like that; your mother was one of many who threw themselves at me when I was your age.”
“What are you doing?” Cas grumbled, voice rough with sleep. Dean couldn’t be certain how long the guy had been asleep, as he hadn’t heard him drop off – he’d obviously been too busy focusing on his work at that point. However, it must have been at least half an hour for him to sound so tired, and so god damn sexy. (Who was Dean kidding? Cas’ voice was sexy
,” Sam nodded.
“You know he would,” Sam grumbled.
“I’m going for a run first,” Cas chuckled and shook his head, even though Dean couldn’t see him. Dean always knew he went for a run in the morning’s. Today, it just had to be a bit earlier than usual.
Be it to take the man’s vitals, give him a sponge bath, help him into fresh clothes, or even to give the man his dinner
Sam, who had somewhat recovered from his discovery, was biting his bottom lip and watching the emotions flitting across his brother’s face. He wanted to laugh lightheartedly at his clearly flustered brother, but he needed to listen to this conversation.
be doing this in front of Sam!” Dean snapped.
Cas’ started, still using
Cas dropped elegantly, tucking himself almost expertly between Dean’s legs. He looked up at Dean from his position, when Dean’s hand came down to caress his husband’s cheek. Cas’ eyes were wide and filled with lust, as Dean was sure his own were as well.
And then it started. Someone from the Novak gang stepped forward and the officers around Dean started firing. The gang started shooting back. Demands were being flown everywhere, the majority of them from Dean or Cas.
“What’s this?!” Dean demanded to know, his head snapping up to face his younger brother. He knew exactly what this was, and why Sam was gifting it to him.
It was Dean’s turn to blush. But then he realised something, and he rounded on Sam.
Both of them just wanted it over, and Sam decided that he was going to dedicate today to convincing Dean to call someone,
“Good morning, beautiful girl,” Dean smiled wide and huge, scooping Claire up, making her squeal in delight. He took her over to the changing table and quickly changed her diaper. He sighed happily, smiling down at her as she cooed, chanting ‘Daddy at him over and over again.
“New employee,” Dean spoke, sitting in one of the visitor seats opposite Sam and resting them on Sam’s desk. Sam gave him a bitch face, but reached for the file anyway.
“Come back in 10,” Dean ordered.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Do you know this woman,” Cas asked his boyfriend, voice patronising. He paused, before adding on with a hint of hardness; “Dean?”
When he reached one, the bathroom door slammed open with a ringing
Sam felt Benny’s pain, having been the victim of many familiar wake-up calls growing up with Dean. It wasn’t pleasant. He contemplated it for a minute, but quickly wondered down the short corridor. It was almost 9.30 after all, his brother could damn well get his ass out of bed and appreciate his visit.
Dean lost his words. He opened his mouth and closed it again like an idiot when the words didn’t come. The older student had literally taken his breath away. How someone could look so beautiful and stunning was way beyond Dean, but Dean knew from the moment his own eyes met the sky-blue ones that he was in way over his head. Dean had never believed in love at first sight, but he was almost certain he could see the sparks exploding between them like fireworks.
“That smarmy git,” Dean hissed after his brother, turning to Cas as he started to chuckle. “What you laughing about?”
Dean stayed where he was sat, curled up on his own bed. He cut the call and let the cell drop from his hand onto the mattress.
throw myself at you John Winchester,” Mary snapped at her husband, a hint of seriousness embedded in her playful tone. “If I remember correctly, you threw yourself at
He kept his back to Dean for a moment, waiting for him to retaliate with a smooth reply, but he never got one.
~TAKE YOUR TIME~
“Ah yes, with Mr Winchester,” Meg nodded. “If I can just get you to sign in, just here,” Meg went on to explain, pointing out the visitor book waiting on the front desk, to the right. Cas quickly did so, never having had to this before, despite his many times he’d entered this very building.
“You’re making me very angry, Novak,” Dean snapped, clicking the safety off the gun.
“Oh, thank God!” Dean exclaimed jumping up. Cas threw himself at his boyfriend, or he supposed his now fiancé, clutching at him for dear life. He cried happy tears into Dean’s uniform, relishing in the feel of Dean’s strong arms around him, holding him close.
“Or, I could take you for dinner first?”
Then, one morning, Dean was later than normal to breakfast. In his defence though, it wasn’t his fault; Cas had kept him up half the night, with his long, magic fingers an warm, wet tongue. Not that he minded; nope, not one bit!
“I’m glad the demon bitch had the sense to give me some nice tits,” He mumbled more to himself, moving his hands in a circular motion, and watching as his boobs pressed together.
What they had got up to last night, (and most nights for the past 3 and a half months, but who’s counting?) was their little secret.
listening.
“Maybe,” Castiel started, slowly and seriously. “Maybe it really is time for you to join the gang?”
The woman, who had been leaving the booth as Castiel arrived was stood at the bar, talking to Nancy who was on till this morning. She apologised and moved to the side so Cas could place his order. When the café owner turned around to make two black coffee’s, Cas turned to the woman beside him.
“I see,” He stated. He turned back to the waitress. “My name is Castiel,” He greeted. “And I am Dean’s boyfriend.”
If it had been anyone else standing there, Gabriel would have had no problems staying strictly professional. But with Castiel standing in front of him, his own flesh and blood, he couldn’t help it; he burst out laughing.
“Cas, no!” Dean cried, thinking the worst.
“Oh that?” Dean asked. The book was open on the first page and had something written in it. “It’s my to-do list,” He shrugged, almost uncaringly.
It was corny. So corny. And Cas found himself loving it more than he thought. Dean knew how to thaw his heart sometimes. Still, Cas fought the smile trying to break out, like the stubborn guy he was and threw his hands into the air, turning his back on Dean.
“Well, that was the first time me and Dean met too. Now, he’s my boyfriend.”
Dean was no where to be seen. But if the sound of the shower still running was anything to go by, his brother was still locked away in the bathroom.
“If it makes you feel better, he doesn’t… do… me,” Cas paused, as if tasting that sentence on his tongue, before continuing. “
“I’m sure there will be,” Cas nodded, still pulling at the hair.
Dean had barely sat behind his desk when the folder was thrown onto the table.
Sam brought Cas up to speed with what they had got so far, and where they were stuck to. Cas asked for their current whereabouts, and within the next moment, he was stood inside their room.
“What have you done?” Cas asked suspiciously, raising his eyebrow.
He knocked and only entered when a gruff voice granted him access.
When Cas nodded, Dean pushed his chair away from the desk slightly. Dean raised his finger and crooked it towards him. Cas stood slowly and made his way around the desk, 100% sure that this wasn’t how normal job interviews for Campbell Enterprises went.
Cas, who was well and truly berated, sat back in disbelief. He was trying not to feel insulted. And then he looked over at her again, and couldn’t stop the laugh bubbling from himself. He had to admit that he wasn’t truly hurt by their daughter’s actions, and instead found in endearing.
Dean appeared to be getting smaller and smaller, curling in on himself, and holding the phone closer to his face in an attempt to hide.
“Oh, you know,” Dean replied, now choosing to move past Sam and back towards his car. “For some
Cas stepped quickly around him so they were looking at each other once again. He slowly slid himself into the chair beside the human. He said nothing, and just stared at the man.
Dean leaned over and took a quick peek into the box, a huge, darkish smile beaming across his face.
“Still, ‘s’not fair,” Dean replied grumpily, before letting the corners of his mouth tilt up to let his boyfriend know he was only messing. Cas hummed in agreement, a smirk mirroring Dean’s as he captured another kiss.
“Good.”
“Finished my homework,” Dean muttered, letting out a yawn as he raised his head to meet Castiel’s eyes.
“Dad!” Dean growled as best as possible.
Dean licked his lips, clearly and unsuccessfully fighting a smile.
Dean and Cas were curled up together, mummering sweet nothings and pressing soft, chaste kisses all over each other. They were giggling to each other like love-stricken teenage girls, but both loved every second of it. Dean told bad-joke after bad-joke, and Cas rolled his eyes with each punch line (all of which, he’d heard before).
Dean smirked as Cas read the one thing on his list. Cas kept a mean poker-face as he read it, slowly looking back up to Sam.
“Would you like me to check?” Castiel asked, in all seriousness. Dean took a shuddered breath and nodded his consent, slowly.
“I uh, I wore a bright yellow shirt,” Cas explained, trying to paint the scene in attempt to jog Sam’s memory.
“Doesn’t feel very light to me!” Sam called back, grunting again as he tightened his hold on the box and began marching towards the building; thankful that there was an elevator up to the 6
“Hang on,” His voice sounded from inside. And a second later the door creaked open. Dean was wrapped in a fluffy towel, his long hair twisted up in another on his head. With his hair pulled out his face, Sam could really tell that this was his brother… just the female version.
“Shit!” Sam cursed, his heart racing. He hadn’t known! “I’m sorry!”
“Cas – I will
“Yes,” Castiel and Dean said at the same time, not even missing a beat.
He rang his secretary as he unlocked his car and threw his briefcase into the passenger seat. He explained that he was running late, before shooting off the drive.
“Hi.”
Cas rolled his eyes, now with a good idea of where this was going. If it turned out he was correct, Cas knew someone who was going to be sleeping on the couch tonight (unless he did that
“Jesus Christ,” Cas rolled his eyes. “It’s Castiel Winchester.”
Soon enough, the gang members started to retreat as the police officers began to get the upper hand. Some of Dean’s officers came to his aid, shoving Deans gun back in his hand. Dean had no choice but to pull back from the fist fight and point the gun at the mob boss.
Dean laughed at his family realising how much he was going to miss them during his time at college. Although he was not going to miss their teasing about getting a girlfriend and he was so glad that now he would no longer have to play the high school sweetheart who had a different girl every night.
Castiel watched as Dean’s eyes lit up, and a small smile graced his lips. Castiel’s own heart fluttered, and he couldn’t help but smile back.
“I was thinking we could just get Chinese.”
“Give up, Novak,” Dean ordered coldly. He couldn’t wait for today wait for today to be over; he wanted to have some really rough sex and forget all about this atrocious ordeal.
“Woah, woah, woah!” Dean stood too. He had his hands-on Cas’ shoulders, being careful of his wound. “Calm down. She meant no harm, babe!”
“Daddy,” Dean whispered desperately in the mans ear, nuzzling his face into the crook of Cas’ neck.
He tried to apologise with his eyes; tried to tell Cas how sorry he was. But there was nothing he could do. Cas had put Dean in this position, and he hated him for it.
“Oh,” Sam was shocked by the question. “Um… I spent almost four years with Jessica. You pick up a few things.”
“I’m sorry Cas, but I have to ask…”
“Dean…” Sam gasped out, not too sure what else to say. “There’s a guy… in Dean’s room!”
“Woah, you look like you’ve seen a ghost kid,” He commented off handily.
“Dean!” The woman gushed, standing up and brushing her hands gently all over Dean’s face, head and shoulders. “Hi baby, are you okay? You hurt anywhere?”
Cas ran a hand through Dean’s short hair and came to a stop at his nape. He pulled lightly against the hair there, relishing in the keening noises falling from Dean’s mouth.
“I really am sorry, Cas,” Dean whispered. “I really am.”
“Thank you, Sammy.”
When the waitress retreated back to the kitchen to put their order in, their chat returned to what they were hunting.
Dean wondered into the building, humming to himself as he dodged around the many other students and parents. There were a few members of staff mulling about, but the majority of helpers were student ambassadors, easily distinguishable by the horrific yellow polo shirt they all had to wear. They were there as help and guides for the freshmen students who were moving in today. Dean paid no mind to anyone as he made his way towards the stairs, not even really glancing over the ridiculously long queue for the elevator. If he had, he would have spotted his own little brother waiting in line.
Sam took a few deep, shaky breaths before he raced back down the corridor with no real destination in mind. Benny was just coming out of the kitchen with a steaming cup in his hand.
A few days later, Sam found Dean cleaning and polishing their gear, ready for their next hunt, whenever that may be.
“Yeah, that’s Cas,” Benny nodded, taking a sip of his drink. “Or at least I hope it is. The guy’ll wail on your brother’s ass if it ain’t!”
“Cas – we need help with a hunt. Desperately!”
“No,” Cas ordered, pushing the man back down on the couch when Dean went to stand. “I’ll get rid of them.”
Cas’ eyes welled, and he couldn’t get the words out over the lump that had formed in his throat. He nodded vigorously and continuously, waiting for Dean to jump up and engulf him in a hug.
And with that, Sam was out the door before Dean could even process what had happened.
graders. Teaching was what Castiel had studied, and he excelled in it – Dean knew that from the guys devotion, dedication and the amazing results he managed to bag. Castiel had been in his third year of college when the two had met, and Dean had been so freaking happy and immensely proud of him when his boyfriend had graduated. Except, Dean had begun to have doubts over whether or not Castiel was going to stay or not, now he had all his grades; surely, he wouldn’t want to stick around with Dean – the good-for-nothing college kid he knew. He believed that Castiel was going to forget about him and more on to bigger and better things… maybe find someone new, someone who deserved Castiel more than Dean did. Castiel had called him an idiot when he’d found out about his boyfriend’s fears and exclaimed that he was a love-sick fool for Dean; he could never imagine loving anyone in the way that he loved Dean.
“What the fuck man?!” The figure exclaimed, looking just as Dean did – completely sleepy and 100% grumpy at being woken up. Sam hadn’t been expecting anyone to be in bed with Dean… let alone a
Dean spun around on his heals, instinctively tuned into his brother’s voice. He hadn’t realised that there was someone passing almost right behind him and they smacked into each other with force. Both of them went tumbling to the ground, and Dean’s comics went skidding across the shiny, tiled floor.
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean snarled, before sighing and changing the subject. “Look, if we really don’t get anywhere today, I’ll call someone tonight.”
“When’s your homework due in?”
“Yes!” Cas cried, nodding still and laughing.
“No one will ever be good enough for her,” Dean continued, quietly. “My baby girl. My angel.”
“Some girl trying to hit on me,” Dean commented casually, with a shrug.
“My apologies,” Cas spoke, although both Sam and Dean could hear that he really wasn’t.
A though suddenly hit Sam.
“Wait!” Dean exclaimed, pushing out of the kiss a moment later. “With your arm slung up like that; who’s going to iron my shirts?”
” He spat.
“Flirting is just part of my personality; you know it!” Dean winked again, before pulling the car door open and climbing into the driver’s seat.
Together they debated which supernatural being it could possibly be, ruling things out with a system of trial and error until they were left with a list of 3. They were a little closer to finding it, Sam guessed, but still it felt like they hadn’t gotten anywhere.
Dean didn’t miss a single beat.
Castiel knew he had to remain professional. All he could do was apologise and offer to find Gabriel and send him instead. He had no problem doing that, but he couldn’t help but feel like he had just been stabbed. The words were harsh and were clearly meant to be blows. It made him feel useless and worthless, like he really wasn’t able to do this job properly.
“No time Cassie. Winchester needs you.”
Dean coughed, jolted back to reality at the angel’s words. He rolled his eyes, trying to play cool. Cas didn’t look like he recognised Dean’s body language, so Dean wasn’t about to point it out.
Dean looked over the picture again. It had been taken from a distance, but it appeared like the mob boss was looking straight at the camera, and into his soul.
.” Cas started pointedly.
Dean huffed in mock frustration before he began mouthing at Cas’ pulse point, and lazily bucking his groin against Cas in hopes that it would get the teacher to forget about college and schooling and get him to just fuck him again.
Cas found himself seething. He knew that Dean was playing a game, but he had not the time, nor the patients right now! He needed to be at work, 26 minutes ago!
“Dean.”
“Shit! Now I’m
“SHOOT HIM!” Meg screamed, reaching the end of her tether.
“This just says ‘Castiel’.”
He recalled his boyfriend kissing him goodbye before he left for work, and knew that meant he had an hour before he himself even needed to be up; so, he’d turned over and fallen back to sleep. What he hadn’t realised was that he had neglected to set his alarm the night before.
The single gun-shot echoed around the room.
“Pie,” Sam smiled. “Comfort food always helps!”
It took Dean another moment, but he took a few shuddery breaths, clearly trying to ground himself. He then made sure the blankets were wrapped tightly around himself before slowly getting to his feet.
“Winchester,” Cas leered, spitting the name as if he was disgusted with it. Dean fought the roll of his eyes at the way Cas spoke; after all, it was Castiel who had
She giggled and reached up to grab at his face. He ducked down to blow a raspberry on her tummy, before sweeping her up and retuning to the master bedroom where Cas was snuggled up nice and warm under the covers.
“Well, we automatically assume you’re male, because of your current vessel…”
“Dean, I swear… you date whoever the hell you wanna date. If you want to fuck a girl, that’s fine! If you want to fuck a dude; go for it! I don’t bloody care! As long as your partner is treating you good, and you’re happy, then I’m happy too Dean! Seriously – this is coming from a bisexual guy, Dean.”
“Good luck, Clarence,” Meg called as he stepped into the shiny, metal elevator.
“Nothing,” Cas shook his head. “But I know exactly what you should do with your gift!”
Dean’s employees knew that their boss was married too. They knew that it had been a quiet ceremony and that he’d married his long-term boyfriend ‘Jimmy’. But they knew their boss kept that part of his life very private. No one had even seen a picture of Dean’s boyfriend, now husband, and so no one knew that ‘Jimmy’ was actually the city’s most wanted man.
“Don’t deny it,” Cas sighed.
Dean spared a side-glance at Sam. His brother was looking at his laptop screen again, but was most likely listening in. He quickly retuned his gaze to Cas, not wanting to get into even more trouble. He stared deep into those blue eyes, and gulped.
Dean let out a large, deep-belly laugh and pulled Claire closer to him, ruffling her hair and enjoying her possessiveness a little too much. And Cas’ unbelievable look just meant he couldn’t stop the laughter.
lore page on his laptop, when Dean flung a newspaper on the table he was sat at.
“But…” Dean tried. “Sam…”
“Sorry?”
“Cas!” Dean breathed in relief. He was glad to see the angel and was suddenly feeling so much more at ease with Cas so close. There was a flutter of something inside of Dean, that always happened when he laid eyes on Cas, and Dean couldn’t help the smile that overtook his face. “Am I glad to see you!”
Castiel shook his head, unable to take his eyes off of everyone. He would
Dean picked up the pen and started writing on the notepad again. This time, he didn’t say what he had written down, and Cas tried to see what he was writing, sitting up straighter to try and get a better look; it didn’t help.
“Morning,” Cas’ voice was just as rough as Dean’s, and it was sexy as hell in Dean’s opinion. Dean hummed in contentment as Cas turned to meet Dean half way, and pressed a gentle, lingering kiss to his lips.
The only response to that Dean got was a small smirk. Instead, Dean had to watch as his boyfriend busied himself around Dean’s room, setting up Dean’s own laptop at his desk and pulling out a notepad, a pen and Dean’s notes from his backpack. He then quite blatantly ordered Dean to get to work.
, he needed to run to his husband and call an ambulance. But he couldn’t.
Cas didn’t miss the sly smirk forming on Dean’s face out of the corner of his eye.
Castiel laughed and Dean could have sworn that it was the most amazing sound he had ever heard.
“Doubt it,” Dean muttered, but offered nothing else.
Anna, a fellow nurse-in-training, always complained that all Dean Winchester did was talk about that dreamy blue-eyed, trainee nurse, with a funny name, that he liked so much; did nothing but talk about him.
Cas smiled fondly. Dean barely admitted that, and normally only did when he was tired or ill. It warmed Cas to the core whenever he did. And he rarely used the word ‘cuddle’ either; it just wasn’t manly enough.
Dean looked up from his hiding spot, his eyes wet.
“I didn’t know we had a job interview today,” Sam commented. Dean didn’t reply, and when Sam flicked the file open, he knew why.
For a brief second, Dean looked taken aback by the question, but readily answered.
Soon enough, the smell of eggs and toast got stronger and stronger and Cas brought in a tray piled high with food and a jug of orange juice along with cups for them all.
“Thank you, very much,” He said sincerely. Castiel smiled kindly and was about to suggest that Dean put his oxygen mask back on when Dean spoke again. “That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely.”
Dean would very much
“Have you seriously just employed your husband?” Sam asked in disbelief, raising an eyebrow.
Sam didn’t say anything, but his thoughts painted a picture of Dean passed out on his bed, still fully clothed, an empty bottle of vodka or something in his hand, smelling strongly of alcohol. He frowned… if his brother had partied with Benny last night, he doubted that Dean would be up to much this weekend.
“What did I tell ya?” Benny playfully scoffed loudly, voice teasing as he stood from his chair. His loud tone disrupted the bubble of love and peace that had fallen over Dean and Cas and both looked over at him, not saying anything. “Sickening, ain’t it.”
And then Dean went and blurted it out to Sam over dinner one evening. And Cas almost killed his boyfriend right on the spot. It wasn’t something he was ashamed of, but it was certainly something that he didn’t make common knowledge. Just like Dean keeping their relationship secret from their brother still, even though they had been sharing each other’s bed for well over 6 months now.
Instead, Dean grunted, and struggled to speak again, repeating himself;
“I’m not here to get a girlfriend Sammy,” Dean replied, smirking but feeling his tummy recoiling at the thought. He’d never been interested in girls, but he couldn’t afford to be caught being interested in guys either… his Dad would skin him alive and disown his ass if he ever found out. “I’m here to keep my head down, get my work done and become the best god damn Doctor I can!”
Castiel had yet to see the man, having started slightly later. But as soon as he signed himself in, Gabriel was on top of him, shoving a sponge into his hand.
thing with his tongue to make up for it!)
Sam looked the guy over, taking in Cas’ tall form, deep blue eyes and silky black hair. He was dressed in crumpled sweatpants and an unironed shirt. Sam hummed, realising that Cas looked just like the girlfriend that Dean had described to him on many occasions. Sam wondered whether Cas was a teacher and whether he baked a mean apple pie… probably… just like there probably never was a girlfriend.
“Did you really just ask that question, Charlie?” Dean asked.
“Nurse Novak is amazing at his job! He’s taken good care for me, and nothing is too much trouble! I,” Dean had to pause, had to take a breath. Mrs Winchester, rushed to rub soothing circles over Dean’s shoulder. “I don’t care that he’s a trainee! He’s my nurse, and I trust him with my life!”
“Dean, what’s this?” Sam asked, a knowing smirk to his face as he pointed out the notebook he had given his brother.
Cas smiled as he shook twice before letting the hand go. The kid’s touch was sweaty and clammy, but he didn’t mind; he must have had quite a shock when he saw him in bed with his elder brother not even 30 minutes previously.
Or, should he say, his sister?
“Love you Clarence!”
“I didn’t want to bare witness to whatever it was you two clearly wanted to do,” Sam shuddered. “I went and paid for another room.”
“Has it occurred to you that, until we get back to normal, we have to
had been all the show he’d needed to realise that Castiel really
Sam didn’t answer, knowing that it would be a completely different story if his brother’s angelic boyfriend was here.
Dean’s face burnt bright red, just as the waitress appeared.
“I know, but Professor Novak is so much hotter,” Dean smirked, rolling his eyes as he moved aside and let his boyfriend into the dorm.
“Eye’s on me please, baby,” Cas ordered lightly. “Sam told you yesterday he was okay with this. So don’t worry about him. Now tell me; what does Daddy say about flirting?”
Cas’ mob knew their boss was married, and to whom. They were under strict instruction’s not to hurt the Chief of Police under any circumstances. Dean didn’t even want to think of the long, painful death that his husband had promised the gang if they disobeyed that particular rule.
“Are my testicles black?”
~THE TO-DO LIST~
“Some demon bitch!” Dean spat, cutting his friend off. “Thought it be funny to mess with me and Sam before we ganked her ass!”
“Are my testicles black?”
“You fucking shot me; you bastard!”
Castiel grabbed the oxygen mask and reset it comfortably over Dean’s face.
“Will there be pie?” Dean asked before he yawned.
He patted Sam’s shoulder as he walked past him, leaving the room while muttering something about leaving them all to it.
“Okay,” Cas sighed, way too over dramatically, as he put all his credentials back into the glove compartment and unstrapped his seatbelt. “
“That’s not a problem Sam,” Cas reassured the younger Winchester, as he helped the eldest into the booth. “We were later waking this morning.”
“Thought you were cursing that body?” Sam asked, off handily, taking a seat on his own bed.
“I hate you!” Castiel snarled, before turning on his heel.
“But you can break it?” He asked hopefully.
“Dean!”
Surprisingly, Sam said nothing more.
The voice was familiar, but wasn't the one that Sam had been expecting.
Sam sniffed, looking into his mug of barely touched coffee before he leant forward and placed it on the coffee table, not sure he could bring himself to drink it. He could feel the glare of two sets of eyes following his every movement. He fiddled with his fingers and nibbled on his bottom lip before he built up enough courage to glance at his brother through his bangs.
“Without Benny, I get you all to myself… all night.”
“Oh for fuck sake,” The mob boss cursed, sitting up and subsequently letting Dean up too. Dean looked thoroughly blissed out, but his eyes were wide as he looked around for his shirt.
Even when Castiel wasn’t here for job interviews (which he never had been before) he always made sure to knock on the door, in case he was interrupting something important going on inside.
“Make your move, Winchester,” Cas threatened, waving his gun around. There was a glint in his eyes as if he was teasing him.
The mob boss, and his gang were the bane of his life. He put his head in his hands and groaned.
Dean laughed loudly, but continued.
As carefully as he could, Dean climbed into the bed and began to curl himself up next to Cas, with his head on the guy’s chest.
It was hilarious, and Sam couldn’t stop laughing. He went to mutter a half-assed apology and greet his brother properly, but then another figure appeared from behind Dean.
“Dean!” Cas cried. “No!”
“Good morning,” Castiel greeted with a small smile, trying to ignore the blush that was fluttering up and no doubt about to cover his face when his thoughts went straight to what had happened in here yesterday. He was just glad that Dean hadn’t had visitors when
“Excuse me?” He chocked, clearly not having expected that.
“You know I’m not one for sappy stuff,” Dean explained with a shrug, and this time Cas couldn’t help the small laugh and smirk that appeared on his face. “Hell, getting down on one knee is a
“I missed you too Daddy,” Dean gasped, unable to keep the keen of want from his voice.
And then one day, they bumped into each other again. Literally bumped into each other. And, believe it or not, Dean had just come out of the local comic book store, his arms full of new comics.
! Shit! No, no, no,
“Charlie, what the fuck are you doing at my house!” Dean repeated, his heart hammering in his chest. Their cover was blown. By morning the whole of the town would know that their chief of police was married to the mob boss.
“Dad!” The other person in the room, Dean’s younger brother if he had to guess, cried.
“No,” Dean whined, like a child whose favourite toy was being taken away for bad behaviour. He chased Cas’ body heat, falling off his pillow and landing on Cas’ side of the bed. “Come back!”
The older student was grumbling and holding his shoulder. He sat up slowly, blinking and gathering his surroundings again. Dean himself was doing the same, the sudden change in height was almost dizzying.
“I can’t live like this, man,” Dean continued. “It’s weird! And freaky!”
voice. Sam noticed that it seemed to have an effect on his brother; his obviously kinky brother. Wow, this was a lot to take in.
Some lunatic driving an artic lost control and had swerved across to the other side of the road, to collide straight on with Dean.
“I did a little investigating on my own, boss,” Charlie explained, not sounding sorry in the slightest. “You keep this part of your life so private that I knew there had to be some big secrets here somewhere.”
Cas rolled his eyes. It seemed that Dean was going to be much or less like this the whole way through the interview, even considering the very obvious wedding band on his left hand that matched Cas’.
“You mean, never,” Charlie mumbled, more to herself.
Dean had no idea what Cas was doing, but his heart rate sped up at the idea of his husband surrendering. He hoped he had something up his sleeve, because if the police crew really did get the upper hand then Dean would have only two options; throw a pair of handcuffs around the man’s wrist and lead him off to the rest of his life behind bars; or throw his badge down and join the Novak Gang.
“Have you got something to say, Charlie?” Dean asked, crossing his arms and giving the younger officer a pointed look.
“I won’t let her,” Dean snarled. “I’ll chase away any boy who tries to steal her away from me!”
“Mum,” The man fussed, raising his hands to weakly push her fretting hands away. “’m fine.”
“We share a bed,
Cas’ voice greeted him, before it returned to Dean.
Cas sat in one of the chairs at the table, arms crossed and eyes narrowed at his boyfriend.
Cas held back a chuckle at the banter between the two. He hadn’t said anything so far, and that was okay. It was nice to just sit back and observe at times. Besides, he didn’t know how to enter this conversation without taking a side, and he knew how Dean would feel if he accidentally said something that would make it sound like he was siding with Sam.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the teasing jerk, and he decided not to respond. He walked away to gather everything he’d need, before making his way to the more-than-familiar room.
“Okay, I’ll send him straight through,” She placed the phone down and looked directly at Cas. “The boss is waiting Clarence.”
Dean coughed and spluttered.
Claire started climbing, crawling all over the big bed, babbling away to Dean. Although Dean had no idea what the girl was saying, he went along with it, making up the other half of the conversation;
Sam disappeared around the corner, entering the maze of corridors that belongs to the Men of Letter’s Bunker, taking his duffle with him.
Sam walked out of the room muttering something about horny brothers, and insolent fathers.
Dean stopped beside the impala and looked Sam dead-on.
And today was no exception.
“How’s college?” Cas asked softly, breaking apart from the heated kiss.
“Oh angel,” He breathed, his heart over spilling with love for her. “Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?”
“I know,” Cas shushed, hands coming down gently on Dean’s shoulders and rubbing softly. “But this is important Dean. You know how dangerous it is to leave things like this to the last minute. It could be the deciding factor on whether or not you graduate.”
“Dinner sounds
He exclaimed once it clicked a moment later.
Sam raised his eyebrows; he knew that wasn’t the reason Dean wasn’t calling Cas… they had fallen out before they had taken on this hunt – over something as trivial as Cas going ahead and watching the latest episode of 'Orange is the New Black' without Dean. Dean had not been happy with Cas and it was one reason why they had come on this stupid hunt in the first place.
It took him a moment to realise that the high-pitched cry was Dean, and he was out of bed and running to his brother’s room without a second thought. The gun he held in his hand felt too big and heavy for him, but he clutched it tightly, not knowing what he would find.
Castiel didn’t mind that at all; it wasn’t awkward or strained. He actually found it very easy to lose himself when talking to Dean; he sometimes got so caught up in what he was saying, that he hadn’t realised he’d finished his job until he was packing everything away. It was almost therapeutic, in a way. And Dean didn’t seem bothered by it either, especially if Anna and Gabe’s accounts were anything to go by.
“Oh, and just so you know; the walls aren’t that thick; I can hear everything.”
“How long till Dean gets a girlfriend?!” Sam teased, ducking his brothers arm as Dean made a grab for him. His 14-year-old brother laughed and hid behind their mother.
Dean breathed a few times in disbelief. Had he really just done what he thought he’d done?
Dean, who had always bent to meet her every demand, took her eagerly, and on instinct from Cas.
Dean was followed into the room by the stranger that had been in his bed. Sam watched as the guy (Cas? He’s pretty sure that’s what Benny had called the guy.) placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed in support and reassurance, a small smile spared only for Dean and Sam suddenly felt like he was intruding on something really personal and intimate.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, and decided to get his own back.
“Careful there Sammy,” Dean ordered lightly when they crossed paths, Dean on his way back to the car to get the last of the bags and boxes.
“I’m telling you man, it’s a demon!” Dean grumbled.
~IT GOES LIKE THIS~
“Dean?” Sam called, placing the bags on the table. He winced at how un-Sam-like his voice sounded, but shook his head and refocusing on his brother.
“A problem?” Sam squeaked at the harsh tone, not completely following Dean’s thought process. “A problem with what?” He paused and looked between the two men before him before it clicked. “A problem with you dating a guy? Dude! Get out of here! I don’t bloody care about that! I’m not Dad, Dean!”
Luck didn’t seem to be on his side that morning.
Sam looked at his brother, raising his eyebrows.
“Excuse me, Sir,” But this wasn’t Dean, his boyfriend of 6 years, it was Officer Winchester. “I have a warrant for your arrest.”
“Good boy,” Cas hummed, leaning forward and pressing a hard kiss to Dean’s lips. “And don’t you forget it.”
“No, Charlie,” Dean addressed the slightly shaken woman again. “He’s not forcing me. And before you ask, I can handle him. We know each other inside and out.”
He pulled to a stop at the side of the road, and dove for the glove compartment where he kept his licence and insurance paperwork for instances such as this. He knew he hadn’t been speeding, and unless he had a busted brake light, he had no idea why the cops would be pulling him over.
“They’ll go away when they realise no one’s going to answer them.”
“Thanks babe,” Dean sighed in relief as he grabbed both items and put them on. “You’re a star.”
“Maybe,” Cas hummed.
Cas had lost his gun somewhere in the fight, and Dean cocked his higher when he realised this even though his instincts were telling him to drop it completely. There was still an epic fight going on in the background, but they knew they could still have eyes on them.
“Winchester,” Castiel corrected coldly. “It’s Castiel Winchester.”
“You weren’t complaining,” Cas grumbled, watching as his husband slipped his work shirt over his shoulder and did up the last couple of buttons.
That truly killed the mood, although Dean knew that wasn’t what Cas had been going for. And, he knew it was true. Still, he frowned.
“And where’s the sulphur? Hmm?” Sam asked, pausing as the waitress arrive with a notebook in her hand.
Sam smiled wide. It suited them both.
“I can see that,” Charlie nodded to the elephant in the room, which was Cas. “Castiel Novak, Dean? Really?”
“Don’t deny it; you love it,” Cas muttered, voice quiet as he perched himself down on the arm of the couch. He leant down slightly, towards Dean and pressed a small kiss to the guys lips.
Castiel took another moment, before deciding that he needed to just suck it up and check this man’s testicles. It was clearly distressing him, and Castiel himself was starting to worry that the concern Dean has for his testicles will elevate his blood pressure and his heart rate which really would not be good for him especially in his condition.
Castiel looked over the man fondly. He nodded.
“Castiel,” Gabe snapped harshly, succeeding in catching his brother’s attention, stopping him from going any further. There was a group huddled round them now, and someone had already rushed in the direction that Castiel had just come from to check on Dean Winchester. “Is Winchester okay?”
“I don’t know!” Dean snapped, before stomping towards one of the two motel beds. “But I automatically went to take my dick out, alright?!”
“Sure thing! Though the apple pie might take a while, they are being made in the back, so it’ll be fresh out of the oven, but you’ll have to wait.” Cas explains.
“Sorry.” Dean simply said, wiping away the leftover fluid with his sleeve.
-Sam-
Cas handed him a small paper with an address on it. Dean started up the engine once more, and kept driving.
“Gabe, you don’t have allergies.”
This is how their date went, with an unexpected (expected) twist at the end.
“Well uhm, yes?” Sam shrugged. “It really is no big deal.”
D: Anything for you Sammy
I think it's time I explain to you how my personal Idea of a soulmate AU works, and what you can expect from this story in general. I don't want to disappoint anyone, so I think it better to explain the base rules.
“What did you really want to tell me?” Sam asked, softly, placing his hand on his shoulder.
He felt a headache shoot from his soulmark straight to his head, and he groaned again.
D: I’m leaving, so now you’re on your own. And let me know if you need a ride home
“Dean, you are not broken. I still want to date you, and I am honored that you shared this with me.” He said, trying to speak as softly as possible. Dean sobbed again, so soft Cas almost missed it.
“I am Dean...the mechanic?” He answered questioningly, wondering if maybe he got the wrong address.
-Cas-
“What is it Cas?”
“Okay s-Dean.”
I'm glad it's finished, I felt a lot of pressure, so I think the writing might seem hurried near the end.
“This is close to where I grew up.” Sam didn’t respond. It was a sort of hut, no walls but it did have a plastic canvas functioning as a roof.
“I think it’s an important thing to know when you’re on a first date. Establish some ground rules, y’know?” Dean shrugged, which was hard considering he was leaning on his arms.
So Cas hated him now, great, fucking great.
“I love you too.” Dean responded, and the men immediately broke apart, not because they wanted to but because both their soulmarks burned. They shifted apart, Dean unbuttoning his shirt to look at his, and Cas untucking his blouse. They were both activated.
The girl looked up at Dean, and then at Cas through the edge of large, round glasses.
Sammy is typing...
“Yes i was meaning to ask about that.” Cas replied. “Why this place?”
“Around my waist, with the hands at my back. Why do you ask?” Cas looked genuinely confused.
-Dean-
Cas: Maybe it’s someone you don’t know? Your brother has a life of his own you know?
“A girlfriend?”
Of course she did. Why, pray tell, did he work here again?
“Whoa, careful buddy, don’t wanna end up hurting yourself.” He offered his arm, but Cas slapped it away. “I don’t need your help!” He shouted. “You don’t know me! You think you’re everything but you can’t see what’s in front of you! And then-” He sighed, and balanced himself with his hand on the hood of the car. “Then you go ahead and hurt...people. Hurt me.” “Cas, you know i care about you.” Dean leaned down to catch Cas’s downcast eyes. “You have a fucking awful way of not showing me then.” Cas bit back.
“No, one of my friends is sick and i want to give him something to eat, something light on the stomach but also sweet. Any ideas? Please tell me you have some he’s really important to me.”
Here we finally are again! I hope this one leaves you guys inspired enough to drop a comment!
“Eat, you’ll feel better.”
Okay he really needed to calm down. Sam was here, in his house, with food for him. His eyes must still be puffy, but if Sam noticed he was nice enough not to mention it.
They’d moved, gotten a bigger house when Sam got a job as a trial lawyer, and his case got huge media attention. Gabriel was not a fan of big courtrooms and the pressure, instead choosing smaller cases and running a charity to reform bail.
“Hello. Can i have a...uhm coffee with one sugar and a piece of cherry pie?”
Whoo another chapter done! I apologize for my spelling and grammar mistakes and I hope you liked it anyway. And guess what my friend gave me for my birthday! A Venus flytrap! As always, feel free to please talk to me in the comments and drop a kudos if It was good.
“I love you too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-Gabriel-
Painful:
Another chapter in less than a week??? how??? also I think this is the longest one I have written for this story. Please feel free to comment and make my day!
Sam was reminded of how Gabriel behaved before he came to campus. He was told that Gabriel would sometimes skip classes, especially when things got rough at home because his brothers and sisters moved out one by one. Charlie told him that after his brother moved out, he was the only one left at home without all his siblings and his mother, and he went into a severe slump. He would rarely show up to classes, and also didn’t go home, instead wandering around town doing god knows what. But apparently, when Sam became quick friends with him, he turned around almost immediately according to Charlie. He managed to move out, and went to live with his brother instead. His grades went up, and he went to school more, everyday even, and bought an older secondhand car and fixed it up. Sam found a badly needed friend in Gabriel, after running away from his abusive dad with Dean he hadn’t ever felt that lonely. Gabriel was easily his best friend, and sometimes he hoped for more than friends, if he was being honest with himself in the late hours of the night.
okay well, that changed a lot. Gabriel’s mind screeched to a halt. FUCK.
Rule 3: Sometimes soulmates do not match up. However, there will always be a sign that you are their soulmate and they are not yours and you will always have some kind of significant bond with that person. I'm sorry Brenda, but your husband's best friend Rob has had a more meaningful relationship with him than you even though your most meaningful relationship is with him, because the idea that romantic attraction is more important than all other forms of attraction is something society forces on us and it's not a fact. It doesn't mean that he doesn't love you or that he's secretly cheating on you with Rob.
~~Sam~~
“Castiel, nice to meet you.” The man nodded with a genuine smile and turned around and simply said:
Cas turned his head to look at Dean.
He goes back to the front. Dean is sitting with his back to him, texting someone, maybe a partner, Cas’s mind supplies (non) helpfully.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hee heeee!” Cas laughed, huffing out air that smelled strongly of bourbon. “Okay buddy, let’s get you home, allright?” Dean made his way to the front door. He had only had one beer, expecting to have to drive home Sam as well. Balancing his friend with one hand, he opened the door with the other, trying not to lose his balance and land on the carpet. “There we go, come on Cas, one foot in front of the other.” Cas clumsily stumbled out of the door, almost falling down the stairs leading up to the front door. Dean noticed him slipping, slammed the door shut on his finger and caught Cas with his other arm. He yelped out in pain, shuffling with his foot to get the door open again and pulled his finger out. Luckily the door wasn’t very heavy, so it didn’t actually break his finger, but it looked like it would bruise for a while.
Sam sighs, well at least Dean left him a painkiller and some water. He takes the painkiller and downs the water in one go. Then he changes into a warm sweater and sweatpants, before walking back to the kitchen. He takes out his egg, and puts a packet of ramen in the hot water. Yep, he is really fucked. Forget about getting anything done today, the thinks to himself.
“You took the bus all the way here just to give me some food?” He raised an eyebrow, and seemed to smirk.
“Hello, i am Dean, his brother.”
“Heya Sammy, what are you telling your wonderful lady companion about?”
His heart unwillingly jumps. So what if he’s been thinking about him on the regular, or daydreaming about meeting him again? That’s no one’s business but his own. But not like this. He looks positively drained of energy, and everything about his appearance, from his clothes to his hair is messy. He looks down. He is wearing pants he’d meant to wash after someone bumped into him and spilled their coffee on them, his socks are mismatched, on the left blue with deadpool and spiderman on them, and on the left black ones with Gandalf holding a stop sign. The only thing that looks okay is his shirt, dark blue -nearly black- and even that is crumpled. Yeah, he shouldn’t work looking like this, let alone meet Dean again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You- you’re afraid of it?” Dean asked, with concern on his face. Cas nodded, his eyes near tears at such a stupid thing to be upset about. Then, there was a strong arm across his shoulders, holding him tight. Castiel looked to his side and saw Dean smiling at him.
It was a little awkward, the position was not great, but it felt right. Just perfect. Cas understood in that moment that Dean and he fit together like puzzle pieces. He felt Dean’s hand hovering behind his soulmark, and placed his own hands on Dean’s. After a while they broke the kiss. It wasn’t rough, yet not so sappy.
“Odd.” Cas commented. “I wonder how long it take to digest.”
Also I'm sorry.
His soulmark started pulsing, and his heart pounded in his chest. He turned to Gabriel, his ears ringing. Gabriel seemed confused, gripping his shoulder and softly rubbing it. Sam grabbed him by his light blue pajamas and kissed him.
“Bet on what?” Cas asked with a cheeky grin. dean seemed taken aback.
A silence fell again, not uncomfortable, but light and understanding. After a few minutes Cas broke it.
“My dad isn’t an alcoholic, i haven’t heard from him in almost a year and i lied because i am too scared to tell you the truth.” Gabriel looked away from his crush, and felt tears welling up. He kept his focus on the door, hoping that he could make it out the door and to his room at the end of the dark hallway without getting caught by Sam or tripping over something.
There was a pleasant smell coming from the kitchen when Dean woke up. He felt warm and safe, a rare feeling. He wasn’t holding Cas however, Cas was holding him. He’d always thought that he’d hate getting spooned, let alone by a guy. Even though he was bi, he never felt much for the idea. But it’s not like what he expected. It did not feel weird, but like he was being protected. The blanket that reached up until Cas’ arms added to the idea, making Dean feel like he was wrapped in angel wings.
“He said he never wants to see me again.” His bed creaked, and Sam had positioned himself on the foot end of Dean’s bed, sitting cross legged and dangling his face above Dean’s.
Gabriel felt a headache come on.
Dean shuts off his phone, and starts up baby. Well, maybe Sam will stop talking about it. Or maybe he will tell Charlie. Or Joe. Who knows? But if he does, there’s always that story of the Halloween party to blackmail Sam into shutting the fuck up. Dean grins as the light turns green. Yeah, maybe he should drop Sammy off more often as well.
“So what do i do now?” He asked, not bothering to correct his brother that he had heard Cas perfectly fine -thank you very much-.
“Well?” Castiel spat at Bobby with his wolf’s voice. “Answer the question! Is this what it’s going to take, Robert Singer? Do you need me to put you on your knees?”
Also, the brave and wonderful Melodina (I don't know how to link to her name) has built us a Keller chart to reference.  Link here:  http://pre14.deviantart.net/47ae/th/pre/f/2017/170/a/4/keller_score_graph_by_melodinaa-dbd96rl.jpg
“Yeah, it kinda is.  Look, we’re having a family.  Kids, man.  Pups.  Probably a basketful.  April’s never going to be home – when she is, she’ll be tied to her piano.  Cas will be in Dayton more than Lawrence…or New York, or Seattle, or where-the-fuck-ever the mission takes him.  I’m here except for the conventions.  Right here, man.  I’m at home more than I’m gone.  That’s my role.  I’m putting book writing at the top of my professional plan because it lets me stay close to where the pups are and keeps my hands in the big picture.  Where are YOU going to be?”
And Dean laughed harder.
“It appears some of the Pack are in the Game room.  Do not be alarmed.  We won’t disturb them.  Our destination is across the hall, and we can close the door.”
Dean shook his head slowly and closed his eyes.
“Yes, it is.”
“I have to tell Pete no on the manager thing.  I’m not suited to anything that directly interpersonal anyway.  I would hate it, and I would hate watching people trying to get close to her and feeling obligated to run interference all the time.  I’d be more a handicap to her than a help.”
“Indeed?” Cas asked flatly, unsurprised.  “Perhaps this experience will teach you to be more judicious about allowing yourself to play a role in his machinations.  On your feet.  Take off your pants.  Brace your palms against the workbench here.  Feet three feet apart.  Watch where you step.  There may be debris on the floor.”
“Let’s get it over with then.”  Dean pulled her down over one leg, using his other to support her legs. “Hands on the floor. Hold yourself in place and don’t move.”  He lifted her skirt and pulled her panties to her knees. Her backside was a little bruised already, but he knew she could take it. He rested a hand in the middle of her ass. “This is the first time for both of us, April, so we need to be careful. You tell me if you need a break, but other than that, don’t break position. Cas tells me you’re a natural. Do you have any questions?”
“Doesn’t matter what I think, Winchester.”
“If he gives it all back to you, how is that a change?”
“And Meg?”
Dean took a spot beside Cas while the Alpha ate lunch. Dean faced outward on the bench, leaning against the hard line of the table.
Once in a great while, there was a vastly different sensation when his father’s hand struck home – only once in a very great while.  And while the pain was the same, and the power set Cas’ ears ringing, his head would suddenly clear as if emerging from great clouds.  His mother told him that the spanking must have knocked his sinuses clear, but Cas didn’t feel it in his sinuses.  He couldn’t make heads or tails of anything when that happened, but he knew that he felt much better in the coming days, even if he hadn’t thought he’d been feeling poorly in the first place.  Father suggested that perhaps those were the corrections that Castiel had truly taken to heart, and it made him walk lighter.  But, no, that didn’t ring true for the boy either.
Sam’s wolf longed to show hers what a real challenge looked like.  This wasn’t the time or place though.
“I miss you too, Dean. It’s been a rough few days. How are things going?”
He seethed at Dean.  He took a bruising grip on Dean’s bicep and brought his face in very close to Dean’s.  Cas could feel his husband’s breath catch, but his eyes didn’t waver.
“It’s not about pups,” she told him with her spine in place.  “It’s about wanting to be yours.  Really yours.  It’s about wanting to share your name between the two of us and not just through our mates.  Do you know that the media has no choice but to keep calling you my ‘boyfriend’?”  She put irritable finger quotes around the word, leaving Michael frowning with no good answer.  “And I’m your girlfriend.  In fifty years, I’ll still just be your girlfriend, only, they’ll add the word ‘longtime’ in front.  Michael, I don’t want to be your longtime girlfriend.  Don’t you get it?”
with her.  He’s gonna be paddling her bare ass and knotting her, and he’s gonna do it while you’re hundreds of miles away.  Please don’t write it off as a business relationship.  It’s gonna be so much more than that.  And you might actually rip his head off his shoulders without ever realizing you’re at risk of doing that.  Man, I need you to be sure.  It’s too dangerous to take it lightly.”
Dean scrubbed a hand over the back of his neck.  He took a moment, ignoring all the eyes on him.  “I want to know he’s in good hands.  I need to know he’s getting everything he needs.  If we find where he’s holed up, and the staff or whoever won’t talk to us, then maybe we contact him directly.  But I want to try this way first.  I just want to check up on him.  See if he needs anything he can’t afford.  Maybe greenlight the good meds.  I don’t want him in any pain if we can stop it.”
“Wait.  Hold up!” Michael protested.  “Why do you need that from me and not from him?  You’ve got me practically filing a treatise on the gangbang we both want before it goes forward, but it’s okay for him to plow you whenever and however?”
“I didn’t see anything,” she told him.  “What did you find?”
“Were you trying?” he asked.
Castiel didn’t go far. The library was across the hall from his office. Cas led Michael in and closed the door behind him. They wouldn’t be disturbed. The library door was always open, so closing it was a clear declaration of intent.
Michael didn’t protest the morning’s schedule. He was pale and a little shaky, but he’d obviously decided to give it his best boy scout try, and he stood squarely before his trainers with his game face on. Dean didn’t stay long, and he didn’t sit to talk the training plan through. He simply gave Michael a minute of deep connection and support, let him know that he wasn’t alone, let him stand and take a long drink from Dean’s pained eyes, and then left the room as quickly as he’d come.
The two wolves ducked through the beaded curtain and into the back. The construction of the doorway was deceptive. Carefully positioned fans provided enough white noise, and the nearest tables were a good distance away. No one could approach the curtain close enough to hear anything inside without being observed. They’d found Zeke’s back room useful many times over the years, each of the four owners keeping it handy for a different purpose. Weekend Owners’ meetings nearly always happened here.
And then the shouting started.  Clinic staff rushed past him at a quick jog, calling to one another urgently.  Cas fell in with them, his ears picking out what he needed, and his fingers digging into his pocket to stow his phone.  He grabbed a pair of gloves from the wall dispenser on his way out the door.  The car sat at a diagonal, half on the sidewalk, and covering the walkway.  The rear door was open, and blood was everywhere.  Castiel went into emergency mode.  A panicked beta had the Omega in a clumsy carry that he wouldn’t be capable of maintaining very far.  Cas called for a gurney, and two medics peeled off immediately.  He wrapped the young man in his own arms, letting blood flow over his hands and a forearm, and he took him bodily from his mate.  Crap, they were Mated.  Cas could smell it.  The beta only resisted for a moment, but then he released his Omega with a wail of despair.  Cas settled the boy on the gurney, tucking his limbs carefully inside the railing, laying his blood-covered hand atop his own stomach, and then placing two fingers at his throat.
Dean grumbled.
The panel table sat upon a raised shaded dais at the front of the open-air auditorium. They were part of an
The great wolf lifted its chin, pulling Dean’s eyes to it. “You are mistaken about us, Dean Winchester. You believe me fettered. But I am no bound creature, and he is no lion tamer. He has but one pet.”
Yep, she was officially on Castiel’s list. He didn’t want to be here, and he’d be damned if this useless waste of carbon and water was going to lead this parade. Luckily, Bobby didn’t care either way. He knew Cas’ body language well and sat back in his chair, ignoring the moderator’s prompt, ceding the response to the grumpy Alpha.
“You’re starving your wolf, Cas. Don’t you see? He’s on a leash so short he can’t lift his damn head, and it’s for nothing! Pull the stick outta your ass and
He’d assumed that since all three rooms started at the same time, that they would track together, granting Michael a solid break once all three couples lay knotted in repose, waiting for completion. He had little to do once the alpha shot his ameliorative spunk up into the harried Omega, and Michael closed out his log entry with final readings, but that looked-for break only came around after the very first round. Each couple remained knotted for a different length of time, and it took a doctor following each alpha’s departure a different span to examine the Omega and prescribe the next course of action. Soon, Michael had three monitors showing entirely different points in the cycle, granting him no break at all.
And here the alpha was in his professional capacity doing precisely that in ways that touched hundreds of people in a single day.  Michael watched the staff hang on his every word at their morning meeting, seeking guidance from the man who could untangle their most complex problems, trusting him to take them seriously, and lead them out of the mire.
“Why are you here, Nicholas?” Castiel demanded.  The Custody Release sat unfolded on his desk, and Nick’s face was still blotchy from his strapping.  He sat uneasily on Castiel’s couch.  It had taken no effort to win Jenn’s agreement that her Omega deserved a solid punishment, and she herself had apologized profusely for not calling the Winchester Pack to make the arrangements.  Apparently, Nick told her he would take care of everything.
Castiel nodded, “And while you don’t have any power to lessen the soreness of the ass I plan to make you sit upon, you may retain the ability right now to make it oh, so much worse if you continue to brat at me.  Make your decision, Dean.  It doesn’t matter to me either way.  I’m not going to ask you again to answer my question.”
“This way, Doc,” said Gabriel in a sober voice that Pam wasn’t accustomed to hearing.
Friday, May 19, 2017
Her phone buzzed at the same time Cas’ did.  They both reached.  They both read.  They both looked up at one another.
and to shuffle them off to the side, keep them on as employees, keep them handy for balance and family and chemical equilibrium. This is totally on you two fucking up the dynamic by waiting for True-Mates to muddy the water. The problem is you like me too much. You’re getting me mixed up with him in your head. And your heart. Dean, we don’t have to make it that complicated.”
Dean lowered his chin and raised his eyebrows in a look that was painfully reminiscent of Castiel.  “Is it a crush, Michael?”
“Goddamn, you’re incredible,” he muttered softly. “Look at you.” Cas shifted his feet again, feeling the rush of endorphins sweep through him. “Can’t believe you exist and you’re right here, right here for me. Hold…Hold, baby…I love you so much.”
“Let’s get some lunch and try to get some work done,” Sam suggested.  “Cas will look after him, and Michael’s phone is in his locker anyway.  You wouldn’t be able to reach him.”
Dean saluted irreverently and skipped backward on his heels, jaunty. “I’m covering for Cas this afternoon. I’ll see you at two for Operation’s monthly recap. That’ll prove my headspace one way or another. Those assholes would test anyone’s stability.”
“What are you talking about? Jesus!”  Michael stepped back as if she’d struck him.  “Is that what you think of me?”
Dean blanched at the expression on his fiancé’s face.  “Oh.  Uh.  Shit.  I mean…”  Somewhere along the line, Dean must have earned a shit-ton of bad karma to gift him a mouth that kept turning on him like that.
“Make me,” Cain spat back.
Michael’s tight smile didn’t reach his eyes.  “Quentin was my grandmother,” he said dully.  “On my mother’s side.  He was a gentle soul, and a genuinely kind man.  I only knew him when I was young, but he always carried sweets in his pockets for the pups at church.  He died young; too young.”
Dean smiled to himself, scrubbed his nose with a palm, snuggled back in, and fell into a soft snoring without a single coherent thought.
Michael laughed in delight.
“Dean, I’m not ever going to leave you. You don’t owe me anything.”
“What?  It’s got plenty of life left.  I suppose you throw them out as soon as the first sharpening wears away.”  Dean was incensed, and he swiped his pencil back.
“Absolutely. I believe that’s precisely what we saw when he confronted Jody. That’s why he needs training from both sides as well as learning to occupy the Omega. Michael has the capacity to hurt someone.” Cas tucked his kit into the suitcase and closed it. “On the other hand, his wolf is clearly the weaker of the two. All his human side needs is a solid set of tools in his toolbox, and he’ll be unstoppable.”
“Gabe?”
Dean frowned in concern. “Shh. Let’s save that kinda talk until you’ve got your body back under control. You don’t need to add any more pain right now.”
“You lot suck, you know that? All of you. Fuck you all.”
“YesSIR!”
“You don’t believe you deserve praise or love.  You believe you
faced?!”  Michael’s eyes shone gold and reflected the light.  “Dean, I’m only going to say this once, because I love you more than you’ll ever understand.  But you are an
Outside, in the physical world, Castiel lined his cock up carefully and pressed inside.  His was an aggression borne of anticipation and control.  It was the relentless, unstoppable tide climbing slowly to its peak.  He didn’t growl or snarl at Michael.  He didn’t need the frenzied rutting that he sometimes used.  Castiel’s Alpha was in control at the moment, but his monstrous wolf honored the Dominance of the smaller wolf and allowed him the respect of beginning with a measured, deliberate pace, never taking its eyes off its prey.  For, respected or not, honored or otherwise, Michael was prey, and like the falling of the night that takes light from the sky, Castiel would subsume him.
Cas wasn’t surprised when Michael turned up. He had likely heard Cas through the intercom that was turned on as a baby monitor. There was a schedule to maintain, and the morning routine went easier with two sets of hands. The Omega wasn’t in any hurry though. He sidled up behind his Alpha, propped his chin intimately on Castiel’s shoulder, and looked down upon their waking pups. Michael’s easy chuckle made Cas smile along.
“I have to go.”
Dean turned back to the chicken, deemed it close and then turned the fire on under the broccoli.  “No reason,” he said with his back to her.  “Only you were right in front of us heading into the garage tonight, right?  No more than a minute or two in front of Cas and me?”
“Not yet.  I expect someone will show him a video soon enough.  I’m not looking forward to the next time I talk to him.”
“You keep saying that.  What exactly do you think he could do to you?  I don’t know of any form of mental handcuffs that would stop you from being you.”  Dean shoved his plate away and leaned back onto two legs of his chair.
“SIR!”
“All the way up on the bed, baby.  Lay on your tummy.  Let’s talk.”
Benny took over.  “What’s your schedule?  Every two weeks, right?”  Ellen nodded slowly.  “So, you’ve been administering a highly technical and complicated test to extremely vulnerable Lupins for
April thought about it for a moment. She lifted Michael’s hands into hers and held them tightly. She brought them to her sternum. “There’s a fundamental difference in the way the whole world relates to couples who are married,” she said uncertainly. “And that bleeds through to how the couple relates inside their own bonds. It’s just different. I don’t know more than that. You and me, we don’t
Dean ignored the dig.  They really did have a lot of ground to cover.
“You’re exhausted, sweetheart.  Lie back and get a nap.  I’ll keep watch.”
His mood darkened and settled as he left the South Wing and headed back toward his own suite of rooms in the North.  Dean had probably already been waiting for him when Cas and Mrs. Lister were shouting at each other what seemed like ages ago right next door.  Dean was not patient when he got the itch, and Cas was late.  He was stopped twice on the way: once by Becky to sign Jeremy’s matriculation form, and once by Bobby to confirm that Cas would be at tomorrow’s Board of Director’s meeting.  Neither interruption took very long, but Cas was antsy by the time he reached his door.  He stood for a moment outside, took a calming breath, slipped easily into his Alpha-Dom persona, schooled his face, then turned the knob and walked in, letting the door close and lock behind him on its own.  The only words that made it to the hallway before the door latched were, “Up, Sub. Over the arm of the sofa. Ass in the…”  He didn’t open the door again for the next sixteen hours.  As it turned out, a call to have medical on standby would’ve been a good idea.
Dean licked his lips and closed his eyes, relishing the familiar sound, the sense of intimate trust, the beauty of a circle fulfilled.  Slowly, he turned his head, knowing full well what he would see.  He’d already seen this moment a million times.  He would always be right here in this exact place, in this exact time, with this man.  His Profound Bond.
“I need…” Cas panted.  “I need to do something about that soon.”  April huffed, catching her breath.
“Cas?” Dean called over his shoulder, breaking the Alpha from snuggling with his mate.  “He’s not calming down.  Can you take a look?”
Eventually, she broke the silence. “Dean, do you ever think we might do a scene for Castiel together? You know, you and me? Maybe Michael too. Is that something you ever talk about?”
Cas nodded somberly. “Dean, I’m okay. I’ve got this. I decide slowly on some things because I’m not omniscient. I’m human. Where I can, I need to think important decisions all the way through. But where our war is concerned, hesitating would be disastrous. We don’t have the luxury of belaboring every moment when time is so critical. What I need you to understand is that I’ve done all those minute calculations already, way out ahead of time. I cannot foretell every eventuality, but what I can pre-plan are general counterstrikes to all kinds of attacks the enemy might level against us. Michael and April have both been on a track headed toward lives that showcase an Omega’s potential. A violent demonstration by the Stynes has likewise been imminent for some time. We didn’t know when or where or with what ammunition. We didn’t know what they might choose for their motivation. But we knew it was coming. And we’ve planned countermoves.”
Michael swooped in and dumped Alex on her lap as he swiped Kathleen and set to burping her on his shoulder. April caught the boy and shook her head slowly as she buttoned back up. “You’re nuts.”
Cas nodded.  “I liked what I saw between you two yesterday.  You’re meeting each other’s eyes more, and all the other nonverbal cues look positive.  I saw her hesitate to accept your intructions, Sam, and I saw you respond in an appropriate way, so I’m very pleased with your progress.  Please endeavor to be on time when you’re expected at a Pack function though.”  He ended with a hard look at Sam.
“She doesn’t need a helicopter hovering over her every sniffle.  She’s upset about something,” Dean told him, pulling back to look him in the eye.  “But Maureen and Michael are with her.  She can hang on for one more day without you.”
“That’s the effervescence of multiple Claims,” Cas told her. “Take a minute. The fizziness will fade.”
“It’s a slippery slope, Michael…”
Fred’s grey eyes held nothing but care, and Michael had no idea how to fight him.  “Everyone’s telling me something different, Fred,” he said in a small voice.  “Gabe says to ignore it.  Maureen says to drown it out with other people’s voices.  April wants me to talk about it until it holds no power.  Dean wants me to lounge around in my bathrobe and mope.  I don’t know what to do.  At least here with Hank, I know what to do.”
“Dean, listen,” Michael started, rolling off his mate sideways into an Omega puddle. He reached up with warm hands and stroked Dean’s cheek, pressing in to feel the girth of Castiel inside his mate’s mouth. “I want you to fuck me. I want you to put your back into it and make me feel it for days. But I want Alpha in there too. Can you do that for me, little alpha? Can you be my good boy and do what I tell you to do? Can you fuck into my dirty hole that’s already stretched wide on Castiel’s cock?”
an alpha? Is this a joke? You’re what? Nineteen?”
Michael reached down to grasp the very base of Dean’s cock, below the knot where it disappeared into his body, and he squeezed a firm grasp.
Ellen smiled. “You’re right. I’m sorry. But you two should have seen what that looked like from the gallery. I’m sure there’s a renewal to your Claim, Michael, and you both stayed fully dressed. No matter how many times I see it, it’s amazing every time.”
There was an unspoken unfinished thought in the air between them.  Michael shrugged his shoulders one by one to let her legs fall back to the bed.  He rolled to his side.  April followed, rolling all the way to her belly and tucking right up against him.  He leaned in and kissed her shoulder then her cheek.
April stroked Alex’s hair a couple of times, but the pup waved her off, and she stopped.
“I showed you off for Sam on almost our first day here, Dean. I put Castiel behind you and had him fuck your cock right into my mouth. How could you not know?”
in the opinion of the elder Omega, and that didn’t sit well with Gabriel, apparently.  He did what Gabriel does, and he stirred things a little bit.  “When are you two getting married, anyway?  Set the date yet?”
Full disclosure:  Not a lot of forward progress in this chapter.  Fair warning.  :P
“UP!” he demanded.
“We’re still on plan,” Cas said firmly.
“I know you’re mad,” she told Michael’s lap.  “And I admit that I knew some of it even before it happened.  I could feel where the plan was taking us.  But I didn’t ever know how we were supposed to get there.  If I trace it all back, everything that I remember, you’re probably right.  I probably drew Castiel right up to the point of deciding for himself to go to Texas to get you.  But he’s too honorable a mate, and his primary side refused to be led by the other two.  He needed me to speak to his human side and grant him permission before he would act.  I didn’t know him then as well as I do now.  It’s not an excuse.  I guess I’m saying that if I tried to do it today, it would be cleaner.  But Dean, he
“I think it’s romantic,” she said with an adolescent sigh.
Cas announced new safety rules in light of the influx of hate mail the Pack was receiving following their newest social media posts.  No one was to go anywhere off the estate alone without his personal approval.  Betas and Omegas would be required to have a security guard with them at all times outside the gates.  Jess got nowhere in arguing with him.  Their personal bodyguards would move into her house as soon as Sam returned from Portland and took his family back home.  He’d already been informed and agreed to it.
“Everything’s fine, love,” Cas assured him. “Just a little disagreement with my new assistant. We’re working things out.”
“Feels good, Sir,” Dean rumbled deeply. Michael worked him upward onto the bed on his tummy, careful of the mess dripping off his thigh. “Can I take care of you now?” asked Dean. Sleepy green eyes looked up at Michael. How could a Dom say no to a request like that? He smiled down at Dean and nodded, although Michael didn’t think Dean had much left in his tank.
Dean laughed in spite of himself.  “Uh, yeah.  I got that memo years ago, man.  Maybe we can skip the Sub torture.  I get it.  No argument from me.  We good?  I’m good.  You’re good.  Help me out with this…”  He looked down and indicated his unflagging erection.  It shouldn’t be this difficult to stifle a morning stiffy, but Dean couldn’t get out of the daze Cas had thrown him into, and his body loved it.
“Yeah, kid.  You can.  Talk to me.  Please.  April, what’s wrong?”
“Finish up, Sunshine. We leave in twenty minutes.”
“Yessir,” she admitted.  “For practice.  To see what it feels like to deliver a painful blow.  I don’t really need the experience.  I’m not going into the field, and I’m not planning to get certified.  But…I was curious.”
Gabe stared at her for a while in silence. “We’ll fight all the damn time if we get married.”
“Stop that,” he chided.
When Dean slipped into the gameroom, April was already naked on the oddly shaped structure, cuffed down on her hands and knees with support for her torso of a long-sloped beam that kept her head high and her hips low. Cas straightened up from kissing her. He wiped his lower lip with a thumb and eyed Dean, still naked, appreciatively. “Ah, Pet. Good timing. On your knees facing the couch, please. I expect complete obedience from you tonight.”
“I think I’m gonna pass out.” Dean rolled his body and lay back out on the sofa longways. Michael approached him cautiously, slowly, and he wordlessly curled his fingertips under the band of Dean’s sweats, tugging them smoothly down his hips and tucking the elastic behinds his balls.
“So, we design a test for her. I’ve been watching her, Cas. I think she’s a Sub. Take some of those non-sexual pre-tests you’re working up for the adolescents and give them to Sarah.” Dean sat up as an epiphany struck, showing no sign that sitting on his reddened backside hurt. “Hell, let Kevin design a study around it. Get the volunteer corps to sign up a whole slate of Primates. Make it a legit study. We have to legitimize those tests anyway. Why not get Sarah rated while we’re about it. Then let her and Jess duke it out. Can we put ‘em naked in an oil pen and make them wrestle?” Dean’s eyes were alight with glee.
Dean let his head rest forward near his chest as he leaned his shoulders against the tall brickwork pillared mailbox across the street from the dingy white clapboard house. He needed concentration to keep his hips from relaxing back onto the masonry again. Everything hurt—from his calves where the muscles were still tied in stiff knots, up to his neck which had developed a nasty crick from sleeping belly down with his head crimped to one side.
“I can feel you more than before,” Dean said.  “Bonds are wider.”
Castiel called Maureen and arranged to have the alpha sleep over while the household alphas were away.  April accommodated every request and every demand with aplomb.  She was on her best behavior, barely willing to believe she’d succeeded in winning him around to her request.
“Sir…” whined Dean, pushing up a little.
“Yeah. I’m…I’m okay. Feels good, Doc. Can you…? Oh, please…  Feels… Oh, fuck, I need…” Gabe didn’t manage to finish any of his requests, but he didn’t need to. Doctor Singer wasn’t new to Omegas in Heat-distress. He knew what to do.
“Please, Cas. I need to say this. Can we sit?”
“Dean would have to mate with the sexiest Omega on two legs.  You know, just once I’d like to see one of you rich, powerful, beautiful people link up with a toad.  Just once.”
“Then explain what you do know. How much of what happened was you?” It was Michael’s turn to lean forward on his forearms, emboldened by Castiel’s reaction to the questions. “You took me for granted, right? That was you. You saw an opening to get closer to Dean, and you used my attraction to April as a shiny new toy to draw me away from my mate.”
Hugs to the Pack!
“Gabe?” Dean asked, hoping to skip over the niceties and get to the point.  He nudged his Alpha into motion, leaving the conservatory empty.  Dean flicked the light off as they left.
“Would you do that more often if I asked you to?” Dean glanced up carefully seeking to catch Cas feeling caught out.
She sniffled, feeling quite accomplished indeed, vanishing the offhand worry she hadn’t known she was carrying that he would go too easy on her.  He hadn’t.  She knew she wasn’t calibrated to be sure how much power he’d put into his swing, but there was no way he’d lessened his swats very much.  Maybe he’d reduced the count to account for her being ape, but he’d applied himself with power.  She could tell there would be bruises, and as weak as her legs felt, she had no desire to sit at the moment.
Michael sank down on the cushioned bench in the foyer.  “We all live here together,” he muttered.  Dean heard him as he held his phone to his ear and listened to it ring.  “We’re syncing up; all us Omegas.  Probably me pulling Gabe early, and Gabe pulling Pete.  Next round we’ll all Trip at once.  Shit, what a clusterfuck.”
Michael grumbled softly under his breath, and then caught himself and desisted.  “I’m starting to get irritable at nothing and nauseated when I lie down.  Is there anything I can do about those?”
“Me?  What’d
“Gabe’s due to trip into Heat any minute now!”
“Da-da!”
Tears fell new and steaming from Dean’s eyes as the scope of the damage he’d meted out upon his beloved Impala struck him with terrible clarity. “You think,” Castiel went on, “that I don’t know that every blow to this car is tantamount to a slice right into your own
“The thought, um, HAD crossed my mind.  I have to ask, how do you keep it from affecting you when it’s
Dean repositioned awkwardly.  He curled his knees beneath him and turned to face his target.  Michael was wet and slick already with arousal.  Dean, fetal position and folded tightly with his bottom faced directly toward Castiel’s bright eyes, covered his Omega’s entire cock with his sleepy mouth and began to work him over.  His mate’s pleasure wove into his own as he moved, and he began to enjoy himself.  Dean’s sleepiness was slow to evaporate.  It was a soft and sluggish alpha who bobbed languorously on Michael’s ready cock.
“I don’t know yet, but it’s a reasonable guess, considering,” Cas huffed impatiently back. “It fits the mythology better than assuming only alphas can hold the moral compass.”
Cas thought she was brilliant.
“How can you think I’d miss April’s Certification?  I’ll be there with bells on.”  Dean leaned in and kissed her cheek, whispering, “Thanks, Jo.”
Kaia sighed heavily and stared at her lap as her jaw worked. “What would I have to do?” she asked at last.
Warning in the THEN section for corporal punishment of a minor.
“Which is why we keep it on the D.L. for now,” he said fatalistically.  “You’re welcome.”
The Alpha waited for his Sub to place himself.  “Spread your feet wider, Dean.”
“Come and be my husband, Dean Winchester.  Raise a family with me and April.  I welcome your mate into my home, into my Pack, into the sacred place where our pups will thrive and grow, and I ask that you say yes, before all of these witnesses.  As I promised to be yours, will you promise to be my husband, my Submissive, my second-in-command?”
It's an upside-down chapter relative to THEN vs NOW, but there's some important points in there that you needed to see in context to what's going on in their pack right now.  Cas and Dean have had many such revelations over the years due to the raw emotion that their play unveils.  It would be impossible to do what they do and NOT know each other well.
Castiel was already finished with April.  He brought her down from the bench and carried her to a wide chair in the corner where he sat with her and snuggled her close, using his thumbs to dry her eyes.  Dean could smell contented Alpha in the air around the couple.
Jim turned his attention to the men before him.
“You and I are in a perfect condition at the moment to help one another. Now, I can offer your mother my services as a physician. I can pay for her medications myself. But what she really needs is an insurance policy that covers her head to foot, as do you and your sister.”
The Alpha searched Dean’s eyes. “You don’t make demands, Dean, not when we’re in this role. Do you understand me?”
She radiated joy back at him, so he smiled and chucked her gently on the chin.  “You be careful in there, okay?  Promise?”
It's Michael's big day and things go weird.  Also, how much should Cas tell Benny?
Michael mumbled an apology and left the garage with the duffel bag over his shoulder. Cas settled back in the seat and collected himself. That conversation had gone about as smoothly as he’d expected. Michael still needed to bounce his nerves and his reluctance off Dean.
“You’re not ashamed of me?” Cas asked, puzzled.  “If I told you some of the things I’ve done…”
Dean scoffed. “I expected him to whip me and get over it, but that’s not what happened.”
“Then know this,” Michael said into the curl of Dean’s belly.  “We’re both going to be there.  We talked over everyone who’s been invited, even the alternates.  We talked TO everyone who’s been invited.  You have the list in your email inbox.  There aren’t going to be any surprises.  No one who would ever think to shame you or blink twice about it ever has to know it’s happening.  You are safe.  You don’t need to be afraid of anything.  We will always take care of you, Dean.  Everything vulnerable about you is beautiful and precious, and we would never put that in jeopardy simply for a thrill.  You are safe.  If you want, we can go over every step of choreography I have planned.  You can speak in private to all of the participants.  You can have any failsafe you want.  You can call it off anywhere along the line, and no one will think less of you.  Dean, this is FOR you.  It’s there whenever you want it, even if that’s not for another twenty years.”
“Oh, really?”  Dean looked up at Castiel as he approached, taking the deflection and running with it.  “You knew about this?”
Billie took a long time to think, her eyes fixed on Helene’s deep brown ones. Finally…
And Michael took her in hand.  In short order she was fed, stripped of her pups, stripped of her maternal trappings, stripped of most of her clothes, and tucked into bed.  Michael pulled the heavy drapes to darken the room and turned the lights out.
“Sam knows it’s a play for something,” Dean added. “So does Michael.”
Dean set it all down on the table.  Michael reached out and unloaded the tray.  Dean took his rightful place at the head of the table with Michael to his right and April beside Michael.
Someone knocked on the door and the photographer arrived to usher them all down the hall for pictures in a stately chamber with heavy drapes and gleaming hardwood floors.  Kali took her clipboard along and ticked off boxes as they walked.  Dean breathed.  Jo and Sam flanked him.  Michael checked the time and texted Benny.
“The hell you don’t,” Dean replied immediately. “Jack, do you have to put up with shit like this at home?”
“That’s what I thought,” Cas said with another private smile.
“I’m not sending Dean to Mate in somebody’s basement, Benny!  This is
Would he do that to the two of them if he could?
“Can you feel your mate, Michael?  Do you see how this works to bring him peace?”  Castiel stroked Michael’s back in the same way he had Dean’s.
“What!?”
“No, Dean listen…”
“Lunch?” he said by way of cutting the rising sexual tension.  “It’s enchilada day.  Come on, Michael.  I need to get out of this room.”
Dean bit his lip and sank into position, Castiel’s position. His eyes found the door as it opened. Michael stepped back with a small gasp, suddenly unsure. Castiel was fully dressed and appeared completely composed. He scented the air subtly and let his eyes close slowly for a moment before fixing them on Dean who blinked.
“What about my plug?” he persisted.  “Are you taking custody of that too?”
Jody began to sweat. Her wolf had gone completely still, not sure how to read the threat, but feeling extremely vulnerable. She wanted to bare her teeth and snap at his face which was far too close to her ear. He was predatory in a way she’d never seen before in an institutional setting. She flinched when he ran a hand, fingernails trailing, down her side and over her ticklish ribs. She breathed heavily through her nose without moving a muscle. He whispered sweetly into her ear, sending chill bumps down her entire body. “Get down on your fucking knees, bitch, or I’ll put you there.” He kissed her temple. She sank down to the floor, trembling with something that wasn’t remotely what she ever looked for in sex. It wasn’t what anyone sane looked for in sex. Still she couldn’t tell whether the danger was real or simply a very realistic roleplay.
Dean risked a peek upward.  Cas’ eyes stared without blinking.  His face held the same beautiful strength Dean had always seen there.  He swallowed.  The table became still and silent.  Dean wanted to flee.  Had it not been for Michael’s grounding touch, he would’ve done.  At last, Castiel broke the silence.
“Wat time’zit?” Dean asked sleepily, shoving his ass backward to give Michael something to grind against.
kink, Dean. It’s Adam’s. I played it that way so I could see how deep he would let me take him on a first meeting. Evidently, that’s pretty fucking deep.”
Cas chuckled. He stretched across the table with his bottle and tapped Michael’s longneck. “I’m proud of you, Omega. It is an elegant plan. We’ll need to discuss how we prevent cheating, alliances, and cut-throat undercutting that would degrade Pack morale. Have you discussed it with Dean yet?”
Sam nodded.  “If it helps, sir, I would be happy to step in.  Perhaps it would make sense to make some emergency plans.  You could talk me through the critical points.  I know it would be on an emergency basis only, but I’m a worst-case-scenario kind of guy, and it would make me feel better if there’s a plan in place.”
Dean licked his lips and shrugged.  “I like it when he takes charge.  Sue me.”
“It’s not what it sounds like, Sir.  I didn’t mean for her to do stuff like this.  It’s a misunderstanding.”
Castiel laughed.  “You’re adorable, Winchester.”  Then he stopped in the middle of the hall, thinking.  “Wait.  Do we have a ‘Ship” name?”  His head cocked in thought.
Cas assumed a stern face.  “Don’t say a word to Sam about Sarah, Margaret.  He’s perfectly capable of protecting himself all by himself.  All you stand to accomplish is to make yourself appear petty.”
“I almost have enough, Dean!” shouted Jo, walking away from the house as the door shut. “One more house. I’m going to win the MP3, just watch me.”
April sat up on her knees, ignoring the tension. “Did you pick a song yet, Dean? I’ve got your guitar here.”
“I’m going to pay attention to my instructors, kennel my wolf, and buzz the tower.”
Dean met his eye slowly.  He set the glass on the table in front of Castiel’s plate.  “Yes, Alpha?”
Dean’s usual eye roll didn’t materialize. He found, strangely, that he had no impulse to ridicule his brother. Sam
Dean held his mate’s eye with a frown, searching inside him. They needed to figure this one out. Taking their sex life into the living room and letting Packmates see it was a far cry from passing him around to other men. Dean didn’t know what to think. He didn’t know whether it was something he wanted to think about or not. “What else?” he asked Pam without looking away from Michael.
He stilled, panting.  He was terrified to open his eyes and see what damage he’d inflicted on the man he loved.  Castiel’s muscles rhythmically pulsed around his cock, and Dean realized he hadn’t finished yet.  He didn’t know when his eyes had closed, but he wasn’t ready to open them just yet.  He wiped the blood from his chin with the back of a sweaty hand and then scrabbled blindly for Cas’ erection to stroke him and finish him off.  His eyes flew open when his hand encountered a flaccid, not an erect, Alpha cock.  Looking down, fearing that the pain must have been so severe that Cas had lost his erection, he found instead, heavy white lines of thick semen running up Castiel’s belly and chest.
“Why?”
Damned.
“So ask her,” Cas offered, pointing at her with his phone. “Jody is in there with her. Text Jody and ask.”
“Easy for you to say,” he griped.  “You’re not responsible for the reestablishment of the entire lost culture of Canids.  What we do in our Pack matters.  We may not like it, but we’re a model for a lot of people.  If I do this ceremony, and Cas and I fuck it up, it’s going to hurt people who try to mimic us.”
They all agreed.
Cas took a deep breath and dismissed Sam then gestured Dean into his visitor’s chair as the door closed behind the beta.
He went to his husband, took his hand, felt Cas’ strength and confidence as Castiel’s hand curled around his and pulled him firmly around to stand before his Alpha.  The strength and control stole Dean’s breath.  Everyone else disappeared.
“Like making love?”  She put a knee up on the bed and let him reach for her.
“How’d that work out for you?”  Michael cast a glance across the kitchen where Dean was leaning straight-armed against the counter by the stove, his shoulders tense, his head cocked a little to the side, listening.
“YES!  Just like that.”  Dean turned and looked at Michael, whose face had gone beet red.  Mortification seeped through both Mating-bonds in different colors of red and black.  He shoved his sister’s shoulder roughly and escaped to the drink cart in the corner.
“Noted. Keep an eye on it for signs of infection.” Cas finished his lunch; he kissed Dean rather more soundly than he usually did in the lunchroom—perhaps new precedents were being set—and he went back to work.
“Where’s your mate?” Benny asked.
“Um,” he said eloquently, taking in the orientation of furniture.
***************
The Sub was at mid-shin now, and he came to a halt with his face nestled between Castiel’s shins, whining softly.  His toes twitched.
“I know you were. I never blamed you for that. Ya know, when I thought you and I were going to cut and run, that hurt like hell, but keeping you made it something I could see myself living through. I am so fucking gone on you, Michael Quentin. I love you so much, it scares me.” They walked on for a few minutes in silence. It would soon be too dark to stay out among the trees, but the path wasn’t long. It would deliver them back to the house soon enough.
“Your belt,” Dean mumbled.
Sam’s face grew a grim smile, more grimace than smile.  “Ozzies get the crap-end of the stick every time, Sarah.  Omegas and Subs both do, and when a person is both, well, shit runs downhill, and they’re at the bottom of that hill.”
“He’s just a pup, and you’re shouting loud enough to frighten him.  Please lower your voice and just talk to me.  What did I do that was so wrong?”
“Can we revive the celebratory mood with some dessert?” he suggested.
Kat sat upright and waved her hand vaguely. “They just…growed in there.”
“Wasted?” posed the Alpha.
“You deserve a mate who can return your feelings,” Billie replied dully at last. “You’re so beautiful. You deserve more than I can give you.” Staunchly, she held her chin up. “I won’t bind you into a loveless bond. I won’t do it.”
She frowned and cast a puzzled glance to the dress, laid neatly out on her made bed. “For me?”
“Oh, shit.  I had no idea.  Can I do anything?”
“Damnit, Cas, she needs this. The girl was just raped by her own Alpha, Mated against her will. And her body isn’t done demanding more. Don’t make her face stranger after stranger at the most vulnerable moment in her life! We can’t save everyone, man, but at least we can do right by this one scared kid!”
But no. Kate lowered her eyes with a shy smile and then dropped to her knees.
“Um, yeah. Yeah, I know. Look, uh, thanks, I guess. I need to get back.”
“Really?” she asked again.  “You didn’t set your eyes to figuring out where his pressure points were?”
“I see.  But…four.”  The phone line crackled, and Michael sighed at the overt suggestion.
but I’m not going to be comfortable with sidelining you, and I’m having a hard time wrapping my head around what you’re asking me for.  In the meantime, just let me say that I’m sorry to have left you out of the loop with what I did in Oklahoma.  Whatever we settle on as far as a power exchange between us, you are my fiancé, and I should have been honest with you when I decided to risk a prison sentence that would have affected you to such a magnitude.”
“Oh no you don’t,” Michael admonished him. “You’re not in charge here, and I know all those tricks, little boy.” His cock throbbed anyway. The supine Omega on the bed might not be in charge, but he was good, and Michael responded physically just as he was conditioned to do in the face of submissive posturing. Adam released his lip and went still, waiting.
“Dean, Alpha… He’s ready. He wants them so bad. He’s going on middle-aged. He’s like Michael. He’s burning up inside, but he’s trying to cover for it so he doesn’t put any pressure on me. He wants to give me time to go to college and get my career going. But he’s in so much pain about it. When he’s nearly asleep, his hands…they always come back to my lower belly, and he touches me there, sometimes all night. He won’t talk about it. He pretends that the urges aren’t there, but I can feel it. I imagine you feel the same thing from Michael. Dean, it’s time, for both of them. What should I do? This affects all four of us.”
First, the author mentioned something about there being shorter chapters from this point on...then we LAUGHED and LAUGHED!!!
“Dean, my love, fuck your goddamned consent rules. Here’s what I want: I’m gonna take a nap right now, and when I wake up, I’m going to be horny and desperate. I want my alpha to take care of me, you get me? I want you to give me what I’m craving, and that’s cocks and knots and slick tongues and gaping holes and everybody sweaty and thrusting and moaning, the more the better, and…”
“I need to find out who I am before I have any idea if I’m the right person for you,” she answered.  “I need to find out who I am.”
“Hey, hey…look. All that noise is just making things worse. Shhh. I’m not going to hurt you. Here. You thirsty? Want something to drink?”  Jimmy dug a bottle of water out of Joe’s desk and cracked the top. It’s not like Joe was ever going to drink it. Joe only drank things with hops or caffeine.
“That she is,” Cas said with a smile, liking Kaia even more as she stretched with a languorous yawn and licked slowly at the open wound on Claire’s shoulder. Cas waited until Claire turned her head on the pillow to face him.
She cocked her head.  “It’s not part of the plan we agreed to.”
Cas nodded into April’s hair. His cock buried deep in her cunt helped him keep his wolf occupied while he put pieces in place. He spread his knees and pressed upward on the balls of his feet. “That’s a last resort. When do we make an appeal to the Keller Foundational Board?”
And then he turned away, smaller.  The Alpha’s eyes followed until he rounded out of sight.  The police had expected Castiel to demand he be taken into custody.  But Cas wanted to let the man sweat first, to question why he hadn’t been apprehended and charged with assault.  Castiel wanted him jumping at shadows for a while before the mundane process of court proceedings took the wind out of his sails.  Already, Castiel was busy soothing his rabid wolf with promises of vengeance, but he couldn’t allow bloodshed this time.  There were too many eyes on them.  There was too much at stake.  Castiel refused to be that man anyway.  But he could at least allow his wolf this one brief taste of just deserts.  Eldon Styne wouldn’t sleep with both eyes closed for years, maybe not ever again.
“I’m right behind you, alpha. Can’t you feel me? That’s what your
“It’s no joke, Darius Cain!” Pidge rounded on him, and Cain felt his body flinch a conditioned surrender.  “We know who you are.  We know who your Alpha is.  We don’t have a punishment matrix here.  You don’t get to pay for mistakes with a paddle or a strap.  Fuck this up and you’re out on your ass.  No second chances!  You forfeit your dues.”
“You can’t make me, Cas.”
And then a ritual ripping of fabric, orange fabric, bared his ass, and he lost it.  Cain turned feral, vicious.  If he’d held any vestige of a memory that he was engaging in a roleplay, it evaporated when he felt cool air across his backside and vestigial memories engaged.  He moved entirely on impulse.  When the panic set in, Cain’s instinct kicked in, and he broke cheekbones and fingers, digging to gouge eyes out but never quite connecting.
“We’ve moved Jo Harvelle into the position of Acting Training Director and replaced her role as Omega Coordinator with a highly qualified and personable beta-Neutral named Jody Mills. Some of you know Jody already, at least by reputation, but I urge all of you to get to know her better. Jody will be a wonderful asset to the Training Department, and she starts work today. While I’ve offered Jo the job of Training Director full time, she’s communicated to me that she will not accept the position permanently but would be happy to take an assistant role under another Director’s leadership. The Board has agreed to create and fund an assistantship contingent upon finding the right wolf to head the department. This of course leaves us with a hole still in the Training Director’s chair. I intend to rectify this vacuum by personally travelling to Dallas to bring our director home to refill the post where he belongs. I will need all of your assistance to cover my appointments and commitments in my absence.”
Dean stuck his head into Michael’s little training room, paled, whimpered, and then pulled it right back out again with an, “Oh, god.”
Moving Cas from the Scenting room to the Green room was no easy task.  He was irritated and impatient, barely holding his wolf back by the scruff of its neck, and he’d stripped his clothes off some time ago, unwilling to pretend at civility any longer. He was single-minded and completely lost in the mandates of anatomy and internal chemistry.  It took four alphas, plus Cole, to escort him safely into the Green room with a minimum of property loss or personal injury.  Castiel growled and snarled at everyone.  Benny considered trying to fit a muzzle on him before the transfer, but decided that would just piss him off.
“Well, I mean, there’s not really any such thing as a weekend in this business, fellas,” Nick protested weakly, ignoring the two musicians bickering behind him.
“A Tertiary mutiny?” Dean asked.
“I spoke to his wolf last night, beta. It addressed me directly and challenged me. I got a read on it.” Cas pulled up a chair and sat before the man. “We’re really not supposed to discuss adolescent Tertiaries prior to confirmation testing because science hasn’t locked down a testing method for pups yet. But this child is probably at least a seventeen. He came at me full throttle with no expectation of confronting someone higher ranked than he. That kind of cockiness is typical above fifteen. What’s more, I have a rare ability to feel the strength of a Tertiary directly. Against Michael here, he rates slightly lower. Against yours, he’s significantly higher.”
“This is nothing like that time, Cas.  This is… It’s different!”
“Both of them?”
Jo swatted Dean’s ass on her way into the seminar room, cheerful with the ebullience of their freshly concluded panel.
“Can Pete help me study?”
A wide, flat tongue was at work, cleaning his channel noisily.  It felt…nice, but not normal.  Michael whined and thumped his black tail against the ground, straining to look over his own bloodied shoulder at the grey wolf behind him.  Dean stopped licking him and lifted his head, his triangular ears pricked forward.  Tension fell away from the lean grey wolf’s anxious body, and he slumped heavily to the ground beside his mate in relief, perhaps a little more dramatically than strictly necessary.
Gabe leaned back and rolled his closed eyes. Women! Always so damned logical!
“I don’t see why. It’s still
Jo grabbed the bars of her headboard, straining beneath her mate, set her feet flat to the mattress and tried to speed up the rhythm. But Jack knew her too well. He bit down deliciously on her earlobe, and Jo rolled into the pain. Her knees fell out wide as she gave over to the pleasure and the need to open beneath him. Her moan sounded loud and unfettered under the high ceiling.
“Fine, you big stubborn baby.”  Dean tossed him a towel.
April stroked the Mating-bond with an apologetic caress, and she skimmed along her mate’s emotions in his head, assessing.  He would feel her touch, and she sighed a relieved breath when he pulled the corners back on his feelings and opened it all up as wide as it would go.  Their eyes remained locked.  She licked her lips.
Michael snickered, glad to have Dean back in a joking mood, but he was too nervous to find much humor. “Am I really as much of an outlier as everyone says?” He was still gazing out the windshield at the four-story building before them, his body held stiffly. “Why am I such a big deal around here? Last time I went in there, people were elbowing each other and sneaking out into the halls to get a look at me. What’s the big deal?”
Castiel sighed heavily, aborting his response and snuggling down behind his mate instead.  He pressed into her, creating a tight sandwich and feeling too blessed to take anything for granted.  Michael’s tremors continued long into the night, but the Omega slept soundly through the worst of the aftershocks.  Dean and Cas listened to one another’s breathing, aware that they were both awake as their mates slept.  They had too much to think about to succumb to sleep, even with the necessity to meet the morning at a run.  Momentum might start slowly, but it took everything in its path along with it…that, or crushed unwary victims under its mass.
“Don’t thank me yet,” he said looking around.  “You and Ketch still have to hammer out a truce.  I’ve made my position clear on the matter.  You’re ranked above him, and that’s final.  But he’s likely to look for ways to undermine you for a while.  I’m gonna need you to plant your feet and not give an inch.  I want you to keep me informed about how that’s going.  I don’t want to be blindsided by a coup attempt in my Pack.”
“OW!”
“What?” he snapped.
Castiel closed his eyes and rested his forehead against the divot of Dean’s ass as he worked it through his mind.  They were seeking approval for April to touch Michael, not for Michael to take April.  They weren’t in Heat, either of them, but if a foursome was what they all wanted, then didn’t that by default mean he’d already said yes to this in theory?  Plus, he was right here.  He was tied to her, for fuck’s sake.  How much tighter claim did he need?  Cas felt Dean reach back and scruff blunt nails through the hair at the nape of his neck to soothe him.  April hadn’t moved.  She opened her bond-link wide and let Cas see that her loyalty wasn’t wavering.
convention more than anything else, and Dean felt there was no greater praise. Egalitarian ideals lined the aisleways fit to make the Progressives swoon. It was a false ideal, really, but when this many horny strangers occupied the same space to discuss the randiest of topics, to sing, dance, play, and shout together, actual harm could be inflicted if the ideals weren’t overdone.
“Dean’s not feeling well,” Cas said absently with an arm still around Benny’s pregnant mate.
That’s not healthy coping!  Jesus, have you tried therapy?!”
Gabriel’s fault.  None of it was.  It was Castiel’s first experience at registering just how unjust everything Gabe had been dealt really was from outside of his Alpha, and he seethed.
“Worrying is what you pay me for, Crowley,” she reminded him.  “If we get caught flatfooted, you’ll blame it on me.  I intend to not let that happen.  It only works if you listen to my warnings.”
“Thank you, Alpha.”
They woke to sunlight streaming in on a tangle of legs and a couple of Omegas splayed out to either side.
Bobby was a genius at chess, but he couldn’t play poker for shit.
“You’re going to turn me into some kind of automaton,” Max blurted. “I’ll have a stupid script, and I’ll get lashed if I deviate. I’ve heard the stories! I work for myself and my family, and I decide how I work, when I work. I say NO when I get the wrong feel from some skeevy dude. No one, and I mean NO ONE controls me but me!”
“I’m not asking you to reveal your darkest secrets, Michael,” she huffed softly. “But something’s eating you, and I deserve your honesty. We shouldn’t play like we did that night if we can’t talk about it in the morning. What’s wrong? Was it the power exchange? You know I enjoyed every second.”
“Pssh!  They teach Omegas how to give head, April.  You don’t need some strange alpha to teach you that.  I can teach you right here!”
She nodded.
God, what an ass he was.  Totally befuddled.  A complete fool for a girl.  What was the word?
Cas rolled his eyes and took a few steps back, releasing Dean, turning away.
“That is sufficient for the moment, then,” Cas stated imperiously.  “I will notify the Committee after breakfast, and we’ll go from there.  No one is excused from joining the Pack in the kitchen for our morning meal.  Dean, please go wake Michael.  Let me know if he’s too ill to join us.”
“Such dramatics,” Naomi observed coolly. “In my day, adults behaved like adults, not children.”
“No. Look! Five o’clock. At the corner by the door.”
Her voice was gentle and sweet.  Castiel looked right into Dean’s eyes as he stepped off.
“Cas, that was April’s Heat, not your Rut. It’s not the same thing.”
“Jesus Christ! Michael!” Dean whined. He opened his eyes, gasping, and was horrified to see a security cart had stopped right in front of the window. The four guards in the cart were enjoying the show immensely.
“Yeah, Jo? You want that? Wanna make pups with me? Want to see how many we can stuff in this ripe, hot hole of yours?” Jack drove down into her so hard, he lost his balance and fell over her, squashing her flat, pummeling away into her body, willing her fertile with every touch of his body.
Cas was aware he’d come untied from the girl.  The wetness that covered the mattress where their groins had met was cold and sticky.  It was becoming uncomfortable.  As much as he’d love to stay curled up around his mate and never move again, Castiel was a very practical man.  He could feel the stirrings of his Rut, Triggered prematurely by the Mate-scent, starting slowly to ramp up again.  He was back from the fog of Claim/Mate/Mine, but still had to contend with another three or four days of Mate/Breed/Fuck before his body would be purged of the powerful hormones driving him to reproduce.
“What did you do to Michael?” she asked carefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you kidding me?” Dean protested as he turned into their drive and slowed to let Security open the gate. “Cas, man, I love your lash and your fiery temper. I eat that shit up. It’s what I live for.”
“No, Michael.  It’s not.”
It was all one piece now.  He couldn’t resist stroking the ivory silk outer layer as she draped it over his head and settled it in place.  Fuck, it was heavy.  With a deep breath, Dean waited to feel her fasten the back of the left shoulder before looking at himself in the mirror.
“He’s still Alpha, Dean.  Just because he’s a good guy doesn’t mean he can stop being what he is.”
Sam’s eyes were cold steel. “You don’t know anything about him. What you saw, what he shows in public, is just a small part of himself. Dean’s actually a very private man where his Sub is concerned, and his trust is very hard to earn once it’s broken. You fucked this up bad, Michael. And what’s even worse is, you brought me into it thinking I was helping my brother take a new step. You fucking lied to me! You broke his trust, and you did the worst thing a Dom can do to a Sub, you put him into an unsafe situation and left him unprotected to fend for himself. And you dragged me into doing it with you.
Cas nodded in approval and walked back around behind his boy, letting their gazes break.  Dean lowered his head between his arms and relaxed.  “Down on your elbows, Pet.”  Dean didn’t move until Cas struck his outer thigh and forced him down with a forearm across his back, snarling and digging an elbow in painfully.  Dean huffed as he lowered.
April sat forward and Dean settled back a little to let her see Michael.  “It’s really my decision at this point, Michael.  Ultimately, it’s you and me who decide what we do.  Castiel would find a way to accept us even if we push the envelope before he’s ready.  But I owe a great deal of respect to my mate, and I’m going to be honest with him about anything and everything, just as I will be with you.  You know I care for you.  He knows as well, and it’s a touchy subject that we all have to be aware could divide and hurt us.  We are not the same as the alphas, Michael.  And I am not ready to make a choice like that.  Can the boundaries shift one day?  One day, I hope they will.  Until then, Alpha’s rule protects me as much as it does him.  Or you.  You told me that you would still have my back and that you would be there for me however I needed you.  I hope that’s still true.”
Point of clarity: This 'THEN' section takes place about five years in the past - give or take.  Don't make me do math.
Sam met all of their eyes one by one.  They all looked nervous and a bit overwhelmed.  That was good.  They were listening.
“No, it was personal.  He’s upset about something he discovered about his mate.  I advised him to get a good night’s sleep and to be careful not to neglect her just because he’s upset.”
“Be that as it may, and I do believe you, talking is all I have planned for tonight. Would you feel safe enough to get in and ride with me while we talk?”
Gah!  I love how sappy they get when they're balanced!  ***Sniffle***
“Then why does it feel icky now that we’re talking about it?” she blurted.  “I feel guilty, like I…like we had an affair or something, but it wasn’t like that at all.”
“I will,” she promised.  “I am so proud of you, Jack.  Good luck out there.  Knock ‘em dead.”
Dean sniffled and snuggled in.  “Thanks,” he mumbled blearily.
“Please come in,” said Cas when she stepped hesitantly into the library at ten.  She turned to close the door, but he stopped her.  “There’s no need for that.  We’ve got the first floor to ourselves.  We have all the privacy we need.  Come here, please.”
Cas stood in the doorway watching his mate disappear into her father’s embrace, a solid balance finding resolution inside her psyche that Cas felt snap into place.  She hadn’t seen her folks for six long months, and Cas kicked himself internally, vowing not to let it go so long again.  April released her father reluctantly only to dive headlong into a hug with her mother that melded the two Ozzies together into one swaying mass of blonde hair and tears.  Castiel stepped forward from the doorway of the Anderson’s tidy middle-class suburban home with his right hand extended.
“Good.” Cas climbed off the bed and dug through his bureau drawer for a bottle of lightly scented massage oil. “Pants off. Lay down on top of the comforter of your belly.”
Bobby fixed him with his eye.  “You stay away from all of it for a while, do you hear me?”  Gabriel nodded and searched Bobby’s face.  There was a message between the lines.  Gabe knew Bobby better than to think there wasn’t.  “If anything I don’t plan myself happens to Gordon or anyone at that site, if he gets a fucking cold or a hangnail, your ass is on the line, Omega.”
“I finished the reading,” he explained.
If only the dickish side would show the slightest touch of remorse, but Cas knew better than that. He was his father’s son as much as his mother’s. There was no place for remorse when you’re Alpha. Remorse was what underlings felt. And if they didn’t, they were corrected until they did.
“So, I’d be a housewife?”
“Aren’t you doing the same?”
Cas, it’s a warning that I’ve got a Submissive fall coming. I don’t know why I never connected the dots before. The dreams come closer together in the weeks before I have one of my massive blowout spirals, and I’ve been dealing with those since I was a pup!”
Bobby’s face flashed a strangely satisfied flicker before he tamped it down again.  Cas found it notable, but didn’t comment.  He watched Bobby’s eyes from the side as the man who’d led him by the hand through the awful uncertainty of adolescence and into a strident adulthood, considered the flipping of their roles.  How would he answer?  Castiel didn’t know himself whether or not he was bluffing.  A bluff of this magnitude would destroy his credibility, making him a mockery of an Alpha, with all the muscle of a great leader, but with no standing to command anyone or anything.
Dean’s eyes went wide as he received Michael’s feelings from two directions at once.  It made the feeling rich and stereoscopic – like taking off an eyepatch and finding your vision three-dimensional.  He responded by sending his happiness back to Michael and the two laughed in giddiness, rolling together off the blanket and into the soft grass where wolves belong.
“I do.  Thanks, Cas.”  Dean pulled Michael in tighter and shoved at Gabe’s hip with his foot until he moved onto the floor near the end of the couch.  He maneuvered Michael’s face so that he could scent Dean’s throat without straining.  Michael ignored the television, burrowing deep into his mate, breathing deeply.
“Oh.”  Jess collected Hank, unconsciously straightening his glasses as she settled him on her hip.  She shook her head sadly.
“Ruby and Alistair. They’re in Minnesota. They bought a failing Omega breeding shop together, and they’re beginning to work it into operation. I knew the bastards would stick their greasy heads back up eventually. Cas, I gotta go. You should see this place.” Gabriel stepped up close to his little brother and looked up into his face, entreating. “My girl got some intel, even smuggled me a few pics.”
April took it with the air of a student eager to learn, nodding in concentration.  Cas watched her, and Benny watched Cas.  After she left again, wobbling off with a stinging swat to her ass by Mark, Benny leaned in.  “I think this is harder on you than it is on her.  You sure you’re okay, boss?”
“I told myself that you’re a professional and that in all the years you worked the field, you fucked thousands of people with wombs, and not a one of them ever came up pregnant.  It’s not gonna happen.”
He’d not passed out, but his eyes had closed so tightly they shut out all the light. Dean drifted. His muscles eased slowly. His eyes relaxed but stayed closed. He may have snored just a little. The floating feeling remained as a heated hand swept tenderly across his heated flesh. If only there was a way to bottle this feeling without having to turn to the scary drugs to get it. Nitrous Oxide sometimes came close. It was why Dean never disliked visiting the dentist. Floating like this, with the hot pulse from his ass reaching every dark corner of his mind with a soothing comfort, it was the height of paradise.
“That’s the truth,” he agreed. “You are so perfectly matched for me. I will never cease being amazed. Now,” he stroked her hair and kissed her lips. “You’re going to eat something. I’m going to knot you as gently as I can, and then you’re going to sleep until mid-morning. By the time you wake up, you’ll be starving again, and we’ll get Tony to whip us up whatever the hell you want for breakfast. I’ll hand feed you with my knot tying us together. If we’re lucky, we’ll be able to smell whether you’ve conceived or not.”
He couldn’t smell it yet, but he knew a successful breeding the way animals know, and he glided slowly back to earth.  He nosed her hair out of her face and peppered her temple with gentle kisses.  Biological fulfillment was a new sensation for Castiel, and he would need to pay close attention to his own impressions so he could write it up in his file.
with April on vocals, followed shortly by a full house round of,
Michael scoffed. “You just take whatever they feed you, don’t you? Do you ever have a thought or an opinion of your own? Don’t you care about anything besides what he tells you to care about?”
“No, Cas. It
“It’s not your decision, Alpha,” she told him firmly, rankling at the sudden and unexpected all in from her mate. “Just because it’s an easy fix doesn’t mean it’s what I want. Why does everyone feel the need to pressure me all the time? When do I get to make my own choices? What if I’m not ready for a Claim from Michael? What if I never want that?”
“Speak up, Submissive.”
“Yes, Sir.”
damn sure want it to be me.  I feel like it’s an honor for him to trust me that much, and I don’t like knowing that in a pinch, Benny could do it too.  I thought what you really needed was some quiet time to think and calm down.  I shouldn’t have allowed selfishness to intervene in my responsibility to be there for you.  I should have stayed home and watched over you.  Michael, I’m sorry.”
Dean snickered. Then he imagined telling either of them that he wasn’t in the mood, and he snorted. Soon he was giggling uncontrollably.
“No deal, Dean.”
At the doorway, two more alphas poked their heads in.
Bal chuckled.  “I’ll let you know when I’m ready.  Let’s start with tiny little pulses.  Okay, darling?  Pulse for me.”
“He’s in Heat,” Cas agreed, pushing his chair back.  “He’s early.  Get Fred pulling supplies for the H/R room.  Get Tony busy making a tray of protein-rich snacks.  I’m going to get him.  Benny, text Dean and tell him everything’s under control.  Can you stay until I get back?”
“I can’t wear sweats to Charlotte,” Michael told him carefully.
“That one’s mine,” she admitted. “I write tunes sometimes. That one was from a couple of years ago. I knew this boy back home, and he kinda broke my heart. It was all very tragic and teenaged and dramatic. The song’s not very good, but I was in that sort of mood, I guess.”
“Then what’s going on?”
is not exactly a role I’ve ever played before, having been excluded from your wedding entirely, as I was.  I may have to embarrass him by wearing a repeat!”  Her face contorted in disgust just in case her lunch mates didn’t realize how horrifying that would be.
“But alphas are trustworthy?” Mildred challenged.
“Toes flat.  I want you at rest.”
April moved on autopilot.  Was Dean right?  Castiel had never seemed to like her misbehavior one bit when she’d done wrong by him, by his rules.  Was she missing out on a side of the Alpha that would be satisfying to both of them by trying always to be the perfect, obedient Sub?
“He’s fighting with the wedding coordinator over whose wedding it is.”
“Gabriel, you’re up next.  I know you’re not pledging anew.  I hold your past pledge still active, but I ask that, in the spirit of our new Pack, you renew your vows as a transferal from Novak to Winchester.  I will not ask you to change your name.”
Not buried.  Not repressed.  Not shunted down into a chute to nowhere out of the expedience of wartime necessity.  It was lifted from him entirely, leaving warm sunshine, invigorating wind, cool leather under his hands, loose on the steering wheel.
that damned law. I know what’s legal and what’s not!” Cas took Dean down the hall with a snarl, his wolf barely contained. Dean was surprised he wasn’t mumbling under his breath about upstart whipper-snapper lawyers and their pretensions, blah, blah, blah.
She took a deep breath. “I’m…good. I’m good. You?”
“Son, have you begun to write it?”
“We had the intercom feed on.  That was fuckin’ brilliant, right Mom?”  Jo winked, and Sam rolled his eyes.
Michael pursed his lips, but he didn’t turn around. “And what about me, Sir? I’m not getting any either, or haven’t you noticed? And I’m not turning into a dick.”
But Nick was up to something.
“That was pretty cold, you know,” Michael chastised quietly as they walked away.
No longer angry, but not better.
April watched him from her place at Castiel’s side. Sometimes their eyes met, and she smiled discreetly.
“Fred, Bobby’s not a Dominant.  He won’t be able to help.”
Alex reached out in his sleep and curled his plump fingers into the fabric of Castiel’s shirt.
There was a hot tightness.  Pressure.  Sweetness.  Electricity.  Rapture.  There was a burn that told him he was alive and real.  There was a clench that reminded him he owned a physical body.  Maybe it wasn’t his to own, but he occupied it.  He felt moisture, but he didn’t know what wetness meant, just that it was everywhere.  He felt a powerful vibrating pressure followed by a rush of sweet completion, and he heard a breath behind him suck in.
“Are you okay?” Jake asked after a moment.
“I’ll be in the parlor.”  Michael didn’t want to be too far away.  He wanted to hear it all, even if they weren’t going to let him help.
She mewled beneath him, snuggling her arms in closer to her sides so that his body covered hers entirely.  He didn’t think she was breathing, and that seemed unfair as he was panting uncontrollably.
“I have no idea what
“Cas, come on, man.  You just got caught up in my bad idea.  It’s not
Cas sighed tiredly. “I’m not planning an undercut, Dean. But you know as well as I do that Michael is destined to play a role in our crusade.”
“I’m sorry.”
Bobby stood.  “Sam, to answer your questions:  it’s anal, expect her to be untouched, come inside her, full Release if you can swing it.  And yes, it’s a C.F. with full domination.  You need to cow her and bond her.  You can’t knot her,” he glanced meaningfully at Ellen but didn’t resume his previous argument, “So you gotta give her all you got.  No holds barred.  Also, use a bit of pain to tweak her.  I think you should see if you can draw her out without touching her clitoris.  You got it?”  He looked at Sam intently until Sam nodded.  He looked thoughtful for a moment, then glanced at the empty form in his hand, tossed it unceremoniously onto the desk in front of Dr. Harvelle, turned to the door and disappeared without a word.
“So happy,” murmured Dean in a drunken whisper.  The nurse cleaned Dean’s wounds with antiseptic and bandaged them quickly.  She seemed to be stalling, waiting for a signal that Michael was ready.  Castiel’s phone buzzed in his pocket.  It was Ellen, so he answered and put it to his ear, moving away from Dean.
“You’re beautiful,” he told her.
But Castiel was through being noble. The more he put together all the conversations he’d had in the last few weeks that had touched on his feelings for Dean, the more he realized what a ‘Tool’ he’d been. (Is that the word Dean would use?)  (Yep, that’s the one. Maybe douchebag.) They’d all tried to get through to him. Everyone had been pointing him toward this decision. He’d been stupid and blind, determined to push through something that couldn’t be pushed through and convinced no one would feel its impact but himself. He’d lain awake for hours, holding his miracle-of-a-mate in his arms, listening to her reassure him time and again that she wanted Dean in their Pack. She’d called him her Mate-in-Law. She’d sworn the three of them could make it work and tempted his wolf with how delicious it would be to have two Subs to play with, two that belonged to him for good. The wolf had needed no convincing. If wolves packed for travel, his bags would already have been stuffed in the car and he’d be panting out the window, nose in the wind.
“Don’t toy with the boy, Alpha. If you’re going to fire him, do it, and let’s move on,” Bobby told him.
Warning for corporal punishment that becomes abusive.
“Shhh, Dean.  We’ll figure it out in the morning,” Cas told him quietly, working one knee up between Dean’s knees where he lay out on his side, facing Cas.
Michael sighed and looked to Rachel, catching her eyes, but she had no idea what to say.  “Pop, look.  It’s really not that complicated.  Dean’s a Secondary Top but a Tertiary Bottom, and I’m just the opposite.  We fit.  He gives me what I need, and I do the same for him.  Why is this so hard to accept?  Are you being deliberately obtuse?  Don’t give me that shit.  Don’t tell me you don’t spank Mom.  I’ve seen the same thing out of her that I see from Dean when he needs a certain reaction from me.  It’s got nothing to do with alphas and Omegas.  Don’t tell me it’s only when she breaks some stupid rule.  She doesn’t ever break your rules.  When’s the last time she broke any rule at all?  I’ve strapped the shit out of Dean when he needs me to, and you do the same for her.  Don’t stand there and pretend you don’t.  That house doesn’t have soundproof walls.  You do it just like we do because it’s what she needs, not just as an Omega, but as a Sub.  You know she is, but you hide it behind closed doors and act like you don’t do it at all.  You’re the worst kind of fucking hypocrite.  Mommy’s a Tertiary Submissive, and you KNOW IT!”
Meg scoffed loudly again.  “Right!  Someone’s gonna go for that,” she retorted sarcastically.  “Tear up their whole life, leave their pack behind and move to Lawrence.  For me.  I mean, Jo, she’s got that pull anyway.  No one’s gonna uproot their life for me.”
Dean’s eyes cracked open, and he smiled.  “Feels good, Alpha.”
“Yes, Alpha.”  Dean bit his lip slightly.  He felt the metaphorical hand closing around the back of his neck.
.  It’s weird, but I’m actually feeling kinda good about it all right now.  This morning at your knee really helped, Cas.  I still feel like shit, and I can’t stop heaving my guts up, but there’s a calmness I don’t remember feeling before.  I’m watching the tide roll in, and there’s this massive fucking wave sweeping in to drown me, and I’m just, like, laying out on the beach watching it curl up and over me.  It’s fucking epic.”
April didn’t reply right away. Alex practiced standing upright on her lap with her hands circling his torso. He bounced up and down on her thighs and grinned at her. She smiled back, encouraging him. She broke the silence without looking away from the pup.
Cas chuckled. “That’s right, Dean. In this one instance, ranks fall according to my meter, however that falls out. Are we ready?” Cas looked around, affecting not to notice Dean sharing a look with Michael. “Kate? Are you ready?”
“Gabe can’t come right now,” Michael told him.  “I found him in Alpha’s office.  He wouldn’t tell me what was going on, but it sounded urgent.  He’s got a cell phone, a radio, and a computer all going at once.  I thought you should know.”  Dean looked at Cas, who nodded.
“Right,” Michael scoffed.  “I watched you spiral out of control, man.  You needed to go all the way to the bottom, remember?”
It was another fifteen minutes before Castiel managed to make it back to his office. He felt wrung out. Charlie had promised him she’d put her head together with Becky and Ellen to get his appointments divvied up. All he need do was get through today, and he was a free man. Cas got to work, and soon he’d assumed his businesslike persona again. He slipped through the halls to the small practice room where Jeremy awaited him.
“Sshhh.  I know, Dean.  I love you too.”
“Menu, Cas?  Cake?  Flowers?  Anything?  Don’t you have any opinions?”
Sam slipped in and closed the door behind him. The two didn’t turn to greet him. They could smell Pack. They knew Sam by his scent.
“I’m borderline controlling my impulses right now, Dean.  Please don’t provoke me unless you’re hoping to drive Michael to school perched up on your thighs.”
Dean let the joking pass. He narrowed his eyes at his mate.
But on second glance, Claire’s complexion showed the same ruddy glow, brighter even than Kaia’s across Claire’s pale cheeks. Her eyes matched the alpha’s, only, gold in a tight circle around an impossibly wide pupil, where Kaia’s irises were crimson.
“Nothing in particular. It’s complicated. You?” she answered.
“NO!  Bobby!
“What about Sarah?” Dean asked, backing up before they tripped into something too steamy.
Finally, Dean said, his voice almost gone from the screaming, “Now’s the time I’d normally want you to fuck me from back there and drive the pain home, but my Dom’s put me in chastity, and I don’t think I’m gonna convince him to make another exception.  Maybe next time?”
“I had plans, Helene.”
“The keys are in your pocket, Pet. Remove them. Insert the appropriate key into the appropriate orifice, and open the trunk.” Castiel’s hard voice brooked no argument or delay. He’d also shifted into a humiliating tone, one that tore chunks the size of his fist off Dean’s self-confidence. Dean descended rapidly into a headspace that was miserably uncomfortable.
“Absolutely, sweetheart,” he smiled kindly at her, beckoning Sam in close.  Sam played along too.  They were tired, but being gracious cost them little.  The end was in sight.  They stood on either side of the young Primate woman and smiled gamely.  They each signed a page in her notebook, and by then the line had moved enough that they could slide aboard and take their seats.  First class had never looked so inviting.
“Where have you been?” Dean accused. “Why aren’t you onstage? Jo had to take Meg with her.”
Jim’s furious glare didn’t leave Cas’ face, but he’d stopped struggling.
“I don’t?
“I’ll be good though.  I swear.  I mean it when I say he’s more important to me as a person than as a research subject, but God, he’s so effing close!”  Cas wiped his hand across his face and refocused.
Sam choked abruptly and grabbed his juice glass to assuage his coughing. Michael glanced at him but continued. “I believe we no longer need it. I authorize you to touch him however you like. He’s not allowed to handle himself though. That rule doesn’t change, and no one other than you and I have access to his dick. Especially if we plan to move to a full foursome, it seems pointless to try to keep him off limits.”
“Oh, no you don’t,” Sam said assertively, raising his palms and passing Dean to begin organizing the food for his sons’ birthday.  “Babble innocent all you want.  We both know better.  You’re on your own in this one, Dean.  Good luck.”
Dean nodded and tried again for a deep breath. It was shaky, but he got it in and then back out again. He ducked his head so he wouldn’t have to see Michael’s eyes, and he dimmed his bonds so he wouldn’t overburden Michael with his sense of remorse. He began to talk, spilling it all out as Michael stiffened beside him. He described picking a bitter fight, threatening Michael with a bogus plan to rip him out of the safest home he’d ever known. He admitted that, if necessary, he would have thrown the Omega bodily out of the car. When he finished, he fell silent and waited. He would know soon.
“Very good boy, yes, you may.  This time.  It’s our first time.  You’re doing so well for me.  Ask me.”  Cas put a warm hand, actually a hot hand, it must’ve been the one he had used to spank Dean, on Dean’s lower back and held it there.
“Sir, with all due respect, waiting until the evening before a separation between you and your mate is your
She answered him internally rather than out loud, but her affection flowed unencumbered, and he let it warm him.
“Yeah, I’ll go. I want him to see that we’re united in this.” Dean fiddled with the stack of plates in front of him, rotating them all to line the scalloped edges up in a spiral pattern. Finally, he broke the silence. “I’m back to having nothing to give you for your birthday. Can’t even fall back on sex now. I don’t know what to do, man.”
She felt seven years old, and her feet wouldn’t stop shuffling, but she made it to him.  He sat perched at an angle on the long reading table in the middle of the enormous room and he let her approach without getting up.  When she stood before him, he angled his head to get a view of her face.
“Yes, sir,” Michael answered easily. “Ace, you be good for Papa.”
Dean turned at the door.  His hand trembled on the doorknob.  “Is the party canceled?”
Winchester, Mr. Jansen, not mister.  I’m no ape.  You’re surrounded by wolves in this town, sir.  Might be about time you learned a little bit about your community before you find yourself being misunderstood.”
Sam chuckled. “They want to see the twins, Dean. They don’t give a rat’s ass about Jess and me.”
“No, I mean they’re better at reading people than wolves are.  I think he suits you, and I mean that in a good way.”
“Come on, Sam! Like you mean it! They’re just going to laugh at you if you do it like that.”
“Don’t touch you?” Castiel asked mockingly, taking another step forward. Dean matched him, stepping backward, eyes wary, body primed for defense. Arms up. “Or what, Dean? We can’t have it both ways. You said so yourself. If I take you up on your request to throw out your safeword, then what? Can I touch you then? Can I throw you over my lap and spank you like the unruly child you’re being?”
Castiel started with his hand, as usual, and Dean winced, knowing the belt was coming.  What that man could do with his bare hand caused sweat to break from his pores everywhere at once and bead at his hairline after only one strike.  Dean focused on breathing, on feeling, on the heat and the pain and the immediacy and the present moment.  He didn’t track the time, only the power and the intensity.
reckless!”
Sam opened the door for Sarah – something of a surprise given the size and formality of the house.  He ushered her in with a blank expression, and she paused with a frown.
“What is an alpha like this doing boarding in my training school, Mick?”
“That’s true. We’re going to need to fix that.”
Cas looked at Dean and nodded again.  “I don’t have words to express this, Dean.  How can I begin to tell them all what they mean to me?”
Castiel. You get all the votes and all the say because you have to stand in front of all of us and take the hard hits. You have to make the tough decisions. I’m not about to judge you for
“We’ll need to confirm with Dean that he’s arranged for your training classes to begin after the Keller test.  I know you have an appointment with our psychiatrist, Dr. Barnes, for your evaluation.  That’s on, um, the, uh twenty-first of June, I believe.  It’s a Wednesday.  It’ll take several hours to get through the whole thing, so please don’t schedule anything else for yourself on that day.”
April followed him off the bed.  “Sir, can we get a puppy?” she asked.  Michael cracked up and buried his face again.  Where the hell had that come from?  Cas swept his Ozzie from the room without a backward glance.  They didn’t hear his answer.
“All right! Sit the fuck back down!” he shouted at the audience. It didn’t take very long to get them seated again, but they were vibrating in their chairs. They accepted his irritation as they’d accepted everything he gave them. Here, Dean was Alpha, and the proceedings were his to lead. If he wanted to shout, he could shout himself hoarse.
Sam was...having….sex. It took him a second to actually understand that information, and immediately felt guilty. It’s not his business what his friend gets up to. He shouldn’t feel jealous of anyone who gets to touch Sam and love him. It’s not his place. And why should Sam even deny anyone? Gabriel didn’t tell him about his feelings, so he has no right at all.
Well, fuck.
“So uhm, why weren’t you at campus today?” Sam asked, looking away.
He pulled out of the driveway he had been allowed to park by Charlie. He only narrowly avoided hitting another car, and went right, before he realised he had no idea where his friend even lived.
After about half an hour, he gives up. He heads out of the bar, with the bouncer throwing him an almost pitiful look. He scoffs at the man, and swerves a tiny bit as he walks over to his car, before noticing that there are...certain noises coming from the car, and his brother’s exposed back is visible from Dean’s point of view. He sighs disappointedly. Good for Sammy, but now he has to walk home and pick Baby up tomorrow. How did Sam even get in? Dean is the one with the keys. It doesn’t matter, he reasons. He can figure that out tomorrow. He walks out of the parking lot, hoping to find a bus that's still going, or maybe a subway. What he doesn’t expect to see is a vaguely familiar face passing by. The short man turns to him and questionably looks at him.
He stumbled back, bumping against the kitchen counter and gripping it with one hand for stability, while covering his eyes and forehead with his other hand.
Cas felt his blood run cold. This was bad, very very bad.
“I just came back from a shift, my car is in the parking lot not far from here, would you like a ride home?” He points to the end of the road with his thumb, which split off into a parking lot and a road which leads to the campus frat houses. With the prospect of being home sooner, Dean finds himself agreeing. they walk to Gabe’s car with small talk flowing between them. Dean asking what kind of a job Gabriel has, and Gabriel interested in engineering, conversation flows fairly smooth. On the ride home, Gabriel turns on the radio, which informs them there’s rain on the way.
“Where is your soul mark? I haven’t spotted it yet.” Cas seemed a little surprised by the question, making Dean worry he overstepped.
The mark on his wrist felt like it was involuntarily pulled together by some invisible muscle. His chest caved in when they reached his house.
“Call me. -Castiel-”
“Follow me please, Castiel.” Almost as if Dean was afraid he’d scared Cas away by introducing his friend, he briefly touched his shoulder and led him to their table.
“Who are you?” he questioned, his voice tinged with unpleasantness.
“Well then, it only seems fair i get to know yours.” Dean says with a wink.
Cas: I thought you didn’t like it there?
He came into the school with nothing, but he’d leave with more than he ever dared dream of.
Gabriel nodded.
“So you don’t remember yelling at your crush in front of the house while he looked like someone shot his puppy?” He smirked into his coffee.
“Oh! My little brother studies here. I drove him here this morning, since i have to pick up supplies for my job and it’s not far from here. And i don’t mind since i figured i could grab a coffee and a quick bite between the two, i just didn’t expect it to be the early.” He grins and sort of half laughs. Cas can tell he doesn’t mind that much. And the conversation flows, with Cas doing some simple work and making himself a caramel coffee with whipped cream, and Dean taking occasional sips. Sometimes a student or teacher walkes in, orders, and either rushes away or quietly sits down and wakes up. The shop truly opens at the crack of dawn. It’s far too early for Cas’ liking when Dean has finished his pie, and has to leave. The rest of the shop has barely filled up, and after their pleasant conversation Dean tips cas five dollars with a wink and a smile. He gets up to leave,and closes the door, mouthing an obvious: “look at it” through the shop’s window before turning the corner and leaving.
“hey buddy, what’s up?” He tried to smile assuringly.
Calming: at ease?
He heard Gabriel get home after his shift, a little later than usual. he walked to the front door to greet him and ask him where he’d been, but noticed the red in his eyes, and decides against it. Something must have happened on the way home, because he would have been home earlier if he just left after his shift was over. Cas realises he hasn’t seen his brother so distraught in years, but there is a vague memory of Luci’s cremation, where Cas found Gabe in the closet with the jackets when he was looking for the bathroom. Back then, Gabriel was only twelve years old, and he begged Castiel to not tell anyone else that he was crying. Cas agreed, and sat down on the carpeted floor with him, and hugged him until the sobs into his shoulder grew weaker. Chuck luckily wasn’t awake anymore, he might have asked Gabriel what is wrong, and Cas has come to understand that it’s better to let Gabe drown in his feelings for a while until he feels better. If he has to confront the situation while he is still processing it, he’ll get more upset and he could then be silent for days. Cas decided to wait with brushing his teeth until he heard Gabe was done, to give him some space. After brushing his teeth he finished his chapter, and finally turned off the light, only to fall into a dreamless sleep.
Calming:
“I would love to spend the night with you.” Dean replied, with a careful smile. Cas returned a brighter one.
-Dean-
“Gabe! Are you okay?” Sam tried not to sound too relieved but honestly? He was.
-Cas-
“Cas, this garden is crawling with them, literally. I can step outside right now and find one, bet?”
-Dean-
“Nope.” Gabriel popped the P, and took another sip of his coffee, leaning back in the white chair, balancing it’s back on the wooden legs.
“I love you.” Cas said, before he could help it.
“He’s not going to shut up about soulmates, the person he is having over is his. And of course the sexual innuendos.” Cas sighed loudly. Dean grinned at his boyfriend.
“I built this place to get away from the craziness of it all.” Gabriel seemed lost in thought, not really waiting for a response.
“Well, i’m sure you get phone numbers and invitations all the time, i’m just another guy.” Dean sighs.
“What do you mean?” Cas raised one eyebrow, and Dean started looking around uncomfortably.
“I got a millipede, i think.” Dean raised his hands to eye level, and it looked like he was trying to peer through his fingers. Cas make a semi-disgusted face at learning Dean was holding a millipede.
“Hi Cas.”
“Here you go” he said, walking into the living room where Sam was now silently perched on the dark grey couch. He sat up straight, with his feet neatly next to each other. He seemed nervous. Gabriel handed him his drink, and did his best to act relaxed.
“It’s from a friend of mine, Kevin.” Dean smiled. “I helped set the porch up and the pit.”
The waiter returned remarkably quickly, and Cas quickly and quietly paid for their meal. He then put a hand on the small of Dean’s back, and led him out of the pit. They put their shoes back on, and Cas handed Dean his coat, gently guiding him outside, and trying not to draw attention to them. Before he knew it, they were back in the car, and Dean had stopped breathing so quickly. After a minute of silence, Dean spoke.
Tall Hooman: Charlie, did you hear from Gabe last weekend?
“You thought i wouldn’t be here?” He tilts his head with a questioning look.
“He was not a good father, especially after my mom died.” Dean put his fork down and started rubbing the tips of his fingers together in a nervous fidget.
Dean: Yes but we live together, if he was planning on staying out longer he might have left a note normally.
“Haha, well it’s nice to meet ya Cas!” Dean extends his hand and Cas takes it lamely.
Dean unlocked the garage with the key he’d been given, and found a red Porsche Macan. It almost matched the front door in colour and looked as if it’d never been used before. Dean carefully inspected the car, unlocking the doors, starting up the engine, checked the tires and looked at the oil level. It quickly became clear that the car had been used a lot, but simply maintained on the outside very well. It still looked as if it were new, but the brake pads were worn down, and there was a small leak in the cooling system, probably the origin of the sounds. After about five minutes he turned to the man that had opened the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
As soon as they stopped, he unbuckled impatiently and opened the door. But before he could step out, Dean was there at his side.
“It’s okay, i'm over it. It took me a few years to accept it though.”
“Went to a bar, but Sammy hooked up with one of the girls in my car, so i guess i am walking home” He shrugs. He doesn’t mind all that much really. Gabriel looks a little bit tired and disappointed, almost like someone tripped him in the hallway and stole his lunch. Dean tries not to snicker at the idea of a campus being like middle school. Gabriel smirks and looks Dean up and down.
It hadn’t taken long for them to arrive at Cas’s place, and Dean walked in behind him, now understanding the figure he had seen in the door was his brother, and took off his shoes and jacket once again that night when he entered. Cas put his shoes and jacket away as well, and took Dean by the hand. Cas led him down a dark corridor, and Dean could feel something brushing his thigh. He nearly bumped into the doorframe, but when he entered the room, Cas let go of his hand, then the light went on.
“You tell him.” It sounded like Sam was saying; ‘the sky is blue’, but it didn’t make any sense to Dean.
Jittery:
The point is, he knows all the regulars. Or at least the type of people that come in the shop. You have the exhausted student, the tired professor, the student who just woke up, the stern professors, etc.
“Thanks man!”
“Oh really? how is it going?”
“But you asked me to. Isn’t that a reason?” Cas questioned.
The first two courses were spent like that, finding common ground and talking about growing up. The topics shifter by dessert, from personal life to politics and mostly; movies.
“Stay?” Gabriel looked at him, and Sam felt his lashes against his own eyelids.
Cas smiled shyly, and got out of the car, taking the door from Dean and closing it behind him.
He didn’t expect him to respond, but lo and behold, his phone buzzed with a response.
-Cas-
S: Since when are you this decent of a person?
Dean: But it pays well.
Dean: Really? It’s been busy here. I just got back from fixing some guy’s car in that fancy part of town.
Cold: Maybe far away?
“I was one of the last ones to leave, and we all lost touch. The only one I see anymore is my brother.” Cas remembered everything, how his father had sent Luci out, with only a bag of clothes and some of his stuff. How Luci had come back each night to steal his own belongings from his old room he had shared with Michael. Until he was caught by their father he had come every night, assuring them all he had found a place to stay, a job, and sometimes bringing candy to help them keep silent.
The sun was beautiful out, shining down on the busy streets and warm on Cas’s face. He looks down on the bill Dean tipped him, scanning the street sign to find the park he is looking for. It was nearly 1 in the afternoon, and he still hadn't found the place Dean referred to.
“Hey, it’s okay. We can be brave together okay? Let’s feed it a bug, and see how long it takes. then you’ll see you have plenty time to escape.”
“So?” He was looking up at Sam, fidgeting with his hands, and when he stepped closer, he could see his eyes were wet.
“Uhm, hello? That boyfriend would be me?” Gabriel cuts in. Dean turned around to see Gabe in an apron holding a pan.
Big brother Dean is typing...
“You think he’s cute.” It’s not a question, it’s a statement. And Cas knows she’s right.
-Cas-
On fire:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Same thing right?” Dean shrugged. “We’re gonna feed to to the plant anyway.”
On fire: Sad, probably?
When they returned to the plant, the lady was sitting behind a small desk, and seemed to smile when they walked in. The sun was getting lower slowly, and they could see the woodlouse in the plant, still fully formed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh that’s fine! if you’re not too busy maybe we can chat a bit?”
Cas shook the hand shortly, and extended a polite smile.
A little short, but here come the soul marks, finally!
the years seemed a blur, and it had not been easy on them financially. But Sam felt so proud, walking to receive his degree right after his boyfriend.
“You remembered that?” Sam seemed as confused as Dean was feeling.
Dean gave him what he hoped was a stern deathglare, and took the menu. He started scanning the first courses, looking for something new he hadn’t tried. Kevin wanted something really special for his restaurant, and also something affordable and with quality, so Dean knew that whatever he ordered he would get the best they could make. It had taken Kevin years of effort and gathering investors, saving up and planning to be able to build it. Dean had helped, and he was proud of Kevin and satisfied with the result.
“Yes, i am just sick today. I’m sorry but i’m staying in bed today. I should have let you know though.” Sam’s soulmark went ice cold. That never happened before.
-Cas-
“Dean?” Sam stood up, and now they were both standing in a random living room staring at each other.
Gabriel kneeled down, and held out his hand.
“Yeah.” he sighs, then adds: “no shit” for good measure.
“Dean?”
“The garden, the ice cream.” Cas sighed. And it hit Dean. It had been a date after all, hadn’t it?
“Ah, that makes sense. I work as an engineer, so i don’t start that early, you see.” Dean says with a small smile as he swipes his card.
Either way, I think it worked out great.
“Then...you must’ve been the person he came in to buy food for, a while back?”
It wasn’t hot, scorching, it just felt...right. He felt warm on his side, and he felt relaxed. It felt like coming home after a long trip, collapsing on the bed, knowing you don’t have to get up. It felt like racing to a finish line, running through the lint and not looking back. It felt like finishing a 10000 pieces puzzle after two years. He opened his eyes slightly, seeing just a glimpse of Gabriel. His friend, no, his Soulmate. His romantic soulmate whom he was in love with. He tried to ground himself in reality. He tasted toothpaste, and it mixed with his apple scented breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam’s Mark went hot, not uncomfortable but loving, and softly glowing with warmth. It felt like wearing a nice fluffy sweater, like reading in bed with a cat at your side while it rains outside. Like falling asleep in someone’s arms in a freshly made bed. Like baking a super sweet caramel cake together and getting flour everywhere. It felt like love.
“Yeah man, Dean looked really sad.”
“Well where is yours then?”
“Well no, not really. i just have a higher chance of getting it, so my family is told to check up with a doctor when the notice something odd right away.”
“Please, sir is for my dad, call me Dean.”
“What is your address?” Dean looked over to see Cas staring out the window with a sad expression.
Cas wipes down the counter, and then turns the sign in the front to indicate that they’ve opened. Anita has started up most of the shop. Cas only needs to write on the sign with chalk what they are offering today, put it outside, check inventory and prepare the baked goods that Anita made yesterday and then stall them out. He prepares the goods first, unpacking them carefully and putting them on display. After, his fingers are slightly cold. He’s in the back writing their prices and other info on the chalkboard, when the bell dings, indicating someone has entered the shop.
Cas and Dean finally go on their date together! It might have involved more emotions than they both hoped, but the unexpected can turn out to be quite pleasant.
“You know, lemme, lemme tell ya something about mahself.”Cas slurred in Dean’s ear. Dean sighed fondly, and began walking towards the door, to get Cas somewhere with less music and alcohol.
It had been a slow day, mondays were usually the busier days of the week, where the cafeé would buzz with excitement and the existential dread of the beginning of the week. He felt worried, he hadn’t seen Dean all week. Thinking maybe the other gave up on him and was working up the courage to tell it to his face. Just an hour ago, he saw that Sam arrived on campus by bus, as the bus station was on the opposite side of the street from the café.
“Hey Dean. Sorry, but it’s going to take another half an hour to finish the pie.”
“I ain’t good with feelins ya’know? But i want’cha to know that i care ‘bout you.” He murmered. Dean gave a fond smile at that.
“Oh! i’ll have a mocha latte with a piece of apple pie, if you have it?”
Whoop I hope y'all like it, I made some -terrible- fanart to go with it.
“Thanks, I know it was a short notice.” Dean said while firmly shaking the other man’s hand. Cas guessed this was Kevin. And sure enough, the man turned to Cas next, and extended his hand.
“It took us years too, before we could leave.” Dean broke the silence.
Sammy is typing
S: What is it with you and driving me to campus anyway?
“I love you.”
Dean didn’t like making house calls from the garage, especially in this neighbourhood. It was nothing short of a maze, and some of the people there treated him like trash. But it also paid much better, and they could only just make ends meet. Sammy only took assignments to do online, programming or anything he could do in his spare time, but it’s not a lot of money. So most of the burden of rent and other bills fell on Dean. Not to be rude or marginalize Sam though, he was doing really well in school and got some amazing grades that would secure a great future for him. Dean couldn’t be more proud. But, as mentioned before it was more expensive to hire a mechanic to come to your house than to drive your car over there. Some people could just spare the money. He began to drive slowly, scanning the signs next to the door posts for the number. 87...89...91...93!
“I thought it was a date.” Cas said, almost as if he was sober. “What was a date?” Dean leaned over without realising.
The nerd is undoubtedly talking about the several “theories of everything” he has studied, his favourite contains the idea that time is not inherit to our dimension. Dean sighs and pushes himself away from the wall to go talk to his brother. Maybe is he gets a push in the right direction he could actually get laid. He walks over and sits down on the opposite side of Sam, extending a hand over to greet the pretty girl with chocolate, honey glazed eyes.
