Eyes glanced around the different corners of their room as both Rosie Watson and Sherlock Holmes pulled themselves forward in outrage. John jumped as his daughter ripped herself from where she had been nestled against him and feared she was actually going to launch herself at Molly. Mrs Hudson could be heard scolding Sherlock for nearly giving her a heart attack. Neither onlooker could distinguish which one had actually shouted; but from the looks on their faces it felt safe to say that both of them were equally as guilty.
Billy nodded with hesitation, creeping forward towards John as he smiled encouragingly. Prince John placed a hand on his shoulder. “Billy, I get scared too. In fact, when I was up there I was terrified until you waved at me.” His eyes still didn't met the Prince's fully, darting back and forth between them and the Opal ring.
Sherlock faked being dead, yet somehow he was the one mad at John.
Her dad was always there to take care of her when she was ill, but Chickenpox was highly contagious and her dad had never had them before. Rosie had initially been very upset by this, before it was explained to her that getting Chickenpox as an adult was very different then getting them as a kid. The last thing she wanted was to make her dad sick, so she toughed it out. She had Sherlock for company, he had even given up his bedroom after that first night. She had spent most of it up, feeling nauseous and coughing in the spare room before Sherlock moved her downstairs to be easily accessible.
Hope responded, sounding closer than he had before. “It's fabric from the uniform of an army officer of Gilder - GET!” A smack sounded as John heard the whinny of his horse and the sound of hooves running off. “Once the horse reaches the castle, the fabric will make the Prince suspect the Gilderians have abducted his love. When he finds his body dead on the Gilder frontier, his suspicions will be totally confirmed.” So it was a murder plot, perfect.
“You are fast.” Lestrade grunted as he turned to face him. An impressed smirk on his face as he cornered the man.
The second, was one he ensured to get everyday; a ride along the forest trail. The Prince Consort took the same route every day. Out of the grounds and into the King’s forest. Used typically for royal hunting parties and trespassing for common folk was forbidden. It felt foolish to John to bar an entire wood, regardless of it being so small, but he had to admit he was grateful for it a little as it provided John the only part of his day where he was truly left alone. Even at night he could hear the clinking armour of a guard outside his door. In the wood he could be alone with his thoughts; if he let his mind wander that way (which he didn't, usually) he could be reminded of the grounds that surrounded Musgrave Hall. The few times that Sherlock's antics would drive them out there, usually coming back with muddy boots and leaves in his hair. It was familiar, which made it feel more like home than the palace did.
Rosie tugged on his sleeve. “You were in trouble from the eels dad.”
“Our special guest? The Dread Pirate Roberts… or rather, his
Back in the year 498, Captain Watson discarded his helmet, tucking it under his arm in proper fashion and crossed the field to where Prince James stood. He couldn’t think as to what he had done to be summoned by the Crown Prince, but he still held his chin up and gave the man his dues as in greeting. “Good evening, your highness. I was informed you wanted a word?”
come back for you.”
Why had he played and tormented John that way?
The Man in Black studied him for a second before responding. “I believe you.”
“Not until you put that damn thing back on me.”
John tried not to let his hesitations show as a rope was tied around his waist and attached to Lestrade. He forced himself not to look up at the impossible feat in front of them, and focused on Hope and Adler strapping themselves to the Brute. Once everyone was secure, Lestrade gave a grunt. “Hold on tight, here we go.”
? The nerve. He looked him dead in the eye, for once Robert's’ gaze was not the coldest thing on the hillside. Not compared to the icy fury that took hold of him. “And what truth is that!? HMM?!”
Dimmock glowered in frustration, “Then don’t just stand here, go give her some trouble! I hardly see why one woman is slowing down our entire operation!”
Perhaps he had been a tad simple in some areas, not to his own fault but due to his upbringing; but Irene knew that underneath that mass and common minded exterior was a brilliant man. Nobody could connect pieces together like he could, a skill which had saved them countless times. Irene was clever, but that cleverness was oft naught which landed her in trouble. Lestrade knew how to read the signs; survey the area. She hoped the man was alright.
(See the end of the chapter for
Their run was silent, an attempt to save oxygen and energy until they were able to rest again, which had allotted John the chance to silently begin realising just how troublesome a situation he was in.
. It was as if John had betrayed him somehow. John couldn't look at him any longer without feeling shame and utter humiliation. He quickly turned toward the door and ran out as fast as he could. Caring very little if anyone heard him; his days working here were likely numbered now anyway.
Sorry for the delay, I was under the weather and unable to finish the chapter sooner. I will be posting two chapters next time, as Chapter Seven was the first part of the story I wrote.
“Three years ago.”
She nodded enthusiastically.
“It couldn't wait. It just couldn't wait till morning.” John panted, winded from the run still. “Sherlock I---” Now that he was in front of the man, John felt his certainty start to wain. What if he was wrong?
It seemed very possible. “I went back for you, and I heard that you…” he looked as if the words pained him to even think of.
“You mock my pain?” John asked sharply.
“How did you know that?” Sherlock sounded almost mortified.
“I promise; you seem a decent woman, madame. I hate to have to die.”
Hope wasted no time, the moment he was free from his harness he pulled a knife out of his pocket. Sawing the rope they had used off the makeshift anchor that John felt grateful in not knowing to just be another rock before reaching the top. Had he known fear of a rockslide as well of falling were in the cards, he might had passed right out. With a final
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who are you?”
“Well Billy, let me tell you right now you have no reason to be scared of me. Can I tell you a secret? Just between you and me?” John lowered his voice, beckoning the boy forward.
Rosie nodded with a frown that Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to fight with today. If he argued it, then the tension from before would surely follow and the last he needed was more witnesses to such things. For now, he would play nice. “Sit with us!”
What is your problem? It's a bloody fairytale, it's not like we're actually together-”
John thought to himself,
The both drew their swords as an unspoken referee between them declared:
sound - something else caught his attention.
John looked at his feet, several gourds had already fallen victim to Holmes’ tests. He tried not to think about how he had almost been one of them. “Well, it looks to me like you have enough to go on. Now get down or I'm going to come up and drag you down.”
“I'm okay, I guess. Molly has been telling me stories and Sherlock has been keeping me company when I was sad.” Rosie reached out for his hand, having been without her dad for days and not wanting him to go anytime soon. “Does this mean you can stay with me now?”
Roberts. Once the crew was broken in and believed me Roberts, she left with her fortune to make a new life in peace and have been Roberts ever since. However, now that we are together again. I believe it is time for me to retire the name and hand it over to someone else. I’ve amassed enough of a fortune that would rival many a nobleman, if you don’t mind the downgrade from royalty.” There is a teasing wink in his eye that prompted John to give him a nudge of the elbow, still taking all of this in.
!” His voice was hushed but stern, leaning past his daughter to be heard.
Merde - Shit, Damn, etc
At this, Irene withdrew the blade she carried, holding it out for the Man in Black to examine. Curious eyes took hold of it. Feeling it's balance and weight, giving it a satisfying swish in the air. A small grin of amazement on his lips shone for a second before replaced with a stoic condolence. “I've never seen it's equal.” he mused, offering it back to The Woman. “So you've done nothing but study swordplay?”
Sherlock watched him daringly, eyes narrowing to call his bluff. “No you won't, you’d never dare.”
. The two men just stood there, holding each other. Foreheads pressed together, both trying very hard not to think of how this was a goodbye.  Ignoring that just outside that door was Sherlock's bags to leave.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “Ask away.”
; just before I stab him through the heart with his own blade.”
marry you then I assure you there will be no wedding by my own means.” John’s voice took a dark edge, the morbid meaning clear in the eyes of all witnesses.
“But Sherlock, I-”
to deceive him. For while Hope proved to be the opposite of his initial claims, reminding him very much of his old managers - it was in Irene that Lestrade had found everything he was promised. A loyal friend, she held no fear of him. She could handle herself, but was always appreciative of his skills when they were in deep waters. The two had worked as a great team, and Hope knew their pressure points. Irene needed the job, she needed the ability to travel and cross paths with all types. She was looking for something and needed the coin and opportunity  that Hope provided. Whereas, Lestrade’s fears of loneliness and being in bad company were what kept him in line.
A kind smile; one that had Dimmock not been present for, he mightn’t have believed it himself; crossed the face of Prince James. Kind, but had the man been brave enough to look closer, perhaps he might have noticed how it hollow beneath the surface. A smile that was less kind and more unnatural the longer one faced it. However, Dimmock was not such a bold man; and Prince Jonathan stood too far and his mind too distracted, to notice. “ Too soon, love. Patience.”
He tried to topple the man, cause a stumble. Instead it was more akin to a very aggressive hug and quite frankly he felt foolish. Lestrade smirked and head butted him, sending him back a few steps.
They walked in silence for a few more moments, but this time it was comfortable. Even in the treacherous terrain of the Fire Swamp, all either man could truly think of was how nice it was for the other to be a physical reality once more. It wasn’t until their first brush with the fire swamp’s dangers caught them by surprise that they were jostled back into the reality of the situation. They had been hearing popping sounds since entering, they had always been in the distance so it had been something they made note of but didn’t actively fret about without just cause to.
“I'm awake. Promise… its just…” Rosie sighed, swallowing the tablet and chasing it down with a gulp of water as Molly tilt her head curiously.
Her senses were proved correct; for when Sherlock turned to leave his room he was frozen in place as the bundled figure of Greg Lestrade hesitantly looked into the room. “Your door was left open and I wanted to make sure you were all alright… what's going on?” his hasty explanation was followed by a curious glance into the room.
“Easy for you to say, you aren't doing the hard part.” Lestrade grunted.
How many times had he read those words over, the report from Rudolph Holmes?
Those cupid bow lips were softer than John had thought possible. His own rougher chapped lips felt unworthy to touch ones so plush, yet they welcomed him without hesi-
(See the end of the chapter for
The little girl gasped, “Oh no! Dad are you going to be okay?” Remembering the reason why they had been separated for a bit.
John, who had by this point been resting in his tiny chair by the fire, looked up. Confused before realising what Sherlock referred to before looking slightly grim. “Oh… err, my apologies sir. I forgot myself. It won't happen again.”
“Are you okay?” Molly asked, concern covering her face. Reaching forward, she placed a hand to her forehead. “You feel about the same but you look unwell. Well, more so.”
After several minutes, the Count seemed to come to a stop in front of a patch of trees which appeared to hold no significance to Lestrade. Pausing in silence, in the dark before from the east, a small, disgusting looking fella wandered over to him.
At that, Sherlock’s head cocked upwards, feeling the tremors of the ground once again. The Prince’s riding party was approaching. They weren’t directly overhead, still a bit off, but too close for comfort if he could feel their approach. “John, do you trust me?”
Molly considered this, she couldn't say she didn't disagree. She had been young when she first read the story, never considered it this way. Nostalgia blindness attributing to this. “So what you're saying that you like the story, but you need it tweaked.” She asked, an idea brewing in her head. Molly shifted further onto the foot of the bed, tucking her feet under. “Alright, lucky for you I know this story backwards and forwards, I can retell it to you.”
The Prince shifted in his seat instinctively at Hope's shout, seeing that Adler kept turning her head into the direction behind them. The sudden movement also brought a sharp jab to his side. A loose nail, bingo!
“Why?”
Sherlock didn't speak immediately, but he took a step towards John so that he could now better smell the expensive soaps used the in Main House, the laundered linen of his clothes and a musk that could only be described as Sherlock. It was intoxicating and it was cruel. “I was informed yesterday that I was to go forth on this trip. My Uncle Ruddy, works in the Port Town and can put me on a ship for me to seek my fortune. My mother intended for me to stay the summer, but after your nocturnal visit I realised I couldn't wait that long.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked aghast. “You’ve got to be kidding me, you cannot be mad at me too
” She was in near-hysterics, and a glance across the room showed that Sherlock had turned away into what looked like the beginning to a sulk of epic proportions.
“Sir, we both know that you are not favourable in your kingdom. The problem is that one day you are going to need that favour badly.” Count Charles explained. “This is a man not only of respect, but people like him. He is approachable. I even heard him defend your honour a few days ago.”
The Man in Black seemed to find amusement in that, amusement but also a bit of anger.
“SURRENDER!”
Despite the chaos on the boat, it still managed to chase him efficiently. Water clashing as he pumped his arms and legs with all his might. He could feel the water ripple violently around him and the shouts of Hope almost caused John to miss a terrifying hiss that came from the depths below. Pausing on the spot, treading in the water, John listened as the hiss came again but louder. Closer and accompanied.
“Oh no you don't!” This time, John cut through. “You are going to stay, right Rosie?”
“Well… I’m used to… fighting large groups… great big gangs…” The Man made a sound that he couldn't tell if it was from the latest jerk, or if he was just encouraging him to continue explaining --- which he did regardless. Lestrade felt the lack of oxygen bring him to his knees, as The Man in Black began slipping. It was less of an intentional choke and more of the lean figure trying to hold on for dear life before passing out himself. It was a matter of who would crack first. “You see mate...aargh…you use different moves for fighting a group of ‘em then yeh do…” Lestrade was on his hands and knees, fighting for consciousness. “...just..onahh…”
. You see, as it so happened that during that time I had uncovered the first of life’s mysteries and had been waiting for a chance to reveal it in a way that wouldn’t cost my head. In the meantime, I was learning how to fence. Studying and learning anything the crew was willing to teach me and what I could gather from my own observations. I admit, perhaps I held off on approaching Roberts about his secret because we had grown to become friends. At the time, I still had no knowledge if I would ever return to you or be killed at dawn but as long as we were friends, I was alive which meant I still had a chance.”
The end of Mary was inevitable. They all saw it coming, and secretly, although some less secretly than others, they were all relieved. Sherlock looked forward to having John to himself again. He looked forward to beans on toast while watching reality television programmes, and assisting his flatmate with the daily crossword puzzle, and listening to the muffled sounds of him getting ready for bed each evening. He looked forward to John smelling like himself again, like Tesco's generic herbal shampoo, and warm wool jumpers, and that particular fabric softener on his clothing.
“Right. I had sort of forgotten that we’ll have to leave here at some point.”
“Yeah. I do.”
Sherlock arched up a bit, angling a nipple into John’s mouth. “Yeah. Sure.”
“Nothing, nothing’s wrong. I want to make you come, though.”
“Your sister’s a cheeky one,” Sherlock said, winking at Alice, who turned bright red, tucked her hair behind her ear, and wove through the tables toward the kitchen.
, expressly delivered by John's cock. Sherlock figured his own
Sherlock sighed, glared at John over his microscope, and pushed back from the kitchen table. “Because it's absurd.”
John turned and rinsed, then turned off the water. Sherlock pushed back the shower curtain and pulled a towel off the rod, wrapped it around John, then reached back and grabbed one for himself.
Sherlock lay there, in the dark silence of their bedroom, and held John tighter to his chest. John mumbled something unintelligible in his sleep and exhaled deeply. Solid. John was so solid, and that really was a conundrum, because humans, like stars, were mostly gas. Sixty-five percent oxygen, ten percent hydrogen, a little nitrogen. And didn’t John shine, too?
Standing there in the middle of the crowded club, crisis averted, Sherlock registered the truth of how strongly they grounded each other. It wasn’t just an understanding of the way John anchored him, but the heady realization that he did the same for John. He was important. These things that John had been trying to impress upon him were true. There was no one else for John. There was just Sherlock.
"She’s masterful, isn’t she?"
The Junior Council begins training; John and Sherlock contemplate the night skies, and find an opportunity to visit to their ice cave.
John took a giant bite of his first slice of pizza and groaned. “My God, are they freaking kidding me with this? How is this so good?”
John grabbed the remote and made the dung beetles disappear. In their place, Matt Damon and Franka Potente burst onto the screen.
In the distance he heard the crunch of rubber on gravel, gears downshifting, the rumble of a V8 208hp engine. The truck came closer, then the engine cut out, spluttering and hissing before letting out a final few bangs. A door creaked open, and slammed shut.
"Ah, I see. Well then, if you do bring a date, you'll dance in the closed position, like this" -- and Sherlock had pulled John close against him, angled away slightly toward their joined hands, and John had intuitively increased the pressure of his hand on Sherlock's shoulder blade -- "and if you dance with his sister, or someone you don't know well, you'll dance like this" -- and then Sherlock had put distance between them, making contact with only their hands. John nodded that he understood, and then pulled Sherlock back in tight.
“Like what?” John let go of Sherlock’s hand, and stretched his fingers around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, into those sweet, silky curls. Their knees were pressed together, and one of Sherlock’s long, thin feet was tucked in between John’s.
“Fine. I hope you’ll allow me to at least get more comfortable?” He pulled his shirt out of his pants, slipped off his socks, wriggled his toes, and unbuttoned a few buttons.
Sherlock was already so close and John knew him so well, knew exactly how to stroke, how fast, how hard. He pressed his forehead to John’s and took a deep, shuddering breath.
“Sure it does. There could be other versions of us out there. What if in one of those worlds you marry some cute little blond woman, and I’m alone forever?”
John swiped to the second photo. In this one, Sherlock had just turned toward him, and he was quirking one eyebrow and cocking his head. His black curls were offset by the cast of yellow-gold tiles, and a swath of a young girl’s red peasant frock matched the pink of his cheeks.
“What were you expecting?” John asked while gently prying Mummy’s arms off of his shoulders and fishing in his sport jacket pocket for a handkerchief to offer her.
Sherlock was either going to come or hyperventilate. Maybe both. He dragged two lungfuls of air in through his nose, and tried to hold onto it for more than three seconds.
“So's your mouth.”
“Top to bottom, over the tip, just like that –”
Cetus offers Sherlock a weak smile and shakes his head. “That, my son, is one for the ages.”
“It’s your neck, Lestrade. Have fun, you two.” The bouncer waved them past and reached for the next person’s ID.
“Once these come off, I don't think I'll be able to control myself, John."
Thank you, happierstill!
“Hmm. Was that our first fight?”
“Mm. You are perfect. You are, every single bit of you, completely devourable.” Sherlock licked again and again, spurred on by John’s ragged breathing, his high-pitched whimpers, the gorgeous stretch of his thighs on either side of Sherlock’s face. He narrowed his focus, circling inward, until his tongue was working John’s quivering hole, and Sherlock’s own cock was sliding against the smooth tile floor.
“I may have … miscalculated.”
By lilicorbijn,
“Mmhm.”
Tonight is the end
“Theirs is not an unusual tale, to be clear. There have always been same-peng pairings in emperor culture, and, in fact, all penguin species, if not all animalkind. What has changed, unfortunately, is the way in which societies respond to those couplings. If I could explain why thoughts on love have drifted back and forth over time, we would probably not be here now, having this discussion.
Next to him John’s wing trembles. “What is it, Olive? What do you see?”
I predict a very good chapter.
Behind them the door opened, and above them the bird spooked and flew back into the rain. John stepped out to join them, dripping wet, leaving puddles under his shoes.
John loves his lessons with Cetus, and works well with Molling and Stamfjord. Each day he shares with Sherlock the healing practices he's studied, and if possible, the reasons behind the use of particular materials. Sherlock is most interested in the science of what the healers do, although John stresses to him that, sometimes, there is as much comfort in an incantation, or calling upon the appropriate god or goddess, as there is in laying a carefully crafted poultice to a wound, or applying the right movements to a disjointed wing.
I’m having a hard time writing. When I started posting TWG I had 17 chapters written and since then I’ve written eight more chapters. I’m out of chapters. I’m half way through this week’s chapter and I have no faith in it. I said I would post weekly and I’ve done that for 25 weeks, but I honestly don’t know if I’ll be able to maintain that schedule. I’m sorry.
“Excellent. Let’s go. I have a feeling we’ll be hearing from both of them soon.”
“And this?” Sherlock closed his mouth and sucked short, sweet pulses around those fingers.
Sherlock doesn’t know what Mycroft is asking of him. Close his eyes? Look inside? Look at what? Where?
“Excellent. Let’s get her back to the colony, and into the huddle. We can talk there. For now, we've woven these strands of seaweed together, and can use this to transport Tui back to the colony. Siger and Erebus, would you mind doing the honour of taking the leads? Anahera can walk alongside her, in case she wakes and is disoriented.”
Unfurl you?
, and I don't blame them.
“I don’t know. Maybe. If and when the time is right.”
arching on top of him and panting in his ear.
Pengful thanks to KarlyAnne who holds things up to my written-word-weary eyes and says, "What is this? This makes no sense," so that I can say, "Shit. You're right. I'll fix it."
“This is strong. I’ll be up all night.”
John kissed the side of Sherlock’s head, just above his ear, and hummed. Sherlock was expecting him to continue talking about resolutions, but John was burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair, his breath puffing out into his ear. Sherlock’s left eyelid twitched, and his spine further melded into the sofa.
, Sherlock. Do you mind?”
“No, you’re not. Wake up properly. You have to see this.”
“I was thinking about stroking your penis until you climaxed.”
Sherlock's mouth is magic, his tongue is bliss, his lips are a miracle. All three are working John's cock now, and Sherlock's desperate enthusiasm is as arousing as the blow job he's giving. He keens and grunts as he sucks, and John is quickly losing the ability to think whatsoever, let alone clearly. He does pull back, though, and when he tells Sherlock to wait, they are both gasping for air, flushed and sweating.
“Hey, no. Look at me.”
"A corset? Really?"
“Are you really here?”
“John. This is
He was appreciative of John’s admiration but didn’t know what he’d done to deserve it, other than inheriting a certain set of genetic traits from a long line of relatives he’d never known. Certainly something so random, something he couldn’t own or take credit for, was a tenuous quality for which to be grateful? It felt precarious to him, as if John’s admiration was based on something outside himself.
Pictures and cocktails followed the receiving line, but by the time Sherlock and John were done with all the posed photographs Mummy wanted, the drinks hour had ended and the guests were moving on to the dining tent. Sherlock grabbed a bottle of Veuve Cliquot from a server and passed it to John, who took a long chug and then passed it back.
✓ watch youtube videos on swagger
“A bath?”
Half an hour later he was too distracted by his own arousal to continue reading. There was a whole world of sexual pleasure out there he’d never stopped to consider. He put the phone back on the nightstand, turned out the light, and tried to think about assassins and death threats instead of some of the sexual activities he’d just read about. It was futile. He was mentally cataloguing a list of acts he wanted to try in order of priority when he finally drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock lets John go, knowing that there is nothing in the world that can separate them now. They have faced what they thought was an insurmountable obstacle, reconciled themselves with a difficult path, and have come through on the other side even stronger than before.
The ice rushes up to meet him, and again, everything is white.
John grunted.
? Did they mean … dating? After all, didn’t everyone from Angelo to Mrs. Hudson think they were dating? Why did everyone think they were dating? Should they be dating? Why should they be dating?
John wriggles under Sherlock’s back to help him stand, and when they’re both relatively composed Sherlock calls back, “No, brother mine, I’ve nothing to share, and no questions to ask. Do carry on.”
“That depends on how you define ‘gift,’ John.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath.
fearful, dreadful, awful, horrible
“Not possible.”
Sherlock tells Mycroft that he will sleep on this request, and answer him in the morning, and Mycroft accepts this compromise, presumably, Sherlock suspects, because he knows it’s the best response he’s going to get right now.
“SHERLOCK.”
“Of course.” Sherlock gave John a lopsided smile and watched as he reached over to his bedside lamp, turned it off, and moved back as close as he could without touching Sherlock. On their sides again, face to face, John took Sherlock’s hand in his, brought it to his mouth, and kissed the back of it.
“Come, John, let’s go back to the huddle. We will talk more tomorrow.”
There was the sound of a cabinet door opening, then James started talking again.
"Pleease." If this doesn't do it, Sherlock doesn't know what he'll do.
That night they ordered dim sum from their favourite takeaway shop, and John broached the topic as he popped the lids off plastic containers and dished up their dinner.
What a reckless prediction. We only have but 32 great chapters so far... ;-)
“They couldn't be, not — oh. Oh, of course. They didn't need a calling, or a parade. Of course they were bonded.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “I like how smooth it is, except for the hair in between your pectorals, here, and I like that hair. I like your … nipples … how small and tight they get. I like your pectorals. They’re firm but not overly so, and I find their shape very appealing.”
Maryle keeps the waterworks going as she explains to John that she’s come to think of him as her only true friend, the only “floe” to which she can cling, now that her parents are gone.
“You can understand why I didn’t reconnect with him.”
John kneels and plants his hands on either side of Sherlock's hips, then lowers his head and sucks the tip of Sherlock's cherry-slicked cock into his mouth. The gloss is thick and sticky, and the combination of that and John's saliva feels like murder on his needy flesh, he is sure he is going to die of his own arousal. John's movements are slow and teasing, and Sherlock can only moan his need for more.
“Sshh, it’s okay, love. We’ve had such long lives together, haven’t we? It will be okay. Soon now, we’ll go, and we’ll be reunited with so many that have passed before us. And do you know, Sherlock, whom I may be most looking forward to meeting?”
“Don’t sound so surprised!”
“I just peeled off my disgusting clothes, and we’re checking each other out, but trying to not be caught checking each other out.”
“Absolutely. Don’t forget, I spend time at the main house, too. At least, I do when the two of you aren’t visiting.”
“Stop being cute, Johnling!”
“Me? Obviously.” Sherlock grinned back and began to laugh. “Couldn’t you tell? The inability to form a sentence, the full body paralysis, the uncontrollable shaking? The copious amounts of semen?” He trailed a finger through the mess splattered across their bellies and chests.
“Stop it. Let me finish this massage.”
“Me. I’m wrong. I’ve been wrong. For a very long time now.” John looks at Sherlock’s forehead, between his eyes. He must be furrowing his brow.
, he comes to understand, is another like him. Of course, he realizes: he is begotten. This is his father, who grooms him now, bending low, tucking a slick black head under his scrawny wing to right him, prop him, test him. He must move a bit now, he must learn to hold himself, because unmoving is unsafe. It is too cold to go far, so he stays tucked under his father, and he watches.
Lyra steps forward now, assuming her role as peacekeeper on the council.
“Yes, well, I realised I don’t know much about coffee and should try something new.”
“Nothing that involves getting out of this bed.”
"You are Erebel, daughter of Sherlock and John of Pobeda, begotten by Erebus of Pobeda and Anahera of Rūnanga."
“Oh, God, that’s good.”
Check out
“Okay, well most of the restaurants in Andersonville are north of Foster, so you might want to go in that direction.” She tapped at her iPad and then swiveled it toward Sherlock. “There you go. $8.72 with tax. Are you on our mailing list?”
Nine stops later, they descended the stairs, got their bearings, and headed toward Lincoln Avenue. The north end of the street was pedestrianized, with Merz close to where they’d joined the avenue.
“Mm. Good.” He tosses it onto the bed and then sits down at the edge, thighs parted and feet planted firmly on the floorboards. Sherlock hands him a glass of champagne, and he takes a sip before saying, “Com'ere, love, let me look at you.”
"John, I said I was sorry."
"Any more?"
“Me, too. But then you did push me off. You didn't say a word, you just went to get the hot chocolate, and I thought maybe you’d seen something in my expression that you didn’t like, or that you just didn’t like it, period.”
The four of them sat there in silence, growing more and more focused on their respective partners. The fingers of John’s right hand were drifting up and down the side of Sherlock’s neck, raising goosebumps, while the fingers of his left massaged the outer edge of his groin.
Kevin took a long draw of his drink and bit his bottom lip. His eyebrows were drawn over the bridge of his nose. He nodded. “Absolutely. Very fortunate.”
“No, it's not. Oh god, that's good.”
“That reminds me, what’d Bea say to you this morning? Did she write you up or…?” John asked, jerking his chin over Molly’s shoulder towards where their boss, Beatrice, stood, trying to talk a customer into trying a Turkish coffee. Molly had been late again that morning. John had stood outside the shop at 5am for thirty minutes, collecting a small gathering of annoyed customers as it drew closer and closer to their scheduled opening, before she arrived, flustered and embarrassed, to use her supervisor keys to open the store. John regretted asking the question immediately as Molly’s eyes welled. She shook her head, blinking quickly to dispel the tears.
“It's bloody fantastic.”
?? manscaping ??
Oh, God. Sherlock could barely remember. It had been more an academic exercise than anything else, a curiosity that had pulled him toward the newsstand and overcome his embarrassment enough to mutter, “Any gay porn magazine,” at the cashier as he stared at the rows of chewing gum and breath mints and refused to meet the other man’s eyes.
Sherlock took a deep breath and made himself keep going. “The kid was so desperate to get off, oh God, John, please, he was bucking his hips up and down, and the captain told him to behave or the spanking would just get worse, but the kid couldn’t control himself. He dropped the glove and started begging the captain to touch him, to please let him come.”
piece of art
Back at the colony, Sherlock leads Mycroft within a short distance of the crèche. They stop, and Mycroft takes in the site of hundreds of adolescent emperors packed together, a hodgepodge of ruffled feathers and renegade fluff, bills tucked down low under wings. An occasional hiccup or snort or squeak escapes their slumber.
Sherlock opened his eyes and scanned the room for clues. “Oh, God. It's past 1:00, isn't it?”
“You can deliver this information as well as I can. Better, in fact. You’re the diplomat between us, like Father. You thrive on council matters.”
Sherlock glanced down at his clipboard and pretended not to notice that #12, John Watson, was walking right toward him. He’d just jot down some of these numbers right here, real busy like, and —
"But you said 'erection' and you know how I get when you talk about sex."
“Mm. Barely.”
She smiles at him. “I’m glad. I’m glad you’re so confident. I feel very honoured to be a part of this. I don’t even know what ‘this’ is, but I can tell it’s going to be important.”
“Your forehead gets all scrunchy and you get two lines across the bridge of your nose.”
John shrugged. “It’s true. The prodigal son returns home to his sole remaining family member, a sister who couldn’t give a shit about him, by the way, and he can’t walk without a cane, can’t work in the operating theatre, and isn’t much good to anyone at all.”
"Don't go. Need you."
“Well, partly. Mostly, it was because you were fucking hot when you were practicing in those little shorts, and playing in those tight pants, and strutting around school in this jacket. John, I can’t stand football.”
“Yes.”
Into battle, Sherlock thinks.
They went through that shoebox and made their piles of photos, and then stacked them all up on the dresser and got back on the bed. John curled around Sherlock, arm over chest and arms, leg over legs, head tucked under chin. His stomach growled. Sherlock laughed.
“Yeh – yes, I touched myself, I – I rubbed myself with the cream and – I rubbed it in, all over.”
“My cock reminds you of your birthday?”
“So, this one time we were goofing around near the steps, and you were trying to climb out of the water when I jumped up to grab you, but we were all slippery, and instead of your waist I got your hips, and slid. God, do you remember this? I started to pull you backward, and you must've thrown yourself forward to not fall back in, and you ended up on all fours, halfway up the steps, and I had my arms around your thighs and my face pressed against your ass.”
Much to his chagrin,
“John, listen to me for a second. Shhh. Listen.”
“Oh, God,” they said at the same time.
When Sherlock opens his eyes, he is unsure of his surroundings. He blinks. He looks up, and from side to side. He sees the darkening sky above him, and Anahera next to him, and beyond, he sees ice, and emperors, emperors everywhere. He does not see Pōrangi. The brilliant white is gone.
Mycroft sniffed and averted his gaze. “While that might be accurate,” he began before Sherlock cut him off again.
“A wine bar?”
"Ohhh. Ohh
Sherlock bent his leg and dug his foot into John's armpit, which caused John to jerk back and laugh.
"It is to me, yeah."
John giggled, and leaned over for a chaste kiss. “Okay. What are you going to read?”
“Yes, Sherlock, I see that.” She laughs and taps him affectionately on the shoulders before lowering her wings. “Your father told me everything about your arrival yesterday, but warned me not to wait up for you.” She winks in John’s direction, and Sherlock pretends he has no idea what she is talking about.
“And you were half his size, and he never bothered me again. What about that time in seventh grade, when someone stole my science expo application on the day it was due, and you went through every single locker until you found it? Or in freshman year, when Mr. Rice thought I copied my dissection notes from some science website, and you went and found my frog in the dumpster? You’ve been taking care of me forever.”
Sherlock assures him that he does, so Erebus continues.
Rudy caught someone’s eye in the dining room, and gave a short nod of acknowledgment. “Hey, come with me. We’ll find Kevin, and then I’m going to go check in with Scott.”
two shot glasses
Anahera and
“Okay, babe, if you say so.”
Sherlock flops down on the bed at John's side and sighs as he feels John's fingers undoing Imi's hard work. John places each of the barrettes and elastics on the nightstand, and soon there's a small pile of them competing for space with the newspaper, his reading glasses, and a glass of water. He tells Sherlock to roll over so he can get the remaining plaits and ponytails undone, and then runs his fingers through the mop running riot on Sherlock's head, trying to tame the frizz and kinks.
John tucked the blankets in tighter, then picked up the medicine and drink. "Here ya go, love, Vimto, your favourite. I even put a straw in it. Pop these in your mouth and swallow them down, all right?"
“Family.”
“You're adorable. What are you ordering?”
“Okay, thanks, John!” she called after him.
Sherlock rubs his cheek along John's shoulder and smiles. “What am I doing?”
"You wish for us to quiet the voices of apologist opposition to same-peng pairings, across all emperor colonies. Is this correct?"
“Am I ‒ ? Yes. Yes, of course. Whatever it is ‒”
“I'm not going to do anything,” Sherlock continued, “except line myself up, and then you can take over. Sit up just a bit.” He watched John's face as he lifted his erection and slid the head along John's perineum. When they were aligned, Sherlock held himself in place and said, “All yours.”
“But you haven’t been! We’ve looked everywhere!”
“SHERLOCK! Have you completely lost your mind? It’s two o’clock and here you are, covered in … in …”
Sherlock nods and pulls the door open, remaining safely behind it as John steps through. Sherlock looks down at his silk-clad toes as John closes the door behind him, not wanting to see the look on his lover's face. The sharp inhale of breath makes him close his eyes.
“No, no, no, not looking, not looking, nope.” John plunged into the closet to get his coat.
Sherlock looks down at him, gives him a small smile, nods. “Of course. All of this is going to be fine. You know that, right?”
“Oh, my God,” John laughed. “What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We should do something like that again, now that the kids are all grown.”
"Pāpā, you went to the Shelf and you just happened to meet a peng the color of a star, who just happened to have a same-peng
“But you will, eventually.”
, and when she blended into Bronski Beat’s
Sherlock's throat is sandpaper. His tongue seems to swell in his mouth.
Chapter 1: December 15, on the phone
“Wow. Okay. But I’m still dizzy.”
“All I can tell you at this point is that the person who left this note knows you well. He or she knows your habits, knows your staff’s habits, and knows technology, otherwise they wouldn’t have been able to disable the security cameras at the server.”
“Wow. This is gorgeous,” John said as he lifted it out of the box and turned it this way and that. “This is a real doctor’s bag, from what, the late 1800s?”
in your heart, thus each of you has an obligation to choose good over bad, and right over wrong."
“We appreciate it, Mrs Hudson. Can we bring you back anything from Pitlochry?” John asked.
At night, they huddle with those closest to them: Anahera, Tui, Molling, Lestra, Stamfjord, Ariki, and Kahu. These last two are as silly as ever, but they are peers of Sherlock and John now, and friends. Sherlock and John will always watch for them, the way Erebus will always watch for Sherlock and John, but they are fully grown, and planning for their own future together.
"A whore in –” John has no idea where Sherlock gets his twisted metaphors. He stops caring the moment Sherlock inserts his tongue into John’s mouth. Sherlock tilts his head, aligning them just so, and draws out the kiss. It’s slow and deep and perfect. He is so precise, so exacting with his lips and tongue; it reminds John of the way Sherlock eats a ripe peach, with intent and focus. He’ll want to prove himself now, John thinks. He’ll want to make it up to John, even though there’s nothing for it, nothing to forgive. John will let him, though, because he loves this kind of love-making, when Sherlock takes over and dominates him. Sherlock will take his pleasure from drowning John in sensation, observing his every reaction, fine-tuning every one of John’s groans and sighs, every twitch and shudder.
“Think about it, John. Work it out, backwards. The tooth gives the bearer power to find the heartstone, because the heartstone might save Kororā, who might save Aumārire, who might return to us, to bring us peace and kindness, and grace, and all of that good community stuff.
“You really did think of everything, didn’t you?”
“Hi, Sherlock, I’m John.”
“Because it was important to you. Because I don't give a rat’s arse how many people on Tumblr like me or follow me or whatever. I care that you do. Like me. Or, whatever. So what is it that had you so worked up that you looked like you would have an aneurysm if you didn't win?”
“Sherlock, I did not mean to scare you, or worry you. When I left Tui that day, I truly was coming to find you and John, to tell you that I thought I could help you. Along the way, though, I found the other peng that I needed to find, quite desperately. In talking with him, I became distracted. Time was of the essence, Sherlock, and I did what I had to do. This other peng and I, we needed to leave while the light was good, and as soon as were able to, we came home. With your egg.”
“Can I say all the things at once?”
“No, of course not. You’re totally right.” John licked his lips and reached across the table for Sherlock’s hand. “And you kind of surprised me, too, warming to Sarah like that.”
“Cavernosal … cavernosal veins.”
“I don’t remember much. I know that I’d been sick and that I’d slept most of the day. I was disappointed because John and I had talked about staying up to watch the ball drop in Times Square, but Mom and Dad said I had to stay home and have an early night. I remember Mom coming in to check on me before they left for the party, and kissing me goodnight. She said I had a fever and that she’d have Mrs. Hudson give me something to bring it down.”
Sherlock shifted until he was between John’s spread legs. He knelt on his knees and lowered his head to John’s crotch, imagining the way he must look to John: his head bobbing between his thighs, his back arched sharp and low, his ass high in the air. He slid his hands under John and squeezed those gorgeous cheeks, closed the distance, and swallowed him down as far as he could.
He wanted his flatmate back. His offers for John to move back into 221b, however, fell on deaf ears, so Sherlock turned the offers into requests, and when those were denied, he turned the requests into demands. It tended to be the only thing John ever responded to anymore.
“Impatient, eh? Good things come, Sherlock, to those who –”
“Sacrilege,” John teased. “What sort of Englishman are you?”
"I know," he answered, "I've thought it all through. I think this one is perfect, don't you?" He pulled a long, black, sequined dress from a rack packed tight with garment bags and leotards, boas and tutus. It had a high neck and long sleeves, but was backless, with a deep cowl that would dip to the lowest curve of his back. John's hands would rest on bare skin as they danced, skin that he would be able to feel but not see. She gave a quick nod of approval and leaned back against the brightly lit vanity.
Sherlock sighs and flaps his wings. “First of all, it’s not a
“That was yesterday, love.”
Sherlock looks at Siger, and then at Mycroft. They are both perfectly calm, and would look almost bored, if not for the slight flaring of feathers around Mycroft’s bill, and the narrowing of Siger’s eyes. Pavo and Vela, to Mycroft’s right, look completely gobsmacked, as if they never even considered the peng before them capable of such hostility and malicious intent. Cetus, on the other side of Erebus, has moved half a step closer, as if to restrain his friend if necessary.
John tugged Sherlock in the direction of the hotel a little faster, and Sherlock waxed poetic about John’s heroics a little louder.
Overly full, warm and tingling from the wine, flushed with contentment from the events of the day, Sherlock jiggled his shoulder under John’s arm and pulled one knee up into his lap.
Sherlock winced, remembering how furious John had been, how close he thought he had come to losing his only friend.
Three types of tea leaves
Can you even imagine our boys going there? John would never let Sherlock out of the room, or if he did, he'd be attached to his side the entire time, and he'd stare down all the other guests.
John is in the kitchen making french toast when Sherlock comes downstairs in his dressing gown, yawning and blowing his silver-streaked fringe out of his eyes. Imi is sitting on the table, swinging her legs up and down, chatting about the different types of toppings that one might put on french toast. So far, they've ruled out pickles, mushrooms, and ham, but feel pretty positive about whipped cream, strawberries, and chocolate chips.
“Did you tell her that?”
“Come on, you. Food’s gonna be here any minute, and we need to apologize for all that yelling again.”
Sherlock crawled up to the top of the bed and stacked the pillows against the headboard, then sat back against them. “Come here. Straddle my hips.”
“Ma, I don’t know what half this stuff is. Cream of tartar? Allspice? Parchment paper?”
“Do you?”
It is dark and cold, but he has no concept that it could be anything but. He shakes, fluffs, preens, stretches. Body organized, he makes moves to see beyond his keeper, but his father will not allow them to be separated. He must brood at the elder's feet for the next one and one half lunar cycles. He protests, a squawk with little bite but plenty of attitude, and then he is nuzzled. He is not bothered by this.
“I will give them the tooth, and deliver the news about Moringa, and the resurgence of the Apologists, and I will come home to you, and we will be together. Forever.”
Although a thinly veiled ploy, as there is next to nothing on the iceberg, Cetus gratefully accepts the gesture and provides a short list of materials that he needs. He explains that some of his supplies are available in the water upon which they float.
“Shut up, Sherlock.”
“Oh, oh God, God yes, there.” John was tensing under him, straining into the pleasure of it.
John took a step back and held his chin in one hand. “Well, as much as I love the fit and style of the shirt, and as much as I’d like to keep you like this all night, I really think you might need to put on pants.”
John could tell he was a bit flustered, the stilted awkwardness returning, so he reached up and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder. “That sounds perfect. I’m famished. I could murder a plate of fettuccini. Which way?”
They watched her make her way down the driveway and pull out onto the dirt road.
“Turn around.”
"No, yet he thinks himself an expert on the matter."
Sherlock suckled on John’s lower lip and teased it with his tongue. “I’d like to try what you did to me. I’d like to practice that, to get good at it. In short, I’d like to perform fellatio on you, John.”
, I’m gonna – yes, yes,
“Yes. A date. We have a date.” He didn’t look away from John, and John didn’t look away from him.
“Oh, my gods, you really do. You're halfway there now.”
peaked nipple
John licked across Sherlock’s collarbone and nibbled up the length of his neck. When he got to his ear he reached up and said, “You say ‘thank you,’ and then you give me a blow job.”
“How can she raise money for starving children in Africa and treat her own son this way? She needs to be shown how ridiculous she's being. Sherlock, you haven’t even seen her since you’ve been back?”
They're still kissing when Erebus makes his way back for that day’s afternoon session. “Ah, young love. It does a heart good, boys.”
swipe
“I mean, I know we’re going home for the winter break in a couple of weeks, so we won’t actually be here for Christmas,” John continued, “but I figured we should decorate and enjoy the run up, right?”
“Oh, God,” John said.
Sherlock and John wandered out of the Art Institute with the rest of the last minute stragglers, John with a few postcards tucked into a flat paper bag, Sherlock with Robert Shaw’s
Sherlock watched John slip his thumbs under the waistband of his boxer briefs, and Sherlock's vision started to blur. He burst to the surface just as John lifted his left leg and yanked his underwear over his ankle, and threw those down, too.
, and your
“Would that be such a bad thing?”
“Good, because I’d really, really like it if you did that.” John lifted up a bit more, putting a few inches of space between them, and as Sherlock slid his fingers underneath him, John reached back with both hands and spread his cheeks apart. Sherlock’s body shuddered with arousal, because that might’ve been one of the sexiest things he’d seen John do to date. He tried to remember to keep stroking John as he led with his middle finger, sliding until he felt the tight pucker under his fingertip.
“Think of Erebus and Selvic, Sherlock. Think of what they went through. We can’t let them down now, my love. They made most of the journey for us, and now we’ll finish it for them, yes? Sherlock, look at me.”
Sherlock scooped out some of the ointment with his fingers and rubbed it between his hands. It warmed quickly, turning pliable and slick. Sherlock started as John had, working on his neck and shoulders.
“It’s the least I could do to say thank you for helping Molly out.” Sherlock was watching him and, God, the way those eyes bored into him, John felt his whole body flush with heat in response. “In fact, I don’t know if you’re busy this weekend, but I’d like to take you to dinner. My treat.”
“People are idiots,” John Watson responded.
“Ssh. I’ve got you.” He felt John’s hands on his hips, steadying him, felt John’s mouth on his lower back, down the strap of the g-string, down, down, until it was where Sherlock wanted it, teasing him through the wet material, his tongue close but never actually reaching. Sherlock wriggled and squirmed as if that would make the g-string loosen or shift, but it stayed where it was, wedged in tight.
"We are not all back from Cassiopeia, yet."
“What’s not to like?” Sherlock said, then grimaced as his softening penis slid unceremoniously out of John with an unspeakably rude sound. The cool air was most unwelcome after such delicious heat.
John took Sherlock’s chin in his hand and planted a soft kiss on his lips. Sherlock answered with a nose rub, then wrapped his arms around John and hugged him close, chest to chest, hips to hips. John settled his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, and his arms around his waist, and Sherlock exhaled, and squeezed harder.
“Anahera, let’s not waste time on small talk. Let’s review, shall we? You told Tui that you were coming to find us, that you had a brilliant idea to help us get an egg. We were on our way to find you at the same time, and we searched all day. You disappeared. You have been gone, and our hearts have been breaking, for more than half a moon. Half a moon, Anahera.
“There, now that should keep you going for a wee while. Just let Alice here know if you need anything else, and don’t leave without saying goodbye.”
"Jason? Hold on one moment." Sherlock held the phone away and hissed at John. "What on earth are you ... ow! For the love of ... what ..."
Sherlock suggests she has shoved it where neither sun, nor moonlight, can shine. Mycroft refuses to participate in that particular conversation.
John swallows and raises invisible eyebrows at Sherlock. Sherlock lifts his chin in answer and says, “Tahu-John saved you. He skipped stones and ice at the skua, and hit it. Three times. Perfect throws. From very far away. He saved your lives. We are all very, very lucky that he was here. And I am very, very sorry that I was not closer.”
This time Siger laughs, although Sherlock is not sure why this is funny.
This time away differs from the first journey, when Sherlock had battled fears about another peng stealing his love. Sherlock has no such insecurities now. The unknowns that plagued him ‒ will John wait, will they be free to choose each other, will the High Council understand ‒ are remnants of bygones. In a way, this peace of mind is as much a curse, because Sherlock knows what he has left behind. He knows the strength of a bond witnessed by all, and the security found in a call heard only by him.
Sherlock wastes no time flipping them over and using his knees to spread John’s legs open. “I do beg to differ, John. I predict you’ll be the one moaning like a whore in church by the time I’m done with you."
___ Urethral sounding
“Oh, Sherlock,” Anahera laughs. “I am in no way offended. You would have trusted me with your Johnling, and I do thank you for that.”
“For what?”
John takes a tiny step forward. “Oh, I remember. Of course I remember.”
He frowned at the phone’s screen, but answered the call. “Greg?” He mostly listened, every once in a while interjecting a quiet, “Mmhmm.” Toward the end of the call he said, “If she could, that would be great.” He was silent for another minute, thanked Greg, and hung up.
“Oh! Oh God, ohhh
“Mike is a friend, someone I studied with at Bart’s Hospital before I went to Afghanistan. I ran into him in the park when I got back and we had coffee. He’s actually the one who helped me get going with the Programme application. I wasn’t going to do it but he was quite encouraging and helpful. James Sholto was my commanding officer. We were quite close for a while. I’ll text you their names and addresses right now.”
“Oh, God,” John sighed. “You’re going to kill me.”
. Do not bow to me, boys. Please.”
The summer passes in a series of training sessions, practicums, and assorted group activities. There are so few emperors on Cassiopeia now, and they are reliant on each other for so much. They hunt and eat together, and huddle together at night. They learn together, and teach each other. Sherlock finds himself challenged in many new ways, and the time goes fast, but he never stops wishing for more time alone with John.
“So you’ve said, a thousand times before.”
Watson took Sherlock’s backpack out of his other hand, and let it drop to the floor. He took a step closer, and Sherlock took a step back. He felt a padlock dig into his left kidney.
Without taking his eyes from Sherlock, John folded the note lengthwise, and held it over the candle. Once it was sufficiently on fire, and had drawn the attention of half the restaurant, he plunged it into his water glass.
, and this is what I get. Do nothing, lose everything, yeah? I wonder then, what would happen if I
“I will, John. As fast as I can. I will be single-minded in my efforts to arrive there as quickly as possible, impart the necessary information, and return home.”
(See the end of the chapter for
one, two, three, four, five
This may be the most captivating element of John's impending fledge. It's not unusual for an emperor's lower mandible stripes to turn orange, or even pink, but this light lavender colour is rare, and Sherlock is fascinated by it.
___ Irrumatio
“Oh, for the love of God, look at it!”
“You do not look like a French fry. Look. Look at your gorgeous skin. You’re like cream. You're smooth and you—it’s like—it’s like you glow, Sherlock. And look at your shoulders. They’re broad—”
“John, the clarinet has one of the largest ranges of pitch of all musical instruments, and you just managed to botch each and every one!”
“Oh.” Sherlock's body has started to do some very interesting things during the course of their conversation. He's hot, and breathing heavily, and his tongue feels thick in his bill. His feathers feel like they're lifting and resettling, over and over again, in small, imperceptible movements. Something inside him feels swollen and tight at the same time, and there's a throbbing sensation in his lower belly.
Lovely John, so desperate for it, trying so hard to be considerate, to warn Sherlock off, to respect the sensibilities he’d had when they’d first become physically intimate. Sherlock was past all that now. Sherlock had very few hesitations when it came to the more masculine aspects of John’s body, and he had none whatsoever when John’s body was begging for him the way it was right now.
“Mine?”
OH OH OH YES IMPENDING ORGASM ORGAS- ORG- OR-
Dear Sirs,
John kissed the back of his neck again. “Sure. Do you want to talk about it now or some other time?”
Sherlock’s hand was splayed over John’s chest, and he wanted very badly to tease John’s nipple. That would defeat his objective, though, which, for once, had nothing to do with having sex with his man. He ran his hand down John’s arm, instead, and encircled his wrist with his fingers.
A wave of dizziness flowed through him, surging from his belly to his chest to his throat. He breathed in and out and smoothed the sheets with flat palms. He nodded against the pillow and it came again, the perfect pressure of John’s lips sealed around him, that tight wet slip and slide.
“Yeah?” John appeared in the doorway to the bedroom, stripped down to his boxer briefs, a T-shirt to sleep in hanging from one hand.
“Truly,” Sherlock replies.
It was enough to tell Mummy, when she asked, “Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers,” but Sherlock needed to know so much more than that, and preferably the information would be accompanied by pictures of John in his uniform.
She crossed her arms in front of her chest. At the table, Harry gave them a small thumbs up.
“Are you sure?”
"How about the first time you drugged me? Baskerville."
Sherlock fought back the urge to laugh out loud. Here he was, trying to stand his ground in front of the man who had unknowingly cockblocked him the night before, while facing down a death threat, and a few feet away this diminutive girl with bright red hair was ordering him to sit down and have toast and strawberry preserves.
“Try not being rude, Irena.”
John felt a sinking sensation in his stomach. That didn’t bode well for Molly’s chances.
John nodded.
Months into their living arrangement Sherlock began, despite the odds and without awareness, to mimic the simple patterns of John's off-time. They would share a meal in front of the fire place, and watch movies that John liked. They commented on each other's books, discussed the news, and analysed past and present cases. They developed a comfortable companionship over the course of those scattered, quiet evenings, and over time Sherlock found that he was eating more regularly, falling asleep faster, and staying asleep longer. Not that he ever stopped insisting he didn't need it. That would have been a bridge too far.
John gives his feathers the slightest ruffle, and Sherlock knows that he is honoured, and touched, by Olive’s words. “Thank you, Elder Olive. I would consider it a privilege.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you, happierstill, for all you do to make this better.
John went to shake Kevin’s hand, but Kevin pulled him in for a hug, too. Kevin completely engulfed John. Sherlock was tall, but Kevin was taller, at least 6’3”, and broad shouldered. He had fair skin, like his aunt, but dark brown hair, almost black, worn short. Sherlock had noted dark hazel eyes, and a full, pink mouth that seemed to take up most of Kevin’s face when he smiled, which he was doing a lot of at the moment.
Maryle doesn’t answer. She has already moved on.
“Happy New Year, John.”
“Being a genius.”
He spent another moment debating the pros and cons of toast and marmalade over a hard-boiled egg, then made his way to the bathroom, took care of his business, and wandered into the kitchen. Mrs Hudson, his landlady, had left a small plate of scones on the table with a note that read, “Glad to see you spending some time here, Sherlock. I just happened to see you saying goodbye to your very handsome young man last night! Hope to meet him, too! Mrs H.”
“Hasn’t your mother given you a run down?”
of his tail swiping over the ice as he approaches sounds ominous to Sherlock. He is exhausted, and not for the first time, he wishes he and John had never seen the tooth. He wishes they were home, on Pobeda, huddled together under their own night sky, with their own constellations, and their own stories. He moves closer to John.
John got up and Sherlock listened as he made his way to the other bedroom and stuffed all his clothes into his duffel bag, and he listened as he dragged his keys off the dresser and shook them, and he listened as he made his way down the stairs, opened the door, and closed it softly behind him, singing as he went. “
“Tell me about it. The porn you’ve seen.”
into which I greedily sink my gaze
Sherlock spends the first nine days of February worrying that he doesn’t know what to do, but he knows he’s supposed to do something. He would normally not give one single whit about something so absurd, but it’s
“Hmm. I think you’ll be just fine.”
“May I ask, which of you will be responsible for her care? We must talk about her ongoing treatment.”
Sherlock’s mouth fell open.
Just like that.
John doesn't speak for far too long, but when he does, his words fill Sherlock, spill over, and flood around his feet. “Excuse me? Did you just ask if, without you, the most brilliant, intelligent, gorgeous, sexy, amazing peng in the pengstory of pengs, I'd choose to be with a dim-witted, manipulative, lying, prejudiced, backstabbing, whining, distrustful, undermining, pain in the arse peng? Because I'm pretty sure you have a higher opinion of me than that.”
“Very funny. And yeah, but all four of their opinions don't count as much as those of that priest she’s been talking to.”
And now here Sherlock was, licking circles around his boyfriend’s asshole, finding that he liked it much more than he thought he would, because John’s breathing told him he was already falling to pieces, and Sherlock hadn't really even done anything yet.
object of revenge, sworn enemy, target of revenge
“Let me guess,” Sherlock said with a growing smile. “You think she’s wasted here cleaning house and doing odd jobs. Well, you’re right. She is. She’ll be back at ten tomorrow morning and you can come back and offer her a job then.”
Sherlock hugs Erebus for a long time.
Sherlock leans down and kisses him on the forehead, then pulls back and says, “Never fear, John, I fully intend on being in my own bed tonight. I might need help with these barrettes, too.”
Sherlock didn't think it was a very patient expression.
Checking for phones, key cards, and cash, they turned off the lights, closed the door behind them, and headed for the elevator. Another couple got in before they reached the lobby and John smiled and made room when they stepped inside. Sherlock slid over to John’s side and did something possessive with his body language, something he was only aware of by the smirk John gave him in the mirror on the opposite wall. Based on the way the two men were standing, he didn’t need to worry. He placed them in their mid-twenties, committed, but coming off a bad argument.
This all happened in the comments section of
Undo?
“What’s that?”
“Dorothy! For the love of God, what’s burning?”
I hope John Watson will not think he has injured me as I did make an alarmingly loud moaning sound just then
The sun is throwing her first rays over the surface of the sea. Soon, she will use those rays to pull herself up and over the horizon, and she will chase away the moon, and the prism of magic light in this ice cave will disappear. He feels desperate to be back with John now, to tell him that he’s given it all a great deal of thought, and that he has decided absolutely nothing, because there is nothing to decide, because they already have each other.
“Me neither. But now I feel like I let them go a little more, in a good way. Except that I didn’t know I’d been holding on. They wouldn’t want me stuck here, surrounded by all the stuff of my ten-year-old life, you know?”
each curve
Tea steeping, he arranges his long arms and legs on the sofa, folds his hands into his lap, and waits. He looks at John, gives him his full attention. No matter what it is, even after all this time, these years living separately, Sherlock will listen. He will help. He will uphold that long ago made vow. There’s not much of Sherlock’s heart left to give, as protecting John, and his happiness, has cost far more than he ever thought he had to give.
“1:12 and 28° with a windchill of ten. How could you tell?”
✓ visit hudders
“What makes you think I’m
1. (noun) freedom, liberty
John chuckled. “My husband finds death threats fascinating.”
The light shifts as the sun moves, and the parade of colours begins a slow sweep over the colony. Pengs watch as their toes and legs and bellies and chests are bathed in the jewel tones of pink anthias and sunsets and algae and blood. They reach out and touch each other, wide-eyed.
“Sherlock, what do you remember about that night?”
Should I age to one hundred years upon this magnificent earth, I shall never forget a most cherished image, seared as it is into my memory. I see it now, as it happened then. It took place on my passage from England, during those long weeks at sea.
He didn’t find out that night, but he did learn that slow and sleepy sex with John in the middle of the night took him to another world, to a place in which he moved under water, but could still feel the full weight of John’s adoration on him; one in which John made small, breathy sounds that sounded exactly like whispered love poems. In this dark and quiet place, cocooned under blankets and lingering dreams, they clung to each other, eyes closed, mouths brushing, right through the very end, and then they stayed right where they were, and fell back asleep.
“Yes. And also, there are no more blueberry pancakes.”
Sherlock moved out of the way as John finagled the tree into their apartment and through to the living room. “Can you get that bag in the hallway? It’s a tree stand.”
“The balance of probability is quite high, yes, and I’d be disappointed with anything less.”
John tells him of news on the berg, of shifting council dynamics, of his work with Cetus. John doesn’t cling, and Sherlock can’t linger. The sun gives fair warning, and Sherlock retreats back to dreamless sleep, and then to wakefulness. He carries these slumber-sodden encounters with him through the day, and sometimes forgets that they are not real.
“Oh yeah, it’s gonna happen, it’s gonna be so good. Not right now, though, yeah? ‘Cause right now you’re gonna come from this, aren’t you? I don’t even have to touch your cock, do I? I could. I could suck it down my throat, or pump it in my fist, or –”
John lifts his foot and taps out the code for
“Sherlock, my dear
John rubs his bill over Sherlock's shoulder, and holds him just as tight. “Can you imagine, love? We might be parents soon.”
John shakes his head, confused, so Sherlock continues. "His feathers have only been groomed in the front, where he can reach. He has a small injury on his left leg that is not being tended to properly. Look, there, at the side of his neck. Those feathers should be slick and shining from where a mate would rub hugs, but his are dull and ruffled. It's been at least two full moons. See?"
“Oh. I didn’t realise you were awake.”
Sherlock feels the first egg begin to slip. He spins solutions as fast as he can, seeking some magical movement that will save that egg, and all the others that are about to follow its certain path to the ice.
“John?”
“Pretty sure that’s not possible.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He is correct.” Erebus pauses to bow, just the slightest nod of acknowledgment, at Sherlock, then continues.
Sherlock helped him dump everything from the back seat into the trunk, and then they climbed in, Sherlock scrambling to lie back on the seat, John coming in on top of him. There was no talk this time, no lead up, just the leaning up and bending down that resulted in their mouths meeting, those recent confessions lending confidence to an already heated endeavor.
comes to rest on that lip
, because she’s my
Erebus looks past Sherlock, past Pobeda, past the here and now.
Here's an
“I do, I swear, I do, I love them. Please stop.” Sherlock had tears streaming down his face, and his eyes were wide open, his chest heaving.
“I am, actually. And I’m about to have a lot more fun.”
“Fascinating.”
I refer to in this chapter. If you are not reading Dan Savage, you should be.
Now, he is free, and for the first time he becomes aware of the self that exists outside his mind. It is weak, unsteady, clumsy. He finds this objectionable, but then his annoyance is replaced with indignation, because something is touching him now, and why?
They all sat there and looked at each other, and then Mrs. Watson went to answer the front door. Sherlock could hear the two women greeting each other, and Mrs. Watson offering to take Sarah’s coat, then the click clack of high heels on the hardwood floor. Heels. She must be wearing a skirt. Fancy. He smoothed down his suit pants over his thighs and straightened his tie. Across the room John shot him a look full of apology.
They reach for each other, and John kisses him, a proper kiss, a welcome home kiss. John’s bill is parted, and he strokes it along the length of Sherlock’s bill, across his cheek and down his neck, over his shoulder and chest. John touches him and touches him, and Sherlock spreads his wings and lets John explore his body, and learn its new curves and hollows and strengths.
John smiles and leans toward Sherlock, holds his chin in one hand, and says, “I keep telling you, love, I wasn't going anywhere. Not without you.”
John nodded.
Sherlock poked at his food while Mummy scanned what she could see of him above the surface of the table, her critical glare missing not one thing. “You look so good, Sherlock, so healthy. You're sleeping almost regularly, and eating, aren't you?”
“Yeah, I’ve been there. Great place. There are lots of restaurants around there, too, and some good bars.”
John stood up and grinned when Sherlock entered the parlour, then gave him a quick look-over and grinned even more. “Working in the lab?” he asked.
He didn’t think anything would go horribly wrong, but there was always something, wasn’t there? he thought as they left the police station.
Sherlock started on his own buttons, stalling to a stop as he watched John undo his tie and shirt.
Sherlock let go of John’s hands and took hold of his hips, helping him move as Sherlock thrust in, over and over again. He turned his thoughts toward finding the best angle, pace, and depth for John, never realising that he had no other thoughts at all, nothing intrusive, nothing out of the moment, nothing strange or odd or weird threatening to burst out of his mouth.
“I’m going to work the other side, too. You could be overcompensating with the uninjured side when the damaged side hurts.”
"Just Pāpā."
‒ score of 5,060 pounds-force on the Janka hardness test.”
“No, sir. The first rock knocked her to the ice. The second rock knocked her down when she got up again. I believe the third rock killed her. Please understand, I would have been content to simply scare her away. It was not my intention to kill her, but she kept getting up, and moving toward our chicks.”
The space between them is infused with light touches, long glances, spilled endearments. The anticipation of more intimate moments to come is heady, invigorating. Sherlock's tongue always loosens a bit with wine, and in between indifferent nibbles of his meal he charms and flirts and flatters, and it doesn't matter that John has heard all this before, he lets himself be courted as if he were a much younger man, and he flirts back, saying things that sound risky despite the fact that they have been together forever and have said everything there is to say, all the words sincere and tender and rousing and lewd.
But humans didn’t change the way stars did. No red giants and white dwarfs, not here. John was a constant, steadfast in his ability to stabilise Sherlock, the more nebulous element in their relationship. Through everything, the tenuous beginning of their courtship, Sherlock’s hesitancy to be touched, the progression through the wedding garments, John had been patient, respectful, kind.
They sat there and stared at each other, and sooner than should’ve been possible, Paul was back with their cocktails. John shook his head half a centimeter, side to side.
“Me, too. And I really do hope they’ll come visit us this summer. Can you imagine how thrilled Mrs. Hudson would be?”
They grinned at each other, then Sherlock turned and put his hand on John’s arm. “Do you remember John Watson?”
“Who is it?”
, but when he finds him, John seems equally unsettled. Sherlock approaches him, and wonders why his John is standing alone, staring at the ice, muttering to himself.
, and’ – oh!”
Some years the Watsons' cousins would join them, but this year it was just the six of them. Harry sat cross-legged on the floor near the coffee table, Mr. Watson in his Lazy Boy recliner, and Mrs. Hudson perched on the edge of the loveseat with a half-full glass of wine on her knee. Mrs. Watson flitted back and forth between the living room and the kitchen, finally settling down on a straight-backed chair she dragged over from the dining room table. Harry yelled at her to for God’s sake sit somewhere more comfortable, but she said she preferred being close to the kitchen in case anyone needed anything.
“It's a … oh,
He put the phone back and laid his arm over Sherlock’s.
Sherlock shot one eye open. What had John just said?
“Ow!”
“Wait, what was that last thing you said, about the albatross?”
“Why are you a bat?”
1. (noun) southern skua, brown skua, Antarctic skua, a very large chocolate-brown seabird with white flashes on the wings
“Next stage? There is no next stage, not until the High Council speaks on the matter. Then
Thank you, happierstill, for the beta, and for the mm love! This, ladies and gentlemen, in case you haven't seen us flailing on Tumblr, is Miles McMillan, and my sometimes-inspiration for young Sherlock.
Sheridan Road swung to the east again, and for a short stretch they found themselves bordered by the lake on one side, and a vast Victorian graveyard on the other. After curving around the graveyard, they made another left turn, and Evanston was behind them. They were in Chicago.
"Ah. Yes. And you are waiting." It is not a question. "Sherlock, have you noticed that everyone else is waiting, too?"
John’s eyebrows shot up, along with the corner of his mouth. “You have?” He dropped the towel from his shoulders to the floor.
“I am beginning to wonder if I am pertinent to this process at all,” Siger quips, but his voice is filled with affection. “I am not opposed to this recommendation. Shall we ask Lestra if he would be willing?”
represents peace for the whole. And that’s what we need, if we are to love who we want to love, and not be condemned for it. So I’m going to find it, and bring it back.”
___ Hickeys
“You’re splitting hairs.”
He’d almost forgotten his finger. He slid it in slowly, stopping when he knew he was close to John’s prostate. He wanted John to have plenty of warning, because an aggressive attack on one’s prostate might be more alarming than arousing. John slid down fractionally on the bed, lowering himself onto Sherlock’s finger. Sherlock took that as a sign to continue.
‒ Godliness.”
James laid his napkin on his lap and leaned forward.
Oh well that is very interesting considering the male nipple is a vestige of the embryonic stage and serves the male of the species no real purpose holy GOD what YES upon further study the purpose appears to be primarily one of pleasure what is he OH that is rather YES stimulating
“Of course.” He turned back to the guest, who was staring despondently into his Riesling. “Brad, seriously, I don’t think he’s going to call. I’d move on. Really. You can do better.”
“I love it when you laugh like that. Your cheeks scrunch up and you get all these double chins, and your eyes go squinty.”
“So he, oh, that’s nice, he made up a fake bio to attract James?”
This is not the epiphanic lovefest moment Sherlock was hoping for. John most definitely owes him an epiphanic lovefest moment. They walk down to the landing shore, which is deserted this early in the morning, and have a bit of a staring contest. John is tapping his foot on the ice, waiting for Sherlock to explain himself, so Sherlock takes a deep breath, and begins.
Sherlock opened his mouth to deny it, but John got there first. “Oh my god, you are! Are you nuts?”
“Do they? I don’t know. I could spend the rest of my life with just John. Although I must admit, having friends, certain friends, like you and Tui, is surprisingly satisfying.”
“Because she died!”
“No, I know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say, how many people find their true love and then screw it up, right? You’re not going to screw it up. Are you planning on cheating on me?”
John leaned against the brick wall and scrolled through Snapchat, waiting for Sherlock to arrive. He’d seen Molly home and then dropped by his flat to wait until their appointed meet up time, but he’d been too keyed up to actually study. The Percolate text thread was buzzing with speculation, and while John stayed quiet for Molly’s sake, he couldn’t help but read them all and mentally respond to each in his head. Most, to his relief, were on Molly’s side and outraged on her behalf.
Sherlock went a bit mute then, but nodded and stepped closer into the circle of John's arms. Standing stone still while staring at each other's lips was part of no choreographed dance routine that Sherlock had ever seen, but John seemed to know this particular move quite well, so Sherlock let himself be led. He studied John's long lashes and their slow sweeping arcs, and the tip of his tongue as it darted out to wet his lower lip, and the way his Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's mouth as he moved closer, and Sherlock kept his fixed on John's as he leaned down and tilted his head.
Kevin pressed his fist to his mouth and tried not to laugh, while Greg failed to close his dropped jaw and jabbed his fork at Kevin. “I told you! I told you the walls weren't as soundproof as you thought they were!”
Sherlock?”
“Let me—let me—” Out of words, Sherlock tugged John higher and thrust up, watching as John's ass slapped against Sherlock's thighs, staring at his cock as it disappeared into John's body.
“Complicated?”
Dinner is "always an experience" at this Loop French perched on the 40th floor of the Chicago Stock Exchange, where "exceptional nighttime views of the city" are bested only by chef Jean Joho's "beautifully presented" Alsatian tasting menus; "attentive" service and "elegant" surrounds complete the "special-occasion" picture (as do "expensive" tabs).
John raised his arm over his head and smirked.
John stares at Sherlock's lips, lips that are almost always frowning or smirking or sneering. Right now they're asking. John answers, bumps his nose against Sherlock's as he tilts his head and brushes their mouths together. Salt. Sherlock doesn't move, doesn't kiss back, but the arm around his waist tightens and one leg slots between his thighs.
He slipped his hands under the band of John's pyjama bottoms, tracing the curve of his lower back again and again, until he worked up the nerve to reach further and introduce himself to the swell of John's buttocks, and holy god, that really was the promised land, right there, cupped in his hands, firm and smooth and round.
"But Bee, what happened there with the names?"
“A bad one.”
“You ready?” he mumbled, crumbs flying.
“And that’s on you, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked. “You could lose your job over this.”
Sherlock and John hovered in the small bar space and eyed the competing parties who’d been given the same advice. The others had been waiting longer, but thanks to Sherlock’s observation skills, he and John managed to snag the next available spot. Everyone else was huddled behind a couple with empty plates and glasses in front of them, but Sherlock hedged their bets and stood behind another couple who was nowhere close to finishing their meal, but seemed close to ending their relationship. Sure enough, after hissing out an insult and draining the last of her drink, the woman scraped back her bar stool, grabbed her purse and fake sable mink coat, and stormed out of Maude’s.
— Не знаю, — божился хозяин, — не видел.
— Значит, Тойши не собирается возвращаться?
— Ты что делал? — проникновенно спросил Дайсуке, начиная обмывать ссадины.
Да, Джо знала, как себя подать в различных ситуациях, но учитывая, что они ехали в замок читать старые летописи, Джо предпочла надеть черные джинсы, клетчатую рубашку, черно-белые кроссовки Адидас и короткую ветровку черно-желто-белого цвета. Шерлок был в черных джинсах, слегка потрепанной фиолетовой рубашке, в синей куртке и синих же кроссовках.
— Ну что, внучка, присаживайся, поговорим.
— Так это САХАР! — возмущался Шерлок.
— Мне кажется, что дядюшка Вонг имеет в этом деле интерес. Если мы и пойдем в Чайна-таун, то своими силами будем искать этого товарища.
— Госпожа принимает солнечные ванны в саду, — сообщила девушка.
- I know that,  -Daisuke took a quick glance at his companion, -  but it uses both the FBI and the CIA, and the government of many countries...
— Да мне как-то неохота, — Мик рулил, не обращая внимания ни на что.
- Now clear.
— И что ты мне поведаешь о наших трупах? — спросил Макс
Приехали патологоанатомы, забрали оба мешка, посетовали на дождь и уехали. А Мик и Макс вернулись в машину.
Мик и Макс переглянулись. Потом Мик сказал:
— Гляжу, тут народу добавилось, — фыркнул Мик.
— Слушай, а у меня есть предложение, — Мик поднялся на ноги и посмотрел на Дайсуке, — переходи с той стороны на эту. Я тебе обеспечу удостоверение, и будешь работать частным сыщиком.
— No. I WANT to work with Mick!  - startled Max said is true, - really want. Only now its methods. They are embarrassing me a little.
Silver-blue light struck the center of the stone, splashed in a spiral and disappeared into the depths.
- A rich girl...  - smiled Max, -  and what she wanted to do?
- But what do you say... BU-BU-BU-BU
-  I think they etched this meat and in search of someone who could ease their suffering, or has died under a fence or...
— Так почему он все еще выжидает?
- No problem, - the guys got up and walked over to the nervous type. Came and hooked. Type gazed at them.
- For any of the maiden stuff?
— Зашевелились, — сказал Мик, когда лейтенант ушел из эфира.
Пока скелет отмокал в горячей ванне, Дайсуке поменял постельное белье и уложил вымытый скелетик в чистую кровать. Потом сел рядом и стал проникновенно вещать:
- And how did he fare? Found enlightenment?
— Не знаю, — ответил Мик, — возможно, это связано с тем, что на местах преступления не было крови.Роджер?! — позвал он большого рыжего монстра.
Got into the apartment. It was quiet. The boys slowly advanced. The apartment was one bedroom. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, pantry and bathroom + large balcony. Jamuel`s, was not in the living room nor the bedroom. Found it next to the toilet. The entire floor of the toilet was stained a yellowish puddles of vomit. The master was lying with his head in the toilet.
Daisuke put a few notes under his unfinished Cup, and they left the bar, slamming the front door.
— Veniunt daemones et daemonia, et confirma propositum! Etiam nec mea concubitu cum hoc semen Consilium genus! Fiat tua benedictione, et in nostris puer! Etiam sit reborn in aeternum et in plena vi triumphantes in cordibus nostris, et cogitationes — Adolf Hitler!!!** — Подхватил Гюс.
— И что ты хотел мне сказать? — Мик вырулил из гаража.
- I swear, - Max stood in front of a partner, — I swear I won't breathe a word!
- Just great,  - Mick reached for his jacket, pulled holography and laid them on the table, — can anyone here identify?
— Четыре… миллиона.
— В отчете стоит ли указывать, что ты был ранен?
Вышли в дождь, добрались до машины и поехали в Западный Лос-Анджелес в дом второго потерпевшего.
— Есть четыре варианта развития событий, — Джо крепче обняла любимого, — первый. Мик гибнет. После его гибели происходит некий хаос, потом наступает конец света. Затем все спасаются, ценой гибели двух миллиардов человек. Второй. Мик гибнет, но гибнет не зря. Своей смертью он спасает всю вселенную и каждого, кто в ней живет. Третий. Мик остается жить, но он не спасет никого из тех, кто ему дорог. Он уходит из полиции, начинает скатываться в глубины своего собственного ада. Четвертый. Мик жив, все, кто ему дорог — тоже, но вселенной нет. Мир умер. Мик счастлив, но горечь от утраты тех, кого он не смог спасти, отравляет его существование. И он… сходит с ума.
— К дядюшке Вонгу?
— И насколько мы тут? — спросил Дайсуке.
- My uncle was... fat, no, he was a full-blooded and cube... reacted to him... weird.
— Доброго дня, Джамал! Нам бы расслабиться, — Мик достал кредитную карту и положил на стойку.
— Почему? — удивился Макс.
— Ладно, поверю тебе на слово, — Макс вытянулся на сидении и захрапел. Мик шепотом дал указания джипу и тоже вскоре засопел.
After the Hammam didn't want to think about death and not about the skeletons, but work is work, so the guys moved on. The way they lay to the editor LA Times, namely the Georgina Scott.
— Не бойся, — Роджер яростно ухмыльнулся, — Все хорошо будет. Со мной. За них…
— No, but those who sat at the next table?
— Много чего, — ответил ему Макс, — на улицах про товар не говорят…
Creaking when Max reached a crescendo, Mick turned the car to the curb, stopped and got out in the rain, in what was — black leather jacket, black jeans, black ankle boots. Max shut up now and silently looked at how Mick runs along the machine and rests on the front bumper. And then from somewhere appeared a voice, slightly hoarse, but very angry:
Туристы подошли и остановились рядом.
— Ты тоже можешь лечь, — Мик нажал кнопку, и оба сидения легли горизонтально, — укладывайся, джип покараулит и сообщит, если что-то будет подозрительное.
- Again trade in smuggling?
Серебристо-синий свет ударил в центр камня, расплескался и по спирали исчез в глубине.
А у Джека Скотта дела шли из рук вон плохо. Саманта Джобс не проявляла никаких подозрительных эмоций. В конце рабочего дня она села в свою машину и поехала домой. Джек отправился за ней. Через два квартала она вдруг резко свернула налево, добавила скорость и через час оказалась у караоке-ресторана «Огни Малибу». Припарковалась, вышла, перемолвилась словами с охраной, и они её впустили вне очереди.
— Не думаю, что такие серьезные люди пошли бы мараться из-за пары тысчонок…
— Это, — лейтенант нахмурился, — нет, не помню. А кто это?
— А с каких пор ты вдруг озаботился денежной наградой киллеров? — Мик посмотрел на приятеля и улыбнулся, — или хочешь составить им компанию?
- Something from the products you have left?
— Счастливо оставаться, ребята! — попрощался он с Карлом и Джерри.
— Сияющая Галактика! — Гала вытащила из воздуха галактический бумеранг и запустила его в основание столба. После чего тоже обзавелась крыльями и присоединилась к подруге. Мик посмотрел на это, хмыкнул и выпустил крылья. Единственное, что отличало от остальных так то, что эта процедура у него сопровождалась болью. Но как только крылья заполоскались в воздухе, Мик взлетел и одним ударом разворотил весь дом к чертовой матери. В оставшуюся воронку он налил воды и засадил берега деревьями. Джо состарила весь пруд, и, сочтя миссию выполненной, улетела вместе с Галой. А Мик спланировал на землю и отправился до своего напарника.
— Детектив, — поправил его Мик.
- Sorry, mate...
- Well, - he put the mugs in front of their guests,- as success?
— А у Снупи были особые приметы?
— Free is good.
— Нет-нет, — Макс встревожено посмотрел на напарника, — мне нравится. Все устраивает. Неважно, что происходит с нашими делами. Просто я, понимаешь, чувствую ответственность за тебя, и… благодарность к тебе…
— И? — Мик поднес левую руку к замку, что-то щелкнуло, и дверь отворилась.
- Hit last year, - snorted Max, - performer - Liberia. And who and where nobody knows!
Mick couldn't see, then said with displeasure:
- Stone call, I guess, — Joe, not quite touching, staring at the little circle, — and very much evil. One I can handle. You, Mick, can I thank for the invaluable help.
— А твое желание не продиктовано очередной красоткой?
Joe showed up in the office of chief editor, where boys were not allowed, but the noise from there came to the rest room.
— Здорово, — восхитился Шерлок.
— Нет. Но мастер Джи мне говорил, что пьяный стиль у меня лучше получается, особенно, когда я на грани. И еще меня обучили секретным техникам стиля Падающей воды.
— No, Daisuke no money and such. But these flights are for the rich is about how much time?
— И что делать?
The restaurant owner crawled backwards and disappeared into the hallway.
— Скрипеть больше не будешь?
- On the factory of the Chang brothers were?
— Я уверена, что прогулка тебе понравиться, — пропела она сладким голосом, — я тебе покажу дольмены на холмах и древнее капище.
— Счастливого пути.
- Not yet, - Carl pushed Mick`s  a box of doughnuts, -  help yourself.
— Мои люди перестреляют вас! — выкрикнул Харуха.
-  Room, or rather the door was bricked up. And in the room — a pretty woman of about forty, male, thirty and two children — three and two and a half. A boy and a girl. Woman sitting in a chair, in a lap — book, children play with toys. The man on the carpet, busy with the children. The idyll. But only one thing — they were all DEAD!
- Okay, - went back on their word Max,- but if help is needed, I'll be happy to help.
Mick looked in the mirror at his sleepy face, sighed, and began to brush his teeth. Then he shaved he apaloosa and wandered into the kitchen. The kitchen was on the first floor, and they slept on the second. In the fridge were a lot of things. Food supplies remained all the way from the wedding, and the wedding took place at Christmas, 25 December.
Nights Miami
— На затылке большая рваная рана, наполовину зажившая, наполовину загноившая, — Обу промыл рану, вычистил, засыпал антисептиком,
— Are you hurt?
— Ясно.
— But it is very interesting to me to know, -  Mick looked at the black dent on the pavement, — curious.
— Давай сюда закажем, — вздохнул Мик, — я просто побаиваюсь…
Сквозь дождливый темный вечер джип уверено пер вперед. Струи дождя хлестали по капоту, били в лобовое стекло, разбрызгивались из-под колес.
— Хорошо, дедушка, — Снежана кивнула, — а что вы скажите про эту вещь? — она сняла рюкзак и вытащила медальон.
— Listen, and why you refused the hospital? — asked Max.
Мик пожал плечами и пошел на веранду.
— Они живы, просто они теперь на улице сидят. Когда они доедят, то поймут, что случилось…
— Да.
— Полагаю, что мне нужно сообщить кэберовцам…
— Second-where? — Max asked, finishing associate spitting and yelling in Chinese.
Тот кивнул, посмотрел на Дайсуке, тот ушел. Но вскоре вернулся с бритвой и пеной. Макс побрил Мика. И Обу вправил Мику челюсть.
— Нет, у Дайсуке денег таких нет. А эти рейсы, для богатых, сколько примерно по времени?
— Вы же знаете прекрасно! — голос Джо был крепок, — моя информация самая правдивая!
The window rain against outside. Garden sadly hung all the leaves. January 2056 could be better was bored although the third of. For example, in the morning shone the sun. But for three days it was raining, which resembles the longing and melancholy.
— И что дальше? — Шерлок подошел к окну, распахнул его и повернулся к Джо.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
— О чем Мик только что говорил? — Макс обернулся к Дайсуке и увидел выражение его глаз.
— Ну, как поездка Снежаны? — спросил Макс, когда они выходили из очередного ломбарда.
— Но это нужно, — пересекал его попытки Джон, — не пробуй этот порошок. Ты не знаешь, как он среагирует.
— No! — Max zapoloshnye jumped to his feet, -  I will not let... this happen!
А новый день ознаменовался гибелью Джока в больнице. Ему кто-то ввел яд, и бедняга умер. Это была первая ласточка. Второй ласточкой оказался взрыв машины Саманты Джобс. Но адская машинка сработала не вовремя, владелицы не оказалось в машине. Видя такое дело, Джек напрямую арестовал Саманту и привез её под крылышко Роджера. После трех часов допроса она призналась во всем. Джек был в шоке, но главную вещь она не сказала. Она не сказала имя главного и не смогла внятно объяснить, зачем им пришлось убирать Мика.
- Who called? - descended from above Snezhana in a luxurious nightie of black lace with red Brussels lace at the hem.
- You as usual?
- Bert. Bertrand Dombrowski, - said the guy.
— То-то же, — Дайсуке потянулся, — сейчас я позвоню хорошему человеку и посмотрю, что я могу еще для тебя сделать.
— Я — коп.
— Transparent sapphire cube, one meter on a meter.
- All?
— По поводу?
— Ладно. Придется искать.
- And you just keep an eye out for Mick and all.
— Что теперь? — спросил Макс.
— Но шансов у него нет, — возразил Джек, — нам надо найти его быстро.
Суп ушел быстрее.
- I will protect you at close distance - Daisuke pulled back the sleeve, and in the light of a lantern flashed gray metal bracelet, - and the bracelet that you gave me, will help me in this.
— Не суетись, — Мик посмотрел по сторонам и заключил, что хозяин, видимо, в ресторане, — пошли, давай.
— Он желает тебя убить, — буркнул Дайсуке.
And here  cell phone. Mick took it.
— Ладно.
— Мик! Иди сюда! — позвал Макс.
- Okay. One bullet in the left shoulder. Shot in the back. The second - in the right side, from the other side of the street or from the car.
— Let's try, — Mick smiled at the Lieutenant,-  if that is all in the report.
- Thank you.
На Голливудском бульваре было людно. Ресторан «Solitaire lʼamour» был открыт. Его большие двустворчатые стеклянные двери были широко распахнуты. За большими окнами стояли столики в белоснежных скатертях. За ними сидели люди. Они пили, и ели, и разговаривали. Чуть левее дверей ресторана была припаркована шикарная спортивная машина. Мик припарковал джип на другой стороне улицы. Они вышли и пошли на противоположную сторону.
Ближе к десяти подъехала машина главного, а потом и Джек появился. Машины стояли рядом, в метрах десяти друг от друга. Джек вышел и встал рядом с машиной, во второй машине помедлили, но все-таки тоже вышли.
Тип с бровями еще раз поднял одну бровь и посмотрел на Дайсуке. Тот пожал плечами.
— With Jack, — Mick chose not to notice the tension that appeared in the eyes of Max, -  detective Jack Scott. We worked with him since the patrols, until he went to the main office.
- You can spend in San Francisco, - a few days after kilometer said Mick, - I'll call this friend of mine. He's not a very close friend, and we met with him a couple times, but maybe he'll remember me.
The guys left out on the sidewalk and went in the beginning of the tube. At the intersection faced the regular bus (empty) and a truck. Special damage was the dent on the bus and cut off the front bumper of the truck. The noise was terrible. Both drivers had a bonfire each other's last words. His contribution to this noise is made – taxi driver, a patrolman, a couple of witnesses and someone's dog. People arguing, a dog barking. Max was fascinated by the events so much that he began to break through the deadlock, clearly intending to participate, too. But then all the noise briefly blocked someone powerful exhaust silencers.
Next draw a silver oval, and from it emerged two. One, in a rather frivolous pajamas — Georgina Scott, and the second with silver strands in her hair, in a dark blue robe — Gala Starr.
— Ладно, — покорно согласился Мик, выпил чай и ушел в комнату.
— Есть причина…
— Тебе надо наняться к ним и выведать про товар, — Джек посмотрел на Дайсуке внимательным взглядом.
— Да. У меня фанерных джедайских мечей нет и нет точной копии «Черной Жемчужины». А еще бы ТАРДИС найти и всякие вещи Докторов Кто, — мечтательно произнес Иванс, ставя на стол сковороду с жареной картошкой.
— Значит так. Как вы помните — бытовуха в небоскребе на Априкот. Там ничего такого сложного не было. Зять убил тещу из-за трех тысяч долларов, но это одно, а второе — на семьдесят втором этаже жила, да и теперь живет семья. И у них было четверо, потом стало пятеро детей. Четверо парнишек — десяти, двенадцати, четырнадцати и шестнадцати лет. Все бывает, скажите вы, а я вам скажу вот что, — Карл взял пончик и надкусил его. Остальные смотрели на него и ждали продолжения.
— Ты можешь провести в Сан-Франциско несколько дней, — после километра пути сказал Мик, — я позвоню одному моему приятелю. Он не очень близкий приятель, да и встречались мы с ним пару раз всего, но может он меня еще помнит.
— Негритянская мафия?
— Я работаю с теми, кто мне платит, — ответил тот, — Все утерянные ценности сейчас тихо и мирно лежат… кто — в музеях, кто — в личных коллекциях. А вам что надо? Можете конкретно сказать?
— Безрадостные перспективы, — хмыкнул Макс.
— Спасибо.
- Is for what? -  Mick sat down on the stone.
Заказ принесли быстро, и парни принялись за еду. Пища была вкусной, детективы никуда не торопились.
- Tell, please, and Mr. Francis home?
— Lieutenant, but what about the transfer case to the Prosecutor? — timidly replied Max.
- How much...
Мик повернул джип на обочину. Припарковался. Вышел из машины и стал спускаться по камням вниз. Макс последовал за ним. Они спустились до естественной терраски и, расстелив куртки на влажном песке, сели.
— Что у тебя получилось?
— Давно в бизнесе?
— … и выкидывает в океан…
— Just like Snow. Well, good luck to you, granddaughter! Maybe you manage to break the vicious circle of these misfortunes.
Она забралась на камень, села на бедра Шерлока, сжав их коленями, и вонзила нож в грудь жертвы…
— Кто это?
— Да. Но Святой Андрей и Святой Пол — это улицы в Лондоне. Значит, тебе туда и ехать.
— Мик! — прохлюпал Дайсуке, не подымая головы, — я как понял, что любое отклонение пули могло стоить твоей жизни, так и напился.
In the meantime, Snezhana was in the little antique shop, where she bought a locket. The hostess welcomed her.
— Well, now they won't kill anyone,  - encouraged the Lieutenant, -  as slowly freezing in the Federal morgue with a bullet from a M16 right between the eyes.
— Ничего. Послушай, Дайсуке, — Мик залез на подоконник с ногами, благо размеры позволяли, — сходи к Джо. Пусть она придет.
— С добрым утром, Мик.
— Твой друг… полицейский? — осведомился Дьюк Того.
— Я это чувствую, — Мик выглядел испуганным, — кто-нибудь знает, что я здесь?
— Пошли обратно, Мик, — сказал Макс, кладя руку напарнику на плечо, — тут холодно и сыро.
- And let's owners ask, - replied Mick.
Когда все познакомились, Саеко невзначай спросила:
— …я вот продам это расследование… — хлопнула дверь, и через некоторое время Джо показалась на пороге комнаты. Эта была высокая девушка двадцати трех лет с длинной косой пепельного цвета, одетая в белую блузку с отложным воротником и черные брюки. На ногах удобные черные туфли на низком каблуке.
— Я… понимаешь… имею подозрения по поводу этой встречи.
После всех процедур ребята отправились дальше. На фабрику братьев Чанг.
- No, -  admitted Max,  - I told the Lieutenant. Nick called him.
— Wǒmen bìxū gàndiào tā! Tā de xuè huì fùhuó tūnshì gǔtou! (Мы должны избавится от него! Его кровь возродит пожирателя Костей!)
— Yeah, and the car is warm and dry,  - said Mick, - and listen to your creaking above forces.
- At eight o'clock...
- Okay, - Joe smiled,  - I'll help you, if you will need some help though... in this case... you don't need it.
— И я пойду принимать душ.
— Сам понимаешь, бар — вещь ненадежная, тем более он не слишком популярен. Ты где оставил машину?
Но надо. Ладно, на следующей неделе поеду.
The cabin was quiet and warm. The boys quickly warmed up and dried out. Mick touched the wheel and the car moved on. Next stop: "Golden Dragon" restaurant Cantonese cuisine. It was located on hill street. Usually very lively China town was empty today. Mick parked the car near the entrance, and they ran under the protection of the giant Dragon statue. The statue swayed.  Can certainly holographic version to put, it would be cheaper, but the Chinese people are thorough. Mick and Max went to the restaurant. It was empty.
— Look, — agreed Mick, -  but I'll see what's up with the waitress and chef.
- Yeah. But he's free...
— Вот еще, — ответил Джек, — я останусь в ней до конца.
— В космопорт. Там, чуть дальше от основных ангаров, есть частные. И самый крайний как раз тот, что нам нужен.
— Где? — деловито спросил Шерлок.
The heat echoing of passion.
Скелет укоризненно посмотрел на него и отвернулся.
А хуже всех сложилось первое апреля у Мика. Его вызвали в ФБР, побрили, сделали кучу тату непристойного содержания, вооружили, посадили на цикл и отправили в Чикаго. Первого апреля 2056 года полицейский детектив первого класса тринадцатого участка города Лос- Анджелеса перестал существовать в природе, а вместо него появился молодой бритый наемник по имени Микаэль Ортоски. И ему предстояло войти в семью, многоуважаемого в криминальных кругах, бандита по имени Питер Брандон. Мика это не радовало. А наемнику было плевать. Ведь жизнь — это театр, а люди в нем актеры. А актеры носят маски. И Мик собирался примерить новую маску, не по своей воле, но необходимую.
— They were killed. Cruel.
— Что будем делать? — Шерлок налил чаю.
— Hey, Mick! Hey, Max! — asked  Joe, -  we came as soon as I got the message from Diana. You can congratulate you. You just closed the case on missing persons and human meat in restaurants! The article will be released in the morning.
— Да нет проблем, — ребята встали и двинулись к нервному типу. Подошли, подсели. Тип испуганно уставился на них.
— Да. Я перекачала их на кристальный диск, а потом на свои серьги, — Снежана сняла свои сережки и положила их на стол.
Расстались весьма довольные друг другом.
— Это тогда, когда мы, как придурки, по крышам скакали? — с видимым сомнением сказал Джон, — но доктор ведь сказал, что это были массовые галлюцинации…
— Я тебе закрою премию.
— Как ты? — Дайсуке искоса посмотрел на друга.
— Well. Go through the left door.
— Очуметь, Мик, — Макс подсунул Мику под нос кипу распечаток, — тридцать человек. Все от пятнадцати до двадцати, все пропали вечером. Никто ничего не видел и не слышал. Разные школы, разные колледжи. Эй, да ты меня не слушаешь?
— Как мы сможем предотвратить следующий теракт, если мы не в курсе, да еще и не на своей территории? — стал размышлять Джон.
— И она всегда так ходит? — поинтересовалось Джо, отпивая вино.
— Ты серьезно?
- I do not. I free.
- Up to eight a lot of time, - said Max,- you together with me will work.
— Мы предоставим вам.
— With whom? — Max stiffened.
- Well... thank you, — Mick smiled at Max, -  I... okay.
— Nothing special. Want to go fishing?
— Нет. Я пытаюсь найти следы Мика, а остальное… мне не нужно, и я оставляю его на вас…
- Well, let's go.
— Rúguǒ wǒmen shāle tā, jǐngfāng jiāng zuò zài wǒmen de wěiba! (If we kill him, the police will sit on us!)
— Клянусь, — Макс встал перед напарником, — клянусь, больше не вякну!
— Послезавтра приедет, — ответил Мик, сосредоточенно вертя руль и хмурясь.
— Ух, какая тачка! — изумился Макс.
- I don't, - said Mick, - take his witness and send me. While there is no one.
— К Джо мы сейчас не поедем! — Макс скорчил страшную рожу.
— Nothing.
— Нет. Оно не приведет к желаемому результату, если даже они перебьют всех в округе. То место, оно мертво. Там нет зон силы, нет зон энергий. Это просто дубовый лес.
Дайсуке ушел к себе. Сел на кровать и посмотрел в окно.
— Киллер?
— Я… — Макс хитро улыбнулся, — думаю сводить тебя во французский ресторанчик на Голливудском бульваре, согласен?
-I'll take it! - Max said, clicking on the display background,-and you talk on the cell phone.
— The fact that I'm friends with those whom you choose. And I will NOT TOLERATE jealousy from friends. I don'T WANT to have friends, NOT allowing me to meet new people. Okay?
— Вон там, — Каори махнула на маленький домик, стоящий чуть дальше от остальных, — живет тот, кто тебя заказал. У него только один охранник.
— Да, — яростно ответил Макс, — но я РАБОТАЮ с тобой!
— А почему бы и нет, — улыбнулся Мик, — она умеет водить машины, но по межгалактическим правилам, а тут она просто вспомнит.
И все застыло.
— Понятно.
— Знаешь, — доверчиво сказала Снежана, откусывая кусочек тыквенного пирога, заботливо выставленный Джо на стол, — я не могу понять одной вещи. Медальон закладывался в ломбардах много раз и никогда не выкупался. А все данные по владельцам — не просто секретные материалы, а сверхсекретные. Спасибо Фоксу и Дане. Они мне помогли достать копии всех этих документов.
— В языческой церемонии… Я пока не вижу, что они нам приготовили, но думаю, что ничего хорошего.
— Макс, подберешь меня?
— Но тебе бы пришлось туго, — закончила фразу Снежана, — а что это было, когда нас стала пожирать энергия элементов? Я помню твои крылья и сверкающий свет…
— Это хорошо, — согласился Макс, — а кто их прихлопнул? И вообще, лейтенант, надо рассказать Мику о том парне, ибо Мик — лицо заинтересованное.
— Точно.
— Я на них натравил санитарную лабораторию. Они скоро будут там, а нам просто надо осмотреть остальное.
— Я пошлю телеграмму, — уверил их Зибельрштейн, — как только мы доберемся до моего замка. Вы, конечно, думаете, что мой замок — нагромождение всяких развалин, но это не так. Он очень древний. Когда мы переезжали со Старой Земли, то мои родственники разобрали семейный замок и восстановили его здесь со всеми тайнами… а тайн было немало. Он ультрасовременен, но есть там такие места, в которые лучше не соваться. Даже я и моя сестра не ходим туда. Я уверяю вас, что я собрал достаточно материала по Обществу Туле и жажду поделиться с вами, поскольку я вижу, что вы искренне увлечены этим…
Макс обхватывает Мика и лезет ладонью под рубашку.
— Извини, родная, — Мик, наконец, нашел голос и слезы. Он не рыдал в трубку, просто слезы катились сами. Слезы радости, — как же так получилось, что ты не в самолете?
Маленькая забегаловка с гордым названием «Ma More Mia» находилась на Черч — авеню. Парни заняли столик на летней веранде и с удовольствием стали поглощать пасту, лазанью, пиццу.
— То, если обычным рейсом, надо ждать его где-то в три часа дня. Если чартер — то в два часа дня, а если на параплане — то он уже должен быть в городе. Но насколько я понял, полет продолжается.
— Но… она… же перед нами… и….
— There should be, — edifying Max said, — stop and I am starving. All the sores from the patient's stomach...
— And why should I shut up?
— Зато я умею.
— Кто-то, — Дайсуке достал сигарету, размял её и закурил, — Мик что-то видел, и это чуть не стоило ему жизни. Но, зная Мика, могу с уверенностью сказать, что как только он очнется, мы выйдем из игры.
— The poor fellow is dead. And judging by the first words of the experts before he died, he vomited half his innards.
- A large birthmark on the coccyx looks like an ink blot.
— Парни, — Джо встала и заходила по комнате, — информация невероятная и поэтому практически секретная. То, что я вам скажу, за пределы этой комнаты не должно выйти.
— Ты?! — взвизгнул Харуха, — ты же погиб! Ты ДОЛЖЕН БЫТЬ МЕРТВ!!!
— Я за рулем. Если только чай или минералку.
— Знаешь, — Джо налила себе и Шерлу чаю, — я хочу тебе одну вещь сказать.
Обу Таскэ подошел к лежащему и быстро осмотрел его.
- And if a guy hired to kill Mick`s, then I have something that I can do, Lieutenant? I even a bullet can't stop!
Допрос китайца закончился только к часу следующего дня. Лейтенант посмотрел на своих замученных детективов и велел им выметаться.
— Думаешь, расколются?
Обу, а он, несомненно, был врачом, внимательно осматривал Мика. Он начал с головы:
И под ним скрывалось легендарное оружие ушедших рас. Джо видела, как прятали его, как сверху устанавливали этот монолит, и как после прошло бесчисленное множество веков, сменилась власть, а про оружие все забыли. И расы пали под натиском враждебных сил, пришедших из темных галактик. И никто даже не вспомнил про легендарное оружие.
— Ты так просто его отпустишь? — рассердился Дайсуке.
— Комната, вернее дверь оказалась заложена кирпичами. А в комнате — миловидная женщина лет сорока, мужчина — тридцати и двое детей — трех и двух с половиной. Мальчик и девочка. Женщина сидит в кресле, на коленях — книга, дети рядом, играют в игрушки. Мужчина — на ковре, возится с детьми. Идиллия. Да только одна вещь — они все были МЕРТВЫ!
— Я не помню, — пробормотал ошарашенный Мик, — я, совершенно, его не помню….
— Ага. Такие же психи, как и я. Теперь только надо до них дозвонится.
— А ты кто? — спросил Макс.
- God knows, - said Mick, - a room of strangers, why are you awake?
— Почему?
— Он под воздействием наркотика, — Обу приподнял веко, — смотрите, радужки практически не видно, один сплошной зрачок. Когда очнется, накормите его бульоном, а потом напоите Водой. Ему нужен покой. Я не знаю, что это за наркотик. И он в него попал через рот, на руках и ногах нет следов от уколов.
Hu-Hu-Hu-haaa!
— Допустим, и что из этого?
— Хорошо. Я закрою эту тему, — пошел к выходу, обернулся и добавил, — если… придется линять отсюда, то в трехстах километрах к востоку от Лос-Анджелеса в горах живет мой приятель. У него ранчо, и… он сможет приютить нас на время…
- Woke up, it has long been cleaned up and ate... And don't ask me who. Do not know.
— Макс! Берегись! — завопил Мик, пользуясь тем, что рот они ему не заклеили.
— Для себя.
— Ну что, покинем этот дом скорби? — Мик, не дожидаясь ответа, вышел за дверь. Парни последовали за ним. Обратный путь прошел в молчании. Мик высадил Дайсуке на Голливудском бульваре, а потом повернул к участку.
Max went up to the second floor, walked to the table and saw that Mick`s yet. A bad feeling arose in his soul.
— Нет, что вы…
— Хотелось бы, — Мик улыбнулся, — да я тут читал в отчетах, что латиносы змей в пищу потребляют, а афроамериканцы на своих церемониях Вуду приносят в жертву маленьких крокодильчиков…
— Макс тебе недолюбливает, — сообщил лейтенант, — но я не против. У вас больше шансов найти ребят, если вы будете работать сообща.
- What happened? -  Carl looked up from his work. The table Carl and Jerry were next to the door, so everyone who came to the investigation Department first ran across them.
— Not at all, — the mistress was not surprised one bit.
— Я бы начал с опроса магазинчиков и кафешек на Пальм — стрит и Елм — авеню.
— You go, I'm going to cry.
Дайсуке положил несколько банкнот под недопитую чашку, и они вышли из бара, захлопнув входную дверь
Один из охранников появился рядом с Вонгом:
— Думаю, Макс.
— Лейтенант, но как же передача дела прокурору? — робко возразил Макс.
— Уже нет. Вас теперь много.
— Пока не надо, — улыбнулся Дайсуке, — это не к спеху.
— Не думаю, что это хорошая идея.
Утро было дождливое. Но к дождю прибавился ураганный ветер. Мик опять проснулся рано. Разбудило его непонятное жужжание. Мик прошелся по комнате, ничего не нашел, спустился вниз. Жужжание стало громче. Наконец Мик нашел источник непонятных звуков. Это был его мобильник. На дисплее горел значок вызова, но сам звонок уже кончился. Мобильник Мика был обычным слайдером фирмы Нокиа, только от остальных слайдеров его отличало следующее — экран был голографический, а панель набора — кнопочной. По сравнению с остальными мобильниками Нокиа, этот казался устаревшим динозавром. Но он был единственный в серии и сделан не просто Нокиа, а еще и Тошиба. Совместное так сказать предприятие для одного единственного мобильника. Но эта информация была закрытой. Заряжать его не имело смысла. Он заряжался по оригинальной технологии, которая стояла на всей технике Мика — как на обычной бытовой, так и на движимой (машины, катер, вертолет и космический катер). Суть этой технологии была проста. Все, что попадает на поверхность той или иной техники — грязь, пыль, жирные пятна, крошки, пролитый чай или другие жидкости — всасывалось и перерабатывалось в энергию. Компьютер можно было годами не протирать от пыли — он оставался чистым и работал. Данная технология с трудом пробивалась на рынок, ибо некоторые корпорации не хотели по ней работать. Но Мику технику делали по заказу, и вся эта технология была его собственной идеей, которою он вовремя продал своим японским приятелям.
-And you already wanted to eat?
— Ладно, не парься.
— А. Ну, да. Держать друга на мушке, у меня вроде как не было, нет. Было. Но там по договоренности. Мы с Люпен пару раз стрелялись, но там другое дело. Потому что револьвер и вальтер — это ближний бой, а снайперская винтовка — первый раз. И мне было так плохо, когда я увидел в оптическом прицеле тебя…
— Да. Несколько мужчин. Высокие блондины в жемчужно-серых костюмах. Они не подходили ко мне, но следовали за мной.
— Пятый час, а мы никак не можем добраться до братьев Чанг, — пожаловался Мик.
От машины до входа пробежали быстро, но все равно намокли. Внутри оказалось не столь много народу, как можно было предположить, но гораздо больше, чем утром. Ребятам нашелся столик. Официанты быстро собрали стол, и парни приступили к ужину. Вскоре к ним подсел хозяин.
- And if you find? – type, carrying squeaking aunt behind, walked up to Mick`s.
— Да. А если они так прячутся, то что-то скрывают…
-Not to say that it's good, but not bad.
— Проверь по своим каналам Саманту Джобс…
— Ты?! — человек в кресле был изумлен не меньше Мика, — я же нанял снайпера экстра- класса!
- You have Aikido and kung fu...
— Босс, вы даете нам новое дело? — Макс уставился на лейтенанта.
— If Daisuke called first time, it was five in the morning, a second call was at half past eight...
— Это трудная задача…
— А того варианта, где все счастливы, нет?
— Interestingly, while over four million, how many are there?
- No,- replied Max, -  what happened?
— Зачем?
— Да это Мик Меллоун, — ответил за напарника Макс, — но я думаю, что вам стоит уйти, пока я вас не арестовал.
— Mick! You're just in time! Sit down, you listen! — welcomed him Carl.
- And what of it?  We just ask,- Mick said, leaning on the table Max`s,-we need facts and we don't even know who our victim!
— И то верно.
— А у меня, почему нет?
— И твои мысли по поводу?
— Work tomorrow does not come, -  the Lieutenant looked at his subordinates, — relax, Sunday — view. Although there is no. I give you two days off but try to stay alive these days.
— Эй, друг! — Макс решительно направился к напарнику.
— А теперь в ресторан! — восторженно сказал Макс, — время к трем, тучи перестали закрывать небо. Погода налаживается.
— Кто это был?
— Верно, но потом будем выяснять личность таинственного азиата.
— А эти все, которые за тобой охотятся, при такой конкуренции… они ведь ничего не получат?
— Дана сказала, что Фокс будет дома только в понедельник, поэтому если Снежана приедет, то лучше всего приехать в воскресение. Я ей куплю билет на рейс Virgin America VX114 на 22:00 Лос- Анджелес — Вашингтон.
— Oh, that... — the hostess sighed, - he came to me about five years ago. It brought a man with a military bearing.
— Нет. Дядя… раздобыл его, играя в карты, — племянница задумчиво уставилась на парней, — куб… был… живым. Если вы понимаете, о чем я.
— Прям как у Сноу. Ну, удачи тебе, внучка! Может быть, тебя удаться разбить порочный круг этих несчастий.
А Дайсуке ходил по улицам и слушал, не вмешиваясь.
— And maybe a Lieutenant? — Mick smiled, — no memory well but her better. And I'm glad I came back. Space — a good thing, but it is better to go there from time to time.
— Go to the Chinese. And anyway, I'm going to spend all night driving.
— А я хочу узнать…
— Нет, — Макс посмотрел на Мика, — ты езжай домой, а отчет я сам напишу.
— Да, после того, как мы забросали хижину гранатами и кумулятивными ракетами, там даже тараканы сгорели.
— Коровы на Юпитере не водятся, — сказал Мик, — а вот крылатые бычки есть, только они с очень далеких планет. Поэтому нерентабельны.
- Mick, - Daisuke grabbed his friend by the sleeve.
- Were you surprised, - Mick smiled, - that's not like you.
Близился май.
- Ruddy — it is as small, sturdy, but not chunky and not fat. She has black hair, but she's one half of the color blue. Brown eyes, ostranenie face. In one ear earring. Silver ring with a red stone. She has a fused joint of the big and ring fingers on his right hand...
— Тогда я с вами, — и Роджер стал влезать в машину на заднее сидение. Родж был одет в белые брюки и черную майку с изображением крокодила. Он утрамбовался на заднем сидении и принялся разглагольствовать о преимуществах жизни на болотах в окружении крокодилов и змей. И дальнейший путь проходил под радостные воспоминания Роджера.
— А ты подозреваешь, что она нам поможет?
— Английская…
— And he was dealing and had to talk with uncle Wong. The consensus they reached, Roger had thrown it. Roger came back at sunset. Put the bodyguards, took the uncle, brought in the biggest skyscraper and threatened — not to say that I have — will fall, and hell you're going... Uncle Wong went back on their word and all the information Roger gave. Now he is very polite to the thirteenth portion, that is, with us. He could see all the shooting and disassembly of the Chinese people happen everywhere, not only in our territory.
— Да, я и так успокаиваюсь, — Мик тихо хмыкнул, — что может быть надежней, чем объятья напарника?
За окном хлестал дождь. Сад грустно повис всеми листьями. Было скучно. Хотя третье января 2056 года могло быть и получше. Например, с утра сияло бы солнце. Но уже три дня лил дождь, навевая тоску и хандру.
Не успели пройти к своим столам, как высунулся лейтенант и вежливо попросил обоих зайти к нему.
— Тебя тоже признают, — утешил его Мик.
— Кто звонил? — спросил Макс.
*****
— Ты не злишься? — удивился Макс, — я думал, что ты начнешь ругаться…
— И почему вы еще здесь? — поинтересовался лейтенант.
— Все нормально, — успокоил его Мик, — мы уже довольно далеко продвинулись в этом деле и приехали к вам за видео материалами по украденной вещи. Они, вообще, у вас есть?
- And yet,  - Joe looked at Mick`s,  - think carefully for what will tell your friend.
— Нет. Ничего. Там, — Мик показал большим пальцем левой руки куда-то за левое плечо, — лежит покойник.
Max woke up from the persistent mechanical call:
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
— Wait, miracle is irrational, — Max latched on and, under pressure from partner, Mick skidded to a stop next to the diner.
— Про скелеты или про образцы?
— Где?
Like magic, there was a lot of all food. The guys sat down and gave food for granted.
Purring baritone flowed from the speaker:
Kabayashi smiled, but somehow removed:
— Да. Что-то случилось?
- Mick?
— Про Флориду послушали! Сейчас перейдем к Гавайям. Там теперь тепло и хорошо. Встречайте — Битти Орнит «The girl from Honolulu».
- I'll close the bar and give you a room. The key behind the skull, you will drink?
— Что теперь мы будем делать? — Макс расположился за столом и пододвинул кружку с кофе, — твои предложения?
К ужину они спустились в своих собственных нарядах своего собственного багажа, но не угадали. Ульриха была в чем-то, что больше напоминало полиэтилен с нанесенным рисунком. Эта одежда вообще ничего не скрывала, открывая присутствующим и ноги, и лобок, покрытый белыми волосами, и свастику на лобке, и пухлый животик, и пышные груди с напряженными сосками. А так она сидела напротив Шерлока, то тот то и дело проносил ложку мимо рта.
— Ясно.
Но тут посередине комнаты соткался сияющий прямоугольник, из него высунулась голова Джо.
— Мел? Постой-ка, это случайно не тот голубоглазый и темноволосый парень, который был на твоей свадьбе?
Max washed his hands. He had already decided to talk to Mick about what was bothering him, when suddenly the floor beneath him shook, the mirror was cracked, and the Max, without having kept standing, has fallen on the floor. He was bruised, but not disconnected. The more strange phenomenon lasted several seconds. Jumped up, rushed to the door. But it wouldn't budge. Something stuck her. Something outside. Max looked around. Window. He saw the window. The glass was cracked, but the frame remained intact. And it was at the level of its growth. Max grabbed the windowsill, hauled, broke the window and fell out to the front yard. Jumped to his feet and ran to the front door. But... they were not! And there was a gorgeous car! And absent the entire facade of the restaurant! Max felt terrified. He frantically looked at it, not feeling that flow unbidden tears.
- Of course, - Snezana sat beside him.
— Ваш осведомитель? — попытался прояснить ситуацию Макс.
Дом встретил Мика темными окнами. Мик загнал джип в гараж и прошел на кухню.
- Well, but I'm the only person in the city, whose honeymoon lasted only two days, - Mick returned the smile, - per night nothing happened?
— Ты же нажал на курок?
— Садись, — лейтенант Фред Косторович указал ему на стул, — садись и держись покрепче.
Mick closed the phone and looked at Max:
Долгие, долгие, до-о-л-гие гудки и…
— И если такой парень нанят, чтобы убить Мика, то я-то что смогу сделать, лейтенант? Я даже пулю остановить не смогу!
— Я не знаю…
- Yes, but there are times when the help of the enemies are as invaluable as the loyalty of friends... And uncle Wong and Auntie Tsubasa the most useful people. And Big Brother Bosasa and see what  did there Juan.
— Обычный рейс — 11 часов занимает. Чартерный — 9-10, а на параплане — около пяти-шести часов, да и то если на первый рейс успеешь…
Повисло молчание. Парни доели, запили вкусным чаем. Макс полез за кошельком.
But Mick, almost falling asleep, brushed my teeth and get to bed, collapsed on it and fell asleep.
“Not at all. You have helped define it, and it has helped define you.”
, he heard Mrs Hudson say.
A bee buzzes into the garden then, touring the rose bushes momentarily before coming closer, drifting lazily near Sherlock and Imi. They look at their visitor with curiosity and Sherlock tilts his head and raises an eyebrow.
Sherlock pushed in, slowly, accommodating for the new position. When he was about halfway in he stopped and asked John if he was okay.
John kissed him on the top of his head and lowered himself down. Sherlock guided his legs into place and came up to his knees. He pulled John's hips forward until he was flush with the edge of the mattress. He stroked his inner thighs. John's penis jutted up and away, ivory and taut in the dim light, and his scrotum hung heavy and full between his legs. Below that, below his perineum, John was puckered and pink, and the sight of it Sherlock drew closer and closer until all he had to do was reach out with his tongue and join wet to hot.
Sherlock stared out the window at the passing scenery, mile after mile of it covered in monotonous layers of snow, until John exited the highway, and then he stared at the side of a dumpster while John pumped gas into Mrs. Hudson’s Buick and squeegeed the snowy, salty splatter off the windshield and back window.
Sherlock is mortified.
“Are you awake?” he whispered.
“I can honestly say that what I want most is what’s going to make you the most comfortable, okay? And after tomorrow night we will be spending our nights together, right? If you want to, I mean.” John sipped his tea.
“No. There’s nothing horrible about you that I could possibly say.”
“Shh. I don’t want you to go out with him. I want you to make him think that. Lead him on, inflate his ego, and then when he propositions you, we’ll have proof that he solicits men for sex. We’ve been over this.”
Sherlock brings out the big fish. John has never, not once, been able to resist what he’s about to do. He takes a deep breath, puffs out his chest, and puts his bill right next to John’s ear.
“Right.”
In front of them, one thousand bills fall open.
Directly through the foyer, across from them, was a small room that looked like a library or office. Sherlock could see a tall workspace against one wall, with a large computer monitor mounted above it.
John let out a string of soft grunts.
Imi looks thoroughly impressed, and peers at their hovering friend with interest and regard. She leans forward a bit in Sherlock's arms and sniffs the air, then says, “I don't smell any honey.”
“Mycroft, there won’t be a council meeting until the hatchlings are old enough to attend, and that won’t be until after they actually hatch, and that won’t be until after they’ve incubated for two moons, and that won’t be until they’ve been laid, which doesn’t happen until after they’ve been conceived, which is some time after courting takes place!”
Creating the new room wasn't a new experience for Sherlock, but it was one that left him wondering how his current living situation would change if John proposed and he accepted. Certainly, he'd be expected to leave his family home and live with John. He made a mental note to ask John about his home and what space might be available for his laboratory equipment.
“Oh, love, don’t. Don’t cry. If you start I’ll start, and I’ll never stop.”
Ever since they parted ways with Erebus earlier in the day, John has been perseverating on their brief contact with absolute, unmitigated power.
“What would you recommend?”
“Out.”
“And did you find everything you were looking for?”
Erebus chuckles. "Sherlock, my dear boy, for one as smart as yourself, you can be keenly unobservant at times. Look at the huddle. What do you see?"
Sherlock pulled John down onto the bed next to him. “Really?” He was surprised, both at John’s admission, and by how turned on he was thinking about his then-best-friend silently pining to perform analingus on him.
Imi looks at them from her perch on the table, her brow worried. “You can't have a girlfriend or boyfriend if you're married to someone else. Mama told me so.”
“I can change.”
“No, not about me being fabulous, but thanks for that, too. No, I mean thanks for making me feel better about the flying thing. I hadn’t thought of it that way before, and it’s kind of a relief, to know that I’ll never feel bad about not flying again.”
“And you're okay with that?”
“Yes. I believe the star on the tooth is Atutahi's, meant to guide us.”
“Actually, I do.” Sherlock rearranged himself in his jeans and put the car in reverse.
“Definitely.”
“Have you asked him?”
Sherlock glared. “Give me two weeks.”
“Exceedingly.”
“Please, oh God, please.”
“Mm. Peppermint. Happy with your purchases?”
“Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, yes.” John was picking up momentum, and the force of it was driving Sherlock farther and farther into John. The friction was delicious, the grip of John around him building a steady, delirious pressure through his genitals and thighs and abdomen.
“The sofa in the living room pulls out into a king-size bed. It’s very comfortable.”
“Yes?”
“So, if Nathan Foster was telling the truth and isn’t our man, who’s lying?”
"What, that I'm your idiot?"
In time, Sherlock ventures away from Siger and Olive to make the rounds on his own. There are no suburb colonies, per se, but there are groupings among them, some as large as a few hundred individuals, some as small as a dozen. He has not yet made it beyond his own clan, which is the largest and most powerful of the colony. He travels now, testing his slides and leaps as he goes, learning the aerodynamics of his body. He heads to a nearby gathering of adults and youngsters, then another, then another, all more of the same.
aunt or uncle
John is a
John stepped forward and hooked one finger in the belt of Sherlock’s robe, and pulled until it fell open. He pushed the sides open a bit more, revealing a wide swath of Sherlock’s body, and licked his lips. “You don’t even know, do you? How beautiful you are?”
“I don’t, but I want to stretch my legs after being on the bus for so long. Let’s go down a few blocks, then turn and head back if we don’t find something.”
“That feel okay?”
Sherlock straightened his tongue, held it still and pointed at the tip, and probed into the center of John’s pretty pink hole. John’s hips jerked, and he grunted out a muffled shout. Sherlock flicked and prodded, and at the end of the mattress, John tossed his head on his crossed arms, swearing. Sherlock saw him reach underneath his body and take himself in hand, and had the most spectacular idea.
The taxi exited on 75th Street and a minute later they entered the University of Chicago campus. Sherlock sat up tall in his seat and gripped John's leg. They passed Divinity Church, the Renaissance Society, the bookstore, and then slowed to a stop with the Department of Chemistry on their right and the Department of Geophysical Sciences on the left.
“That’s why I crossed it out. Also, we have the John Hancock and the Willis Tower with a question mark next to them. What’s the Willis Tower?”
Your lesson is now complete! We stand behind our guarantee that if you follow this lesson plan to the letter, you will be snogging, and snogged, senseless in no time at all.
"Whatever you want."
I shall suck you well into the afternoon
"So, that would leave Pavo, Vela, Erebus, and Cetus. That's not a quorum."
Kevin grinned at John, and said, “Pass them to Greg when you're done, he hasn't seen them yet.”
Tui looks to Anahera, and finds what she needs there. “Thank you for telling me, John. I have Anahera to help me, and all the time in the world.”
Anahera coos and trills. “Ohh, he sounds divine, doesn’t he, Tui? He sounds like a gentlepeng and a leader. And he wants to be a healer?”
John felt the jolt of recognition as a surge of heat rushing down his spine. It made the hair on his arms stand on end and his skin tingle deliciously all over. John had wondered if he’d come back. He’d been wondering about it more than he liked to admit, thinking of the way the purple shirt had tinged his otherworldly eyes just the littlest bit violet, how his black hair had fallen across his forehead and the way he had pushed it back with his hand in frustration as if it happened all too often. He was tall and strange looking in a compelling way that made John want to keep watching him, that made John keep trying to figure out why he was so drawn to him. Why he had run out after him and given him the Perk card, why he made sure to tell him when he’d be working. Why his body reacted like a rocket on a launchpad the first time he’d laid eyes on him.
Sherlock swallowed around breath after breath. He could see it and it made him feel everything tenfold, and despite knowing what came next, he knew that hearing John say it would make it exponentially hotter.
"Come on, you," John says. "Let’s get you into the crèche. It’s far past your sleep-time."
“Oh God, yes. Yes. John – John – touch me – touch my dick –”
“Oh, God.”
“I … thank you, Mummy. I’m quite fond of you at times, as well,” Sherlock said with a wink.
“I have another instrument I’d like to you play. Like this one, it’s long and hard and has a place at the top for you to place your mouth.”
“Definitely,” John added, still looking at Sherlock before turning back to Sarah. “Good luck with your shopping.”
