There is some shuffling.  Voices.  "Let me, I know how to do it, stay with him, speak to him...”
"I am asking the question," Sherlock exclaims, lifting his arms dramatically.  "Because I cannot properly deal with my emotions.  You know that.  The only solution I ever found efficient was not to deal with them at all."
...and the comfort is so much more enjoyable afterward. ;-)
"Bedroom?"
"Would you let me examine you?"
"It is a good sign.  This might not be premature labour," he then explains, pressing a compress against Sherlock's birth canal and covering his legs with two flannel sheets.
"Yes, it is."
Tears. Because there is no more lettuce.  John is quick to erase the surprised expression off his face.    He apologises as seriously as he can -but not too much, it could be read as sarcasm then- and hides himself in the fridge, pretending to look for something to replace the salad, when what he really wants is to give Sherlock some space while he gets himself under control.
“Plea
“You are a rightful opponent,” John replies.
His right arm is suddenly yanked with incredible force, and John’s body is dragged against the blow, toward the pool.  He can only let himself go, whatever is happening.  The shock of the cold water surrounding him is paralysing.
Sherlock nods and swallows loudly. “It was incredible,” he whispers, “what our daughter did today.  Do you know the amount of stress a new-born is submitted to?  And look at her, already calm and content.”
, John thinks, standing up slowly.  He's about to ask Sherlock if he needs assistance when he hears the too familiar "click" of a trigger being pulled close to his hear.
“I know you do, John.”
Sherlock seems shocked by the crude word, one he still uses very rarely.  It does have the effect of silencing him before he insults John for real, defence mechanism Sherlock-style.
He takes Sherlock's free hand and looks at him, bending forward to cut off anything that isn't him. He needs Sherlock to understand what he is saying and be certain John is sincere.  "I am worried, but not especially so.  Listen...bleeding during pregnancy is quite frequent, both for men and women.  As for the contractions, it's most probably Braxton-Hicks ones.  I didn't really need an ambulance but hell, it's you, and it's our baby, so I might have over-reacted a bit.  I'm going to call Amy so that she can join us at the Royal Free and I will make sure you get the best care, alright?"
“I am fine.  Moriarty was killed in the explosion.  Lestrade texted me an hour ago to confirm it.  I suggest you try to slow down your breathing.  Your heartbeat is picking up.”
"Oh? What did you told him?"
"Do you need to lie down?"
"Yeah, that's all you do," Greg drops abruptly, but it's evident his anger is already deflating.
"Sherlock, don’t think about it, please.  I am good, now.  I'm right here, very very alive."
“Come on Sherlock, whenever you’re ready,” John says.
"Those cases that have a certain element of danger...they are very few.  Most of the time, we can avoid it.  You don’t want us to run after criminals?  Fine!  The police can do it.  There are ways, Sherlock, to make it as safe as possible, without keeping you from it.  No.  I am not going to let it happen.  You can raise bees and... sell honey... during your real retirement years, that is, after seventy, when you'll be crippled with arthritis and deaf and your dental prosthesis will slide out of your mouth each time you try to speak for too long."
Said assistant and two nurses are at work behind the lifted sheet that forbids John to see what his insides look like.  The constant presence of the anaesthesiologist sitting near John's head is reassuring.  She has been monitoring the epidural, as well as his vital signs.  She seems satisfied with it all because while the stitching goes on, she offers him ice chips.  It feels so good, John could cry. The heavenly cold liquid slides down his throat, soothing it.  John elevates June -why does he knows her by her first name?- to sainthood.
He was going for shocking and it works.  The nurse switches arms and finally gets a good vessel, although both her hands are trembling enough for John to feel the need to reassure her.  "You are doing good.  Ignore my fiancé's outburst, he's had a bad day."
Given how complicated it has been to choose an androcologist, John is just happy to finally sit in her office with Sherlock.  Her name is Amy Brown -call me Amy, please- and she's in her mid-thirties.  She's a confident but easy-going and naturally chatty petite blonde, with glasses that seem too huge for her small, pointy face.  He likes her.  As for Sherlock, his face is, for the moment, impassive.  Unreadable.  He is too tense.
"Sherlock is fine."
John regrets immediately.  "Fuck.  I'm sorry, Sherlock, I-"
"Thank you."
“Oh, by the way, how did Mycroft react to your plan of giving away top secret information to a crazy man?”
"I don't care.  He'll tell me when he's ready.  Now, you really expect me to believe you cannot use your influence to set him free without having him submitted to a new examination?"
"Yes. The cottage in itself is lovely and well maintained.  A middle-aged couple was contracted to take care of it, even after I became the owner, and so it was ready to be inhabited.  Pierce, my Poker adversary, had left most of the furniture.  Although I am not one to be easily impressed by landscapes and geography, I couldn't deny that I felt immediately home, as if I belonged there."
"Well, I can still feel your ribs when we're lying down so there is still progress to be made," John days, running his hand under Sherlock's shirt, feeling his stomach skin contract.  "But now we'll have to double our efforts, right? And fuck, Sherlock..."
"Sherlock."
"I know I'm not."
Sherlock nods, closing his eyes for a second.  "A bird, trapped into your hand, just the brush of a feather."
Warning for cliffhanger at the end : it's becoming a habit, I don't even realize I'm doing it until it's done.  Remember the happy ending, guys!
"What a waste of money, those things aren't cheap, and besides, I'll be damned if we get more than a a dozen days during the summer where using air conditioning is actually useful,”
"Don't call it that!  How can I get over my bloody guilt if you address it like it's alive, like it matters?  A cluster of cells.  An early stage embryo.  It is nothing and I have to get rid of it."
“It is, John, and we are doing it.”
“You should go to bed,” he whispers, walking over to the back of the seat to massage Sherlock’sshoulders.
Moriarty’s madness manifesting into a psychotic game seems to be, for John, one of those events in life that mark a new beginning -one of the many in a lifetime- another chapter, another episode.  It’s been almost a year since an ex-army doctor and the only consulting detective in the world had moved in together at 221b Baker Street.  At first, John had thought his fascination with Sherlock, and in return Sherlock’s indulgence at having his genius praised, would be the only link that would tie them together.  John had originally taken Sherlock’s self-proclaimed diagnosis of sociopathy as a fact.  Yes, he was brilliant, complex, unique, and John would never not be fascinated with him, filled with admiration.  He was also like a statue made of ice : cold and unwelcoming, beautiful, but untouchable.  John had taken in the bizarre habits, the difficult character traits, the disdain for others and had accepted it all. He wasn’t looking for a friend, anyway.  He wasn’t looking for anything, except Sherlock’s life had given him back what he had missed so much : excitement, and chaos, and the incredible feeling of being alive. John could feel his blood moving through his veins, his heart pumping ; a tingling sensation into his brain making him overly aware and always ready to jump into action.  Just like during the war.
John nods, smiling.  He opens his mouth and bends his head slowly, watching how Sherlock's eyes widen.  He licks his mouth in anticipation.  It's incredibly erotic.  No teasing, John remembers, then swallows Sherlock to the root, which is rewarded by a loud, high-pitched moan.  As John begins a pumping movement, dragging his lips up and down the shaft, Sherlock parts his legs farter and bends them closer to his body.  His thighs are tense and trembling already.
Sherlock observes John with attention, a light crease forming between his eyebrows.  "You do?"
The older Holmes remains calm and unfazed.  “I know, and I know you, Sherlock: that’s why I know you can do it.”
"What, no!" Sherlock protests. "I am barely reporting you my father's advice."
“Oh.”
"Sherlock?" John asks, closing their room's door loud enough to get his lover out of his own head.
to take."
Sherlock pauses, looking down his long hands that are laid on his lap, fingers joined together.  He is nervous, John realizes. It isn’t surprising, given that they both just escaped death, but ... there is something more to it.  It's as much as a guess as it is an evidence.
"What do you suggest?"
Sherlock.
With April comes cold rain and fog.  The whole first week, every day is similar to the other, more grey skies and dampness, the kind that seems to reach you to the core, disregarding how many layers you put on to keep it out. John is back to work, and surprised to find he wasn't that eager to pick up his usual three shifts a week at the surgery.  He had got used to staying home with Sherlock.  Preparing the flat for the baby had made them spend practically every hour of every day together.  One would think they would have grown tired of each other, being practically attached at the hip, but instead, it had soon become a new routine they both enjoyed very much.
"Oh, you must be disappointed, then, Sherlock."
"You know," he says slowly, choosing his words.  "We can wait... before you make the final decision.  At least a couple of days."
Sherlock has lifted himself on one elbow, lying his head in the crook of his hand while the other jacks John's cock slowly.  He seems fascinated.  "Although I already had an orgasm," he explains, voice still raw form all the groaning earlier," this excites me enough for my penis to try getting hard again.  Your dick is lovely, John, bigger but also a little longer than mine.  Oh... I like it, your pre ejaculate is sliding on my fingers and it's... I don't know why but I want to taste it."
.  It's the femoral artery, it is bleeding too much to be otherwise.
While speaking, John takes Sherlock's pulse.  It is a bit weak, and quick.  There is no surprise there. He's been diagnosing Sherlock with malnutrition and dehydration   regularly ever since they moved in together.
“Got it,” Mycroft is gone.  John can hear him climb the stairs two by two.
"Sherlock.  It's fine."
Sherlock hates his picture being taken.  He had conceded John a few when they had begun their relationship, as a "token" of the changes in their life, but has strictly refused to have his pregnancy being immortalized in any way, even when John had pleaded.
"Oh," Sherlock exclaims, lifting his hand, apparently only then realising what he's been doing. Or not.  He's difficult to read suddenly.
"Ok."
“Yes, John?”
There is one thing John doesn't have any power over, when Sherlock suffers from a bout of insomnia, and the reason is Sherlock's mind itself.  "I can't stop thinking," he complains.  "I can't stop it, John, how can I sleep when there are so many things in my mind?  It is very difficult to quiet it down."
...And sleeps on the couch that night.  Luckily, it is a very, very comfortable couch.
"I.  Yes.  I guess," Sherlock mumbles.  He turns to his side and observes himself some more.
A sympathetic nurse had walked him to the waiting room, and had assured him she would come back to get him as soon as possible.
Sherlock gives his instructions quickly, in a tone that forbids any protests.  Mycroft sits in the chaise longue, while Sherlock crouches, supported by his brother’s arms, with his back to him.  John will have to lay down on the floor to get access to the baby, but he does not care.  They need to do this, he realises.  Sherlock’s brain is in command, and it’s so very rarely wrong.
Sherlock looks at him as if he's grown a second head.
They should be at the crossroad soon.  The road to the part of the Chalk Hills where their cottage is located is a single track one, covered in gravel instead of asphalt because it only serves a few people.  It shifts to a double asphalt road down the hill, with three possible directions, the principal being Storrington.  The road to Storrington follows a small river offering a lovely view during the summer.  Like right now.  It should be lovely right now.
He bends down to kiss Sherlock's embarrassment away, and stays close to him, their faces inches away from the other.  "If what you learned prevents you from jumping in front of danger without thinking, it works for me.  And, of course your life is not your own.  It's mine," he whispers.
John nods.  He doesn't trust himself to speak.
John stares at Mycroft for a long time.  He thinks he gets it.  That's how it goes with addictive personalities.  It's rarely just a single addiction.  It's a way of living.  It doesn't matter in the end, the level of seriousness, or danger, of said addiction, it all comes back to one's determination and capacity to resist.
bean, thank god) finally appears on screen, trying to guess how it makes Sherlock feel.
"Almost a compliment, then."
"...Life."
"Hun-huh."
...and his hands gloved, but always... always, it seems... covered in blood.
It will have to do for tonight.
"Hurts like hell.  Serves me right."
"Hey," he calls.  "Turns out even Sherlock cannot make a baby by himself, I deserve some credit, right?"
"So, do you have any ideas so far?"
"Sherlock?"
"Right.  And now you're asleep," John murmurs.
“I know,” Mycroft cuts him off quickly.
"Good?" Louisa asks
"You didn't-"
"Sherlock?"
"I like your nose, have I ever told you that?"
Sherlock is walking back towards him, waving when he sees John on the porch, and accelerates, long legs graceful and sure.  It is almost hard to believe he is twenty-four weeks into his pregnancy.  It certainly doesn't show if you don't look especially for it.  It might be because of his tall frame, but his belly is still discreet.  It is there, though, and John spends way too much time caressing its shape when Sherlock is shirtless -and allowing it.  It's a firm bump that has started pushing up toward the navel, which is now starting to pop up.  When Sherlock is standing up and dressed, though, the width of his hips conceals his belly, mostly because it isn't a perfect semi-sphere, more of an oblong one, reminding John of an American football.
"I told you it's ok.  Come on, answer. Lestrade is waiting.  I'm going to get some sheets and pillows so you can settle on the couch more comfortably."
“Of course Mycroft would be an excellent host in somebody else’s home,” Sherlock adds, and the little smile he’s making lacks the sarcasm that usually accompanies it.
"I thought about my labour tonight, during that awful class.  It is surprising, I have to admit, that I could concentrate enough for the case to take a farther spot in my mind.  A lot of what the nurse said in her ridiculous power point expose made me wonder... what I really wanted."
"That is what you were saying, right? By solving the problem, you meant an abortion.  Right?"
::: ::::
John checks that the bottle of mineral water and the crackers are on the bedside table, then walks out of the room silently.
"I'll have Cheerios," Sherlock mumbles finally.  "John, stop hiding. I am not about to eat you out of spite."
he protests, surprised by his killer glare.
"Not knowing.  Never being certain."
"I... like this sss-so much," Sherlock admits.  "I lost my chain of thought again... Ah.  Yes, being sick is only another unusual thing on top of that odd feeling I have and... oh... oh!"
"About what?"
"Did you just ask her or...?"
"Still can’t breathe properly through my nose," he whispers.  "Sorry."
John gives Sherlock a languid hand job while murmuring at his ear exactly what he wants to ear.  Sherlock comes with a raw cry within two minutes.  There is water everywhere on the floor.
The strain in his voice alone worries John.  Normally, a first time labour is a long, arduous process. Childbirth tends to be faster when the person is down to their second or third child.  It isn’t unheard of, far from it, that it happens too for a first child.  It is called a precipitate labour... and now John should stop imagining the worst, it doesn’t do any good.  He needs to stay focussed on Sherlock and keep him safe, whatever is going to happen.
Several minutes pass, during which Adrian tells him about the house and how urgent the work on the roof is becoming.  John nods, only listening with one ear.  There are no more sounds coming out of the bathroom.
"I don't know... More sharing, I supposed, and belly rubbing, and consulting parents-to-be forums and... hell, have a plaster made of your belly, or something equally ridiculous.  I don't think you would have found yourself so damn scared if we had taken the time to enjoy this pregnancy properly."
"Stop brooding," Sherlock murmurs, and it's the first words he's said in the past twenty minutes.
"Oh, thank you John, once again, for your formidable insights!"
Their joined panting echoes in the room.  Sherlock bends down and kisses John long and hard, before getting both hands on his chest while rotating his hips slowly.  John curses and grips his lover's waist, fingers digging into the pale skin.
"Shut up, John!"
"So, who stole the body, then?"
"Biscuits," he mumbles, catching John's attentive gaze before running at the back of the house.
Sherlock shrugs and enters the flat, dropping his coat on his way to the sitting room, and his scarf on the coffee table next to his chair.  He flops down, stretching his legs in front of him.  The fire in the hearth is still going on, although it needs more wood.  John decides to forget about the creepy death prediction and goes back to float on his little cloud of happiness, filling the kettle, then feeding the fire, all the while whistling.
It had been awkward enough for the air conditioner to be forgotten, especially when Sherlock had asked John: "Isn't mentally challenged the politically correct term for simpletons?" In complete innocence...
"Come on, John.  Sherlock already has copies of the majority of our cold cases, some dating back to the sixties.  I can't commit a murder just so he isn't bored.  I would, you know.  Just found out my dentist has charged me seven hundred and fifty quid more than necessary for my daughter's braces.  Bloody bandit.  What is he thinking?  He knows I'm a freaking police inspector, and he still tries to con me as if..."
“Oh. Pop culture reference.  I am impressed.”
"You plan on telling him soon?  I mean, we're past the first trimester, and we've been lying to him more times than I'm comfortable with. Plus, eventually, you know you will have to step back, and leave the most dangerous job to-"
"You are extraordinary," John murmurs, kissing the damp curls at the base of his neck.  "And you're mine, and I promise always to come when you call me back home.”
Two awfully long seconds pass, and then there is a sudden tiny kick against John's palm.  Then another one, and another one.  "Wow that's... wow..." he wishes he had more vocabulary at the moment, but his emotions are getting the best of him.
"I'll go see if he is still breathing," Sherlock whispers, pinching John's arse playfully.
John smiles back reassuringly.  And starts making plans.
Sherlock resettles on the bed next to John, on his back.  He seems unsatisfied by what he's heard. And John needs to ask.
"Taking care of you, Sherlock, is a privilege," he whispers in an uncertain voice.  "And taking care of the child you're going to give me will be just the same."
I will add the link to my "buy me a coffee" account with the next chapter, and I am doing so by being conscious you guys don't owe me anything, you do not know me and you are nice, generous people, and because of you the Sherlock fandom is amazing, despite all the fights and haters.  Every cent received through the "buy me a coffee" account will be used for food, paying late bills, and generally helping me and my kids build our life back.
Sherlock doesn't notice, neither the dropped glass, nor the groan.
John, curious, tries to take a leaf for himself.  Sherlock bats his hand away.  "Let me choose, those larger leaves have been burnt by the cold, they're going to be bitter."
"Far too many," Sherlock admits.  "So I will be a coward like you, and wait before pronouncing myself."
A shiver goes through John’s body at the memory of the man’s crazy voice, going up and down, his disconcerting dead brown eyes, and how he had appeared to him at the corner of the street, smiling like a lunatic before using a Taser on him.
"Yes."
"More than Sherlock, that's for sure."
Something is happening down there, near his wound, but the pain is a distant echo.  John cannot feel his leg much now, it's cold and numb, like a piece of meat that doesn't belong to him.
Camila didn't like to have her picture taken, it appeared, but she was featured on a couple of photos taken the week they had been renovating the shop, by Laurie Afton's niece.  The best one shows the profile of a woman with dark hair and pretty features, half hidden behind a pot plant.
"Sherlock what is going on, tell me."
"John,” he hiccups, trying to sound serious,“it appears the mediocre performance of my bladder lately has finally proven fatal and I ...um..."
John stirs, then turns on his side and buries himself under the covers.
"What look?" John asks even though he knows the answer.
As if on cue, his mobile rings.  His nervousness shows in the way he fumbles to catch it in his pocket.
"Don't thank me.  That's my job.  Taking care of you."
Besides, according to my beta reader, the always thorough and lovely JJ, it once snowed in Sussex in June.  In 1975.
"Goldfish?"
“Do not forget we also have nurse Mycroft, isn’t it great?”  John jokes, sliding his fingers through Sherlock’s wet curls.
Oh, there still could be complications.  John can list at least ten ways things could still go downhill, but he refuses to think about it.  Relief flows over him.  He practically shakes with it.  It seems almost surreal now, to think he had been bleeding to death, to remember Lestrade's panicked voice and Sherlock's order to stay alive.
Sherlock seems like he's about to protest further, but he finally keeps quiet.  He lowers his eyes down to his stomach, where the crumpled sage stem has landed, and presses his hand on the side, carefully, always.  "She moved again," he whispers.  "I believe soon you'll be able to feel her as well."
"Of course you are.  Always are, right?"
Tomorrow morning, hopefully, the worst of the storm will be over and they’ll all head back to London -even Mycroft, whom, to Sherlock and John’s complete surprise, had agreed it wasn’t a good idea to drive in the tempest and invited himself to stayfor the night.  While John was trying to stop himself from gaping, Sherlock had started a long questionnaire to be certain Mycroft wasn’t sick or delirious, and John wasn’t even certain he’d been joking.
There is one part left to write.  It's not completely done, and although it should be done soon, I'm not even trying to guess when I'll be able to post it.  But it will be done.
"Oh god," Sherlock grunts, trying to keep his teeth clenched and breathing through his nose.  "It's..." a hiccup cuts him up.  His eyes are getting red.  "I am so s-suh-scared, John!"
was the one who wanted to be alone, until he worked to perfection his disdainful attitude and superiority complex.  It had come as a relief, really, for John to realize Sherlock would wear his genius like he was wearing his coat, hiding in a cloak of disregard for others so that he would not get hurt.  Better to throw the first punch than to wait to be punched.  Sherlock had pushed the illusion to the maximum, and had in the process become a master at imitating the sociopath persona.  Was it surprising? Another paradox was that Sherlock never ceased to be as clever as be wanted people to think he was. A total lack of self-confidence had created an absurdly huge ego, almost the parody of oneself, just like the more non-human Sherlock had pretended to be, the more humanity he had been trying to hide.
Sherlock tenses all over.
Sherlock doesn't answer. He can't.  He's shaking violently, his face contorting in pain.
Sherlock nods.  "Then last year, it got infected, and she decided there might be a less dangerous way. She had a partial dental prosthesis, she got someone to incrust the diamond inside the false palate."
Sherlock falls on his back and presses his hands over his face.
John spends a long time just looking at him.  His mouth is slightly open, his lower lip covered in saliva.  The red blotches on his cheeks will remain for a while, and their contrast with Sherlock's definitely too pale skin is almost shocking.
"No I am not.  I guess, with the brain you have and all the knowledge you've stored into it, the normal fears everyone else in your state experiences are multiplied by a hundred, because you do know about every single problem that could happen -you've made it worse by becoming an expert.  You cannot ignore the gigantic amount of facts you've fed your brain, and it only serves to feed your fears at this point.  Sherlock, you said yourself your brain needs to be held firmly if you do not want thoughts to overwhelm you, and this situation... It is provoking so many feelings and sensations you've never faced before, isn't it normal, in the end, how badly you struggle with it?"
Mycroft, alarmed, comes almost running to see what is going on.  John tells him silently to remain where he is.  Sherlock tries, without success, to lift his legs on the couch, as if he wants to curl in on himself.  His eyes are shut tight, his face a deep red, except for two white circles around his eyes.
Sherlock blinks.  And blinks again, and again.  Mycroft is observing him with a little smile, his eyes busy deducing his reaction.
Already.
"Think she might have turned?" John asks, lifting Sherlock's shirt until it bunches under his arms.
"I do not think it is necessary.  You only work part time anyway, and I might be... quite disagreeable," Sherlock jokes weakly, offering John a pitiful smile.
John mentally blocks Sherlock's nervous babbling and lays both hands on his belly, softly pushing Sherlock's one, and widening his fingers so that he covers most of it.  The skin is soft, and warm, but nothing can be felt besides Sherlock's breathing -he's not holding it but it is very shallow, surely to give John a better chance.
::: :::
Louisa goes back to the album she was showing John, of a trip to Greece, where a lanky and already too pale Sherlock is shown at different sites looking... not bored, but moody.  His hair is cut very short, he has a cluster of pimples on his chin, and thin arms seemingly too long for his body.  John catches himself especially touched by those pictures.  Sherlock, just like any normal boy, had gone through that awkward adolescence phase.  John remembers how his own body had felt alien to him, and that morning-that-must-not-be-mentioned when his mother had caught him masturbating in a rugby sock.
In the time they have been together, Sherlock's only term of endearment for John had been to add "my" before his name, and on rare occasions. Once, Sherlock had irritatingly told John that he couldn't, he just felt like an idiot trying pet names in the mirror, practicing to see if he could pull it off at the appropriate moment.  John had laughed at the image -he didn't care, he used pet names himself because they came naturally to him.
He finds Mycroft still in the kitchen.  He’s done the dishes and is giving their oven a thorough clean.  Of course, Mycroft would be a neat freak.  John knows better than offer his help but decides to keep him company.  Almost immediately, another cup of coffee is put in front of him, silently.  John smiles and wraps his hands around it.  He’s part tired, part tipsy, and it feels good to be inside while the rain keeps pouring in the cold night.
"It's... good," he finally says, his voice soft and shy.
And who is John to refuse such a lovely demand?  He hasn't done it yet, only because he wasn't sure of how Sherlock would react, but the man's arse has been the main attraction in John's favourite jerk off fantasies. Before Sherlock has finished speaking, John's hands have found their way under the loose elastic waist of his sleeping pants, grabbing hands full of firm flesh.  Oh, he wishes he could touch bare skin, although Sherlock's silky pants are so thin it's almost as good.
John can finally take his place next to Sherlock, one he shouldn't have left.  He sits on the side of the mattress and kisses his forehead.  Sherlock, installed in a semi-sitting position, only has to bend forward a little and, to John's surprise, kisses him back, straight on the mouth, a warm, a bit too wet open kiss.   John grins, seeing Sherlock’s goofy smile so different to his usual one.  Sherlock rarely smiles widely, always keeps his mouth closed, and most of the time, the smile is gone after a second, or only reaches one side of his lips.  This smile, though, is open-mouthed and showing a bit of teeth and a teasing tongue.  Sherlock's face is slack, his eyes unfocussed, lazy, just like it is the rare times he gets drunk.  Definitely high on lorazepam.
John holds back a smile, just in case Sherlock decides to look at him.  "Right.  You have all that knowledge stored into that giant brain of yours -everything that has been said and published about carrier's pregnancy, labour and delivery.  I'm sure that at this point, you could beat the world's number one expert on a quiz show."
::: :::
John knows he's getting worked up, but his frustration is an accumulation of two years trying to explain basic economics to Sherlock.  And it is not because he needs to be told, he's a god damn genius.  He simply refuses to acknowledge a subject he can afford not to think about.
The air conditioner works well enough for Sherlock to be able to sleep in the afternoon.  The headache is not going away and Sherlock can only take paracetamol as medicine, not only because he is pregnant, but because it is better, he tells John, to keep him away from painkillers, even in light dosages. You never know, with an ex addict.  John does the next best thing.  He prepares their dark bedroom with the heavy curtains closed, in which the air conditioner has worked for half an hour already, providing Sherlock with an ideal temperature when he comes to lie down.  He's compliant and docile like John has rarely seen him.  Sherlock is good at dealing with the pain, but not to the point where he can make it disappear by the sheer power of his mind.  And now, it is evident he is suffering.
As I was asked, for those who wanted to help, here is the link to :
"Damn right, you did," John replies, shaken by a nervous laughs.
"I felt movement," Sherlock admits, blushing, as if there is a reason to be embarrassed.
the blood flowing,
John blushes.  He had Sherlock promise not to mention it again after an old army body had talked about it in his presence.
"We could," John says, using all his massage tricks.
My dear fellow readers,
"Property and material are useful, they do not hold importance in my mind, besides what I need them for, so please, do not be ridiculous."
"I am careful, Sherlock.  I swear, it doesn't hurt.  Can I...?" John gestures toward his belly.
"It's fine, you know,” John reassures him, sitting heavily on the coffee table, "it is bound to happen more and more.  Remember, your muscles are practicing before-"
"It’s a gardening store in the airport area?"
I am ashamed you guys had to wait for so long.  I apologize.  Over the past four months, I found myself in a state of poverty so bad I lost my flat. I won't go into details, it's too painful anyway, but I know now that human cruelty exists, that a father can lead a life while denying he's ever had children of his own, and that really, when you are at your lowest, there isn't many people around to help.  I come out of it proud of my children, and myself, because I fought, and got back all the money I was owed, but also with a new understanding of the world.  And I may be bitter, but I have learned that I can only count on myself, and I will never, EVER find myself in a similar position again.
Sherlock practically jumps into his arms, his tension ebbing away, so suddenly John finds himself holding him up, more or less. Sherlock seeks comfort in his favourite spot, in the crook of John's neck, and wraps both arms around his waist.
(See the end of the chapter for
::: :::
John nods.  "Where is he?"
So, what John does is to slide his hands, slowly, from Sherlock's hips to his stomach, where he leaves them, below Sherlock's navel, his fingers entangled.  Sherlock tenses, but then relaxes.
"You aren't helping Molly, you are running away from me.  Don't make me spell it out to you, please.  You have to eat.  You have to get some rest.  It isn't just about you anymore, Sherlock, even though we've been acting that way for the past couple of weeks, the baby is still there, you know."
They are stuck.  The mud pit isn’t a mud pit.  It’s a landslide cutting off their onlyaccess to Storrington, and the hospital.
expecting a fight," he admits.  "I was prepared to reply to every objection Mycroft would have put forward. I wanted him to at least call me irresponsible, with maybe one of two mentions of my drug addict past.  I got nothing."
"Yes?"
I just want to remind all those who are here for the mpreg side of the story that it is coming, even though I'm taking my time -I did warn that it was a slowburn fic.
"Your nightmare, Sherlock... It's the first time I’ve seen you reacting... physically that way.  Was it that terrible?"
"Louisa must be ecstatic, being allowed to take care of him.  Hasn't happened in a long time, you know," Adrian adds, staring with a dreamy expression at the Christmas Tree.
It hadn't been hard to get information from the owner of the botanic shop.  For the first time, they have been able to put a name to the human remains found near Bowes Park.  Her name was Camila Jones, and she had been working at the shop for three years.  She had a light Spanish accent and was very shy, even with the clients.  The owner, a woman with flamboyant white hair and glasses artfully perched on the tip of her nose, says she kept her because she was doing wonders in the green house.  Laurie Afton had lost some of her composure when Sherlock had pointed out the fact that she was paying her under the counter, so it really was a win-win situation, wasn't it?
It is finally over.  A nurse and an orderly take John out of surgery and into the elevator to get him to his room. On the way, a realisation strikes him, cutting his breath short.
"How long was I out?"
That is new.
"You know," Sherlock goes on in a cold voice, "not everyone needs to prove something by fornicating as often as possible.  I am confident enough in my-"
When he begins to speak, his voice is nothing but a tired murmur. "John... listen..." He doesn't go farther.  He rolls his eyes, sniffs, and grabs his mobile phone from his pocket.  "Lestrade," he says.  "He has something for me."
"Was I so damn boring?" He asks, smiling.
Ok... John relaxes a little more.  Maybe everything will be alright.  He should really learn to trust Sherlock's capability of behaving normally -almost normally- as it has happened more and more ever since they got together.  Then a sudden question catches John's attention.  Amy Brown is asking if there are any twins in both their family.  John shakes his head, certain Sherlock is doing the same.  But no...
"Not really surprising."
“Ok, alright... mmh...  What was I saying?  That you were brilliant, right?”
"You're what? Tell me."
"But it is.  It is.  You do not want me to suffer by recalling the war and all its atrocities.  How is that different."
John grins.
"Can you sit on the bed with me for a little while?"
One thing is for sure, Sherlock falls asleep faster and deeper when he's with John, and for him, it is part of his responsibilities toward his genius of a boyfriend.  To give him that key to resting his mind and body, and to be certain nothing will disturb him.
"What now?"
"And..."  Sherlock shakes his head and curses under his breath.  "The surgeon finally came in.  I could tell he was familiar under the mask, and... God...  Ok.  It was Mycroft."
Sherlock frowns.  “As a doctor, you should know the second trimester of a pregnancy is often a period of renewed energy.  I do feel great, though I am in no way “glowing” as those stupid magazines would have you believe.  As if there could be any medical reason to literally shine.  It’s ridiculous.”
"We'll see," John replies.
"Do what?"
"Sherlock?"
For the past two days, John has begun walking around the cottage, slowly, enjoying the simple fact of being mobile again.  His leg is sore, his whole body feels weak from the long rest, and John plans to get back his strength as quickly as possible.  That afternoon, he is sitting on the porch, his leg propped on a chair, pretending to read, but really, looking at Sherlock's long dark silhouette detaching itself from the pale sky.  He's walking at what he considers a slow pace, which means, about the normal speed for everyone else.  The cliff is almost always windy, as it is today, the air fresh, cold, feeling like a pinch when an especially strong blow hits your face.  Sherlock walks with his hands in his pocket, his coat and scarf flapping behind him, and if he were closer, John could see his hair, messy and wild, undulating around his face.
"Sexual intercourse," Sherlock exclaims as if it is somehow evident.  "I already told you what it does to my... numerous chains of thought."
May sixteenth is a windy day, struck by a rain shower around noon.  The temperature drops afterwards. John is glad; they have their second prenatal class after supper, and Sherlock suffers so much from the heat he would have ended up with a tired and grumpy pregnant fiancé, ankles swollen to twice their size.
It’s easy to slide his fingers into the birth canal, soft and covered in fluids.  The uterus entry shows the cervix completely erased.  John pushes his fingers a bit deeper, but is stopped by something hard and warm, covered in fluid.
a jerk," Lestrade agrees, in a manner of salutation.  Then he too takes a look at Sherlock.  "Wow, it's...maybe I shouldn't have texted you, I didn't know you were so close to term."
“Are you a sudden believer of something holy? Faith putting us here at that exact moment, as if Sage was meant to be born that way?”
"I haven't gone anywhere," Sherlock murmurs.
"There you go," John grunts, knowing Sherlock now has his dick nudged against his prostate -which is larger than a non-carrier's gland and swells to twice its size during intercourse, another little difference that fascinates John.  Sherlock brain is shutting down, and it pleases him, seeing him move with intent, rising up and down John's dick, his graceful back bowing, his head tilted up, his powerful thighs flexing effortlessly.  It is so rare, Sherlock taking control so completely, and John, already close, can forgive the fact that he's still speaking.  Who bloody cares when Sherlock is riding him, managing to still look graceful when bouncing on his dick, his body on display in the most lovely way: all his muscles shifting under his sweat-covered skin.
Sherlock.
"Are you sure?"
Sherlock has put on his armour to face his boyfriend - well, companion.  (Sherlock refuses to call John his boyfriend, he hates the word : "we're not exactly two teenagers in rut.  Boyfriend is so... puerile, John.")
Nevertheless, John is coming, and it's painful, and heavenly good, because he wasn't ready, hadn't braced himself for it.  He even whines, which is very unusual for him, and he's just present enough to hear Sherlock's reaction, a mix of loud moans and "love you" and "John, my John".  John opens his eyes just in time to see Sherlock grabbing his cock, with long trembling fingers, and cupping his already drawn-up balls with the other, pulling once, then tugging, his head of messy curls lifted so that he can see himself.  John's cock gives one last weak twitch just as Sherlock starts coming, his back arched, his mouth slack, and his eyes closing shut and perfect. Perfect.
, comes the answer, after two long minutes.
Just know that, when the wait for a new chapter stretches, it is not because I don't care about my small readership.  It is because frankly, these days, I have a very shi**y personal life.  I hope this situation won't discourage you from reading, because I writing Sherlock is bringing me a lot of joy, it's an escape, and I desperately need it.  New chapter coming soon, thank you all for your patience
"We will not have any argument over it.  You haven't done anything wrong, neither did I.  Please.  I'm just bloody relieved to be alive, I don't want to ruin it, ok?"
“Oh, so you’ve noticed as well.  It shouldn’t surprise me, Dr. Watson, since the current matter concerns you. “
"Nope!  Shut up!"
Seeing that John has grabbed his toothbrush, Sherlock steps aside to give him access to the sink, but in a way that he can still have a complete view of his upper body in the mirror.  He really does seem to have a lot of catching up to do.
, John screams inside his head.  Marshall is in a good mood -always is when there have been a few days without death - laughing for no reason while driving to his death.
"It's always been difficult for me, getting sexually aroused," Sherlock explains, starting to undulate his hips, his cock -swollen, soft but firm under the cotton of his pajamas- rubbing against John's right hip.  "You... only you... John... it...ah! God... Because of you, I had to formulate another hypothesis to replace the assumption that...oh.... I was asexual. Then, then-"
"Because you didn't want me to take it in the first place, and after what happened at the crime scene, I figured you might think it was better not to get involved.  I had no choice, though.  There was an important amount of information I had gathered at the crime scene and had no chance to communicate to Lestrade.  I thought all I would do was make sure he had everything and then step out.  As if," Sherlock shakes his head with a small sarcastic smile.  "Of course, for every piece of information I gave Gerald, he had a dozen follow-up questions, and he kept sending me pictures and new pieces of evidence and facts.  I got caught up in it despite my best intentions.  It is baffling to think the Yard does solve some crimes correctly from time to time.  Their incompetence is egregious."
"Primigravida?"
John's mouth drops open just like in a cartoon.
John wants to hear more.  Sherlock turns his head on the pillow, presenting his lovely profile to John.  He's panting, mouth open, his chest moving quickly.
John laughs out loud, head turned toward the sky.  He feels something cold landing on his lips, and opens his eyes wide, wondering if it really is what he thinks it is.
"I know that," Sherlock snaps, his cheeks getting redder by the second.
"We are actually talking about the pregnancy, right?"
"It is strange, is what I mean to say I guess.  My libido isn't as demanding as yours -even if I take into account my newly discovered kink being explored, seeing how much I despise being sick after all, we have had more sex in the past three days than the two previous weeks..."
“John, we are stuck here, and... Oh.  God.  Help won’t get here in time.”
"John this is ridiculous, speak to me."
"Her name wasn't Camila but Alexandra," Sherlock tells Beeks without turning his eyes away from the picture.
It doesn't have any effect. Sherlock's grip tightens on his shirt and he now appears to gulp air if it's thicker than oatmeal.
"Er... Thanks?" He finally murmurs, giving the woman a suspicious look.
Looking down at him, he inhales sharply.  He has never seen Sherlock in such a state, with his hair messy, standing up in every direction; his face a deep, dark pink, his lips trembling.  And his mouth, swollen, with that incredibly sexy cupid’s bow standing out against pale skin, a trail of saliva on his chin.  Sherlock is still panting.  He can’t seem to stop staring at John, his eyes looking like they’ve changed colours, with the blown pupils making them so much darker.  He blinks, several times.  He seems to not know what to do with his hands - they roam all over John’s back and sides, pressing here and there, then caressing lightly.
John doesn't know what gets to him so much, but it almost hurts, hearing Sherlock speaking about his belly expanding -and he might have a brand new kink, as fascinated as he is by the rounded treasure expanding under Sherlock's navel.  Maybe it is the thought of being responsible for it, for all the changes his lover is going through and will go through; maybe it's because soon, yes, Sherlock won't be able to conceal his pregnancy anymore, and it will be there for everyone to see, how Sherlock belongs to him, and carries his child.
"It might be evident to you, John, but I am now certain I will always have difficulty understanding my emotions.  Maybe it has something to do with all those years of shutting them off, or it is in fact the reason I shut them off in the first place... It feels like I would need a written manual with very detailed procedure to understand the world like... well, everyone else.  Normal people."
"Almost a hundred and twenty, it's perfect.  As for the heart, you can see it is also normal, no malformations or holes.  Your baby is doing great."
"What are you doing out there?" John asks while they share a bowl of minestrone.
“It appears that my little brother has grown quite fond of you.”
“Sherlock, I touched her head,” John announces, unable to hide his emotions.
John is about to turn up the volume when a soft snoring noise catches his attention.  Sherlock is asleep, his head tilted to the side, nose buried in his scarf.  John shuts the radio off and smiles fondly.  This is not a time for nostalgia, nor a time to visit his parent's grave -so many times he did in his mind, so little in real life- or wonder about Harriet's current state.  During their last conversation, she said she was spending the holidays in Paris with her new flame, whose name John has already forgotten.  Harriet's speech had been slow and a little slurred, and he knew she had started drinking again.  On and off, it's been going like that for years.  John has learned not to hope anymore.
Without thinking, John grabs Sherlock in a tight hug.  A long moment passes before his lover seems to realise what is happening and relaxes into his embrace.  Then, Sherlock starts shaking.
“Because I know you can take it.  I misjudged you, upon our first meeting.  You are far more complex than what meets the eyes.  Your intellectual capacities can’t compare to Sherlock, of course, but are above average, by a long shot.  You are fiercely loyal and morally incorruptible.   I don’t know what clicked between you and my brother, but one thing is for certain, you seem to be exactly what he was missing in his life.  As you didn't know him then, you can't understand how difficult he was before you moved in together.  I do, and I have to come to the conclusion that you archived something I never could.  You gained his trust.”
But then, what if his emotional self became as confident as his detective self? What would John be for him then?
"You didn't have to come," Sherlock adds.
.  I’m terrified.  I'm not... he's exceptional.  I am so far from it."
, and
::: :::
"So?"
"Sherlock.  Wounded leg or not, I would love to submit to you in exchange of an orgasm."
"Yeah sure," she yawns, looking slightly confused.
Peter Gainsburg has been beaten to death with a golf club.  The walls of his office were sprayed with blood from the force of the blows.
"I didn't know you had a dog."
“It shouldn’t be, John.”
Part 1 : Sentiment.
"Her mother was Argentinian, her father European?"
Tonight, John had needed for their roles to be reversed. And Sherlock had steppedup.  He's been solid and reassuring, he's been the protector, the care taker.  He's been perfect. Of course.  He is strong.  Stronger than he thinks.
Sherlock gives him another quick look.  "Studying bees isn't possible in a metropolitan setting.  I could have bee hives here.  I could write a book.  There are still many facts we do not know about bees -some species have just recently been discovered.  Fascinating creatures.  I do not care if I make a living out of it : some of the cases we've worked in the past year have secure my future up to a certain point, and I am, of course, the beneficiary of a trust fund."
It's still half an hour before they get home when Sherlock becomes quiet.  He clears his throat, twice, then let his head fall to the side so that it rests on John's shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Unidentified woman.  Found in an empty flat near Bowes Park by a couple of teenagers looking for a place to... do whatever it is teenagers do these days.  The flat is empty except for the rocking chair, and there is no evidence of foul play.  It is impossible as of now to determine the identity of the victim or the cause of death."
“Yes, and yes.”
"You are not a machine, Sherlock -or, as you tried to convince the world, a sociopath.  You can't simply go through an abortion like you go to a dentist to have a tooth removed."
"I just want you to come home.  You can freak out about the pregnancy all you want.  You can be mad at me, you can call me an idiot and yell and torture me with your violin  You were right, you know?  I don't know how it is, for you.  I can't know.  I'm not stupid enough to think it's me you're really mad at.  Let me just... when you suffer, keep using me as an outlet, I don't mind.  I just want to do what I can to make it easier for you, Sherlock."
"You just put the front of the nappy on its behind," Sherlock points out matter-of-factly.
"I called Mycroft after I came back to London. I cannot stand signing papers and taking legal decisions, discussing contracts.  It's incredibly platitudinous."
"Like I would.  It never occurred to you that I might enjoy it just as much?"
"Okay?"
He never gave it much thought.  Sherlock's interests are sparse and singular.  If most of them can be related to his detective work, there are also those who just seem to randomly appear, keeping Sherlock's mind occupied for a couple of months before they are never mentioned again.  He cannot help but devour said interest with all of his formidable brain; it only makes sense that at a point where he's learned everything there is to learn, and some more, he lets go of something that has nothing more to offer.  John had wondered if bees were different.  There is an anatomical drawing of a bee hung in their bedroom in a frame, a lot of books, too.  And, well, if it is related, there is Sherlock's love of honey, the way he'll hum in bliss when eating a buttered toast with a thick layer of the too-sweet food.  He'll even eat it direct from the pot, when he thinks John isn't looking.
He's never left the flat in anger for more than a couple of hours.  John doesn't know what Sherlock will think of it, but there is a sickening feeling in his guts.  He doesn't know how Sherlock will interpret his absence.  He tries his best not to show it, but Sherlock's still very insecure when it comes to their relationship.  His inexperience is something that still comes up once in a while, Sherlock being all anxious about the social and personal etiquette of being committed to a romantic relationship, and how he sometimes feels lost as to not being able to rely on proven facts to settle a working canvas around their relationship.  It never fails to make John laugh.
"I love you, Sherlock," he says, hugging him tighter.
It's a little bit scary.  And a sign John's plan was a necessity.
Sherlock sighs and lays back on the bed.  "I am going to rest.  I might have caught cold, again, which is highly unpleasant.  It will be the third one in the span of six months.  Ridiculous."
The rain has stopped outside.
“What is going on? He asks, but receives no answers.
Sherlock has a small smile.  “My opinion hasn’t changed in half an hour.”
Angie on his side.
"Sorry, I am so sorry," Sherlock repeats, bending down to press a kiss to John's dry lips, as if wanting to swallow his cries of pain.  "Do not worry, the ambulance will be here soon.”
"Let Charles go, Mr. Holmes," the woman adds.  "And then we'll see what we'll do with you."
And it is the second of June.
"I will never leave you, not if I have a say in the matter," John finally says, hoping it will be enough.
"Of course, love, everything you want you can have."
They get Sherlock back on the sofa in a seat carry and lay him on his back.  He is panting quickly, through his teeth, and it is apparent the urge to push is overwhelming and difficult to fight.
And Sherlock obeys, and when Louisa uses her free hand to untangle the mess of his hair, he does not protest, on the contrary.  "Feels good," he admits in a broken, very low voice.
“Well, I suppose you always knew it was more complicated than that.”
"Woah, Sherlock!" John calls, catching him by the sleeve of his coat.
Sherlock shows John another photo, of a paint-peeling wall with huge red letters drawn on it, in a shape that suggests, or tries to imitate, the writing of a young child.
John is quick to forget the make-out session in favour of lifting up Sherlock's shirt, despite his protests, to take a look at his chest.  Yes, he can see the very subtle swelling of the mammary glands -the colour is altered too, as they usually are a light shade of brown with a touch of pink, and now they are darker, redder.
"Exactly.  Since you came into his life, John, I can see glimpses of my baby, of who he was at a very young age.  Sucking his little thumb, running after Redbeard, fresh out of the bath and completely nude, smiling at me like I was the sun and the moon together.” She sighs. “Well, well.  I am getting sentimental in my old age it appears."
"Did you get any sleep last night?"
"I think you lied to Sherlock when you told him there is nothing you can do to free him of your guardianship."
Sherlock falls back on the pillow.  John lets him digest the information while he cleans him up.  He’s about to pull back his pants when Sherlock fights to sit up, his arms stretched.  It takes a moment for John to understand he wants him to take his hands.
"Mmh.  Huh... Thank... you... Mycroft?" he says, a question mark hanging in the air.
Mycroft lays back in his chair, crossing his right leg over the left, and without looking up, John just knows the older Holmes is studying his face.  John's throat is closing, as if he’s getting close to tears.  It’s ridiculous.
"Yes.  I thought... I thought you didn't have a preference..."
"You're a carrier," John says in awe, looking up at Sherlock.
“Come on, Sherlock, I’ve changed your nappies,” Mycroft reminds him, shaking his head.
"Nope.  You're acting like a child, you don't deserve to take care of this one."
Sometimes John wonders if what they feel for each other is love, normal love like any other relationship.  He's bloody sure he has never felt this way before - his longest relationship (one year, her name was Kelly, a fellow medical student, bright and funny; God, John had been crazy about her) doesn't even come close.  Sherlock doesn't have any previous experience to make the comparison, but it wouldn't matter, John thinks.  What they do have cannot be normal, it is so often too much, too intense, both of them choking on what they feel for each other.
"Shopping.  You will make shopping with you pleasant?"
I thought of something deep and inspired to translate how thankful I am for your help and lovely messages, but, and it is a rare occurence, I find myself speach -and word- less.
Sherlock nods.  "John?"
In the afternoon of Sherlock's third day of strict rest, when he wakes up from his nap, the new couch has been delivered and John has just finished rearranging the living room.  He is very satisfied with his choice. The couch is huge. Sherlock can lay down on his back and stretch his toes without touching the opposite armrest, and since he's allowed a semi-sitting position, John had made sure that the armrest is high enough so that he can lay back on it with a couple of cushions and still has a support up to his head.  John had also bought a small table on wheels, adjustable to different positions to accommodate Sherlock.
John cannot help but grab the first pic he's been shown, a chubby toddler presenting his cute little bottom as he runs, hair still wet, after a blurry brown spot that reveals to be Redbeard, the Irish Setter.
"I lied, you know," Sherlock declares out of nowhere.
Lestrade stares another second, then bursts out laughing, grabbing Sherlock's shoulder with one arm to pull him forward, crushing him into a hug while patting his back.  John regrets not to be able to see Sherlock's face, it is so damn funny, and in the same time, it's... good.  John guesses the huge smile on his face isn't only because of Sherlock's current predicament, but also because of the warm, lovely sensation at the pit of his stomach, a mix of pride and possessiveness, which gets stronger with each day that passes whenever he thinks about Sherlock and their daughter.  When long seconds pass and Lestrade is still busy congratulating Sherlock -
"So, let's go.  The Work cannot wait," he says stiffly, looking for a cab.
John shouldn't mind.  Becoming an expert on a subject usually calms Sherlock down and gives him confidence -ah, that visceral need for control, or the illusion of control, at the least- except in this case, it has had the opposite effect.  How can it be otherwise, when the subject Sherlock's studying is his own current biological state?  What's worse is that John's reassurances are more and more often met by an immediate correction by Sherlock, citing facts, percentages and studies recently stored on his damn genius hard drive.
It is Mrs. Hudson's theory anyways.  "When you go through a tough period in your life, John, there is nothing more upsetting than seeing the material results of it all.  Things always seem better in a tidy, clean place."  John has no idea if she is right.  Maybe it is something she had discovered about herself, in the days she was the wife of a drug cartel boss.  She spends hours cleaning up with him, careful to remind him that it is an exceptional situation, and that, of course, she is not their house keeper.
“... and of course, if I was quick enough to shoot then drag you into the pool with me, our chances of survival were greatly improved.  I knew that the hidden shooters would most likely be shocked by the explosion, and since they were located at a higher-“
John is not dying anymore.
Which is why he finds himself speechless when he can see Sherlock's nape, completely clean, most probably done with a clipper.  His long pale neck is exposed, the delicate skin scattered with red blotches, probably due to the edge of the plastic cover-up used to protect his clothes.  Not only is his neck exposed, but his ears as well: there, again, a clipper has been used on the hair around them.
"Yeah, you are," John agrees.  He takes a deep breath, his nose shoved into Sherlock's curls, getting drunk on his smell.  "A walk."
. With “people”, he had added, grimacing.  John had played with the idea of ignoring his protests, and giving Molly the permission she had been impatient to have –that is, until the day he had seen Sherlock react to his and Mycroft’s gift.   Watching Sherlock so nervous and uneasy, just trying to react in a normal way to express his gratitude, had been a bit heart-breaking, for John.  Sherlock’s hatred of social events is well known, and most people take it as another quirk of an antisocial, pretentious genius -because that is what Sherlock wants them to think.  However, John isn’t fooled.  There is, underneath, a real sense of inadequacy, the fear of being incapable to behave “normally”, unable to understand the parameters of that normalcy. And that fear leaves him vulnerable to be hurt, or to hurt, unintentionally.
John has almost stop moving, his attention directed at Sherlock, who is, basically, pouring his soul out to him.  Even Sherlock, who would normally get impatient, has began softening between John's fingers.  He's panting a little, but only because he often forgets to breathe when he's talking.
“What do you say we finally drink that tea, huh?  We’re in no hurry, right?”
And this, this is scary, to admit to himself the power he has over someone with such a formidable mind.  Sherlock doesn't trust his emotional self;  the insecurity is engraved deep in him, with roots that go way farther than his time with John.  And now, he cannot go back to whom he was before, because that man never truly existed.  Sherlock's refusal to acknowledge his feelings has never been, after all, an absence of said feelings.  He always felt, so much and so deeply.  John knows.  It's the only explanation, this duality, for  the man he is today.
“While I think it’s not wise but reasonable to visit this Beeks guy tonight, you are the genius after all, and you would never have suggested it if you weren't convinced there was no danger, not after my...um... incident with that knife-wielding girl."
Long story short, John knows, early on that it will be a difficult day.  He's crouching on the floor helping Sherlock into his trainers and dares to remark that even with these shoes, the laces aren't long enough to tie in together. The kick on the chin he receives -
Not anymore.  It takes John some time to catch on, but it seems like Sherlock is consciously trying to accept and even initiate physical proximity –nothing suggestive, just a more casual, friendly manner.  And well, John likes it.  He likes how Sherlock sometimes will leave the other side of the couch to sit closer to him – not touching, but closer - always with a good excuse, like needing more light to read, or moving to fetch the popcorn bag they are sharing, but remaining in his spot afterward.  He walks closer to John, too, always, slowing his pace when John dawdles, or accelerating to catch up with him.  And then, there are the pats on the back.  It seems that Sherlock had stored in his memory hard drive - maybe since John did it to him - the fact that men pat each other on the back to congratulate each other, to say “hi”, or to provide manly, alpha male comfort.  In the beginning, it’s funny, because the gesture is stifled, forced, and it seems to drain Sherlock of all his energy.  John doesn’t dare to laugh, of course, or to even mention it.  Just observing his friend afterward, how red his face gets as he does his best to avoid John’s gaze, the doctor knows one remark could put an end to it, indefinitely.
"Sherlock?"
"Sorry," John says with intent.
"Could be dangerous, Sherlock."
Sherlock upper body tenses and he looks at him, frowning.  "I... sorry.  Got lost in my thoughts."
It is John's turn to freeze in place, mouth gaping open.  He always  offers tea, although Mycroft has never once agreed to a cup while visiting them.  As if he always wants to be ready to leave at any moment when Sherlock starts annoying him.
He knows Sherlock is close to a complete breakdown.  It’s too much, what he’s been through over the past week.  It’s one thing to acknowledge that, if it comes to the necessity of giving birth here, he has an experienced doctor with him.  It’s another one to realise it might very well happen.
can hear the music?" He asks, letting his hand wander from the small of Sherlock's back to his neck, caressing the fine, downy hair there.
A week or so after discovering he does, indeed, look "very pregnant," Sherlock leaves the flat early in the morning, while John is in the shower, without leaving a note. When he isn't back after twenty minutes, which is the time it takes to walk to Tesco and come back, John texts him.
He points at his stomach.
Sherlock tilts his head.  "An successful relationship is based on trust and openness."
"Oh my god, you are precious."
"Thank me?" John laughs, ruffling Sherlock's hair.  "Sherlock, you’re the hottest person I've ever had sex with.  Besides," he adds more seriously.  "It's... it wasn't just getting each other off, you know.  I..."
"Well I know of at least one goldfish that would very much like to kick his superior ass," John grumbles.
"Ok, alright," he coaxes, feeling his own orgasm pooling low in his belly, tugging at his hardened bollocks.  "Tell me, you're going to come for me, yeah?"
“Come on, Sherlock,” he says, rubbing the small of his back.  “Give me a good push.”
John calls a cab, then dials Sherlock's number. He gets the voicemail, which is full, so he can't even leave a message.
“Oh my god,” Mycroft whispers, his awed expression making him look ten years younger. He covers his mouth with both hands, looking shocked and shaken like John has never see before.
SPOILERS FOR SEASON FOUR EPISODE THREE
"Right."
All in all, what Sherlock needs is some food and water.  Nothing unusual there.
"How do you feel?" Sherlock asks casually, taking a step closer.
"I am not!" John protests. He pauses, taking the time to really think about it.  "Ok, maybe I am.  Sorry."
He can see Sherlock’s eyes widening in surprised confusion as he takes the two steps separating them.
Sherlock shakes his head, eyes closed shut.
He leaves the room, leaning on his umbrella, his stance still unsure.
And while it’s funny, it’s not exactly comfortable.  Sherlock tries not to complain, but John knows sometimes it’s not only uncomfortable, but really hurts.  John has seen him swallow back tears of pain one evening, when she kept kicking up, straight into his stomach.
"You did some research.  On paternity clothes."
Sherlock stirs and yawns, blinking lazily at John.
"It is a joke?  Where does that come from?"
(There’s nothing like the promise of a cigarette, and John knows for a fact Sherlock hasn't smoked in weeks.  Sherlock's incorrigible smoking habit has become a twisted game of hide and seek between them.  It goes like this.  Sherlock will smoke in secret.  Or so he thinks.  Of course John will notice, then hide his cigarettes.  No shop in a five mile radius will sell a new pack to Sherlock, ever since that time he had the idea of paying them so that they would refuse him even a single one, even if he begs -and he regrets it every time the craving is back.  John usually never gives away the hiding place , unless he wants to.  Because John is far from stupid; he will let him have his way now and then. Yes, nicotine is very bad, but when it comes to Sherlock, it's the lesser of two evils.  Especially when the second evil is a mix of hard drugs that can put you into respiratory arrest.)
"You alright?"
. it's Anthea's perfume. Tell me John, how is my dear brother?”
"Wait."
With each compliment, John kisses the inside of Sherlock's thighs, and he shivers every time, the grips of his fingers so tight his knuckles are white. John aligns himself and pushes slowly, very slowly, while Sherlock, eyes closed shut, lets out controlled harsh little pants, frowning, as if in pain, but John knows better.
who's yelling at you for not saying how great the bloody couch is.  Ironic, isn't it?  I just gave you a taste of my best stay-at-home boyfriend imitation.  Complaining about doing the chores without a thank you, as if I've just accomplished a fucking miracle."
"I love you more," Sherlock retorts, looking at John from the side, still smiling a little.  It's like he's pleading.  Like he's asking for John to understand so he doesn't have to argue with him, but only with himself.  His dilemma.
"Sherlock?"
When they had arrived, Sherlock had left John unpacking while he busied himself working a new spreadsheet for all the possible scenarios if he were togo into labour at the cottage, just like he had done in London, going as far as calculate the exact duration of the drive to the hospital, depending on the day of the week and the hour of the day, under different weatherconditions.  John understood; it had been a way for Sherlock to keep as much control as possible over the situation.  Wasn’t he doing the same thing? He had gone outside to check on the security team Mycroft had set around the cottage, feeling like a host who had to take care of his guests.  He had been told quite abruptly that the less they he and Sherlock came in contact with them, the better.  Government agents.  Often regarded as amateurs by the army, but John knew Mycroft wouldn’t just have anyone watching over his brother.  Besides, over the next fewdays, John had found it easy to completely forget about them.  Two teams comprised of two agents were on rotation; their car was completely hidden in the small wooden area west of the cottage. As for the agents, they were making their rounds discreetly, only coming into contact with Sherlock and John at the beginning of their shift to ask if they had experiencedany strange phone calls or emails.
, like a little child- in general repulse him, his own not an exception.
::: :::
"What is it?" John asks, kissing the side of Sherlock's face.
"I know what it means," John cuts him off, with more impatience that he intended.  Sherlock huffs at him.
Sherlock nods, still concentrating on breathing. Maria has opened an I.V. kit and is silently asking for John's permission.  He puts a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Sherlock has been ill, but he's doing better.  Still, he needs to build his strength back.  I assure you there is nothing to worry about."
Each word is accompanied by a finger shoved into John's chest, enough for it to hurt.
“That is extremely uncomfortable, Sage.  You might want to wait until you are out to stretch like that,” he murmurs at his belly.  “Sorry,” he adds, looking at John.
“What?”
Sherlock nods, chin lifted high, taking immense pride in his compliment.  He frowns, then, and sneezes.  It ends up in a fit of giggles, as he puts both hands on his belly, careful not to touch the foetal monitor.
So, yeah, John spent the night on the couch because Sherlock, in a fit of anger, had locked himself in his room.  Their room.
Under John's hand, the baby kicks, hard enough for Sherlock to tense all over.  "She bit me," he hisses.
Ok.  Alright.  Here they go again.  John hopes it won't be a very demanding case, as with Sherlock so advanced in his pregnancy, he cannot follow his usual rhythm of no-sleeping no-eating, not when he is already fighting a virus -as common as that virus may be. If Sherlock deemed his presence needed, though - and by the barely repressed excited smile on his face - this must be at least a seven.
Sherlock has his hands roaming over John's back, then on his arse, up and down again, pleading very softly for John to go harder, deeper.
John blushes, the thought seeming especially silly right now.
That is... a lot of ifs.
“Alright.”
“That is why,” Sherlock says.  “Of all people, I thought Mycroft would be the one to help me get over my...romantic notions."
Now that my kid is home and feeling fine, I will be able to give the chapter another revision before sending it to my beta reader tonight.  I promise that as soon as it is beta'd I will post it.
Sherlock watches him drink from under his fringe.  His hair isn't as artfully done as usual, there is no product in it.  The curls are messy and frizzy, an array of small, shiny black corkscrews, looking as soft as cotton.  It makes him look young and carefree, which is a nice balance with the visible pouches under his red-rimmed eyes and the downward curve of worry on his mouth.
“Help me take Sherlock to our bedroom.”
"If I cannot even observe myself, I would be a pitiful consulting detective."
John lets out a sigh he hopes can be heard below.
Sherlock nods, and for the first time since John has known him, does not try to play the "John-is-a-doctor-he-can-watch-over-me-at-home" card.  He must be very scared still to accept a hospital stay, even for one night.
"Well, where were we?" John asks, lifting his hips to meet Sherlock's arse.
Sherlock takes a step back and smiles.  They both pretend he doesn't have tears drying on his cheeks.  "A walk would be quite agreeable."
"Yeah, no kidding," John says, or at least he thinks he says.  He really cannot stay awake any longer.
All the while, he sees from the corner of his eyes Sherlock and his father engrossed in a conversation that seems very serious.  Sherlock is frowning, tilting his head to the side, asking a few questions.  Too bad John cannot hear what they are speaking about, because even when they are done, and it is time to eat the pudding, Sherlock's mood has changed.  He doesn't seem upset, or perturbed, but is acting like he does every time he let his mind wander while trying to keep up with what's happening.  He's half present, half lost in his mind.
"You sound so much like a dad..."
John, still coming back from his surprise at the revelation of Sherlock’s status - and incredibly turned on - knows very well how sensitive carriers are when it comes to their arsehole, so he leaves a finger hovering there and, with his free hand, caresses Sherlock's head.
Sherlock's defensive tone isn't hard to explain.  His libido has been quite low since he's hit his sixth month.  John thinks it is a mix of annoyance regarding his new-found clumsiness and hormonal fluctuation.  If it is a proven fact that pregnant people in their second trimester often experience a raise of their sexual desire, it can also have the opposite effect.  John has learned to let Sherlock initiate sex when he feels like it, because he has trouble refusing John, worrying about "not being enough" despite John's constant reassurance.   He hasn't made a big deal out of it, because it
“Wait, Sherlock, we still have options.”
“Nonsense.  You are amazing.  Listen, I’m sorry to insist, but you need to let go.  You are working way too hard to keep yourself under control.  I know breathing through the pain is hard but-“
"You are a building inspector for the city, which means you knew where to hide the body in a place it wasn't likely to be found... not immediately."
“But what if it doesn’t work between us, won’t it leave Sherlock worse for wear?” John asks shyly, trying to process the fact that Mycroft keeps complimenting him.
It has been a busy three days, especially for John, who had done most of the legwork, going back and forth to the Yard and Bart's, amongst other places.  It is as if the case had been waiting for Sherlock to be physically able to solve it.  Thanks to a dirt sample coming from one of the body's shoes, John making an oblivious comment about watching the "Alien" movie (
He's presented a tiny leaf which has a vague minty taste with a hint of pepper -mostly it tastes like a leaf.  It gets caught between his back teeth and he tries not to show it, as Sherlock watches it with expectation.
"So?" Sherlock asks.
John’s mind is too full of procedures and useful memories –hell, some textbook passages from his student years are coming back to him in whole paragraphs.  He wonders if this is how Sherlock feels all the time.
He's so thirsty. His mouth is dry.  Speaking hurts.
"Careful not to hurt yourself, my poor John."
"What?"
"I wondered why you couldn't show me earlier, since the workers left a week ago.  What is it that my dear brother was looking into?  Because you do not know. Mmh. Curious.  It might simply be something that wasn't available immediately, some... furniture or equipment," Sherlock deduces, dropping all pretence of ignorance.
::: :::
At the end of the meeting, after having talked things through the same morning, Sherlock and John had taken advantage of the presence of a legal lawyer to have their wedding contract put down on paper in an official format. They can now get married any time, but have both agreed to wait until Sage's birth.
," he adds, grimacing.  "Sadly, your mere presence in this group is an obstacle to its efficiency.  That you need to prove yourself better than everyone else is one thing, but no, you cannot achieve this goal without humiliating your entourage.  Everything about you is fake : from the person you pretend to be to the clothes you wear, cheap imitations of great labels, which you swear are authentic.  No wonder you have no friends : who can support someone lying constantly just to upstage them.  And you think you are a good liar but you have tells, as I am certain anyone with even a modest intellect can see.  As for your husband, he is quick to agree with everything you say but he is getting good at pretence, too.  Just during the break, when he was on the phone with-“
One hour after his arrival, John feels calmer.  There is a fire going in the hearth, the luggage has been emptied and everything is back in its usual place.  After a quick chat downstairs with Mrs. Hudson, John settles in his chair with a cup of tea, waiting for Sherlock.  He is glad he decided to stay home.  Not only is his irritation is gone, but he thinks it’s important that Sherlock knows he trusts him not to put himself in danger.  And John does.  It doesn’t even cross his mind that Sherlock might start the investigation without him.  It would have been different a year earlier, but it is more than time to give Sherlock some slack.
Sherlock makes an annoyed sound.  He stops for a second and blinks slowly -three times, they always come in threes, those nervous blinks.
“And Sherlock, do you realize?  Soon we’ll be holding our daughter in our arms?” John smiles.
"Then what happened to her?"
John had only been aware of Sherlock's own nightmares when they began sharing a bed together.  They are very rare, if Sherlock is being honest about them, and more often than not happen when he sleeps from exhaustion after a case, and it is only because John is programmed to wake up when he feels Sherlock doing the same that he knows it.  Sherlock mumbles and groans during his nightmares; most of the time, though, the rest of his body, although bearing a certain tension, remain immobile. Whether it’s John waking him up or Sherlock doing it by himself, the only clue he wasn't having a pleasant dream is the silent gasp he lets out and the way his eyes snap wide open.  He never tells John what he was dreaming about, and John, who does the same, cannot blame him.
"Get up," John says, nudging at his waist
"Really John?"
“John,” Sherlock warns, stopping his slow, waddling walk.
"Yes, he just needs a minute to get himself together," John says, although he doesn't have a clue.
"Lestrade call an ambulance!  NOW!"
Also, it is not usual for me to end a chapter on angst, but I did with this one because it was just the place to stop.  Don't worry though, the resolution in the  next chapter is coming soon.
"For you, John, always, only… ah! …for you" Sherlock agrees, lifting both hands to grab the headboard.  His face is red, covered in sweat, his eyes impossibly wider, his mouth opened in an "oh."  He's desire and lust personified.
"The capacity of liquid absorption in natural fibres regarding... Anyway, you wouldn’t understand.")
He stays.  He’s on his back, again, doesn’t know how it happened.  Time is all wrong.
The sky is so dark it seems the sun has not risen.  The wind howls, blowing the trees, and the rain is icy cold. The thermostat of the rented jeep indicates five degrees Celsius.
“So no epidural, no foetal monitor, no surgical unit close by, no-“
"Because right now I'm starting to think you have considered another option," John says, unable to turn his eyes away from Sherlock's stomach.
"I will text you later," he tells him.  Then, Mycroft disappears into the car that brought John to Sherlock's hiding place, and he finds himself alone.
"Yes."
Hum... Surprise!?  My beta reader being made of awesomness, she took the time to work on the next chapter between Christmas and New Year's eve.  I have to warn you guys, it is 9.5 k and I know it's longer than the other ones but I couldn't cut back anything or split the story otherwise, because the chapter in itself works better that way.
"I know. I said it because I wanted to. Please don't doubt me.  You're the deducing genius, then deduce me."
"I've have it for a long time," Sherlock says, still staring at the ceiling.  "It was one of my first, and it wasn't the safest, nor the closest, so I gradually abandoned it.  It's the only reason Mycroft didn't know about it."
"I am
“So, the surveillance team has gone,” John announces.
John doesn't question Sherlock's lack of logic, because let's be honest, having him so clearly worried has John’s stomach flipping and a warm sensation blooming in his belly.  He doesn’t see why he shouldn’t indulge himself a little.  It’s quite new –John had known, on a cerebral level, that Sherlock treated him as a friend and was often trying to demonstrate his affection in his strange, clumsy way.  Like calling John an idiot - that had stopped being an insult and had turned into an affectionate banter.  Or showing a little bit of guilt for waking him up with his violin when John had just returned from a twenty-hour shift at the surgery.  This, though, whatever it is, is different.  Sherlock wants -
He probably doesn’t have to ask.
“John?  What is it?  What’s wrong?”
Sherlock has a notepad in his hand, going over the three samples systematically, as if he's doing any other experiment.  John watches him, eyes wide, as he takes some notes.
he admonishes himself.  He sees the envelope stamped with the British government seal and his breath catches in his throat.
"John?  Are you ready?"
He's on his back in the alley, McMasters crouching over him like some kind of dominatrix.  Her hair tickles John's nose.
After a little while, John goes in search of his book and finds on his part of the desk the spreadsheet Sherlock had designed for the baby’s room, right after they had found out about the gender.  He smiles to himself as he goes back to his chair, going over the small but impeccably formed handwriting that covers half the sheet.  Trust Sherlock to treat the preparation of a nursery as a scientific matter.  Each colour they’ve discussed is listed, each one with its psychological effect.  There are several dispositions of the furniture suggested and they all have a theme, like: “pro-efficient” or “light-oriented.”
This pleases Louisa.  She smiles and her eyes light up with it this time, slits of ice blue between her crow’s feet.  It is Sherlock all the way.  "He was twelve when he used for the first time.  Of course, I didn't know that until very long after.  Mycroft was good at concealing the damage.  I felt something change that year, and I thought it was... puberty, I guess.  I've been such an idiot... Oh, I don't want to keep stirring those memories, it is Christmas.  I just want to tell you that with what Sherlock's been through in the past, I never expected him to live past thirty-five, and now, he's just announced to me that I'm going to be a grandmother! I owe you so much, John, so... thank you, for loving my son as he is."
"Yes," the answer is almost inaudible.  Suddenly struck with a powerful wave of affection, John lays his hand on Sherlock's trembling back, rubbing large circles on it.
John wanted to sound at least annoyed, but he cannot manage to hide the smile in his voice.  And Sherlock knows it.  With his usual swift way of moving when he has his mind focused on something, he takes the step separating him from John, his blue dressing gown flying behind him, and sits himself on John's lap, facing him, both legs bent at the knees, wedged in the sides of the chair.  Automatically, John lifts his arms to settle his hands on Sherlock’s hips.  As for Sherlock, he puts his on John's shoulders, bending down to kiss him, a quick warm one, mouth only slightly open.  It's lovely.
The cab driver seems to be the chatty type.  John closes the window between them before he can start talking.  With what might be unnecessary force.  He feels nervous.
"As I was saying, John," Sherlock says, smiling a little.  "Do not think I am having an internal breakdown because of a urine stain that was barely the circumference of an apple."
With that tender moment, and given how openly Sherlock speaks of his physical appearance, John thinks that early morning epiphany he just went through is nothing more than it seems.
Sherlock opens the door to 221a, and freezes, a shocked expression slackening his features.  He pales at an alarming rate, and John stays close, just in case.
John stays in his spot from where he can see the scene unfold.  They hadn't talked at all about the best way and time to share the news, but knowing Sherlock, John had guessed it was probably a source of anxiety for him, and that he would postpone it as much as possible -at least until he has reached the three-month mark, as is usual for pregnant women.  If women are more at risk of a miscarriage during those first three months, carriers' risks are even greater, going from a vague ten to twenty percent (considering all the occurrences where the pregnancy wasn't even "discovered" yet in the very beginning) to a solid 25 percent for carriers, and in this case, only the treated or declared miscarriages are taken into account.  It is common belief, amongst scientists, that the mutation is still in the phase where it needs to perfect itself, slowly, from one generation to the other
Chapter 2
They were supposed to leave after dinner.  John had thought Sherlock would be eager to go back, since he had originally tried to negotiate driving up here for Christmas dinner and leaving on the same day.
Sherlock nods curtly, and the last glimmer of fear disappears from his pale gaze.
Sherlock frowns again.   His shirt and vest have been thrown on the floor.  He lies back next to John, exposing his upper body.  John tries not to stare.  He knows Sherlock has become very self-conscious lately, after too many comments on his weight lost and protruding bones.  John hadn't realised he was upsetting him, too busy being upset himself by said weight loss and protruding bones.
"Good."
Very well.  John casts a quick glance around, and is relieved to see no sign of Lila the red-headed.  The teacher is the same nurse as before.  When she sees him, she smiles and nods, but there is something definitely strained in that smile.  Amused, John observes as she scans the room –to find Sherlock, obviously.  When she does, the smile freezes on her face and she swallows hard enough for John to see her throat working.
"No, stop it.  I understand.  Really seems like you are settling down, now.  You will have a family of your own. It's bloody awesome."
"Hey, you were having a nightmare.  A very unpleasant one," John explains slowly.  "Are you back?  Sherlock, you ok?"
"You are whispering," John remarks, smiling. "As if you're scared your parents will hear us."
"I assume you are referencing to our supper in family hell?" Sherlock lifts an eyebrow without looking away from his phone.
"If you say so.  Anyway, we can talk in bed.  Are you okay to walk?"
"What?"
They’ve made it.  Sherlock’s brilliance allowed him to perform a miracle.
"Oh.  No.  When I was young and my grandmother visited, she would always send me into my mother's garden to collect some herbs.  With the sage, and some basil, she would cook an Italian delicacy called
John curses under his breath, hearing the woman's voice.  Claire Green.  He lifts both his hands, slowly.
"Sherlock."
Sherlock’s long moan ends on a dry sob, followed by a series of curses.  Mycroft walks over to them.  He looks a bit scared and unsure what to do. “John?  Do you need me to prepare something?  I don’t know, boiling some water or-“
“You think so?
John lies down over Sherlock, kissing him slowly, circling his hips so that their filling cocks can brush against the other now and then.  He's in no hurry; every minute they spend in bed is a bored-Sherlock-free minute after all.  Sherlock presses himself against John, caresses every inch of skin he can get his hands on, rubbing his face at the juncture of John's neck and shoulders, as if he wants them to fusion, as if it can happen if he tries hard enough.  So tactile, so responsive.
John wakes up, slowly, rising up from the layers of unconsciousness rendered thick and heavy by the Dilaudid.  He blinks in the soft light casting a warm, yellow shade over his bed.  He knows he cannot turn it off because he's under observation, and doesn't really care anyway -darkness isn't exactly comforting when you've just been stabbed in an obscure back alley.
"And it is impossible, don’t you get it?  There is no...
"I am fine," Sherlock says as soon as he can catch his breath.
The first hour goes well.  Marcie gives an expose about the nature of pain and the unique way it is perceived by each individual (clever, as way of defusing the tendency to feel guilt a lot of patients have when it comes to enduring pain.  Sherlock could be the poster child for this phenomenon).  Then, she goes over the multiple methods used to manage pain during childbirth, from the good old breathing exercises to the most recent laughing gas administration.  John and Sherlock have already discussed this with Amy.  Sherlock is still undecided regarding the specifics of labour and delivery.  They've been offered a lot of options, from a birth under water to the service of a psychologist practicing hypnosis.  Sherlock has only said he needed time to think it through because he still has trouble imagining himself giving birth.  John tries to respect it, even though he suspects the problem is not about the still unreality of the birth but the panicking fear it provokes.
"Geoff."
John walks away in the direction of the kitchen.  A tea, that is what he needs, and the supper won't cook itself, Sherlock needs some greens.  He doesn't like to take the iron supplements he's been prescribed, so they compensate with food.
“Yep.  And the wind is getting worse.  It feels like bloody November out there.”
to track a murderer that hadn't taken lightly to being cheated by two teenagers that were able to crack the game code.  John's help had consisted of putting food near Sherlock on a regular basis -he had eaten, although not much, breaking his ‘no food when Working’ rule.  John suspects it had been more to avoid another fight with him than to keep himself healthy.  That is probably also why he had taken a few hours away from the game each day, to sleep.  It doesn't change the fact that once the murderer is caught and they are debriefing in Lestrade's office, Sherlock's skin looks waxy, his eyes are hollow and his usual energetic way of moving around had completely disappeared.  He's unusually quiet and still, which he never his, not when it is time to savour a victory.
He smiles brightly, and it takes John a second to realise that Sherlock is waiting for praise, as he does -in a subtler manner- each time he makes an especially good deduction.  God, John cannot stand the adorableness of his dosed-up pregnant genius.  How can he be so utterly inoffensive and innocent, when he has the capacity to destroy someone just by speaking to them, if he tries hard enough.  Sherlock is a singularity in the universe.
“Yes, it is.  It is, Sherlock, but there are some techniques I can perform while we wait for help, it’s alright, I’m going to fix it.”
Beeks had found her dead one day when he returned from work.  She had chosen a Wednesday, because she knew Angie had an art class and wouldn't be back before Stephen.  There were pills and alcohol on the bedside table.  She had left a note, a note that was perfectly in harmony with her character.  She couldn't go on, but she feared for Sophie's life.  She pleaded for Beeks to dispose of her body so that there would be no record, no paper trail.  That was the ultimate gift she could make to her daughter, she had written, freeing her from herself and her past.
"You mean you feel the same?"
But then John gets caught up by his own reaction, surprised by its intensity.  This isn't, by a long shot, the first sonogram he’s seen, but it doesn't change the fact that the six millimetre shrimp with a giant head he sees is a human being in the making: his and Sherlock's own personal miracle.  A son.  A daughter.  Already equipped with everything it needs to develop into a perfectly formed baby in a few months, then a child, and an adult.  A
But then he begins to worry, because seconds stretch and Mycroft remains frozen in place, a somewhat dreamy expression in his eyes.
John breathes loudly through his nose, determined to keep calm.
"I didn't know," he says.
Sherlock's rapid, cold voice is cut out by a loud static noise.  He opens his eyes and turns them towards the screen.  John can see his mouth opening slowly as a violent blush crawls up his cheeks.  The static is cut out by a rapid, regular noise: the familiar thumping of a beating heart.  It's loud, and quick.
When sleep overtakes him, he's still smiling.
And now, it will be even more difficult not to think about the minuscule embryo lodged deeply inside the love of his life.  It is nothing but a cluster of cells.
John lays the baby on Sherlock’s chest, careful not to compress the umbilical cord. He grabs another towel and gets on with cleaning the fluids and vernix, going at it quite vigorously to stimulate the blood circulation.  Sage is crying still, squirming on Sherlock’s deflated stomach and chest, the bluish tint of his skin receding rapidly to turn to a healthy pink.
"Sherlock told you about it?"
"No, not this time. It will grow back, darling.” John reassures him. “You'll have your usual longer curls in no time.  But meanwhile, I think you look just fine."
"Why would I be obligated to save Scotland Yard’s clearly over-rated arse each time they stumble onto their own feet?" Sherlock snaps coldly at him.
John’s reply dies on his lips.  He’s hot suddenly, and slightly nauseous. The smell of the scotch alone is too much.  John puts the glass on the floor and sits back slowly, keeping his eyes down.
"I wouldn't say no to a bath," Sherlock agrees.
When he gets out of bed, in need of a second shower to satisfy his unfaltering need to come, Sherlock doesn't even stir.
"...Yeah.  It does sounds like you."
Sherlock's cheeks are now bright red.  He casts John a quick, uneasy look.  "There is no reason for you to be excluded, John.  I am not less interested or physically attracted to you.  I just have more trouble getting sexually aroused.  Some pregnancy studies suggest-"
Mycroft ignores him, and keeps texting on his mobile.
"And night." John points out.
And for anyone who knows Sherlock, that is huge.  That is care taking.  It’s clumsy, and singular, but still.  John doesn’t make anything of it. He even finds it endearing, telling himself it will all go back to normal as soon as the cast is off, probably before that, even, once the novelty of the situation is gone.  It doesn’t, though.
"There is nothing wrong in being a little vain."
"Yes. "
Whenever Sherlock wants to fight nasty, just so that he won't be the only one frustrated, he knows with surgical precision which of John's buttons to push to obtain satisfying results.  If John can keep himself from biting, his calmness infuriates Sherlock like nothing else, and usually marks the turning point where the frustration and ennui give way to complete silence.  Before they got together, it could last for days, those very bad days that made John wonder if Sherlock would try to find a fix, or if that the silent brooding wasn't more serious, turning into a full-on depression.
"I hadn't anticipated it would feel that way," Sherlock whispers.
John finds himself blushing.  He can see the pleased smile Sherlock tries to hide, and decides he will definitely keep telling him.  They are both silent for a while, which is surprising.  John had thought Sherlock would get back on his phone as soon as they were out, or at least start babbling non-stop about the case.
...Only to meet with Sherlock's back at full speed.  John tries to stop -can almost hear the break noise like in cartoons- and throws himself to the side, his shoulder bumping hard against an empty container.  At least, Sherlock is still standing, although he's wincing, hopping on a leg to get to John.
"What?"
He feels honoured, although he can’t quite understand that someone as exceptional as Sherlock Holmes wants this. Wants
“The rain hasn’t stopped,” Sherlock says with a somewhat dreamy expression.  “There are still lightning strikes once in a while... I...  Oh my god, John!”
"It isn't an answer."
"No, I know that," the officer replies, taking a step back.
“I won’t let him.”
"How do you feel?"
Despite his quietness, John knows he’s in a better mood now that Blair has been caught.  First, he had thought Sherlock had taken it quite well, being forced to travel to Sussex when he could go into labour any day, while letting Mycroft and Lestrade take care of Blair’s research without getting involved.  They had packed and left the next morning, the only person knowing where they were going being Amy Brown, who had immediately found the closest hospital in Sussex that could accommodate a carrier birth, just in case.  She had contacted the resident gyneco-androcologist and had assured them Sherlock would be in good hands.  Besides, St Mary’s hospital was only a little more than an hour away from London.  She had promised she would try to be there.
"What are you-"
"I am."
The small plant stem Sherlock shows John isn't familiar, nor does it have anything special, just small leaves, with the underside showing some kind of purple tint.  There had been flowers, although all that remains after the winter are small brown cold-burned bundles.
John knows Sherlock is aware of everything going on, despite being so stressed that he's shaking, so he tells him what he's just done, and the results.
Sherlock looks up, disdain quirking his lips down.  "You always have the most stupidly romantic answers."
Hey, great news: his voice still works.
"Oh.  Yes, of course," John says, grabbing his arm to help him on his feet.
"I want.  Can you... I want us to have intercourse.  That is, if you don't mind," he adds quickly.
"I am not-"
("Stop being such a child.  You asked for my help, this is me helping you.  You will come with me to the class or..."
amazing, his body so responsive despite his hesitation.  John wants to make him forget about the pregnancy scare, and his body escaping his control, and all the fears he tries to keep hidden.
John complies, giving special attention to the slit, which has Sherlock uttering "god damn it, John," his voice tense and high-pitched, the same way someone who's just hurt himself curses but tries to keep it down.  It goes straight to John's painfully hard cock, Sherlock cursing, even something as gentle as this, because it means Sherlock is definitely not in control anymore.  Probably doesn't even try to.  With a renewed enthusiasm, John swallows around Sherlock's cock, humming deep in his throat to add the vibrations to the pleasurable sensations.
Sherlock moans long and harsh, shaking from head to toes, and his hips stutter in quick, unorganized movements.  The redness of his cheeks rises to the tip of his ears and down his neck, where his jutting out jugular shows the strong, rapid beating of his heart.
John sighs.  Nothing is ever easy.  "I know.  Look, I refuse to consider what it would mean to keep a child.  Our decision has already been made, what good would it do?  You, Sherlock, you are the most important thing in my life.  You
"Nevertheless, he is right about several legal points regarding our situation as a future family.  I just never stopped to think about it until now."
It's the eighth of May, Sherlock is reaching the thirty-third week of his pregnancy, and enjoying his fourth day as a "free man", as he likes to say.  The day before, one of Mycroft's lawyers had spent the afternoon with the both of them, explaining to Sherlock how to access his accounts, the amount of money Mycroft had invested, and all the legal changes the end of his pupil state will bring about.  Sherlock had known he couldn't get out of this one, he had to listen and remain attentive.  The fact that he's been though a little more than two hours of signing papers and discussing trust funds without showing any sign of exasperation and boredom is a little miracle in itself.  John had also listened, and discovered what he already suspected: Sherlock could basically live from his trust fund for five whole years. He's in no way "rich," but has the luxury to allow himself not to think about money too often.
Sherlock shuffles on his phone and hands it to John.  It is a picture of the dental prosthesis.  The diamond catches the crude light of the flash.
"For what?"
"Yes, you got me, I'm discovered,” John jokes, taking his hand.
John nods.  Surprising, Mycroft using his precious intellect for comfort (although it is ultimately not to have to deal with a hysterical fiancé), and providing exactly what John had needed, a psychological technique Ella would surely find useful.  Yes, the ever-surprising Mycroft Holmes, living in a world of-
As always with Sherlock, it generated from an accumulation of small stuff.  Should have seen it coming.  John knows that, after two whole weeks without a case, he's basically tip-toeing around a time bomb.  Sherlock's ennui and frustration have been growing steadily and reach the point where anything is a pretext to pick up a fight, with the first person that crosses his path.  Given John's status as flatmate and lover, well...  yeah.  John knows his patience with Sherlock puts people in awe.  He's been asked so many times: "how do you put up with him?" he would be stupid not to have realized it.
), and traces of non-lethal chemicals in the woman's hair, Sherlock is about to discover the identity of the mysterious mother.
"So, what is it?" Mrs Hudson asks, freezing on the threshold.
"I am not really afraid of the pain," he says, his voice soft, enough that John has to come close to understand each word.  "I am afraid of what it can do to me."
“John!”
"Incident?  You could have died in minutes," Sherlock replies, dead serious.  "Help me up."
"Ah ah, funny."
"What. The.  Hell.  Was that?"
"How's your head?" Sherlock asks, managing to type on his phone with his free hand at the same time.
"So, how do you-"
"You are turning into an expecting daddy cliché at an alarming rate," Sherlock replies, but John has learned to hear the smile he lets out through his words without seeing it.
Mycroft leans forward on his chair.  His eyes are dark and cold.  When he speaks next, it’s with a low, slow voice, articulating each word with perfect clarity.  “Of course, if you were, in any way,  to hurt Sherlock, the planet won’t be big enough for you to hide.  I am more powerful than you can imagine, Dr. Watson, and twice as dangerous as my brother.  Never forget that.”
"Don't say things like that," John protests.  "And look at me, please."
He had a plan, of course.  They had visited the three closest hospitals and looked at the birth register -each time, John had been the one dealing with the administrator and getting Scotland Yard on the phone for them to get the permission.  He doubted they would find anything, but Sherlock was pretty sure of himself.  And then, yes, they had found what they had been looking for at the last hospital; the record of a little girl whose birth corresponded to the window Sherlock had established, taking all the fact into account.  Her mother had registered under Camila Beeks, wife of Stephen Beeks.  Another Spanish woman had given birth in the first hospital they had visited, around the same time, but she had been registered as a legal immigrant ten years prior. Now, with the first name being the same as the one she had given to Laurie Afton, Sherlock -and John, to a point- had been certain he had found their unidentified woman's child and husband.  The baby had been called Sophie Alba Beeks.  Sherlock had read her name in a very soft, very low voice, completely oblivious, apparently, that he was rubbing his belly at the same time.
John smiles.  "Well, if I told you, it would just be boring, wouldn't it?"
"Well, obviously.  Most people are idiots, though.  They need rules, and norms because they are afraid to think by themselves."
Sherlock has more trouble speaking, which is a good thing, because John's dick is beginning to ache, the need to slide into Sherlock's tight passage getting urgent.  He's surprised when Sherlock moves them, silently asking for the position he wants.
John stands up and represses a yawn.  He nods at Greg who is in the middle of his usual monologue about calling him next time before scheduling a meeting with a bloody murderer with an inclination toward gutting his victims.
"Hey, Sherlock. I was just leav-"
John slides two gloved fingers covered in lube into Sherlock’s birth canal.  There is little resistance, since the muscles are already softening, getting ready for birth.  John tilts his fingers upward and pushes slowly, finding the uterus cervix almost immediately.  Sherlock is holding himself very tense.
Less than five minutes later, he's fast asleep.  His skin is a little too hot for John's liking but it will have to do.  Fever always goes up through the day, to reach its peak late in the night.
Mycroft is sitting on a kitchen bench near Sherlock’s head, comforting him, feeding him ice chips and wiping his face with a washcloth when Sherlock asks for it.  It’s fascinating to see how Mycroft easily manipulates Sherlock to keep him positive and in good spirits. He’ll cleverly direct the -admittedly short-conversations they have, kindly accepting being the focus for Sherlock’s feelings, even if it means being insulted and called names.  John might start to believe Mycroft really is the cleverest of them –or at least, a cleverer big brother.
John contemplates Sherlock, not even trying to follow the conversation - well, monologue.  His speech pattern is impressive, even for him, bordering manic.  Sherlock's mental list will be properly addressed later.  For the moment, John is content, even a little fond, to see him using one of his most frequent coping mechanism.  The verbal assault is reassuring, familiar for Sherlock.  John thinks of it as a way he has found to relieve his mind when it becomes too full. John nods when he thinks it's needed, then finishes washing the traces of soap off Sherlock's skin before they run out of hot water.
Lestrade keeps looking at a two-headed Sherlock.
"Maria here will set you up with an I.V., alright?  It's just in case."
Looking closer, John sees that Mycroft's lower lip is red and swollen, split in two.
Tears start to run down Beeks' pale cheeks.  He nods.
"Yes," Sherlock answers, his voice trembling.  "Please."
"It is different, John.  You cannot take my pain.  Or give birth to our child, for that matter," Sherlock adds with a miserable snort.  "Ten years ago, that is how I felt all the time, right before Mycroft had me put in solitary for a week, then in rehab."
"Redbeard?"
I hope this chapter was enjoyable.
John steps in front of the chair, tilting his head down.  Sherlock lifts his, still staring at him in complete perplexity. Careful to move slowly, John cups Sherlock's face, holding it delicately between his hands.  The skin is soft and warm.  John’s heartbeat picks up again, but this time, it’s not from nervousness.
"Sage Watson," he says almost reverently.
John begins to walk slowly, hands shoved in his pocket.  Sherlock catches up with him, looking pretty pleased with himself to have gotten  away with his digression so easily.  He takes a crunching bite out of a ginger nut biscuit.
He sleeps eight hours in a row that night, which must be some kind of personal record.
"We can’t do the second coat of paint right now, the first needs at least a couple more hours to dry.  It's sunny outside and my leg needs exercise.  Are you coming?"
Sherlock "awww's," staring at John with affection.  "Not to worry, to tell the truth I am quite relieved you were thrown out of the room since I was in the midst of a most humiliating panic attack.  I am afraid I made a deplorable impression on Amy, as I let out everything that was going through my brain without filter.  I would probably be upset right now if I wasn't given that medication for stress -which makes me feel incredibly good about myself, I have to admit."
Sherlock nods.
The real chapter will follow shortly.
"Apology accepted," John replies simply.
John, for himself, replays the whole visit in his head, and it suddenly the solution appears to him.  It was quite easy, come to think of it.  He's an idiot.
John has put so much thought into it that he's almost shaking with excitement when Sherlock drags himself out of the bedroom, hair mussed up and his blue robe hanging on one shoulder.  He goes straight for the bathroom without sparing John a look.  John, who stays immobile besides the couch, waiting with a stupid smile on his face.  He has a last minute panicked thought about the fabric he chose : dark brown corduroy instead of leather - the shop assistant had assured him it was the best choice, regarding comfort.
"Because you have the advantage," Sherlock had pointed out.
Chapter 4
“He’s ok.  I watch him closely,” John adds.
Yes, the wine has untied John’s tongue  He smiles at Mycroft.
"Sherlock, what would you do?  You've just said  you are not good with free time, and we've only been here for two weeks... Imagine, oh, I don't know, your entire existence?"
Sherlock is practically pleading, like he's convinced John cannot understand -something that, in the end, is so simple, so human.  This is how people end up having kids, after all, when logic and practicality fly out the window, replaced by dreams and desire, love and emotion.
Here’s the dilemma.  John has only two choices.  If he tries to make something up, Sherlock will figure out he’s lying and will quickly deduce what Mycroft wanted with John so soon after his own drunk confession. Then, well... there really is no way of knowing how he will react.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  "Sage."
"You can still change your mind, you know," he says cautiously.  "No one will judge you if you-"
"What do you mean, nope?
"Two hours, thirty-seven minutes.  That is the longest you've been gone when you're mad at me -that is, since we’ve been together," Sherlock states in a low, rapid voice.  "I believe fourteen hours means something more serious is going on."
John shakes his head.  He had been almost certain he wouldn't be able to feel it, just as Sherlock said; it is still pretty early, and besides, he isn't disappointed.  He just has to look at Sherlock's face to feel the same excitement.  Sherlock is blushing red, looking adorably confused.
All John wants is to curl around Sherlock and succumb to sleep himself, but there is work to do, and besides, he’s not cruel enough to wake Sherlock up and drag him to their bedroom - the chances he would find sleep again are too slim.  With a groan, John stretches, then goes to work.
Sherlock’s face.  This should be John’s point of focus.  What is wrong?  What did he say?
"Well, that isn't heartbreaking at all," John murmurs.
When they reach the hospital, John is granted a brief moment of clarity, a moment where he can
"Good?" John asks.
John watches in fascination, feeling the swelling progressing, tightening the delicate, sensitive skin.  It's an amazing sensation, an empowering one.  Sherlock's cock is so fucking pretty. While John's cock, when erected, takes an angry red tint, becoming almost purple if they make it last, Sherlock's one is a lovely shade of pink that turns barely a shade darker, cherry red, when he's been leaking for a few minutes.  But enough, John's mouth waters, and he gets down to business.
Following the shot, for a fraction of a second there is absolute silence, and that moment seems to last forever, frozen in its own time.
Sherlock hits a small pebble with his foot, like a recalcitrant kid.  "I actually am thinking of rearranging the whole place," he mumbles.
John helps him up.  Sherlock doesn’t let go of his hand when he’s done, though.
"I want to make you feel good, Sherlock.  I want to take your pain away, too.  Let me..."
“Typical,” he murmurs at the room which seems to sigh in sympathy.
Nightmares aren't the only particularity of Sherlock's sleeping patterns when he lets his body rest out of exhaustion.  He will often talk in his sleep.  John once had a whole conversation with him, about, of all things, where the best place is in London to buy chips from a food van.  It is so funny, and also a little adorable, Sherlock's voice slow and lisping when he does it.  Also, it is a guilty pleasure of John’s to tell him about it the next morning, because Sherlock never remembers.  He'll get red in the face and always look for a logical explanation as to why his subconscious has latched onto the given matter.
(Which would have sounded incredibly insensitive in any other circumstance, but when you work on solving crime, you get all new measures for inappropriate jokes.  Hence John's frank laugh at the poor D.I.’s confession).
Except well, this time, he hasn't got a clue.
Harriet's fear of rejection is pouring out of each word, and that's it.  John cannot deal with this right now.  It's too much, he doesn't have the energy.  His involuntary silence does speak for itself.  John doesn't even know what he wants, but there have been so many broken promises, so many missed meetings, deception, and...
"Come here, you," she orders, and, very obediently, Sherlock does, letting her get away with a hug and a kiss.
“How are you feeling, John?” Sherlock asks, sitting very carefully.
"Yes.  John," Sherlock moans, his pink cock releasing another blob of pre-come while his anal walls clench, so much wetness there too that there is a nasty but somehow sexy squelching noise each time he moves.
"Oh.  Shut up.  There is only that much embarrassment I can take in one day," Sherlock mumbles.
"Trust me, Sherlock, if you had told me something like that I would remember.  Plus, it's not like you never speak to me when I am not actually there and you forget.”
John would like to do it, to look Sherlock in the eyes and swear he'll stay alive and safe and close.  For as long as Sherlock needs it.  It would be a lie, though.  If there is anything he learned yesterday evening, it’s that life has a way to tip over, and that a couple of seconds are sometimes enough to make you stumble and fall.
"A person's brain makes up a spatial representation of oneself, based on the knowledge of its own body, of course, but also mirror reflections and photographs.  Now, when there is a change that is gradual, even if said person-"
He can’t even think about it.
Sherlock is staring at the wall, working hard not to look at John, his chin high and his expression disdainful.  Except... the way he blinks is like he wants to hold back tears, and his chest rises quickly, unevenly.
Or the morphine is transforming John into a sap. Could be.
In the bathroom, John helps Sherlock wash and change into a new set of clothes –those in the hospital bag, Sherlock insists –he had picked them himself, for the day he would go into labour.  It doesn’t surprise John: they are his most comfortable, with the softest fabric.  Sherlock has always been overly sensitive, and a rough shirt can, according to him “prevent him from thinking.”
“Wuh-why two in a r-ruuh-row?  Is it nuh-normal?  I can’t remember, I can’t, John.”
Mycroft.  John should call him.  He is barely
Which is why John freezes in surprise when Sherlock, instead of readying himself for the physical assault, starts backing off, both of his arms wrapped around his stomach.
I don't want to give spoilers, so hum... warnings for the case being a sad one?  Seriously, it is always a struggle for me to "get" everything that can be "triggery" for people.  I am going to go with a quote I read on tumblr after someone complained to a fanfic author about not having been careful to "trigger-warning" everything in her story : "internet is not a safe place, and my story is my intellectual property.  Authors write first for themselves, or else they wouldn't enjoy writing. "
John's mind makes a strange association, bringing back to the surface the other matter that makes him so exasperated with Mycroft.  Today is not the time to discuss it.  Nevertheless, he cannot help himself.
John stops him easily enough by shoving his tongue in his welcoming, wet mouth.
It is difficult to hold both roles.
"Six pounds is good.  But seriously, Sherlock, how did you-"
Sherlock nods, grabbing John's uncertain hand and placing it under his own.  "She kicked," he whispers, as if his voice could disturb the baby.
::: :::
“But it’s not all bad, right?  You never stopped taking care of him.”
And okay, John didn't think it was possible to lose an erection when so close to coming, but apparently, Sherlock's declaration does it.
"Has Lestrade contacted you recently?"
Nevertheless, the need for a new couch has been essential.  John and Sherlock had talked about the mechanics of his strict bed rest, and how to make it easier on him.  John, who had studied sleep disorder back at uni, just before he enrolled in the army, has a certain knowledge of the importance of a circadian rhythm for the human body to be able to rest.  Sherlock's sleep patterns are fragile and irregular on the best days.  It was necessary to find another place for him to rest during the day, because his brain needs to keep associating their bed with a night of sleep.  It is one of the first pieces of advice you give someone with insomnia : do not stay in bed for hours while you are awake, because it will lose its psychosomatic power over your mind.  Sherlock would also have the impression of leading a more normal life, spending his days in the living room, where there would surely be more action than in the silence of their bedroom.  The couch was the solution.  Except, for Sherlock to be as comfortable as possible, they needed a new, more comfortable and larger one.  Sherlock had protested at first: he doesn't like change in his immediate environment.  It affects him more than he will admit, John knows it.
The smile dancing on his lips, though, is affectionate.  So John kisses him and threatens not to play with his hair if he keeps mocking his intelligence.  And while he does untangle Sherlock's messy curls as the storm is raging outside, he really tries to think of ways to help Sherlock.  He is pleasantly surprised by the outcome of the conversation.  He feels Sherlock's relief practically radiating through his skin.  If simply speaking of what makes him so anxious has that formidable effect, John might not be completely useless at helping him further.
("There are no facts, no certainties, love.  That's part of what makes loving someone so unnerving, but also fantastic, in my opinion.  Anyway, I'm not interested in a Sherlock that would follow some equation instead of just go with what his gut tells him. This is way more interesting."
It lasts all but ten seconds, maybe less, when a knock on the side of the opened door and Greg Lestrade's awkward: "should I come back later?" has John opening his eyes with great regret.  He at least tries to put some enthusiasm in his voice, welcoming the inspector in and lowering the drug dosage as discreetly as he can.  Greg nods and drags a chair close to his bed.  There is another uneasy moment where John thanks him for saving his life and Greg tries to dismiss it, as if speaking of feelings between two blokes cannot be done without a heavy dose of repressed machismo.
"Sorry, love.  Didn't forget any of your pills this week?"
John also buys a new couch, with some regret because the old, comfortable couch holds many memories of his and Sherlock’s blooming relationship.  It's on this couch Sherlock had admitted his inexperience, and had reacted so beautifully to John bringing him to orgasm for the first time.  It's on this couch that they have spent so many evenings, with Sherlock lying down, his head on John's lap, having his hair played with : there, on the used cushions, John had discovered what a tactile person he was, and how much he must have been starving for human touch that he now never seemed to have enough.
"But can't... the ruling, or whatever it is called, can't it be revised?  Sherlock, you
Lestrade gives him a surprised look and leaves them both, walking toward the gathering of cops and experts.
"What?" John laughs, taking the phone from Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock, after a false start that has John catch his waist before he lands back on the couch, makes his way slowly, in that adorable -in John's opinion, at least- slightly waddled gait that is now his.  "It is barely worth of mentioning.  I have not become a better person.  I am forced to consider that my life goes on par with our daughter's," he dismisses it, opening the fridge.  "My own life does not belong to me, John, that is what I learned, if you want honesty.  Wasn't there some Chinese leftover?”
"Oh."
"What are you, five?  My god, Sherlock, grow up, we're supposed to learn something."
Sherlock has fallen asleep, and John, can't stay awake any longer, even it means he has to stop looking at his relaxed silhouette.  The call of sleep is too urgent and strong.
He stands up and get rids of his shirt and vest so quickly he stumbles and would have fallen down if he hadn't leaned against the wall.  "That is why Mycroft had Anthea bringing me a change of clothes.  I have to admit I wasn't thinking very clearly because I had yet to hear any news from your state."
John would take all the inconveniences just to feel the rush of adrenaline that came with Sherlock’s work, all the aspects of it.   He tried not to bother for the fact that he had been from the start sexually attracted by Sherlock.  Who wouldn’t be attracted by the too pale skin surrounded by those dark curls, the ridiculously plump lips, the eyes - piercing, stunning.  And those cheekbones... John thinks he likes Sherlock's elegance even more than his delicate, lovely features, though; he moves his long, thin body with a grace that’s almost otherworldly, wearing those stupidly expensive clothes which he likes fitting,
"I had no idea someone older than eighteen could become ward of the state.  This is... messed up, Sherlock."
No baby-shower.  John had sent an email to everyone they knew to make sure they understood he was being serious, suggesting instead how lovely it would be to receive their congratulations through the mail –because it would have been cruel to not give their friends and family at least one chance to celebrate Sage’s arrival.
"It is yours," John corrects, opening the bed.
There was that one evening he started hiccupping and couldn't get rid of it. He was actually embarrassed to hiccup in front of John, even more embarrassed when he declared he knew the scientific way to stop it and it failed miserably.  And then John, who by that point was as enamoured by Sherlock's shyness as much as he felt sorry for him, had discovered something else.  Almost an hour after the hiccupping had started, it was still going on, and Sherlock went from pissed to anxious in a matter of minutes.  The fear of losing control, of being rid of it, is almost a phobia for Sherlock.  He had needed to be coaxed into taking a hot bath with John and even then, it took several minutes of snuggling and murmuring nonsense before Sherlock finally calmed down.  With it, the hiccups went away.
...And instead, John keeps it inside and nods.  "Of course."  He won't interfere, he doesn't have to.  Logically, he knows Louisa is perfectly capable of handling her sick son.  It's just... selfishly, it's his job to take care of Sherlock.
Chapter 1
And what about Moriarty?
"But you were in pain."
And there it is, the hysterical laughter.  Sherlock has the politeness to ignore it.  He stares at John with a soft, warm expression.
There hadn't been any fight about deciding if they wanted to know the sex or not.  John likes to be prepared -another soldier trait that has followed him afterwards- and for Sherlock, it was the most logical option.
"Yes, I did."
John puts his cup down and looks at Sherlock until the younger man feels his gaze on him and lifts his head.
"So, a simple logical equation, right?" John cannot hide the smile in his voice.
That won't do.  John grabs Sherlock's arm and pulls until he doesn't have any other choice than to sit/fall on his lap.  He still pouts but settles himself comfortably, his long legs stretched on one side, his upper body pressed against John's chest, waiting for John to wrap an arm around his back, which he does.
"You are right, we need to talk," John goes on, feeling Sherlock is giving him his full attention. “Let me reassure you, first. Pregnancy termination is a safe, minor intervention.  We'll find a doctor and a clinic according to your standards and preferably hidden from your nosy brother. I won't leave you, okay?  Not for one second."
"I know."
daughter after all.
"You're beautiful, Sherlock, you know that?  You're fucking amazing, and taking me so good.  Look at me love.  Come on, I know you can do it."
Sherlock constantly puts himself in danger, whether facing criminals and dangerous situations, or by simply neglecting his most basic needs.  John can't possibly ask him to stop everything because he's carrying a child, but damn it, he's not a clerk, he's the world's only consulting detective.  John is constantly looking out for him because Sherlock, even though he has made progress ever since they started their relationship, has come to rely on him, and it's a shared fault.  They work so well together, but the balance has now shifted, they need to rethink everything.
"What condition?" Sherlock asks, well on his way to a complete breakdown.
Sure.  Except Sherlock doesn't do that.  Sherlock.  Who doesn't see but observe, doesn't hear but listen.  He had to know.  Which means...he did it intentionally. It is not only out of character but inexplicable.
"Yes, right, you just want to get into my pants," Sherlock jokes ponderously, but John is ready to give him a break.
"Well, I figured there are two possibilities right now: or he already knows and has, for some reason, decided not to address the matter directly with us, or he will know as soon as he sees me... give or take a few seconds."
Sherlock smirks and points at the ceiling where, John hadn't noticed, mistletoe is suspended.
There is something in his voice, a caution, as if he's onto something he doesn't especially like.  He turns his head toward John, revealing how pale his face has become.  "A little help?"
“Sherlock, slow down, you -“
"John. The dog has been dead for fifteen years.  Let's not."
"I can still do that, good. I love to do that during sex."
Sherlock elbows John in the ribs with all the strength of a kitten. He yawns and settles comfortably, grabbing John's hand on his belly and holding it there, trapped in his own.  This time, when he blinks, it seems his eyelids remain closed. Good.
John's hope that the Sussex Vampire case would give Sherlock enough investigation material for two weeks dies down after Molly leaves the flat just before supper on the fourth day of Sherlock's confinement.   She had spent several hours working with Sherlock on identifying the toxic substance found on the body, without success.  Sherlock sends her back to Bart's lab with a whole spreadsheet of more in-depth tests to try on the specimen, some of which involving a chromatograph and a two-week waiting period.  One of Sherlock's unfinished thesis (amongst more than twenty different ones) does specialise in the chemistry of rare toxins and their use in non-traditional medicine, so it is no surprise to have him speak of complicated methods of analysis even Molly had never heard of before.
"Oh hell.  Sorry, Harry.  I'm just... tired."
“Good.  You haven’t eaten a lot this week.”
“Well, one of us at the least has to prove mummy her education wasn’t a complete waste.”
John sits up and bends forward to watch Sherlock's pouting face; he wants to be certain he will listen.
The distance between his fingers has changed from last time, he can tell that much, and when he pulls them back and check with the rule, he finds Sherlock is nine centimetres dilated.
"Then go, we are not attached to the hip, John, we still are two separates individuals.  You tend to forget it."
"Don't do that... stay with me."
"What are you talking about?  Surely you do not mean to go back, after tonight's disaster."
"I'm bored."
The discussion planned for the second hour of the class starts slowly, awkwardly, with the nurse needing to ask a question specifically to one participant if she wants an answer.  It is not long, though, before it becomes animated, everyone giving their opinion of the various methods to relieve pain, and sharing personal stories of a step-sister who used laughing gas and became covered in red blisters (allergic reaction, probably), or that article in the journal from five years ago about the dangers of hypnotism (there aren't any). Sherlock does not participate, but he seems to really listen.  John tries to be the spokesperson of their couple, whenever Marcie throws a question in their direction.  Of course, after a while, the subject shifts slightly, going from generalities to more personal experiences, as if ten minutes of speaking to each other has made all of them close friends.  A delicate blond with the voice of a mouse reveals that she had witnessed the birth of her brother when she was five.  Her parents thought it would be a great experience for her but on the contrary, she remained terrified years after the fact, remembering he mother's shrilling cries and what she describes as a gush of blood spatter from her vagina "like in horror movies."  Today, she's still terribly afraid of being in pain and reliving what her mother went through, adding with a nervous snort that she would very much like to be asleep for the whole process.
"Alright, ok, thank you Mycroft, I cannot-"
John sighs and wraps an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.  “I prefer my overly romanticised version.”
John shakes his head, unable to speak.
, of course- seems a bit extreme, even from Sherlock.
Sherlock wraps his blue gown around himself and walks straight past John, into the kitchen, where he begins to collect the several small strands of the creamy-coloured wool torn from John's jumper.  He shoves them in John's hands and crosses his arms.
“Ok... It’s coming... God it’s...”
"Of course, maybe I just didn't notice since you don't make a sound."
Sherlock sits back. The trembling in his hands hasn't receded -if anything, it's even more pronounced.
"We should go and have a shower," he proposes.
Sherlock has barely taken his eyes off his daughter since her birth, even while pushing the placenta out, and being submitted to John’s constant examinations.  He has the look he gets when he examines something fascinating, let it be footprints or chemical reactions. John knows he is taking in every single centimetre of their daughter’s skin, every shade of the few auburn hairs sticking up the top of her head, and her scent, and every tiny noise she makes, her fingers and toes, and so many more characteristics, categorizing all of it in his mind palace where he must have built a whole new wing just for her.  He doesn’t smile, or interact with her out loud, but John knows better than to question Sherlock’s love.  That is how his brain works, that is how much dedication he already has for Sage, using all his mental capacities to learn her.
"As you say so often: don't be so dense.  You know what I mean.  That may be a disadvantage, but in another way, like I've said, it's bloody liberating.  So, I know it frustrates you, and trust me Sherlock, I'm doing everything I can to help, but I like the way things are.  And the way you are.  Fuck, I'm so far gone for you, just as you are."
"You mean... for good?  You want to stop being a detective forever?"  John shakes his head.  "Sherlock, it doesn't make sense.  You love your work."
Lestrade's call, on day three, is more than welcome.
, John, you do remember what a case is?  Crime scene, Lestrade is out of his depth.  He's sending a car for us."
Part 5 : Immersion
"What are you doing... ? Aow!  Stop it, John!" Sherlock sits up, securing his feet away from John.
"Tea?" John feels the need to propose, the comforting side of his profession shifting into gear.
("No, you wally. I run faster so you won't do something stupid and get killed," John had replied once, after Sherlock effectively did something stupid that almost got him killed.)
"There you go," John moans, but then, his impending orgasm comes to a halt when he realises Sherlock hasn't come, despite all the signs.  His penis is still weeping, still swollen and pink, and the familiar clench of his inner walls has yet to happen.
I am a nurse, and I give a lot of details when I write about ilnesses and hospital scenes. Even for a mpreg AU, I try to make those scenes as realistic as possible.
"Where did you hide that?"
"I missed you today," John admits.
"What?"
"That's not how it works, Sherlock," John explains.  He tries to catch his lover's eyes, but they are fixed on an empty space behind his shoulders, it seems.  "We fight, sometimes, it's normal.  And then we fix it and we go on.  Like everybody."
Cryptic.  John waits for the follow-up.  It doesn't come.
"With my carrier status and the still ongoing discrepancies in civil law, we would be better protected, legally, as well as our child, if we were in a recognized union, and although unmarried couples benefit from most of the same advantages, it can get tricky, if something were to happen.  I can go into the details, if you want, but the principal beneficiary of our legal union would be the child, and its need being preserved whatever happens to us, or between us.  I do not mean by that that I think something could go wrong, neither do I feel like bringing up issues that will probably never-"
He blinks. It’s hard to open his eyes, but then, it’s worth it, because all he can see is Sherlock.  His face is inches away from John’s, his long dark curls dripping wet on John’s face, some of them plastered on his pale skin.  His nose is bleeding, a steady flow mixed with water, but his eyes are clear and aware.
"So it all boils down to this, your fear of dying and suffering, of something going wrong, of complications.  It is all about the birth and the baby."
Sherlock Holmes is a very socially awkward man with a genius mind.  He has
Mycroft is looking down his mobile, sighing.  "Are we done?  Not that I do not enjoy watching you drooling all over the place, but it seems someone in Colorado, U.S.A, has just done something incredibly stupid and dangerous.  I am needed."
“John! Supper!” Sherlock calls.
He finishes the piece with a little smirk on his face.
And here they are, absolute beginners, an ex-soldier turned blogger for a mad genius solving crimes, who found themselves insanely in love with each other, now about to have a child, like the most bizarre romantic comedy ever.
"Press... harder," he tells Sherlock.
"Never heard it before."
"Hey, Sherlock?  Don't do that, please.  You know I don't care how often or not we fuck."
"Okay, then."
"Femoral... artery..." he pants, annoyed at the weakness of his voice, "pressure on... bleeding too fast..."
.  There is no soldier seated in the backseat.  Only Sherlock, draped in his coat, holding a small bundle of yellow blanket expertly, smiling down at it and hushing it softly.
Sherlock catches John's look in the mirror, wearing a tiny, playful smile that somehow makes dimples appear in the crease of his cheeks. "You are not," he confirms.  “So we'll have to put it entirely on your blind adoration."
Back to John standing at the bottom of the stairs, still postponing his entry for no reason at all.
“No it’s... Oh.  My god.  John, the pressure, down there.  Oh.... it’s... I can feel the pressure, god...”
On the sixth of April, it seems like the rain is finally going to give them a break, and it is also the day Sherlock's mood changes.  He's up before John early in the morning, taking a shower that seems to last for an hour.  When John meets him in the bathroom, he finds him naked still, his body glistening with water droplets, staring at his reflection in the mirror. He catches John’s sleepy eyes squinting at him and closes his, taking a deep, loud breath.
"It is," Sherlock agrees in a somewhat surprised voice, stopping right in the middle of pulling John's jumper off.
They take the path behind the house leading to a small park almost deserted on Christmas day.  Sherlock, who hasn't let go of John's hand since they left the house, looks around, breathing deeply, seemingly happy to feel better and to get a little exercise.  Solving crime from his flat hasn't been much fun, and John lying to Lestrade about a persistent flu virus,  hadn't been either.
.  It has to count for something."
They’ve been driving for ten minutes and Sherlock hasn’t uttered a word, except to warn John he was having another contraction.  So far, they are six minutes apart, which is, admittedly, a bit fast for a labour that’s just starting. It does happen that the water breaking kick-starts the labour into high gear, but it is also possible Sherlock has missed the first wave of contractions.  The whole escaped-prisoner episode must have been stressing him more than he let on; once the stress had gone, he’d been able to sleep longer than he had in weeks.  His body must have taken over his mind, to gather some energy for the upcoming labour and delivery.
As it turns out, Sherlock does let John have his way -not only that, but he seems to enjoy the attention immensely.  He takes his medication, sleeps, eats whatever John prepares for him, and doesn't answer his phone.  A cold is hardly something serious, though, so Sherlock needs to be entertained.  There is a lot of bad telly involved, and board games, and, also, well...sex.
John casts one last look at his jumper and storms out of the apartment.  He needs a bit of air.  He hates being angry at Sherlock, hates how their fights always seem to have a ridiculous aspect to them.
John tries to calm himself down.  He won't get anything through to Sherlock if he gets as upset as him.  "It only makes you who you are.  I would never, ever ask you to give up your work for me."
Sherlock still seems to be in shock, unable to stop blinking.  John stretches his arm and caresses his belly, pressing softly under his navel.  “That’s where she is,” he explains.  “She’s already engaged.  This is excellent news, as far as delivery goes.  It means she hasn’t shifted position at the last moment, and that she’s already done some of the work ahead of the pushing phase.”
"Do we really have to talk about it?" Sherlock asks, giving John a pleading look.
"You're afraid he went to get a fix."
"John, please," Sherlock pleads, and a tear slides down his nose to land on John's upper lip.  He licks it.
He crouches and lifts a strand of ebony curls.  Sherlock breathes deep and long, his eyes scrunched tight.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
Sherlock shakes his head. "I would prefer if we could start right away, while my belly is still quite modest and I am not incapacitated.  There is a lot."
"Now you both shut up," Green states, and it's John's turn to roll his eyes.  He can guess, in the woman's tone, how sure she is of herself, and her upper hand in the fight.  He's sorry, in a way, because she has no idea who she's facing.  Psychopaths can't accept - can't even consider, as a matter of fact - that there are indeed some people wiser than them.  It's against their often megalomaniac nature.
There is no solution.  John cannot deny he's as addicted to Sherlock's Work as Sherlock is.  It would be easier if they weren't each other's entire universe, because the fear of losing the other is always there, hovering around their heads.  And now, they have a baby on the way, which of course only complicates the issue.
"Bees. You did notice I have a certain... fascination with them."
Sherlock seems surprised by John's answer.  He was evidently preparing for a negative one.  It seems to trigger a wave of self-doubt, which he hardly hides, as both of his hands reach for his stomach, cupping it almost wholly, stretching his fingers.
"Thank you," John murmurs, quite proud of his successful effort to speak.
“Tell you... What?  Look, if this is about Sherlock-“
He should never, ever forget how difficult it is for Sherlock to understand everything related to their relationship.  Sometimes things appear so evident to him he doesn't even think it could be a problem for Sherlock.  He gave himself to John, whole and raw, like he never gave himself to anyone before, because he
"Sometimes you downright scare me."
“I...” Sherlock seems to be unable to speak.  He shakes his head again, wraps his arms around John’s waist and holds him close, pressing his head against his stomach.  John is in an awkward position, his legs slightly bent, his upper body tilted forward, and only the feet of the chair offer support so that he doesn’t fall over Sherlock.  He manages nevertheless to hold himself still, one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders, the other busy, his hand reaching for Sherlock’s hair once more, caressing the messy strands as his fingers untangle them.
Sherlock is frowning and observing him attentively, with that pale blue piercing gaze that can learn and deduce so many things, emotions as well as intentions.  Lies.  He is wondering if it is an act.  If John’s calm is artificial, a display for show.  The frown disappears after a second, replaced by perplexity.
.Mycroft stares at John with an expression of complete surprise.
"I will never
Sherlock nods, lifting his head to look at John.  He seems unsure and hesitant.  John waits patiently for what he's almost sure is going to come next.
::: :::
Sherlock smiles.  "I have to admit it is quite refreshing being the reasonable one, for once.  Let me reassure you, John, I will make the experience as pleasant as possible."
"You."
“Of course you can, little bee,” Mycroft tells him with a hint of brotherly indulgence.
"Stop, you are staring, and I know you think the moonlight suits me," Sherlock whispers, staring straight ahead.
"No, I would have," he adds, still smiling.  "I have my ways to get you to listen to me, you git.  I am not Mycroft."
"John, I'm hungry, let's stop."
“I see no problems with it.”
"Well, that time you punched me in the stomach because I had dared to speak during a BBC documentary was the first clue," John jokes, remembering it with fondness.
"I'm not holding you back," Sherlock dismisses him without a look.  He turns toward John.  "Is this really incredible present a pretence to keep me down here as often as possible?"
Sherlock's eyes did seem a little glassy before they left, almost...  feverish.  Sherlock doesn't usually catch bugs like everyone else, and it had surprised John at first, because someone who doesn't take care of his health is more susceptible to common infections.  He had asked once, and Sherlock had begun to explain how some years ago, he had immunized himself against the most common illnesses, because being sick altered his thought process. John had told him to shut up, horrified, when Sherlock explained how he had infected himself, again and again, thorough a very hazardous process that could have led to his death.  It angers John that Sherlock has so little respect for his own life.  It always stays in the back of his mind, bringing him back again and again, to the first case they'd work together -John killing a man for that mad and insufferable detective whom -he had always known- had been ready to die just to prove a point.
Something completely unexpected happens. Laura McMasters doesn't turn left, or right.  She stops, makes a 180-degree pivot and...
"Think we could take it home?" John asks, running his hand on the fabric.
Sherlock shakes his head.  "No.  I intend to make the most of our free time.  We'll have to go back to London, eventually."
"I get it."
"Yes, but-"
And Sherlock, obediently, does.
"I highly doubt it," Sherlock says after a few seconds of what seems intense thinking.
There it is, the knot in John's stomach, the swelling in his throat.  He should try to compose himself, but instead offers the window to his feelings for Sherlock to see, to have him realize he is not the only one choked up on sentiment right now.
So John does.  And as he takes Sherlock’s hand, a deep, deep calm falls over him.  His mind is clear, silent.
"And you are ok with it?"
Sherlock sighs and stares at John, searching for something he cannot figure out.  Soon enough, though, the rolling table is out of the way, John's bedrail is lowered, and Sherlock sits by his side.  He bends forward and stares at John, still with intensity and concentration.  Then, softly, very softly, he kisses him.  Light, quick brushes of his lips, first on his forehead, then on his nose, and cheeks, and finally on his mouth.  John cannot help the relieved sigh he lets out. He feels so good with Sherlock close to him, safe and warm and... present. Having Sherlock's complete attention is a bit like being illuminated by the sun, its brightness and warmth.  It is only when it stops that you realise how cold and lonely you are without it.
Sherlock nods.  His expression softens.  "Yes, I have noticed."
"Why not?"
Sherlock sighs and pushes back against John, silently asking if they should keep going.  John pushes, squeezing Sherlock's cock in the same time, and they are moving again.  With more intent, as if there still had been a distance between them Sherlock needed to clear before giving himself to John completely.  It's not long before he begins panting rhythmically, and his body gets covered in sweat.  His deep, rumbling voice softens, gets higher.  Sherlock's pleads and moans are needy little things, each of them getting John there.  He groans, grabs a handful of Sherlock's hair, and moves faster.  Each time his glans catches into Sherlock's rim, he could easily push in, but resisting is part of what makes it so exciting.
“Mhm.”
Sherlock snorts.
"Yes, I’d like brunch," Sherlock agrees.  "Do you need some...
"Yes."
"What are you doing, give it back to me," he orders, stretching his hand.
Oh.  Yes.  Mediocre bladder performance.
"Oh Jesus, I am coming, stop harassing me," Sherlock exclaims dramatically.
“I don’t know, I just woke up and it was already out.
"No," he says softly.  "Like the man you have so much trouble loving."
"Mmh," Sherlock says, leaving the matter to rest.  He settles back on John's chest.  "Hearing your heart beat is very reassuring."
"I will be going then," Mycroft says, tightening his coat around himself.  When he gets in the weak light of the moon, John sees that he's wearing jeans and a thick leather coat.  It is so unusual it cuts John's breath short in his throat.  It's like Mycroft is playing dress up.  He doesn't even have his umbrella with him.
John doesn't bite.  "As if you could."
It makes John shiver.  After the first time he had found Sherlock completely high (on a mix of morphine, cocaine and ketamine that could have very well killed him) and got out of him that it did happen on a more or less regular basis, he had made his absolute priority of getting him off the drugs, for good.  And it had worked, but John doesn't lie to himself; an addict will always remain an addict, even after years of abstinence.  Accepting to share Sherlock's life, as a friend, is to accept that the watching over him will never stop, and the crawling fear will remain at the back of his mind like a ghost companion.  John hasn't told anyone about this, but he has brought back from the surgery everything he would need if he ever found Sherlock over dosing.  Every three months, he goes over his emergency kit, to be sure the drugs haven't expired and Sherlock hasn't messed with it, because well, he must know.  That is the man who ordered John's birth certificate to learn what the "H" in his name stood for.
And it is lovely, but John doesn't want Sherlock to tire himself too much.  It's another ten minutes before he gently but surely leads the way back to the house.  Sherlock doesn't seem to mind, or doesn't realise, caught up in his own mind -well, at least it's what's John thinks until Sherlock stops him near the tall oak three at the end of the backyard.  He crouches and uncovers from under the fallen leaves a small rock mosaic.  John understand immediately what it is.
Without thinking, John parts the plump cheeks with one hand and slides a finger down Sherlock’s arse crack.  It's not only wet there but dripping, enough for John's finger to be coated in a liquid a little thicker than water, and so warm.  He knows what he's looking for now, so he let his finger brush over Sherlock's arsehole, feeling the small fluttering muscles trembling and tender, the source of the wetness that escapes it with each spasm that goes through it.
John considers what he now holds, which is a disembodied plastic head.  Sherlock has the rest of the body dangling from a foot in his right hand.
John decides to go easy on him.
John sees what has gotten him in that peculiar position, as a dark stain blooms under his crotch and quickly spreads to the inside of his legs.
A few minutes later, John follows Sherlock in the sitting room and helps him settle on the sofa close to the fire. It’s been Sherlock favourite place to rest since they had arrived, because of the way it is shaped, like a Victorian settee, or a chaise-longue, with a tall armrest to one side and completely opened on the other.  Sherlock can stretch his legs without feeling trapped, and the armrest is high enough that he can lie down in a half-sitting position, which does wonder for his gastric reflux.
And he can't even tell which one, whether it’s Sherlock or himself, he's addressing.
True to his word, Sherlock allows himself to be as lazy as he wants, but it doesn’t mean he is completely inactive. If he doesn’t touch anything related to the Work, he plays a lot of violin, and composes, too.  He admits to John he wants to transmit his love of music to their daughter, the sooner the better.  Music is important in his life.  It should be important for Sage too.
"I am... what, my bum?  Is this about sex?" Sherlock is back to outrage, staring at John with all the indignation he can gather.
John can easily imagine a tiny head of curls, babbling and laughing.  He wonders if he would have been able to do so when Sherlock was still his new mad sociopathic friend.  Probably not.
Sherlock is aroused and doesn't quite know how to deal with it.  It is funny, how sometimes he's perfectly alright with proposing sex just as one would do with a cup of tea, while other happenstances see him blushing and stuttering as if he's still a virgin.  John has come to understand these moods when they happen.  Because right now, what Sherlock wants is for John to take control, freeing him of any decision making, telling him what to do, so that Sherlock is able, for a little while, to shut his mind down.
Dr. Brown is still speaking, giving away information and advice as if they are candy, reminding him to schedule another appointment, and not to forget to wait for the nurse to take the necessary blood sample before they leave.  John nods, a tad dizzy, impatient to be left alone with Sherlock.
He keeps his hand there, Sherlock, trapping John's fingers with his.  He looks at the ceiling, breathing slowly, through his nose and out of his mouth.  Fighting the onslaught of emotions.
"Yes."
“You should have seen him, speaking about...
“SHERLOCK,” John repeats firmly.
Sherlock nods and takes a few hiccuping breaths.  He relaxes his mouth to stop the chattering and looks up at John.  His eyes are wide and pale.
“Yes, really.  If you want to wait a little you can close the cottage.   If you’re following us, we’ll leave in ten minutes.”
::: :::
(It is one of the cold cases Sherlock goes back to more frequently.  More than ten years old, it implies a negligent inspector, a strange message on a voice mail and an unidentified body missing its head, showing signs of poisoning despite the important state of decay of the corpse.)
“Oh, it is more convenient to just wait for you.  I will occupy myself until then.”
"That ugly thing doesn't deserve my attention, you do it," Sherlock declares with all the ill will he is capable of.
The inhalotherapist is still at Sherlock's bedside, watching his oxygen saturation level while he receives bronchodilatator medication through nebulisation, which means another mask hiding his face.  His eyes are barely open.  John stays at the foot of the bed and waves at him.
To his surprise, they do.
“It is very strange to see my brother in this current predicament,” Mycroft whispers, just behind John, startling him. “The imperfection of the human brain, I suppose, but I have difficulties imagining him other than heavily pregnant.  It has changed him.  A lot more than I thought it would.”
In the end, of course, it was much ado about nothing.  Late this morning, Peter Blair had been arrested when he tried to break into his brother’s flat.  He’d been half starved, dirty, still wearing the prison uniform.  He’d been hiding under a bridge for the past days.
Sometimes, John will feel Sherlock looking at him, and when he looks back, his friend is quick to lower his eyes, a pink colour tinting his cheeks.  It is strange, because Sherlock has never been shy about observing John openly, sometimes for long minutes, until John would give in and ask if he had something on his face, to which Sherlock would reply that he was to which Sherlock would reply that he was simply trying to follow John's chain of thought.  Not anymore.  Sherlock watches John when he thinks John doesn't notice, and stays quiet.
Count on Sherlock to do things his way.
"That's my good boy."
He ends the call with Greg Lestrade and lets John help him into the back of the cab, twisting his belly to the side and cursing his "traitor of a transport".  Once he's seated, he slides his own phone in his pocket and keeps John's one, dragging his finger on the screen a couple of times.
"Yes, I do like it," Sherlock's voice rumbles as he arranges his scarf.
"I wonder," Sherlock is saying while John is busy sucking at a peaked nipple.  "I wonder why is it that my stamina seems to be... oh... oh John, yes it's lovely don't stop... completely unperturbed by my cold, usually sickness should do the contrary... and... huh... oh!"
Sherlock walks past him and grabs his coat from the floor.
John doesn't know why Sherlock is getting disturbed by the conversation, and to be honest, his refusal to understand how earning money works for most people is starting to get on John's nerves.
He could be speaking about his physical health or his emotional state, but knowing which doesn't matter.  John presses his hand.  "I'm sure it will."
This is most probably behind them now.  All Sherlock needs to do is to build up his strength. His attitude in the car today is so much
"Stay here," he says softly.  "I'll get you some water and a warm flannel."
was allowed to criticise people in her own family, which Sherlock wasn't part of, and that "Gertrude has an artistic temperament, that is all."
John is awake enough to blush.  Sherlock freezes.  “It must be the weak light in which I’m standing,” he explains, like the moment isn't awkward enough as it is.
John practically runs the whole way to the chemist’s.
“Maybe.”
Sherlock hiccups a panting breath.  John frees his arm from underneath him and runs a hand through his hair.
That moment, when you think that you are finally safe only to realise you were oh so very wrong.
Sherlock is gripping John's jumper with both hands, panting quick and loud.
Sherlock breaks the kiss to catch his breath and tilts his head backward, letting it rest on John's shoulder.  "Love you, John, my John, so very much," he rasps, his body crossed by a violent shiver when John tugs on a thick curl.
If Sherlock is still thinking about the case, it isn’t because of the outcome, or the role he played.  He cannot help but identify himself to Alexandra, and has told John very frankly how frightened he is of suffering from post-partum depression.  He is, after all, prone to violent mood swings, pregnant or not.  He also has a history of mental issues, and is being more and more open about it.  While John understands that, yes, Sherlock’s mental health is fragile, and must be handled with care, he is not especially worried. It has been more than two years since he touched any sort of drugs, and Sherlock himself admits that his depressive episodes have decreased in number and intensity ever since he and John got together.  Besides, as John keeps telling him, as they are both aware of Sherlock’s vulnerability, they will be able to catch any early sign of the baby-blues that could transform into something worse.
Sherlock gasps. A slight shiver makes him shake, ending on a quiet, sexy moan.
"I'm bleeding," he croaks.  "John I'm... I'm bleeding," he repeats, turning his hand toward himself, as if he needs to verify it once more.
"So, hmm... Despite the contractions I've had, you think it wise to..."
Yes, it was simplified but definitely a "thing."
He reaches with a trembling hand and grabs John’s shirt in a fist.  John caresses his back and his head, waits for the worst of the contraction to be over.  He feels it, probably before Sherlock, the moment his body unwinds, but the tensing of his muscles is immediately replaced by another series of shivers.  Sherlock’s teeth are chattering, hard, but he still tries to speak.
And magically, Sherlock has nothing else to say.
You have the nerve to say that to my face when we both know how immature and infantile you've been acting for the past week because, God help us all, the Great Sherlock Holmes finds himself bored.  Bored!"
They stay glued to each other for a long time.  It's a perfect moment, one of those very few you experience in a life time, and John intends on enjoying it as fully as possible.
"Because your leg was pressing on my..." Sherlock makes a pause and clears his throat.
Sherlock hums in contentment.  "I am."
"I can feel my prostate each time you rub it and it's so swollen, and throbbing and-"
And each and every time, I made sure to show my disdain and explain to them in no delicate terms that feelings don’t solve crime, let them be in the guts or elsewhere.”
"John, I..." Sherlock lifts himself up until he's sitting in bed, his back against the pillows (so many of them.  Apparently Sherlock Holmes needs at least eight pillows to allow his transport to rest). "I think that at the moment, I really can't trust my judgement, and would do anything you would ask of me."
"What?  Are you...are you throwing me out?"
"Your immune system-"
"John," Sherlock repeats, lower this time.  "John, darling, look at me."
“You git," John murmurs, then waits, slightly apprehensive.
Pleasure tints Sherlock's cheeks.
Sherlock's mouth hangs open for two long seconds.  He closes it, frowns.  "I don’t know," he admits, uncertain.  "Did I... did you... are we fighting?  Have I done or said something awful to upset you?
"Sherlock," John repeats softly, dropping in his own chair.
Sherlock answers by yawning, muffling it in the crook of John's neck.  "Let's just... stay like this a little bit," he proposes.
There is a shift in Sherlock's breathing pattern.  It takes some time, but he finally manages to nod.
"Here they come.  Oï!  Hurry, it's a fucking emergency!"
“Nevertheless,” Sherlock says calmly, adjusting his scrubs top like it’s a posh two hundred pound shirt, “I should leave you to rest.”
"You asked about the pyjamas.  I knew I had the information stored somewhere."
"I can feel something moving," Mycroft mumbles, his face evidently crushed against Sherlock's upper chest.  "Is that normal?"
John takes Sherlock's hand.  He still cannot tell what’s going on in his mind.  His face is very tense, and there is a frown forming in the crease of his eyebrows.
“Tell me when it’s over, I’m writing it down,” Mycroft announces.  “It is better to closely monitor the length of everything contraction and their dura-“
It is another five long minutes before John finally hears Sherlock's footsteps on the stairs, way slower than his usual pace.  He comes in, shoulders slumped, eyes lowered on the floor, just like a little kid who knows he is in trouble but has to come forward nevertheless.
"Case.  Get ready."
"And you wonder why I rejected intimate relationships for so long, John - look what it makes people do," Sherlock had said harshly.  To which John had easily replied, sliding a hand around Sherlock's waist and cupping his belly, "yes, and look what it can also do."
John lifts himself on his elbows, trying his best to ignore his frustrated penis and bollocks, both so close to release.
"So, we're not going with him."
"Yes. What are the vital signs?"
“You are good at this,” he tells Mycroft, and his voice might sound a little more admiring than he wished.  Too bad. “Being a host.”
There is more to it.  It’s subtle but definitely there.  After all, John and Sherlock not only live but also work together, and given John’s infatuation with the man, he notices everything that is new in Sherlock’s attitude. He then spends long hours at night tossing and turning in his bed, wondering what it can mean.
"Angie," Beeks warns, "it isn't polite to go about asking that sort of question to-"
John's anger is out before he even realises it.  "For Christ's sake, Sherlock!  Stop with that stupid nonsense.  I won't leave you, why do you keep bringing it up?"
At five that morning, John hears one courageous bird chirping in the cold rising sun.  Sherlock has bathed and eaten in front of John's ever-attentive eyes.  He threw up once more sometime after, but John is confident he kept enough nutrients inside.  They haven't spoken of their fight, both careful to keep the conversation light, bickering softly, tip toeing around each other, but in a good way.  Then, John declares Sherlock is ready to go to bed, and Sherlock doesn't complain, just follows him obediently, his cold, long fingers trapped in John's warmer hold.
“Of course.”
. Mycroft is humming under his breath as he adds ingredients to a large saucepan, with the false casualness typical to people who enjoy cooking.  What is also surprising is that Sherlock appears to enjoy the company.  He could have stayed in the living room, where at least he would have been more comfortable than right now, sitting on a straight kitchen chair.  There is a cushion behind his back, which has John wondering if Mycroft put it there, helping his sibling to be more comfortable.  It is very strange to discover this caring side of the older Holmes.  John knows Mycroft has been there for Sherlock through the most difficult period of his addiction, but this part of their life is still mostly kept from John.  What he knows is that Sherlock and Mycroft’s physical proximity seems to make them both uncomfortable: it seems the cold distance their respective armour provides is multiplied when they find themselves in the same room.  As such, their mannerism, and ostentatious attitude, stands out even more, not only having them stand apart from normal people, but from each other as well.
Sherlock seems surprised for a second, then he laughs, a full body laugh, his deep voice rumbling in his chest.  It’s sexy as hell.
The realisation is dull and grey, just like his thoughts, as if he's already drifting off into unconsciousness.
"There is one last thing I need to give you," Mycroft explains, his expression telling just how he himself wishes he was already gone.  "It was John's idea, but if I am honest with you, brother dear, it really is more of a gift to myself."
The snow is falling harder now.  John slows down a little and turns the heater up a notch.  The song playing is a choir version of
Sherlock brings back John from that very strange part of his mind.
::: :::
He must be white as a sheet, the contour of his lips purplish and his eyes sunken.  John has seen what blood loss looks like before.
"Every four hours?  Since that time in the cab?"
Afterward, he's in the lobby, taking off his wet coat and boots (it might not be raining anymore but the humidity outside clings to the skin) when he sees Sherlock exiting quickly from the kitchen, sporting the now too-familiar pose.  One of his arms is wrapped around his waist, his free hand is covering his mouth, and his face is dripping with sweat.
"So?"  He asks after a few seconds.
John waits, and, of course, starts to worry.  Another three seconds and Sherlock's expression changes.  He looks shocked.
Then again, he could be wrong.
“How are things at Baker street, Dr. Watson?”  Mycroft asks, playing with his closed umbrella resting at the side of his chair.
"Well, alright.  As for... caring for a child, everybody has kids... I mean, you don't need a permit, or a... freaking recommendation letter to conceive.  The world is full of idiots raising kids, so why not us?"
The cottage is lovely.  It's a small, two-storied stucco construction, with large windows and a garden full of flowers and herbs, surrounded by an iron fence decorated with swirling patterns.  It stands alone on the cliff above the ocean, and there is a path down the rocks leading to the beach, which John had forbidden Sherlock to try, not in his condition, and not before John has tried it himself.  Other cottages and summer houses are scattered here and there, all accessible by a common gravel road, but they are far enough from one another that it is easy to forget about them and feel like the hills belong to yourself.  The landscape is amazing, and with the breeze from the ocean John feels like he never knew what it was like to breathe so deeply before they came here, with the air so pure you feel drunk on it.
"I couldn't, as I was wrapped up in the case.  Nevertheless, I decided then to keep the cottage for myself, if I were to fancy a holiday sometime in the future.  London, after all, is mine.  This city has no secrets for me.  It is hard to leave a place with such a wild, beating heart.  I see it as a music partition so complex it might sound like cacophony to most people, but if you have the capacity to untangle each melody, to discard the superfluous and find the right chord, what you're left with is a unique, majestic symphony."
Sherlock reacts with a shiver, his whole body tensing before it relaxes again, and the frown between his eyebrows disappears.
It is doable.  Hell, some people give birth in cabs after all.  It is John who needs to adapt, not Sherlock.
He loves him so much like that, with his nose rubbed raw and his sunken eyes, tired, spent, like he's nothing but nerve ending and a brain that's as much as a blessing as it is a curse.  Looking so uncertain, so childish, observing the tiny plus sign on the pregnancy test window, biting his bottom lip.
John knows Sherlock is nervous, which explains his manic behaviour when they had left home.  He couldn't shut up, first about their last case, then about Christmas, and then when John had proposed they play a game to pass the time, Sherlock had given him a condescending look and laughed.  "Oh, really, John, your absolute lack of imagination as well as your mundane habits keep surprising me. "
In the back of the police car, they are their usual boyish, giggling after-a-successful-case selves.  John tries to find a name for the case, Sherlock mocks him but still has a few suggestions of his own, pretending to pout when John rejects them.
Not only do they hear the heartbeat, but Dr. Brown has isolated the image that takes all the screen now, of a still blurry beating heart that is perfectly formed and pumping.  John swallows back the knot of emotions and clears his throat.
He sees all of her petite body now, and how red her face is when she turns to look behind her shoulder, eyes big and fearful -oh god, why did she run, she's just aggravating her case, John thinks in a sudden bout of sympathy.  She needs to slow down because if she keeps her current rhythm she'll meet the brick wall face to face.  John himself has already slowed his pace, and then...
Sherlock closes his eyes, slowly.  Damn it, if this is their last minute together John needs to speak now.
"Oh god, will you just shut up, already." John covers his face with his hands.  "I don't have a fetish, I just like it, alright?"
And then the bedroom door opens, and the World gets in.
"He was giving me hmm...legal advice."
"I assure you, Maria, I will take full responsibility for my taking over, you will not be blamed." John tells her.
John frowns.  Sherlock had spent four days trying to make sense of the case before he discovered the hand written notes in the album.  Gosh, if Mycroft ever decided to turn against his country they were all lost.
John tries to breathe and chokes.  There is no air, his lungs are filled with chlorine tasting water.  He needs to vomit.  He needs to breathe.
Lestrade looks at Sherlock like he's grown a second head.
Warnings : Graphic descriptions of medical procedure for this chapter and the upcoming ones.
It had been surreal, like some sort of bad espionage novel.
Sherlock gets up on his knees and uses John's shoulder to stand up.  John is quick to rise to his help, and catches him by the waist just in time, seeing how unsteady on his legs he seems to be.  The room is silent, but Lila - Reiner, apparently - is breathing loud through her nose, staring at Sherlock in a mix of annoyance and derision.  When she speaks, though, her voice is unassured and trembling slightly.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock protests, visibly exasperated at himself.  “I’ve been experiencing pain in my lower back,nothing like the usual pain, but now it’s gone, and I... had the strangest feeling, a few minutes ago, as if... something... my god, I hate having trouble putting words to things,I...it’s as if something has snapped, in me.  It didn’t hurt.  It felt –do not laugh at me-“
"Do you doubt my desire?  To keep the baby, that is..."
"Merry Christmas, John."
John nods slowly, smiling.
...Or maybe the snapping point had been a few minutes later, when Sherlock had deigned opening his door, finally responding to John's calls and angry knocks.
“You’re alright,” Mycroft repeats again and again, one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders, but by the way he looks at John, he wonders what the hell is happening.
Huh.  Must be Lestrade again.
Sherlock pauses and straightens up, staring at John with all the intensity he's capable of.
Sherlock has yelled the last few words, his faces inches away from John.  And God knows John would like nothing better than to indulge him, but the matter must be addressed. More time won't do them any good.
Sherlock wraps himself in the blanket and has a tiny smile.  "Ah. Rain.  Finally."
getting sick."
"You do," he says, his voice breaking.  John has never seen him so emotional.
"And that was the correct answer, Mr. Holmes."  John smiles.  Another kick, softer this time, presses against his palm.
"That would be lovely, thank you John."
Yes.  The great Sherlock Holmes and his many contradictions.  He gets downright angry when John tries to take care of him on a case, then shifts into a needy little boy when it's over and he gives up.  True, John does have a thing for Sherlock weak as a kitten, letting him have his way, but it would be nice if he didn't submit himself to the strains of a case to reach that state.
