“Thanks for making coffee this morning.” Dean said softly, unable to hide the fondness in his voice. Sam raised a curious eyebrow at him and Dean shot him a scowl before turning back to Cas. “Why… is your hair wet?” Dean asked the angel, suddenly realizing how untamed the spikes of dark hair were and how they were dripping.
Dean whined. “Are we really going to do that? It sounded like a better idea like five beers ago. Now…” He vaguely gestured his hand to his drunken, slouching body on the couch.
Dean and Sam immediately spun around, and Dean realized with regret that the demon blade was lying uselessly near the doorway. “Magnus…” Both brothers muttered in disbelief.
-“ Dean snorted at the boat name. “-propeller and I don’t know why I expected him to handle the situation.”
had happened between Dean and Cas before Cas had up and left. Knowing him being the girl he was, he probably thought Dean proposed to Cas or some shit.
“Still no sign of Rowena. But we haven’t covered the inventory part of the library in awhile and I was going to hit the books.”
“Are you sure this is going to work with these candles?” Mia asked, brushing her long, curly, black ponytail over her shoulder before pulling her knees to her chest nervously. “I mean, Bath and Body Works candles? They’re not even the same scents. Who burns ‘Beautiful Day’ at the same time as ‘Marshmallow Pumpkin Latte’? It smells like my grandma’s house in here.”
“What makes you believe that its Gabriel?” Castiel asked, knowing that the other angel was incredibly good at covering his tracks.
“You alright, Cas?” Sam asked, sitting down next to Dean. He had recently gotten up to make a sandwich, but Dean had already shoveled his own sandwich in Garfield style.
It didn’t start with a candle lit dinner, or cuddling, or urgent declarations of love. It started with tension so thick that Dean could feel its weight on his shoulders. It started with that one look Castiel always gave him, like he was made of glass. But glass breaks, and god did Dean want to break.
a horror movie, Emma? This is literally the plot for some C list Blumhouse Productions film.” Mia wasn’t necessarily wrong. Their situation was straight out of one of the dumber horror movies that you would catch on the SyFy channel around Halloween. All three of them had been drinking all night in their hotel room when Bethany had gotten the bright idea to try out the internet challenge ‘Charlie, Charlie, are you there?’ Mia had come from a very superstitious New Orleans family, and wanted nothing to do with it. “I gotta stop hanging out with white people.” She muttered under her breath.
, Dean.” Sam hissed. Emma was quickly speaking with one of the guards, his eyes wide and scared with her knees pulled into her chest. She kept pointing to her vanity, and Sam noticed that all the lightbulbs surrounding the mirror had busted.
Okay, okay, OKAY. So I'm posted this chapter and then I promise I'm not posting anymore until I reply to everyone because I'm SO far behind on responding to comments. I'm so sorry!
“Yeah, but Sam and I have already looked through pretty much every book in here like four times. And we have a computer algorithm set up to search for anything witchy, but Rowena has completely covered her tracks.”
After nearly 20 minutes of rolling around, still not sleeping, Sam decided to get up and grab a glass of water. He made his way to the kitchen groggily, rolling his eyes when he passed Dean’s room and heard soft snoring coming from underneath the door. Sam didn’t pass Cas the entire way to the kitchen, but he wasn’t surprised. He poured a glass of water and chugged the whole thing before filling the glass again. He really didn’t know how Dean did it, he was the younger one and he was still struggling with drinking like he used to. Dean drank like a fish and as long as he had at least three cups of coffee the next day, he was good to go.
, Sam.” Dean damn near snarled. “She just uh, knew that we were on to her. And when I aimed my gun at her, she went crazy. Tried to get me before I could get to her.”
“This scar has faded so much since I first raised you.” Cas muttered in his husky voice, admiring how his hand fit perfectly in place. His eyes flickered to Dean’s. “All things heal in time, Dean.” He added knowingly. Dean gulped, resisting the urge to lean into the angel’s touch. There was something so intimate about it, and regardless of how often Dean tried to come across as a total hard ass, it felt nice.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! It’s me!” Seb whispered urgently, raising his hands and crouching down away from the blade.
Sam and Cas hadn’t had any issues out of Julia but were unable to find anything else to help the case, and the sun was starting to set. Ricardo’s shift had ended at around the time they showed up, but he had chosen to stick around and help them. His relief was a girl his age scrolling through her phone on facebook and was completely unbothered by Ricardo still being there, or by “feds” in suits hanging around the lobby. In fact, she asked Ricardo if he could watch the front long enough or her to go to the bathroom as soon as they got back to the counter.
Dean looked down, having completely forgotten about his jeans being in the washer. If his face wasn’t already red from embarrassment, he would have blushed slightly, but he reminded himself that he had nothing to worry about. It was
“You’re heaven…it’s Dean.” Sam interjected. Castiel’s eyes grew wide, before quickly looking at the floor. Embarrassment was not a human emotion that he was very fond of. “Cas… you have to tell him.”
Cas didn’t find Dean’s joke funny, but when Cas pursed his full lips and Dean’s eyes were drawn to them, it made the hunter realize that he really, really didn’t think
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m an angel. You seem to keep forgetting that.” Dean just shook his head, putting the car in park.
evil, it was the first curse-“ That’s when Dean started ignoring Sam. The kid took one fucking psychology course at Stanford and suddenly thinks he’s a therapist. “I know you’re afraid that we won’t find a cure. I’ll admit it… there are times when it worries me too. But we can’t give up hope just because we don’t have any leads right now-“
brat. “What the hell are you doing?” Sam asked as soon as Dean picked up the keys, standing up quickly.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and glared at the mark as if it would do either of them any good. He hoped Ariel was able to confirm whether or not Gabriel was still alive. Removing the mark was still Castiel’s main focus, even if Dean kept being dismissive about it and was being incredibly suspicious about what he was doing to keep his urges at bay. Castiel still wondered what Dean was doing to tame the effects of the cursed mark. He hadn’t had anymore outbursts, and seemed to be doing much better, and Castiel knew that breathing exercises and meditation wouldn’t be enough to combat something so ancient and evil. Dean was doing
. He had been using the Djinn juice to fight the mark, to make him feel better, to make him forget just how bad he wanted something he couldn’t have. He looked down at his dream arm. The mark wasn’t even there.
him. Castiel grabbed Todd’s arm as he walked by, his fingers digging into the muscular flesh of his bicep.
“I guess it’s like the Easter bunny, Cas.” Dean said, looking over at him. “No one know what a rabbit has to do with Jesus or whatever.”
The sun was just starting to peak over the ocean horizon, and the salty air caused Dean to shiver slightly. He was surprised that the temperature had dropped so much since it was sweltering just a few hours ago, but it only reminded Dean that he had no real experience with the beach. There had been one,
So their first time wasn’t perfect. But it was perfectly imperfect… and neither of them would have it any other way.
“And I’m also the reason you’re alive now. It seems that I may have made a mistake when I helped the Winchesters all that time ago, so I’m here to make it up to you.”
Benny laughed. “Just thinkin’ back to high school when Dean had a crush on Cassie, and he used any excuse in the book to be rude to her.” He turned to top off Dean’s glass and shot him a wink. “Our boy here never did grow out of pulling someone’s hair on the playground to show he likes ‘em.”
underneath him. “I didn’t think angels did the dirty.” He forced himself to ask, and cursed internally over the fact that his voice is much too high.
They quickly realized that they were in the green room for the actors, artists, and writers that were present at the convention. There was a young woman cowering in the corner near a vanity, the bodyguards surrounding her, looking concerned.  Cas tossed them their cop badges and they quickly approached, informing the body guards that they were undercover police officers, providing Noah’s number if he needed to contact their superior.
Dean blinked the sting of saltwater and the grit of sand from his eyes slowly. It barely helped with his vision. Wherever he was trapped was dark, but there was just a sliver of moonlight peeking in from a hole above him, and as he squinted through the darkness, he was able to make out that he was in some sort of cave. He could hear the waves crashing somewhere outside the cavern. Based on how the pool of water he was sitting in was gently sloshing against him and then pulling away, he assumed that the mouth of the cave was connected to the ocean. He took a deep breath and coughed, causing his lungs to seize and splutter. He groaned at the pounding headache he was developing that throbbed in rhythm of the mark’s pulsing. Wondering how long he had been underwater, Dean tried to stand. He almost immediately lost his balance, and stumbled onto his knees, thankful that the sand helped soften the impact. He was getting too old for this shit.
A few hours later, and Cas and Sam were setting the table while Dean made multiple trips back and forth to the kitchen for his turkey, stuffing, green beans, and cranberry sauce. He sat the last plate down when they heard a knock at the door. Dean rubbed his hands together and licked his lips while admiring his food for a moment before bounding up the stairs to open the door for everyone. Donna had drove out to Jody’s so that they could all arrive together, and it definitely worked for the better because they were both making Alex and Claire help carry the food. Dean helped set the food up before pulling them each into a hug, one by one. A giant grin on his face. Everyone hugged him back, even Claire, even though she rolled her eyes doing it. She then let go of Dean to hug Sam before noticing Cas staring at her.
“I’ve missed you.” Cas replied, smiling. Because that was one emotion that Cas had completely figured out. He knew that he
Dean took his eyes off the road to stare as Castiel. “You’re kidding, right? They’re already not exactly my biggest fan.”
What he didn’t know, was that Castiel would give him a thousand more chances. A million more chances. And he wouldn’t stop there. He would never stop until Dean realized he was worthy of all the love the angel had to offer him.
Dean will freak out if you do that. He’ll probably just think you’re making fun of him or something. If he comes to
had heard from him? Yeah, he was panicking. Just a little. He could feel a panic attack coming on and was trying to force it down because he had to stay focused. They had to find Cas.
So apparently my emails that I was sending people never went through. (face palm). I'm gonna try to get on that tomorrow. This also applies to any comments I haven't responded to, if I have power, that is. Gotta love hurricane Florence coming for my area.
remember it! Bobby yelled at me for playing in an old abandoned car and called me an idiot for not realizing that sometimes bees could use old abandoned car frames for their hives.” Sam was frowning determinedly, and Dean was not having it.
“Do you like it?” Dean asked, appearing so entranced with learning about Cas that his pizza went untouched on his plate.
The creature stood on two hooved, goat-like feet that kicked up more dirt as it approached them. A leathery, pointed tail whipped out from behind it sporadically. From the waist up, it was almost entirely humanoid other than the gigantic horns that were protruding from its skull. Its skin and fur were a dark red, almost black in the lack of light, the exact color of drying blood. It snorted, a hooved foot pawing at the ground. “Well, well, well, what is it we have here?” It growled out, a voice much deeper than even Castiel’s. The voice immediately filled them all with foreboding dread. “Two humans…” It said looking at Sam and Dean, but then it’s eyes swept over to Cas “And an angel. I’ve always wanted to get my pitchfork in an angel, really see what makes them scream and beg for mercy. This is the first time I’ve had the pleasure of meeting one.”
“It has something to do with the Harry Potter cast, Sam. We’ve solved bigger cases working with less. We have to get close to the cast to figure it out, and the only way we’re getting close is if we go to the convention.” Dean answered distractedly. He was too busy looking at himself and Cas in the mirror. “Damn…we look good. Really good.” He smiled, attaching the shield to the back of his suit so dramatically that it could have been a clip used in the Avengers trailer. God, Sam couldn’t believe his brother was such a dork.
Dean chuckled softly, leaning against the doorway. There was an easy smirk on his lips that made Castiel’s chest feel tight. Dean was so effortlessly beautiful that it hurt. “No, it’s not about banshees. That’s just the name of the town it takes place in.” He stuffed his hands in his pockets and rocked back and forth on his heels. “It’ll all make sense if you just watch it with me.” He pouted a little and Castiel rolled his eyes, mostly at the fact that he was a sucker when it came to Dean, and yet Dean still felt the need to bribe him with facial expressions.
“Goodbye, Charlie.” Dean said softly. He had his facial expression steeled, but Sam could see the pain in his eyes and knew the same expression reflected on his face. Castiel looked sad as well, but most of his emotion seemed focused on sympathy towards to two brothers. Cas may not have had enough time to develop a strong relationship with Charlie, but he knew how much she meant to Sam and Dean.
Sam looked over at Cas and wasn’t shocked to find that his facial expression was fairly neutral excluding a slight twitch to his eyebrow. He may have been surprised that Dean liked both men and women, but angels saw things like sexuality completely different than humans did, and he didn’t seem phased by it in the least. “Why are you not having any luck?” he asked.
Dean wasted no time once he was in his room. He locked his door and searched for his first aid kit and was pleased that hunter’s first aid kits included a little more than the average. He set up the syringe and needle, dripping a few drops of the Djinn essence into the syringe. His skin crawled at the familiarity of this situation, of how much it reminded him of the times when he would set up to inject something very different in his veins all those years ago.
Sam went to open his mouth, but Dean interrupted him. “Not a fucking word, Sam.” Dean shifted, putting a few inches between him and the angel. “So, after this I’ll go talk to the victims’ families. How many do we got?”
Ariel looked at him sadly, her pretty features pained. “I’m sorry, but that’s the only way I know. I wasn’t ranked high enough to be told many details on the matter. All I know is that the spell must be done by an archangel, and that all of the archangels have the spell seared into their brains.”
Dean froze. “What, is it a crime to make breakfast now?” Dean growled, pretending that his brother’s accusation wasn’t spot on and the kitchen counter wasn’t messy and covered with breakfast ingredients.
know that this was Claire trying to be reassuring in her own way though. “Thank you, Claire. But I’m okay with the relationship that Dean and I already have.”
“It’s still pretty early, but the sun is about to set. I say we go out in my boat. Have you ever been out on the water during sunset? It’s beautiful.”
of humans. You pollute and you litter, not caring what it does to all the other living creatures on this planet. There already weren’t many of us. We’ve never had large numbers like werewolves or vampires. In the 19th century, humans caught on to what we are. Almost, at least. Many of us were mistaken for witches and burned at the stake.” Vera shuddered. “Throughout time, humans have only killed more and more of us. Every time there was an oil spill, some of us died. Every broken net has the potential to trap and kill one of us. Some of us have starved because of humans over fishing, depleting the number of edible fish for us. We don’t
Magnus’ lip curled up in disgust at being corrected by the demon. He was always friendlier towards Natasha and Ted because they were the demons that Crowley had allowed him to borrow for work, to do his bidding, but he still thought he was better than them. They were still his pets. These pets just didn’t get tied to a surgical table. He composed himself and sighed. “Take him back to his cage and make sure you make you rounds and check the warding.”
it. He gave one last look to Sam, whispering for him to hang on before he was on his feet running at the creature. He could feel the affects of the mark boiling in his blood and he saw red as he grabbed Cas’ dropped angel blade and shoved it into the monster’s back, pulling down hard and ripping a deep, long gash into it.
The statement that Cas says to the Tulpa is a very loosely Enochian translation of Romas 16:20 "The God of peace will soon crush Satan under your feet. The grace of our Lord Jesus be with you."
“We have this conversation literally anytime I show interest in anyone.” Sam sighed. ”I was practically a kid when Ruby broke up with me, and I thought my life was over and that I would never be able to get over her. That doesn’t mean I should swear off women all together. Eileen isn’t Ruby. And besides, you were right. All the red flags were there with her, I just ignored them.”
it happen to them. Dean knew there was already something in him that was broken, and falling in love only to lose that person would shatter what remained. He had his family anyway, and that familial love was enough. He could get laid with no strings attached just fine, and didn't need the fairytale of a happily ever after to complete him.
Ariel sat her coffee down and took a small bite out of a mixed berry macaroon before speaking again. “I have some information that I think may help you and your human. But I need your promise that the information will stay between us.”
“Dean, there are things I see in you that I’ve never seen in another being. Angels, demons, other humans, they all fail in comparison to you. There are entire galaxies in your eyes, entire constellations in the freckles on your skin. I have seen so much in the centuries since my creation, and none of it has left me nearly as breathless as you have.”
“I'm thrilled he got his wings and grace back, really, I am, but it seems like he just hasn’t seemed like himself lately. He seems flighty. And all that stuff that’s going on in heaven…”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas gritted out. Was it too much to ask of the universe for him to run into Dean when he wasn’t exhausted and frustrated, and smelling like artificial sugar while wearing a Gas-N-Sip vest? “It would appear that I am.”
“No, no, I’m fine.” He muttered distractedly. “Go ahead. Whip ‘em out. I’m gonna… I’ll go grab some first aid stuff.” Dean nearly stumbled off the bed, and quickly made his way to the storage closet full of first aid supplies they kept in the bunker. He tried to keep his thoughts innocent, because despite now was not the time to start thinking with his dick. Cas needed his help. On the way to the closet, he ran into Sam, literally.
Feeling the all too familiar feeling of guilt, Dean finished off the bottle. He had to try, even if Castiel didn’t show up. Sam’s life could depend on it. He tossed the bottle, watching its glass shatter against the dewy ground.
The rest of that night had been a bit of a blur. Well, Dean always tried to convince himself it was a blur. He was sure that if he tried to remember hard enough, he would be able to remember the entire night in detail. But he didn’t
“What, like sign language? Dude, I dropped out of high school. What makes you think I know anything about an entire other language? You’re the one that’s good at that kind of thing. In fact, I remember you being so good at Latin in high school that it was downright
“While I understand that all humans have their own dietary preferences, I have never understood animal rights activists that boycott honey. There are various species of bees on the endangered list and the demand for honey means that bees are more likely to be protected, though it is unfortunate that people only feel the need to protect other living beings when they’re being useful, because all animals are useful in the great scheme of things like the food chain and the circle of life.” Cas said excitedly.
From further down the hallway, Dean heard footsteps, and the closer he got to them, the harder his heart beat in his chest, almost deafening the echo of feet. The Mark on his arm thrummed in eagerness at the adrenaline coursing through his veins, and he ignored its desperate chanting, rounding another corner to find himself abruptly smacking into another body. Dean raised his machete and was about to bring it down when a voice stopped him.
Dean suddenly pulled away from Cas’ touch, visibly squirming and leaving Castiel wondering what he had done wrong. Dean avoided his eyes. “I don’t know, Cas…it’s kinda weird.” Castiel just looked at Dean expectantly, encouragingly. Dean sighed and bit his lip, his face flushing. Whatever it was made him feel embarrassed, and Castiel’s curiosity only grew. “Um, well, it started a little while after you left.” He was back to picking at the fuzz on the comforter. “I…I was worried, okay?” He glanced back at Cas uncertainly before glaring back at the fuzz. “I thought you were gone for good. That I had finally done something to permanently push you away. I was praying to you and you weren’t answering. I was calling you and you weren’t picking up. And it never even crossed my mind that you weren’t responded to me because you
“No, keep going!” Sam smiled reassuringly. None of this heaven made sense to him, but it had his interest. Castiel looked down, clearing his throat in embarrassment. But Sam was doing what Dean affectionately called his ‘puppy eyes’, and he knew he could trust him. He inhaled shakily and reluctantly continued.
I promise there’s a reason for the app, and it’s not just to make this slow burn slower. Sam knows the app isn’t going to make Dean get over Cas. We know the app isn’t going to make Dean forget Cas. Just hang in there.
“Because Dean sees me as family.” He replied simply. “You’re right in thinking it would be awkward.”
“They’re not right about you, Dean. They never are.” He looked up, his soft, blue eyes searching Dean’s. Dean swallowed and licked his lips. “It’s not just about you.” Cas added. His eyebrows were furrowed, leaving deep creases across his forehead. Dean knew that look. It was the one that Cas always got when his own thoughts or emotions confused him, and he had no idea how to place how he was feeling.
“A rusalka. Humans often referred to them as mermaids, sometimes even sirens.They’re aquatic, humanoid creatures, known as water nymphs. The monster has to be something aquatic, most likely nocturnal, or mostly nocturnal, based on the time of the day most of the disappearances have happened.” Cas relaxed a little bit, but there was still a stressed look hidden behind the blue of his eyes.
Dean shot up in bed, his chest heaving and slick with sweat. He ran his fingers through his hair, steadying his breath and reminding himself that it had all just been a nightmare. He ripped off his sweat soaked shirt, tossing it to the floor. He heard a rustling to his right, and jumped, finding Cas staring down at him.
Dean blushed and laughed despite himself. “No, I mean… what direction is this headed?” Dean knew it was probably incredibly unsexy to talk about it instead of just letting it play out, but he didn’t want to push Cas too far, and he wanted their clothes gone like yesterday.
-“ Dean shook his head and pointed at the target. Cas’ shoulders slouched slightly but he reluctantly turned back to the target.
“Uh, can I just get the fruit and yogurt bowl? Extra granola. And a water.” Sam choked out between his giggling.
demons. Crowley looked to his henchmen standing on both sides of his throne, and they were both pointedly looking anywhere but at him. They clearly agreed with Rowena and didn’t want their opinions to be asked. Crowley was really going soft.
Olivia wanted to have fun with this, still not following believing that any of this could possibly be real. “Charlie should Mia be scared?” The pencil pointed to the closest no. “See, Mia? Apparently, Charlie is one of the good guys. Ask him a question.”
Cas leaned in to dip his finger into the jelly again, the inches that Dean had put between them now gone. And Dean was painfully aware of it. Any time Cas touched him, it was almost like a shock of static went through his body. He licked his lips, once again watching the angel lick and suck the jelly from his finger. Dean’s breath caught, and he cleared his throat. “It does taste like molecules.” Cas finally replied sadly. “But one of the things I miss about being human is the taste of food. I'm hoping if I keep trying it, I will become accustomed to it. Gabriel did and is quite fond of sweets. I suppose he had to adjust to it.” Dean cleared his throat again, shaking his head.
women. He was tall and attractive with soft green eyes, full lips, and a smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose and cheeks that were faint enough for Cas to assume they weren’t always visible in the colder months of the year.
him. Where Dean could never see a real future with Cassie and Lisa, when he saw Cas he not only saw a future (as dark and bloody as a hunter’s future is), but he saw… everything. He saw love and happiness and family and comfort and someone that forced him to stow his shit and just… everything.
. The other angels constantly had something negative to say about Cas, constantly commenting that he wasn’t good at being an angel, or wasn’t good enough to be one. Dean thought they had it completely backwards. Castiel was the
Dean fell asleep before the fifth episode started, and was more than a little okay that he fell asleep next to Cas.
?” Dean felt Cas tense under him once again. “Seriously?” Dean somehow managed to swallow even though his mouth feels too dry. His mind wandered to this one episode of the show
Dean jumped slightly and the whiskey he had poured sloshed around in its glass. “Hey, Cas.” He rasped, his voice rougher than he inttended. He was suddenly self-conscious of the fact that he was only wearing a tee shirt and boxers, and was hoping his eyes weren’t still wet and red.
Sam shrugged, his eyes darting back and forth between the back of his brother’s head and the back of his best friend’s head. “You could let him borrow some of your clothes. You two are about the same size. Or we could stop at Walmart or somewhere. We have some cash to spare since Ricardo hooked us up.”
“Yeah, well, I’m pretty fond of your vessel too.” The words came out of Dean’s mouth before he could even process them, and Cas eyed him curiously. He felt the heat of blush all the way up to his ears. “I just mean, you’ve looked like this for years. It would be kinda weird seeing you look like anything else.”
When the angel finally looked back up, his sad, blue eyes were filmed with shame. “I saw that man at the bar when he was speaking with you. I should have seen that he had no soul, I should have seen what he was… but he was sitting next to you, and your soul was just so
Cas just rolled his eyes, turning a page in his book. Dean squinted, and just made out it was titled
“Okay. Bye, Dean.” Sam’s voice had a smile to it as he hung up, and while Sam would never admit it, Dean knew that he missed him too.
“Alright, so I guess we should go back to the inn and change into our monkey suits so people don’t wonder why we’re poking around asking questions.” Dean said, shoving his wallet into his coat pocket.
“Dean was having another nightmare. I wanted to be close by in case I need to wake him again.” Cas looked down at Dean. “I think he was having another dream and he… just ended up like this.”
“If we’re being honest, yeah I do. I feel really bad for him. I can’t believe on top of everything else he’s doing upstairs, he's been working cases so that we could relax. He’s one of the good guys, you know?” Sam looked thoughtful and empathetic, tugging at Dean’s heartstrings.
Cas looked back at the tv. He wasn’t fond of the long hair, and it was entirely impractical and unhygienic for a surgeon to wear cowboy boots while working in a hospital. He looked back at Dean, and Dean looked like he was about to squirm out of his skin. “He has a strong jawline which is often deemed attractive.” He finally stated just to put Dean at ease. On the screen, Doctor Sexy’s brown eyes filled with tears as he finally broke up with Janet. “I prefer green eyes though.” He felt Dean immediately tense next to him and coughed loudly as if choking on his own saliva.
Cas moved gracefully, dodging many of the Tulpa’s attacks and then ramming his angel blade into any exposed area he could reach. The Tulpa finally caught him, and slammed him to the ground by the throat, and Dean had
“Oh god.” Dean choked out through laughs. “It’s like watching you trip over yourself around girls in middle school all over again. When can I meet her?” Sam ignored him, going into his room to grab his bags. “No seriously.” Dean asked when he came back in the living room, dropping them on the couch to cram his laptop in one. “When are you going to bring her around?”
“Cas, you’re doing it wrong.” He kept his voice soft, slightly intimidated by the raw energy coming off of Castiel as he removed the shooting range earmuffs from his head.
“Try not to blame yourself too much, Dean.” Castiel responded, keeping his tone even and looking out the window instead of at Dean. “You were obviously
Normally, Dean wasn’t exactly the type to let others drive, but he couldn’t say no to her if he tried.
Ricardo shrugged. “He didn’t look that pissed off until I started flirting with you.” He looked over his shoulder, back at Dean. “I’m not trying to cause issues, I’m just a flirt.”
“Don’t play stupid, sweetie. I see the way you look at the dreamy blue-eyed hunk in the trench coat.” Dean blanched. “It’s absolutely disgusting. A sin. God intended for men and women to be together, not two men!”
“Shit.” Dean muttered, standing up straight and tightening his grip on the angel blade. He and Castiel made their way over to Sam cautiously as he finished tracing the last line of the devil’s trap with holy oil. Sam tossed the empty canister to the side and pulled out the demon killing knife, swallowing his nervousness.
After two plates of food, and a few beers, Sam told them he was calling it a night. “And don’t forget to set Cas up with a room.” He reminded Dean, stretching and waving good night. Cas looked like he was about to mention the fact that he didn’t need sleep again, but decided against it.
the one that you rebelled for, after all. None of the Garrisons were able to stop talking about it. The things I heard on angel radio…” She smiled teasingly. “Though I suppose that’s besides the point. You want to be able to remove the mark from your human, and it’s impossible.” Castiel didn’t correct her when she referred to Dean as his, he was too selfish to. Cas opened his mouth, but Ariel interrupted him. “Besides… I’m not supposed to speak of these things. I may have left Heaven once I realized our Father had left, but it’s still my job as angel to protect Heaven and its angels. Removing the mark can be dangerous, and I cannot provide you with information that could put others in danger.”
Dean rested his elbows on the table and dropped his face to his hands. “Sam, can we not do this right now?” He thought worrying about Cas had always been bad. He’s seen the guy
“Wasn’t one of your resolutions to cut back on drinking?” Sam said, scrunching up his nose in disappointment.
“Uh, yeah, yeah. Definitely. You can move in tonight, Cas. I can show you how to watch Netflix and everything.”
“So get this, some teens have went missing in Bear Creek, North Carolina. Sounds like it might be our sort of thing.” Sam had been carrying his laptop and sat it down on the kitchen table.
Cas stared out the window of the Impala. Though it was getting late in the year and the outside air was chilly, it was a beautiful day, and he couldn’t help but admire how the light caught on the fields next to the strip of road that he and Dean cruised down. The first victim had lived in the countryside with his family, and it was taking Dean longer than he had anticipated in order to get to their house. Cas was quiet, his mind working even faster than the car he was sitting in. He should be in heaven right now. Even though some of the angels gave him full recognition for being able to find the way back into the holy land, Cas still felt like he owed them so much more, and a bad feeling was spreading from in his core like he was once again failing them by not taking their offering as leader of Heaven. He furrowed his eyebrows as his stared out the window, trying to place the emotion.
Dean had spent countless hours repeating Cas' speech, his declaration in his head. He was convinced that it was just Cas once again reiterating how Dean was his family. But then... then Dean remembered the part of what Cas said that changed
Dean sighed contently, somewhere between consciousness and sleep. Someone was in bed with him, and they were warm and soft and smelled
Castiel entered his very own bedroom in the bunker and closed the door behind him. His eyes scanned the room to make sure he was alone. It was an old habit as a soldier of Heaven that he would probably never be able to break. His bedroom was still incredibly barren, and he still had a hard time accepting that it was
when you’re not using your grace.” Dean teased, throwing a dish towel at his face playfully. Cas caught it before it smacked him in the nose and gave Dean and unimpressed look.
Dean cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Good thing you like cows, Cas. You’re gonna be seeing plenty of them in this state.”
Sam choked out a thank you between laughter. This made Dean start laughing too, and he grabbed Cas’ shoulder to keep from toppling over at just how
“GO!” Sam bellowed. Castiel nodded, making his way through the water much quicker than Sam could have. He grimaced at the sound of grunting and splashing, and sent a silent prayer for Sam’s safety. The cave path finally opened up completely, and Castiel’s eyes immediately zeroed in on Dean. Vera was on top of him, her body pressing him into the water as he struggled beneath her. It only took a moment for Castiel to realize what she was trying to do, she was trying to pin him down using her weight and one hand pressed to his shoulder while the other was struggling to get his jeans off.
. He was tired of pining over Cas. He was tired of trying to find the answer to his problems on the inside of an empty bottle. Hell, there were even days when he was tired of hunting. He was just so
“An angel called for me.” Cas replied simply, not offering any further explanation. Dean rolled his eyes. That’s why he couldn’t get used to having Cas around. There would always be angels calling him away. Dean had to accept that. Cas may be his best friend, but he was still an angel. “How did your research of the Tulpa go today?” Castiel asked, no interest in further the conversation about his angelic calling.
Sam snorted, moving out of the way so that someone could get past them. “I thought you said you read the books.” He teased. “Does Dean really seem like the type to go for it? And Cas… I don’t even know how he feels, so I doubt Dean does, and Dean would never even think about making a move if he wasn’t convinced it was a sure thing.”
As they pulled into Quantico, the clock had just rolled over to 8:30pm. Dean had no trouble finding the Briar Cliff Inn while Sam snored in the passenger seat. He pulled Baby into the parking lot, admiring the hotel. It was clearly old, and was much larger than the cheap, run down hotels that he and Sam were used to staying in for hunts. But it only made sense to stay at the hotel that all the action was going down in.
The scene in the "hippie store" was not a jab at vegans for refusing to use honey. I'm actually a major animal rights activist and don't eat meat myself. I'm just very fond of bees and beekeeping, and fully support anything that's helping keep the population of them at a steady incline until they're no longer in threat of endangerment. Speaking of which, can you believe you can get an actual
“You seem to… be having a hard time answering our questions, Mr. Anderson.” Cas tried. “Why don’t you just tell us about your husband, Sean?”
Cas’ eyes casted down to his lower half like he had completely forgotten what he was wearing. He looked back up at Dean and mumbled “Sam gave them to me. He thought they might be more comfortable since I’ve been sleeping lately. Do you need them back?”
The angels face fell slightly, something only Sam and Dean would have been able to pick up on from years of interacting him. “It’s… interesting. Difficult. Some of the angels want me to return permanently but many others think I should never be allowed to enter Heaven again.” Cas chose his words carefully, his eyebrows tenting in concentration.
Castiel smiled, a little force. “I don’t think this is the kind of place that Dean would be caught dead in.” He said, eyeing the pink walls and over the top French décor before making eye contact with her again.
reminded himself that he was getting too close to his breaking point, and then went and basically tried to dry hump Cas and then hold hands with him? He shook his head and walked over the balcony rail, flexing the fingers of his right hand and feeling a drop of blood escape from the broken skin.
“Magnus wanted to know how to extract angel grace so that he could harness it. He wanted his magic to be more powerful and thought that angel grace would help. I wouldn’t tell him anything,
coffee, and he knew that Cas must be around the bunker somewhere since it was waiting on him and Sam had been on his soy latte kick. He turned to face his brother and leaned his hip against the kitchen counter. He took a deep breath and schooled his face to something more serious. “Listen, Sam-“
Cas noticed it. Or if they did, neither would talk about it. He had tried to ask Dean about it. There was this undying curiosity that had Sam wanting to know what it was like for Dean, to have been raised by an angel from the flames of hell, only to have that angel rebel against heaven for him. But Dean knew him too well, and anytime he tried to bring it up, before Sam could even open his mouth, Dean would be muttering about how there was no ‘chick flick’ moments, and would leave the room, before Sam could say a word.
When he got to his room, he slammed the door and locked it. He didn’t have to think twice about reaching in his jacket pocket for his small Djinn juice kit.
As Dean worked over the feathers, Cas went on a detailed rant about what each part of his wings were called, and what each group of feathers was called. Dean was shocked by how interesting his found the information, about how he could see the differences in the groupings based on the sizes, and sometimes even texture of the feathers. More feathers were beginning to come out from the back of the wings where Cas couldn’t reach, and Dean winced every time one came out between his fingers even though Cas assured him that it didn’t hurt.
“Dean is intoxicated, and you’re trying to follow him. If you take advantage of him or harm him in any way, I swear on my Father that I will rip you limb from limb. There will be nothing left of you for the cops to identify when I’m done.” Castiel growled. He released his hold on Todd and the man stumbled backwards, shock and fear apparent in his eyes.
Sam, sensing the awkwardness, spoke up. “So, I have nothing. No hex bags, no emf. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary in any of the boats, or in the office when I went to go talk to Ivan again.”
get to all comments. Be patient with me. And based on the comments I've received, it seems you guys would rather me spend more time updating and put replies on the back burner.
was stunning. He was so effortlessly beautiful and had no idea. Dean nearly dropped his supplies because he was so fixated, so enamored by the way Cas was looking at him with clear, expecting eyes.
carefully. One wrong ingredient, or one ingredient added in the incorrect order could cause catastrophic events to take place. Knocking the earth off its axis wasn’t exactly what they were aiming for right now. When she was done, she handed an enchanted dagger to him, and motioned for him to give his sacrifice to complete the first part of the spell. Crowley took the blade, bringing it to his forearm and slicing into the skin without so much as a flinch.  Blood oozed from the wound, dribbling across his skin until it dripped off into the bowl. Rowena immediately snatched it back, the last ingredient pinched between her thumb, index, and middle finger. She reread the last passage one last time, looking at the ground up wendigo fang dust between her fingers to make sure she had enough. She took a deep breath and spoke in perfect Latin. “Surge, o anima condemnabitar. Redire ex qua venesti!” She rubbed her fingers together, causing the dust to drop into the bowl. It immediately burst into purple flames before burning out completely.
and deserving of good things.” Cas left the kitchen in the whip of a trench coast out the room before Dean could reply.
I got stung.” Sam crossed his arms petulantly. Dean stood up abruptly, stumbling over to the coffee table that had his keys on it. If Sam wanted to be a brat, fine. But he could be a
Castiel leaned forward, gently covering the Mark of Cain with his hand. “I would never give up on you. You and I…we’ve been through so much together. The only thing finding you like that did was terrify me. I felt helpless. I felt like I had failed you and that’s why you had to turn to such drastic measures to protect yourself from the mark.”
Dean’s eyes immediately shot up to glare daggers through Cas, but the moment their eyes met, he lost some of his composure. Cas’ eyes were so fucking blue, and he was really mastering that pathetic puppy look that he was apparently picking up from Sam. “Do you know how fucked up it is to lie about something like that? Especially after what happened the last time you and Sam were keeping shit from me?” Dean
“Hey, Dean.” Sam’s voice responded warmly, and Dean couldn’t stop the small smile that spread across his lips.
because you feel like you should be compensated for the money he’s making off of his bees’ honey.” He groaned.
As the days passed and January melted into February, Sam knew his idea was working. Dean had ended up making an account on “Cupid’s Arrow” and was spending a lot of his free time swiping through the app and filling out the questionnaires on it. Each time, Dean would make a frustrated noise and slam his phone down. What Dean didn’t know that Sam did was that “Cupid’s Arrow” was absolute
With Cassie there were no expectations. He loved her, but he knew that it would never work, that it would never last. At the time he had wanted it to, but he was young and dumb. He just took everything a day at a time, not thinking about the fact that one day soon John would tell him to pack up his shit and get in the Impala. The conversations they had were good, the sex was great, and Dean knew it was the closest thing he would have to a relationship as a hunter. When it was time to leave and move on to the next town, it sucked, but Dean wasn’t surprised. He had expected it long before it arrived. He knew that he and Cassie never stood a chance.
. Dean tangled his hands in Seb’s hair and was completely along for the ride and at the other man’s mercy until Seb reached for his belt buckle and everything came to a screeching halt. Dean’s lungs constricted in panic and he grabbed Seb’s hand to stop him.
“I’ve done almost all of the healing I can do for now. Too much too soon will be much too overwhelming to Sam’s body. This is magic I am unfamiliar with. But Sam is going to be fine” He removed his fingers, staring down as Sam curiously. Dean abruptly stood up, wrapping Castiel into an embrace. The confused angel stood in shock for a moment before hugging him back.
Dean gently brushed past Vera, her flowery perfume invading his senses as he pulled out a pocket knife out of his pocket before hoisting himself up on the boat. He made his way over to Ivan, still sending Vera his most dazzling smile before crouching down to cut away at the net until it was loose enough to pull off of the propellers. Ivan looked completely embarrassed as he lowered the propellers back in the water, and Vera was biting her lip flirtatiously as she nodded in approval.
Dean froze, his eyes scanning the gentlemen’s facial features. His brown eyes were warm though alarmed. He had a faint, though well-groomed beard and beautiful, golden bronze skin. They guy was way too young for Dean to be attracted to him, but he definitely felt like he would remember someone so good looking.
The employee entered a door behind the counter and soon returned holding three costumes. Sam spotted a Captain America shield and Thor’s hammer, and really tried not to scoff at how Dean immediately reached for the costume attached to the shield. The other costume was buried under Captain America and Thor. “I’m pretty sure that Thor is the only costume that’ll fit you, big guy.” The employee said to Sam.
“Oh yeah?” Dean said, trying to appear casual. He chugged the whiskey in his cup, and poured himself another glass. He brought it up to his lips, but instead handed it to Cas. To Dean’s surprise, Castiel took the glass as he grabbed another one for himself. “You wanna elaborate on that?”
. The hunter was so comfortable, inhaling the scent deeply, reveling in the way that it felt to be pressed against the other body… especially certain parts of him. He was almost painfully hard, his jeans constricting his erection from where he had fallen asleep in them the night before. But whenever his hips would move, his hard cock would rub up against the other person. He did it again, and it pulled a small moan from his lips.
him? Sam being away at Stanford was completely destroying Dean, Sam didn’t even seem to be bothered by the fact that he couldn’t even remember the last time they had spoken.
Sam tore into his gift, and Cas waited for him to do so before patiently before paying any mind to his own present. Sam fixed Dean with one of his infamous bitch faces as soon as he realized what his present was. “Really, Dean?”
“…how are you?” Sam’s voice was gentle, like he was speaking to a baby wild animal that he was afraid was going to run off.
“Cas, you should stay here. Especially if you’re trying to save up your angel mojo.” Dean said sternly, using his my-answer-is-final dad voice that Sam rarely heard him use nowadays.
“Hello, Dean.” A familiar, gravelly voice said behind him. Dean narrowly missed smacking his head on one of the fridge shelves when he jumped. He spun around, closing the refrigerator door behind him. It’s not like Cas had known what he was thinking about, but he still felt like he got caught doing something that should make him feel guilty.
Dean didn’t hug back, still too weak, and even coughed a little against a lapel on Castiel’s trench coat, but Castiel didn’t mind. Dean was alive. That was all that mattered. They could deal with the drug abuse later, Castiel first needed to feel Dean in his arms, feel him living and breathing. “I thought I lost you.” He mumbled gruffly against Dean’s hair. “My grace was weaker than I thought it was, and I was afraid I couldn’t bring you back.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, man.” Dean said, avoiding eye contact as he wished he had traded his empty shot glass for a beer.
“Well, it’s not really ‘ha ha’ funny, more ‘wow, I’m an idiot’ funny. Before we headed out, I was trying to find out information on rusalki and nothing was coming up. I just assumed it was because the Men of Letters didn’t know about them. It turns out they just had them listed under a different name. The Men of Letters had them listed as ‘mavka’, which was just another name for rusalka.” Sam laughed again and Dean just raised a single eyebrow at him.
and Dean couldn’t wait to make fun of him when he got off the phone? Video chat? Whatever the fuck he was using. “Are you busy?”
“Looks like we better start scoping this place out looking for something the spirit could be tied to. We’ve got a lot of ground to cover.” Sam sighed grimly.
Dean felt himself blush bright red. “Jesus Christ, Cas. We are not going to have this conversation. Just know this is your room, okay?” He quickly turned his back so that he could open the door and had an excuse to not look at Cas. “It’s not much, but it’s pretty much like all of the other rooms. You can even decorate it how you want. Just make yourself at home, yeah?” Castiel thanked him again, and Dean showed him how to work Netflix. Even though the dorky trench coat wearing celestial being was clueless in most areas, he was a quick learner and had the entire remote figured out in less than five minutes. Dean sat down on the edge of Cas’ new bed, completely impressed.
Vera laughed and turned her seat around, smiling up at Dean as he approached her. He smiled down at her, returning a smile at how effortless this evening at been with her. He hadn’t thought about Cas once, and of course this thought reminded him of Cas and his smile dropped. As effortless as this date had been, and as much as he liked Vera, she certainly didn’t give him the same feeling that Cas did. It wasn’t like he had expected her to, this was the first day he had even known Vera, and Cas… well, he was in love with Cas. This date had felt fun, but Cas made anywhere Dean was with him feel like home.
Dean whipped into the turning lane that lead to the Walmart up ahead, cutting someone off and then flipping them off when they honked.
And besides, wasn’t there something about how you couldn’t love someone unless you loved yourself? Dean snorted. He knew there as nothing to love. He knew he was a miserable fuck that used alcohol and women, and now Djinn essence to take some sort of edge off of just how unhappy he was. Hell, sometimes he even used his toxic codependency with Sammy as some sort of pathetic relief, as some sort of security blanket to hide behind. So, he knew Cas was better off not returning his feelings. He knew he was just no good for Cas. Just like he had been no good for Cassie, and especially no good for Lisa. There was no way he could love himself, and Cas deserved better than that. The words echoed through Dean’s high mind again. “you can’t love someone unless you love yourself first”. Bullshit. Dean had never loved himself. He probably never would. But Cas, oh god, Cas... he loved Cas so much that sometimes he forgot what hating himself felt like.
At first, his father losing his mother wasn’t enough for Dean to give up on the idea of falling in love. Sure, it scared Dean. It made him terrified to see what loving someone and then losing them could turn a person into. But it wasn’t enough for him to say that he didn’t believe in love. It just made him hesitant. Cautious.
Dean and Cas said their goodbyes, and exited Cyrus’ and Sean’s home, their hearts feeling a lot heavier than they had this morning. When they got to the Impala, Dean immediately reached for the door, but Cas sort of stood there awkwardly, staring at the car before him.
Looking over his shoulder to make sure that Cas or Sam hadn’t snuck on him at some point, he closed the lid to the chest and high tailed it to his bedroom, the vials in tow. This was probably an astronomically bad idea, but it was
Dean was caught off guard by how that comment sounded to him and chastised himself for becoming such a girl since it stung. It wasn’t even about him. He didn’t care how the other angels felt about him, but he did care how they treated Cas because of it. He shrugged. “If your little coffee date is about the mark, it just seemed like it made sense for me to be there since I’m, you know,
One thing Dean was learning about diminishing grace was that it made Cas human in more ways than just needing sleep. A couple of drinks in, and Cas was clearly tipsy. Dean would be lying if he claimed he wasn’t himself, but he was too enamored by Cas being tipsy to enjoy his own buzz. The bartender kept shooting them curious glances, but the bar was so large that she made herself scarce to give them privacy, and Dean was incredibly grateful.
it. When he noticed just how bad things had gotten, he tried to stop doing it. His skin would itch, and his pores would sweat. His hands would shake, and his stomach would cramp with nausea. Sometimes he felt so weak that even lifting an arm above his head caused the muscles to ache. He felt like he had been hit by a derailing train, and yet somehow, he was also the train.
“Dean, it’s coming.” Castiel stood up straight, putting his hand on Dean’s elbow as he interrupted him. The sun was now disappearing behind the horizon, the last of its light being soaked up by the ground and only the Impala’s headlights were providing light for the Devil’s Tramping Ground.
"People that were alive prior to Chuck making them vanish were easier. Anyone that had died before then... it was more complicated than I thought. Getting Castiel out of The Empty was particularly hard-"
this. He wasn’t entirely sure if he could bring himself to hookup with her, but she was making it abundantly clear with her body language that she was more than willing. Dean tried to focus on anything other than how her eyes weren’t quite the right shade of blue.
“Listen, buddy. Don’t call me ‘freckles’, got it? How about you go find someone else to give this beer to, yeah?” Dean snapped coldly, sliding the beer back over to whatever his name was. The man looked slightly confused. Had he really taken Dean’s beer suggestion as him being interested? What the hell. When the guy got up with both beers and walked away, Dean remembered that they were in town during the gay pride parade, and internally screamed. Of course the guy had probably assumed something. Dean
The longer Cas stayed at the bunker, the harder Dean was finding it to push him away. His little game of bitching at Cas whenever he did something wrong had long since gone out the window, and instead was replaced with Dean being…clingy.
He was Dean fucking Winchester, and he wasn’t about to quit, about to kill himself. But it hurt. Everything hurt. And he wasn’t strong enough to do it alone, wasn’t weak enough to go someone as unsympathetic as his father, and wasn’t selfish enough to pick up and call Sam. But he was drowning. And despite how much air he gasped into his lungs, it was only met by sobs that shook his entire body, and pain like he had never felt before. He could deal with concussions. Being sliced open by a werewolf or chewed on by a vampire hurt, but it was bearable. Anything hunting had to throw at him, Dean could handle. But this? This was different.
Castiel knew that they had had this conversation many times since Charlie’s death. Even though they were both hurt by the young woman’s death, and there was still a lot of tension pertaining to Sam and Cas working with Rowena and keeping it a secret. Castiel had tried to take more responsibility, but Sam refused to allow him to, reminding Cas that he and Dean had went through more times of secrecy than he could count.
Dean hadn’t even noticed Sam had entered the dungeon again until he cleared his throat. Dean dropped his arms and took a step back, schooling his face so he didn’t look like a kid that had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
Dean paced back and forth in the library, absentmindedly running his fingernails over the mark of Cain hard enough to leave angry red lines in their wake. The mark buzzing, the noise it was making in the back of his head was driving him crazy. Whatever Cas had done before he had
Castiel appeared next to him with a glare, causing Dean to jump. “I wanted to make sure he was dead.” He replied airily, causing Dean to give him a sheepish grin. Castiel then turned his attention to both of them, though he struggled to pull his eyes away from Dean. “We won’t have to worry about either of them anymore.”
Cas immediately shook his head, disagreeing. “You don’t sound pathetic. It’s a good thing you and your brother are so close, many siblings don’t have that. I get along with few of mine, and the ones that I do get along with, like Gabriel… it took years for us to end up on the same page.” Dean felt himself smiling despite himself. “I’m also sure you weren’t a burden on you brother, or his girlfriend.” Cas added. “You’ve brought them up quite a bit this afternoon. I’m sure they love you just as much as you love them.”
He guessed that someone, somewhere would probably tell him that the appropriate term for him would be bisexual. He let the label bounce around in his head for a bit and muttered it out loud to get a feel of how he felt about it. It wasn’t as scary as it could be. The term didn’t scare him, it was whether or not it would change things that was scary. But even as there was this huge part of him reminding him that he had only fucked women, he knew bisexuality fit him. Bisexual. Dudes and chicks. He could handle that. Maybe.
had looked. Now he was in the corner of a cage, trembling and bloody. “I don’t know who did this to you.” Dean said to him through the bars. “but I am going to fucking
Dean flipped through the channels on the cheap motel room tv while Cas was next to him on the edge of the bed, practically pouting that Dean wouldn’t stop channel surfing for a documentary about beetles. Sam rolled his eyes at the two and continued to pack his bag so they could checkout of the motel and get an early lunch. He folded his last flannel and tucked it into his duffle just as his phone rang, Jody’s name lighting up the screen.
When they finally arrived in Salt Lake City, Utah, they didn’t bother changing into their fed suits. Jody had called her friend Sheriff Noah Mathers to let him know they were on their way, and he met them in the parking lot of the police department, a coffee in hand, so they could talk privately. Noah was a middle-aged man with a mustache and kind eyes who was about half a head shorter than Cas.
“Yes.” Cas answered, his hands immediately fumbling with the button of his pants. “But if you would’ve just given me a second-“ the jeans finally came undone, and Cas looked back up at him. They were just inches apart, and Cas let go of his grip on the denim, the jeans pooling at his feet. Dean soaked in every detail of the situation from Cas’ bird’s nest of hair to his muscular arms in the v neck,
. Dean couldn’t help but wonder if this was him pouting because Dean had refused to let him zap all three of them and the Impala to Bear Creek. Dean was pretty sure that would take a pretty large chunk of angel mojo, and now that he knew Cas’ powers were going to end up getting weaker, he couldn’t take that chance. Especially since they might need all the angel grace they could get their hands on to deal with a Tulpa that was manifesting as the devil.
He grumbled at himself, getting in line and wondering if he had bought enough bourbon for their eggnog.
The angel might still miss social cues, but Dean didn’t, and Cas obviously didn’t want to talk about his random feather. “Uh, that’s cool.” He was
“You’ll essentially be doing what you’re already doing except harder-“ Dean swallowed. “The feathers that are loose will come out once you apply more pressure. Don’t worry if I seem to lose a lot, there is already more than enough growing in and many have already grown fully. Some need to be readjusted.” Cas took Dean’s hand in his own, guiding it to an area on his left wing where the feathers seemed to be sticking up haphazardly. “They just need to be straightened out.” Cas looked at his feet nervously.  “I should warn you that once you start preening, my wings will begin to produce an oil. It’s essential for the health of the feathers. You… you may want to get gloves.” Cas blushed, and fuck did Dean want to kiss him. The angel was clearly embarrassed at the thought of his bodily fluids coming in contact with Dean’s hands, and it took a lot of will power for Dean not to make a downright filthy joke.
“It is. I’ve made it my place to protect you. You and Sam. From the moment I rebelled from Heaven for you, I made it my place to protect you.”
Magnus clasped his hands behind his back, his eyes wandering over his findings. He spoke aloud to Natasha, but the question was geared more to himself. “The angel is clearly capable of love, and for whatever reason has chosen Dean Winchester to be the object of his desire. But do you think his emotions are able to go beyond that Natalia? Or do you think this particular angel is just horribly broken?”
Castiel squinted at the other angel, taking her in as his eyes scanned her face. “No one is asking you to return. If you would rather stay on earth, by all means, stay. That’s not what I want to discuss.” Cas sighed in an almost human manner. “I’m not exactly the correct angel to convince someone to choose Heaven over earth.”
Dean grabbed at the angel’s shoulder, his hand so shaky and sweaty that it nearly slid off of his trench coat. Cas spun around so fast that they nearly crashed into each other.
“That’s not why it was awkward.” Dean replied, shaking his head and starting the car. He saw Cas tilt his head out of the corner of his eyes.
“It’s not celebrating when you’re in your boxers and a t shirt older than I am, and you’re alone.” Sam replied, sighing. He cautiously made his way over like he was afraid he might spook Dean, and Dean would take off running. He sat down at one of the dining room chairs a few feet away. Dean frowned. He knew what was coming next. “What’s up, Dean?”
Sam pushed his hair out of his face and then rubbed his eyes. When he blinked (hard), Dean was still snuggled up against Cas when his eyes opened again. A smirk immediately spread across the younger Winchester’s lips. He slowly and quietly took his phone off the nightstand and snapped a quick photo, immediately texting it to his email since they never kept burners for long. The quality wasn’t great, but it was more than enough for black mail. Sam went to clear his throat, but then he noticed how Castiel was looking at Dean. Even though the angel didn’t seem comfortable in the least bit, he didn’t seem to care. He was looking at Dean like he was the most fascinating thing on the entire planet. His big, blue eyes scanned Dean’s face slowly, and if Sam didn’t know any better, he would swear that Cas was counting each freckle on Dean’s face, his lips lifting into a smile a little more with each one.
Dean shot her his best, most empathetic smile. “We just want to explore all of our options here. We don’t want to leave any stone left unturned.”
heaven. That’s just someone else’s heaven that you enjoy. Do angels not get their own heaven? Surely you guys get your own paradise when you die.” Castiel remained silent for a moment, his eyebrows scrunched together, focused deep in thought.
Cas just looked at him in surprise, but Dean just winked at him and gently moved him out of the way, leaning into the hood of the car. Cas tried not to stare, and tried to actually pay attention to wait Dean was doing. He was sure he could learn a thing or two from whatever it was that Dean was checking, but the way Dean’s biceps flexed as he tightened and untightened things, and the way the denim of his jeans pulled across his ass when he bent over further was far too distracting.
“Sure do. Let me just make a quick call.” Dean fished his cell phone out his pocket and without two taps of his thumb, he held his phone to his ear. “Hey, Bobby. I know we’re technically closed right now, but do you think you could send someone out to pick up a car for me?” A pause. “What? God, no. You think I would let Baby breakdown? It’s for a buddy of mine.” Another pause. “Yeah, it’s in the parking lot of the Gas-N-Sip near my house-“ Dean was interrupted and frowned. “Cole? Hell no, don’t send him. I fucking hate that smug asshole. I know Garth has already gone home, but do you think you could come get it? It’s not far.” Whatever the man on the line, Bobby, was saying, caused Dean to blush and Cas smiled. “Uh, he’s not bad.” His eyes flickered to Cas and his face only turned redder. Interesting. “Yeah. Thanks, Bobby.” Dean hung up and smiled at Cas sheepishly. “My uncle Bobby owns and runs the place. Bobby Singer. He’s gonna come out and tow it up to the shop for you.”
Dean’s phone pinged, breaking his trance. He pulled it out, his face heating up when he realized just how close he and Cas been leaning into each other. It was a picture text from Sam. Dean opened it curiously and cursed loudly when he saw the picture and read the caption, realizing what Jay meant about ‘tonight, of all nights.’ It was a picture of Cas sitting up in a hotel bed in North Carolina, flipping through a lore book on Tulpas. Dean was in bed next to him, curled into his side, snuggled up to his thigh.
Cas glared at a scuff in the table, avoiding eye contact, and didn’t reply, making Dean speak up. “Come on, buddy. You know you can talk to us if something’s going on.”
Cas had even less of a filter when he had been drinking. He was currently in the middle of an in depth rant about the exact shade of green Dean’s eyes were, and it had Dean squirming in his seat, needing to change the subject. “What are you drinking?” he asked, swishing the ice in his whiskey with a flick of his wrist.
Dean eyed Sam suspiciously and handed over his phone cautiously. He had just so happened to bring it in the kitchen with him and it had been sitting on the counter next to him. He watched as Sam flopped down in the chair he had been sitting in and tapped the screen a few times before looking back up at him and motioning Dean over. Dean came closer, leaning down to look at the screen and sitting him empty bottle on the table. The screen was lit up with a soft pink background with big, red, bubbled letters that said, “Cupid’s Arrow”. Dean grimaced at the thought of the last cupid he had encountered. “It’s a dating app. But it’s not like Tinder, it’s not just for hookups.”
Smiling back at him, Dean opened his mouth to say something, but was distracted by the sound of a tow truck pulling into the parking lot. “That’s Bobby.” He exclaimed, looking delighted. It was clear that the man driving meant a great deal to Dean. Dean waved him over dramatically, even though it was obvious the truck was already making its way over to them.
The next time Dean lifted his hand to run it through the feathers, it was shaking. He was so fucking dumb. He was setting himself up to get his heart completely broken. Cas didn’t mean things the way Dean was interpreting them. He wasn’t human. He didn’t understand the significance of what he was saying, didn’t get the weight of it. His chest ached and he had to focus on his breathing and remind himself to stop getting too close to this
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas suddenly asked, his concern showing in the tent of his eyebrows. Dean thought maybe his flirting was a little too obvious, but Cas clarified by adding “After what happened today.”
“Dammit, Bobby! He’s my brother!” Dean’s fists slammed against the table, causing a pile of spell books to topple over and fall to the ground.
“Yeah, but there’s a lot of them, Eileen. Way more than you ever had in your garden. And one freakin’ stung me!”
here now. You don’t have to ask to use anything, unless it’s something that personally belongs to me or Sam.” Cas nodded, his mouth a thin line of concentration. “You’re making me uncomfortable. You gotta relax, man. Here, gimme a sec.” Dean walked out of the room and came back a few minutes later carrying a coat rack that he had seen in the storage room of the bunker a few days ago. “Here.” He said, placing it in the corner of the room. “Now you can take off your trench coat and stupid suit jacket. You know, get comfy.” Cas hesitated for a moment, but eventually stood up and stripped himself of both jackets, hanging them both carefully.
Dean balled up his empty Sonic back and threw it at Sam’s head too. “When two people are under it, they’re supposed to kiss.” He mumbled, pinching the bridge of his nose. Cas looked at him in alarm, his eyes flickering to Dean’s lips. “Sam just thinks he’s funny, Cas. It’s a prank.” Dean’s glare could cut through glass when he looked back at his brother.
at the same time. Cas was in his bed like he belonged there, sleep warm and ruffled. His hair was sticking up in every direction and he was looking down at Dean like
Ricardo bit his lip and quickly looked over to the bathrooms his coworker had went to. When he saw that the coast was clear, he darted behind the desk and immediately started typing on the computer. His fingers flew over the keys as he kept glancing over to the bathroom and he eventually exhaled a sigh of relief and grinned at Sam, Cas, and Dean. He slid two electronic key cards across the desk at them and said, “Detective Lector, the penthouse has been booked for you and your partners.”
When the bartender came over to the guy, he purchased two Bud Lights and slide one over to Dean. “I know you already have a drink, but I figured you’ll eventually run out, right?” The guy laughed nervously. Dean looked at him in confusion, and then shot a glance at Cas who was observing the two of them with utter curiosity. “So what brings you here, freckles?” Dean choked on his beer.
sitting next to nearly six foot of handsome, blue eyed angel that only had eyes for him. He shuddered and turned back to Cas. “Jesus, you can’t suggest a beer to someone these days without them thinking you want to suck their dick.”
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean whispered. He wanted to continue, blurt out every single thing he was thanking Castiel for, but he stopped there. The angel smiled ever so slightly, and removed his hand, suddenly leaving Dean feeling much colder. “How’s Heaven?” Dean asked, taking the opportunity to change the subject. Cas shifted on the bed uncomfortably, so Dean pushed on. “You know you can come to me if you need anything, right? And you can stay here. You can even hunt with us if you want.”
Dean stopped the music app on his phone and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment as he tried to force the immediate and invasive thoughts of Cas from his mind. He opened his eyes again, exiting out of the music app entirely and instead, reluctantly opened the dating app Sam had installed. It was time to get over Cas.
“Thank you, Sam. I can’t wait to read it. The Enochian on the cover is flawless, so I’m assuming what’s written within will be as well.” Cas was giving Sam a soft look of appreciation, so naturally Dean made a gagging noise that they both ignored.
Cas just raised an eyebrow at Dean and he bit his lip, cheeks turning pink as he avoided Cas’ eyes and instead glared at the older man. “Bobby…” he whined. “Stop trying to embarrass me.”
he had fallen into Seb’s trap so easily, he pulled at his cuffs again. “Do you think you could let me out of these?” Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean but must have realized that he could be trusted, the Mark’s effects had passed for now. The angel pressed his palm against the cuffs and the sigils lit up light blue before the cuffs unclicked. “Wow didn’t even need the key, huh?” Dean asked trying to lighten the mood. He knew there was a meltdown boiling under the surface. He knew he was one wrong word away from flipping the fuck out because
Dean was able to pathetically wallow in his own petulant self-loathing and sadness all the way until 9am before Sam knocked on his door. He groaned loudly and burrowed himself deeper into the burrito of blankets he had wrapped himself in. The bunker wasn’t by any means cold with the heat jacked up since it was January, and he was actually sweating under all the layers, but something about it was comforting. He glared in the darkness of his blanket cave. He hadn’t even seen
But last night, right as Sam was about to crawl out of bed and wake Dean up, he had heard Dean call out Castiel’s name. Sam had very carefully peaked through his lashes to see Cas appear as Dean sat up in bed. Sam knew Dean would kill him for eavesdropping, but what was he supposed to do? It’s not like he could get up and leave. All Sam knew was that he was immensely thankful for the trench coat wielding celestial being, for everything. Especially making his brother's life a little more bearable.
The psychopath beekeeper smiled. It was a nice smile that didn’t show on his lips as much as it showed in his big, blue eyes. He waved his hand and the bee flew away without so much as buzzing angrily. “I am. Are you interested in my honey?”
“You shouldn’t feel guilty, Cas. You’re allowed to enjoy yourself from time to time, even if you’ve screwed up. We’ve all screwed up. You’re no exception just because you got wings.” Dean glanced over at Cas, and the angel didn’t look convinced in the least bit. He sighed deeply. “Listen…I'll always be a hunter. It'll always be my priority. But I still enjoy being with you. I don’t have to feel guilty just because I have fun kicking back from time to time. And you’ve done enough for the angels and Heaven. Hell, you’ve done more than your own father.” Cas shot dean a narrow eyed look because of his blasphemy. Dean smiled back at him sheepishly. “C’mon, Cas. Don’t worry about Heaven right now.”
“Yeah. This place is huge.” Dean turned to Cas. “You’re with me. There’s too many people here for me to be able to keep an eye on you.” Cas opened his mouth, but Dean interrupted. “I know you don’t need a baby sitter, Cas. Just trust me on this one.” Dean nodded to Sam before going off in his own direction, dragging Cas with him.
Dean was transfixed on the screen and didn’t acknowledge Cas’ comment until the screen shifted to a commercial break. “We’ve talked about this, Cas. Tv shows and movies are rarely 100% accurate. It’s not supposed to be a learning experience, it’s supposed to be entertainment.” He replied, finally taking his eyes off of the television. Castiel didn’t comment on the fact that he didn’t find an inaccurate show to be entertaining. Dean’s eyes suddenly flickered to his neck and chest. “If you’re going to have your sleeves rolled up and your tie off, you need to at least button one or two of the top buttons of your shirt. Otherwise it looks stupid. Didn’t we talk about that before your Gas-N-Sip date?”
“Adam was a volunteer for the gay pride parade that’s starting tomorrow. He was really excited about finally getting off the waiting list and being able to help the cause, especially since he’s so young.” Dean glanced down at his notes and frowned deeply. The kid had only been 19. “He decided to stay at the hotel since it’s practically in the middle of the festival. It was easier than having to drive back and forth all weekend. The pride parade is a very big deal in this town, especially since this is the south. It was the first town in Virginia to hold a parade. People come from all over the state. Adam signed in a few days early to help set up the streamers and flags… he was just so happy…” Mrs. Brayden started crying again, and Cas’ eyes were wide, having no clue how to respond.
“I, uh… what? It’s not like that.” Dean insisted. “He’s my best friend. He works cases with me and Sammy. He’s not my boyfriend.”
At first Dean thought it was cocaine. Most hunters had dabbled in it when sleeping was not an option during a hunt, and could result in a very unpleasant death. But that wasn’t Dean’s thing. Having to do it was usually the result of a screw up somewhere, and if there was one thing that John had taught him, it was
“You’re in a good mood.” Sam grumbled, trying to tame his hair now that it was sticking up everywhere. He looked Dean over suspiciously, a focused frown on his face.
Dean sank back onto the stiff, unpleasant hotel bed. He was numb, and it was beautiful. It was like “Comfortably Numb” by Pink Floyd made perfect sense. His mind wasn’t racing with a million negative thoughts, his eyes were no longer leaking tears, his chest no longer heaved, gasping in air that didn’t seem to help at all. Dean felt warm, and euphoric, and completely relaxed for the first time since he was a child. Maybe for the first time
Cas sighed and thought long and hard for a moment, avoiding Dean’s eyes. When he finally looked up, he looked like he wanted to flap out of the room and Dean swallowed hard. He could feel his breath picking up speed and his heart beating too fast. Maybe Cas had regretted the forehead kiss. Maybe he realized it was a mistake and wished he wouldn’t have wasted it on someone that was to blame for him being captured and tortured. Maybe-
Dean narrowed his eyes at him. “C’mon, Cas. We’re trying to help you. Whip those bad boys out and tell us what we need to do.”
Dean could hear screams while Cas pressed his palms to vampires and burned their eyes out, leaving nothing but an empty shell. He could hear Sam grunting, fighting his way tooth and nail through the nest. He could hear the swing of his machete, and the sickening
One of the only working lightbulbs in the room suddenly flickered and then exploded. Dean felt a whoosh of wind, and Cas appeared in front of him, Sam at his side. Sam stumbled a bit at the landing, but then immediately pulled out a knife and started cutting through the rope around Dean’s wrists. “Sammy! Great timing.” Dean said, his voice full of false bravado.
about it, that’s different. Right now… you just have to sit back and ship it.” Sam made the mistake of asking what that meant and regretted it. Charlie went down the rabbit hole about the topic, including bringing up fanart and fanfiction. Sam stopped her when she went into detail about just how graphic both of them could be, and Sam nearly gagged at the thought of his brother and Cas like that. “But… that doesn’t mean you can’t play subtle matchmaker. Those two dumb dumbs have been toeing around this for years, they could probably use a push.”
The inner flesh of Dean’s arm where his forearm met his bicep was littered with little, angry red dots.  Castiel cautiously dragged his index finger over them as the gears began grinding in his head. He had been so panicked, so terrified of finding Dean in such a bad state that he hadn’t even allowed his brain to process what could have possibly caused it. The little red marks where the home of injection sites. Dean had been doing drugs.
Castiel placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder while the hunter bit back tears. “Dean… how could you do this to yourself?” Castiel got no warning before Dean’s panic turned to anger, his eyes narrowing bitterly as he once again struggled to sit up properly, knocking Castiel’s hand off.
, the tight, crushing feeling in his chest wasn’t going away despite the sudden onslaught of endorphins making him high. His heart was beating against he chest painfully and he couldn’t breathe. At first, he thought he was just having another panic attack, because he had been having a damn near embarrassing amount of those lately since the Djinn juice had become a crutch and he had a hard time coping without it. But something felt off. Felt
Dean grinned. “Maybe you’re actually getting the hang of the whole having a sense of humor thing.” He complimented, reveling in the way that Cas’ eyes softened at being praised. “Do you even have any resolutions? Being an angel and all?”
Dean had always hated when Cas left, but he didn’t even want to imagine him leaving now. The thought of it hurt way too much. He needed Cas, he needed Cas
“Oh, no. It’s n-not even like th-that….I was j-just leaving…” Todd gestured to the door with his thumb over his shoulder, wincing at the strain on his arm that would be bruised from Castiel’s fingertips in the near future. The man stumbled away from Castiel quickly, and Castiel glared after him, sure he fled without even covering his bar tab.
A strong gust of wind made its way through the forest surrounding the grass-less circle on the earth, causing leaves to rustle, twigs to snap, and branches to bend. When the gale reached the tramping ground, it kicked up a cloud of dust causing Sam and Dean to cover their eyes momentarily. Castiel squinted through the dust and dirt, his angel blade dropping from his sleeve. The dust settled, and Dean blinked the dirt out of his eyes, revealing the massive beast that the Tulpa had manifested as.
. He was pretty sure Sam was going to marry this woman, and while she was incredible at reading lips, he felt like he should at least learn a little sign language.
All of their leads ran cold as the hours slipped by. If Gabriel was still alive, he was either no longer in Bora Bora, or he was in hiding.
Dean bent over to bang his head against the table a few times dramatically. When he lifted his head, he saw that the conversation had officially grabbed Castiel’s attention. Dean looked back over to Sam. “So you’re telling me that we could be dealing with some sort of manifestation of Lucifer?”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Dean dropped his jeans and let them pool at his feet, trying to ignore that Cas’ eyes tracked the movement. He knew he needed to brush his teeth, but he was honestly too tired and the cheap, warm bed was calling his name. He slid underneath the covers with a pleased sigh and knew that come morning he would miss his memory foam mattress, but at least it was warm enough. “‘M just tired.” He mumbled, snuggling into the lumpy, stale pillow. Dean turned off the bedside lamp, but before he did, he caught a faint hint of a smile on Castiel’s lips.
“And what’s the catch? You helped Dean Winchester kill me. Why void that decision?” Magnus couldn’t hide the curious glint in his eyes, his interest piqued.
Dean had half a mind to call Cas down in hopes of distracting himself. But he tried to do that as little as possible. He wasn’t sure what condition the angel’s mojo was in despite having it back, and now he felt guilty because he hadn’t taken the time to ask. “Fuck.” Dean muttered, running his fingers through his hair in frustration. He guessed he was just going to spend half the night thinking about Cas, and the other half making himself feel like shit. But there was this strange pull he was feeling inside his mind, that maybe all of this was what he needed. He had spent so much time trying to push these thoughts and emotions down, that maybe his brain was sick of the shit and wanted him to finally figure it all out. Dean began to grit his teeth, took a deep breath, and finally let the memory he was avoiding seep into his mind.
Dean thought that the third day into his move would be better. He had every reason to believe it would. He woke up to birds singing and the sun shining, and he had found the Impala’s leaking issue relatively quickly, which provided him with some free time since he had opted out on moving the heavier furniture until his little brother Sam got off work and could help him. Free time meant he could finally do what he had been
Dean held out his hands placatingly. “My bad. Uh, I just wanted to make sure you’re good. You are good, right, Cas?” Castiel glared at him. Dean kept touching his feathers. No, he was not
At first it had been nice. Dean and Sam never really had time to relax, and being able to kick back and watch Netflix and research the Mark of Cain had been a nice change of pace… for a while. After about the third day, Dean was losing his mind. He was beyond suspicious that things had been so quiet, the mark included. Sam had said that Rowena made sure to explain that the spell she used would only keep the mark calm temporarily, but Dean couldn't help but wonder at what cost. He could already feel the affects lesson with each passing day. His fingers were itching to curl around a gun, or a knife, or
Cas had tensed up ridiculously, and Dean wondered if he said something wrong. “Most angels do. Maybe not quite always white, but a variation of light, neutral colors. Eggshell, ivory, pearl, cream, champagne…every angel’s wings are different. Even if the color may be the same as another angel, there will be some sort of difference like speckles of tawny across each feather…much like your freckles.” Dean blushed for the millionth time and wondered when he became such a girl. “The slight differences are not always visible to the naked eye but often become more predominant during mating season-“
Without hesitation, Castiel pulled up an app that Sam had installed on his phone. The app was sometimes a bit glitchy because it was originally designed to be a program on a computer, but Sam had been able to play around with it enough to make it work on phones. It zeroed in on locations, and Cas would be able to tell where the call came from. It was a slow process, but finally the cursor zoomed in on a location on a map of the united states.  Boise, Idaho. He immediately flew to the location within the town with resoluteness, but the moment his human feet landed, he could tell something was very wrong. He nearly fell to his knees at the overwhelming surge of magic that he felt hit him. Staggering, he looked around the room of the abandoned home that the cell phone had been tracked to. His vision blurred, a deafening thrumming coursed through his ears as he tried to focus on the footsteps he heard approaching. Castiel tried to take a step forward but could not maintain his balance and fell to the floor. He tried to draw his angel blade but knew he was defenseless against whatever was approaching, the magic in the room, in the entire building was too powerful. He blinked his blurry eyes, trying to decipher the sigils painted in blood on the walls. They were ancient, some of which were Enochian, and he hadn’t seen many of them used in centuries.
It didn’t take Dean long of freaking out before he caved and turned to the Djinn essence for some moral support. He went to sleep that night no longer freaking out about Christmas gifts, and dreamt of drowning in a vast, beautiful ocean, but for some reason, he wasn’t afraid.
“I expected them to be bigger. Isn’t you true size like, enough to make a T-Rex quiver in your wake or some shit?” Dean commented, feeling the wings becoming more and more oily the longer his finger raked through them.
It was nothing like Dean expected. It was kissing until both of them were breathless, and had to take a moment to breathe. It was awkward laughter. It was bumping foreheads, and tripping while trying to kick off boxers. It was piercing blue eyes searching hunter green ones, making sure every movement was comfortable. It was clumsy hands groping, and stubble burned skin. It was lazy, uncoordinated thrusting. It was
Dean was rendered speechless. He knew that Sam had a point, but Cas stood before him, battered and bruised, one of his wings hanging at a weird angle, blood now running from cuts that had been ripped back open because of the way his arm was stretched, cutting off Magnus’ airway, and Dean couldn’t side with Sam. He didn’t have half a clue of all the things Magnus’ had done to Cas, but he immediately knew that Magnus deserved to be sent right back to Hell where he belonged. He met Cas’ conflicted eyes with determined ones, and just barely nodded. Cas’ eyes hardened as he tightened his grip, crushing Magnus’ windpipe and letting him crumple to the floor. Sam and Dean were immediately freed from there magical bindings, but suddenly Cas’ wings drooped, and he suddenly seemed so small. Dean immediately ran over, ripping the angel blade from Magnus’ back while Sam checked his pockets.
A couple of hours into gardening, Dean was covered from head to toe in dirt, slightly sunburned, and incredibly exhausted, but things were already looking beautiful. The flowers, and even the mint, were the perfect pop of color not far from the willow tree whose leaves tickled the surface of the pond it was growing next to. It looked like something out of a fucking Bob Ross painting, and Dean couldn’t be prouder. He had definitely earned the gallon of water he was about to chug, and the beer he planned on cracking after. He rehydrated himself and heated up some lasagna right as afternoon began creeping in. He popped the top to an El Sol and decided to take one last look at his garden before Sam came over, and that’s where it all went wrong.
“Whatever, Castiel. Don’t say I didn’t try to tell ya.” She picked up her phone again and starting thumbing away at the screen. Cas sighed and left her to it, standing to approach the two brothers. The conversation was clearly over, and Sam was going to kill Dean if he suggested one more mobster movie. It was time to intervene.
“Castiel.” Dean tried out the name, and liked the way it felt on his tongue. It was an odd name, but Castiel seemed like an odd guy, and it was definitely hotter than Steve. “Well, Castiel, you must be new here. This is the closest gas station to my house, so I come here a lot, and I’ve never seen you here before. I think I would remember a handsome guy like you.”
“What?” Dean asked dumbly, completely distracted by the bounce of her chest as she worked the boots off.
Natasha sighed dramatically, drawing his angel blade from her belt loop. Castiel was so familiar with the movement that he didn’t need to be looking at her to know exactly what she was doing, he could tell just by the sound. She approached him and Castiel kept his eyes closed firmly. She wouldn’t kill him, that much he knew. She knew better. Magnus would do far worse to her than end her life if something happened to his favorite pet. She grabbed him by the hair, jerking his head back hard, forcing Cas’ eyes open and looking directly at her. The entirety of her eyes were black, trying to intimidate him into complying as if he couldn’t see her true form. “You know that things will be worse if you keep him waiting.” That’s all she needed to say to get him to rise to his feet.
Dean grinned and tried to keep his smile from falling as he wondered why things couldn’t always be like this. Things were still tense between him and Sam, but they always fell back to this, moments where they weren’t hunters, they weren’t the two people responsible for saving the world, they were just brothers. Dean selfishly wondered if there would be less and less of these moments if Sam really was interested in Eileen romantically. The thought wouldn’t be so scary if he could count on Cas to be there, because for whatever fucking reason, he couldn’t be alone, but even though Cas lived at the bunker now he never
was cute? Dean was already hopelessly head over heels for the guy, what more did the universe want from him?
Sam looked at him sympathetically. “I hope so.” He took a sip of his latte and sat his tablet down, no doubt looking for a hunt. “How did they get you back there, man? How did you not know that the guy from the bar was a vampire?”
“I always come when you call. Always.” His voice was strong and loyal, but Dean picked up on the strained emotion in his eyes.
“Then why do you watch it?” Cas asks, taking the bait as if Dean Winchester would ever have to bait him when it came to learning more about the hunter.
. That’s easier said than done. If I knew of a way to kill him, I would’ve offed Feathers years ago.” Crowley responded with an eyeroll.
Dean bit his lip nervously, avoiding Sam’s eyes for a moment. He finally let their eyes meet. “You realize this means I’m uh…. I guess I’m into dudes too, right?”
Though it seemed a little forced, she smiled back at him before putting her headphones back in her ears and pulling out her phone to tap away on it.
“Go ahead, Cas.” He pointed to the solid purple four ball. “Try to get it in this pocket.” He then pointed to the bottom left pocket, the one closest to the ball.
When he finally realized that he had the time to start on a garden of his own, his week was supposed to get better. He had made the trip to Lowe’s in record time, even though he had been driving gingerly on the way back to keep dirt from getting in his baby’s backseat. He didn’t have all the things he wanted for the garden, but it was a start. Lowe’s hadn’t had the biggest variety of flowers, and it was nothing too fancy, but the purple coneflowers, black-eyed Susans, dahlias, and peonies would do for now. He even threw in some giant blue hyssops. Eileen had told him that
“If I’m being honest, I haven’t really explored much outside of my apartment and work.” Cas replied, avoiding Kevin’s eyes. Every time he moved somewhere new, people always asked questions. He knew they were only being nice and trying to get to know him better, but he preferred his privacy.
“Uh, that’s great, Cas. It’s New Year’s Eve. We were gonna celebrate. Kick back and have a few beers, write down some New Years resolutions, watch the ball drop, that sort of thing.”
of character development between 10x22 and 12x23. This Crowley has not experienced any of that growth. Don't expect him to be the good guy.
Castiel thought, and nearly blurted out, but he just shook his head. “We need to find Gabriel. The Mark of Cain is affecting Dean more than we originally thought.”
introduce myself. I am Magnus. A Man of Letters and a collector of creatures and magic alike. Don’t confuse me for someone else, I am much, much more than your run of the mill witch. Much more powerful too.” He motioned to Castiel on the ground. “But I’m sure you can tell that.”
Cas smiled against his lips and slid further down the bed, pulling Dean’s boxer briefs off in one quick, practiced movement before removing his own. Dean decided to refrain from commenting on the fact that they had little bees on them. Cas spread Dean’s thighs, fitting between them perfectly as he began to kiss a trail down Dean’s chest and stomach. Dean’s hands were already fisting in their silk sheets, his cock straining for attention. He would take a hundred more bee stings, a million more, if it meant that he got to keep this forever, if it meant that he always got to wake up to the completely insatiable love of his life.
“I have no clue if any of it’s accurate.” Sam said shrugging. “Or if the language is even written correctly. I thought in the least if it’s a bunch of bupkis, you’d at least get a kick out of it.”
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean said softly, taking the jar. Cas just nodded, continuing to stand in his doorway awkwardly. Dean decided now was just as good as any time to start toeing the line and see if Cas liked guys. Dammit. Why did Sam and Benny always have to be right. “Hey, so uh, I just got done cooking dinner. And I’m kinda used to cooking for two or three people so I definitely have too much. You can stay, if you want.”
“You want us to write down New Years resolutions?” Sam asked skeptically. He was already parked in front of the television in the den on New Year’s Eve, his long limbs barely contained in the worn, comfortable recliner to the right of the couch. He had a beer cracked open and had just gotten down with a shower, his hair still damp and floppy. His eyes already looked tired from the amount of time he had spent in front of his laptop earlier checking the algorithm for any sign of Rowena.
. Like none of this hunter stuff had ever even happened. Like…. Like things should be.” Castiel looked at Sam sadly. The man and his brother were constant reminders that even though Castiel had sacrificed much to save the world, some had sacrificed even more. Sam returned his gaze. The memory, or vision, or near death experience, or whatever it had been, had been pleasant. But something had felt like it was missing, and Sam knew it didn’t take a rocket scientist to know that the missing piece consisted of the people in this house with him right now. Seeing Castiel’s eyes mirror how he felt, he decided to change the subject. “What’s your heaven, Cas?”
Dean pulled some music up on his phone before he started mopping. The music kept him distracted, and kept him in a fairly good mood. The bunker was too quiet with no Sammy and no Cas. Listening to nothing but his own breathing and heartbeat was going to send him to the looney bin, especially with all of the dark thoughts that tried to fill the silence. Dean shook his head and started in the living room first. He turned up the volume all the way on his phone and tossed in on the table, not wanting to bother looking for his headphones in his room. After a few minutes of cleaning, his mood continued to lift because he was too preoccupied for the invasive thoughts like how he should apologize to Cas. The shuffle music option on his phone was making him proud and playing only upbeat songs and he found himself singing along, and even dancing a little. He paused the strum at his mop that he was currently using as a makeshift guitar.
An anger, a possessiveness like Castiel had never felt before immediately surged through him like fire, his eyes glowing ethereal blue with with grace, the whole cave lighting up with it as his hands shook. Vera immediately hissed in pain, the light far too much for her scaled form. She scrambled off of Dean to dive into the shelter of the dark water, and all it took was one flap of his wings for Castiel to immediately be at Dean’s side now that he knew exactly where he was.
“I’m referring to her as a ‘she’ because she took a female vessel. She always has in during all the times she returned to earth. I’m not the only angel that grew found of a particular vessel.”
“I wish I was, buddy. But this? This ain’t how things are between us. Not in the real world.” He hated how his voice broke. He hated how he could feel tears springing to his eyes.
was the crazy one. Cas didn’t even need to sleep, and he certainly didn’t just reach for Dean’s dick like it was something he did all the time.
She nodded. “I suppose I should thank you as well. I know you were the reason that the angels fell in the first place… but you righted your wrongs. I have to admit, it’s a lot easier to fly under Heaven’s radar with my wings back.” Castiel twitched nervously at the mention of wings and Ariel looked at him curiously. “You did get your wings back as well, right?”
The backyard of his new house was what reeled him in. There was a big, open space not far from a gorgeous, old willow tree and small pond that would be absolutely perfect for his garden, and maybe if he wouldn’t have fixated on the yard so much, he would have noticed what a fixer upper the house actually was, but he didn’t care. So, while he finally had some time, he stuffed a BLT in his mouth and grabbed his gardening tools with zero shame.
“Where did you even find that?” Dean asked, narrowing his eyes at Sam, more than a little jealous that his gift to Cas wasn’t nearly this cool.
Olivia shrugged. “She refused to get out of the photo op line for Chris Pine.” Olivia laughed, a tinkling little thing that Dean wasn’t amused by. “She said you could come find her, that she didn’t almost get attacked by a ghost to
“Cas, how do we get out of here?” Dean asked as Cas slouched to the floor, immediately pulling his wings in on himself but keeping his eyes on Sam and Dean.
“Are you alright?” he asked, noticing that Dean was buttoning his pants up and was unable to stop himself from tracking the movement with his eyes.
Dean typed in ‘violent deaths in Quantico, Virginia’ into the search engine, and the news article popped up instantly. He wished Charlie was still around. He had never gotten the chance to thank her for the high speed connection she hooked the bunker up with. He had never gotten the chance to do a lot of things. He pushed the thoughts out of his mind.
Castiel was holding his favorite bee, Bumbledore (named by a highly amused Dean), when he heard it. It was a fuzzy, strained, desperate prayer from Dean, and it was just one word. “
Dean chuckled, and it warmed Cas. “I think that’s the endgame we all want, buddy. But I think you might have to be a little less vague in order to figure it out. What would make you happy?”
Noah took a gulp of his coffee, making a face at the fact that it had already become lukewarm in the cold January air. “They claimed their hotel room was haunted and that a spirit tried to harm them. I wasn’t buying it either at first. They told me they were doing some dumb internet challenge where you try to summon some guy named Charlie. I saw the empty fruit punch jugs and liquor bottles and about dismissed them until I saw one of the pencils sticking out of the wall.” When Dean raised his eyebrows questioningly, Noah quickly ran all three through the game and what relevance the pencil had. When he was done, he sighed. “I can’t really see how they would be able to shove the pencil that far in the wall without breaking it, or why they would have, and they were all completely spooked. They begged the hotel staff to move their room, but the entire hotel was sold out because it’s on the same property as the convention center. I checked in on them this morning and told them that some officers might be stopping by today and asked them if they would be okay with the officers checking out the room without them being there. They hadn’t slept a wink and looked relieved to know that someone would be stopping by again and that they were being taken seriously.”
“I’m not worried about your little boyfriend.” Seb snapped. Dean smirked. The fear in the vampire’s eyes told a different story.
Castiel glared at him but didn’t reply. Their time in the sun had caused Dean’s freckles to become more prominent, and even caused a few new ones to appear. There was now a stray one on his bottom lip that was woefully distracting.
Dean rounded another ominous turn in the hallway, gripping his machete so tight that his knuckles turned white. It was hard being quiet, and he wasn’t even sure why he bothered when he knew from personal experience that a vampire’s senses were heightened and every single one of his quiet footsteps probably sounded like loud thudding to them. Dean freakin’ hated vampires.
“I sure do, sweetie. My husband and I do. It belonged to my parents, and their parents before them.” She smiled back, and Dean noticed her eyes checking him out up and down. Damn it felt good to be handsome.
“Uh, when do you think you’ll make that decision?” Dean asked nervously, steeling his facial expression.
“Cas, go with Sam and help him look.” Dean said, teasingly shoving Cas after Sam when he walked away.
Dean swallowed hard and picked up the pan to toss the now ruined piece of toast so that he could start over with honey. Sam had been… low-pressure since Cas got back. Dean had caught the look on his face numerous times where he was sure Sam was going to ask what was going on between them and why Dean was toeing the line, but he never did. He had his accusations that something had happened before finding out about Magnus, and he had definitely seen Dean completely nuzzle into Cas’ hair and kiss his temple when they finally found him, and yet here he was, keeping his mouth shut and just… letting Dean be.
The days changed to weeks, that bled into months surprisingly fast. Things didn’t get easier. Dean lost himself in hunting anything evil that bled and going on horrible dates from
And that’s when it finally clicked in Sam’s head and all his thoughts came to a screeching halt. He knew it.
“Everyone Sam and I questioned had similar stories about how nothing seemed to change in the victim’s schedules or demeanor. For us to take out this nest, our only real option is finding the nest without the help of locals. I don’t feel like the nest is close by.”
Dean froze. Oh fuck. This was getting way too real, way too fast, and he was mostly sober. “Honestly, Cas… I felt like I needed a distraction.” Dean hadn’t even realized the seat to his left was taken until the guy sitting next to him joined the conversation.
. The AC unit is running now but if it shuts off tonight because the room gets too cold, the bed is going to be furnace with you wearing an entire suit in it.” Dean himself was only wearing boxers and a plain black shirt that he often wore under one of his plaid over shirts.
Halfway through the first episode, Dean realized he was no longer paying attention. All he could think about was how he was pleasantly full, in the process of getting pleasantly drunk, and was surrounded by the two people that meant the most to him. The Djinn juice was keeping the Mark silent, and while there was no sign of Crowley and Rowena, there was also no sign that they were up to no good. Dean was… happy. As happy as he could be with all the shit he’d been through, and all the other shit knocking on his door.
Cas had already started spending more time outside the bunker too. Dean knew it was with Ariel, and Dean tried really fucking hard to be happy for Cas if there was something going on there. Cas must have known that Dean was suspecting something, because he kept assuring Dean that he and Ariel were simply looking for someone. He would never tell Dean who it was or why they were looking for the person or angel. So now
"Charlie, Charlie, are you there?" was a real internet challenge a couple of years ago and it's a game that's been around forever. It's basically a two second Ouija board, and seems like something that would be in the first five minutes of a Supernatural episode.... and thus this chapter was born.
“Jesus, Dean. You’re a terrible host.” Sam said, laughing. He grabbed the plate and piled on all of the sides so the steak wasn’t quite so lonely, and then handed it Cas. “What do you want to drink, Cas?”
All the presents were around the table that their mini, lit up Christmas tree sat on, and Dean vowed that if they all lived long enough to celebrate another Christmas, they would at least go out and get a real one. Sam had been in charge of the stockings since it had been his idea and had thankfully remembered to take them off of the hooks on the fireplace mantle before lighting the fire since 90% of what was in the stocking was candy.
Castiel slammed the door to the impala a little harder than he needed to. Picking up on his foul mood, Sam had immediately made a beeline for the backseat, allowing Castiel to slide in the front passenger seat next to Dean.
Cas pushed in agonizingly slowly, and Dean held on for dear life. The intensity of it combined with the way Cas was looking at him was almost too much. He wrapped his legs around Cas’ waist, pulling him in closer. A needy sound escaped Cas’ lips and Cas lost all his composure, bracing himself on his arms on both sides of Dean as he began thrusting deep inside his boyfriend. This was Dean’s favorite part of sex with Cas. It wasn’t the mind-blowing orgasms (those were pretty great too), but it was how it was like Cas was physically unable to stop touching him, stop kissing him.
“Dean.” Cas warned. Dean grinned, pulling back so that he could see Cas’ face. There was no way he was going to miss the exact moment he brought Cas to climax. Cas grunted and thrusted into Dean’s fist one last time before his eyes lit up an ethereal blue and he started coming as his wings suddenly folded out from behind his back, extending as far as they could. The lightbulbs in the ceiling fan above them exploded as Cas covered Dean’s stomach with his load.
Dean suddenly felt the Mark of Cain sear angrily on his arm, burning bright red against his freckled skin. Cas raised a hand, blue-white light burning from his palm. All the vampires shielded their eyes and Dean screamed “Now, Sam!” True to his word, Dean went after Violet first. She was in such shock that she didn’t put up much of a fight as the blade went straight through her neck, splattering blood all over Dean. The Mark throbbed happily, and suddenly all of Dean’s concern and fear was replaced with the animalistic and uncontrollable urge to
Dean’s fist hovered just a few inches from Cas’ door and he was about to tuck tail and run in the other direction when the door swung open. Dean jumped and almost dropped the food but composed himself and tried not to choke on his on tongue at the site of Cas. Cas’ hair was messy, and he was bed rumpled, rubbing his eyes to wake up. He was wearing the hoodie Dean had gotten him for Christmas and Dean absolutely did not have the heart to explain to him that the weather was getting far too warm out for a hoodie not to look weird. He let the guy wander around for years in a suit and trench coat, the hoodie couldn’t hurt, right? Dean gave him a soft smile and went to comment on them sharing breakfast when he noticed Cas’ pants.
Cas knew his mom only wanted the best for him. She was terrified of what would happen if people found out that he was a shapeshifter, how he would be treated differently for something that was entirely out of his control. But he couldn’t help but wonder how many interactions like this he had missed out on in his life by her being so protective of him. Cas reminded himself she was probably right in her fears and suspicions of other people. They often lashed out when it came to things they didn’t understand, and few people even knew that shapeshifters were real. Most wouldn’t even believe it. Cas found himself wondering how Dean would react if he knew. He seemed like the type that would be accepting if he actually believed it, but Cas had thought that about people in the past. It was the reason he vowed to never tell another soul.
“I’m not being ‘weird and avoidant’.” Dean snapped. “He’s just off doing angel shit with Ariel and he’s all secretive about it, so I don’t know what the fuck to tell you.” His jaw clenched, but he saw an opening and he took it. “Why are you so concerned about me and Cas anyway? I feel like I should be asking you questions about this Eileen chick. You’ve been hunting with her a lot.” Dean finally took his eyes off the road and was shocked to see a blush painting his brother’s face. He was mostly just being a dick, he didn’t realize his comment may have hit home.
“I know.” Dean sighed. “Can it not wait a few hours? It’s almost morning, and according to our own research, the spirit only attacks during the dead of night. We won't even have time to find the body and burn it before it'll be daylight and we'll have some serious 'splaining to do. Let's just let Sam sleep and do it tonight.”
I know that Salt Lake City Comic-Con is in September and not January, but being a writer gives me the ability to play god for a bit and time is a human construct, or something clever like that.
Cas looked pleased as he said, “In all lore, what the devil is defeating by is God.” His eyes scanned over Dean’s face, counting freckles and searching eyes. “You should be asleep. You drove all the way through the night.”
Castiel’s own whirlwind of emotions decided to take a pitstop at anger too. “You were worried about hurting Sam and I? As if finding you facedown,
“Jeez, Dean. It’s good to see you too.” Charlie looked down at Dean’s hand and raised an eyebrow. “If you wanted to get in Cas’ pants, all you had to do was ask.” She added smirking.
Dean didn’t want to admit it, but he was scared. He was the only one being realistic. They hadn’t managed to find
He ran over to Sam, checking to see if he was still breathing, and getting his little brother’s blood all over his hands in the process. He looked down at his hands, the blood staining the skin, and balled his hands into fists. He looked over at the Tulpa, who was currently preoccupied with fighting Castiel.
. One of the only true good guys left, and his willing to fight by his side. He didn’t feel worthy of this kind of loyalty and devotion. Dean really felt the urge to hug him again, but he heard rustling in the kitchen. Bobby was back with the beer.
The Enochian book that Sam had gotten him for Christmas caught his eye, it’s metallic lettering on the spine catching the dim light of the room just right. It was one of the many books upon a bookshelf that Dean had installed in his room. Castiel felt a little guilty that he still hadn’t gotten around to reading it, but any time reading something not pertaining to the mark felt like time wasted to him. Sam had asked him once if he read it, but when Castiel said he had been too busy, and they locked eyes, Sam just
Sitting in their room drinking whiskey just wasn’t cutting it, and Dean had convinced Sam to join him in finding a bar. There was one within walking distance to Briar Cliff, and Dean was pleased to see a couple of pool tables. They were running low on cash, and the current credit card he was using was starting to push its limit. It was time to get piss drunk and pretend like he was too drunk to play. Hustling was simple, and it would take it mind off of all the shit with the ghost earlier. Dumb bitch. Thought he was into Cas. Was she fucking crazy? Yeah Cas was awesome,
Dean threw a couple of bills down on the dining table and chugged the rest of his now cold coffee. He glanced over at Cas, who was watching him carefully.
Dean finally looked up, clearly relieved that Cas hadn’t zeroed in on his comment. “I don’t know. ‘Cupid’s Arrow’ has to be the shittiest dating app ever. You have to fill out all these questions, and based on how you answer them, it determines if you’re compatible with anyone else. You have to match with them at least 60% to even be able to message them.” He snorted. “I think the highest percent I had with someone was like 40-something? It’s a waste of time.” He made sure to fix Sam with a hard stare along with that last line.
“I believe you’re the one that’s stubborn. How often do I have to remind you that everything I’ve done, I’ve done for you? And you still don’t seem to understand.”
“I planned on spending time with you.” Cas said, as if that wasn’t a comment that made Dean’s heart flutter. “And Sam.” He added slowly, as if he had forgotten about Sam for a moment.
He hopped out of bed and grabbed his dead-guy robe, not bothering to throw on any clothes. He was just making breakfast and could change if a case came up. He found himself whistling on the way to the kitchen, because while he may not have found a cure for the Mark, he was pretty sure he had found a close second. Not that Cas or Sammy needed to know that.
Castiel entered the 24-hour French bakery, perplexed by Ariel’s chosen meeting place. He found the other angel under a massive eye sore of a wall decoration shaped like the Eiffel tower with hearts coming out of it. Her bob was a little longer and wavier instead of pencil straight, and Castiel couldn’t help but huff out a small laugh at the uses she found for her restored grace. He took a seat in front of her, across from cherrywood coffee table, in a plush seat that immediately tried to swallow him, to his annoyance.
Cas reached for the presents next to him and each handed Sam and Dean one. They were both perfectly wrapped, edges straight and even, and tape almost invisible on the paper. Dean’s was a tiny box and Sam’s was much larger. Dean gestured for Sam to open his first, his heart beating against his chest painfully at the anxiety of what Cas could’ve gotten him. Sam ripped off the wrapping paper to reveal a white cardboard box that said ‘please recycle’ on it and he laughed, opening the box. When he opened the box, he laughed even harder, and pulled out two bottles, one of shampoo and the other of conditioner.
When Dean returned from the restroom, he glanced around for Todd for a moment, but seemed slightly relieved that he wasn’t there. “Hey, man. Where did Todd go?”
“This is the first time you’ve invited me to spend a holiday with you.” Cas responded, deciding not to mention how it was not quite Thanksgiving like Dean had earlier.
books start getting published again?” The lady explained that production had stopped for a little, but luckily a wealthy Scandinavian investor, Carver Edlund was able to start publishing again. Sam heard Dean cursing profusely next to him, thinking the same thing he was thinking; despite saying he would, Chuck hadn’t stopped writing at all. The lady was side eyeing Dean and did not seemed pleased with how he was acting.
This chapter is a tad shorter than the others, but making it longer would have just been forced. Be kind. I really struggled with worrying if this chapter was in character or not.
key lime.” Cas just stared at Dean, patiently waiting as always. Dean rolled his eyes and stood up to grab two plates. He rummaged through the cabinets, but there was only one plate left and he cursed Sam for not washing his own. He knew it would only take a second to wash up another dish, but Castiel was looking at him expectantly with those
Dean felt like an asshole. He was the one that had brought up celebrating holidays. He was the one that had made a big deal about Thanksgiving and being completely elated that he got to spend time with his family. He was the one that was so desperately trying to provide a little normalcy to the people he loved.
Sam fixed him with a bored stare. “I have literally never heard you refer to Cassie as Cas, Dean.” He took a deep breath, pulling the puppy dog eyes out full force again. “You know, if you and Cas were like-“
Dean flinched. “We’ll have to lose you again.” He stated angrily. It wasn’t a question. He knew the answer, and he was bitter about it. Sam couldn’t blame him, but at least this time they would get to say goodbye, at least this time they would get closure.
Natasha fixed him with a cold look but nodded and went to unlatch Castiel from the surgical table. The look in her eyes almost looked apologetic.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean. Dean stood up, uncomfortable trying to reposition himself in his jeans while being subtle about it. Apparently he wasn’t subtle enough, because Cas’ eyes were immediately drawn to his crotch. The angel actually
Dean nodded mutely, picking Sam up and surprisingly not struggling with his weight due to the mark affects still coursing through him. Cas helped him carry Sam anyway, eyeing him carefully. “Dean-“
frustrating. You may find yourself wondering why you're reading a slowburn when we've already had to endure one for ten years. But that's just it. I'm trying to keep this fic as canon compliant and as in character as I possibly can, and Cas and Dean aren't just gonna stow their shit and find themselves worthy of each other over night. I can tell you this though: The next chapter involves a very important case that will take place over the next few chapters, and that case changes
“Where is Sam?” Dean gaped at the angel. Despite everything that had been said, despite the abuse that Castiel had felt, he was still here. He still wanted to help.
my car.” He looked up at the giant, sleek black car that was in the parking lot, the one that he knew belonged to Dean. “And isn’t your car even older than mine?”
I'm starting to think I'm becoming a narcissistic writer, because I got so meta with this chapter. First Sam saying that their life isn't a show, and then mentioned Dark Angel when Jensen actually stared in it. Whoops. If the show writers can get away with it, so can I.
“Jerry!” She responded excitedly. Sam winced slightly, remembering that Dean had insisted they use completely false names due to the FBI academy and military base in town. “I hope you and Timothy slept well?”
Castiel stood, his legs weak and wobbly and glanced around the room, his eyes almost immediately falling on a small protective carrying case on the nightstand. He lifted it, the zipper already opened, and inspected it. It was neatly organized with syringes, needles, and vials of swirling blue liquid. Castiel gripped the kit so tightly that his knuckles turned white and his fists shook. This is why Dean had smelled different. This was Djinn magic, and Castiel had been too mindless and foolish and helplessly in love to realize that Dean was suffering in silence and abusing evil magic to cope with the mark of Cain. Castiel’s palms began to glow blue again, feeling compelled to smite the drug kit to dust, when a raspy voice interrupted his thoughts.
Dean sighed and grabbed a wet dish cloth to wipe down the table now that it was clear of beer bottles. “Whatever. You obviously have a stick up your ass about losing all these feathers.” Dean seemed irritated. Typical. Always wanting to fix things he had no control over. Dean then blushed a little, his disposition shy. “Your feathers are really soft.” He muttered.
Dean shoved the thoughts and pain away as he shoved down on the gas pedal of the Impala. He knew how horribly unhealthy it was to be so codependent on people, especially when you were a hunter. You couldn’t have that kind of Achilles heel. But even with Sam at college, Dean still felt like Sam was all he had. Sure, he had his dad. But it wasn’t the same. John may have been their father, but it was Dean that had done most of Sammy’s rearing. Dean swallowed hard and blinked the stinging out of his eyes. Sam was okay and happy, and that’s all that should matter.
Cas’ face suddenly looked pained. “Actually, the more I read about it, the more I would prefer for you and Sam to stay behind and let me take care of it. I realize that it probably won’t manifest as Lucifer himself, but I still think this is far too dangerous and I do not wish for you and your brother to be in that kind of danger.”
But then again, every time Dean thought about having to live like this, live without having Cas in all the ways every cell in his body craved, he couldn’t breathe either. Knowing that he would never see Cas crawl out of his bed ruffled and warm made it so much harder to look him in the eyes. Knowing that he would never kiss that shy, grateful look off of Cas face when he did something sweet made his lips tremble. Knowing that Cas would never be his made Dean want to be selfish and make demands at the universe that this one time, he got what he wanted.
“Yeah, they have the tendency to get pretty fluffy this time of year. It’s getting cold, they gotta stay warm. It's almost the end of November.” Dean’s grin widened.
“I am completely indifferent to sexual orientation, and so I did not realize it would be a big deal. Would you like for me to deal with the spirit, Dean? I can if you're that uncomfortable.” His blue eyes flickered back to Dean, and Dean groaned and licked his lips.
Sam pulled a bitch face so intense that Dean could have giffed it and used it as a reaction gif on the internet. “What if he feels the same way?”
“A little, I guess. It’s not that gay people make me uncomfortable. It’s just… I don’t fucking know, Cas.” The angel observed Dean quietly.
Dean’s hand tightened on his knife shyly. He didn’t see how. He used cheap shampoo and bodywash from Walmart. He wasn’t like Sam, he didn’t go for expensive hair products and lotions. He barely even wore cologne because monsters had a better sense of smell than the average human. Half the time he smelled like whiskey and gun oil. “Uh, thanks.” He said nervously, staring at his best friend. Cas stared back at him. Dean had half a mind to drop his knife and kiss the angel. His hair was still wrecked, and he hadn’t bothered buttoning his shirt up all the way or putting his tie back on after his shower and Dean wanted to
he was when he first met him, it was one of the first things Dean noticed about Cas. But it was in this moment that it felt significant to notice, with Cas lying in his bed next to him (why watch Netflix in the den when he had a perfectly good memory foam mattress), peaceful and content. Not urgent and clinical, or about to flap off any second.
“Yeah, well I had a reason to be in a good mood. I was around everyone I care about, and it wasn’t because someone died.” Dean replied bitterly. Castiel ached because of Dean’s pain. He had seen the hunter suffer countless times because of losing someone he loved, but he had taken Charlie’s death particularly hard, just like he had taken Bobby’s and Kevin’s death hard. These people were family to Dean, and Castiel knew how painful it was to lose loved ones, especially if they died by one’s own hands. While Dean may not have killed Bobby or Charlie or Kevin himself, he still believed it was his fault, and he had never known Dean to forgive himself for something like that. Dean looked at him, leaning his hip against the dinner table. “We’ve known each other for years, and I think this is the first holiday we’ve spent together.”
Dean wet his lips nervously and curled his fingers into the bedsheets because he was too afraid to touch Cas, too afraid to break this illusion. No one, not Cassie, not Lisa,
to sit next to Dean at a cheesy tiki bar on earth. He chose to sit in the bunker and watch westerns with Dean when he could be changing the world. He chose to fight alongside Dean, to always come back to him. He chose Dean. Every single time. Dean didn’t have faith that God ever answered prayers. He had learned a long time ago that his prayers went unanswered. But this one time, Dean was praying that God would just have mercy, would just let him have this one thing.
Please keep in mind that Crowley is not the same Crowley as when we last saw him on the show. He experienced a
“Let me go with you.” Dean blurted out. He was trying to shut up the voice in the back of his head that always told him that one day Cas would leave and choose to not come back. This was just meeting another angel for coffee. He shouldn’t be freaking out. But he was. What if the other angel tried to attack Cas? What if she managed to convince him to return to Heaven full time?
“Thanks for this, Cas. Really. You didn’t have to show up. I’m kinda shocked you did.” Castiel’s fingers remained on Sam’s head, but his eyes shot over to Dean.
“Teens go missing all the time. What makes this different?” Dean asked, heading over to the laptop. Castiel politely finished drying off the popcorn bowl.
“Oh, this one is quite pretty…” She crooned. Her cold, barely-there hand caressed Dean’s face, causing him to shiver. He fumbled with his shotgun, trying to aim it at such a close range. “It’s a shame, really. You could have any girl you wanted.” Dean froze.
Dean felt like he was on the brink of crumbling, like any one of Cas’ touches would turn him to dust. He kissed his angel more feverishly,
“I don’t want to ‘meet the neighbors.’” Dean spat. “I moved all the way out here to avoid people, not tell them my freak of a brother threw my keys in their yard.”
Cas hummed. “I did. At first, I prayed to God. But I can’t remember the last time he answered anyone’s prayers.”
. He glanced over at Cas out of the corner of his eye. He hoped that the angel really could get used to the taste of human food, because he was really missing out when it came to pie.
There was a little voice in the back of Dean’s head reminding him that they were in a very crowded bar, and he was only one hip movement away from practically dry humping Cas against a pool table, but the need to touch Cas, the need to have him pressed against Dean like this was too busy distracting him from listening to it. He couldn’t even blame this on alcohol, or Djinn essence, or intimate dreams, or even truthfully teaching Cas to play pool at this point. This was all Dean, selfishly wanting to touch Cas and wanting to be touched by him. This was Dean wanting to indulge in what every atom of his body was craving, and he hated himself for it because he was taking advantage of the fact that Cas didn’t know that this was flirting, that this was Dean being wildly inappropriate.
it. He loved it way too much. He put the kit away carefully, having a hard time focusing on the task, his hand-eye coordination completely wrecked by the blurred vision and high he was feeling. He didn’t bother stripping off his clothes before sinking into his memory foam mattress, frustrated that there was still a small voice in the back of his head commenting on how he wished Cas was lying down with him. He was asleep within a matter of minutes and was too high to even wonder if he had taken too much to wake up, if he had taken enough to overdose.
As he locked the Impala, Dean glanced up at the store, catching sight of the employee behind the register through the window, and he froze for a moment. Even through the dirty window of the gas station, Dean could tell the man was attractive with his wild bird’s nest of dark hair, tan skin, plush lips, and angular nose.
Dean exhaled a slow, quiet whistle. “That’s a hell of a way to bite the dust. Well, that explains what’s going on here.” Dean almost felt embarrassed. It was such a simple case, with such a simple explanation. How had he and Sammy not figured it out yet? Then again, ever since the trials and Gadreel, the Mark of Cain, and the Book of the Damned, both he and Sam had been a little off. Especially when it came to working together. Things were significantly better than what they had been, but there was still some unwanted tension between the hunters. And apparently it was starting to affect their hunting. Dean shook his head and cleared his throat. “Thanks, Cas. A quick salt and burn should do it, Sammy and I will find out where Molly’s mom is buried first thing in the morning.”
Sam glanced over at Dean’s list, his eyebrows raised. “We both did five. That was only four.” Sam said frowning. “You have another one.”
“But a resort this expensive would be such a large purchase that it would immediately flag the cards.” Cas explained.
Sam sighed. “Yeah, you’re right. Sorry. But Eileen and I… we’re just friends right now. I haven’t crossed that line with her yet. I want the timing to be right.” Dean nodded. He could understand that. He was pretty sure the timing would never be right when it came to Cas, but it didn’t mean he couldn’t sympathize. Sam bit his lower lip uncertainly. “I do want you to meet her soon though. You would like her.” He scrunched his nose up in feigned disgust. “And for some reason, I think she might actually like you too.”
Sam tossed and turned in his bed that night. Based on the ridiculous amount of beer Dean drank and how touchy feely he was with Cas, Sam was positive that Dean was passed out, snoring and drooling into one of his memory foam pillows. Cas was outside for whatever reason. He had been spending a lot of time outside lately and wondered if it truly had to do with his excitement about the beehive or if the angel was doing something else.
Cas was about to reply, but Dean’s eyes suddenly left his own and flickered up to his hair. A curious but confused look came across the hunter’s face. Before Cas could question it, Dean approached him quickly, he reached for Cas’ hair and carded his fingers through it. A chill went through the angel’s entire vessel at the contact, and it took every fiber of resistance his being was capable of not to lean into the touch. When Dean pulled his hand back, he had a tiny piece of black down between his thumb and index figure. Cas felt himself blush slightly and immediately snatched it out of Dean’s hand, glaring at it before stuffing it in his pocket.
The bodies were still being held at the morgue, which was within walking distance of Briar Cliff Inn. Sam had decided to walk to the police department and then the morgue, giving Dean and Cas some alone time in hopes that Dean would actually talk to Cas about his worries. He knew that it was still a shot in the dark but Sam was still going to keep his fingers crossed. Sam said his goodbyes to the angel and his brother. “Let’s meet back at the hotel at around six, deal?” He stated as he headed for the door. Dean grumbled a response while Cas’ eyes stayed glued to the television screen.
Castiel sat at the edge of his bed with a heavy, unsure sigh. Shortly after Dean received a text from Sam, their evening together was cut short.  Dean’s mood had shifted entirely, and he was clearly upset, triggered by whatever it was that Sam had texted him. He and Castiel were in the Impala for no more than five minutes when Dean said that he needed to speak to Sam privately when they got back to the bunker. Dean sounded…angry, to put it lightly. His left knee had jiggled under the steering wheel nervously, and Castiel knew better than to question what he needed to speak to his brother about. Dean had remained quiet for most of the car ride but had kept shooting nervous glances at Castiel. The angel’s curiosity was almost overwhelming, but he knew better than to push Dean, especially nowadays when the human seemed always close to crawling out of his own skin.
Suddenly, Dean felt two hands cupping his face. Dean’s face was cradled in Cas’ hands, the angel now kneeling between his knees, his blue eyes a beacon in Dean’s blacking out vision. He was speaking but Dean couldn’t hear anything over the ringing in his ears.
, he was supposed to have control over bodily functions and carnal thoughts. “Dean!” Castiel whispered urgently. He wasn’t sure why he was whispering, they were alone in their room and Sam was in his.
“I can’t wait for you to try everything. I mean, you’re probably still tasting molecules but…” Dean shrugged, blushing slightly.
“No, no, help yourself, dear.” She crammed the handkerchief back in a pocket and smiled at Sam warmly.
Bethany brought her cup to her lips and tossed her head back, downing the rest of her alcoholic drink and wincing at its strength. “Uh, apparently, we just ask Charlie if he’s there. If the point of the top pencil moves to yes, we can start asking him yes or no questions. Like a spooky eight ball, I guess.”
“Sam… should I have… gotten up when he did this?” Cas looked up at him. He was all sad, blue, confused eyes.
Ariel blushed a little but quickly composed herself. “You know that I’ve avoided our brothers and sisters since leaving Heaven. Even though I often prefer to be alone… it got lonely, quickly. I started spending more time with humans the longer I was on earth. Little things. Chatting with a cashier at a store. Asking a stranger in the park what they’re reading. Watching someone give their last dollar to someone else in need… and while I can’t quite see why Dean Winchester is so special, I can see where you would want to protect humanity. I’m invested in this now. So yes, ‘we’.”
Dean grinned, giddy and child-like. He stood up and offered Castiel his hand. “Whatever you want, Cas.”
“I’m fine.” Dean replied gruffly, and probably too loud. Castiel opened his mouth to say something else, but Dean interrupted him, changing the subject. “What’s up with helping us out on the case? Thought you had angel shit to do in Heaven.” Dean’s voice was a little harsher than he attended due to Cas’ observation, but he hoped he knew it was a joke.
Sam smiled as Dean’s face lit up and took a sip from his mug of hot chocolate, a smug look sparkling behind his eyes. “If I hear you bitch about what the salt on the roads does to the Impala one more time, I’m taking the bus into town.”
“I love you too, Cas.” Dean found himself praying that the perfect angel before him would give him a second chance.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean said again. He didn’t have any idea what that actually meant to Cas, but he was on board and would let Cas set the pace. “I want to make you feel good too, budd- Cas.”  The nickname “buddy” felt foreign on his tongue after he had had Cas’ lips on his.
“When I downsized myself to be able to be contained by a vessel, it downsized my wings as well. It’s one of the reasons that you’re able to see them without them burning your eyes out. These wings aren’t quite my true form but are a middle ground so that they don’t harm you, and you’re still able to help me.” Cas’ eyes had slid closed and he seems perfectly at peace. Dean smiled and was really glad that Cas couldn’t see him because he was pretty sure he looked like a lovestruck idiot. Right as he thought that, Cas opened his eyes and smiled back at him as he blushed. “I have managed to do most of the preening in the front of my wings. I can actually reach there.” Dean got flustered, realizing that he had just been dragging his fingers through areas that Cas could easily reach. “It does feel nice though.” Cas added, smiling. And god, Dean was even more fucked, because that wasn’t one of those half-smiles that he got from time to time, this was Cas being happy and relaxed enough to give him a real smile.
“Oh wow, thanks for attacking me like that on my birthday.” Dean muttered sarcastically before letting his head drop back down on his pillow.
story. This wasn’t puppy love, or Dean trying to play house. This was someone that he would never have to change for or give up hunting for. Hell, Cas could hunt
“Take your time.” Sam muttered dismissively. “I’ll have Netflix and HBO, and I was recently able to hack into someone’s Hulu.”
. He began coughing and felt himself foaming at the mouth. He was vaguely aware of the amulet necklace that Sam had given him digging into his collarbone from how he had landed on his bed. Despite feeling himself slipping, he clung to the sensations of the little amulet’s horns digging into his skin. Dean wasn’t clueless. He knew what this was. This was an overdose. He had been too panicked to think about the fact that he was injecting twice the amount that he normally did. He was going to die without apologizing to Sam. Without saying goodbye to Donna and Jody, or teasing Claire or Alex one last time. Without telling Cas how he felt. His eyes slipped closed, and with the last ounce of energy he had left, he prayed to Cas.
Castiel smiled wryly. “Not yet. But I want to be.” They held eye contact, having an entire conversation with their eyes. Dean was arguing that Castiel was a better friend than he was giving himself credit for, and Castiel was arguing that he still had a way to go.
Cas’ hand paused it’s movement on Dean’s back for a moment and he sighed. “I have been away from Heaven for far too long. That shouldn’t have left me so weakened. I’m going to have to return to Heaven.” Dean immediately tensed up and Cas must have felt it, because his hand once again began stroking Dean’s back calmly. “Only for a little while, Dean. I said I would always return to you and I meant it.”
Castiel felt his eyes shoot wide and his vessel’s heart rate speed up. “This isn’t something you can help me with.” He finally responded after searching for his words carefully.
It didn’t seem to matter how many times Dean reminded himself that it was a terrible idea, his fingers continued to work their way through soft feathers. Cas had long since stopped watching the show and was practically
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean responded dismissively, even though he completely agreed with Sam. He tore into his gift like a toddler, grinning when the wrapping paper finally fell away to reveal a massive car care kit that included everything from a waxing kit to carpet cleaner.
“Whoa, Cas, calm down.” Dean said, grabbing the angel’s shoulders to steady him. “You didn’t kill me. You killed some sort of fucked up copies that Noami made.” Cas wouldn’t meet his eyes.
Eileen had not been kidding about attracting honey bees. It had only been about 30 minutes and they were
Cas’ eyes got wide. “I was actually just planning on making a sandwich, but whatever you’re cooking smells lovely.”
So, this chapter has quite a few POV changes, but you should be able to easily keep up with them because like always, the wing page dividers separate the changes.
