"Yeah, well, there was nothing on tv." Gabe swung one arm around the man's shoulders and patted him on the back. "I also needed to get the whiny baby, here, out of the house." He nodded towards Castiel. The man with honey blonde hair turned to Cas, full lips turning upward into a polite smile, and Cas may have blacked out for a moment. All he could remember was greeting the man and reaching out to shake his hand. Warmth radiated from their connected hands and sent a shockwave through Castiel's body. His ears were ringing
He shook off the negative feelings and hopped back to his feet, making quick work of buttoning his jeans, then shrugging his black button up onto his shoulders. He rolled the sleeves up to his elbows. This was a look that his closest friend had called "mysterious and sexy." Supposedly, according to Balthazar, wearing dark, form fitting clothes seemed to look exceptionally well on him and 'made his ass and thighs look like a dom's wet dream.' B had always been uncomfortably risque when hanging around Cas, yet he couldn't help the level of trust and excitement he felt whenever the other was around. Maybe Gabe would let Cas invite B out tonight too?
"Hey, Benny." Sam pipes up from where he's slouched back against the back of the booth and holding his beer against his stomach.
You know, you're little trio die a lot." He gave Cas an incredulous look. "Now, I've been doing a little...errand running for the big guy upstairs."
"Your old vessel -" He gestured down the length of Castiel's body - "Mr. Novak, he's been recycled too many times. We've gotten our use out of him." Cas shook his head, getting ready to state that he didn't understand. Whistler stepped forward and pulled Cas along by his sleeve, gesturing to a puddle at their feet. He poked Castiel's finger into it and the reflection changed as they watched. There was a young woman, long, fiery auburn hair, and she was hooked up to a hospital bed. "She's braindead. A reaper is currently waiting by her bedside." Cas noticed it now, the reaper. He was sitting in a chair by the bed, cane in his lap. "She's been gone for awhile, just reliving her memories. There's nothing going on in there. Hollywood stopped making movies, she's just watching reruns. They're making the decision to unplug her. This will be your new vessel, Castiel. She is devout, and prayed in her wreck that we would save her. This would be your vessel should you, for some reason, decide to pass on heaven."
?" His brother tossed his hands into the air in exasperation. "Okay, fine. I know a guy who's gonna be there tonight, alright?"
"You really need to talk about it dude. It's been 12 hours and you've hardly slept. You've been up all night angel proofing everything." He could hear his little brother leaning against the other side of the bathroom door. "Dean." Dean just stared numbly into the white porcelain of the bathroom sink. He was torturing himself, replaying that moment.
Cas noticed that there was now two more additions to the group, or three if you counted B. Some guy was lounged back against the booth next to Gabe, his long legs stretched out under the table. He was wearing a flannel shirt similar to Dean's but it seemed to be grey and black instead. Cas watched as the man dipped his head forward, laughing at something Gabriel had said, and his hair fell forward into his face. He whipped his head back up, flipping his bangs back as he did so. Beside him sat a girl with long, light blonde hair. She smiled at them as they approached the booth.
"Well, she'll be there. She's sorta dating the guy I'm introducing you to. Uh, so, do with that what you will." Gabe called awkwardly from the living room. Oh,
"Oh, I see why you bailed on us. Dean was just about to come out there and put up missing flyers." Gabe jested. Cas blushed, looking down at the floor. He tried to discreetly glance around the room through his lashes, but he didn't even see Dean anywhere. "Anna snagged him away, though. I'm sure he'll be pleased as punch when he gets back and you're here." The younger brother felt heat rushed from his ears all the way down the back of his neck. He was glad for the low lighting, so no one could see him becoming a tomato.
"I don't wear panties." That was the only reply he was willing to give his friend as he let himself be dragged back inside. B's arm never left his waist as they made their way back to the booth where he'd left his brother and
"Wow, words hurt, Cas. But ya see, I'm not just a demon; And I'm technically only half. Let's just say you and I share the same blood." The man nodded at him. "Now big daddy's got me running favors as a way to keep an eye on me and put me to good use." Castiel squinted at the ground, considering the demon's story. "I'm a good guy. Give me a chance."
"Why not? It's the only jacket I own and it's raining right now." Cas grumbled, looking from the door to his brother in exasperation.
"Hey, baby. Sorry I'm late." She whispered, stretching onto her tippy toes and brushing her lips against Dean's. Cas suddenly felt very warm. And, fuck, it was hard to breathe. As if all of the oxygen had been sucked out of the room.
"Well, feel free to order whatever. Everyone's drinks are on my tab tonight." His eyes drifted back to Cas, then up and down Cas' body and the shorter man could feel heat spread down to his toes.
"Dean, calm down!" His brother is pushing now, trying to get in his face. "Cas is trying to give us a chance to escape! We need to go! Before the others get here!" Dean's actively trying to look around Sam, peering over to keep an eye on Cas. He doesn't know why he's so intent on watching when he knows there's the real possibility that he may be losing his best friend. But he needs to see him.
"Nope. Sorry, not buying it. See, as a big brother, I trust and respect other older siblings. So if he says you need to drink, you're gonna drink." When Cas only shook his head and looked away, Dean rounded the booth so he could plop down beside Cas. He threw his arm around Castiel's back and with his other hand he picked up the shot glass. "C'mon, Cas." The shorter man was instantly overwhelmed with a combination of sensations. First, Dean smelled like something earthy mixed with aftershave and whiskey. Second, his nostrils burned from whatever cinnamon disaster lie in that shot glass. Third, Dean's body heat was gonna burn Castiel alive. "It's fireball, it tastes good. Just one shot for right now? At
"Sam, you need to let me in." The girl replied in one of the most robotic tones Sam had heard on anyone, and then ducked under his arm and forced her way into the room.
Gabe came up behind the redheaded girl who was sitting next to Jo fiddling with her phone, quickly locking her in a choke hold. "And this is Charlie. She's about as socially inept as you. You two will get along great."
"Your brother says you need to loosen up, Cas. So let's have some shots!" He was smirking. Castiel decided then and there that he loved being called "Cas" more than any other nickname, just because of the way it sounded rolling off of Dean's lips.
"Oh, this is Sam, by the by. The hottie with a body beside him is his girlfriend Jess. Sam is Dean's baby brother, so don't pick on him. Dean will kill you." Gabriel gestured to the man, who gave an awkward wave and smile. "Sammy, this is
"Uh, I guess. I don't talk to her much anymore." Cas called back. He had just tugged on his jeans, but thinking about the redhead seemed to make him anxious, so he sat down on the bed instead of bothering to button them just yet. Anna was a friend of Gabriel's that Castiel had
"You can't be serious! It's pouring out, Gabe! Give me the damn coat!" Cas had a naturally gravelly voice, so he usually had no problem coming across authoritative. He rarely ever raised his voice. So right now, after he had just
The cold air hit him as he entered the bar, his skin and clothes wet from the rain. He could kill Gabriel. They had to walk quite a distance from the parking garage to the bar. He pushed back his dripping bangs, accidentally spiking the front of his hair in the process.
"Isn't she always?" Dean interrupts, sliding passed Benny and clapping Charlie on the arm as he goes around them. Cas is able to pinpoint the exact moment Dean realized he was back because his green eyes zero in on him and narrow, as if Cas was the last person he expected to see. "Well you took your sweet time comin' back. Where'd you disappear to so quickly?" He cocks his head to the side and smirks, pausing whatever he'd been about to do. Cas was about to answer, as soon as his brain remembered how to form words. But he was cut off by Gabe.
"Whoa, whoa. One question at a time, hot shot. Let's start with the easy one, huh? Yes, you are dead." This demon, Whistler, just put his arms out in an effortless shrug, as if to say, 'What can ya do?' like Cas had seen in a few mafia movies with Dean.
"You've been in contact with God?" Cas barked. He tilted his head and grimaced. "I don't believe you. No one has been able to find him. Why would our father be requesting anything from a demon?"
Dean shot off the bed with a start. Images of bright white light and Castiel's pained expression flashing and fading as reality came back. He finally looked up, realizing Sam was standing at the foot of his own bed, staring. The blonde also realized, belatedly, that his face was still tearstained. "I don't wanna hear it, Sam." He huffed, pulling himself out of the bed and heading for the bathroom.
"Gabe, I basically fell off a roof. I could have cracked my skull open or broken a bone or something!" Cas stared incredulously at the jackass in the corner, grinning ear-to-ear. He pushed off the wall and flopped himself right next to Cas, effectively making his muscles ache from the sudden movement.
Cas stared, examining what he could of the girl studiously. He had deliberately avoided choosing a female vessel the first time, once he was informed of Dean's lifestyle. However, he found himself regretting it soon after when he witnessed the relationship between Dean and Anna, one of his own garrison. And Castiel had been furious when he'd discovered that Anna had erased his mark on Dean. He'd intended to let the scar remain on the older Winchester brother, even if he couldn't quite explain why.
"Oh, you're mourning, too, huh? Don't give me that crap, Sammy! You were the one leaving him to the wolves! I mean," Dean shrugged, new tears filling his eyes, "what the hell was that, man? Since when do you just let one of our own just take the fall like that? It's like I don't even know you, anymore!" He screamed, his throat still burning from the terror only 12 hours ago.
"We're joining the Winchester party." Gabe said as he approached the bar counter. The blonde slip of a girl behind the counter nodded and gestured for them to follow her, leading them down a hall in the back of the bar and into a dimly lit room, where color changing LED lights were strung around the walls. It was full with a large group of people, all socializing with mixed drinks in their hands. All looking much better and much more formal than Castiel or Gabriel.
"Why did you bring me here? What do you want from me? I'm dead, aren't I?" Cas looked down at his own torso and found blood soaking through the front, right where Margorie had stabbed him.
"What can we really say? You can't really fault the guy for choosing more attractive company than the lot of you." B sassed, leaning back and sticking his tongue out in a cheeky grin. The tall guy next to Gabe snickered at that and Gabe just gave a one shoulder shrug.
"Hey, glad you made it. Uh, Cas, this is my girlfriend, Anna." There was an attempt at a smile on Anna's part, but she barely looked at him. Cas nodded his acknowledgment, but soon the ringing in his ears was all he could hear.
"Whoa, what happened to you?" Gabriel guffawed at his disheveled and hunching younger brother as he hobbled through the apartment doorway.
"This isn't a blind date, I swear!" Gabriel held his arms out in from of him, attempting to stop Cas from leaving the room. "It's a job opportunity! That's what you were asking for, right?" Gabe gave his best "game show host" pose, arms held out to the side and a wide grin on his face. When Cas just stared at him unamused, he furrowed his brow and began fiddling with the label on his own beer bottle.
About Chuck Shurley, and the Winchester Gospels. About the cupid that made his parents fall in love, all those years ago; about Cain’s bloodline, and the Campbell hunting family, and the Men of Letters. About his mother’s death and Azazel’s special children. How little he knew about any of it, growing up; about his father’s obsession with revenge and life on the road.
Dean stiffens. He pulls away from Castiel, turning his head, and Castiel lets him go reluctantly. “Dad, it’s not — angels, they —”
His parents’ flight is at noon. His mother probably wants to buy him a coffee before they go; he remembers none of their conversation last night.
Ellen huffs annoyance, but the corners of her eyes crinkle with something that looks like affection. “All right, I got things to do. Get.”
Castiel turns to see that Dean’s pillow has fallen off the bed; his gun gleams in the TV light, clutched close to his chest. He’s mumbling louder now, and he thrashes as Castiel hurries back toward him — as Castiel extends his hand.
“Naomi said Chuck came through Heaven. Just before everything started going wrong. And he was in a bad mood, muttering about his ungrateful creation, taking him for granted — and then he started asking her questions. About everything she takes for granted, what she’d do without it. He wouldn’t let her answer, and then he left, and — that’s when the angels’ powers started failing.”
He was watching us the whole time, he was so mad at my dad, but he didn’t wanna — he wasn’t gonna try and possess me until he had to.”
A semi roars past them, and the gust of wind off her side rattles the Impala’s cab. Dean puts her in park and drops his hands from the wheel.
Castiel swallows. He never really went to parks like this as a kid. “I’ve never been on one before.”
If Jack’s their Balto — half one thing, half another, all good intentions and cruel outcomes — then Dean might be the Steele. He probably shouldn’t be so quick to dismiss a version of the story where he could be a hero too.
“All right.” Dean thinks of families in minivans; of a mom’s envious glance at his Baby’s sleek lines. He thinks of Melly and Caleb and their invitation to dinner. Of Caitlin at the pizza place and her promise to teach him and Cas to dance. “We’re coming into Kearney, be home soon. He’s not destroying this one.”
Dean throws his head back in a laugh, and warmth flows through Castiel’s veins, melting away his worry. His eyes linger on the curve of Dean’s neck, his stubble, and when Dean catches him looking, his smile only grows. Several seconds pass before they realize they’ve both been grinning at each other like idiots, and then Dean clears his throat hastily and says, in a slightly deeper voice, “So, uh. I thought we’d take the horse trailer ‘round the river and ride out from there. That work for you?”
Castiel wants to reach out his senses, his grace — check every inch of Dean. Make sure he’s all right. But whatever Michael’s doing, it makes him seasick. It makes his awareness splinter into drunken fractals the moment he expands it outside of himself. He can’t tell — if Dean’s hurt, if Dean’s frightened, if Dean’s even himself at all.
Everyone’s favourite perky little redhead navigates back to the menu, dives into the multiplayer section. This time she doesn’t stop for suggestions, bouncing straight from Little Big Planet to Plants vs Zombies, to Star Wars Battlefront, and Rocket league.
Sam heads to their shared bathroom, planning to shower off all the road grit and dirt. There’s a luxurious looking claw foot tub taking up most of the space, but he avoids that for the time being. Baths are only nice if you’re mostly clean to begin with. He doesn’t want to spend an hour soaking in his own grime.
Crowley knows Dean, better than Dean would ever want him to, and he can tell there’s something up. There’s something a little off about him. Like someone’s sucked out most of his animating energy and just left a vague memory of emotion to hold him upright, stop him slumping onto the ground and never getting up again.
“Everything that came out would be connected to you. You’d bear witness to every single blow, every single murder and feast and ravagement. Chained to each foul monster by a weaker version of the connection that purgatory uses to bind you to the body that it creates for you, in your dreams.
They make their way through the wreckage, Lucifer pausing every now and then to pretend he gives a shit about some broken piece of sentimental shit. Eventually they come to the library.
She turns and runs and he lifts the blade, plunges it in just above the blue glow. It’s fucking mocking him, and he needs to get rid of it. He can’t bear to have the reminder on his arm for another fucking second.
Now he knows him for what he is. Not righteous, not pure. The shell casing around a bullet. Important, sure, but only as a way to contain true power. A way to contain the majesty of Michael on earth.
Mention of the Michaelsword shakes him right up, has him practically snarling, balanced on the balls of his feet and twitching his knife minutely.
Sam gets out of the car first, stretches his legs, waits for Dean to join him. Dean contemplates staying put, pushing back the inevitable bitchfit. Decides it isn’t worth it. He knows what he was doing was right, might as well get the chewing out over and done with before he starts planning his next move.
He sees Dean’s surprised double take, and the effort he puts into right after to control it. This isn’t a big deal, it’s perfectly normal behaviour. Don’t make it into a big deal.
He moves as rapidly as he can while still being smooth. Yeah they might be about to summon an angel to fix Cas up, but that doesn’t mean he wants to do more damage in the meantime. If Cas ended up dying on Sam’s watch, Jesus, Dean would fucking rip out his kneecaps – or worse. Once he’d finished dealing with whoever started this off in the first place, of course.
But no, now is not the time to push things. Now is the time to leave Dean, alone and unbalanced, confused and suspicious.
Dean holds up the arm with the angel banishing sigil carved onto it, draws his gun and fixes his entire attention on the door.
He’s not alone, there’s a varied slice of humanity here too. Some high powered executive type is sitting opposite him, making a big show of looking at her phone importantly but Cas can see she’s scanning the room, trying to gauge whether there are any friends of friends of employers who might rat out her little secret. At least Cas doesn’t have to worry about that.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean says, after the beep. “We’re kinda worried about you, man. Call me, first chance you get, yeah.”
So yeah, until Cas at least starts fucking recognizing them, he’s stuck chained to the bed. Which of course, is just gonna make it harder to get him to trust them, and that whole dumb, vicious cycle.
“I know it was you. You were so woven into the spell I could practically taste you.” Cas pulls a disgusted face, like he’s considering bathing in salt to get rid of the taint.
Lucifer teleports to a house in Burnt Oak, decides to kill the startled residents instead of knocking them out, just to hear Castiel’s cries of denial.
Cas watches him go, feeling a warm flash of lust. Nothing particularly unusual there – withdrawal gut punched him with a dirty bomb of all the sexual urges that the heroin had repressed. It’s that it’s not in the abstract, but comes with a furious and specific desire to run his hands over Deans body, to initiate prolonged and intimate contact with him. Even as recently as yesterday just the idea of that, someone else’s hands on him, no matter whose they were, was enough to fill him with dread.
Sam wonders when he turned into a fucking junkie psychiatrist, wonders if his hack psychology is going to work.
He finds himself at the fridge with a bottle of beer in his hand before he even realises. In theory nothing wrong with that, but he knows, as he looks at it shakily, that it’s a bad idea with the state he’s in. One will turn to three, to four to too many until he’s drowning his sorrows in that old familiar way.
Cas blinks like a startled owl, and then laughs. Dean’s not sure whether to be concerned at the sudden absentmindedness or not.
He pauses, listens carefully for anything suspicious, but it’s silent. Dead silent. The wolves have stopped howling. Shit, shit, shitshitshit. He knows how this works; he’s been on enough hunts. It’s when the predator goes quiet that it’s at its most deadly.
The trap mechanism is simple. Flamethrower on some sort of tripod stand, steady and balanced and clearly designed to stop it juddering and shaking, aim it perfectly. A thick, long wire is – was – attached to the door, held taught. Attached to that is a weight, which is in turn attached to a piece of fabric, looped around the trigger. When the door is opened, or blown up, the tension releases, the weight falls, and the fabric loop squeezes tight, pulling the trigger.
“But it was you and you’re still alive, just about, clawing and scraping your way along at the expense of everyone else like you always do.” Cahor pauses to see if Cas is going to object.
“Why not. It’s been a shit horror movie so far. I could go for some romance. Variety is the spice of life and all that.”
“Will we? ‘Cause Dean, I’m not trying to be unkind, but it’s been months and the trail has gone cold. There’s not a single fucking sign of him anywhere.”
Everything happens very quickly after that. There’s no heartfelt moment of goodbye – Cas as Dean doesn’t embrace Sam and tell him to keep an eye on Dean, or apologise that it had to end up like this, or even try and explain himself.
And he does fucking go for it, fingers dug bruisingly tight into Dean’s thighs, tongue relentless and furious, exploring and claiming brutally as Dean tries uselessly to buck and writhe, hands clawed in the sheets as he groans, low and unrestrained.
“I’d tell you to leave some room for your entree, but I’m worried if I attract your attention you’ll eat me.”
“No.” Dean decides, with rather more grave finality than the situation calls for. “We’re doing this right. I’m booking hotels and looking at attractions. It’s going to be awesome.”
“That was like a hundred deaths ago, who’s keeping track.” Dean shrugs. “But yeah, I’ve managed to end up with double hellhound trauma, one from being dragged to hell and the other from doing it to other people. Go me.”
“You’ve said some shitty things, and you’ll say a lot more before this is over. And it hurts, but it’s not the end of the fucking world. We know what you’re going through, we know it’s hard, but we can fix this, all of it, once you’re through the other side of this part.”
“But maybe once we’ve sorted all of this out, we could put this thing to some more extracurricular uses.”
Cas reaches out for Dean – needs his grounding touch, needs to grasp hold of him until his brain has stopped trying to turn itself inside out, until he can articulate what he really wants to say, the thing that will make everything better.
Sam has a pretty good time by himself. He gives up his attempts to methodically explore the entire museum after about ten minutes and instead just goes with the flow.
Sam snaps his fingers in front of Cas’s eyes and he blinks, but he doesn’t jerk back to focus, because he wasn’t ever really out of focus, Sam realises. He’s not absent, he’s just deliberately blank, staring balefully at the wall.
And it hurts, it really fucking hurts, but it doesn’t seem to be doing much else. He can still breathe, he isn’t going into cardiac arrest or shutting down or any of the things you’d expect to happen when someone puts a goddamn knife in one of your vital organs.
He comes back the next day, cleans the broken glass away and rights the cross, picks it up with his bare hands and doesn’t care about the blood
Dean grunts an affirmative, waits as Cas settles against the headboard, lubes up his cock and beckons Dean closer.
Lightning crackles and sparks under her skin, and he thinks that’s it, everything is gonna be okay now. He’s wrong. She turns to look at Dean, grins, and then a column of black smoke pours out of the meatsuit’s mouth, down into the dirt. Cas makes a lunge for her, and so does Dean, but she just passes through their hands like, well, like fucking smoke.
“You knew exactly what my reaction would be.” This is why you put it right after the desert spell, because you knew I’d explain it, and you knew it’d seem trifling in comparison and you’d get Charlie and Dean onside. He swallows the accusation. He doesn’t know that, he ought to give Sam the benefit of the doubt. No matter if Sam’s doing what he suspects or not, he’s doing it from a good place.
It takes Dean 45 minutes to work up the courage to type in Sam’s number. Another 15 to actually press dial. He’s about to hang up when Sam accepts the call and shit, too late to back down now.
Sam looks at him like he’s just asked if he thinks it’s possible to fly to the moon in a rocket built from gravel and spit. Utterly, breathtakingly bemused by why Cas would have to ask that question. He answers anyway, though.
It’s a move on autopilot, and one he wouldn’t have made if he’d been thinking. He stiffens, and then relaxes.
He’d looked like a different Cas, there. One Dean left behind in 2014, in another life. One that Dean thought was dead but maybe was just biding his time, waiting to slip between the cracks in dimensions and into his Cas, taking him over inch by inch until there’s nothing real left. Until he’s just a fucked-out junkie shell, chasing sensation because no one bothered to teach him how to deal with his emotions, so he decided to exorcise them instead.
He expects another stamp, or to be pulled away entirely. He doesn’t expect her to pick up Cas’s angel blade, spear it through his palm.
“You’re still recovering from your broken leg. We didn’t want to upset you when you couldn’t do anything to help.” Now he says it, it sounds so flimsy.
Sam knows he should let it go, but he can’t help himself. He’s gotta know, for reasons both callous and supportive. He wants to be there for them both, if something is going on, but he also needs to make sure it isn’t distracting them. It’s the literal fucking apocalypse. Again, but probably worse. They can’t afford to be getting derailed or fighting amongst themselves.
“You’ve looked up the incantation and the written text of the spell, Sam. That doesn’t make you an expert. I’ve seen it used, in various iterations. You humans think you’re so original but you’re not. How many people through time do you think have given half their strength for an injured soulmate? I can find you a fistful of examples of it ending well, and I could find you an ocean of it ending in doom.”
He’s underestimating just how furious Cas is. He manifests his angel blade, lunges to stab Crowley, is only stopped by Dean.
Lucifer says, as he wrenches the demon out of the dead girl’s body, drags her down into the ground and obliterates her entirely from existence.
He expects Cas to protest that he’s fine, or maybe to laugh. He doesn’t expect the soft, fond look in Cas’s eyes – so unlike the weary and often subtly jaded expression that’s been the norm recently.
His fourth thought is, okay, I should stop thinking about the how of this, and start thinking of the how the fuck do I get Dean out of this. And that starts with getting to him.
He ignores the little whisper in the back of his head, saying, yeah, well, maybe that only happened because you weren’t there to stop it. He knows that Dean was always going to end up with Cas, or ruined by Cas. Either way, not Benny’s place to interfere.
When Cas eventually pulls himself back to something approaching normal he looks up at Dean, crouching in front of him and doing a very bad job of hiding his terror, and apologises with a lopsided smile.
She waves him off. “You’re in serious need of a supply run, though. It’s a fifteen-vegetable salad for a reason, and that’s because that was the only way I could get together enough edible food for one meal.”
Cas doesn’t hear the question, there’s too much static building up in his brain, blocking her out. He killed Dean, he killed Dean and he will never be able to forgive himself.
Cas blanks for a moment, has to run through his mental rolodex of cultural things he vaguely recognises but doesn’t quite understand.
They pile back into the main room. Sam is standing by the window, two packed bags in hand. They travel light for a reason and this is about 70% of it. He chucks one at Dean and, as someone starts thumping on the door, yelling something about the police, they all climb outside.
The timer goes off, startling them out of their total absorption. Dean grabs a spoon, dips it in and tastes it, repeats the motion and holds it out for Cas, beaming from ear to ear. Cas leans forward and slurps it off.
“Perhaps not actively, But I doubt she’d be keen to help allies of either Castiel or Hannah. Unless she had a motive.”
“Okay.” She agrees, reluctantly. “Just until morning, and then I’m getting as far away from here as possible.”
Castiel doesn’t respond to the jab. And, now that Lucifer thinks about it, he hasn’t tried to argue the last few times Dean was referred to as his boyfriend. That’s... interesting. Maybe he’s just tired of arguing about it. Maybe he’s starting to believe Lucifer.
He hasn’t even come to check whether Cas is alive, and Cas gets that. He gets why, but. But what? But he’s weak and he just wants to see Dean’s face one more time – even if all Dean does is tell him to go fuck himself again.
He hovers, impatient, shifting from foot to foot, while Dean finds their door and unlocks it. He slips through after him, slams it shut.
They hear a car door slam and Sam stumbles out of the Impala, looking tired and mildly traumatised. Dean wordlessly hands him a beer and he sits down, near enough to talk but far enough away not to intrude.
“Rowena has this under control. She’s confident enough that she feels she can sleep for 10 hours before she even attempts the problem. You’ve been granted a reprieve – take it.”
Cas nods, and oh shit, he’s got that look in his eye. Dean knows what he’s going to do a second before he does it.
And well, Cas knows Dean. If the connection snaps and he ends up home and Cas is stuck here, he won’t just leave it at that. He’ll blame himself, and he’ll come back here no matter the consequence. He’ll throw himself back into his dreams in the hope of one day stumbling across Cas, in a forest so deep and so old that it stretches on infinitely. In a forest actively trying to keep them apart.
He supposes Cas has been draped in baggy tops and oversized shirts, has understood the weakness of his body, but not seen the true devastation of it. He’ll be used to his thin fingers and barely there wrists; not so everything else.
Dean clocks on immediately, swears and gestures to Sam to take point. Sam does, but with an air of reluctance – stop feeding his paranoia or you’ll make this worse written all over his face.
“I think I’m gonna take off for a few days.” Sam’s voice drops a few decibels, like it’s a secret. “Just, clear my head, clear the air, y’know.”
He manages it, just, wobbles a bit and would have toppled back on the bed, if not for Sam’s arm around his waist, supporting him, half holding him upright.
That gets Crowley’s attention fully now. Maybe, just maybe, things could end up going his way after all.
“I feel like I’m having a bad acid trip.” Dean remarks to the man standing next to him. Who turns out not to be Cas. Awkward.
“I pulled your soul out of hell and rebuilt your body on Zachariah’s orders. If he’d been bothered to do it himself—” He breaks down in giggles again, and Charlie and Dean exchange a look. It’s Sam who gets it.
It’s the one thing that makes him glad of his newly human memory. What he used to know spans too much to be contained by Jimmy Novak’s worn, used synapses. Bit by bit, it’s gradually going away.
So instead of being a dick he fits his arms under Cas’s back and legs and carries him to the car. Cas grunts something vaguely triumphant sounding and that’s just a step too far. Dean pinches the back of his knee. His left eye opens a crack and Dean has to stifle a laugh. It’s the exact same look his first high school squeeze’s cat used to give him when he accidentally woke it up climbing into her room at ass o’clock in the morning.
Dean yanks his arm away from her. “Yeah, then why did I find him laughing about being an angel again? Fucking tell me that, Charlie. He doesn’t want to be here, he made a mistake and he thought I was worth giving up his grace for and now he’s paying the price for my goddamn failure!”
“SAM!” Charlie yells at his door. “If it’s really you, say the hippopotamus heffalump had a heaving hosiery.”
Sam raps on Cas’s door. Cas doesn’t say anything, but he enters anyway. If he waits for permission he’ll be at the doorway from now until the end of time.
Cas mumbles something in his sleep from the back seat, and Dean’s attention is diverted. He turns to look at him fondly.
And it’s not too much of a big deal, because Sam is here, because Charlie is here, and they step into the breach no problem. But what if they weren’t, what if this had happened when they were out on the cliffside, or in the car?
And Cas still doesn’t relax, still doesn’t believe that this is going to end in anything other than pain for him, but that’s fine. They have time.
“Don’t you fucking dare.” He rages. “You know Naomi wasn’t his fault. She was in his fucking head, messing around with his wires. He blames himself enough for that crap without you landing it on him too.”
He checks his watch. He still has nearly two hours until Cas’s Valium induced slumber wears off, plenty of time to make a start on junkie-proofing the bunker. Not that he’s going uncuff Cas anytime soon – if he still thinks he’s in a hallucination that’s not gonna be fucking safe. He’d split, and being in the state he is, Sam thinks they’d find him dead in an alley.
Cas brings his hands up to carefully skate at Dean’s ribs, tentative, like he’s asking for permission. Dean lays his hands over Cas’s, carries on kissing him, thoroughly exploring the inside of his mouth, running his tongue over his teeth, skating gently along the roof of his mouth.
“The illusion of control.” Charlie says, digging through her bag and pulling out a remote control. She laughs at Sam’s confused look. “What, you thought we were going to set off fireworks from this little boat? I know you guys have cheated death so many time it’s a hobby at this point, but I want to live.”
Cas doesn’t look at him, focused on the wii remote in his hand, like someone’s written down what to say on it and all he has to do is keep turning it over until he finds the magic word that ends this conversation.
and turns to Chapter 3, “Surrounding Stimuli and the Effects On the Subconscious Mind.” He stares at the page for longer than he ought, eyes the focussed wide of the almost asleep trying to do something important but boring. His head nods repeatedly, no matter how many times he pinches at the webbing of his thumbs, bites the insides of his cheek and shakes his head.
books. It’s a look that’s been absent from his face for months. The look he gets when he’s out hunting something big and something evil. Something that’s personally offended him, and is really going to fucking pay for it.
Dean makes a little noise of agreement, possibly a little sarcastic on his own part. It’s hard not to re-tread old ground when your self-doubt won’t stop spinning you back to face it.
Cas pulls off his boxers and drops them to the floor, and Dean wants to fall to his knees. He stops tugging at his hair, drops a hand to his ass and fingers the rim gently. He wants Cas’s tongue in there, he wants Cas’s hands in there. He wants fucking anything of Cas’s in there.
They pass the walk in silence. Rowena wants answers, but she knows she’ll have to wait to get them. That’s fine. She’s a very impatient person usually, but the stakes are high here. She can rein herself in for the sake of not dying a horrendous death.
Cas doesn’t care. He needs that book, needs to fill his head with words and thoughts that aren’t his own.
“I don’t want ibuprofen!” Cas snaps, and then his voice takes on a plaintive, wheedling tone. “Please, Dean. It’s so fucking bad, I just need a hit, it hurts. It hurts everywhere, I just need to take the edge off, then I’ll be okay. Please.”
Cas has lost interest, but he can feel Sam’s excitement and enthusiasm radiating out of him like a fucking nuclear generator of fun or something, so he nods, pats the floor next to him in invitation.
His words sound bold, but Sam and Cas can see the fine trembling of his hands. The flighty, half-wild look in his eye. He’s still panicking, still afraid, he’s just in autopilot save-the-family mode.
“You’ll never know whether I’ve accidentally fucked up or if you were annoying me and I meant to put eight tablespoons of salt in your dinner.” Cas says absently, stirring the pot.
He follows Dean out of the front door of the bunker, wondering where they’re going. Dawn has broken hazily, light enough to see by but with night still laying tenuous claim to the forest floor a little past the tree-line. Dean doesn’t venture that far in, though, lays the bag carefully down by the forest edge and draws out some big, white sheets of A2.
Cas’s room doesn’t just fill up with life, it also fills up with scrunched up balls of paper and screams.
And Cas doesn’t say “you didn’t mean that, Dean.” Because he does, and it doesn’t matter if he won’t mean it tomorrow. It doesn’t matter that this is just a dark mood, increasingly frequent but still not the whole. It doesn’t matter that tomorrow he’ll look back on this vulnerable, self-doubting husk with shame, pity.
“Dean, your hands are shaking. You won’t be able to hold a gun or a knife, defend yourself. Cas wouldn’t want you to get yourself killed looking for him.”
“Great, man. We’ll be too far away to call in, so look after yourself. This guy has taken out a lot of angels, don’t want you to be next.”
“Ha – freaking – ha. Drive in movie or Safari Park were the only things Sam and Charlie could think of.”
Cas doesn’t know what to do. He thinks it’s Dean, it sounds like Dean, it’s acting like Dean, but it can’t be him. That’d be too easy, that’d mean things are gonna be okay, and if the last three months have taught him anything, that’s never the case.
“Yeah, but the last thing you need right now is an infection, and plasters ain’t gonna stay on your palms. Now just lemme do this, ‘kay?”
Cas doesn’t need someone honest right now, someone who doubted him. He needs someone that he can trust and rely on – or at least someone he thinks he can.
Instead he allows Dean to pull off his boots and jeans, lifts his hands up and winces in pain as Dean shimmies his t-shirt over his head so he can get a proper look at his injuries.
Dean, Sam and Cas aren’t the last hunters to arrive. They’re still expecting another four or five people, and no one wants to go and take on demons  at half-strength. That means a whole day sitting around, planning, exchanging gossip and stories and, predictably, a little bit of hooking up for that last bang before potential death tomorrow.
Eventually he douses the blaze and beckons Dean inside. He takes delight in Dean’s grim expression, the way his hands are balled into fists so tight his knuckles are white.
Dean sees a flashing neon sign, and this much is familiar. Smothering heartbreak with alcohol, holding its head down under the liquid surface until it stops struggling and just lays there, broken and pathetic and not his fucking problem for a few hours before it comes back to life, swollen and bloated and fucking howling for revenge.
He still, on some level, can't believe that this is real. Or that this means as much to Cas as it is to him. Cas has left too many times, jumped or been pushed.
Now, though, he has no right to touch Cas. He was the one who did this – even if it was a careless accident. He has no right to be anywhere near Cas, but he can’t leave him on his own, either.
“Yeah.” Dean says, but Cas can see what he’s thinking, that Sam or Charlie wouldn’t have scared him into this state in the first place. Maybe, maybe not. Cas is fed up of hypotheticals. His now and present takes up enough energy as it is.
All the best lies have just enough truth to them to obfuscate, confuse the issue. This wasn’t even necessarily a lie. He does feel responsible for what’s happening, that’s just not the sum total of his guilt.
And he had, peripherally, but mostly he’d been thinking that there must be someone out there, some back-alley dealer who could get him what he needs. Something to wipe away the itching-craving-boiling need that catches up every time his thoughts slow down enough to let it.
He retrieves the lube bottle from his pocket, squirts it silently onto one hand without Dean noticing. He’s too distracted by Cas’s skilled mouth and tongue, working him over, biting at his lip and tugging, doing all the things he knows Dean loves and sending sparks coursing down to his poor, neglected cock.
“The sofa-bed.” He doesn’t think he can deal with the silence right now. His ears are ringing and his back hurts and everything itches and for the love of god he needs a distraction.
“He's circling the drain, Charlie. I think the only thing keeping him going is the momentum, and far too much alcohol.”
And what he said, after. He tried to couch it with the whole saving the world spiel. But, but the whole you mean too much to me.
“Who’ve you been hooking up with in gas station bathrooms across the country – should I be jealous?”
He drains the rest of the bottle of whiskey, burps, and dives into the medicine cabinet. There’s an old bottle of knockout pills, still in date. The label says take no more than two, so he swallows four, with another whiskey chaser.
They try and move it further, but Dean is too drunk to get it up, and instead of being any use, Cas just flops Dean’s cock back and forth in his hand, giggling and saying the word ”flaccid” over and over again in different, and appallingly inaccurate, accents.
Dean nods slowly, pacified by that. Charlie heaves a sigh of relief, follows him back around the sofa section as he insists on trying out each one, sitting down and bouncing around on them so many times that eventually an employee comes over to see if they’re okay.
Except angels are not the most dangerous creatures in purgatory, not by a whole way, and the leviathan will remember him.
He’s had the fucking benefit of the doubt. Sam has been the first to extend it to him, again and again. This is just like the fucking Crowley incident, where everyone but Dean could see what was going on, that they were being fucked over.
Sam is patient – he is. But even he has a fucking limit. He’s tried asking Cas nicely for information about his kidnapping experience, tried tiptoeing around him and being sensitive. Cas needs to recover, but Dean and Charlie need to know what they’re up against, too.
He sequesters himself away in one of the old, unused bedrooms with a spoon, a lighter, a needle and a belt. He hasn’t done this before but he’s had it done to him enough times that he knows exactly what to do.
He’s not stupid, he knows that he won’t just get them back and things will magically be perfect, he and Dean will be happy, the nightmares will stop. But, hell, it’s atonement. He needs to do this to get Dean’s forgiveness, to get his own forgiveness.
Not perfect, but it’ll do. Family, from what Lucifer has seen in Castiel’s fucked up little head, is the highest recommendation you can receive from Dean.
“When you were curing Crowley, me and Cas – we went there to get a cupid’s bow for the spell he was doing.”
Cas knows he should have addressed it, asked Dean if it was him talking, straightened this all out. But he’s spent a lot of time studying in the Winchester school of dealing with your problems. If he doesn’t ask, then Dean isn’t going to tell him to fuck off and leave him alone, that he doesn’t swing that way and that Cas disgusts him or something.
Ah fuck it, she’s only a few stops away from home anyway, she can get off and walk. It’s a nice enough day and she’s in a good mood. She doesn’t mind the idea of excess exercise.
“Hmm. Well, half of it got accidentally knocked on the floor when you weren’t looking and had to go in the bin. Damn shame.”
“I don’t know why I’m fucking engaging with you. This is all in my head, and Cas isn’t fucking here, so I might as well just cut my losses and go find an out.”
. If he does shuck it, if he does fight it away and win, it wants to make sure he’ll die soon after, self-hating, alone and crippled by the miserable knowledge of what he’s done.
“Yeah.” Dean’s tone has the carefully calm cadence of someone who’s trying very hard not to panic, and not quite managing it.
A sweater leaps onto her face and wraps around her eyes as Cahor whoops, lunges past her and out into the plaza. He dives into the market section, backs into a corridor of stalls narrow enough that only the two of them can fit, just in case her two helpers should come looking.
The knowledge that Cas is on foot relaxes Dean a little. If he was in a car who knows where he’d be by now, on foot he only has a couple of options. On foot is manageable.
“I doubt he ever really existed, and even if he did, he’s long gone. I wouldn’t have brought you here otherwise.”
And Dean had known, with sudden, agonising clarity, that he was going to take Cas’s side on this. No matter how he disagreed with it, couldn’t really understand it. No matter how much he wanted to join Sam and wheedle and argue and try and get Cas to change his mind.
This is the right choice. It hurts, but it’s the right choice. It’s like cleaning out a wound with saltwater. It ain’t pretty, and it’s painful, but it’s for the benefit of all involved in the end, clear out the infection.
Okay, concentrate. He knows what’s in it, he just needs to run down to the basement and grab a few ingredients and hope that no-one blows up or travels into a parallel dimension or something in the meantime.
“I thought because it wasn’t my choice to start, that it’d be easy to stop. But it wasn’t. I drove away my friends, I begged the love of my life for drugs – tried to manipulate him by saying if he loved me he’d get me what I needed – wanted.
Still, if Sam had given himself fully to Lucifer the first time, then Lucifer wouldn’t have Castiel, wouldn’t have his full angelic strength.
“Don’t." His voice rises, angry, but still not enough to look at Cas. "I can’t hear that bullshit right now. About what I’m worth or not.”
He creeps along the corridor, leaning heavily on the wall, doing his best to remain silent but not doing an amazing job.
It’s too easy. He knows something, he must. Why else would he bring up Cas like that. Maybe he’s got him hidden in the basement, fucking tied up and struggling, while he stands up here and exchanges small talk with a triumphant fucking smile underneath. Never mind that this place doesn’t have a basement, never mind that Druiel’s done nothing whatsoever to arouse suspicion or indicate that they ought to distrust him.
He forces Dean to take it slowly, every time he tries to build up a bit of speed and slam himself down, Cas tightens his grip on his hips and stops him, slows him until he settles into the pace Cas wants.
Sam nods, offers the rest of his mostly full bottle to Dean. He accepts it, balances it precariously on the ground next to him and then nudges at Cas.
Sam leans back, a little thrown by Dean’s aggressive defensiveness, but he doesn’t challenge it. Charlie had warned him that Dean was feeling a little tense. Okay, not exactly the phrasing she’d used, but it had been the vague sort of gist.
“Are you, um, do you—” Dean flounders, unable to find a casual way of asking if Cas wants him to stay or go. Cas’s tense posture relaxes a little, barest hint of a smile poking through. And god, Dean’s missed that. It sets a little flutter in his chest, some kind of warmth oozing through his veins.
“It’s not your fault, Dean.” She sighs, but he doesn’t reply. She hauls herself to her feet, makes herself look at him. His eyes are closed, flat out drunk and asleep. Huh.
Cas punches him with all the strength in his fragile human body, wishing now that he still had angelic weight to put behind the blow. He hits Buck neatly in the middle of his face, breaking his nose with a wet crunch. The room goes silent, and Cas realises that perhaps he isn’t being as subtle as he could have been.
He’s not coping, not by a long shot. It’s only been a day, but give him fucking years and he doesn’t think he’ll be over hearing that coming out of Cas’s mouth.
A hand on Dean’s shoulder has him jumping up, knife drawn before he even consciously realises it. He’s surprised to see Cas. It’s been half an hour at most, he thought he’d have longer to pull himself together, didn’t want Cas to have to see him like this.
“And we’re very grateful for your effort, Charlie. Of course.” Cas, apparently ever the diplomat, reassures her.
The thing is, for all Sam thinks he’s being blindly loyal, Dean knows he has to consider all the options. There’s a lot of shit here that doesn’t make sense – Cas’s purchases, the fact that he hasn’t contacted them, that his phone goes to voice mail every time Dean tries to call. He trusts Cas, he does, and he doesn’t think that Cas is up to anything, but, if he is, which he fucking isn’t, Dean’s sure, but on the tiny, infinitesimal chance that he is up to something, he’ll be doing it for the greater good. Just, sometimes, Cas’s judgement doesn’t turn out to be all that reliable.
Dean waits until his assailant is right behind him, springs upwards and grabs the guy in a headlock.
“Okay. Woke up, looked around a bit, picked up a rock, um, ran around for a while, and then – I heard, like wings? That noise your lot used to make when they zapped places. Then I got a fuckass of a headache, climbed up into a tree to play it safe and just sat there until I started falling asleep. Tried to keep myself awake at first, then I realised I was being a fucking moron, and that sleep was how I got here, it’s probably how I get out too. So, head against the trunk, eyes shut, tadaa woke up here.”
He closes his eyes and shakes his head, like if he does it aggressively enough that asshole voice will lose its grip and fall out of his ears and leave him the fuck alone. When he opens his eyes the fridge is open and he isn’t sure he remembers moving over there but it’s okay he’s just gonna have one drink, one to soothe things over. That doesn’t make him a bad person.
He roams around for a bit, trying to walk off the jittery energy building in his bones, eventually finds himself back in the living room where he finds Cas, lying on his side with his eyes closed and the crossest expression a supposedly sleeping man has ever worn.
“You’re not buying him a proper bed. It’s just something comfy we can put in the living room for naps. Just get whatever offends your inner Lawrence Llewelyn-Bowen the least and we can princess and the pea that shit up with so many layers of foam mattress softener it’ll be like sleeping on a cloud.”
He decides for honesty. “I was thinking about how hard it would be to make a quick getaway if we were in a line of cars, in one of the dangerous animal enclosures with an airlock gate.”
It happens gradually, and once Sam notices he fucking kicks himself for it, but in his defence it would be perfectly normal if it were happening to anyone who wasn’t Castiel.
“Are you gonna listen to me this time and play it safe, or are you gonna insist on playing outside of your ability and lose?” Dean asks Cas pointedly, gets a middle finger in response. “Well, if you don’t
His first instinct is to yank it away but he quells that, eases it away slowly so that Cas won’t notice instead. Cas makes a small noise but doesn’t stir. Thank fuck.
“Hannah. We’re in the middle of nowhere, there shouldn’t be any angels here at all. The fact that there are means these guys ain’t gonna to be your friends – we’re not leaving you here to die.” Dean snaps.
Cas wasn’t his brother, but he was close. So even though it makes this physically harder, more gruelling, Sam’s glad that he’s digging this grave in the cold, wet, night. It lets him switch off a little, lose himself in the messy, dirty work. Stops it from blurring together with the last time he committed a member of his patchwork little family to the earth.
“Me neither, but here we are.” A pause. “I’ve been thinking, and I reckon I know why you can’t let this drop.”
The insinuation that he needs alcohol to talk about his problems seems to do it. Dean opens up, spills about seeing Sam with the girl and then grinds to a halt.
Dean watches them pick up the coffin and take it outside. He doesn’t know where they’re going, refused to be involved in this charade in all but the smallest of ways.
“I know it feels like no-one could possibly ever have been through this before, that this must be unique and brand new and the end of the world, but it’s not. There’s a reason I’m the one who stayed while Dean went out to hunt the guy who did this to you.”
He doesn’t feel guilty about corrupting the crime scene. The less the regular police can glean from this the better. If something has the juice to off ten angels, regular human cops aren’t going to have a hope.
He talks a big talk, but he doesn’t actually care hugely about winning – I mean, yeah, bragging rights and an open IOU to be used on the most stubborn annoying bastard in the world would be nice, but he’s not gonna be crushed if he loses. And he’s certainly not going to take this as seriously as Cas.
Should be smooth updating from here, had some tech issues (as ever) and was busy with the move but that's all ironed out now barring unexpected disaster.
Cas hums, shifting so that they’re settled down together, his head tucked on Dean’s chest where he can hear his heartbeat. Dean entwines their legs, like some kind of gangly human octopus, and buries his nose in Cas’s hair. He smells like bonfires and apple shampoo.
Cas twirls his tongue around one finger, and suddenly all Dean can think about is what he said, his ass clenching around nothing, wishing with every fiber of his being that they were back in the bunker, that Cas’s tongue was there instead, opening him up, getting ready to fuck him until he screamed.
Lucifer takes Dean’s head in his hands, stifling a laugh at the reactions he gets. Dean leans into it, closes his eyes, and Cas practically vibrates with a mix of longing and fear.
Cas can’t think of anything he’d like less than hearing the gaps and the cracks in Dean Winchester’s voice as he tries to pretend everything is okay, that Cas hasn’t done what he always promised he wouldn’t.
Dean lowers himself down gently, slowly, waiting to adjust before settling in Cas’s lap. He groans, trembles with anticipation, desperate to start moving but knowing he needs to give them both a moment.
It’s weird being this undressed for Dean, anyway. Much as he’d got used to a more casual life, he pretty easily snapped back to the on-the-road habit of crashing out fully dressed. Habit of a lifetime verses a few months. And at one time he’d have felt vindicated that he hadn’t turned soft, now it just depresses him.
“You’re supposed to be my best friend slash annoying sister I never wanted. I thought that means you take my side.”
“You’re killing me, man.” Dean groans out and cups his hand around the back of Cas’s head, gently, mindful of his wounds.
The carrots are good for that, less so the onions but that’s okay because cutting onions with a blunt knife is an easy road to physical discomfort, and therefore distraction. Keep running and it won’t catch up. Keep thinking about how irritated your eyes are and you don’t have to see Cas, laughing hysterically, mouth gaping open and eyes glazed.
It takes them two days to get back to the bunker in their stolen car. Dean finds himself drawing it out, trying to prolong the journey. He doesn’t want to go home – or to where home used to be. Doesn’t want the reckoning, the last fucking goodbye.
It’s harder to kill yourself with your own blade than Cas imagined. The mind fights back. It’s trying to rebel against itself, against its own better judgement. Cas shuts that down with a grunt, pulls in a deep breath and—
Cas looks at Dean, his mussed hair, the crusted come on his thighs. He sniffs at himself. It’s not too unpleasant, he smells like sweat and sex and Dean, but he doesn’t think it’s a smell Sam would appreciate.
They exchange glancing blows, nicks and scrapes and flesh wounds, until finally Dean catches a break. One of the werewolves misjudges a lunge, leaves herself open for Dean to sheathe the sword in her ribs. She yelps in pain, distracting her partner, and Dean manages to behead first one, and then the other in quick succession.
Eh, at least he gets a warning of some kind. Unfortunately, it means he knows it’s not worth trying to go back to sleep. All he’ll end up doing is lying here and worrying and probably throwing it all out of proportion until an hour has passed and he’s pretty sure he somehow let Michael out of the cage and now it’s just a countdown until he’s an angel condom and the world is no more.
“Yeah, well, we’re keeping it that way.” Sam grumbles. “So, fair’s fair. I lost. What are we making next?”
He’s trying very hard not to think about the fact that Dean isn’t in bed next to him, even though it’s 3am. He’s trying very hard not to think about the fact that he's worked out what was making him feel unsettled during the pool game.
“No, it wouldn’t. But never mind that, I can finish biting your head off for all of this goddamn mess later. You didn’t come all the way here to spill the news about Cas in person, your panicked, last minute phone call made that pretty clear. So honest to god, what’s happening now that’s so bad you needed me face to face.”
If he climbs into a fucking truck, Dean is gonna kill him. Doesn’t matter if he has to blow his cover to do it. Dean’s had experience with the less salubrious kind of truck drivers – years back, not something he likes to dwell on – and the idea of Sam sharing a cabin with that type of asswipe puts him on edge.
“I’m not sure of much about that forest, Dean, but I’m certain the reason that something big and bad and hideous always finds you, is because that thing on your back creates them exactly for that purpose.”
“’Cept we didn’t have any swimming stuff, but we didn’t wanna tell him that in case we ruined whatever we had planned. So we got to the beach in jeans and trainers and nothing better to change into and you shoulda seen his goddamn face. So exasperated, like he’d planned this whole big thing, we’d
Demonic healing, that’s another matter, and well, Dean has a fucking history when it comes to deals with demons and people he loves.
“It’s not your fault Cas is suffering. The things that happened to him, they were brutal. He’s traumatised and hurting, of course he’s gonna revisit that from time to time. Doesn’t make it your fault.”
“What’ve you been getting yourself mixed up in, brother?” Benny asks, stepping away and wiping it off with the back of his hand.
“I know you, Dean Winchester, Michael sword, coward. This isn’t about protecting Castiel. This is about you – you’re afraid.”
Cas ignores the stab he feels at that. Lucifer has a point – it’s one of the worst things about him. He never torments with a lie when the truth would do.
Demons are one thing, demons with that kind of firepower. No. To all things an order, and that definitely strays outside the order. What’s the point in having hell if the earth is a nuclear wasteland, honestly. Some demons have no foresight, or sense of consequence.
SORRY. I was ill, and then it was my birthday so I made myself more ill by refusing to cancel my plans, and then it was Christmas, and then it was NYE, and then I've been working overtime all this week. BLEAUGH. Next chapter /should/ be out as usual, I already have some scenes sketched out for it, I just have to figure out how to tie them into a coherent narrative.
He comes to regret his hesitance. The voices in his head shriek triumphantly and the writhing shapes on the ground still. Three feathers, two grey and one black, separate from the body, fall to the floor. They land, quill down, plant themselves in the earth and begin to grow. In size first, and then in shape. The shafts stretch, grow into anthropoid form and the vanes soften, lengthen into long, curled hair.
Cas won’t be moved though. Dean tries everything, every little button and pressure point he knows. He pulls at Cas’s hair, bites him, even tries to touch his cock – the only thing Cas responds to, and then only to bat his hand away. Nothing. Cas is a fucking rumbling glacier, churning along at his own steady pace.
It’s so easy to slip back into this, Cas thinks, idle banter and casual teasing. It’s everything else that comes hard. Maybe they just need time, to ease back into their familiar pattern. It could be worse, so much worse. They have this to fall back on, it’s not all angst and hand wringing and awkward silences.
And as he runs, guilt writhes and seethes inside his chest. Whatever is on his tail, he’s leading it straight to Dean.
Dean back-pedals furiously. “No, I just, don’t let go. It’s nice, I uh—” He flushes bright red “I’ve missed this.”
Sam tries to catch Cas’s eye as he leads Dean inside, but either he’s oblivious, or he’s determinedly looking elsewhere.
He opens one puffed up eye, stares at her and whispers something she doesn’t hear. She sighs, comes over and sits on the floor, legs splayed out on the ground, head close enough to Dean’s that she can hear him talk, but she doesn’t fucking have to look at him. She’s torn between sympathy and rage, doesn’t know where she’s going to fall.
And then he stops, does the angelic possession equivalent of grabbing Cas by the chin and forcibly turning his head towards Dean, giving him no choice but to look, and listen.
Dean sits up so fast it jolts the bed, causes Cas’s teeth to click together painfully. “A nightmare?”
“Claire.” He manages, and she knows that tone. She knows what’s coming next. It’s the same tone that gravely informed her about her father’s death, her mother’s. It’s the same tone that every fucking piece of bad news in her horrible fucking life has been delivered in.
“Exactly. This place has been a blip on angel radar for a few hundred years. A bonfire hiding a candle.”
Dean shrugs, scratches absently at the bandage on his right arm. Over where the Mark used to be, Crowley notes with interest.
That someone hasn’t carved wings into Cas’s back in vicious, angular cuts, deep enough to scar, deep enough that they’ll never go away entirely without help. A mockery of what he was and what he is now – or maybe designed to remind him every day of what he has lost, Sam doesn’t know the purpose. He just knows how much that must have hurt.
He pulls up by the side of the road, sees the scorched, black mess of a human being in the front seat, and throws up against a tree. He’s got a strong stomach, has done for a long time. Not that strong. Not when it comes to the charcoaled, blackened bones of people he loves.
“This time?” He echoes, meeting Cas’s eye for the first time since he woke up. There’s something very old and very deep in those eyes, an emotion that he can’t even give a name to. It doesn’t make Dean any less edgy.
“You think he chose this spot because it’s the only flat place in the bunker?” Charlie asks as they open the door.
“How, exactly? We don’t have any class rings, we don’t have the spell to open the cage up again – and even if we did, what’re we gonna do, just shove Sammy back down in there?”
Which, he does and he doesn’t. He trusts the wards, what he does’t trust is his own universe-offendingly bad luck. Or Cas’s, for that matter. Jesus, it’s a miracle that the combined might of their bad juju hasn’t killed them both already.
“I set a trap for him, lured him to a warehouse with reports of angel murders. I knew that even though he’d betrayed his own kind and thrown his lot in with you he still retained some affection for his former brothers and sisters, enough that I could use against him. He fought well, but there were enough of us that we eventually overcame him. He killed many good angels that day, but I knew that it would be worth it to get revenge upon
Dean lets himself in, half expecting – mostly hoping – that he’s going to be pounced on by a furious Sam, with demands to explain himself, where he was and what he was doing.
Cas nods slowly, but he doesn’t got lax and compliant like Dean had hoped. He pushes back every step of the way.
“Drink yourself to an early grave all you want, I’ve never stopped you before, but this is getting in the way of the job. Or it would be if we were doing the job. You remember what that was, right? Saving people? Hunting things? ‘Cause we haven’t done it in months.”
“You need to rest.” Sam says, in his best parent tone, as he scoops Dean up off the floor and carries him back to that fucking room. “But when you’ve rested, we’re gonna have to talk about this.”
“No, we have another one. Dean found it in a burned out vehicle that’d fled the scene.” Sam pointedly avoids mentioning Cas.
Charlie dumps Dean on the bed, is about to turn away and settle herself on her own, when she hears a low mumble.
“From left to right, that’s the Ardbeg 10, the Laphroaig 10, and finally, the Lagavulin 16. Enjoy your drinks.”
Dean hands his plate over to Sam, making vague small talk with Cas. Sam takes it, nudges Charlie, who shoots him a look – like what, four entire plates too much work for you – but gets up to help him none the less.
“Because when I accidentally rended myself from the grace, it was left with no angelic influence, so it reverted to a, um, ‘factory setting’.” He makes air quotes, and Dean tries his hardest not to laugh. This is a serious conversation.
Dean flirts back, because that’s what is expected of him. Because he needs to maintain their cover. Because an old friend of his dad’s is watching, has told him how proud his dad would be of him. Because somewhere, deep down inside, he still needs to impress John Winchester. And if John Winchester isn’t around, then his friends are the next best thing.
“I know I’m not as close to him as Dean is, but Jesus, he’s about the nearest thing I’ve got to a best friend and I gave up on him when he was missing and I don’t think I can lose him again. I don’t think I can watch Dean lose him again.”
And no. Just no. He’s gonna cut that line of thought right off, and he is not gonna behave inappropriately while he’s trying to cook.
“I don’t mind. I think the less I know about this sort of stuff the better, really. It’s one thing knowing that you can be shot with impunity, it’s another to actually hear about it happening.”
Sam upends half the bottle into the bath, followed by the bomb, swirls them around with his hands until there’s a healthy layer of bubbles and magenta water covering Cas’s cadaverous body. It hadn’t occurred to him that Cas would react so badly – he’s seen Cas’s naked form, he’s had time, not to get used to it, but to at least not to flinch away from it.
But no, ‘cause if that’s the case then there’s nothing Dean can do to escape, he might as well just fucking lie here.
Cas dives into the column and Dean covers his mouth with his shirt and tries to breathe through that as he listens for sounds of fighting.
“Of course not, buddy.” Dean’s voice almost cracks with relief and he tries to cover it. “You’d never– you’re the last person I think would betray us like that.”
The problem is, Dean knows Cas is right. Cas’s life is his own to gamble with as he sees fit. But that doesn’t mean Dean isn’t allowed to vocalise his opinion, very fucking angrily. Tell him he’s being a dumbass.
Unless of course she tried to kill him and wasn’t able – because fuck does it feel like she tried – and her solution is to just lock him up and leave him here to rot. And not even in a useful place, like the cell next to fucking Metatron’s. No, alone in the most boringly mundane and unimpressive prison ever to have existed. Sounds about right.
Maybe it’s just Dean, but he feels like he can detect some kind of undercurrent to Sam’s tone. Some little suspicion, hint of another question.
“We can move your things back in tomorrow.” He hopes Dean sees the invitation there, because he hasn’t got the energy to explain himself. Instead he shuffles into the room, leaves the door open for Dean to follow. Dean hesitates a moment, and Cas tries to dredge up the energy to chastise him for his skittishness, but then he comes inside and closes the door.
“Knight of hell.” Cas grunts, getting to his feet and dusting himself off. He looks wobbly, and he’s sporting a black eye that doesn’t seem to be healing.
” She’s practically crying now, and it sets Sam off too. Dean holds out for one, two, three long seconds, trying so hard to be pissed off, but then he’s laughing too.
He makes a line for the bedroom, hoping to see Cas there. What for, he doesn’t fucking know. To say hi, maybe, and then turn tail and run before he can vomit up all of the curdled fear and anxiety and
Cas scowls at him. Okay, yes, he’s taken quite easily to the joys of morning coffee, but whose fault is that? The Winchesters and their stupid early mornings and inhuman need for only four hours sleep, that’s who. Back in the days when Jimmy Novak actually slept he never had less than a solid nine every night, and his body is not taking kindly to the change.
“BECAUSE YOU'RE SQUEEZING SO TIGHT YOU'RE IN DANGER OF BREAKING MY RIBS, BUT I'M ALSO PRETTY SURE THAT'S YOUR BONER I CAN FEEL DIGGING INTO MY BACK.”
“I wouldn’t want to spoil your lovely romantic walk along the beach.” Sarah looks up from her book with a grin.
“I was about to kill you, did you know that? Pump you full of enough junk that you died in bliss, left there for Dean to find. But he arrived too early, and you know what, I’m
But of course, it isn’t just that. It’s the fact that Lucifer took this from him, and no matter what happens now, it’s ruined forever.  Either Cas loses Dean, or he keeps him, and maybe that would be worse. Dean could admit he feels the same way, they could expel Lucifer, but this moment would still be his. He’d still be the reason, the catalyst. He’d still be hanging over their lives for the rest of forever.
Cas hasn’t always dreamt like a human. When he was in the process of falling, all the way back in 2010, his dreams were as much a mongrel as he was – angelic memories and concepts twisted and mutated by the neural pathways of a fragile, human mind.
Cas doesn’t know where they’re going, but he knows it’s far away. They’ve been on the road for nearly fifteen hours straight, with occasional stops to piss or grab an unsatisfying bag of junk food from a gas station.
He’s trying, it’s not his fault that Cas seems just as bored as he is – he’s seen the film before, sort of, so any plot twists or wow moments are already out the fucking window for him – and he’s decided to try and deal with that by fitting his teeth around the shell of Dean’s ear and nipping lightly.
C can’t be in the room, he’d have made his presence known by now. Pretending to sleep doesn’t work so well when you’ve been evacuating at both ends, not that Cas was good at that anyway. Somehow he always knew, and Cas learned early on that trying to feign sleep to escape him wasn’t going to work.
Castiel doesn’t know what to make of it. He can’t tell if Dean is dropping these anecdotes deliberately, or unconsciously; if they’re part of the show he’s putting on or something else entirely. If he notices that these carefully unboxed memories are of things his brother hated, he doesn’t show it; the look in his eyes is closer to fond than haunted. Castiel supposes it’s normal, among siblings, for love and bickering to be all intertwined. He wonders when Dean and Sam crossed over the line to something else. He wonders if Dean knows himself.
“Want to do something for you,” Castiel tells him. He can’t stop himself from biting at Dean’s lips as he says it, because they’re close and full and spit-slick and perfect. “Want to — don’t want to just take and take —”
“I’m — fine,” Castiel grunts. He tries again to roll the truck back onto the pavement — puts his shoulder into it. It doesn’t budge.
“I fink so!” Jack wriggles excitedly, clinging to two of Castiel’s fingers and nearly falling as his stubby legs carry his body over the rough ground. “Sam says the ones with front legs are
He’s not sure if he says something, with his stance or his eyes or the muscles at the corner of his mouth, but a breath gusts out of Dean, sudden, and he’s moving close. “Hey,” he says, with his hand between Castiel’s shoulderblades, and then, “Hey,” again, and kisses his cheekbone, his hairline. “Thanks for being here.”
Cas is just staring at him. Dean’s nerves, weirdly quiet for a moment there, come back at a full roar. But he plows on.
“I was just about to run some errands in town,” says Missouri’s lilting voice behind them. “You boys give me a call if you need anything, you hear?”
He looks down, fumbles to turn on the screen. Only a few minutes have passed. It feels like an hour, like a century. His brain feels outside of his head.
Still he keeps eating. Still John watches. He watches like he likes what he’s seeing, and Castiel can’t tell what kind of monster he is — the kind who truly believes his son is happy, performing this charade? Or the kind that sees his obedience and doesn’t care?
She gives him a dimpled smile. “Right this way, sir,” she says, and leads them through the back of the restaurant to a private room.
His words and rational thoughts are cut off when Dean grinds up into him, and Cas gasps and ruts hard against him, nearly driving them both across the bed. The mattress takes the opportunity to whine again, horribly, and then Dean’s laughing and Castiel’s laughing and they’re both sitting up and Dean’s murmuring, “Here, we’ll put the blanket on the floor.”
Dean huffs out a laugh, and it ghosts across Castiel’s face. He draws closer — comes to a stop so near that every inch of Castiel’s body is tingling with awareness of the proximity, so near that their breath tangles in the gap between their lips. “That’s a lie,” he says, and brings their mouths together.
Sam is sitting up in his chair. “Then what about something that’s not Disney? Like — Pixar, or something.”
Castiel’s pockets are heavy with rocks. He’d planned to tell Dean about them. Instead, he says, “What are we doing here?”
He’s a little surprised at his own sudden, rabidly partisan enthusiasm. Not that he would expect to root
in your Wranglers and cowboy hats, and to think that underneath it you’re wearing —” He gestures helplessly, curling up on his side.
are one of them,” he says softly. “The first of them. Those who would teach your son to be used and discarded.”
Cas would live a good life without Dean. A better one — he’d realize that eventually. He’d have Jack; they’d have the run of the bunker. The two of them could be happy. Maybe Sam could even be there, and Eileen —
“Yes.” Castiel adds, reluctantly, “I am — not sure, whether this is a recursive timeline or a divergent one. If it’s the latter, this Jimmy may live out his days in peace. I — I hope that he does.”
The thing about Dean Winchester is that there are so many things about Dean Winchester, and his father’s voice is a tide to wash all of them away.
Lock-picking — the drills Dad used to put them through. A couple times Dean had to innovate his way out of compromising situations; Sam rolls his eyes at that, and Charlie outright giggles.
His dick looks achingly hard; it’s dripping precome at the tip, and Castiel wants to put his mouth on it, wants to see how loud he could make Dean shout, but he doesn’t think Dean would be able to last. He drags his fingers out instead, slow, tantalizing — Dean whines his name — and then he takes mercy and slams them back in.
The closeness of his body is a physical thing. The intent in Cas’s eyes. Dean’s skin tingles with it; unconsciously, he licks his lips.
There are pterosaurs gliding overhead. Ammonites in spiral shells floating in the water at their feet. A rustling, off to their right, in the vegetation at the water’s edge, and Dean catches a glimpse of color, a crested head — a dinosaur?
and he does; deep enough for Dean’s throat and his tongue to work against them, greedy, like it’s Castiel’s cock in his mouth.
She doesn’t know how exactly their own Charlie set up the credit card, but she says she’ll take a look at it — see if she can figure out where things went wrong. She pulls two laptops out of her bag in quick sequence and sets up at the library table. Pretty soon she’s typing busily away, Sam leaning over her shoulder.
He might have been the first to gaze on an insignificant, everyday thing and by his gaze make it extraordinary.
He pulls back. He thinks he might be breathing hard; his chest is moving in, out, in, out. Cas is staring up at him, and his eyes are blue, blue, blue.
That comes later that night. They’re lying next to each other, drowsy and sated, fingers intertwined; Castiel’s mind humming pleasantly on the edge of sleep. Dean’s grip tightens on his and he says, in a slow, sleepy, armorless voice, “I don’t want to see him.”
Dean jumps. His phone clatters down into the footwell; he hunches to retrieve it. “Cas! Jesus. You scared the fuck out of me.” But his face looks happy, suddenly, for the first time in days. As he sits up again, he pivots toward Castiel, reaches out to clasp a hand to his shoulder; Castiel looks down at it. “You okay? I was worried. I haven’t seen you in — two days.”
The coffee is blessedly strong, and the food, when it comes, is good — almost pornographically good, especially with the way Dean apparently reacts to a plate full of bacon. Castiel is grateful, for the sake of his arteries, that he doesn’t have a diner like this in Calgary.
He still hasn’t had his chance for a matchup, and most of his losses this season have been to cowboys who drew one or the other of the mother-son coconut pair. The Stampede draws came out yesterday, though. Tomorrow, Dean will face Grated Coconut for the first time in his rodeo career.
So he plows on. “What prompted me is — uh — well, I’ve got this new — relationship, I guess. But I also found out pretty recently that my entire life has been one long manipulation by
Dean pulls almost off, giving Castiel a questioning look through the water streaming over his face, and Castiel nearly sobs and babbles, “Yes,
Dean actually has to dig through a duffel bag in his closet to find his social security card; he doesn’t remember the number. “We sort of,” he says, and tips a hand vaguely in the air, “weren’t always — here we go.” He gives Cas a rueful look. “Haven’t been big on above-the-board jobs. Historically speaking.”
He’s sitting on the edge of the big, boxy HVAC unit, back to Castiel. Beyond him, Cas can see nothing but blue sky.
There’s a lot he skips over. It’s all getting disorganized in his mind. He tells her about being Michael’s vessel — how that’s what he was supposed to be, and then that’s what he was, years later. About how Cas tried to stop him every time.
He falters, but Dean seems to know what he means; he laughs, at any rate, as if he does. “You wanna know something stupid?”
The TV overhead is playing some kind of morning sports program. Baseball highlights, something about a blockbuster hockey trade, and then it’s news from the Stampede. It shows barrel racing, bull riding, a few rounds of tie-down roping; then bareback comes on. The chyron reads,
he babbles. “It gets the western sky reflecting off it, especially in half an hour or so when the sky’s really on fire, the angle makes it —”
once, and he was in many ways, but he wasn’t — not really. He could still speak, and think. He could still move his own limbs.
Somewhere below them, the river rushes faintly. Wind sighs in the cottonwood leaves. Dean moves away again, opening the Impala’s back door and leaning inside; when he emerges, he has two beers in his hand. He passes Castiel one.
Then his breathing evens again. The hairs at the back of his neck tickle Castiel’s nose; Castiel’s lips brush against the knobs at the top of Dean’s spine.
Dean said, and Dean’s not the first man who’s been interested in him, it’s true. He might be the first with whom the interest is mutual; he’s also been by far more compassionate and nonjudgmental about Castiel’s various hangups than — almost anyone. Even Charlie, when he thinks about it.
Dean stills, not letting Castiel pull him farther down onto the bed. His voice is careful, almost trembling, when he says, “Do you?”
Cas could probably charge these things with a touch; Dean should ask sometime. Cas could probably jump-start a car. Not that he should ever have to, if Dean’s doing his job taking care of the maintenance on Cas’s parade of pimpmobiles and pickup trucks, but — it would be cool, anyway.
Dean tries not to spy on their conversation. Jack’s pretty good with ASL; often better, Eileen tells them, than in English. There’s vibrant conversation flying back and forth, though, and he can’t help but catch a few words; the signs for
and a shower of sparks. Castiel can feel his wings expand to fill the room, carving shadows by instinct — to shield Dean. To keep him safe.
Cas crouches beside him in the dry grass and watches Dean work. There’s nothing to do but put a plug in and get to a tire place in the morning; sidewall repairs are unreliable at best. By the time they’re ready to limp the few miles to the nearest motel, Dean’s sweaty and foul-tempered, dirty smears across his forehead where he keeps wiping sweat away.
John’s shoulders go stiff. Castiel thinks for a moment he’s about to cry; then he says, instead, gruff, “Eat your ice cream, Dean.”
He sees Sam’s face goes slack; then he ducks his head and runs a hand through his hair. “Yeah, I — yeah, you’re right. It’s just — Cas, this could go pretty bad for us. I mean, we’ve managed to stay more or less under the radar in this town, against all odds, but if we suddenly have a kid who’s — turning teachers into giant bugs —”
His voice breaks on the last question, and Castiel holds him tighter. Reaches for the phone in his fingers and closes it — tosses it gently across the room. Dean’s arms come up to wrap around Castiel’s, hugging his own torso, “Not like,” he says after a moment, “not like Sammy’s talking to me anyway.”
He catches a glimpse of the bartender’s startled expression as he vanishes. Then he’s on the sidewalk, the same spot he stepped out of Dean’s car earlier. Castiel let Dean drive them here; it seems to mean a lot to him, driving. There’s some novelty in the experience of sitting in a wheeled conveyance, moving at a human’s pace.
“Most of it,” Dean nods. “I remember when Michael stabbed you. I remember —” His voice turns almost shy. “I remember what he said about your vessel.”
If he said all that, Sam would probably give him a puppy-dog look. He’d probably say something like,
he says, touching his shoulders, but Dean is already rolling over, reaching out a blind hand for Castiel.
Cas hesitates. Then he spreads a map on the table. “If you would be — amenable,” he says, “there’s a place I spent some time last fall. It’s a day’s drive, though. I wouldn’t want to impose.”
Castiel takes photos of the first real snow of the year. He takes Rummage for a hike in the mountains and writes Dean in detail about all the fossils they find. He dreams vividly of Dean and writes it down, on its own page, with an all-caps
But Castiel already knows. He already knows the resonance of those tones; he already knows the power of the force that knocked him back.
He used to think all those nights he and Cas spent watching movies on his laptop were torture. Just the two of them, propped up on pillows, the screen between them. Legs hanging off opposite sides of Dean’s bed. Torture, but one of the good kinds. He always tried to be so careful. Not to turn too obviously to watch Cas watch the movie. Not to idly brush their hands.
“I kinda —” Dean shuffles his shoulders against the wall. “I sorta, like. I had it in my head I was gonna come — save you. I dunno how, I was gonna figure it out, like you — like you pulled me out of Hell. I was just —
Cas comes bearing a tackle box and two fishing rods. Over his trenchcoat, he’s wearing a green mesh vest with an enormous number of pockets. Dean takes one look at him and doubles over laughing.
Floss goes with them, most days. She’s pregnant, and starting to get round and heavy with it, but it doesn’t seem to slow her down. She slithers through the bushes, nodding red now with rosehips, and never seems to catch the silky hair of her tail in their thorns.
“You’re leaving either way, though.” There’s a stubborn set to Dean’s jaw. “You’re going back to your time. Or, or Heaven or whatever.”
Castiel moves to follow them, but as he tries to withdraw his hand, Dean’s fingers tighten around it. He hesitates.
though. That’s what Dean realizes, as he moves around the bunker. Not like rain; like a person. Cas is here in the books he left out and his careful writing on the labels of the store room shelves. He’s here in the collection of Crunch Cookie Crunch decoder rings in his dresser drawer.
Dean bites his lip. “What if,” he interrupts, and his cheeks are bright; “what if — I like feeling used?”
Turning to look for Dean, Castiel sees he’s down on one knee, surrounded by a knot of sleek fur and wagging tails, Floss among them. The dogs must have arrived with Jo; she slides out of the truck, grinning, and half them detach from Dean to wind around her knees.
“Good for you,” she says. She punches Cas in the arm. “Hey, are you around? We’d love to have you over for dinner — Caleb and I.”
It still looks dirty from Saturday, and he smiles fondly at it for a moment, remembering the plume of dust that followed him down the Walking L’s driveway. Shaking his head, he opens the door, deposits his laptop bag in the passenger seat, and starts the ignition.
“You’re okay?” he asks. His chest is heaving slightly, and he stinks. The dust caked to his face is so soaked in sweat it looks more like mud. Castiel wonders faintly what Dean would have to do to seem unattractive to him. He’s not sure the possibility exists.
he writes. He writes about the magpies, about baby Leila’s precarious attempts at walking, about Sadie the dog staggering stiff-legged and anxious behind her as she toddles across the yard.
There’s cleanup to deal with, after they finally unseal themselves; after Dean levers himself up on his knees with a groan and Castiel’s cock slips free. There’s cleanup to deal with, but they lounge in the sheets instead, away from the wet spot, even though Dean points out he’s just making a new one. Castiel keeps tracing the mark on his shoulder, can’t help himself; he likes how it makes Dean shiver.
Castiel finds it after a moment’s searching. “Your taste in music seems well suited to road songs,” he observes, and waits for the Zeppelin song to finish before changing out the tapes.
He can feel the little pond as they get close — the web of alien consciousnesses. A fat green frog hiding in the weeds at the water’s edge. A damselfly perched on a blade of grass. The larval diving beetles with their enormous jaws, stalking under dead leaves beneath the water, dreaming of prey. The wriggling tadpoles, eating and growing, working toward some foreign thing they don’t know the shape of yet — except perhaps in ancestral memory.
He imagines Cas with Dean’s name on his lips, Cas with his pupils enormous and hair messy and chest bare, Cas in the blue half-light —
Even the thin walls within the coral tubes are preserved, the surrounding material weathered out so they stand out like tiny stars. He finds solitary
Dean makes a wrecked, needy sound and tips his head back onto Castiel’s shoulder. He curls his tongue around Castiel’s fingers and quivers when Castiel jacks him again, slow; his body is like a live wire. Castiel could play it as he pleases — watch Dean come undone — but no. Dean made a request.
Castiel does not have access to Dean’s divine instructions, though he’s guessed the shape of them. But that isn’t what Dean’s talking about. “You mean your father.”
Jesus, just Cas’s eyes are fucking him up. He feels goosebumps rise on his skin. “It’s not ‘cause — I don’t want to do stuff. I, uh. Really,
Dean is locked up tight as a Ma’lak Box. He watches Castiel, when he thinks Castiel isn’t looking; he longs for him in some undefined way. But he doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t let any stray prayers fly. Not after Castiel told him —
A swoosh, and a splash. Jack’s completely distracted. Castiel fills their bucket quickly with water and upends his catch into it. “Look what we got! How many tadpoles? One, two —”
The tadpoles don’t seem bothered by their newfound confinement. Their minds settle quickly back to normal. Castiel’s heart can’t help but twist at the thought; he can’t help but wonder —
Charlie is glancing between them like she’s watching a tennis match. “Well, this is adorable and a little creepy,” she comments. “But hunting’s more than shooting and punching, right? I mean, Sam, your little hunter academy — you’re the one who was always drilling everyone on —
Something washes through Dean’s eyes; for a moment he looks completely overwhelmed. Then he says, “You look —”
Finally, Jack looks shame-faced, and Eileen reaches out to put one hand on his shoulder. She gives him a smile.
he drops his head with a shaking breath to press against Dean’s chest, just so he can hide his face for a moment, just so he can not be observed, but one of Dean’s arms comes up around his shoulders and the other hand tangles in his hair, as if it’s the most natural thing in the world. They’re gentle, so gentle that Cas knows he could pull free of them in a heartbeat if he wanted, but he doesn’t want. Dean’s thumb sweeps slow circles behind his ear.
“Wh —” Castiel cranes his neck, scowling, trying to see what Dean’s so amused by. Then he realizes: he’s lying among the pile of shirts he hastily tried on and discarded, the morning Dean picked him up. He’d had one picked out the night before, rejected it in the morning, went through a half dozen or more other options, finally returned to the one he’d first picked, and — well. The evidence is hard to refute.
In John’s room, they find more clutter. Old newspapers and occult books; Dean doesn’t comment, just piles most of them in
Naomi is sitting already with a glass of orange juice, looking like she selected her clothes to match the crisp white tablecloth and seafoam-green cushion of her chair. In contrast, Charlie’s hot pink shirt looks garish. She flips her hair as if she realizes it and tugs Castiel into a chair.
But Cas smiles. “I wonder if I loved those people,” he says simply. “If that’s why I rebelled. It’s the only thing I can think of that makes sense. But it is hard to imagine ever having loved anyone as I love you.”
On September 25th, Castiel hasn’t slept. He pours bleary coffee for both of them, forces his favorite travel mug on Dean. He drives him to the airport, and pays for a space in the parking garage to walk him inside. Outside the customs line, he stands with his hands in his pockets, not knowing what to do with them, and then pulls them out and grabs Dean’s shoulders and kisses him there, for all the world — or at least its early-morning jetsetters, its bored security agents, its disoriented redeye-departers — to see.
Thanks so much to Kasia, for whom I wrote it, and whose reactions sustained me along the way; to Natalie, whose terrifying genius brain deserves part credit/blame for everything I write, and who always calls out my most batshit choices while somehow goading me to even greater heights of batshittery; to
That makes Dean’s ribs tense, then gust out a small sigh. They sit for a while like that, rocking gently, and eventually Dean asks, “Do you think I’m still going to Hell?”
But no. If he could mark Dean, he wouldn’t do it there — not among words written in fear. He would mark Dean’s skin with his mouth, with his hands; he would mark him in ecstasy.
“He said ‘whatever we see,’” Dean adds. “Do you think — do you think something’s fucked up with the whole
“He was pretty messed up at the time,” Dean adds, reflexively. “He’d gotten on, uh — drugs and stuff, in college, and his girlfriend called me and I went out there to try and straighten him out, but it, uh — wasn’t really working, so anyway, wound up dragging his ass home and then to rehab, and — anyway. It’s a long, stupid story. I get why he was mad.”
“I mean, it’s pretty obvious, right? You’re supposed to save me from Hell. So — I’m going to Hell. ‘Cause, I’m a, you know, shitty fucking person, which — no arguments here — but. You must have to, like — stop me from doing even worse shit.”
Castiel releases him instantly, reeling back in shock. He can’t retreat all the way, though, because Dean’s legs are holding him in place, and an instant later Dean is following him, kissing him, running encouraging hands down his sides as if to say
He said yes because Dean asked. He said yes because he thought Dean never might ask. He said yes because he wants to know what that third date would be like, and because he’d be happy to live in their first one forever.
“Yes.” Cas answers the question easily, and Dean has to fight down a shiver, fold his fingers carefully over his knees.
There’s kids and families everywhere, a dense press of people. If anyone Castiel knows was here, they probably wouldn’t even see each other. Probably.
Castiel doesn’t object, just blinks himself to the back of the car and opens the trunk. There are two duffel bags in there, one filled with weapons, but the other seems to contain clothes; he takes that and Dean’s boots and blinks himself back into the passenger seat.
“Yes. A singular person in a singular place attracts attention. You were right, though; those places are special, but not because they are singular.”
used to worry about you getting sick,” Dean points out, “used to worry all the time — great way to bring down Child Services, some twelve-year-old kid taking his eight-year-old brother with a fever to the ER.”
Then he shuts up so they can sit in the yard and watch birds with Cas. The woman keeps commenting on what good eyesight Cas has, and how remarkable it is that he can identify birds from such a distance without binoculars; Cas is looking increasingly uncomfortable. Dean grins to himself and looks up the price of binoculars online.
“Our session will be an hour long. You may talk about anything you like, but if you’re unsure where to start, I’d suggest telling me what prompted you to request this appointment — what your goals are in speaking to me.”
Castiel stops dead, turning. Two men are standing there, arms hooked on the rail of a pen where more horses shift and stomp. They both look something like Cas’s age — late twenties, probably — but that’s where the resemblance ends. The two men — cowboys, they’ve got to be cowboys — are in boots and jeans and wide-brimmed hats pulled so low it’s hard to make out their faces.
There are fish of all shapes and sizes: some tiny and darting, others enormous. There are sharks, like Eileen said — some of them shaped like great whites, some with long awkward-looking noses that Cas calls goblin sharks. One shark, with an enormous block of a head, veers off from the boat before Jack has a chance to pet it, and crunches down on an ammonite floating nearby.
Dean is looking down at him, and his eyes are dry; he looks in control of himself again. He’s still holding onto Castiel’s hands, though. He looks wrung out, but calm.
Castiel freezes, horrified. They’re talking about him. He should do something, announce his presence, or get out of this situation somehow, but — his mind works furiously but produces nothing, too terrified to either advance or retreat.
“Yeah,” says Dean, “yeah, I — I left after that. My dad got him back into rehab, tracked him down at fucking
Asa lights a fire in the woodstove and gets another pot of hot chocolate going on top of it, this time with cinnamon sticks and substantially less whiskey — though Castiel notes Bobby has his flask ready. Jo carries over a box of ornaments from the big house, and they set about decorating the tree.
Dean’s jaw is tight, but he answers with careful calm. “Okay, first off, you better never say that fucking shit about Ellen again, all right? She’s not some fucking — God, she’s not a
Even Jack looks surprised. But he nods his head, and follows Eileen down the steps to the map room table.
He keeps talking; he doesn’t stop talking, and he doesn’t stop moving, piercing Castiel with salvos of sensation that nearly make him fall to his knees. But Castiel is nothing if not stubborn — his commanders always said that, he thinks, nonsensically — and he mimics everything Dean does. He strokes Dean’s cock and thumbs the head of it and dips his fingers down to circle around Dean’s balls, and from the way Dean tips his head back and then lets it drop over Castiel’s shoulder and the string of curse words he lets out, it feels just as good for him as it does for Castiel. They pick up the pace, and Dean kisses him again, and they gasp into each other’s mouths, hungry, and eventually Castiel can feel something in Dean coiling, tightening, teetering on the edge — so he chases it, right over.
Without the grace holding it together, the body is barely recognizable as a body. It’s more just an awful smear.
Treble 20. He hits it. “Ninety-eight,” he says, out loud, and aims his next dart without glancing at Dustin. Treble 16. “Fifty.”
They’re unbuttoning each other’s shirts. Hasty, needy, fingers catching on buttons, impatient on seams. Dean gets there first — he’s got more experience than Cas, after all — and gets his hands on his chest, his ribs. Skims fingers down to urge at his hips, showing him, and after a moment Cas follows his lead and ruts hard against Dean’s ass.
The expression on Michael’s face seems to have become rather fixed. “Recent — events,” he says, “have demonstrated the prudence of marking my claim.”
The third cuffs him across the head, none too gently. He turns a smile on Cas and says, “Wanna ditch these idiots for a round of darts?”
pretty readily, brief and sketchy on details: a family vacationing in the area lost their son in a rock-climbing accident. Which at least gives them a gender, but not much else.
Castiel desperately wills calm into his voice. “My — I thought I would see if I could do anything to help set up. For the rodeo.”
“And everything else we’ve done isn’t?” Castiel inquires, but Dean is grinning as he flips him off and lets himself out of the bathroom, a cloud of steam hounding him as he goes.
and Dean’s coming, coming harder than he has in years, vision fuzzing and toes curling, whole body shaking as he stripes across his own belly, his chest.
Crossing the Missouri River nearly defeats him. The first bridge he tries is piled up with cars — some of them hanging through the railings. So is the second. It’s the third, near Vermilion, that finally offers a path through.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean glimpses a gold shimmer. A stream of sand rises and spires. Another forms itself into a round globe, etched with unfamiliar continents. Jack’s eyes gleam, and the sandcastle is transforming itself: walls, rambling streets, river channels, the surrounding cliffs — it’s the city from
Michael frowns. He holds out a hand, stopping John Winchester where he stands. He raises the other and looks down at it, considering; then he coughs, once, and spits a bloody bullet into the palm of his hand.
There was a time when Dean would’ve wanted to know a lot. Do we beat this apocalypse, or that one, and how; is Dad okay; is Sam okay; is Cas okay. Or maybe: how much of Dean’s life did Chuck write for him. How much of his self. How much of the people who love him. Or maybe: how and when and why is he actually gonna permanently die.
Feeling uncomfortably grateful for Ellen’s generosity, Castiel turns over her horse and relegates himself to the chuckwagon crew, who welcome him with open arms. Soon, he’s slicing what must be thirty pounds of potatoes, and running water back and forth to the cowboys, and stoking the fire where they heat the branding irons. He barely has time to pay attention to the branding itself, but when he stops to watch, rubbing sweat from his brow, he’s astonished by the efficiency he sees at work. Ellen and someone Castiel doesn’t know are roping from horseback, while Jo works the gate, releasing calves into the branding pen one at a time. Once the calf is caught in a pair of ropes, Dean and Asa are there to wrestle it into stillness, and Bobby is ready with the iron. The whole thing takes only a few seconds; other helpers swarm around the calf to vaccinate it, and then it’s loose and running to the far gate.
He pushes himself off the door with a feeling like his body isn’t real. Like he’s not walking but falling, falling down a well, only it’s not a bad thing, because at the bottom is Cas’s face.
When he finds Dean later, he’s quiet. There’s a spot of blood on the left knee of his jeans, tired lines around his eyes. Castiel puts a tentative hand on his shoulder, in the car, and Dean covers it with his own, squeezes before he lets go. “He’s got a concussion,” he says. “He’s going to be fine.”
“Later,” says Castiel, because if he wasn’t sold on the notion before, he is now. Still, he knows that Dean has to ride in a few hours; that their first time shouldn’t be with one eye on a ticking clock.
Dean’s not meeting his eyes. He ducks his chin like that will help the words get out and continues, “Sam’s been in touch. Says he’s back in California and he — says he’s clean. My dad thinks he’s just angling for drug money.”
Dean seems wrong-footed by the intensity of his response. “Yeah, uh — he’s who I’m meeting later. At noon. He’s — a hunter, he’ll know if anyone’s been seeing demons around.”
A whoop sounds from outside. Castiel starts, but Dean just closes his eyes with a look of long-suffering forbearance. “That’ll be Jo. You’d better get out of here while you can.”
The center of the universe. He couldn’t have guessed it, because he couldn’t have known there would be a center to
“No.” Castiel shakes his head. Why is communicating so hard? Everything feels fuzzy. “Not me. Archangel. Maybe two.” He’d forgotten that — he remembers it now; the weird sense he had, when he first felt their presence, that the signal was doubled. Maybe that’s what overcame the watchman’s physical form.
He says as much to Dean, and Dean turns shy and a little tentative before he asks, “You know. We’re not that far from the Minnesota one, if you still wanted to go — I know you’ve already been to see it, but —”
Dean rolls into a sitting position. His face is worried, suddenly, eyes searching over Castiel’s body — the rent in his shirt. Dean reaches his hand out to touch it, the warm skin underneath.
“I’ll do it,” Cas immediately volunteers. “Dean, maybe I’ll — ask them to play croquet again. You could find us there?”
So he keeps asking them, as the miles stretch eastward. They cross the Mississippi, and Dean tells Castiel about his childhood; about growing up in motels, sneaking into movie theaters, learning to shoot a gun. They drive through corn fields, and Dean catalogues the monsters he’s come up against, and the ones he hasn’t; he tells Castiel some stories about ghosts. They stop at a diner, and Dean frowns when Castiel asks about his mother, but he talks anyway — about the memories he has of her, hazy and beautiful. About the way his father says her name.
He stands at the counter for several minutes, reading Dean’s letter again, wishing he could somehow make the world different from what it is. Wishing he could still change his plans — usually he does Thanksgiving in Boston with Charlie; she keeps telling him it’s fine, she has other friends, there’s this cute girl Dorothy who’s also free and she doesn’t want Cas cramping her style. She says it with a grin, but Castiel still feels bad. Now he feels bad twice over, for making Dean feel bad, for being the reason they couldn’t spend the holiday together in the first place.
It feels strange, standing here on their front walk. There’s the place, at the foot of the steps, where Castiel first possessed Jimmy; there, through the window, is the stove where Jimmy proved his faith. There is the couch where he sat for long hours, listening to Castiel’s words, thinking on them. Where his wife told him he needed to get help.
Castiel doesn’t like that either. He doesn’t like the shift in Dean’s posture, from anger to acceptance; he doesn’t like the message practically screaming out of Dean’s soul:
The bedroom — well, that seems nice, too. There’s one queen bed, with clean sheets and a lamp on the bedside table that sheds a warm glow. The generator outside is a steady hum that fades into the sounds of the evening. Dean glances out the window, and Cas is bent low in the back garden, inspecting a plant in the half-light. It looks like it might have flowers just starting to bud.
They both jump. And then Dean is laughing; he can’t help himself. He ducks his head to Cas’s shoulder, bumps his cheekbone against the hard nub of Cas’s collarbone, and Cas’s hand rises easily to cup his jaw. His thumb strokes once over Dean’s stubble, idle, and then he says, “The Empty was wrong.”
Castiel returns it, a little startled; her arms are warm and firm around his back. “Well,” she says when she draws back. “I can see why he likes you so much. Come in, come in, don’t let the cold in! Dean’s just eating breakfast.”
“You don’t hate me for it? Not even a little bit?” The words burst out of him unintended, and all the more searing for it.
Dean’s eyes don’t so much as flicker away from Castiel’s. Something in them softens, though. Maybe it’s just the reflection of the candle flame, warming his face. Maybe it’s something like hope — like love.
It takes a moment, but Dean nods, releases his grip. Castiel’s fingers are numb. He leans down to brush a brief, soft kiss over Dean’s forehead, and goes.
And then he’s off and running. He explains how Cas is an angel, how Jimmy Novak died years ago and left him in sole possession of his body; he explains about how Cas likes burritos and burgers and peanut butter and jelly and is slowly learning to conjure taste out of molecules. He explains how Cas lives down the hall and how that makes it
It’s a single-story motel, linoleum floors with a draft coming under the door. They park in front of the room and Cas carries Blåhaj inside. He sets him on one of the chairs and says, “We’re not far from Stull.”
Cas hesitates a moment before answering. “I’m — perfectly aware of the circumstances,” he says, which isn’t really an answer.
Castiel feels a giddy laugh bubble out from his chest. “Yes,” he says. “Yes, I — yes, of course, yes.”
“Does it leave you sore?” he asks, remembering how he hobbled around for the first few days after his and Dean’s weekend ride. But Dean doesn’t answer, just raises his eyebrows at Cas with a slow smile that says, as clearly as words ever could,
Castiel glances over at the pickup truck. John is doing something furtive, adjusting weaponry, focused; his eyes aren’t on them.
“He followed us through the rain,” Dean says slowly. “I didn’t — I dunno how I know that, he just — I could just
Dean sighs. He swings out a stool and sits, leaning in to face Jack. “Exactly. And what’s dead should stay dead. That’s how it works, kid; I’m sorry.”
When he enters the bar, he doesn’t see Dean. He looks around twice, then goes to the bathrooms. Dean isn’t relieving himself. Castiel returns to the front.
They lapse into silence for a little while after that. Castiel watches Dean, across the table; watches him fidget with his napkin. Nerves flit over his face from time to time, chased by resolve. He keeps glancing back at Castiel with the faintest expression of awe.
Twice, Castiel turns in his seat to survey the room. He sees no signs of demonic or angelic presence. None of the watchers meet his eyes.
They pass several spruce groves before reaching one with saplings the right size. Then Jo takes charge, dismounting and assessing a series of candidates with a judgmental eye. Finally she turns to Asa. “This one,” she says. “And this one.”
He turns away to clatter in the drawers, finding the candles, a matchbook. Dean in leans close to Castiel. He asks, in an undertone, “You knew about this?”
“My vessel,” Castiel repeats. “I suppose you could call it my body. I’m glad it is entirely mine, so that I can be entirely yours.”
He tells her, haltingly, about the times Cas has died. The ones long ago, during the Apocalypse, the fight for Heaven, the Leviathans. He tells her about Purgatory. He tells her, more slowly still, about the time Cas died again. For good, it seemed like. He tells her about Cas’s wings burned into the ground.
Aside from that, he’s — well, he’s been with a couple of women, even lost his virginity to his high school girlfriend April, of whom his parents heartily approved up until the two horrible months when she pretended to be pregnant in order to extort the Novaks’ money. Cas thought this had probably been her own mother’s idea — in retrospect, the community he grew up in was kind of fucked up — but the situation at least gave his parents some pause about hounding him to find a nice girl and settle down.
Castiel raises his eyebrows and sweeps his coat out behind him as he sits next to Dean. “You got in? How old were you?”
only Charlie’s got her arms wrapped around him and he can’t hit her. The sound coming from him is more animal than human, a throbbing, broken, drawn-out howl, and he can’t — he’s so —
“I remember you doing that for me. That summer I wouldn’t let you alone about it — remember? All I wanted was to learn how to shoot a gun.”
“No.” He’s almost surprised by the strength of his own voice. “You need to listen to me. Cas isn’t gone like everyone else is gone. He’s
“I don’t know,” he says, seriously, “I was thinking it might be fun to help Ellen on that trip to town —”
Michael — the other Michael, the one from Castiel’s time, the one whose presence he’s felt, at that factory, in the words that brought him here —
There’s barely controlled panic growing behind Dean’s eyes. He raises a hand, opens his mouth — then closes it.
the surge of Dean’s misery, the prick of tears at the corners of Dean’s eyes, before he presses his fingers there to quell them. “You don’t think
It doesn’t feel like anyone should be able to not know. It feels like Cas going should wrench the blue from the sky. The sky from the earth. The earth — any of it, all of it, beyond this patch of cement floor, beyond these bare walls — from Dean.
Castiel consents to mop his face only because it’s hard to stomach the alternative. Faced with the reality that his nose is clogged with snot, he also blows it, as demurely as he can, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
It’s a lot, to save a guy from Hell and fall in love with him. To watch him fall in love with you. To know that you’re the dividing line between what he trusts and what he doesn’t; that you’re the thing he believes in.
Cas noticed the symbol earlier, but didn’t put it together. It’s simply a letter L with two crude serifs, like little feet. It looks as if it was burned into the wood with a hot iron.
It feels like several minutes before the howling panic inside him subsides enough to drop his hand. There are teeth marks around the joint of his finger, white and bloodless; when he flexes it, they flush red. He’s still driving straight down an alley of barbed wire. He’s not sure he remembers the last few miles.
Dean watches carefully from behind the railing. Henry is sitting motionless, mostly submerged, his neck arching out of the water. He’s got his head tilted almost like Cas does when he’s confused or intrigued or pissed off or — a lot of emotions, really. He looks like he’s watching the water’s surface.
Cas blinks at him. “I suspect you could learn to manage it without me; there are lactase supplements available. But that is one way of looking at it, yes.”
Castiel evaluates him. “You’re having a panic attack. Your pupils are dilated and your heart rate is elevated. I’m sorry. I should have realized.”
Dean’s renewed bout of laughter is predictable, if unhelpful. Castiel huffs out an annoyed breath, surges up, and flips him down onto the bed among the shirts. He settles straddling Dean’s hips, running a proprietary hand down his chest. “All right. Where were we?”
Sam looks startled. “Uh — what? I mean — um. Don’t you — you’ve dated people before, right? Dean told me about that girl — Nora, in Idaho.”
compassion. You let her be part of your lives. It would be deeply hypocritical of me to judge you for that.”
“Great.” Dean hesitates, key in the ignition. “I mean, uh. I don’t mean to — maybe we could hit up the other twine balls after? If you want.”
“No. It’s okay.” It comes out sharp. Dean winces; kneads his forehead. “It’s just, uh — yeah. He said the happiness was in just — saying it. Out loud. It musta worked, since the Empty came and took him.”
Castiel follows Dean out onto the little dock. The wind is brisk at his shoulders, but the sun is warm; Dean jams his hands in his pockets and looks down at the water, and after a moment, Castiel reaches out and puts a hand on his shoulder.
As the heady intoxication of the moment fades, Castiel’s sense of his own ridiculousness returns. He’s on what amounts to a business trip for his father; he’s surrounded by strangers, one of whom is young and male and attractive and gave him one look that probably meant nothing; he’s in a conservative, rural part of — Canada, yes, not Texas, but — regardless of that. If Cas is halfway to deifying the first attractive man who’s ever shown him the barest hint of possible interest, that alone is probably sign enough of his unreliable judgment of the situation.
But he stops abruptly. He’s not sure he wants to tell her about Dean; if he does, he’s not sure how. Just a hot guy he’s been fantasizing about? Or a hot guy he’s been fantasizing about — and plans to see again?
He feels, distantly, that he should be worrying about what happens next. Whether Dean wants him for more than a night; whether this affects his relationship with Ellen Harvelle and his father’s concerns. He can’t find it in himself to be troubled. Instead, he watches the lights until his eyelids slip closed again, and when he opens them, it’s dawn.
They sit on all the couches. Imagine their lives into all the furnished rooms. Dean loves finding the shortcuts, the double-backs between the sections — learning the cheat codes. Cas loves staring at things and trying to figure out how they’re put together.
They’re all written in the same blue pen, paper torn roughly at the margins, and Castiel’s throat hurts as he thinks of Dean saving all of these somewhere, some tucked-away box in the Impala; adding them to the Harvelles’ collection in a moment of daring. A moment of feeling loved.
John nods. “Good. That’s good.” He closes his eyes, and something crumples in his face, a little — crumples and holds. He clicks the gun’s safety into place, slides it into the back of his jeans; when he opens his eyes again, they look watery. “It’s good to see you, Dean.”
Castiel tries and fails to muster a response. Before he can school his face into anything other than slack-jawed idiocy, she’s turning on her heel and sauntering up to the front desk. She leans low and smiles broadly at Regina, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Cas can’t tell what she’s saying, but she’s motioning behind her back —
Castiel chokes on his own blasphemy, but Ellen doesn’t hear his strangled sob; she’s just as transfixed as he is, and Dean’s still wheeling, still flying, and Castiel is suddenly aware of how every muscle in his body must be singing in perfect time, of how this is a dance of
The light changes, and Dean pulls into the turn. He purses his mouth. “I’d have to leave around four.”
The turnoff is immediately after the bridge, down a sharp gravel embankment and into a dense stand of the poplars that fringe the river. Entering it is like sliding into a green tunnel — the trees have finally leafed out in earnest, as have the bushes that hem in the road: wolf willow, buffaloberry, dogwood with its white flowers and red stems. They bump along through it for another two minutes or so, then emerge into an open swath of grass, where Dean pulls the truck in a broad left turn, circling halfway around to park.
The Impala gets — better, after that. Not that Dean’s taking her on any long runs, but around town, she doesn’t act up.
“Little finger’s broken.” Dean smiles at Castiel’s jolt of alarm. “It’s fine. Doesn’t keep me from riding.”
Dean snags one more ham and cheese croissant from a passing tray. He catches Cas watching him, but Cas’s mouth only creases in a smile. Rachel calls out across the room, “All right — is everyone ready for the first question? Quiet, please. The first question is:
“No. Not really.” Dean thinks of his nightmare; he thinks of Alastair. He scratches the back of his neck. “I mean — difficult experiences, yeah, a long time ago, but — I like sex. I’m good at sex.” He needs her to get this, actually. “Like I don’t think it’s an unhealthy thing for me. Not like that. It’s just — a thing I can do for someone, and I feel good, and they feel good, and then it’s done, and we both go on our way.”
“But I hope you have a very nice and spooky time,” he adds, formally. He hopes he got that right as he disconnects the call.
Castiel could perform a systematic search. Dean doesn’t have much of a head start on him; Castiel is an angel. He could use his wings; he could spiral out from the roadhouse, circling the plains of America, checking every back road for a pair of headlights belonging to a black 1967 Chevrolet Impala. He could listen for the strains of Led Zeppelin — that’s the music Dean likes. He could find him, maybe, with enough effort and time.
Once she’s apparently satisfied that there’s nothing more to extract from Castiel, Naomi moves on to updating him on his siblings’ lives, in descending order of age. Michael’s finished adding a veranda to his new suburban pile of a house, and she doesn’t know
Dean doesn’t say anything when he turns the key in his apartment door, just follows him inside and sets down his duffel carefully. He hesitates for a moment, then toes off his boots.
Castiel watches him release the magazine, then pull back the slide to check the chamber. His hands move instinctively, like he’s done this a thousand times before, and Castiel feels suddenly, briefly, like he doesn’t know this man at all; then Dean drops the gun on the bed again and his lip curls with disgust. “We can pawn that, at least.”
He doesn’t have lube, and it’s a slow fit, tight — he doesn’t want to hurt Dean. He pauses for a moment as he works his finger in to the first knuckle, watching Dean’s face, marveling at the way his fists clench in the blanket beneath him, at the way his chest heaves with a shuddering breath — and then he lowers his head and takes Dean’s cock in his mouth and buries it as deep as he can.
Dean’s gasp when Castiel circles his fingers around his — his cock, that’s what he called it — is answer enough. But he speaks anyway, breathless and rasping;
“But,” Mia continues, “I know that you have a date coming up this weekend. I think that for the rest of this session, we should focus specifically on what it is you need to feel equipped for that. Can you explain for me what, exactly, is making you nervous? How you feel these topics are connected?”
Dean’s gaze seems almost — approving, somewhere between the fury and the fear. Admiring, maybe, even. Which is why it takes Castiel by surprise when, a moment later, Dean bursts out laughing.
It doesn’t make sense for him to go back to the ranch, just yet; there’s nothing for him to do there, and he has follow-up appointments at the hospital. He insists on driving himself to those — “I’m hurt, Cas, I’m not dead” — and going grocery shopping and doing the cooking, more inventive every day.
“This — isn’t really just-dating,” Dean says to Cas, a while later; they’re hip to hip on the couch, credits of
Dean invited him to look around, so Castiel starts up the hill, pausing frequently to run his fingers over more blocks of
Dean’s childhood is another thing they don’t talk about. Sure, Cas has asked, once in a very great while — he asked when he was first trying to work out how to be a father to Claire. Every now and then, Dean or Sam gets to telling stories. But it’s not —
He figures it out, he thinks, at the same moment Dean does. Dean’s face goes briefly slack, then utterly expressionless; he drives straight on for another second, another, and then he’s braking, pulling smoothly right, into one of those desolate roadside turnoffs with a portable toilet anchored by cables against the wind. The parking spaces are all empty. Dean brakes to a halt.
Half an hour and a round of beers later, they have it all written down: every last thing they used to be good at or thought they were good at, everything they thought they had.
And he’s coming, they’re both coming, Castiel pumping deep into Dean’s ass, Dean striping white across Castiel’s hand, his thighs.
It is, he thinks, not unlike making a giant snowball — an experience Charlie introduced him to during their freshman year at Dartmouth. Steady pressure, adding mass at a sustainable rate. Go too fast, or shove it down a slope, and odds are the whole thing will fall apart.
Dean rolls back, twice more, like he can’t quite stop. Then he wriggles free enough to turn over and collapses, Castiel’s weight across his chest, and lets out a breathy, incredulous laugh.
They leave Chuck there, weeping and powerless. In the wreckage of his story. In the beauty of the world he made.
Dean makes a soft noise of surprise, then another one of happiness. He kisses back. His fingers curl in the front of Cas’s shirt, then the back of his neck.
Dean yells. The steering wheel jerks in his hands, and the car nearly veers into the other lane; Dean rights it at the last moment. He has one hand on his chest, eyes wide.
Dean snorts. He looks up, again, to the sky, and when his voice comes out it’s rigid. “He was a shit dad. He was drunk, and he was never there, and he — put way too much on me, and he — he didn’t fucking protect me from a goddamn thing in this life. Except when he did.” An aborted laugh hitches like a sob in his throat. “And he — wasn’t supposed to leave like this. Not when I can’t even figure out how to
Castiel snorts with laughter at the mental image, and shakes his head. At the very least he can troll her a little back.
His tone is deliberately casual, but his fingers are tight on the steering wheel. Castiel watches him closely, trying to figure out what he’s missing. “And Dustin?”
John shouts in horror, lurching forward. Dean is grabbing onto the back of the armchair to lever himself up, favoring his right leg. Castiel sags without the support of the blade under his chin — he’s too weak for balance.
She irons out his problem in less than five minutes, then spends another, increasingly impatient twenty trying to explain to him what exactly he did wrong. By the time he leaves, he’s got a headache, but thinks he’s on the way to figuring it out.
Castiel knows that Ellen bullied Dean into doing his temporary agricultural worker visa right a few years ago; that before that, he wasn’t on any kind of health plan. He avoids thinking about Dean falling off broncos and breaking bones and making his own splints, shaking off the EMTs. He says, “Are you sure you’ll be ready?”
“I know,” says Cas, even though he doesn’t. “I’ll come. I can take Friday off. If — I mean, if you’d like that.”
All of which is very interesting, but at that moment, Castiel feels Dean’s erection brush between his legs, and his whole body lights on fire. “Dean,” he gasps, “Dean, I need — will you fuck me again,
The night passes quietly. Castiel thinks about all the nights he’s spent like this, watching Dean in the half-light, on the strandline of the highway — where its lighter cargo washes up before floating away again in the morning. He thinks about Dean’s body, naked between the sheets this time, cotton clinging where Castiel’s hands have been. He thinks about how Dean won’t need sleep, if Michael takes him; about how his body might never sleep again.
Cas shakes his head, troubled. “I don’t think so. Jack’s power far outstrips mine. We’ll have to — ask him to do it.”
“Maybe I’ll —” His mouth feels dry. He swallows. “Maybe I will. When he gets back from his —  seed thing.”
Dispatching the ghost of Rachel’s father is easy enough. He’s attached to the locket she wears around her neck, and she cries a little when she burns it. He appears briefly enough to kiss her on the forehead, and then he’s gone.
type family. My girlfriends practically had to audition for the part. Their parents, too. My mother would host a dinner party, and if anyone used the wrong fork —”
It shouldn’t matter, but somehow it does, and Castiel sifts carefully through his emotions, trying to evaluate why. It’s not that he’s jealous — not exactly. It’s more that he keeps thinking about Dusty’s grip, hard on his own, and about that same hand on Dean’s body.
The bacon is burning in the pan. Castiel runs over to turn off the burner. It’s charred on one side, still pink on the other. He stares at it for several seconds, feeling a sob rising in his chest, then takes hold of himself and dumps the mess in the trash.
He’s perfect. Every inch of him is perfect, full lips and broad jaw and wide, wondering eyes, and Cas
The pamphlet they were given has bright photographs of birds. Scarlet tanagers and black-and-white warblers and hermit thrushes, which look drab and brown but the pamphlet says
Castiel tests his human senses. He can’t feel Dean’s heartbeat; he can’t read his thoughts. But there’s the cool night air on his skin. The scent of haying season. The warmth of Dean’s hands on his shoulder, on his chest.
Dean eats peanuts at the bar until his burger comes out. He orders two beers and slides one over to Castiel, so Castiel drinks it, dutifully, trying to sift through the flavors, the sensation of the bubbles on his tongue. Dean doesn’t seem that happy with his burger — he wrinkles his nose, and Castiel notes that it does look uninspiring, anonymous brown meat in a limp-looking bun, but Dean eats it all, regardless. “Hey,” he asks when the bartender comes back their way, “Juan still working in the kitchen?”
