Dean's eyes widen and quickly patted down his pockets, before glaring. "If you hurt Baby I swear I will slit your neck in your sleep."
The angel's wing's fluttered in agitation, only to loom out more proudly as the black man took a few steps closer to Dean who stood his ground admits the chaos. The angel chuckled a bit harshly. "Who says I can't?" He smirked.
The angel shook his head as he looked down at his hands, he rung them together as he tried to think about what to do or even say for that matter. "What do you mean, Dean?"
Honestly, it probably doesn't matter anyways. He couldn't remember his last time being almost dead after he woke up. Dean was only able to remember it after he went to hell. They used almost every memory he had against him, so this one was dug deep into his subconscious, so now he remembered.
Ruby, now being in control of Dean the moment he fell asleep. It was something that Sam had gotten used to, Ruby jumping in at random moments. It gave him whiplash sometimes at just how quick it was. Most of the time it's when Dean was asleep so he was a little more prepared for it. However, the thing was, she wasn't able to give Sam any more blood. Her former vessel was under the secret compartment of the weapons, so Dean had yet to notice the body. That body was still alive of course, but it was no longer possessed so it no longer had any demon blood to give.
What happened to all his cuts!? His wounds, every single cut was just gone. It wasn't like these were superficial wounds either. If they where then he could excuse it, but they weren't! Dean looked to his arms, legs. Gone. Everything was just gone. Well - except the handprints around his wrists, that was still there. Come to think of it, his previously dislocated shoulder isn't hurting anymore. He grabbed his shoulder and looked back at his skin, feeling around. There wasn't even any bruising.
When the other spoke, Uriel looked over to the other angel, which caused Castiel to looked forward and out of line of the Winchester's gaze. Dean found this odd, and seemed to put together that his previous thought was right. This was the superior he was briefly told about. His eyes widen as he rose his gun back up. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, I know she's wiretapping your angel chats or whatever, but it's no reason to gank her."
Ruby shakes her head, her arms folded across her chest as she walked over to the brother- her heels clicking slightly. "Whatever is going on with your brother, is killing him remember?" He asked. "How do you know it won't kill me the moment I possess your brother?"
Sam looked up and waited for a moment before the ground began to shake, just like it had at Pamela's. He set down the bowl and retrieved his gun from his back pocket and let out a calm and shaky breath. His eyes darted around the empty basement before he spotted the angel right in the middle of the holy oil.
The angel laughed, shoving Dean's shoulder harshly which caused him to slightly stumble. "Ah, this one just won't quit, will he? I think I'm starting to like you, boy." Uriel stated, before vanishing.
"Angel's have the ability to see spirits and other creatures of the paranormal and supernatural. I can tell by a simple smell or glance at them to know. It is useful when being a soldier of the lord."
Dean's eyes widen as he suddenly gasped when being woken up. This time, it was himself who woke him up. He sat up quickly and before he had a chance to look around he felt tight arms on his shoulders. "Dean! Hey Dean- Dean look at me." He did as told and looked up, seeing his younger brother. He looked down, seeing the hands on him belong to his brother. A quick glance around and he confirmed that this was the same house he passed out in. Ruby standing a few feet behind his brother and Anna sitting on a chair next to the couch.
"I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle. I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle." She repeats. The hunter couldn't help opening his eyes to look around, not sure on if this was working or not. "I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle."
Dean smirked a small bit and pressed the bare side of the blade against Alistair's skin, the burning of the other's flesh filled the hunter's senses. But it was nothing knew, it may not smell pleasant, but it fueled his mission even more. "I'm here aren't I?"
"I shared a very personal story that was probably traumatizing to an Angel who seeks virtue from nuns, so, tell me something about yourself."
Dean had enough, he was hungry and tired. He wanted something to eat and a bed to nap in. "I know what Castiel is, okay!?"
The dazed hunter put his hand up, blocking the light slightly which was also a sign for the other to let go, thankfully Sam did. Dean's eyes were still adjusting but he could watch as Sam sat down on the coffee table in front of him. How long had he been out for? It was still dark outside so it couldn't have been for that long, right? He let out a soft groan and rubbed his eyes. He felt rested enough, little tired but that's nothing new for his life. Wasn't hungry really, which was new for his life. Although, he could kill for a burger right about now. "How long was I out?" he asked, surprised by how dry his throat felt.
The man tilted his eyes, "I am not talking about animals and insects, Dean. Mayhaps I need to fix your soul more." Castiel says, taking a quick few steps to Dean who didn't have time to pull away before the man put a hand to his head and-
Dean was still slightly frozen in place, and Sam spoke first. "Dean- that's Ruby, she's here to help."
The hunter growled, his eyes furrowed for a moment. He used his free hand and punched Uriel in the face harshly with all the force he could manage. It worked. Uriel let go as he stumbled back while Dean quickly got off of the ground as he shook his wrist as the burning went away. However the hairs on his neck warned him that they weren't done yet. The angel put a hand to his nose and looked down. Blood. Uriel growled, "Well, I'm going to enjoy this." He smiled.
A second later, Dean felt searing pain as the entire room filled with a white/golden light. He screamed loudly as he felt a heavy pressure on his chest. He shut his eyes tightly at the light, it felt like it was burning his eyes. He felt wind and cool air before finally feeling as if he was dropped. He opened his eyes but they where all blurry, he blinked a couple times and everything was blurry. He tried to look around, but all he could see was darkness. He didn't last much longer before he was out cold.
Sam nodded in understanding, believing that all to have made sense. "How come if it's subconscious, his body isn't healing him now?"
Dean nodded, rubbing his face with his hands as he let out a hearty yawn, smacking his slightly. "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Just a little hungry was all-"
Dean was not convinced, because he knew his brother too well. Almost as well as he knew himself so he knew something was up, but he didn't have any proof of this so he swallowed his pride and let it go. He thinks back, laying against the hospital bed as he tried to think. "Uh... the angels appeared out of nowhere, told me to torture Alistair so I did. Somehow that damn demon was able to escape the devil's trap. He tossed me around a bit and... I think I passed out, saw you for a second, then I was here."
Dean let out a shaky breath as his hand was suddenly empty. He sighed softly and closed his eyes with a small shake of his head. "Angels." He mumbled to himself.
Her posture was so strange to see on Dean. Her flippant nature and head tosses, the struts. No one recognizes the differences in ones mannerisms, but this was very noticeable. Sam sighs and shakes his head. "He's going to notice that I'm not hallucinating or shaking like I am right now." He stated while rubbing the back of his neck.
Dean looked at his hands, taking them from the mattress and looking at his palms. He could see the blood and knife in his hands from that time. Yet, he knew he wasn't there. The fear and anxiety from that place festered in his very soul. "Somehow Dad got off... and... and I fought... I fought everyday after to kill him... to survive... to get him back on that fucking rack... f-fuck him..."
The demon nodded, "Okay, Sam." She states while grabbing the knife that Dean has stored away in his jacket earlier. Ruby grabbed the sliver blade and slit her wrist with ease, not even wincing at the action. Sam didn't waste a second. The moment he saw the blood on his brother's wrist, he could help himself. He let go of the demon's hair and gripped their wrist, easily sucking away at the thick liquid.
Sam walked in between the two of them and held his hands out. Smart move, because Dean could feel a fight brewing. Those were fighting words. "Stop measuring dicks and cut the crap out. You both are right and wrong. We need to stop Lilith, and fix Dean. Now makeup and get this show back on the road. If I hear another accusation about dumb shit I will personally blow out both of your knee caps."
In a rush, Dean sat up and set his hands onto the ground to help him stand up- only to let out a disgruntled shout as a burning pain shot from his wrists, up his arms, and down his spine. He was barely able to hold himself up for long enough to actually stand. Immediately, he removed the jacket- setting it down on the ground before looking at his arms, his eyes went wide as he looked down at his wrists. He swallowed. Two dark red marks had taken shape on his wrists, scarring the flesh as if they were burns. Dean couldn't help but notice that the marks looked like handprints. Well that isn't
"I don't know what is wrong with him, Sam. If I knew don't you think I would have told you by now?" Ruby says in a cold voice. She walked away from the hunter and leaned back against the wall. "If this is some sort of demonic crap, then I would know. It has to do with those damn angels."
Sam chuckled, looking at Dean with an overexaggerated nod. "Oh, completely. I've been groped here more times than I can count."
The angel looked up, his arms hung lose by his side as he tried to speak. "Maybe Alistair is lying?"
Okay, there has got to be a reasonable cause for this. Maybe cuts heal faster than what he remembers. He was in hell for a long time. Yeah that's not going to cut it. He turns on the sink and splashes his face with water. Nothing is wrong, and he is fine. Dean let out a small sigh and looked back up at the mirror, "Godamnit-!" He said was he flinched, before looking back down.
"You're the only one who has been able to! There have been other people like us wondering the halls, but none of them can hear me or see me I think? I can see them as clear as day, but they can't see me. My name is Kevin by the way."
He can worry about that later, right now he needed to find Bobby and Sam. Also in the mean time he should probably find out what the date is exactly and how long he had been gone for. Dean picked up the jacket and put it back on his person, hopefully he could get a shower in soon, he smelt like a wet siren. He adjusted his jacket accordingly, the cuffs of the sleeves kept rubbing against the scars and it was very irritating.
Dean turned around and glared, kicking over a damn chair. "How the fuck do you not know where he is Bobby!? Why would you let him go out by himself!?"
. Maybe that's what Alistair meant. He was going to die and become a killer. Maybe his own brother would be the one to smite him down.
Sam nodded and thought for a moment longer before turning on his heals and walking towards the exit of the basement to where the stairs had been located. "Sam, what are you planning?" Sam didn't respond as he opened the basement door, and before he closed it behind him all he heard was, "SAM!"
That last chanting of the phrase gave him his answer, he watched at a television flipped on in the corner to only produce static and black and white screen. "I invoke, conjure, and command... Castiel? No. Sorry, Castiel, I don't scare easy."
"So that's what this is about!" Dean laughed, god he was so damn stupid. How did he not see it before. "Your want me to stay put, because of Ruby? What does she think I'm a threat to your addiction?" He asked.
Dean tilted his head slightly, since when could creatures enter dreams? Well, yeah he knew people could dream walk- but that was different. "Fine, who are you?"
The strange part was seeing the same man, identical, in the same clothes, standing beside his parents- looking at the body on the bed. Now Dean gave a rational thought at first, maybe it was a twin? Reasonable sense. Yet, this was the Winchester life, nothing is reasonable. Also if it was a twin, why would they be wearing the same clothes?
"Demons have a certain smell, sulfur. You and your brother know that at this point. Demons can have this sort of - sense if you will, that we can tell it has something to do with us. This isn't us. Just being in the same room as Dean makes me feel nauseous. I felt it back at the church, but I thought it was because we were on holy ground, but it's just Dean." Ruby explained.
The one place that Dean hated waking up in more than outside in the middle of nowhere, is waking up inside of a hospital. Nothing is worst than waking up and hearing noises around you, it felt like being abducted by aliens. First it's the blurry eyes waking up, muffled noises of people in the room, and this complete sense of drowsiness. However, that was not what he experienced this time. He was wide awake. Fixed in hospital pajamas and a barren hospital room. The bathroom door was open, so he knew no one was in there thankfully.
Sam looked back over at her. "He doesn't have to remember, I know you can block it out. Also I can find an easy excuse, I'll just say he got hurt by Alistair and we'll just have to get him a new one."
This time, it was Dean's turn to smirk. He gestured with the knife as he turned back on his heels and walked back over to the cart, having the other facing his back as he looked at the cart. He would never admit it, but the visions and images in his brain slightly aroused him. Getting the payback he so desperately wanted, but his fantasies filling his head weren't of Alistair. It was of someone else. "Well! Maybe a piece of me was left, but something else filled that hole. Whatever was left, I don't need." He chuckles a moment. "You're going to be disappointed."
This time, Castiel expressed emotions that weren't hidden behind an expressionless wall. He blinked slightly and tilted his head. He looked like he wanted to say something, but refrained for the time being. "Yes, I do. That is not why I came here today."
Dean looked at him for a small moment, noting how the others hair was actually brushed for once before pushing past him and going into the actual bedroom part of the motel. For someone who has been watching the earth for generations, something he barely found out, you would think they would know more about that sort of thing.
Sam huffs and shoved Dean off of himself, now standing. "I tried everything. That's the truth. I tried opening the Devil's Gate. Hell, I tried to bargain, Dean, but no demon would deal, all right? You were rotting in Hell for months. For months, and I couldn't stop it. So I'm sorry it wasn't me, all right? Dean, I'm sorry..."
It was only a few minutes later when they pulled up to this woman's house. It wasn't what Dean was expecting. He thought maybe it would be a black house with purple accents, maybe random orbs or fake decorations in the lawn that told everyone that a physic lived there and was ready to read palms! But, no- he didn't get any of that. Instead, it was a nice house in a fairly good neighborhood. The only sign that a physic lived there was a sign on the door.
Alistair smiled as he didn't hear a peep, he continued on with his fun little sermon. "Your bloodline Dean is rather pure. So much going on that you don't even know, you can't even see it. A lot is weighing on your shoulders, just like they did on earth. Yet, you have no clue what it is." He smirked.
Dean looked down, his hands grabbing at the edge of his sleeves as he started to relent. "It's okay, Sammy. You don't have to apologize, I believe you." He mumbled. "I'm surprised you actually came when Bobby called you. Or even ran into the bedroom when you saw me. You're getting rusty, my guy." He said rubbing his wrists.
"Look- I'm fine. I'm always fine. I've eaten two meals today like both of you, didn't get seconds or thirds. I didn't hork it down my gullet, and maybe the whole eye thing was just from the spell. Pam was touching me, remember?" Dean says now removing a picture from off of the wall and grabbing a pure iron knife from behind it. The man chuckles to himself and admires it before sliding it into his jacket.
"We? As in, you and Ruby?" He said raising a brow, still not fully trusting this heavenly demon before him. She might be able to fuck with Sam and think she's all good, but Dean is not putting all of his eggs into one basket.
Bobby spoke, Dean's eyes still focused on the glass bottle. "Sam is working on it, as well as every hunter I know. It's difficult to really know what seal to prevent next."
The angel didn't respond right away, his focus slowly morphing back over to Dean. "This will be difficult to hear, for more than one reason. However, it must be addressed. You know Lilith, your brother and yourself fought valiantly against her - but she is doing things much worst."
Ruby scoffs slightly, a lost of words as she put a hand against her forehead. "Well I haven't exactly heard of anyone coming back from hell and being able to, it might be. Only Angel's and other demon's can see our true face through a meatsuit." However, she looked slightly more afraid than she did before.
Sam folded his arms and looked down at the angel in front of, a little curious on this situation. He really didn't understand the step-by-step process, but he didn't need to know that. He still needed to do his plan. "Can it hurt anyone?" He asked.
I knew she was telling the truth, because she didn't  know who you were. I also- um..." He looked up at the other and was a little hesitant. "...I had a vision about it."
Sam laughed from the kitchen and came over and sat the sandwich in front of his brother and sat down beside him. Dean picked it up and started to eat, mentally reminding himself to eat slower, due to the fact that Sam was watching him like a hawk at the moment. "Do you think it's because you were resurrected? Your body is trying to make up for those months without food?" He asked.
Dean looked back, seeing the young man looking right at him and shaking his head. "Where you talking to me?" He askes.
Dean slowly nodded, wow he did not think fallen angels were actually a thing. Well, yet again, a month ago he didn't think angels were a thing and now those are real so why not throw fallen angel into this crap-tastic milkshake of a world. "Wait- you said grace? What is that?"
The hunter looks up at the angels, he noticed how their stare seemed to be similar to what Bobby and Sam had been doing much more recently. Uriel's wings folded behind himself to match how Castiel's have been since they showed up at Bobby's. Dean gasps in relief as his arm was released and he held it to his chest before standing up, glaring at the Angel.
Castiel nodded. "I did see that. You're prayers always seem to reflect around him and not yourself."
He was wrong. He walked back up to his room and his eyes where wide. There Dean was alright. His body being heavily wrapped in bandages while having his own breathing tube and IV stuck in his arm. Anything of his skin that was being exposed was covered in bruises and a bit swollen. "Thank god I'm not awake to feel all of this." He walked over and stood beside his body, his arms folded. "Well, at least Alistair didn't ruin my nose." Dean smirked.
He looked out the window and through the curtains, not much to really comment on besides the snow that was forming on the ground. Although, Dean did watch as his brother Sam was pacing outside while on the phone with someone. Based off of his movements, it didn't sound like it was a pleasant call.
Dean shook his head and marched right out of that hospital, Sam not far behind him as they argued the whole way. Not the cleanest getaway that they where used to, lots of people saw them arguing and anyone who actually listened in might have thought they where insane or on drugs. Which honestly, they could be both right now and neither would know it. It took a hot minute but Dean was able to locate where Baby was and he unlocked the trunk, giving a quick glance around as he armed himself with a gun, another gun, and a few knives. "Get in the damn car, I can't even look at you right now."
So, he decided on doing something that his brother would most likely kill him for. He called Ruby, and came up with a plan. A plan that involved removing Dean's anti-possession tattoo and having Ruby possess Dean so he can wake up. Then after Dean fully healed, Ruby can leave and they can pretend that none of this ever happened in the first place.
The woman before him seemed to be in her late thirties, maybe early forties. Long black hair that was curled and went a past her chest. She wore a fun black leather jacket with a cliche white tank top with a sigil on it. He couldn't tell the eye color though- based on the lighting that she was in and where they where.
Dean couldn't look away from the window, his hand gripping the handle of the door. "I'm going to need a few things."
The hunter ignored the angel's calls and continued on his mission. He was practically given the all clear to move forward and wake up his brother and that's what he was going to do. Sam rummaged his pockets and grabbed his phone and sent a quick text to Ruby that she should be safe while possessing his brother. The response he received stated that she would be there soon and just wait for her.
"Aww, are you jealous~?" Ruby winked as she walked over to Sam and sat down in front of him on the bed he was on just seconds ago. "Or are you scared I'll do something to him, hmm?"
Sam chews his inner cheek, pocketing the flask into his own jacket. "Dean- are you sure this is a good idea? I mean- we still don't know why your eyes went all blue or your eating habit."
Dean scoffs and walked away from them, he paced the ground before going over to the window, looking out the glass and to the world beneath him. Did they seriously expect him to sit on his damn ass and do nothing? They haven't even left the house since they arrived a little under a week ago, what were they so afraid of. "So you're telling me, you want me on the bench just because I've lost weight? You know how ridiculous that sounds, right?" He stated, not looking back at his family. "If you seriously expect me to stay here, then you better throw me into Bobby's panic room."
At some point, his thirst was a little more barrable so Dean started using the water to make a makeshift shower by dumping the water onto his arms, face, and hair to get himself clean. He didn't want to look like a zombie when he finally sees his family again, although a part of him was wondering if he was one.
"I honestly don't know... I've never seen eyes glow like that before." Dean didn't think much else of that. It wasn't a lie, it was strictly truth and there wasn't anything he could think of to cause it.
The hunter takes deep breaths, forcing himself to calm down again. However his eyes widen as he looked to the side and saw his older brother. "DEAN!" He screamed, quickly Sam ran over and collapsed onto the floor next to him. He panicked as he quickly felt for his brother's pulse. It was there, barely, but there. He let out shaky breaths as he pulled his brother's body close to himself. Sam shook with fear. "Dean! Dean wake up!" He cried out.
"Why did the tables just turn? Aren't we supposed to be helping Dean right now!?" Sam yelled, placing his hands down by his sides.
The Angel nodded, and it almost looked like he had a small smirk on his face, but Dean wasn't completely sure. So he decided to not comment on it. "That is actually why I came to speak with you today."
"I did what I had to." Castiel said looking back over at the wall, Dean must've asked something. "I gave you part of my grace. I mixed it with your soul so it would be able to repair itself."
A part of him wish he had his knife or gun, just in case. Although, that would probably make everyone terrified to see a patient wielding a weapon around. But, you know, Dean always wanted to be protected. He walked past a few rooms, there where people inside of them, including doctors and patients, but his real goal right now wasn't to be observant, it was to find Sammy and get the heck out of dodge.
The hunter rose a brow at what the angel stated. What does a soul even look like? Let alone compared to one with angelic grace. "So your grace is killing him, then why not remove it?"
Castiel seemed to be more intrigued the more that Dean spoke, asking more questions here and there. "Did you love her?" He asked.
"I still man the phones, Dean. I can go when I can, but not when it's a marathon." He shrugs. Bobby put his cap back on and adjusted it, looking the other up and down for a small second. "You look like crap."
He struggled, but the grip was tight as he glared forward, and now- he was able to take in who this person was.
That snapped Dean out of his thought. "What the f-" He started, only to have the battery start up again. He whimpers faintly, his head barely being able to stay held up. He rested his head back against the chains. Yes, it fucking hurt! Yet, that's all he could do. He needed the assistant. He didn't want to look away from the demon for one second, because he knew the moment he looked away something way worst would start happening.
"Because you needed me." Sam confessed. "Ever since you've been back, you just have had this look that you where going to break and whenever I'm there, when I'm taking care of you, doing what you want without me having to ask... It makes you better. You don't think I notice your drinking? Your nightmares? You sleep less now than you did before hell. I stopped... because I knew that's what you wanted."
Sam chuckled, took a step to the right, and rested his back against the wall now. "I thought you would've wanted to see the 'hot nurses' clean." The younger brother teased.
Dean slowly nodded. "Dean." He said simply before freezing. Did this kid just say what he thought he just said? "What do you mean '
He let out a soft breath, this was the best of nothing right? He needed Dean to get better, and he trusted Ruby. If anything where to happen, he knew she would do the right thing. "Okay, fine. Only to when he gets better."
The hunter looked off to the side, "That's not what I meant, Ruby. Please, I just got him back- I can't lose him again."
A long time ago, back when they first started hunting beside their father, Dean dislocated his elbow and John had to put it back into place. Didn't want to risk a hospital visit. So, his father counted down and the moment he got to three, Dean tensed up and it just made the dislocation so much worst. They ended up needing to go to the hospital in the end, but Dean did get a scolding.
"I hope you know that your whisky cabinet is going to be a desert by the time you come back!" Dean shouted as he heard his brother and Bobby talking in the other room.
He turns off the water and pats his face dry. It's not HIS fault he is like this! If it was, shouldn't he know why this was? They've encountered things of this nature before. Somebody accidentally summoning an evil spirit and unknowingly kill people or hurting themselves. Yet, there where no signs of that either. Why couldn't he just know WHAT is happening? At least let Sammy know so he doesn't blow a gasket.
The kid now known as Kevin shrugged. "I'm not sure. I'm guessing we're all patients based on our attire, but no one can hear me, and my double is in my bed."
"I don't know what happened. That trap...it shouldn't have broken. And for that- I am sorry." Castiel stated looking down.
the demons do win..." He said with a pause, looking down at Ruby's knife. "You won't be there to see it."
"Not according to his memories." She smirked. "Anyways, I'll stay here until he's fully healed. Deal?"
Dean sighed softly as with a roll of his eyes, he was used to being mocked by his family members, but not usually when they had a needle so close to his nipple. He closed his eyes and tried to think about being anywhere but there at that moment.
The angel looked down at the floor for a moment, before back up at Dean. He didn't seem to show how he felt in this situation, or at least know how to express it. "If we can get him to talk, we need to take all courses of action."
Castiel slowly nodded as the other spoke, understanding what the other was asking of him. "I am sure I can find a way to accomplish that task."
The demon smirks and started chanting something in Latin. A blue light appears in the angel's mouth and eyes.
Dean didn't look away from the angel, his look only tightening when the angel didn't look away. It was strange he had to admit. Having an intense staring contest with an angel who is pinning him against a counter? Sounds like something that would happen on the Busty Asians Webpage, but in this case it would be more of an Gay Porno website. Like Twinks for Tops or something like that. Don't ask how he knew about that website, just don't.
The hunter looked up, eyes slightly blurry as he glared at the other. "So what? Expel a couple demons and we were worthy to get hung off of the rack? How fun." He rolled his eyes.
It was mere seconds before a demon came pushing into the attic, an eloquent smile plastered on his face. He wore a business suit and was balding. But his face... god his face was horrendous. All Sam was a bald pediatrician who had too wide of a smile. Dean? He saw a man's rotting and burnt face. Pockets of green and black puss dripping down his eyes and back into his mouth. Eyes that where black as night, yet had yellow undertones. Oh, and one eye was also hanging by a strand of loose flesh.
Sam didn't waste a second on doing what he was told and ran upstairs as fast as his moose legs could take him. Dean chuckled slightly and rubbed his eyes, god damnit, why was he so exhausted. He didn't even drive and he was this tired.
"Mention him again, and I'll kill you. There are more than one ways of getting rid of a demon. Unlike them? I don't give a flying fuck about what is going on with the angels. You mean nothing, and will always mean nothing." Dean says before smacking the other yet again with the lead pipe. "So, where were we?"
Sam's eyes widen slightly. "Ruby? You said you would only wake him up." He said folded his arms with a glare.
sound before Castiel disappeared from view. He took a deep breath with a sigh before walking over to his chair and sitting back down on the seat. He gingerly took his brother's hand and held it tightly. "We'll get through this Dean, like we always do."
Dean let go. Did Castiel have some sort of angelic claim on him ever since he was risen from heaven? Is that why he could hear Cas in his head or in the real world and no one else around him could? That better not be why. Something is wrong here. Very, very wrong. He took a deep breath and walked around his bed and sat down in the chair that was beside his bed. There has got to be a way to zap his body back awake and heal.
There was a pause for a moment as he looked down at the amusement park, the faint smile reappearing on his lips as he looked at the place. Even though it was far away, he could still see the blurs of children and adults running around and having fun with one another. "Because I didn't go. I stayed here and kept watch. Plus Fair's weren't my thing anyways." He said with a small shrug.
The hunter looked around, he didn't see anyone. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood up. Dean's feet hit the cold surface which made him shiver. Time to find out where he was, and to find Sammy. He walked over to the doorway and looked out into the halls, biting his inner cheek as he saw it was also empty. Dean let out a sigh of relief mixed with worry. He looked back in the room for a moment, just double checking that no one was there before walking out.
"Cas, listen to me. Whatever you think he isn't ready for- is killing him. You know this! You admitted to it yesterday, and you still won't tell us what's going on? How much of a douche can you be to not tell us?" Sam asked, looking obviously annoyed, but he retained it for now. Letting out a slow breath as he tried to calm down. "So, you aren't leaving until you tell me what is wrong."
Dean looked exasperated, he should just learn at this point to stop making references to the modern world, but that was such a big part of his personality he couldn't just flip it off like some sort of switch. "It's nothing."
Dean shoved his hands deeper into his pockets as he looked back out the window, wanting to ignore the conversation completely. He paused slightly as he saw black wings disappear behind an old junker car. He looked somewhere else to pretend he didn't see. "So?"
Dean let's out a small sigh of relief, his hand still deep within Alistair. He smirks and grabs whatever organ that was inside and gripped it harshly, his nails digging in causing the demon to howl in anguish. That's not all he did. In his other hand, he hand he had salt. He poured in into the wound, the organ, the blood. Only making the noises louder, and Dean couldn't care less for anything else that might be happened outside of this room. "Let me know if you want more, there's plenty left."
It's not that big of a deal. Honestly it shouldn't be. Growing up- he and Sam would eat like kings when he save enough money to go to a buffet style place, and they could eat almost everything there.
Sam let out a sigh and a nervous chuckle, "I didn't do anything. I just want to know what you remember so I can fill in any of the missing gaps."
Dean shook his head, walking closer to the door and looking through the window and seeing Alistair yet again in that dark room. He can see some of the blood that was on the ground from possibly previous torture methods, but judging by the blood amount- it was child's play. "Well, tell Uriel, or whoever... you do not want me doing this, trust me." He looked back over at Castiel.
This obviously didn't seem to calm down the angel. "We are, Dean. There are other battles, other seals. Some we'll win, some we'll lose. This one we lost. Our numbers are not unlimited. Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of Heaven should just follow you around? There's a bigger picture here."
Dean sighed and walked over to his bathroom and turned on the water to the sink. He was tired, tired of everything at this point and he just wish he could close his eyes and not think for an hour. Is that so hard to ask? He just wanted a damn break. No nightmares, no demons, no nothing. Why was it so fucking hard to get one thing right. He just wanted one damn night to not worry about anything and feel like he had a break. That cannot be such a strange wish is it?
Dean paused from his sandwich, looking up at his brother and nodded. "Probably. Don't know what else it could be."
"I can't believe every mark on you is gone, Dean. Even that stupid one where you and your brother where wrestling and you got a scar from his nail." Bobby randomly spoke.
There was another moment of pause, which in itself would have told Dean the answer, but Castiel spoke the unforgettable truth. "Yes. When we discovered Lilith's plan for you, we laid siege to hell and we fought our way to get to you before you-"
The hunter frowned and folded his arms. "Okay, you woke him up. Now his body can heal, get out of him."
The giant gave a bitter laugh, sitting down on the chair that was adjacent to the bed instead of sitting back on the bed.  "Well... Bobby didn't call me." He said in a soft tone.
Dean got out of the shower and felt a small chill down his spine from leaving the nice hot water. He didn't ponder on it, he had things to do. Carefully he reached over and grabbed the towel that was sat on top of the toilet and dried himself off to the best of his ability before throwing on a grey and green t-shirt and jeans. He wish he could have gotten into pajamas, but when someone is dealing demons? You need to be on the go at all times.
The man's eyes widen, he gave a short gasp of relief as he walked over. He took a few steps, which Dean was grateful that he didn't come any closer to him. "You can hear me?" He askes, full of wonder.
Alistair giggles and placed his head back against the wood, biting his bottom lip with a sway of his hips. "Or what? You'll work me over? But then, maybe you don't want to. Maybe you're, ah, scared to."
Dean played off that he wasn't hungry anymore, although he knew that Sam knew that he was lying. He looked fine, and Dean wasn't trying to grab anything in sight to eat so that's good. The main concern at the moment - was how exhausted Dean had become. They had started walking to cabin and the oldest Winchester brother was walking rather slow, he looked to barely be able to keep his eyes open. Yet, Dean kept saying that he was okay.
Sam rose his hands and rubbed them down his face, letting out a heavy breath as he tried to control himself. "How... how do you know that this is an angelic thing and not demonic?"
Dean's jaw dropped, "Yo, yo, yo! You have seen every generation? That is so cool, man. Also who is your favorite musical person?"
The hunter rose his brows a bit, seeming to finally realize that someone who was in hell for almost a year probably wouldn't know what was happening on the surface word. Dean didn't like the long wait and gave a look. Bobby sighed and took off his hat, wringing it in his left hand while his right hand ran over his patchy scalp. "Well- the short version is that the apocalypse is gonna be starting real soon thanks to that demon Lilith, and a whole bunch of revelations shit is going down."
He paused for a moment, a flash of realization crossed his face as his hands gripped at his arms, the air suddenly feeling really cold. "Son of a bitch..." Dean cursed, what did Sam do? If he made a deal with a crossroads demon like he did- or did something with that abra cadabra bullshit that he's been tempted with from that Ruby chick, then Dean was going to beat his ass. He shook his head at the thought for a moment and continued on.
Sam grabbed Dean roughly by the wrist, forcing the other to spin in a slight circle. Thankfully he was able to keep his feet plated, however it did make the brother dizzy. He carefully put his other free had against his head, but he did give a small glare as Sam spoke. "No more lies, Dean! There is something up with you. Just because you can't see it, or won't accept it, doesn't mean I will try and avoid it. Something is wrong, and I can't help but think it has something to do with hell."
"So god doesn't hear the prayers, it's angels." Dean scoffed, his hands tightening around the glass bottle. "That explains a damn lot." He huffed, taking a large swig of the liquid.
Dean's body convulsed slightly, his body tense as he clawed at his scalp, his nails becoming bloody. "Son of a bitch!" He spat out, throwing his head back against the carpet.
The hunter stayed silent for a long time as he waited for Castiel to speak, but again- he didn't like silence of any kind so he decided to speak. "What about you, Cas? That was a rather personal story."
The mirror shards shattered into millions of pieces which most fell to the floor, but he wasn't done yet. The rage that had been building up for weeks was here. It wanted to come out. It
The Winchester waited for The Singer to leave before turning to Ruby. He felt a little bit jittery like he had been during the spell, but that wasn't his main concern at this moment. "Ruby, it's been weeks. I need it." He said a bit forceful, yet he looked more annoyed that he was saying this than that he actually needing this.
Sam sighed, that was too vague for his liking. He nodded in understanding and stood up. "Well hurry up. I don't need you in him any longer than needed."
Dean let out a shaky breath and looked down at the floor, his eyes closed as he tried to breathe. What was he exactly expected to do? He just needed some goddamn answers and he wasn't getting any. Nothing. Nothing to help him navigate what was expected of him, what was wrong with him. God he was just so lost... so fucking lost.
His stomach growled and he hunched over, just full on starving at this point. Worst than when he got out of the grave. Sam and Bobby took notice and came over. "Dean what's wrong?" Sam says and started to untie him, much to Bobby's protests.
Dean finished the sandwich in a little over a minute and looked up at Sam, who had pure fear and empathy on his face- not sure on what to do or say. Dean could tell that Sam wanted to talk to someone, probably Ruby to get some help.
The woman as reception didn't look up, she went through her clipboard that was filled with papers. Filling each one out as if she hadn't heard a word from the worried patient before her. Dean shakes his head. This better not be happening. He waved his hand in front of the glass. "Hello! Can you hear me!?" He yelled.
After his last conversation with Castiel, Sam knew he needed to do something to save his brother. At first he considered selling his soul like Dean had done for him, but he remembered how distraught his older brother was after they learned that Dad did the same thing. Also, it's not like any Demon would be willing to make a deal with a Winchester at this point. Especially when they all most likely know that Sam is ready and preparing to kill Lilith.
"Bobby! Got me a present?" She says sauntering out of the house, only to pause once she looked through him and past Sam as well - her eyes landing on Dean. " Mmm-mmm-mmm. Dean Winchester. Out of the fire and back in the frying pan, huh?"
Bobby looked at Sam, and there was almost a mutual sign of acceptance. Bobby stood up and left the basement. Dean could slightly hear his footsteps as he went outside, he could also hear the truck start up and speed off.
Dean took a step forward, he still wasn't really armed with anything besides the knife that he held tightly in his grip. But he wasn't afraid of these angel's. Of course he wasn't with Castiel, since they've become closer lately with all the dream meetings, but with Uriel? He was so fucking annoyed with him. Why should he fear a dick comparer. "So, what? Need us to hunt the Demon for you?" He said raising a brow. "All show but no performance. Explains a lot." He smirked.
Sam smirked slightly, he actually was able to trap an angel. Now that alone would make him excited beyond belief, but right now he had bigger issues to worry about. "You are going to tell me everything that I need to know, and then I will release you."
"My head it being torn apart, goddamn it!" Dean yelled, grunting loudly as his body shook. Holding back his screams of agony.
Castiel  tilted his head slightly. "That isn't how praying works, dean. You do not need to make theatrics. When one prays, it's a longing. A plea of sorts. It need not be vocalized, but one that is spoken is heard by all angels. Some are assigned, other's aren't."
Dean frowned as he looked back at the engraving, not liking this thing one bit. Then he remembered what Castiel had said the first time he had met his brother.
In what manner Uriel had done to betray them was not on his mind currently, honestly he didn't care. The only thing he could assume is that somehow Uriel freed Alistair from the devil's trap and meant for the demon to kill him. Yeah, Dean still thought the angel's were grade A+ dicks, but not murderous dicks. Have to add that to the tic list. "Alistair said a few things that make me concerned." Dean started, looking down at the floor.
"You two are seriously just going to leave me here?" Dean said following his brother through the living room. "I can help!" He yelled.
The taller brother looked up, his mouth hung agape as he looked shocked. "What do you mean by that!?"
Do you know how painful it is to watch your older sibling in a hospital attached to an IV and a breathing tube? Wrapped heavily with bandages and unconscious for the past few days? There is no logical way to explain that sort of toll on someone's body that can mean. Yet there he was. Watching his big brother Dean fighting for his life. There was nothing that he could do about it, and he just had to sit there and wait.
No no no no no, not again. Not fucking again! Dean didn't stick around to listen to this kid before bolting out of there. He hasn't run this fast before in his life, even when he was being chased down by werewolves. The hunter ran down the rest of the hallway, dodging the random objects and people that where there before making it down to the stairs. He raced down them, thankfully whatever hospital they where at- only had a few levels. Dean navigates his way through the weeping families and makes it to a front desk. "I was brought here with another man, tall, long hair. Have you seen him?"
There was a crashing noise, which made both of them cringe. Dean looked behind him to see what the noise was, but he didn't see anything and looked back to Sam who was staring down at Dean's hand. Dean followed the gaze and looked at the trunk and his eyes widen slightly as he carefully removed his hand from the car. A large dent now present on the lid of the truck. He gulps slightly and the brothers look back at each other. "We need to find out what's wrong with me... and fast." Dean said softly as he walked away from the trunk and got into the car.
'It's this healing thing.' He thought to himself. He didn't remember the conversation that he had with Castiel and his brother, Dean could only remember bits of pieces of his time as a spirit, but nothing was concrete. He didn't have much time to dwell on it though, before he heard a worried voice.
Castiel looked down at the floor, "For what it's worth, I would give anything not to have you do this."
Bobby bursts out laughing, hunching over in his seat form the pure absurdity of what was being told.
Sam sighed and shook his head as he sat down on the desk chair, not looking up from the floor. He felt a bit defeated, but that was not his main concern right now. He needed to find Dean- NOW before the Angel's make him do something that he knows Dean can't do, or they find out what's wrong him and kill him instead of curing him. "You think I wanna do this? This is the last thing I-" He says softly before looking up, his brows furrowed. "But I need to be strong enough, to save Dean."
He took a step back, having Sam's hand fall off of his shoulder. "I don't need help, because I don't remember." Dean insisted.
Dean walked around the front of the church, hands on his loaded shot gun as he carefully opened the front door. Nothing so far. He looked back at Sam and gestured him to follow before going in himself. He kept the gun on the drawl, high up in case he wouldn't have time to get it up if a demon came around the corner.
"Hey Hey Hey! Stay with me Dean, it's gonna be okay, I promise." Sam said but paused in shock. He gulps as he saw a bright blue light on Dean's tiny cuts on his face. Slowly starting to heal, however, the moment Dean closed his eyes- they went away.
Ruby, now posed as Dean giggled. "I know, but I was thinking that maybe it would feel more natural for him to wake up without the tubing in his throat. Unlike last time from what he can recall." She looked down and herself and clenched her fists and looked down at her body. "Damn, never thought I would possess a guy. This is so weird."
Castiel rose his hand and the knife began to turn in the demons shoulder. Alistair cried out before grabbing the hilt of the knife and tossing it away and to the side. Moments later he charges at the angel, and they ensue into a large fight. Demon vs Angel. Sounds like a bad punchline. However in the end, Alistair slams Castiel against the wall, choking him. "Well, like roaches, you celestials. Now, I really wish I knew how to kill you." He says looking back over to Dean. "I guess that's why you tried to save the humans hides, huh? Because celestials are all selfish about what is theirs aren't they?" He smirked and looked back at the angel. "Really wish I knew how to kill you, But all I can do is send you back to heaven."
Dean sighed, rolling his eyes slightly. Of course he was dreaming yet again. He took a deep breath and unbuckled his seat and turning around so he could better interact with the other. He looked him up and down again before speaking. "Would it kill you to run a brush through your hair? It looks like you just rolled out of bed from a one night stand."
The brother scoffs and sets his arms down. "Sammy! I already told you it's me! Why are you guys suddenly on the defense? I have literally been here with you this whole time."
He grabbed a beer and opened it, when he looked over the top of the fridge door- there was his big giagantor of a brother. Looking nervous and yet having an expectant look on his face. Dean didn't acknowledge him as he opened his drink and went back into the living room, four eyes on him and waiting for the blow out.
was the first to walk over, his hands going into his pockets as he looked at Dean in a sceptic manner. Dean couldn't blame him. He still remembers when Sam was possessed by Meg and he was worried to trust a word being said. "Why didn't you say that earlier?"
Sam bit his inner cheek, hands being shoved into his pockets and his gaze went anywhere besides where Dean was. "Well uh-" He started.
"I. Never. Tortured." Dean says looking back at Uriel, his hand gripping harder on the knife. "I fought for my damn life almost everyday. I never took up the damn deal." He spat.
That's when he remembered the last time Dean was in a hospital dying. His eyes widen as he stood up and looked around for a moment. "Dean? Are you here man?" He asked and waited for a response. The answer came in form of the light switch turning on and off in a quick motion.
Sam just shook his head in annoyance and showed the pieces of the flask. "You're telling me you can read these engravings?" He challenges.
"Just one night..." He mumbled as he washed his face with the cool water. He just wanted a night to not obsess over himself. Dean's whole life, he has never made a selfish wish that he didn't think was for the best. He didn't know what was wrong, if he just knew... maybe he could fix it? There are so many things that he just wished he could do, yet none of them would ever happen and he knew that. He knew that deep down he was stuck with this aching want of relief.
"-because you can't keep a simple devil's trap together!" Sam yelled, which was probably the wrong idea to do while in a hospital, because patients and staff looked at the two of them but right now- Sam did not fucking care.
Ruby sighed gruffly, rolling her eyes as she walked up to Sam with her arms folded. "You've been detoxing for two weeks. It's bound to end sooner or later, if you drink now he'll stop thinking about it. A pint should suffice for a few days, long enough to get Dean off of your back about every thing you put in your mouth. After that, just take some while he's sleeping and put it into a bottle of wine. Close enough in color for him to not notice." Ruby suggested.
Alistair swished his hand in the air, and a small chair appeared behind him. A simple metal one that was similar to the material of the table and sat down. "The best damn hunters turning into the very thing that they hunt. How tragic is that? Such a soap opera." He sung.
The human gave a confused look. Running in his bloodline? New tasks? What the hell was that supposed to mean? He's dead. Dead dead. There is no coming back from his eternal torment. He was fine with this, but knew it would only get worst. His nightmares were probably true. He was going to come this. Become like
The pain was unbearable, like someone was tearing him apart from the inside out. Dean wanted to cry, it was agonizing! He's felt this pressure in his head since the hospital, but nothing like this. His eyes were wide open but he wasn't seeing anything. This blinding pain took over most of his senses.
Castiel let out a small breath, which Dean made out as a huff. Guess talking badly about God offends Angels. "He was the one who gave orders to save you. Free you from perdition. This is the thanks that you give this man? He raised you for a reason dean, when the time is right!"
Dean was getting annoyed with all the questions, he put his hands out in front of him and gestured as he spoke. "Look, we've been dealing with demon crap all day, please tell me you two are here to help us out and give us some damn slack for once."
Dean's face was hot and red, and he grabbed Castiel's wrist and yanked it off of himself, his grip equally as tight. "Then why didn't you also break out, John!? He's the one who actively did something while I was used as a fucking conduit!" Dean hissed.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck yet again, a new tick that Dean started to notice. He didn't know if this was his nonverbal communication that he was about to lie- or he was just nervous. he hoped it wasn't anything sinister. "I had Ruby keep Bobby in the car."
The demon was swift and quick, he runs in quick and grabbed Sam before tossing him down the stairs in one swift swoop. Before he can turn back around, Dean fires the salt rock bullets right into the mans heart. He hunched over, and Dean grabbed his own knife and runs over onto the Demon's back, stabbing it right into the Demon's jaw and thrashing right through the bone.
Castiel took another step forward. God- did this person not know anything about personal space? "God has a job for you." He explained simply. "The idea shall be made known unto you at a later date. You need to understand something. There will be changes to your life, all of them will be natural due to the condition you came back in. Some of it will be new that I will explain."
The demon tumbled over put a hand on her bottom lip and slightly glared at Sam, but nodded. "Fine... but if this continues, I might die. He needs to get it under control!"
can't trust her. You haven't been here for the past year and you don't know what she's done to help us."
Dean waited for a second before speaking, but he had to look at the wall behind his brother where Bobby was. "It's changing, I thought it was nothing at first but now it's progressed to a point that I can't ignore." He looked back at his brother, his hands shoved down into his pockets as he saw his brother's left eye dark and black. The left side of his face looked dehydrated and scared, almost bloody to a point.  However, on the right side of his face he saw his brother's perfectly healthy skin and worried eye. "You're starting to look like a Demon, Sammy."
Sam gave out a small chuckle, and his shoulders relaxed as he fell back against the back rest of the seat. Dean watched as his brother let out a small sigh of relief. "No one likes hospitals." He smirked, which only made Dean roll his eyes. "Don't worry, you're healed so we can just leave after you get dressed."
"Yeah, they talk, and sometimes I just... hear them in my head." Her voice shook slightly, almost as if she was nervous to say that last bit.
"That is a lie." Castiel spoke, which made Dean readjust in his seat. Of course it was. "There are 600 seals that contain Lucifer, however, only 66 need to be broken." He explained.
"Great!" Dean laughed aloud and shook his head, a hand pinching the bridge of his nose. He was just so exasperated at this point and just wanted some good news. "So wait-" He says finally looking back at his family. "How do we even know about this? Sure, guessing the apocalypse is happening based on scripture and seeing shit is one thing- but knowing about seals and Lucifer's cage? That isn't something you can just seek out."
He really needed to figure out what was wrong with him now, because he knew this would eventually kill him. But they had hit a dead end, maybe there was a book out there that Bobby didn't have that would explain all of this.
"Secondly, it was in a dream. We've encountered dream walkers in the past, this could be one of those."
They where currently in Bobby's basement. They thought it would be for the best to do this in a much more secluded area than what Pamela's house provided. Also all of Bobby's interrogation tools where located at his house so this was better for everyone. Except for Dean, who was bound in a rope that was soaked in holy water and thrown into the trunk of the impala so he couldn't escape.
The angel looked Dean, his blue eyes expressing the emotion he was concealing. Guilt. Sadness. Conditioning. "Want it, no. But I've been told that we need it."
Sam was silent and looked down at the floor, worried about what the other must have done to save his brother.
"Quite often actually, more than me by a long shot." A really long shot. He scoffs and looks at his brother then back at the doctor, folding his arms in front of himself as he spoke. "Look, get to the point. I know you're holding back something. This isn't my first rodeo trying to get information out of someone. Just tell me what's up."
For now, he just needed to hunker down and wait for this storm to pass. Dean grabbed every bar of food he could, going for the candy bars but having enough sense to actually grab granola or protein bars. If Sam was here, he would probably give Dean a proper chew out on how protein bars would give him enough strength to actually make it to Bobby's home and not pass out on the way until he can get some actual food.
He thought they were being a bit dramatic, he hadn't had a real meal since he came back and has only had a few hours of sleep. Anyone running off of fumes like that would be just as exhausted. Dean took the leftovers and starting eating those as well. It was okay, just cold mash potatoes because Sam didn't want to wait too long.
Bobby grabbed two beers from the fridge and walks over, handing one to Dean who greedily accepted. "Well, with the year we've been having. I'm not surprised you're back." Dean looked up at the comment, especially because of the tone that had been used. "Hopefully it's a good thing this time..."
Sam collapsed back down onto his chair, his hands carding through his hair as he looked back at his brother. It was not a pleasant sight. Those doctors should learn better bedside manners... he was way too blunt about all of this, how uncaring. Dean will wake up, and they are going to walk out of their together. Just like everything else they do, they will make it out.
The hunter furrowed his brows as he remembered something that Alistair, that demon had said right before he passed out. "
Sam looked down at the floor, one of his hands started scratching his wrist. It was obvious that the younger Winchester knew that he was doing was wrong, but was doing it anyways. "I haven't been doing it, so there isn't anything to worry about."
Dean shrugged slightly as he rubbed his head. "I dunno, uh- Ruby got us at the motel and uh... I just collapsed on the way here." Also the part were demon are actually not causing him to feel this way but ANGELS apparently are because Ruby is sooo trustworthy. Of course, Dean kept that to himself for now.
"You left that chick with angel brains with Ruby didn't you? That's why you were okay ditching her to save me."
Castiel glared a took a few steps closer to Dean. The angel grabbed Dean harshly by the chin and rose his head, keeping a rather sharp grip. "It's not blame that falls on you, Dean, it's fate. The righteous son who begins it is the only one who can finish it. You have to stop it."
The hunter's head was hung as he looked back up, his eyes blurred by drowsiness. It might now have been much, but he could feel his body slowly starting to reconstruct. His broken limbs and joints slowly cracking back into place. The pain of healing was worst that the process of being broken in the first place. That's the one thing about hell that most no one knows. Torture is the best part, so what happens when there is nothing left? Start all over again. The was the answer from the king of hell.
Dean looks down, biting his tongue as he got pissed off. He looked back at Sam who looked confused and worried. His brother took a step forward and kept his gun raised. "What do you mean?" Sam asked.
The Winchester looks down as his calf and reaches into his pant leg, pulling out a silver knife. He held it tightly and twirled the blade in his hands. This was either going to be really stupid or really terrifying and there was only one way to find out. Carefully, he unsheathes the blade and looks at the sharped weapon.
"What the hell man to me??? You're the one who just broke a flask with one stomp! This thing was made of metal, how the fuck did you do that!?" Sam said kneeling down and grabbing the random pieces. "Now Ruby is going to be pissed!"
Dean was taken aback by that, did he have a sticker on him announcing to the world who he was? If so, he needed to take that off prompto. "You heard of me?" He asked.
The angel bites his inner cheek and refused to look up. "I've been busy." His voice seemed to become even more gravely than before.
He chuckles as he adjusted his position on the overgrown tree, laying his body up against the wooden trunk as he just enjoyed the silence. He missed times like this. The silence. Freedom. Being a kid. Just being away from it all while still following his responsibilities from a safe distance. He wished for a time that he could go back to where he was only a little boy, wearing a funny shirt while his mom cut the crust off of his peanut butter and honey sandwiches. He didn't like jelly, it texture was never good enough. Only his mom remembered that detail.
It took a little longer for Ruby to gather all the things needed to create the summoning spell for the angel. The problem with being in a hospital, is that they most likely do not have everything needed to have a spell. Of course there are infants and dying humans, souls right for the taking, but the typical stuff for a spell is a little more- rare. So it took a few hours for the ingredients to be gathered forth and make the spell.
"Please, Ruby. All I need for you to do is heal him up enough so that he can wake up. He can heal the rest of it himself." Sam stated.
Dean ran a hand through his hair, "What happened? Also, I thought I told you that I disliked hospitals after what happened with John."
Cas took a deep breath. "Angel's cannot heal other angel's because of their grace. It's similar to the reaction with blood for humans. The same type of blood must be used to be given to another human. For angel's it must be the same grace that matches the host to be properly used. Once I gave Dean my grace, his human soul did something unexpected. It morphed and changed the grace to become his own. Different attributes and different affects to himself. Once his soul has been engulfed I may teach him. I cannot heal him anymore."
Dean responded the moment she said that, he stood up out of his seat and pulled the cloth off of the table as hard as he could which it also happened to flip the table over at the same time. Demonstrating an odd sense of strength. The candles came crashing to the floor and the shaking of the room went away and the TV shut off. Dean panted heavily as he looked at Pamela who looked furious, turning to stand but froze when she looked at Dean- her eyes wide.
Sam's shoulders tensed up, as if he hadn't really considered that this was torture until someone actual had said it. He took a deep breath and walked over to Bobby, standing right beside them and they spoke quietly, but Dean could hear them.
There was another long moment of pause. "...fine... I won't take us to Bobby. But, we are doing research on this the moment I find you. We're going to go to a  library and get as many books as we need to figure out what the hell is up with you."
Sam gave a small confused look, he looked away from Dean for a second before speaking. "Why do you keep saying that?"
The tears began to flood again, no matter how hard Dean tried to choke the tears back, no matter how hard he kept pausing to collect his voice, they just kept coming. "What kind of man does that to their own son...? What son does that to their old man?" He asked softly, not looking for an answer. "He's not my dad... not anymore..." He swallows. "The things I did... the things I do..."
Sorry it's been awhile, Finals are this upcoming week and the next and I've been studying for those. I'll try to post more soon. Thanks for the support!
Dean let out a small huff, he gave a once over around the room and grumbled when he found the bottle of alcohol being passed the angel. The angel either was annoyed or surprised and he didn't want to get hit with those massive wings for simply walking over, so he decided to stay stationary for now. "Well-" He said leaning back against the headboard of the bed. "A demon told Sam and Bobby."
Dean turned around and looked at his brother, scoffing slightly as he looked at the other's face. "I don't know... but I know it has to do with Demon blood and your psychic shit. I heard what Cas said last month. 'The boy with the demon blood' ringing any bells?"
"Sammy... I feel fine... please don't get Bobby involved. I feel my best when I am out with you and hunting. It helps me somehow and being stuck in a house for weeks on end it's going to help anyone." He said softly.
"Because I'm pretty sure that thing might have killed you! It really did not want to be seen. If either of you- " he says gesturing to Bobby and Sam. "-were sitting where I was? You would have done the same thing."
Sam sat down in a nearby chair, looking over at the Study where Bobby was. Dean watched as the two passed a worried glance, which only made Dean roll his eyes. "Guys! I'm fine. I'm the real deal, we already did the tests. Now stop looking at me like I'm some kicked puppy and tell me what's been going on."
"There isn't anything else, and this saves more people, Dean!" He cried out, standing up to meet Dean's level. Well, he was above Dean's level due to him being taller, but that's besides the point. "Most of the time we can save the person to where they don't have to die! This is one of the best outcomes we can hope for. The people we save, that's why we do this."
There was another long moment of pause before Dean looked back at Castiel, he didn't say anything for a long while as Castiel looked back at him. Silence. It's peaceful. Always is. "What's wrong with me, Cas?" His voice solemn.
Sam sighed, clearly annoyed as he sat down on the opposing bed. "Yeah Dean, I do. Look, killing us would've been no problem to that thing. That's why, for now, we just got to lay low and wait for Ruby to contact us."
He had completely forgot about that. Dean looked backed at his arms and made a small 'huh' noise before speaking. "I have no clue. I guess this resurrected body just doesn't like getting hurt anymore. Awesome." He said with a small smirk.
However, Ruby looked a bit nervous about the idea as she paced in the basement of the hospital where Sam had summoned her awhile ago. "You do remember that Dean does not trust me, and if he finds out about this- he'll kill me the second he gets."
Sam put his hands into his jean pockets, sighing softly. Dean could see his brother going into deep thought. The way his brows furrowed as he stared off at a nearby wall, how he bit his inner cheek to concentrate. Dean didn't know exactly what he was thinking. Maybe he was going through thousands of pages of lore, or maybe he was just trying to find out if Dean was lying. Only time would tell.
Alistair smirked, "And it is written that the first seal shall be broken when a holy man sheds blood of a righteous son in hell. As he breaks, so shall it break." He says chuckling. "Looks like you and your daddy are responsible for all of this. Every little thing, and if it wasn't for you selling your soul- this might not have ever happened."
Dean rose a brow, folding his arms and laying them on the back of the seat. "You mean, out of the billions of years you've been in heaven, you never got a little pillow talk action?" He says in a curious, but also serious manner if that is even possible.
"Finished? What is that supposed to mean- we had to protect her." Dean paused... Sam wouldn't- no Sam wouldn't gank her based on what angel's said... right? "Sam you better not have-"
"The grace that he has is trying to expel me, it knows a demon is present in the body even though Dean doesn't." She says before screaming as she fell to the floor, coughing up blood.
Bobby patted Dean's shoulder before walking past him and over to the door. "Would it kill yourself to just try and do something for yourself for once?"
Uriel tilted his head slightly, his expressions where a lot more expressive than Cas's. "Mind your tone with me."
Dean looked confused. "Sam, you have been my brother for how many years?! You should know my eyes are green by now."
When he finally managed to calm down, he looked back over, only to see the angel with his tilted head staring at the other in what he could only assume was worry or pity. "Don't look at me like that." He huffed.
Sam looked down at his brother, and his eyes slightly widen as Dean's eyes where barely cracked. "S-sammy?" He said softly.
Castiel seemed to be a bit annoyed, but he didn't move from his position which made DEAN annoyed with the angel. "Are you alright?" he asked.
He ended up just shaking his head and going back over to Dean's room, watching as his brother slept in the bed. Sam knows all too well about the nightmares Dean was having, and he feared being stuck in a constant one for this many days may do him so damage. Hopefully everything was okay for him though. Castiel walked over as well and Sam looked down. "Whatever you did to him, whatever you did to pull him out of hell is killing him. So save him. Remove it." He begged.
They where driving to Pamela's, a physic that they knew - well, a physic that Bobby knew who has only had a few interactions with Sam over the past year. Bobby said that she knew a spell for them to figure out who or what saved him from hell.
Pamela looked up to him. "Might be your gain." She winks before standing up and setting the candles on the table in a unique pattern while also taking the one's from Dean.
"Because the side of it LITERALLY says demon fucking blood! And that liquid is way too solid to be alcohol." He huffed.
Sam came over quickly and sat down beside the other... where the laptop was, predictably. "Well what did he want? What does he look like, you didn't even say!?" He said quickly, but paused when he looked at his brother. Dean rose a brow, Sam only stops his possible fangirling when something is abnormal. He slowly looked behind himself then back at his brother. "What happened to your wounds?" The younger brother asked.
Now that caught Dean's attention rather quick. "I didn't pray. I don't pray, I'm not into that bullshit. I don't kneel and clasp my hands for a man who doesn't give a shit about me."
"You call this 'letting us go'? We're busted up up ten ways from Sunday, and we look like we just got thrown into a woodchipper."
For some reason, the medical staff actually bought that and left Sam alone with Dean's body. Also the way that they came in, they didn't see Ruby's old host laying on the floor next to the bed. Sam waited a moment before looking over at his brother, nervous and waiting to see if anything would happen.
Sam kept his promise. As soon as the other was unresponsive, Sam carried his older brother's body to the impala and drove him straight to the hospital. Of course he didn't mention anything about the sudden weight lost, only that he was in a fight with an animal but didn't know what kind and that was about it. He knew that was the best way to avoid cops being there and showing up to ask questions. All he needed to do right now was get his brother fixed up so they could get back on the road.
The hunter smiled. "Good." Dean capped the flask and walked back over to the cart that he wheeled in. He then removes the cloth and lets it fall down to the cemented floor, revealing lots of fun torture devices. Some of it was the stereotypical demon tools. Salt, holy water, silver and the works. However, there was also some unique items. A cross, a lead pipe, baseball bat, knives, guns and bullets, as well as some other fun things.
The brother rose a brow, but he nodded. It was clear Sam wanted to finish the conversation as well, but it was also clear that he knew that he wasn't going to get through to Dean at this moment and maybe not even tonight. "Alright, I'll go get us something." He said walking to the door, he reached for the knob and looked back at Dean who had his own hand on the bathroom door. "Anything you want specifically?" He asked.
"Shut up, boy. You almost fell out of your seat just because you weren't tied up." Bobby says in a authoritative tone, yet it was still laced with concern and worry. Yet, Dean knew that the tone was used so that he wouldn't argue.
"I mean..." He said shoving his hands into his pockets. "Hypothetically, if someone was to enter his body, it wouldn't kill him or that someone?"
Uriel rolled his eyes, as well as letting out an annoyed sigh. Dean glared at this action, because he only seemed annoyed when his brother spoke. "We can handle the demon's just fine. Once we find out who it is."
There was a knock on the door, and Sam looked. A part of him pleaded that it would be an angel, but it was just the doctor who was treating him from before. Sam stood up from his seat as the doctor walked in, carrying a clipboard in his hands. He seemed to have a neutral expression on his face, but Sam could tell that there was going to be something wrong. "What's the news doc?" he asked.
He rose a brow and looked at Castiel, he adjusted how he was sitting to face the other. A leg hanging off of the branch while the other stayed propped up on the bark. "Prayed for?"
Castiel nodded, seeming to get back on track. "You are heading into some dangerous territory with Sam, right now. This woman who can hear us, you cannot trust her, nor the demon who is beside her at this moment."
Pamela hums delighted as she hugged the old friend and pulled away just when he did. "Oh don't worry, I like 'em young." She flirts, looking back over at Dean with a lustful glance.
There was a very quiet noise, which caught Dean's attention a lot quicker than it did Alistair's. But when it did, he looked behind him, Castiel stood behind him with Ruby's knife. Alistair smirks and drops Dean down to the floor where he doesn't move. The demon then focuses on the angel, who stabs him in the shoulder with the afore mentioned knife. The injury sparks gold light, flickering inside of the demon but not nearly enough as it should to kill a demon. "Well, almost. Looks like God is on my side today."
The angel thinks for a moment as he rested his hands on his knees, his legs hung over the side of the branch that they were signed on. "More of the lower angels are assigned families, guardian angels. They look after a blood line and try their best to answer prayers after getting approval from a superior. Some of don't need permission and they go and help who ever they want. None are assigned to the Winchester family, but I try my best to look out for you both."
The hunter looked up at Bobby as he spoke, it kind of surprised him to hear the other's voice. Dean looked down at the ground for a second before back at his brother. "You're face has changed." He said simple.
Sam gulps and forces his hand out, only little bits of black smoke shoot out from the Demon's mouth- but nothing else happens. The voice that follow though slowly leaks out. "That tickles. You don't have the juice to take me on, Sam."
Alistair tried to pull his body from the wall and just laughed. "You really think I'm going to tell you?" He smirked.
The now free man blinked for a moment, slightly seeing double with how far shut his eye lids where. "Sam- I have leftovers in the fridge as well as a gas-station sandwich in the fridge. Get them now." Bobby ordered.
Dean watched Sam do that and he had to look away for a small bit, he never liked seeing his little brother in pain. Even when it was something as stupid as stubbing a toe into the corner of the  table. Sammy used to do that a lot, growing up and being that tall at a young age tends to make someone rather clumsy. So whenever he had to watch Sam stitch up or clean a wound- always made him a bit nauseous. "So, you lost the magic knife, huh?"
"That didn't answer my question scum bag." Dean says finally coming to, struggling against the creatures grip. The man in front of him looked to be shorter than him, so he was surprised by how he was able to be kept pinned.
Sam looked a bit skeptical, his arms folded as he looked at his brother then down at Ruby's body. "What are we going to do with her?"
Dean looked into a room and tilted his head, he took a few steps closer and placed his hand on the side of the doorframe as he looked in. Inside was a medical bed of course, with a young man sleeping inside of it. Short handsome black hair with caramel colored skin laying on top of the blankets with a tube in his mouth. The clothes he wore were identical to the ones he wore. In another part of the room stood two adult figures who must have been in their late forties who sat silently while in each other's comforting embrace.
"Where are you going?" Castiel asked, taking a few steps and grabbing Dean's wrist in a rather right hold. The hunter looked back at his angel companion and glared.
Dean turned around and flinched, shocked to see a both Bobby and Sam standing their with guns in their hands aimed right at him. His eyes widen as he takes a step back with his arms up, he watched as Pamela ran around the side of he table and stood beside Bobby. "Guy's! We've been over this! The silver and holy water didn't do anything, remember?"
He finished the sandwich right when Bobby walked in through the door, carrying bags of food and water. He walked passed Dean and set them on the counter and had Sam start helping him unload it into the fridge. Dean got up and started to walk over, but he stopped.
Dean takes a deep breath, looking back up at the sky to look at the stars. He's never been one to appreciate how large the world really was. There was only so much he could do. Yet the stars seemed to give him peace and relaxation. Younger he thought they were angels, back when his mom was still alive. He doesn't know why he still enjoyed looking up at the stars now knowing the truth. He gave up on the idea of angels long ago, yet now that's all there seems to be. Angel's and Demons.
He didn't need to get all riled up over nothing. God was nothing. Dean shook his head and wiped a hand down his face. This was so awful. He looked down and the ground, now knowing that this was a dream he noticed how the edges where he couldn't see far enough had become blurred and behind it was a faint yellow and red light. His actual dreams. Hell.
He waited a moment and the light switched flicked from off to on, since the lights where already on in the first place. The brother smiled. "Okay, well... are you being hunted by a reaper?" He asked.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. This was so fucking stupid, more so than usual. But, he knew that he had to comply or they would keep bugging and making comments. "Fine, but when it comes back, I get to say, 'I told you so.'." The eldest brother took off his flannel and t-shirt as well as his pants, but there was no way he was taking off his boxers in front of Sam and Bobby. He did this before stepping on the weight scale that Bobby had brought into his bedroom. It was a digital one so the results came back quickly. Dean didn't want to admit it, but he was shocked. He moved his feet a bit on the scale, trying to see if he could add in some weight somewhere, but nothing was working.
Dean barely noticed he stood, but once he did he looked back at Sam and couldn't help but notice that he had his worried face on. A look that he has never gotten used to. His eyes brows always furrowed and he looked like a lost puppy. Dean shook his head slightly. "Okay, well that narrows everything down. So what - a seal gets broken. We can just undo whatever was done and BAM-" Dean clapped his hands for emphasis. "-seal get's plopped right onto the cage."
She looked back over and sighed softly. "Look... I was going to just mist in and mist out, but Sam... Dean is actually really damaged internally. I can feel the grace that you where talking about, but it isn't enough to heal all of this." Ruby said simply.
Dean stayed there waiting, yeah- he knew this wasn't going to end well. Once Sam eventually looked at his brother, Dean rose his shoulders and arms- waiting for an explanation. "Well?"
The angel shook his head. "We are doing something about it, we have been trying to prevent seals from being broken. Why do you think angels are walking amongst the creatures of earth now?"
"Okay, okay, so what? How do we prevent any more lock from being broken from this bitch?" He stops pacing and looked to the other two in the room, he looked back and forth between them to look at their positions and expressions. Dean could tell they were holding something back and didn't want him to know. "Well?" He asks.
"Don't talk unless you are spoken too. I would also suggest not struggling, because the more you do, the higher I will turn up the settings." The demon warned.
By the time Dean was done, he collapsed onto the floor as his blue and white glowing eyes faded back into their original emerald green. He rested his head back against the wall as he let out heavy breaths to catch some air back into his lungs. Shaking gasps left his throat as he heard the water from the sink and shower spraying onto the ground. Bobby is not going to be happy with him. He doesn't know where that amount of strength came from, but right now... he didn't care. He felt a bit of relief, but he knew it would be short lived, like most things in his life are.
Sam tilted his head slightly, "Yeah, I do." He said before twisting his hand, and Alistair lets out a pained cry, his eyes rolling back white as he shook with pain. "How are the demons killing angels?" He repeated.
"You- you two can't do this!" Sam said, forgetting every sense of danger apparently as he took a few steps forward. "You- you're angels! I mean- I mean aren't you supposed to-" He stumbles over his words. "You're supposed to show mercy!" He exclaimed.
There was so many questions that he had to ask, so many things that he just didn't know the answers to. For one, what was that glow? Yes, he knew that Dean would heal quicker than him sometimes while on a case since he's been back, but this was different. Way different. Also that glow seemed to have been healing Dean, so why wasn't he healing now?
Sam gave a hearty laugh, "When have I ever forgotten the pie?" The young Winchester smirked before walking out that door and closing it behind himself. Dean waited a moment to make sure he saw the headlights turn on and the sound of his engine turn the car on before going into the shower. He trusted Sam, he always did. Hopefully the gift of pie would calm his nerves for a bit.
"And since when am I the one you come to for this?" Dean began to walk over, his shoes making heavy clunks against the floor. "You know better than anyone about how my time in hell has affected me. Maybe even more so than Sam. You wouldn't ask me to do this."
"An angel. Apparently she rebelled against heaven and angel's were sent to kill her. She ripped out her grace so she could be hidden from other angels."
Dean didn't pause, simply he walked over to where Sam was and started grabbing his coat/jacket and putting it on. "To go gank some demons. I need to get some action."
"Like before I was dragged to hell? I can see her actual face. How fucking thin is this damn veil?" He huffed and lowed his gun for now, his unbeknownst shaking making it difficult to hold it.
He rolled his eyes again and waved his hand in dismissal, if he heard 'of the lord' one more time, he's going to shove his fist down Castiel's throat. "Cas, can you stop saying soldier of the lord? If you say it one more time, I'm going to start recording you and make a compilation to post on YouTube." He warned.
The hunter cried out loudly as he only made the damage worst, his hands coiled around the chains as he attempted to pull, but it felt as if it was melded into his bones. Footsteps trailed over, each one made Dean's body tense and cringe up. "Why do you fight?" Came the man's voice, the tone was happy and light. Dean has learned to despise the voice.
He looked to Sam for a moment before leaning back against the bed, his back hitting the wall while he folded his arms. "I'm starving. I try to pace myself, but it's torture. I uh... physically cannot get enough to eat. I-I haven't felt full since the day we came back from Pam's and you two basically fed me a grocery store. I'm- you know- able to eat enough to were I'm not distracted... but- I dunno, it feels like I can't eat enough." Dean confessed.
"So what you're telling me, is that Lilith - the demon who sicked hellhounds onto me so I would be dragged down into hell - is currently trying to pop Lucifer
Sam followed Ruby down to the basement, and he saw what seemed to be an altar. He went over to it and noted that it just seemed to be a bowl filled with what he can only assume to be various materials, most of them akin to leaves, herbs or petals set before a circular sigil. It was in four quadrants and had different symbols inside of them. He looked over at the floor and saw a line mark in a circle, he could only assume it was the holy oil that Ruby had been talking about earlier.
Castiel obviously was not expecting this question, and he looked away and looked to be standing up. Dean's eyes widen and he quickly grabbed the other's hand just as the angel was balancing on the branch, looking to have only been a moment from flying away. "Please, I need to know." The angel looked down at the desperate hunter, but he only shook his head.
Dean gave the other a firm look. "So what now, I'm off the hook and you're on, is that it? You're some demon's bitch-boy? I didn't want to be saved like this."
He decided to leave out most of the details, he still hadn't told Sam about what happened in hell. Sammy didn't need to know how he tortured someone... Yet, he felt like he needed to. After what Alistair told him about how he and John broke the first seal, he knew it was important information but not completely sure on how. Dean looked over at his brother, who was now standing while leaning his back against the window. "Dude, you're going to make the hot nurses reclean that. Show some respect."
Dean nodded, leaning back against the dashboard now. It was an very uncomfortable decision, but he was fine with. "So what did you need to talk to me about?"
Bobby only finished tying him to the chair by the time Dean looked awful. He seemed to look just as tired as he had when he crawled out of the ground. For no reason at all. He was just tired, and also really damn hungry. The moment he stopped the séance as well as looking himself in the TV he just was
He walked up to the flame, only standing a foot away from it, his arms folded across his chest. "Tell me exactly what is going on with Dean."
Castiel looked to Dean, his face always such a neutral expression yet the smallest mannerisms gave away his emotions. "Yes."
Sam shakes his head, his hands curling into fists as he listened to this 'angel of the lord' speak to him. "This whole thing was pointless. You understand that? The demons aren't doing the hits. Something else is killing your soldiers." The hunter scoffed slightly.
Dean took a few steps back as well until he felt his back hit a desk, a couple things fell off of it when he did. "What the hell are you talking about???"
"Then what about being able to see demons?  Your weird hunger? Drowsiness? Also the glowing eyes thing." Sam asked.
Alistair looked over at the torture devices and laughed whole heartedly. Dean just ignored him. However, that action made the demon smile brightly. "I'm sorry. This is a very serious, very emotional situation for you. I shouldn't laugh, I really shouldn't! But it's just that—I mean, are they serious? They sent you to torture me?"
The brother rubbed the back of his neck before walking over to the side of the bed, and sat down at the foot of it. Dean rose a brow and sat up to meet his brother's height. Well- as best as he could. Sam took a deep breath and looked to his brother, not beating around the bush. "Ruby gave me a spell, I was able to track you down with Bobby. I found you in this warehouse's basement. Castiel was pinned against the wall, and you where on the ground. I killed Alistair and I brought you here."
Bobby looked to Dean and sighed, he grabbed his cap and took it off of his scalp and wringed the material in his hands. This must be something serious... "We don't know what's wrong with you, boy. We've looked at almost every bit of lore that I have, but we got nothing. We think that whatever is going on with you- is going to kill you."
Sam marched towards her, even with his vision going in and out, Dean could see how pissed his brother looked. "You knew about the angels? Why didn't you tell me!?"
A hand went down to his wrist, his thumb tracing the outline of the mark. It was obviously a hand print. He couldn't help but think what could have left it, he didn't want to search all his memories of hell to see if a demon or Jo-... just any demon would've burned him with their hands. Probably not a wise decision.
coming out. He grabs the corners of the sink and yanks it off the piping, and it clatters to the floor. The shower head ripped from the wall. The tub kicked so hard that the plaster holding it together completely collapsed in on itself. The tile on the bathroom wall became rubble while the door was shoved off it's hinges.
The angel glared and looked over to Dean, Dean was mostly out of it, similar as to the way he felt when they saved Anna and he was exhausted. This time though, he was in pain. A small part of Dean looked to Castiel and swore he could have seen pure and genuine concern for him.
He watched Castiel think about this concept, although it didn't seem like he was thinking about anything. His blue eyes just stared right at Dean. Yet- Dean couldn't look away. He didn't know why... he only looked away for a second, wetting his lips with his tongue then looking back at Cas. However, he noticed how tense the other's shoulders seemed and how stiff he was sitting in his baby. No one is allowed to be uncomfortable in his car. "You okay, Cas?"
Sam's eyes widen and looked behind himself, expecting to see Dean which would have been amazing and he wouldn't have to interrogate an angel. However, he wasn't there. There was nothing at all. He looked back tot he angel. "Who are you talking to?"
Dean hisses softly, feeling the wrist that she was touching starting to heat up as it slowly started to  burn like it had when he crawled out of his coffin. He looked over to his brother and Bobby. He saw their looks, and they were just as terrified as him. "Maybe we should stop." Bobby spoke.
Castiel nodded and sat straighter in the back seat of the car. He had to adjust his trench coat to lay on the seats beside him due to the size, as well as scooting higher up on the seat. If Dean didn't know any better, he'd assume this was the Angel's first time ever being inside of a car. If that was the case, that would be a real privilege for the other. "This automobile is rather uncomfortable. Practically useless to Angels."
This time when the other had stopped, Dean's body slightly jolted and the smell of his burning flesh seared the room. Hooks are very conductive. He groans once it stopped, his head hung low once again. He didn't know why he kept fighting, every inch of his body and soul screamed for him to let go. Accept. Take the damn offer. It was hell, why would hell be easy? They were giving him a way out, a way to never feel this pain ever again, yet he won't take it. Why can't he just take it? It hurts, his body ached, he felt like crying but would never give the demons the satisfaction. Alistair wanted something, he knew it. He knew there must be something else attached to this deal, something undisclosed. That's why he's so persistent.
"Idjit, you haven't been throwing up your food have you?" Bobby asked, now stepping into the bedroom.
"Dean, this is serious. Something is seriously wrong and we need to find out what exactly that is." He said in a much more serious tone.
However, Dean in a second felt at peace. The pain subsided for a second as was finally able to see. The ceiling looked crumbly, like every piece was about to fall onto him. Then, he heard a voice. It wasn't Sam's or his own.
The rattling of the table gets more violent. "I almost got it. I command you, show me your face!" She yelled.
"Super strength, telekinesis, healing others, angel radio, advanced senses, sedation, understandment of all languages, smiting, dream walking, and reality morphing. There are others but those are to name a few."
Dean continued on, "Tell me Sam! You said it yourself that you can do things with your mind, not just visions anymore. You went top ten in the NBA so you must be able to do GREAT things."
Right as she did, the glass on every window in the home shattered into a thousand pieces, a loud high pitch squeal and noise ran throughout the room. Making Sam and Bobby clenching their hands tighter and hiding their faces into their shirts or doing anything to make the loud noise stop. Almost as if they where in pain.
Slowly Dean turned around, leaning against the the sink. "Cas... there is something called, 'personal space'. Learn what that is." He said while looking off to the side.
After the angels had disappeared with Dean, Sam was left alone with Bobby and neither knew what to do about it. They don't know much about angels nor how to track them so they where at a lost. Of course there are spells to use, but all of those weren't working for some off reason. They tried to a spell by using Dean's saliva that they extracted from an old bottle of beer, but it kept giving them different locations. Of course they tried other items and spells, but it was like something was purposely messing with the spell. They may know some of Angel's abilities, but they know that they can't exactly alter a location spell. Or at least they think so for the time being. So when all else failed, Sam called Ruby for help. "I need your help to find out where they took Dean."
Sam stayed silent yet again, not able to look his brother in the face. He went over and sat down on the couch that his brother had been on moments before and put his head in his hands. Dean could tell he was trying to put together the words that he wanted to say and prove why they could trust Ruby - but knew that whatever he wanted to say wasn't going to be enough for the Winchester.
Sam's face fell slightly at the angel's words, and so did Dean's but for different reasons. Demon blood? What the hell was Cas talking about. "Let's keep it that way." Came the voice of the other angel.
Dean didn't waste any time. He went over to Anna and grabbed her arm, making her follow as he took her to the closest room that he saw. "Stay here, and only unlock the door if it's us!" He said in a stern tone. Anna nodded as the closed the door. Dean only moved away once he heard the sound of a lock- locking.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Not buying it. How do you even know that she warded it off?" Sam showed the patterns that Dean had been looking at a moment before, but the patterns didn't look familiar, also the idea of something being warded against reapers- something that they have barely encountered didn't make any sense.
Inside, Dean's body was standing in the middle of the room and looking forward at where Sam had just come in. His eyes where glowing blue like they had been the day they visited Pamela, however, there was a difference. There was a bright light, a light that didn't have a source.
Dean noticed this and slowly tried to sit up, only making it about half way where he perched himself up by the elbow, but it was useless as he collapsed back down to the floor, passing out from the trauma and blood lost.
"You have wings?" he asked. Dean didn't know why he didn't notice them sooner. Maybe it was because other times it was a dream, but right now it was the only thing he could look at, because they where flipping huge! The black feathers that hung from what looked like wooden branches hung in such a delicate pattern was stunning. His first question was why where the wings black, and the second question was why did he want to touch them so badly?
The brother looked up at Bobby, searching the others eyes and seeing the concern. The other's winkled fixtures only showing the warry silence of what he wanted to know. Dean took a deep breath and laid his head back. "You've made me sleep sixteen hour days for the past week. I think I can have a small break to myself and get a thing alcohol."
Dean pushed passed his brother and started to head down the hospital hallway, gripping the key tighter as he felt himself rising in anger. Quick footsteps followed behind him that sort of echoed, but they stopped behind him and kept pace. "What do you mean by that? How can you call him?" He asked, his voice sounded slightly panicked.
Sam paused for a moment and shook his head. "He's probably talking about how Demon blood can get spilt during an expel."
"I just do!" However, just because Dean didn't know what was happening to him, doesn't mean that things aren't going to or won't happen. He never gets that lucky now does he?
Also, how come he was able to see and interact with a spirit? Last time when he was in this condition inside of a hospital, he couldn't speak or talk to anyone who wasn't his reaper. Yeah, he could see the reaper sucking souls out of peoples bodies, but he hadn't been able to see a soul outside of their body ever. God, what is happening to him.
Thankfully, Sam was back down soon and handed over the sandwich first to Dean. Once Dean had it in his hands he started gulfing it down. He was inhaling the food, not even waiting for himself to finish a bite before taking another one. Sounds of lips smacking and squashing noises where the only sounds heard in the basement.
Castiel stepped closer, his wings dragged behind him as he walked. A part of Dean really wanted to see the wings on full display, but it was obvious that the other was holding back from Uriel most likely. God how he wanted to beat the snot out of that fucking man. "I was getting too close to the humans in my charge. You. They feel I've begun to express emotions. The doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment."
"Ruby's got her. I'm sure she's okay." Sam stated, he went back over and grabbed the whisky bottle before handing it back to his brother.
In the car, Dean was slumped against the window in an annoyed huff. He really wanted to drive his car that has way more sentimental value to himself than it did to Sam. He was sure of it. Nothing beats being on the open road with nothing between you and whatever monster you're about to slaughter. Nothing beats it. He looked over at his brother, who was mouthing the words to the song that was currently playing.
The angel gave a nod. "I do. The reason is... Human's weren't made to contain grace without being used as a vessel by an angel. His body is reacting poorly. The main reason is that the human body likes to do things on its own. Subconsciously. Due to this, Dean is using my grace and is unable to control it. Thus he is unable to keep his body from using the energy. Leading to the weight loss and the hunger. The exhaustion is caused by not having enough energy to sustain the energy he uses."
"I'm going as fast as I can." Sam retorted from the bedroom, he got a rather nasty slice across his arm. Currently he was stitching up his own wound. Thankfully the hotel had their own first aid kit.
The angel did not pull away, seemingly unafraid or opposed to the tight grip being displayed. "Because he was the holy man, not the righteous son."
as he looked at them. "I had no clue how I got them... I didn't have them before. And no hell hound gave them to me." Carefully Dean rolled the sleeves back down, his wrists itching yet again.
