He’d just gotten back from SHIELD headquarters, and when he saw the elevator closing, he jogged a few paces across the lobby to keep the doors from sliding shut. By the time they bounced open to reveal Tony tapping away at his phone, it was already too late for Steve to change his mind. So he took a deep breath and stepped inside, doing his best to keep his posture loose and open.
“Let’s just say you fit the bill,” Clint answered, ticking off the qualities on his fingers, “erratic behavior, reckless disregard for clear signs of danger, that kind of…manic glint in your eyes.”
He ran one hand through his hair in frustration, and Natasha shifted slightly back toward the footage, giving him space but maintaining contact through the slight pressure of her feet on his lap.
“I don’t know if you know this, but my Draper Prize was actually awarded for achievements in deflection. So don’t think I missed that dodge,” Tony said. “And as much as I enjoy watching a fellow artist at work, you look like you’re about to crack a tooth trying to keep a lid on it. So. You want to talk?”
“Yes,” Steve agreed. “And I’m very sorry to do this, but we need to get moving.” He pulled out the injector gun that May had given him, and held it over Harrison’s chest. “This is adrenaline. It’s not going to feel great. But I promise I won’t leave you.”
“Don’t you dare touch him, you slimy piece of shit.”
“Yeah, good luck with that,” Coulson replied evenly.
“Never mind,” Tony said to Bruce, jabbing a thumb at Grant as the meeting finally adjourned just before 6:00. “This is definitely
“So that’s a ‘no’ on ‘being pinned to the floor’ then,” Steve clarified, running one hand slowly down Tony’s chest and hooking a thumb around the waistband of his sweatpants.
“Hey,” Tony said, squeezing Steve’s hand, “what’s going on? I know my hair’s probably a disaster, but you’ve seen me much worse than this.”
A Top-40 hit Steve vaguely recognized had started playing on the television, which was showing cell-phone videos of people dancing in their bedrooms and living rooms. Clint heaved himself to his feet, wobbling only briefly on the left ankle he’d twisted jumping out of a window, and started shaking his hips to the music.
Tony hesitated a moment, struggling against the fight instinct insisting he should keep working to prove a point (what point? unimportant) and the flight reflex screaming at him to high-tail it out of there before he curled up in Steve’s lap like a cat. But finally he surrendered, shuffling over and lying across the length of the couch, the top of his head barely resting on the edge of Steve’s thigh.
She sighed. "Yeah. Better to get it over with, I guess."
“What a fucking mess,” he sighed, staring at the boxes of discarded drawing plans, dogeared books, and semi-functional gadgets littering the concrete floor.
“Of course I do, Steve,” Tony replied simply. “You’re the best man I know. And now I don’t want to be too forward,” he gave a small squeeze with the hand that was resting on Steve’s ass, “given your old-fashioned sensibilities –”
“You,” Steve said simply. “Us. The team.”
“I happen to know that Sharon’s interests lie elsewhere,” she explained, brushing her fingers along the side of her head, as if to tuck back strands of hair that had not actually gone astray. Tony blinked at her for a moment and then broke into a broad grin.
“Important to the stakeout,” Tony continued. “Come on over here, Agent Smartass, and I’ll tell you all about it.”
the subject, Rogers. Because this Tower sure has a lot of self-appointed babysitters for a group of people whose unhealthy coping mechanisms could fill an Intro to Psych textbook.”
"I can handle myself. Trust me."
“Uhh,” he continued, eloquently, “right, the sketch. The sketch seems to have been completed sometime in 1943. It’s accessible nowhere in the world except for in the library of Brooklyn Community College, where Peggy Carter made a generous donation just before her death. On their own, many of the documents in the collection might look unremarkable - just another paper trail, plotting out the places where a human life brushed up against the bureaucracies of war - but it was by paying attention to the personal coordinates of these materials that I got turned on to the importance of the 107th infantry regiment…”
“We should set a trap to draw out the remaining ornaments,” Steve decided. “I want eyes on the perimeter – where the hell
“What’s the statute of limitations on how long you get to use that to win arguments?” Clint rolled his eyes.
Whatever hopes he’d had that weeks on the road would help him maintain more friendly, professional feelings toward his teammate had gone out the window the second he saw him again at the Triskelion. His only chance of salvaging things now was to try to keep it together well enough that Tony wouldn’t notice Steve leaning toward him all the time like the world’s saddest sunflower.
“Oh my god,” Tony groaned. “You left him. You fucking left him. Steve –”
“You’re on.”
“Unfortunately for you, you’re not unarmed,” Tony replied, gesturing toward the device in Sitwell’s hand with a jerk of the gun. “You bastards used that to kill a SHIELD agent who was practically a kid. His name was Agent Harrison. And if you were going to put an explosive in Steve Rogers’ head, you really should have put one in mine. Because that’s the only way you could have stopped me from tracking you down.”
“Wait!” he shouted around the glove before removing it from his mouth.
Steve’s arms flexed, and he shifted his weight between his feet.
“Or he thinks he has another way of getting them,” Natasha mused, picking a tempura roll off Thor’s plate. “And he wanted us to be looking for an explosion instead.”
A wave of emotions passed over Tony’s face, and before Steve could track them, Tony was leaning forward to kiss him. Steve tilted his head upward with a sigh, seeking out the press of Tony’s lips as Tony held him gently in place with a hand on his shoulder. When Tony pulled back, Steve shivered, feeling a sweet sting linger in the place where Tony’s tongue had swept across the seam of his mouth.
“I think there was talk of kissing me, Rogers,” Tony pointed out, though he knew Steve had to feel him leaning into the touch.
“For extra protection,” Wanda clarified, catching a momentary flicker on Steve’s face. “No mind control.”
It was a rare night with just the two of them at the Tower. Steve was in his fifth week on the road, Clint and Natasha were off on a SHIELD mission, and Thor had brought Bruce out to New Mexico to meet Jane and consult on her new project. Rhodey had come by to check out some upgrades Tony was making to the War Machine armor and had stayed for a beer in what had informally become the team common room.
“Yeah, how dare he ask questions about his new workplace?” Bruce raised an eyebrow. “The absolute gall.”
When they touched down, a group of agents ran toward them, including a young pair that Steve assumed must be Fitz and Simmons. Simmons took charge of Harrison’s body while Fitz hurried around the other side of the helicopter to collect the battered case from Rumlow.
“Speaking of which, where was Pepper that night?” Steve asked. Tony’s face tightened slightly.
he typed back, and this time he barely had to wait for a reply.
“Dr. Stark?” a student in the front row asked hesitantly, and Tony blinked at her for a moment before remembering where he was.
“On Christmas Eve,” Steve pointed out.
“Hmm,” Steve nodded thoughtfully. “What’s our room number?”
Steve broke off as Tony rose from his chair and walked toward him, one hand hovering in the air. Tony’s heart was galloping against his ribs, driven by a fear far worse than any he had felt while charging the Hydra ranks two days before, and he couldn’t pull his eyes away from the place where Steve’s hands had pressed instinctively to his side.
“Code Black,” Natasha said faintly. “That’s –”
“Tony,” Steve said immediately as he swiped to take the call, “We’re watching it right now. The footage –”
“HYDRA,” Tony cursed, remembering the other part of Natasha’s message. He used the repulsors to push himself off the ground into the air. “Cap, we’ve got to run,” he yelled. “Barton, company’s coming. Do you have eyes on Romanov?”
“Hey guys,” Coulson said, the faintest of movements playing around his lips. “Sorry for the dramatic entrance. But my new ride has cloaking technology, and you were really teeing me up there.”
Tony didn’t quite look at Steve as he finished, his eyes flitting around to the shadowy baseball posters and pennants tacked up around the room, and a horrible thought crept into Steve’s head.
he told himself.
“Tony!” Steve insisted, and he must have finally closed the distance between them because he was taking one of Tony’s hands gently in his free one. “I promise you I could not possibly care less what happened to my wrist. I’m not particularly proud of this, but I would have shattered every bone in my arm if I could have put even one of them through that bastard’s face before he ever got close to you.”
“So am I disqualified from betting if the first injury of the month happened because you were standing next to me?” Tony asked. His tone was light but sharp, and even though Tony was turning the edge toward himself, Steve felt it like a blade against his sternum.
What Tony hadn’t counted on was the possibility that he wasn’t being held for ransom but used as bait. Of course, he had realized this was something other than a run-of-the-mill abduction when two of his kidnappers turned out to be SHIELD agents who said “Hail HYDRA” to each other without any discernable trace of irony. But then Sitwell had walked into the room, accompanied by three men carrying Steve’s unconscious body, and Tony had lost it.
“Tony,” she said patiently, “you are without a doubt the stupidest incredibly smart person I know.”
“Nope. Nuh huh. No way, Brucie. This was not an ‘oops I just sent everyone on the admissions committee a photo of my dog.’ He CC:ed the alumni list-serve to suggest that the lack of therapists in student services was willful negligence. I could hear the President screaming about ‘sole fiduciary responsibility’ from my office.”
“Should we battle for them?” Thor asked excitedly.
“Will you shut up and just let me handle something for once, Rogers?” Tony muttered. “Quit trying to backseat-drive your own rescue.”
. By the time Steve met Ward’s eyes, the agent’s expression was aloof, but Steve could swear he had caught a sharpness there just a second ago.
“Tell Pepper I’ll be with her in two shakes of the stick up Agent Rogers’ ass,” Tony called out. Sitwell, who luckily did not appear to be the type to repeat that message verbatim, confined himself to a tap of his watch before he disappeared around the corner again.
“I want that for you, Tony,” he said. “You deserve it. Even if we
“Too much?” Steve asked, wincing slightly. He started to pull his hand away from Tony’s, but Tony grasped it tighter, pulling it toward his chest.
James spread his arms and stepped backwards. "Tony…
But unfortunately, the next fifty minutes forced Tony to revise that opinion, as Dr. Grant managed to get himself back on the speaker’s list a staggering six times to raise objections about the rhetorical framing of the Western Cultures class, the lack of diversity requirements for the Economics major, and the unequal funding for student political organizations. Each new comment set off an answering volley of bureaucratic considerations from Sitwell, who by this point was vibrating with ill-concealed glee. Tony could feel the will to go on seeping out of him with every passing minute, but the set of Grant’s shoulders seemed to indicate that he was just getting started.
Grant’s face blanched again, his brows furrowing in a way that made Tony suddenly want to backpedal.
“On my way,” Tony replied, and Steve could hear a shift in the roaring noise around them as Tony shot toward the helicopter. Harrison gave another shout, his hands digging into the skin around his eyes.
Tony stared at him a little longer, his eyes flicking down to the place where an angry red line still striped across Steve’s ribs. Then he nodded in acknowledgment and turned away to flop onto the couch behind him.
Steve risked a glance in Tony’s direction and saw that he was running his eyes slowly and deliberately over Steve’s torso.
Smooth, Stark. Incredibly smooth. As if this year hadn’t already been enough of a mess, now he had to deal with a crush on Dr. Workplace Sedition, But Make it Sexy.
“Tony,” Rhodey cut him off, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I love you. And if you would actually talk to a therapist about anything – literally anything at all – I would buy you every Captain America poster, action figure, and lunch box ever made.”
He paused to duck as a pillow, half a molasses crinkle, and what looked suspiciously like a tranquilizer dart flew at him from three different locations in the Avengers common room.
“Good guesses,” Bruce responded with a small smile. “But I was going to ask whether you’d considered inventing time travel.”
Tony stopped pushing, though his hands remained fisted in the shoulders of Steve’s jacket as the yelling around them slowly subsided. Steve took a series of deep breaths, drawing his attention to the scuttling of stilettos, the tinkle of dropped china: all the signs that he was on the floor of a New York ballroom, not huddled against a barricade in the desert, waiting for the air around him to explode.
And as Steve felt Tony’s hands cupping the sides of his face, he realized he must be imagining again. His mind was always trying to find another way to fix things, and so he must have dreamed about the death threats that had led him to this cell. Getting news of the plot against Stark Tower from Natasha’s sources, deciding to track down the lead himself, the unknown days of torture after it had turned out to be a trap: all of it must have all been in his head, because the versions of Tony who forgave him – the ones who said Steve’s name and caressed his cheek, as this Tony was doing – never turned out to be real. When Steve opened his eyes, he’d be curled up on the couch of a safe house in Kiev or folded into a bus seat on the way to Jodhpur, waking up to another day in exile.
Tony tapped the end of a pen against his cheek rapidly as he reread the page. He knew Carter had briefly worked at the S.S.R. office in Brooklyn, but he’d never heard of any connections to the community college.
“Hey, soldier,” Tony murmured.
"That's ridiculous. We need to - uh - call the police. Call someone! This is
By the time Tony made it back to campus, it was in the awkward period between lunch and dinner, and Tony's stomach was in the middle of an argument between the probably-never-actually-met-a-poultry chicken nuggets he'd picked up when he stopped for gas and about fourteen liters of coffee. Deciding that adding sugar was the only way to make it a fair fight, he shouldered his bag and made his way to the Byrne Dining Hall.
"Monday! After I'm done learning a valuable life lesson about hangover cures." She disappeared around the corner.
“Wow. You’ve sure got me all figured out,” he said flatly. “Now as much as I appreciate the Shades of Freud act – and I’m sure the inevitable ‘Daddy Issues’ segment would have been delightful for everyone involved – I’m going to find my partner and get the fuck out of here.”
“You mock, but it should be considered, like, high treason to put Captain America’s ass in off-the-rack pants,” Tony argued, letting one hand run down Steve’s backside to illustrate his point.
“When is it ever with you?”
He stopped mid-sentence, his throat closing off on his next words, because he could hear crying on the other end of the line, and it wasn’t Tony.
“Aww Milk Duds no!” Clint complained as a small shower of chocolate pebbles bounced across the elevator floor.
Pepper cleared her throat delicately.
“What do they want me to do?” he asked.
Tony clicked to the next slide, which displayed his favorite photo of Carter. It was a wartime shot, and she was in uniform, leaning back against a jeep in the midst of a group of soldiers. Tony had always loved its candidness - the easy posture Carter adopted with the enlisted men - and he glanced out at the audience to check its effect.
He threw them a mock salute as he exited the elevator, and then Tony and Steve were left alone.
He made his way back to his car, noting with some apprehension that the storm had taken a definite turn toward “wintery mix” while he’d been inside. The smart thing to do, probably, would be to head straight home. But Tony had left the file folder with his copies from the Carter collection in his office on campus, and if he had to wait another twenty-four hours before he could compare the two sources, there was a 50/50 chance that he was going to crawl out of his own skin.
"This is all shit," he told the hamster who emerged from his pocket, cheeks fit to bursting, and eyed him up. "And I have to stand in front of everyone in two weeks and pretend it's not shit."
“Do you think they’re ready?” Clint asked, leaning against the fireplace a few feet away from the spot where Natasha had reappeared.
“That does not make me feel better,” Steve ground out. “And stop changing the subject.”
"Natasha, please do not be rude to our guest," he says in an educated voice.
“I know where he lives. Not that hard for me, but you know, I’m me.”
Bucky (his
“Vatican Cameos!”
“Okay, now Peter, just close your eyes. It won't hurt but for a minute,” Bruce said cheerily.
Steve made the last few feet to Anthony. Above, on his branch, sat Steve's nymph love. Tears openly flowed on Anthony's face and he reached out for Steve.
Dad and Pops are quiet again.
“Mh,” Wilson says. “It’s just, they’re so small and dirty.”
“Yeah, like it was good for me surrounded by idiots from grades 0 to 12 who just wanted a piece of the Stark name. And let’s remember the wonderful years of your school life bullied when Barnes wasn’t there,” Tony sneered.
"My friend and brother, Buchanan, he died. He died saving our land. He died because he wouldn't allow me to die." Steve holds Anthony for comfort. "I became wretched with sorrow. I threw myself in battle after battle growing use to the adrenaline, the paranoia of an enemy watching, the stench of death. When it ended I never  found peace. I kept my sword and shield with me."
“—and Coulson will look after him—”
“What do you think you’re doing?” Bucky yells in reply.
Peter returns to them and says that the monument is tiny compared to the Lady Liberty.
The ride to the penthouse is uninterrupted. Peter’s nerves show as he shuffles and eventually clings to Bruce’s thigh. A lump forms in his throat.
Tony is about to argue, but stops. He looks in the direction where Peter went and sighs.
Loki swallows hard. He can still hear his ersatz father’s name on his tongue. He looks at Peter now; the child has no fear, but great despair. Loki shakes him slightly, not hard, but still there is only that burning sadness. Loki laughs dryly and brings Peter onto the bed. He sits between his legs and holds the boy.
“String,” Peter replies.
1:00 p.m. stare at phone.
Thinking of his brother a dark passage came to Thor’s mind. He let it go seeing Jane worried.
That sound again.
The door stood open. Peter wrote a letter saying that he would be back and left the room.
“I remember everything,” Bucky says.
Tony drowns him out and scans the ugly room.
Peter smiles, which splits his face and he hurries even though Wong has not gone far.
Peter sits in the back and watches the traffic from his window.
"I have no plan."
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter is sitting up in bed, a smile on his face, and standing on the side of the door is Bucky. Peter squeals and runs to his dads.
Happy gave Tony a look and Tony groaned.
"Yes," and here Steve makes his sacrifice. "Being with you, talking, sharing my village's food, I feel light. That the weight of my past lifted the day I came to your willow."
Once, he thinks, there was a time Anthony had been content in his lot. He was the Willow Man; providing wisdom and herbs for passing man. His friends a constant rotation in his singular orbit. He's been alone with squirrels, hedgehogs, and the occasional hawk. It's a life. It's a life he regrets daily.
Coulson shifts the worry leaving.
On his fifth visit, he brings a basket of pastries from the bakery.
Stephen reentered his parlor-one of them-to find Wong staring wistfully out the window. Being sorcerers, it became tedious to keep track of time in one plane and though it only felt like months to Stephen, he knew it had been two years since that Peter boy had come. Thus, Wong’s wistful look.
“Brother, you have much to answer for,” Thor says. “Please, hold your liesmith nature and let the punishment come. I will not see you hurt more than necessary.”
“Never,” Coulson says.
Bucky deflates.
Loki takes the hat from the small hands.
A hint of jealousy in the A.I.’s voice gives Bruce the gumption to seek out his colleagues.
“But where’s Peter?” Happy asks.
Bucky walks to the door and knocks. He is off his depth for now and only wishes to tread lightly.
“No, no, little genius. Not here, not yet,” Tony said.
Steve is blasted on his bed. The repulsors were on stun, but Steve won’t stay down for long. Tony blasts the window and flies out to the Washington sky. He has a man to kill.
The two scientist read through the notes and coded words of one Arthur Parker, everything there, including photos of Peter as an infant. The data is incredible and not much is left to discover besides how Parker got his hands on an unfinished vial of the serum.
Pops looks at him. He smiles but it is not a real one. Peter takes a big bite from his hot dog and almost chokes.
“Loki stole him with us and his brother there, Tony.”
Strange grinned wider.
Still stunned and red in the face, Steve hands the basket over.
Tony smirked.
Peter is quiet throughout the meeting with the Dean Martin, which makes daddy chuckle, and listens as he is given the rundown of the school. He follows his daddy and the dean to Mr. Franz’s classroom in 305. Peter is introduced alone because daddy does not want the kids to see him. Here he is Peter Parker only because Daddy said the Stark name  is dangerous like James Bond.
“Mighty Thor, I seek an audience….”
“—before he moved in with his aunt and uncle. However, you both have heard him speak. I believe the serum may have been a factor in his vocal development, but without tests I cannot confirm. I have seen the boy’s experiences and peaked into his future. Peter will speak when he is ready and his powers will only grow in strength—”
“I’m sorry, Stark. I hurt you. I hurt Peter. I wasn’t thinking of what Steve had. Or what it might do to him,” Bucky says.
Once Sif was over her shock, she gathered herself and followed the boy.
“Indeed,” said Thor. His arms were crossed, but Steve knew the man wanted to hear about a party.
“I believe the gift is appropriate,” he says softly to not rouse Peter.
Perhaps, he needs to entice the Willow Man down.
“Well I don’t know who taught you your manners, but they need some work,” she responded archly.
“Sounds good to me,” Tony nodded. “I can grab one of the sixty-four weapons Natasha travels with and we can regroup. Which way do you think it is?”
“Tony –” Steve started.
Harrison nodded slightly, and Steve pulled the trigger as smoothly as he could. Harrison gasped, his eyes going wide as the chemicals hit him. The men were almost at the door now, so Steve couldn’t offer Harrison much time to recover before he pressed the rifle into his hand and pulled him to his feet.
find so irresistible that he was currently considering how many stock options he would trade in exchange for whatever Steve had been about to say.
His sluggish train of thought was interrupted by the sounds of AC/DC blasting from his cell phone. It was Tony’s ring tone – the song he had programmed as his call sign after Steve told him it sounded like cats falling down a metal staircase. Hearing it now, Steve felt like he might collapse with relief.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he acknowledged. “Thanks for the talk.”
“Tony!” Steve gasped out, shoving the glove back in his mouth as the pressure spiked to a new intensity in his head.
“Tony you can’t ignore my calls just because you know I have bad news,” Pepper’s voice launched in immediately.
“But I want to see!” Clint whined, and Natasha pinched him on the suprascapular nerve. “Oh fuck, Nat! Fine! Jesus. But this means we’re watching
He hides in a bathroom, but he’s made the worst mistake ever.
“My theory about a traumatizing experience was correct, but it goes back further. Peter has never spoken once—”
Steve nods. “I’ve done it before,” he says without preamble.
“Yes, but I believe all children learn independence too late, so you will do it alone.”
Peter nods.
Steve ventures out the bathroom and back to his bed. He opens his drawer for his cellphone.
“Oh God,” she says. Pepper grabs at the papers and throws them on the floor and takes the pen out of Tony’s hand. It is to no avail as he and Steve follow the paper. Tony begins signing his name on the scattered papers.
“Gorgeous. I thought you’d be long, tall, and handsome,” Natasha deadpanned.
Volstagg nods and awaits more; nothing comes.
Steve’s mind halted for a minute. He looked at his son, whose medical records were encrypted, and wondered what in God’s name had been done to keep this child alive.
Anthony touched his shoulder.
Wong is next to him as he enters the room. The Orb of Agamotto stands in the center of a room unfurnished, hidden in a glass dome. Stephen lifts it and looks into the orb for any signs in Peter’s future.
“Only if you shave that stupid beard off,” Tony says.
“Peter’s getting bullied. He hasn’t said nothing about it, but I know.”
“I know it’s not ideal. The blood is the easiest way to make sure. Maybe do it when he’s sleeping?”
Barnes’ glare could kill. However, the man takes another gulp of coffee just as the key lime pie arrives for Sam.
“Done,” said Peter. He held up a portrait of Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll see what I can do….”
“Talk,” he says.
“September 5
Steve walks up the familiar stairs to his DC apartment. He sees the door. Dear god, how long has it been? Two, three years perhaps. Steve gulps. He walks toward the polish oak and stares. The brass 4 on it. He stares. Tony’s bound to know he’s here. The man always said Steve’s footfalls are thunder claps outside his uniform. He opens the door to Tony about to open it.
"No, no. First some milk then tarts my little flower," Papa said.
“I’m aware it’s a bit early and cliché but you can’t wait for scientific intrigue. And the lady at Toys’R’Us said it has the latest kid friendly experiments,” he says smiling shyly.
“What do I need to do?”
“Yeah, kiddo,” dad said.
Scouring the city for a boy in strange clothing was a tedious task and not fruitful. Best was that he had been returned to his family and worst…Sif felt a shiver go down her spine at the worst. They continued in their search until Fandral charmed a young seamtress.
Steve wears a simple baseball cap and glasses. His beard is what really hides him. Tony is dressed down from his usual suits in pair of ripped jeans and a Star Trek t-shirt. Though, he still looks like money because those jeans are designer and his sunglasses are definitely not clearance aisle.
“With powers. Some which are still coming; did you see how much pressure he handled when the weights fell. And his healing factor’s up to par with mine.”
Tony rolled his eyes, wishing Happy had not insisted on making his son “rad.”
Bucky’s the first to speak.
Steve’s throat closes. He stares at the door. Sam knocks. Steve remains quiet. Sam pounds harder.
Steve stares at him. Opens his mouth, shuts it. Repeats this motion like a fish.
They watched Peter closely as he looked around the room. Tony had reserved a room at Tavern on the Green. The Crystal Room seemed to suit for the best fit. It was not stuffy and had some varying color. Tony had told Steve of it when he had his tenth birthday here.
“Ursa,” Peter says. He reaches out a friendly hand, but the bully (?) runs away from him.
Upon seeing the tree came a yell.
8:03 a.m. worry about Peter
“Do we have any string?” Peter asks. He holds a fragile piece of shoelace that splits in two. “I tried to use this but it didn’t work.”
They paused and glared at each other.
Steve puts him in a headlock.
He repeats his cycle until noon when Sam returns for lunch. Outside the door, Steve heard his old friend murmuring to himself on the couch. He could not refuse to give Bucky shelter after Sam’s place had been demolished, so, both Bucky and Sam lived with him. He stayed cooped in his room most days until Sam came to yell at him. Then, he’d leave. Bucky never followed.
Coulson stood off to the side and gaped. Steve smiled and hoped Tony would keep his head.
Bucky swallows the lump in his throat. Memories of a night weeks’ past returns. He makes a fist and swallows that too.
Peter smiled at her.
“My daddy likes to bring me to his office so I can be the boss when he’s bored. I have all the pens hidden in my desk at home. The pens are for o’icial stuff like suing people who take money from daddy and try’na screw daddy out of business. There’s too a big chair only daddy and me can sit in ‘cause we’re important and big. My room’s filled with toys is yours?” Peter nodded. “We can play action heroes and villains, like Batman and Joker. I can read real good and I have a lot of comics because daddy gets me them when I finish a book. The books he gives me aren’t always fun. They’re boring,” Harry whispers loudly into Peter’s ear.
Rhodes is where JARVIS said. There is a small assortment of finger sandwiches on a tray in front of him and Bruce sees him making more with peanut butter.
Mr. Happy almost hits another car. Tears pool at Peter’s eyes.
Bucky sighed. He owed Sam a big debt. Like the one he owed Steve. These two men had kept him safe and alive, hidden from the world that would see the Winter Soldier hung. And he repaid them by essentially ruining Steve’s marriage and destroying Sam’s home. He owed Peter too, for giving him a chance instead of being afraid.
Peter puffs up his chest and takes a big bite of his pizza sandwich, to which he gags on and drinks coke.
Two plush toys, a cat and a mouse, dressed in the superhero personae’s of Steve and Stark. Their hands are tied by a white layer of string and something else. Bucky takes it in his hand.
“That’s it. He comes and disrupts our lives and you let him off with a slap on the wrist. He enters my son’s room, about to do God knows what—”
Tony’s been in the lab when he is not up here and he barely lets Bruce close to him. Honestly, Bruce has little idea of what is going with Tony than Pepper who’s only been close enough to tell the genius he stinks. Bruce knows why now, and then the shards of alcohol. The bar is empty as Bruce timidly walks closer with Peter clutching him along with the stuffed toys.
Peter sits at a table that looks it should be put to rest. His son has pizza crust on his shirt and sauce on his mouth. There is nothing physically wrong and it seems the Winter Soldier hasn’t tried anything.
“Of course, but remember, we won’t bump him up a grade until he’s ready. Got it?”
The last to leave is of course Natasha. Her gift was a book on children’s poetry.
“Bruce,” Peter says. “What’s happening?”
“Sure,” he says.
Steve lied on his stomach. It was noon and he had not left his bed. He groaned. Licked his lips. His mouth had a chalky taste to it, probably from all the beer he’s taken on. Though, also maybe from eating chips for three days straight. Still, he was in tip-top form. Lovely, just lovely.
“Barnes, you asshole. You should be an asshole.” Stark picks up the brief case. Bucky notices it is metal. “I can’t stop Peter from seeing you if I tried. He trusts you. That’s enough for now. But, you can’t ever come back here alone and if you are alone with Steve for a minute I will rip off your other arm.”
“I got chills up my tail,” Tony said.
Peter is sleeping there tonight with his Pooh-doll clutched closely to him.
Barnes’ leans forward, intense look in his eyes. Sam stays seated. The waitress returns with the coffee.
Peter looks at him for the first time.
Loki stops and Peter stares. He is sniffling and trying to hide. Loki grabs him by his shoulders.
“Aye. However, Thor will not be pleased to know one of his Midgardian brethren have lost a child. Thus, I will tonight, ask for an audience after the festivities. And you.” He points to Peter. “Young Peter, must be our guests till then.”
The man stands frozen.
“I’m afraid to get close to him,” Coulson said. “Like, if I did so, all their fears and disappointments from last year would return. It broke them, sir.”
Tony grabs under Peter’s legs and carries him to the boy’s old room. The space is empty except for the furniture including the bed sheets. Tony falls on it with Peter clinging to him. The boy can climb walls, he will not fall off Tony. Once they are lying down Tony feels Peter squirm in his hold. He loosens enough for the boy to look up at him.
“I agree,” said Heimdall.
Odin and Frigga just watched with hints of amusement. Thor could hear them whispering, “so much better than last” and “marvelously hilarious.” Thor has lost the room and Jane smiled shyly up at him.
“Just come in and get it over with, Sam,” croaks a voice.
Steve walked the path to Anthony's tree. In his right hand an axe as sharp as a knife. It was large and branched out with a blunted end on the handle.
“Scary,” Peter squeaks.
“Pete’s missing you. He keeps asking about you and wondering when you’ll come back. Know how I know: Sam. He’s been able to take this shit from you and your prince of drama and actually ask about Pete. That doctor, the one who turns into the Hulk, keeps Sam updated on everything. When you don’t listen to him, I do.”
“Going somewhere,” Bucky stated.
Tony raises his gauntlets.
“Bucky, I told you already its Tony and—”
Bruce waits. Rhodes crosses his arms as if ready for battle.
Strange stroked his eye and it went clear.
“I sent them to your email already and some stuff you should know before breaking into an assassin’s apartment.”
Norman Osborn saw their conversation ended and went to see his son. Harry was having a one-sided conversation with the Peter boy.
Bucky closed his eyes. “Stuff you won’t understand.”
"Hello Peter, care for a ride home? Mr. Hogan won't be here for another ten minutes with the construction between the main road and here," he said.
Tony sighs. Maybe having Steve’s ex-whatever won’t be so bad. Every once in blue moon.
“Pops didn’t know daddy was coming and when he saw what you did, he was scared for daddy.”
“Dr. Bruce Banner called me the other day. Told me this ridiculous plan to get at least one of our ‘leaders,’” he air quotes, “out of his slump. I didn’t go along with it at first, but I got another call from Rhodes today. He says their side worked.”
His dad sighed and went to sit on the bed with him. “Because he hurt this family. Before we got you and he’s not such a nice guy.”
“No, you’re puny,” the girl says. “And you have two dads so there’s no milk to make you big and strong like me.” She leans in and takes one of Peter’s carrot sticks. He wishes he had someone with him now. He feels his throat constrict.
Strange stands there and hums. He is not mad or surprised at Tony’s outburst and he seemed to expect Tony’s short temper.
"A sandwich my Uncle Clint makes me. He says it's good for the colon," Peter snickered.
The next couple of guests were Bruce, Jane and Thor plus entourage, and Clint, who said he did not need an invite because he would just follow Bruce.
“I will allow it and you must promise not to interfere. Otherwise, I cannot be sure of the results.”
Nothing. Light and faces pass in Stephen’s vision, until a night when another man, who looks similar to the father, standing out of the car and talking to a frightened youth. Peter squirms in his seat and uses his hands to unbuckle and hide under the seat. A sound he does not know but fears rings out in the boy’s ears, and then more lights.
“I apologize. What I mean to say is that perhaps Peter’s parents had given him similar instructions as a last request. Most children would not withstand weekly injections from premature birth to when they ended. This is not guarantee, but a theory. I must speak to Peter and ascertain what has been done. This will take some time and I will need your explicit consent.”
“Well, kid, that’s not true. You see, I’ve done some terrible things to good people. You shouldn’t even be here.”
8: 08 a.m. close your eyes.
Loki must be under a delusion. He is many adjectives; “nice” is the furthest and “damn” begins each one.
“Jules, thought you had other plans,” says Stark.
“Then where are they,” Peter says. A thought, old and distant comes to Peter. “Are they…do they not want me….” He sniffs. “Aunt May gave me away…do—”
“I can’t. I owe Bucky my friendship. He wasn’t supposed to be in battle anymore. He was supposed to be home, safe.  I won’t fight him for what they made him do.” Steve turns to Barnes kneeling and nursing his sparkling shoulder. “I won’t fight you. But, Buck, they’re my life. Tony and Peter are my life. I won’t lose them to this.”
“You’re right,” she says. “We’ll give Loki hell to pay.”
“Oh, Odin save me,” he says.
Bucky stood, his anger in full force.
Steve picks him up in his arms.
“Be that as it may, it is considered an insult in Asgard to keep births
“What should we do next?” asks Dad.
Peter looks at her. She has a pinched nose, like the old board men daddy complains about.
Bucky looks at Steve unwavering.
“Peter,” Steve says. “Go with your daddy. I need to talk to these two. Later, we have some stuff to talk about.”
"And, this big oaf fell in love with me. As I did." Loki leaned closer to Steve. "I was a runt. Embarrassment of my father and brothers. Left for dead if not for the care of Bestla, my old nan."
Cut him loose before he sees the monster Howard left.
“’s fine, kid. I know a trick for hiccups,” says a voice.
Suddenly, a video feed fired up. Tony gaped at seeing a grainy image of Steve outside his mansion.
“I know you care,” Jane said, smiling sweetly. “However, Fury and Coulson, maybe Natasha, have to come and trust those two with a child first before anything gets out.”
“Why?” he asks.
“Sweet. You know Tony, Pepper and I still haven’t gotten your RSVP,” Happy said, making sure Peter was settled in the Benz with Pooh-JARVIS.
Peter was bored just sitting. Happy nodded to all being said, but even pops could tell nothing went through. Peter looked to Mr. Sam. Mr. Sam was talking to someone on the phone in hushed tones.
“Can I speak now?” he asks.
Bucky bites his lower lip. This is not right.
“I’m taking Bucky out to lunch. We’ll bring you back something,” Sam says in a pleading tone.
“Wait! Barnes, I gotta pay the tab first.”
Each man puts an arm over Peter, holding and holding each other.
“Precious little one, do not fear. My King is simply joyous to know such warriors have a young heir interested in Asgard,” Frigga finished and held out her hand.
“I can’t say I’m not happy for you,” Pepper says stilted. “But, how could you do this to a kid?”
“No,” Steve says and grabs Tony. The man is ready to jump and Steve wants to see this through.
“I think we’re going in circles,” Steve interjects before Tony opens his mouth again. “If Nat thinks he can help, and Fury advised her to tell us, then we need to listen to him.”
“Trying something new,” Bucky said and gestured to the trimmed beard.
Loki rolled to face Peter as he made paper people.
“You sure he’s able to find everything?” Bruce asked.
“Are you on some high from a
“Yes,” Sif said, groaning. “All this time and the child was safe and on his way to the palace. Let’s us return before their supper is done. I am famished.”
A sound came through, one that made a similar noise to sighing in exaggeration. Tony should look into changing JARVIS’s personality type. Something less fussy British.
“Peter’s fine. He’s-he’s smart…..”
“He is a lovely child,” Strange says.
“We were lucky at all to get Peter in school this year.”
Tony smirked.
Steve rubs his temples and sighs. Peter did not ask for powers. Peter was going to die. What did he do? He desperately wished to fight in a war and make a difference, at the cost of a normal life. And Peter is just a boy who does not even know what’s been done to him. He has an unhealthy fear of needles and will not spear more than three words.
“But papa,” Alaric says. “Are not the royal family entertaining?”
“He’s not dead,” Bruce says. “Tired. Won’t sleep unless I slip him something and barely eats. The new A.I., FRIDAY, is doing okay. She’s almost as punctual as you and….”
Next is Thor and Jane.
“I will, daddy,” Peter says. Peter squeezes his dad’s hand. Pops has not come back home from his mission in D.C. and it makes dad sad. Peter looks up at his daddy. His sun glasses are blue today, but it makes Peter think of how red his eyes are under them. Daddy’s spending a lot of time in his workshop. He stopped letting Peter in. Peter feels a squeeze from daddy.
He steps in, careful to avoid the skateboard. He’s been teaching Peter the basics and it helps that the parks are empty. Steve stands to kiss his husband and then hold him.
Captain America’s eyes widened within his cowl and he sprinted to Thor at the end of the gate. Heimdall breathed easy again.
"What?"
“No, no. Tony no. Honey—”
Rhodes rubs his temples. He looks at Bruce again.
It starts as a trickle which becomes a roar when the students chant along. Peter swallows and runs.
Tony stretched and checked his email. There was an E-vite. From Bruce and Clint.
“Yeah, well, maybe Rogers had more to do with it,” Wilson says. He backs slightly closer to Steve. “I’m gonna just out and say it: kids kinda scare me.”
“Peter! Puny God has Peter!” Hulk screams.
Sif walked for a bit, until she felt eyes on her. They were above her. With practice and ease, Sif jumped up and brought her rapier forth—
Phil Coulson sat down in front of Director Fury. SHIELD had taken on a more cloak and dagger operation since the HYDRA discovery, but it was still an agency meant for good. That is why even as they both sat in a nondescript student coffee shop out near Columbia University Phil still saw Fury as the director.
Thor would have loved to investigate, but he instead sent Fandral and Lady Sif to do so; Hogun had diplomats to settle.
“It’s good,” he said. He did not lie. The face was right, if importunate to his eyes and nose. It showed his long hair flowing and falling into his face and the stubble on his chin. The eyes were awkward, but the right shade of Bucky’s brown shade. And the expression…did he look so melancholy.
“What was the child wearing, Your Grace?” Jane asked with the grace of a queen.
“We have to, I’m Best Maid.”
Jane nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s me, gorgeous,” he said.
Tony swallows again.
Yes it has been a while. And not, this is not fluffy like I intended. I am sorry. My aunt has been sick and I've been taking care of her. So most of my stories are on the back burner. I will attempt more frequent updates of my long stories, but also quite a few one-shots.
Fandral enjoyed women, no secret. Sif had seen him in many an affair and triangle. But the man was uneasy with children. As was her; although Sif hid it better than Fandral.
Tony could replace; Bucky clenched his fists. The metal one made a screech.
Steve burrowed deeper in the covers, stench of his own unwashed body wafting to him. He did not care. Nor about the scratchy sting of his beard. He sighed to allow his morning hell to begin.
Peter shuffled on his feet. The smile Mr. Coulson gave Peter was the one his dad told him to be wary of; it was tight and his brow was furrowed. Peter gripped his lunch tin. Mr. Coulson stepped out of the car and kneeled down to Peter's height.
I WANT TO MEET THEM. MR. WILSON SOUNDS COOL AND DADDY LIKES
Peter watched his dad mutter between pacing in the hotel bedroom. His dad had a worried look, which frightened Peter a bit. Dad was never really worried, unless there was a crisis, like when those men tried to take Peter and Uncle Bruce turned into the Green Man. Peter bit his lip. That experience was not as scary because the Green Man had been nice to him and his dad, whose leg was broken. The Green Man helped them and smiled at Peter. Later, Uncle Bruce had been ashamed, but Peter told him he liked the Green Man.
The rest of the trip was silence.
"Tomorrow I will come visit you and everyday until I have news of the travelers," he declares. It is not a complete lie.
“Bucky….” He cannot breathe. “Please. Lie to me. Tell me it’s a fucking sick joke. Buck?”
They follow them because they do not have anything else; Steve looks around the house and is happy Tony does not fight it. They would get lost in here for days.
did not show up. She looks at Tony, who is still in his sleepwear and navy robe. The boy, Peter, has not appeared.
The two heroes creep out of their bedroom to Peter’s down the hall.
“He’s gone,” Tony said.
Strange has led them to a large, ornate office library. An oak desk sits in the middle with a leather chair Steve’s seen in retro-fit stores. A globe stands off to the side with a needle moving it, like a gramophone, and the room is well lit despite only having a fire place.
Bruce feels Peter jump in his lap. He did that too upon hearing the Irish lilt of a woman’s voice.
The man feels Hulk’s ire build but quells it. He cannot scare the boy if he’s to carry him out of here.
Tony exhales. “I am aware,” he says. They leave Peter to his sleep and start their night ablutions.
"Yes, I do." He leans forward a self-satisfied look on his face. "Permit me to tell you a story. There was a family so revered in their status that no wrong could be seen with them. That is until their eldest daughter, Hela, tried to rule the land with an iron blade. She was defeated by a Valkyrie and hung. But the blame went to her father, Odin, who was cast out with his second young wife bearing a child. The child was named Thor. Years later, Thor attempted to reclaim his family's honor. It had been his great grandfather Bor who killed the first frost giant with a hammer made from dwarf metal. That was where the family legacy began. Thor, idiot he was, thought if he could kill one giant then the deeds of his elder sister would be forgotten."
“I don’t have time to shave it all off or go to a barber,” he said. Steve returned to his dresser and started to take out clothes.
“Tell her it’s swell,” Steve says.
“I know too far,” Bruce says.
A normal life? Who wants that? Steve returns to his computer and sighs. The email still has not sent.
didn’t bring a present,” he retorted.
Banner also gets lost until he finds out it was Peter’s choice.
“Yours,” says Steve.
Bruce’s heart monitor peaks a bit in the black SUV. He glances at Peter’s red face in the mirror. The boy has not stopped crying. He also chances a look at Agent Coulson. The man agreed to help, but Bruce like with Natasha cannot be sure if he has an ulterior reason. The agent seems too blasé to be stuck in a car in Manhattan with a mutated spider kid and the Hulk. Bruce takes his fire breaths to let it go.
"I can speak," he chokes out. "The language has not changed." Steve takes a breath. "What are you?"
“Look what you’ve done,” Tony says. His voice sounds foreign. “You son of a bitch. That—that freak killed my mom. I don’t care that his brain was fucking scrambled. He killed her! My mother Steve. You were there. At their funeral.”
"I am sorry to unload that on you," Anthony says. "But as I said, it has been ages."
Phil just stares mouth open. Fury rolls his eye at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“….oh. Yeah. We-we had some stuff,” Steve says.
“Extra cookies,” Peter says shyly.
Gwen giggled. "My dad can only make PB&J and maybe ham, but he puts too much mustard on it," she said with a scrunched face. "Mom's been busy at work and dad's the only one in the mornings. My brothers and me are not allowed to take stuff out of the fridge anymore."
"Yes," answered Peter.
Jane manhandled Thor out of the room into the second one and said, “Okay, so this my fault for not telling you sooner, but Fury and Coulson need to be in the dark about anything involving and his powers,” she whispered the last part.
Bucky smokes rings into the hallway.
"Anthony," he calls from below.
“Go ahead.”
“Goddammit! Bucky! No, no, no, no, no, no,” Steve chants.
“It’s dinner too,” Rhodes says.
Steve comes to life.
“How could you do that to a child?” Tony croaked.
“And next to Steve you’re one of the few who can get Tony to listen when he’s like this,” Bruce says. His heart monitor picks up, but slows. “Look, blaming won’t help us. I just need you as a distraction.”
Sam stares because he cannot even take a sip yet from his mug because of the heat.
“From what I can gather, Dr. Parker was able to get the notebook of Dr. Erskine, from a private vault. And he took all the spiders because they did not have any adverse effects. The lizards,” Bruce says, putting his glasses in place. “That strand of DNA could have mutated the subject further, making the cells exactly like that of a reptile.”
Peter’s things are grabbed and he is holding out his hand. Mr. Sam takes it and grumbles all the way back, running into Rhodey and his pops.
Captain America sighed and side kicked his next attacker.
Tony stops at Coulson’s raised hand.
TO COMPLAIN ABOUT
Tony opens his mouth and the straw enters. He sucks to find his mouth full of the mixture. It must be Gatorade because it has a non-flavor flavor. Tony takes a few gulps  his mouth is impossibly dry.
The rounds go as such: Barton (Greggor Mendel), Tony (Evil Kenevil), Peter (Amelia Earhart), Rhodes (Buster Keaton), Wilson, then Steve, and finally Banner as Curious George.
"And I am known the Willow Man. You can call me Anthony," he says.
A shadow covers them. Steve looks up. His breath is taken away by the visage of Tony. Tony kneels down and pats Peter’s back.
“I’m here because you’re an idiot.”
The elevator doors ping and Pepper steps out. At this hour, Steve should be in the gym or a run, and Tony’s in bed. She removes her stilettos to walk quietly down the hall. Before entering the “chamber of hot and ready love” as Tony so lovingly proclaimed it, Pepper pauses and glances at the door across the hall. A heavy weight settles in her; how badly these two wanted a child. Pepper sighs and enters.
“I’m sorry, Pops,” Peter whispers.
He snatched it and, rocking Peter, began to hush the five year old. Peter’s sobs changed to sniffles as Tony soothed him. Bruce stood amazed. Yes, he never doubted Tony Stark could raise a kid, but witnessing it firsthand was incredible. The man in front of him could not be the same self-centered but lovable ass. Tony was committed to Peter and him alone in this moment.
“No, but noting changes that I
Captain America dodged incoming bullets as another rogue came barreling toward him. He waited until just in time and threw the man off to the side. Just then, Black Widow chimed in: “I’m proud of moy malen'kiy pauk, but don’t you and Tony think you should wait?”
Steve let's go and smiles sadly. It is too old and ancient to cut down this willow. If it has survived this long then he will not be the one to fell it
“I’m not leaving until we clear the air.”
“Maybe. I know Wilson’s out.”
Sam feels his stomach drop when he realizes what she meant.
"Will you come down today?" Steve asks, pretending to ignore the flinch in Anthony. "I brought a blanket and some refreshment for this to be a proper picnic."
The caravan to Steve is a bad omen. Travellers have come to the village. Romani by the looks of them. He blends in the background and listens to a bulking brute tell stories to the children of frost giants with the slender man next to him scoffing. They must from the Nordic lands. To the further end, a deaf archer shoots his arrows directly unto the apple on a red headed woman's head. The crowd cheers. Steve makes eye contact with the woman. Her shrewd eyes catch him. He turns back to the brute and slender man arguing over if the giants are monsters or misunderstood.
“Oh, God, oh, God. No, no, no,” she repeats. Happy comes to hug her and Pepper’s tear are absorbed into his Giorgio Armani suit. A present from Tony.
“Room is clear,” he announced over the comms, already moving to retrieve his shield.
"Okay, I'm going to follow you, and then will you come to my office for some coffee after? You must have nearly had a heart attack spinning out. The shock might hit you later, and you shouldn't be alone."
“I’m sorry, Tony,” he said.
Bruce had been nodding along slowly as Tony spoke, and now he leaned forward to rest his forearms on the table between them.
“Remind me never to sign up for a mission on Christmas again,” Tony groaned as he eased his way back under the blankets. He settled in a few feet away from the small mountain of fabric surrounding Steve, only to wince when a spring in the couch connected with his bruised tailbone. “I’m getting too old for this.”
“Stark,” Steve greeted him.
There was a pause, during which the only sound was the horrible beep of the heart monitor, broadcasting Steve’s racing pulse across the room.
“Like I told you, darling,” Tony said, smiling as he nestled his chin into Steve’s hair. “I’m already home.”
“Couldn’t stay away, of course,” Tony smirked at him. “When did I hook you? Was it the Joe McCarthy line? I won't tell the Bureau about your secret copies of
Things had been rough since the botched rescue mission. Natasha, Bruce, and Thor hadn’t had much more success in Toronto than the extraction team had had in Jersey. Agent Ward had downloaded some encrypted files while Natasha distracted a room of security guards, but most of the information he’d grabbed had turned out to be garbled nonsense. On the other hand, the away team had at least managed to run their op without racking up any casualties. That must be why they had decided to divide and shock-absorb for those who hadn’t been so lucky. Natasha had been sparring with Steve in the gym to keep him from breaking his fists against another set of punching bags or running the entire coast of New York. Thor seemed to be taking Clint on a tour of all the diviest bars in the metro area, encouraging him to throw himself into darts rather than off roofs. So it had fallen to Bruce to keep Tony company in his workshop. And, presumably, to stop Tony from going back on TV and inviting the Mandarin once again to “come at him.”
“Oh yeah, solider? What’s that?” Tony asked, his voice teasing, and God, Steve wanted to say anything other than the words he had planned.
“Yeah,” Steve smiled. “Me too.”
“Stakeout,” Tony grinned.
“You’ve got good taste,” Tony said finally, his voice coming out a little huskier than he had intended.
Tony hiked his bag higher on his shoulder. "Yeah, I don't think you're exactly her type," he muttered.
“Surviving together.”
If he did, Grant would probably come storming into his office all huffy and demand to take him to the hospital for a head injury anyway. Tony went straight to the Fine Arts building, his burning need to recover his file folder knocked sideways out of his head by the near crash, and found Dr. Grant's office.
Steve realized he had been staring at the nervous, precise way Tony’s fingers beat out the tempo of his thoughts, always just a bit faster than his words. He tore his eyes away, only to notice that Ward had been watching
Steve replaced his gun in its holster so he could climb down the ladder. Once he made it to the bottom, he paused to grip the side rail, holding it steady as Tony followed him.
“You called the clerk at the desk a ‘narrow-minded stooge, licking the boots of a backwater bureaucracy,’” Tony pointed out mildly.
“FitzSimmons, what’s happening?” May snapped.
Tony must have misinterpreted the source of Steve’s furrowed brow, because as he plunged on, his voice sounded just a bit more strained.
“I see we’ve moved on to the non-verbal phase of the judgment process,” Tony muttered.
Steve and Tony straightened carefully, and Steve stepped into position on Iron Man’s foot as Tony’s arm wrapped around his waist.
“You’re right: this can’t happen,” Tony retorted. “Because I’m not going to lose tens of thousands of dollars in charitable donations to a full-building lockdown every time you lose track of me for a few minutes. The shooter’s dead, Rogers. Were you planning on hovering over my shoulder until his soul clears purgatory?”
something yelled back in his head, and he wanted to: God, he wanted to. From somewhere ahead of him he heard a distorted noise, which could have been a yell or another collapsing wall. His legs thrashed out toward it, his right hand clawing at the rail, and then everything went dark.
“Yes, your majesty,” Rhodes replied, clapping one fist to his chest and bowing at the waist.
"Shhh." James reached back and gave Tony's wrist a comforting squeeze. He stepped out into the hallway and made a beeline for the door to the stairwell, but just as they were approaching it, the door banged out, and at least eight men in tac-gear with masks on burst through the door, guns-first.
He was going to figure this out, but Tony was also pretty sure that if he ran into Dr. Grant one more goddamn time this week, he was going to lose it.
Sending love and tears to everyone mourning the devastating loss of Chadwick Boseman.
“Tony,” Rhodey’s voice greeted him a moment later. “I swear to God if this is another ‘would you rather fight one bear-sized raccoon or four raccoon-sized bears’ phone call…”
“Yep, you got it, gum drop,” Tony replied absently, already picking up speed on his way over to the Fine Arts building. “Nothing stupid. Definitely dropping it.”
"I have that honors student of yours, Ms. Lewis, in one of my classes," Dr. Grant said, slightly awkwardly.
He made his way out from behind the desk and began to move toward the back of the building in a slow but determined totter, waving Tony along with one hand.
“Well if it isn’t America’s favorite PSA,” Tony quipped acidly to cover his reaction. “You here to give me the ‘look what you’re doing to your mother’ speech? I should warn you that mixing alcohol and parental disappointment has not worked out well for me in the past.”
“Even though I stole your keys?” Tony grimaced.
“No you aren’t, you asshole,” Tony rolled his eyes.
“Bucky stop! It’s me!” Steve shouted.
The lobby was deserted, the only sound the slow wail of the fire alarm. Steve paused for only a cursory scan before he headed for the stairwell, taking the steps two at a time, gun at the ready. As he neared the fourth floor, the air thickened with haze, and Steve could see a steady stream of smoke pouring out from underneath the door to their hallway. He was about to reach for the handle when he heard a muffled shout from above, and his heart did a horrible, hopeful leap in his chest: a shout meant a struggle, but a struggle meant that Tony was still alive. It meant that Steve might still be in time. Pulse pounding in his ears, he sprinted the last set of stairs, took a deep breath, and cracked the door slowly open.
Tony took the long way around to the locker rooms, checking out the legs attached to the ass as he walked by. Shorts just short enough to be a teasing invitation revealed thighs that could crush a watermelon and calves that could make a drunk man cry. Not that Tony had ever cried over calves while drunk, but he'd never been wasted around these before.
Finally they’d all gravitated to the common room: less because they actually hoped that watching
“One,” Ward counted calmly.
The results had been borderline inedible. And even though the sight of Tony doubled over with laughter when Steve finally fessed up had thawed out a part of his heart he hadn’t even known was still on ice, the experience of eating a holiday dinner in which half the dishes tasted like over-starched socks forced even Steve to admit that the prank had been a bit of a Pyrrhic victory.
Steve was reaching down and peeling off his undershirt and sweater in one smooth motion.
“I love what’s attached too,” he finished. “I love all of you. And I couldn’t keep pretending I didn’t want the whole thing.”
“Of the eye-patch-wearing, trench-coat-swirling variety?”
“That must give you a lot of lurking grounds,” Wanda observed.
Steve reached down to pull his phone out of his pocket, flicked his fingers across the screen, and slid it across the table. Tony saw that it was open to the very earliest messages on the group text. The first three were from Tony: a link to a feature story about the Battle of New York that contained a clip of the Hulk punching Thor; a video of a hawk making a clumsy landing; a photo of the take-out menu for Thai Palace with the caption “next time Romanov has to order her own spring rolls.” After that the team had started chiming in: Natasha with a GIF of someone making a stabbing motion with scissors, and Clint with a text that said, “drubk on roof bring cheeetos.” Finally, the first photo from Steve appeared. He was lying in the grass, head propped against a bunched-up sweatshirt, holding a bag of Cheetos. “Hope someone saved Clint,” the caption read.
“Don’t tell.”
“Baby Moses,” Steve says before Tony can reactivate the armor.
“What?”
Steve got to leave, but stopped.
"What did he offer?" Steve asked.
They are arguing colors when Peter, being the precocious boy he is, goes to the shining circle and walks in; the door is left open on most occasions because only Thor ventures through it and back.
Peter has never spoken before and he cannot, so he writes and reads.
“Ho! Steve, friend, how can you hide such a boy from us?”
“What?”
“But,” Peter says. He gets off the bench. “Harry said he went here and that he liked it and that he was gonna show me the ropes when I got here. He said he’d be here—”
Volstagg panted as he said, “A child. I am looking for a child.” He then sprinted the rest of the stairs in the direction of the kitchens.
"Why am I here?" he says.
Steve nods.
Ursa snaps and throws the straw at Peter. Peter catches it.
However, he fears what will happen in the morning. Sam had mentioned that Peter should be in school on a Wednesday. Tony said Rhodes was giving him a few worried glances.
No one is there.
“No, I was telling him about you guys.”
“Yeah, it’s beautiful.”
I forgot to mention that this is a time lapse in this. So, it is about two years later and Peter is eight. Banner has a better relationship with him because of the attempted kidnapping and everything else I hope is clear. Also, I don't do action well and so it is skipped.
“Sshh, I’m trying to say that bad people do good things for the wrong reasons. Bucky may seem okay now, but he is not trustworthy.” His dad sniffed and laid Peter on the bed. His eyes were red. “Enough of this grown-up stuff. Go to sleep and dream of the beach.”
Jane rolled her eyes, but smiled. Dr. Selvig shrugged and brought a bag to the table. Thor cleared his throat and the room was on him.
The other thing Tony loved was that Steve could say something so simple and powerful to make him cry again and feel more human.
“I take personal offense to that,” Master Tony grumbles.
“Call me every day; have your dads read the signs. And don’t forget, I’m gonna bring you back something from our trip to the Caymens and then something cooler from Brazil. And-and we can go to the skate park and see who wins at speeds and if you can do your new trick,” Harry continued in this monologue as Peter nodded to it.
Bucky opens his mouth but Steve is already in the en suite shower. Water runs and Bucky hears the man go under with no fuss.
Afterwards, the bullying gets worse. Peter takes it. He sees it is the only time Ursa smiles.
Next to them was a stump covered in vines and buds. Papa said that the flowers would bloom this eve.
The room is opulent as expected and their bags are waiting for them.
Bruce take three fire breaths. He’s learned the Big Guy can pop out if there’s a threat and to squash it he needs to breathe and not feel threatened. Logically, Rhodes’ anger is at Tony’s A+ parenting on how to handle Peter and whatever the hell happened in D.C.-none of them have the details-and he, like Bruce, is concerned for a friend and the wellbeing of the child. Bruce’s breaths finish.
Steve balls his fist. No matter, more information is required. For now, an olive branch must be given.
Like I said, I am posting whenever I have something done. I hope to have another chapter this weekend, but who knows.
That is when he noticed the absence of Peter. Volstagg is not even sure how the boy got away or where. The doors and columns were high and no mere mortal could pass them. He then reminded himself of how Peter was the son of Avengers.
In the background, JARVIS wishes to roll non-existent eyes. For another error must be fixed and he is not too glad to speak to Agent Carter.
Hildy is the one to recognize the symbols.
“Peter, he’s one of our guests. Don’t you want to say hello?” Steve cooed.
The day of the party arrives and Steve is standing tall. Tony can see the small tremors going through his husband’s body. They invited Fury and Coulson.
“Yes. I know it’s against protocol and probably the law, but I just needed to tell those people what a mistake they were making.” He stops. “I tried to tell the Captain that it wouldn’t work overseas. Sir, I have never hated myself more than that moment.”
Steve wants to see it after a night of passion.
“Then why risk it!” Tony yelled. He glanced at the door. Peter had not emerged.
A honk alerted Peter to Happy--It was not his daddy's car. The door opened to reveal Mr. Coulson and another man in all black with the SHIELD logo.
He reached out for Bucky’s metal arm. He jerked and took the small limb into his flesh hand.
They get three dogs. Plain with ketchup for Peter, fully loaded with chilly for Pops, and Dad gets his with extra sauerkraut. A coke, a bottled water, and a small apple juice are added too as they find a shady bench to sit on. Again, Peter is between his parents. He leans closer to Pops because he has been too far away. Pops places his big hand on Peter’s head and ruffles it.
Daddy walks Peter to the door. The academy is huge and has lots of shrubbery around it. Peter giggles at the word. The new uniform shirt is stiff in the collar. Peter pulls at it to loosen.
The cute waitress returns and asks, “Can I interests you in dessert?” She looks directly at Bucky. Sam shakes his head at the poor girl’s flirting.
"Thank you," Anthony says. There is a reverence to it. Steve sees the deep want and hope in his Willow Man. For Anthony, this is not just a nice treat. It is an offering of friendship and hope for the future where he is not alone, where others like him will come. Steve sees this all in the man's face and as he takes his first bite jam sticking to his sumptuous lips.
“It is so bad to hope you’d choose me,” Bucky says.
A man stood off to the side discussing with Tony; he looked related to the little boy.
“Peter.” Tony grips his shoulder. “I know all that. We’ll have to….see about this later.”
“That was awkward. I think it’s time to eat rich free food in a fancy room,” Darcy announced.
“What happened?”
Thor held up his hand. “You have mine and the room’s attention. Now, Volstagg, who is that boy?”
Peter was born three months before his due date. He was less than a pound and five inches. And blind with possible deafness. The records end there until a year later where Peter is noted as a healthy, normal baby with near sightedness and asthma. The rest are marked classified, until Peter is under Ben Parker’s care.
Volstagg looks around like the boy, but he sees no one searching for a lost child.
“Acne?”
I think this is the longest chapter I have written for this work. I thought of making it into two, but Loki will be in the next chapter, so I decided not to give him three chapters. And yes, Loki is a bit OOC. Also I had some trouble making Happy's character, which is why Pepper's pov is used for the wedding.  If anyone is confused about time, well, Peter was gone for about two days or so, and the night of the wedding reception is a flashback. This chapter is a bit non-linear.
“Pepper!” Tony runs in and Pepper waits for him.
Peter stares at the empty seat next to Tony. The man knows what his child wants to ask. He’s grateful Peter’s intuitive and smart enough to stay quiet for the moment. He cannot explain what is happening yet. He needs time to iron out the details and find a lawyer for Steve who can represent him. God knows, the man won’t unless it’s Agent Coulson. Tony is sure Coulson’s qualified to be an attorney. The plane lifts off and soon they’ll be back in Manhattan. Tony will put Peter to bed and read him a story from Aesop’s fables.
“Anything, Cap.”
“I’ll call him beforehand, but he can give you a place to stay and some others who can help.”
“Fury knows the consequences!” Steve slams the work table. Indents of his fist are left and the tools have scattered to the floor.
“Sure,” Bruce says.
“Daddy,” Peter said. His voice hurt a bit and water did not help.
RHODEY.
“We’ve got him,” Steve whispers.
“We’re in lockdown, JARVIS. That means no distractions or stripper-grams.”
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose.
“We need to talk,” he says. Bucky looks up at him like it is painful.
“I remember,” Steve says. “How can I forget? I know what you’re feeling now Tony—”
The second day of having the Stark child is uneventful as the day before. Peter has remained compliant and shown Loki his powers. They are arachnid in nature and a bit of that serum the Good Captain had taken. Nothing else is to be done until Loki can find a practical training place. This cabin is nice to hide, but he has neighbors none too far off.
“Dr. Banner,” Coulson interjects. “Shall we proceed?”
“Hmm-hm, but I can’t know for sure until I have some of Peter’s blood.”
“We’re not asleep, Green Jolly,” Tony says. Peter gets up and runs, probably smelling the Thai fried rice, and Tony stretches getting out the small bed. Bruce watches him, he knows, but for now he is stretching.
“I’m CEO of a Fortune 500 company and I live in a Central Park penthouse with Sarah Jessica Parker as my neighbor, and I’m still his assistant,” Pepper mutters. She looks down at her key card, the only one which opens all the floors and entrusted to her and few others. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“I killed Tony’s parents.”
"Come back. Please don't leave me alone," Anthony keened.
Steve walked through the east woods, sword hilted and shield on his back. His path ahead aimless for the sunny day. To him it seemed too sunny. Too much life. Peculiar how one becomes accustomed to death in a few short years.
“I admit I had anticipated Stark would come alone,” Zemo’s voice had announced, as Steve, Tony, Clint, and Natasha made their way below deck. “The best way to destroy a team is from within. Isn’t that right, Captain Rogers? It starts with something small: a secret, kept from someone who trusted you, causes a rift, and then when the threat comes, you are not where you needed to be. This is what I imagined, anyway. If the mercenaries tracking the Winter Soldier had ended up killing Captain America in Romania, or – what was more likely – if I had taken Iron Man and returned him to you in pieces – either way it would have destroyed whoever survived.”
“Tony,” he said, his voice thick, “I have to tell you something.”
“I’m sorry,” he managed, his voice thick in his throat. “Tony, I’m so sorry. What I did…I could have gotten you killed.”
“Tony,” Steve said, and Tony could feel the pressure of his gaze building on the back of his neck, “what do you mean ‘handled’?”
The problem was that the discovery of his father’s notebook had made the web of connections between Tony’s data points seem even denser than he’d imagined. Howard’s notes were often frustratingly short on narrative detail, but Tony had been able to piece together a few bits of information to add to the whiteboard propped against the back wall, which now read:
“Will you just pony up, Rogers?” Tony growled, biting the side of his cheek to keep back the grin that threatened to take over his face whenever Steve put on his “aww shucks” act.
Tony stacked one coffee cup on the other to push open the door to Smith Library. He tried to wrangle his phone out of his pocket to check the time without knocking his bag off his shoulder as he wiggled through the broken turnstile, but the coffee tower threatened to collapse, so he gave up with a frustrated huff. He wrapped his hand around the seam between the two cups and tipped them both up so he could take a sip off the top one. It was too hot, but the psychosomatic response to the caffeine still felt like a light switch flipping on.
“We don’t know each other very well, Dr. Stark,” Coulson continued. “But I don’t judge you to be the kind of man who tells tales about his colleagues out of school. So I’m going to go out on a limb here and guess that you might have more pressing things on your mind than your colleague’s classroom performance - like, I don’t know, just to introduce an example chosen entirely at random: finishing the research talk you’re scheduled to give around this time next week?”
Tony broke off, unable to complete the sentence. Steve was watching him steadily, his body completely still as if he feared any sudden movement might startle Tony out of talking.
“Look, this isn’t really your call, okay –”
Just as Steve was formulating that thought, two things happened in quick succession: Tony walked through another of the metal doorways, and a deafening noise erupted through the hall. Steve reached out to steady himself against the wall as shockwaves rumbled through the floor beneath them. Zemo must have blown the explosive. A second rush of sound followed: a dull roar of flooding water that was coming far too fast.
There, on the screen, helicopters were firing on Tony’s house. Bullets shattered the windows, missiles hewed giant chunks off the cliff foundations, and then the whole house was plummeting into the ocean.
“Probably-soon-but-definitely-not-yet-Agent Skye has been tracing broadcast signals to help us get a lock on possible locations for the Mandarin’s hideouts,” Fury cut in. A personnel file was suddenly projected over the table, accompanied by the photo of a young man with curly brown hair and wire-rimmed glasses. “Agent Harrison was on assignment monitoring the Mandarin’s network, but he went missing shortly after his first report, and we suspect that he may have been taken for interrogation. We need to extract him, and Skye has been identifying our targets.”
Ty — and now what if he thinks I only wanted to come here so I could hook up with someone?”
The name rasped in his throat, the syllables catching and snagging on a hatchwork of torn tissue.
“Even though you had to crawl down a flight of stairs through a trail of what you thought was my blood?”
At first, Steve had expected to be called in at any moment. The two locations they had infiltrated during their last mission had since been abandoned, but SHIELD had been scrambling for fresh leads, anticipating increased activity as Fury failed to hand over the TAHITI files. Steve asked the team to be ready to assemble as soon as SHIELD found a target, so they spent a lot of time doing light training exercises and sifting through their daily briefings.
Steve walked over to put Tony’s coffee on the table and then felt his breath catch in his throat when Tony reached out and took the mug from his hand instead.
“Tony,” Steve sighed.
“And you still need to,” Steve said, his mind suddenly catching up to their situation. “Tony, there’s a good chance there are more agents searching the other floors. I’m not going to be able to move as quickly now. I need you to –”
"Look, I'm friends with the head librarian," Tony went on, "and the budget here is a five-dollar gift card to Buck Mart and a package of stale saltine crackers. She'd be the first to admit it's not deserving of a shush."
“Did you actually equip them with audio sensors? Or are you just grandstanding?” Rhodey asked.
“This is your fault,” he muttered to Bruce.
Steve swallowed heavily, not sure if he was fighting the urge to step out of Tony’s space or further into it. At this range, the series of expressions that flitted across Tony’s face was almost dizzying, and with his nerves still on fire from the frenzied search at the gala, Steve felt momentarily like he was swaying on the edge of a cliff.
Steve shook his head to clear the memory, giving himself a mental kick when he saw how intently Natasha was watching him.
“I could say this isn’t personal, Rogers, but to tell you the truth I asked for this assignment.”
Tony looked back at James and just had time to register that he was somehow holding his own against four of the men - though he was still far too far away to do anything for Tony - before the butt of a gun appeared in Tony's peripheral vision and cracked against his head.
“So many times I’ve failed to be fast enough or sharp enough,” Steve continued, as if Tony hadn’t spoken. “But I won’t let that happen with you. I won’t live without you, Tony.” A horrible parody of his usual soft smile stretched across his face, and Tony felt like some kind of alien insect had crawled under his skin. “Don’t be scared. I’m going to go first, so you don’t have to shoot me.”
“I know, Cap,” Tony said. “I know. Just a minute. Hold on.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered, his voice barely rising above the crackle of wood in the stove, “next Christmas I want to be here, just like this – with you.”
“When they took you, I felt like part of me had been ripped out,” he said. “For a while – after Bucky fell – I didn’t think I could stand to love someone that much again. That’s why I left, after New York. When you went through that portal, I knew I was getting in deep and fast, so I tried to bolt. You could have let me, and then who knows how long it would have taken me to put myself back together. But luckily for me, you never learned how to walk away from a losing battle.”
“Okaaaaaaay,” he said slowly. “A brick wall. Sure: whatever you say.”
Tony looked back at Natasha before responding.
“No, I mean we should split up in a way he won’t expect,” Steve continued. “He could have picked anyone close to you to threaten – Rhodey, Pepper, Happy – but he picked Bucky. That means he wants the two of us to go separate ways. We don’t know what he has planned, but we’ll give ourselves back an edge if we don’t take that bait.”
“Well, I’d like you to stick around,” Tony said finally. He took Steve’s hand in his again, pressing it gently this time as he ran one thumb along the edge of Steve’s palm. Steve let out a gasp in response, and a slow smile spread across Tony’s face. “But I do have one condition: you need to quit.”
“Just bring the cartons,” Natasha suggested, not bothering to lift her head from where it was resting on Bruce’s shoulder. She’d taken a hard fall right before the Code Green, and Steve wasn’t sure Bruce even realized he’d been tracing fractal patterns across her arm ever since she’d flopped down next to him.
Tony paused, then pulled a sleek Stark Phone out of his pocket and held it out toward Steve.
he scribbled furiously on a piece of paper, which he slapped on top of Bruce’s notebook just as the Dean provided the requested information.
Of course, even with (or perhaps because) of their shared predilection for insubordination, the partnership hadn’t always been a smooth fit. Tony’s attention to detail ran hot and cold with an unpredictability that had driven Steve to try everything from herbal teas to his neighbor Sharon’s yoga class: better to hunch his way through sleeping pigeon than to keep grinding his teeth every time he walked into their office and saw a paper-clip replica of the Washington Monument where Tony’s latest case report was supposed to be. And Tony had had to develop a whole new set of distinct eye rolls – ranging in significance from “I knew you’d say that, you corny bastard” to “stop being such a goddamn martyr” – to circumvent Steve’s tendency to dig in deeper the more resistance he faced.
“The mail finally came,” Tony said finally, “and the water bill’s due.”
“And what does it say about us that we bought it?” Bruce added ruefully.
Almost before the doors had closed, Tony had a fist tangled in the front of Steve’s uniform, dragging him forward into a fierce press of lips. Steve wrapped one arm around Tony’s back and wove the other through his hair – scraping at his scalp until he brushed over the place where Tony had almost taken a laser beam to the back of the head, and then he had to clasp the nape of Tony’s neck to stop his fingers from trembling. He was worried about holding Tony too tightly, but Tony pulled him even closer, tangling their legs together and gripping Steve’s shoulders as if he were hanging from a ledge.
Morale seemed to improve after Tony emerged from his workshop, but the team remained on edge as the final days of the Mandarin’s one-week timeline elapsed.
Steve sat up carefully, shifting Natasha’s weight so that her head stayed cradled in the crook of his left arm.
was unwatchably bad or delightfully bad. Steve hadn’t remembered he might cross paths with them on their way to movie night. As if by some unspoken agreement, he and Tony had been taking turns at the team events, but Steve must have gotten so distracted during his run that he’d forgotten to time his return carefully.
"Okay, good. Are you sure you're good to drive? I could drive you in and take a taxi back to get your car."
Steve met Natasha’s gaze and knew from the small pinch around her eyes that she was coming to the same conclusion.
of a stretch to wonder if the prisoners in question could have included members of the 107th.
Tony let out a sigh of relief and pulled him gently to his feet, letting Steve keep pressure on his own side so that they could retrieve their guns. He hovered near Steve as they made their way into the stairwell, one hand ready to grab his shoulder if he needed support.
“I do,” Steve retorted, his voice thick. “I mean, I don’t even know if I can – I don’t know how long I’ll have to live after –”
Steve flushed rapidly, his eyes snapping toward the elevator door. He hit the button for the residential floor, mentally kicking himself for the obvious slip.
“Sleep first,” he agreed, nestling his cheek ever so slightly against the top of Tony’s hair. “And then maybe you can show me that ‘hand of genius’ I’ve heard so much about.”
“30 seconds.”
“Because it’s not worth it, Steve!” Tony yelled. He let out an explosive breath and ran his hand over his face and through his hair.
"You forgot about
do it again if I get the chance.”
“Disastrously poor impulse control,” Tony replied.
“They didn’t make any demands, Cap,” Tony replied, something pulling taut around the edges of his voice. “They were just trying to wound us. Trying to get the Avengers to do something stupid.”
Some actual nervousness seemed to have seeped into Steve’s demeanor. His shoulders had bunched closer to his ears, and his hands were hovering near the sides of his pumpkin. Finally he took a deep breath.
Thank you all for reading and kudos-ing!
“I would do a lot of things differently, Tony, but not this,” Steve said instead. “I would make this choice every time. Now please, go. I told you if someone came for you, we would be there. Let me keep my word this time.”
“The Mandarin is some white dude?” Clint burst out incredulously.
“I know
“Son of a bitch,” he swore, sinking to his knees. His mind buzzed emptily, like a television that had lost its signal and could broadcast nothing but static. Steve advanced a step toward him, and Tony felt himself collapse onto the floor.
“You fucking idiot,” the same voice had greeted him, and Steve looked up to see Tony sitting by his bed, the lines around his eyes drawn tight over a surgical mask. “You’re supposed to be a tactical genius, and you haven’t learned a single new method for containing explosives since basic training in 1943? I’m going to equip your suit with goddamn ballistic plates.”
Tony and Darcy looked up in unison. The extremely unholy love child of protein powder, corsets, and horny homoerotic greek statuary was standing at the end of the row, scowling at them. "This is a library. Would you mind keeping it down?"
With each successive year, the Avengers pumpkin-carving contests had gotten increasingly competitive. Tony supposed he should have seen it coming, really, given the imbalance between their team members’ fine motor skills (literally lethal) and their sense of reasonable perspective (practically incompatible with civilian life). Sure, Thor’s attention usually wandered fairly early in the game, from scooping out seeds to refilling everyone’s beer (the man was a hopeless sucker for pumpkin stout). But Steve was an artist, Bruce worked with delicate lab equipment all day, Clint could bulls-eye a gourd from the length of a football field, and Natasha was like a Renaissance sculptor with a blade.
“I didn’t know what we were dealing with yet,” Steve replied guardedly, still not meeting Tony’s eyes.
“Oh trust me, I know the drill,” Tony agreed, “which is why I did a little preliminary research to get us started. You’ve buried this one very, very deep, so I couldn’t get much.” He tapped a few buttons on his phone, and an image of a medical facility appeared next to the blacked-out files. The examination chair in the middle was empty, but it was surrounded by monitoring equipment, IV tubes, a ventilator, and what looked like an injection gun. “It seems like SHIELD has gotten back into the human experimentation game.”
James seemed torn, looking back in the office then out into the hallway again. "Okay. I think the best move is to get you out. They'll look for me here, so it's not safe to leave you here. Stay close."
particular memory. Maybe the real Steve in his living room sensed some of what was in Tony’s thoughts, because he cleared his throat and set his jaw in determination.
“Could have fooled me,” Tony snipped. “You’re going to pull a muscle holding that judgey glare.”
Steve fought a wave of vertigo, feeling suddenly like he was standing in a muddy tent on the front, staring down Colonel Phillips over another map of what HYDRA had taken from him. He had to grit his teeth to push the scene back, and he found himself grabbing onto the image of Tony opening his eyes on the streets of New York – that one perfect moment when Tony breathed in again.
He held out the disentangled heating coil with a slight smirk. Tony blinked at it for a few moments, and then a broad smile spread across his face, so brilliant that all signs of fatigue momentarily faded away.
“You didn’t mention it was a Stark missile,” Tony pointed out after a pause. When Steve looked over in surprise, he saw Tony’s lips had twisted into an ironic smile. “The army tried to bury that incident report you wrote, but I found it the day after we hired you. I wasn’t stalking: I promise. I just had to double check that you weren’t out for revenge – which would have been understandable, by the way.”
Okay, so…that could have been a complete coincidence. Steve clearly hadn’t meant to imply anything. And now he was probably embarrassed because he didn’t want Tony to get the wrong idea. Or maybe it was just like – a little crush. The pants thing. Tony had very well-made pants, and Steve had noticed. But Steve was definitely not signaling that he wanted anything from Tony, because now he clearly looked like he wanted to bolt out of the room and never return. Speaking of which, Tony should probably be saying something and not just sitting there staring.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” she murmured.
“You can get in line,” Clint muttered. Then he threw them both a mock salute. “Good luck, kids. And remember: margarita time waits for no man. Don’t make me send May to collect you.”
On the far side of the hall, Jasper Sitwell’s hand shot up, and Tony let out an involuntary groan which he hastily stifled with another cube of pilfered cheddar.
What Carter had left behind in her donation was hardly a mountain of evidence, but it was surely enough to suggest that Steve Rogers
He could have sworn that he’d heard his partner’s voice a moment earlier, followed by something that sounded horribly like a gunshot. Fighting down the panicked hammering of his heart, Steve trotted in the direction of the sound. He had barely cleared the door to the next room when he stumbled to a stop, feeling like he’d taken a pile driver to the chest. Because Tony was lying slumped on his side, a horrible red stain seeping over his shirt.
Steve rolled his eyes and tossed a packet of soy sauce at Tony’s head.
The second time…well, Steve would have said the second time was his fault too – though he supposed the rest of the team would blame the extremists who tried to kidnap the governor. Clint had just started basting the turkey when the “Assemble” alarm went off, and the team had to pile in the Quinjet to deal with a hostage situation at the capitol. It should have been an easy job – in and out with plenty of time to take the butter for the piecrust out of the freezer – but then one of the extremists had pulled the pin on a grenade just yards away from a state senator’s eight-year-old son, and four hours later Steve was waking up in the burn unit at Walter Reed hospital with the anguished sound of someone shouting his name still ringing in his ears.
Tony grit his teeth and tried to make it look like a smile. "Sure, why not? Put me down for two." He'd make Rhodey come with him If he was in town. It'd be payback for the time Rhodey had made Tony sit through an entire documentary on model-plane engineers.
“Ooooooh, Captain America!” Clint called in a high-pitched voice from a nearby vent. “You’re so dreamy. Will you sign my chest?”
“You – what? What the fuck, Steve!” he exploded. “You can’t say shit like that when I’m about to kill you! You love me? I am going to bring you back and murder you five more times, you absolute
“Excuse me for a moment,” Steve said, digging into his pocket to pull out the phone that had just started playing the chorus of “I Will Always Love You.” Steve had put up a show of annoyance about Tony’s new hobby of hacking his phone and changing his ring tone to songs from
“Can’t put anything past you,” Tony confirmed, smiling flatly to unclench his jaw, “but feel free to call me ‘Tony.’ I respond much better to nicknames than I do to public shaming.”
Steve surged upward at the sight but found himself bound tightly into place. They had strapped him to an old dentist’s chair, bolted to the ground and too heavy to topple.
“I was wrong about the wire,” Steve insisted. Then, after a moment’s hesitation, he added, “but I’ll concede that you’re still a bit of an asshole if that helps maintain the image.”
Exaggerating the protective curl of his body, Steve let his mind go cold and quiet under the pain as he timed the rhythms of Ward and Rumlow’s hits: kick, kick, hook, pause, kick, kick – now. Steve grabbed Rumlow’s fist as it descended, twisted, and hauled it backward, using the momentum to break the arm, pull Rumlow’s throat forward, and slam it into his waiting elbow. In almost the same motion he rolled Rumlow’s body toward Ward’s incoming kick. Ward was momentarily thrown off balance when his foot landed sooner than expected, and Steve used the opportunity to grab the gun he had tucked into his holster. Rumlow was trying to strike back at him now with his unbroken arm, so Steve slammed the butt of the gun into the back of his head, dropping him.
“All right, Captain Tightass, you’re fired,” Tony snapped.
This time, it was finally Steve. Just hearing the voice was like catching his fingers in an electrical circuit, but Tony risked a glance in Steve’s direction, eyes moving rapidly across the new, thick beard that looked slightly singed around the edges; the taut, discolored patches of skin on Steve’s forehead and arms where the burns were still healing; the spot near his upper lip where blood always trickled from Steve’s nose in Tony’s nightmares.
“I was starting to think I’d been stood up,” Tony greeted his partner as they rolled down their windows.
“Iron Man?” Steve asked sharply.
“Okay, Captain Sass,” he grinned. “Keep your secrets. But just – you can talk about that stuff if you want to, okay? With Nat – or Bruce is pretty good listener when he’s not the size of a tractor-trailer. But it could be me too. I mean, I spilled my guts to you a few weeks back, so you owe me at least one mortifying confession anyway.”
“You should tell him,” Pepper had said, her voice soft and sad in a way that made Tony want to build another company just so he could give it to her. Tony hadn’t thought he was confessing anything in particular – he had been talking about the way Steve’s face screwed up with concentration when he programmed the coffee maker – but she had known. Maybe she had known for a while.
“I have to tell you something, but I can’t – turn off your comms.”
“Why should I bother about that now that I’ll get to look at your pants anytime I want?” Steve countered reasonably. “Save the artistry for a real work of art.”
Tony turned away to grab a couple beers from the fridge and – when he thought he saw Steve’s face fall slightly – switched out his own beer for a bottle of seltzer. He held out the beer to Steve before boosting himself up on the counter, settling into a spot where he would be less tempted to try to soften Steve’s frown in a distinctly un-friend-like manner.
“That’s a lot of kindling,” Steve observed. “You sure the fire’s going to get enough oxygen?”
“Goddamn it, Steve!” Tony shouted from the other side. Steve could still see a square of his face and torso through a plate-glass panel in the upper half of the door: enough of a view to know that Tony’s hands were probing frantically for a catch or a handhold.
“What about you, Cap?” Tony asked, trying to draw Steve out of whatever hole his eyes seemed to be boring into the couch.
“My hero,” Tony smirked.
“Not us though,” Clint grinned, wrapping Natasha’s hand in his.
Tony had intended it as a barb - a bit of spice to season the pan for a verbal sparring match he’d been anticipating all day - but he found a very different kind of warmth spreading through his chest when Grant gave him a small, wry smile in return.
“Coming as fast as I can,” Tony shot back.
“I don’t know what I’d do,” Tony answered finally. “When Pepper and I were together, I thought about trying the whole picket-fence deal. If the picket fence were a self-sustaining energy field with adaptable motion detection, of course: I’ve got standards.”
“Think it over, Agent,” Tony said. “SHIELD’s going to be in shambles for a while. And even without the whole ‘oops, some of us are Nazis’ thing, my benefits package is much better than Fury’s.”
“Big man, Rumlow,” Steve spat out, “I always knew you were sloppy in the field, but I’m glad to see you’re a coward too.”
Tony’s eyes flashed, and Steve felt the start of a flush creeping up the back of his neck. He hadn’t meant to bring up the woman from the bar – wasn’t sure why that part of the night had even been on his mind – and he knew that last remark had definitely been over the line.
“You can do whatever you want in the safety of your home,” Steve tried again, “but you have to stop trying to shake me when we’re in public. If you won’t let me stay close, then I can’t do my job.”
He switched over his screen to his contact list and dialed Rhodey, the closest person he could think of to a government contact, because he had to tell someone, and he was far too impatient to wait until he could comb back through his notes at home. He paced up and down the stairs to his building while the phone rang, doing his best not to startle any more unsuspecting students.
Tony was practically vibrating with smart-ass responses, but just as he was preparing to fire one off, Steve looked over at him. Weeks ago, Tony might have expected Steve to give him a warning glare, but now Steve’s eyes were searching, as if he were trying to gather Tony’s opinion from his expression. And that made Tony’s chest feel suddenly tight and warm in a way that made Fury’s secrecy fetish fade into a minor irritation.
That development was just as surprising to Steve as it was to the top executives at the Bureau, who had had very different intentions when they’d assigned him as Tony’s partner two years ago. Exhausted by Special Agent Stark’s monomaniacal pursuit of the so-called “X-Files,” the top brass had looked at Steve’s record – a working-class kid from Brooklyn, recruited by the Army out of community college, promoted through the ranks, awarded a Purple Heart and a Distinguished Service Cross before his honorable discharge – and taken him for a company man: the kind of agent who would deliver orderly reports about his partner’s misconduct to a concerned superior officer. But thanks to Colonel Phillips’s selective record keeping, Steve’s new bosses didn’t know that he had earned most of his military honors on a rescue operation he’d been explicitly ordered not to attempt. If the Bureau chiefs had seen the smirk on Captain Rogers’ face when he returned to base with ten POWs and a hot-wired jeep in tow, they might have thought twice about pairing him up with Tony Stark.
“How long was I out?” he croaked, squinting at the dark circles under Tony’s eyes.
“We’ll figure it out, Cap,” he continued. “And if we can bring him in, we’ll bring him in.”
“That’s none of your business,” Tony responded automatically, sitting back in his chair and folding his arms across his chest. “You’re not the boss of me.”
“Clint!” Tony yelled, his voice cracking with relief.
“Tony,” Bruce said, “you need to rest.”
By the time everyone had finished, Tony was already bouncing impatiently on the balls of his feet, a perfect rendering of Caravaggio’s “The Calling of Saint Matthew” etched into his pumpkin.
Stark walks to him, determination in his stride. He holds a brief case. Steve remains in place but his body language is telling. The man will jump in at any time.
"Steve!" Anthony yelps upon seeing him.
"Closer than man knows," Strange says.
“Shh,” Sif said. “Did you not hear that?”
“I’ll show you some good toy ideas,” Jane whispered.
Anthony jumped off the tree. He landed gracefully on the ground. Suddenly, the willow moaned and cracked, its leaves turning yellow then brown.
“Someone shoot me, he actually did it,” said a scathing voice. The room turned to the door to see a man with greying hair and red shades. Next to him was a teenaged girl in a strict corduroy and pinned back hair. She, like the man, had a sour face and each held a bag of candy.
Bucky does not answer.
“Seriously?” Tony grumbled.
“wha…”
“Daddy’s gonna put you down, okay?” Peter nodded. “Good, and then he’s gonna shout at your Unki Brucie ‘til he cries like a b.”
Steve is dutiful to his promise. Everyday he comes to the east woods and follows the path to his Willow Man. Anthony greets him in kind, always in the tree, just out of reach. Steve has shared his history and weapons. Anthony's curiosity shines through with every new item and detail told. Steve notes Anthony never leaves the willow's branches.
The drive is long and slow. Loki wishes for his Sleipnir now,  his equestrian-child always the fastest. He lets those maudlin thoughts go as he glances at the child. Peter has nodded off in the drive and Loki thanks the Norns he is such an obedient boy. Loki almost regrets ripping his suit jacket off when he saw the small device, although he is glad for the destruction. He has gone further than intended and it should be good to put such distance between him and his brother.
“Okay, I get it. The answer is yes….HYDRA did this to me. Made me crazy and forget my friends. Made me….hurt people.”
Peter shrugs and Loki believes that his manners are no match for that of the High Court of Asgard.
There was a pause and Steve looked at the man.
MY DADS ARE STILL SLEEPY. WE
“What do you mean?”
"No need to fight, friend. I have simply brought you here for sound advice," the man says.
Barnes’ still had fries on his. Sam coughs.
Steve does not make any movement. He glances quickly at the gloved hand, knowing it has the metal appendage which almost killed him and his friends.
Bucky rubs the boy’s back and holds back a chuckle. Of course, that’s when his door is blasted through and yells are heard.
Anthony says nothing. Neither does he. They embrace again tightly until dusk.
They had Pooh-JARVIS  watching Peter and Tony wanted to run up there and tell his son that nothing would ever hurt him again.
The heady scent of the forest is still there. It takes Steve some time to realize it is the man. The scent is one Steve is acutely aware of because he has felt it and put it in other men: fear. The man above has his knuckles tight on the tree face scrunched in worry. Steve looks down and smiles to himself. To conquer is to have the upper hand not always brute strength, but intelligence. He looks to the man again with an easy smile.
"No. Not outside of stories and legend," Steve says.
Steve huffs a breath.
“You’re welcome,” Peter says. He goes to hug Bucky around the legs. Bucky stiffens for a moment. With his arm he holds the toys in his elbow while he pats Peter’s brown hair.
The boy looks at him and he is aware that his visage has returned to its normal form.
Peter scrutinized Bucky for a moment. It looked adorable seeing his face scrunched up and Bucky held back a genuine smile, until Peter nodded in finality. He went back to drawing onehanded. Bucky squeezed the one holding his flesh hand.
“Angry,” Peter said.
Peter bolted out of the lab and went to find Steve.
“And that would be….”
“You don’t say his name! You don’t get to say his name!” Steve yells.
Barnes’ face does a flip of emotions from dead to livewire.
“I see that,” Bruce says, shifting through the file.
Peter nods. He wipes his wet hands on his uniform pants. So far, school is terrible and he hates it, but pops wanted him to go and daddy agreed when they returned home. Peter bites his lip. Pops has not been back in weeks. Daddy’s always in the tower now. Peter looks at Mr. Happy.
“Tony,” says Steve.
“Where’s daddy?” Peter cries.
“Be that as it may, there is no denying Peter’s experienced trauma in the past. He has abandonment issues and can, in extreme measures, become mute. Along with his arachnid abilities which give him heightened senses and his intellect at such an age could lead him to having less…savory coping mechanisms in later years.”
“Nice,” he says lowly.
Tony shivered.
“Sam took him to DC. Peter asked to talk to Bucky.”
A mistake is easy to do; just have enough on your plate and things slip past that you did not intend. JARVIS calculates this thought as he remedied the small errors his masters have made in regard to the little master.
Loki focuses his magic into a young secretary Stark and the Good Captain both know.
Peter blushes red and pouts.
The man hums. "Most ask "who"', he says. "Though, as I mentioned, no Man has been here in years. Do you know the Fae?"
Tony pouted, his mustache wrinkling around pink lips. “Maybe just until middle school. Then really, we have to make sure he doesn’t lose valuable brain cells.”
“Do you understand that I am no trifle weakling to be cast aside, Od—”
And in these last few chapters I am using real world locations in Washington D.C. so if anyone has been to those places I will be mentioning or lives in the D.C. please comment if I have something wrong.
Anthony stared at the axe. The willow appeared to shrink in Steve's view.
I'll be honest and say I know nothing of Dr. Strange but what Wikipedia tells me. So, just imagine him as any version you want, however, I do think of him as like a Vincent Price character, like in "The Raven", which I reference. So, hopefully I got the characterization, his powers, and magical things correct and that he sounds like he should in the comics.
“I have damage to repair with him too.” Steve opens his eyes. “I love you. I love you Tony. No one comes close. Please, believe that.”
Peter nodded. He hoped his dads were not worried. Aunt May was always worried and Peter did not want his dads to be like that; Peter did not want to be alone.
“He loves yours too,” says Steve.
Bucky read the name
The words from the preacher fade in Peter’s mind as he looks at the faces gathered. The Terrace Room is huge, but Peter still spots it-or him. A man in shadows at the back. He wears a tuxedo and a white scarf. His expression is blank and his eyes are looking at Thor, who sits with the other Avengers and Mr. Coulson.
“Tony, honey.”
“Nice try. Peter said his aunt gave him to you two,” Jane snorted. She held out several papers with Peter’s signs.
Tony closed his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Peter says.
“By Odin, I will not let harm come to that boy or it’s my head!”
“I suppose you are wondering what will happen. Rest assured, child, I do not wish to harm you. Nor do I plan on letting you go. This is not a kidnapping, however crass that word is. You will become my new tool to victory. I will strengthen your power and gain control of his miserable planet.” He stops and looks at the boy. There is no fear and a curious gaze. Loki smiles for an instant. “One day, I may call you brother.”
“Yeah, I know Arachno-kid. Just wear it for a couple of days and the collar will loosen on its own,” Daddy says.
“Hello,” he says panting.
YES. I NEVER WAN
“No,” he growls. “Peter’s been kidnapped Steve! And you still want to send him away—”
He runs off and the two are left alone again. It is nice because the house is still full of everyone. Minus Thor who is still on Asgard; but to be alone in a confined space with two quiet people is enough for Natasha and Bruce. Though, with Peter back to normal, the house seems brighter.
Tony stopped and coiled his body together. When this happened before, he used the suit as a safety blanket, but now this calmed him.
“You and Peter are the best things in my life. You kept me going after I was discovered. You made me the happiest man alive. Because of you I have all I need. Peter came and I knew we were complete. I could live without Bucky, Peggy, and every part of my past because I had my future with you.”
“Bus it is then,” Pops says.
“I don’t know,” Pepper says, panicked.
“When was this?”
“Just drop him in the bed,” Tony says deadpan as he opens the duvet and sheets.
Tony gets up and runs to Peter. He stops as the boy looks up worried. Tony bends down and picks him up, taking him away and whispering insistently. It sounds, “remember, don’t open the door without me or your pops.”
“I saw me…and you…a bunch of crazy shit. I’ve been watching you. Researching. You resurfaced in 1989, two years before the end of the Cold War. You sought out the rest of the Commandoes; most were dead, but some had lived, like that Carter girl, and had kids. Stark lived too, and you met him…his son. It’s seems like stalking at this point, but I had years of espionage to use. From what I gathered, you and Stark Junior were reluctant friends at first. You took a shine to him at some point, him the same, and between the whole kidnapping thing and the Iron Man reveal, you two shacked up. You got married not two months later, and then the perfect fairy tale life, until you realize you’re missing a kid. And I know that from Peter.”
Steve tries to rub his husband’s arm to soothe the man’s nerves. It does not help.
Clint’s been crawling through the vents and Peter has not ratted on him once The kid and he kept bumping into each other as Tony and Steve  kept (wink wink) Peter secret. Clint understands, but he will be the last to admit he’s a little hurt by it; more by Bruce not spilling sooner. The party is coming soon, so he’ll badger the poor guy then, now he just wants to visit Peter. Clint jimmies the window open and steps into the room.
Tony knows this is something SHIELD or whatever they call themselves would want to know (probably already have a file) and he shows it to Steve.
“I must consult my Orb,” Stephen says and leaves them for the time being.
“Pepper sent you,” he says.
Steve glances and gives Anthony a cheeky grin.
Steve steps closer to him.
Peter eyes are cast down and he nods. He leans up to Steve’s ear and Bruce knows he says “sorry” by the way the blond nods. Tony is next and he takes Peter to the bathroom.
“I have assurance Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark have resolved their differences. They are living together at the Stark Mansion. Parker has been taken out of his private school and will be transferred to a charter come next spring. The school is the same as his friend Harry Osborn attends. Stark and Rogers are both cautious to keep that secret from Mr. Osborn,” Coulson says. “The Avengers, excluding Thor, are all present in the same place currently too. They are having a bit of a vacation together and Parker has begun his tutoring lessons again. And for Wilson’s destroyed home, it has been resolved because Captain Rogers gave Wilson his old apartment.” He takes a sip from his pineapple-kiwi infused juice. “It is also confirmed Rogers is hiding the Winter Soldier.”
takes him to Fury—”
Tony laughs lowly and says, “And we’re making an enemy. I’m going to hack into Osborn’s files at some point. Our advantage is he doesn’t know Peter’s his late associate’s son.”
Steve tenses. He calms as tires screech outside. The man of his former friend sags. He seems so old when in truth both of them have barely aged in decades.
Peter smiles nervously. Volstagg understands, the boy wishes to return, but only Thor is allowed through the portal unless given permission by one Leader Fury.
“Alaric, take Rolfe with you to market. I have some unintended business,” he says and gestures to the boy. Alaric follows and agrees, taking Rolfe by the hand.
“Why did you tell me? I would have never guessed it was you. I never wanted it to be you.”
The lines of the Agent’s mouth deepen.
Pepper attempts to coax Steve, but he is seemingly transfixed by what Tony is doing. She finally notices that the papers have begun to pile up on the floor.
Bruce smiles and leaves with Clint right after. “Tell him to wait for my lessons with that sling. It’s dangerous in the wrong hands.”
Stephen digs further and hears a woman wailing.
“No, dammit. Bastard cut in front of me,” Mr. Happy says. “No, Peter. No.”
Daddy stares. “Excuse me, that’s wrong. She’s teaching in room 301. That’s the same as Harry Osborn.”
Bucky stared the door down. Never in his brainwashed career would a door be such a threat. Behind this one…Steve was on his bed possibly unbathed and unshaven. Bucky had taken on troops of soldiers and special ops. He had shot men and women unseen from incredibly hidden vantage points. So, it should be easy to knock on this door and force his old friend to get off the man’s ass.
Now all Steve needed was to figure out how to break the “party” to Tony.
“He’s a fucking god. Not a hell-bent organization with loopholes.”
Loki scowls. “I am not scary. Please, boy, elaborate.”
“Don’t bring this up, Tony.” Rustling came from Steve’s side and Tony clenched his jaw.
“This can’t all be for Peter.”
"Not one to mince words. That's good," the man says. He taps the crystal eye and immediately an image of a willow appears. Anthony's willow.
Steve stared. "How does this have anything to do with me?" he finally asked.
The doors slide open and Bruce’s brow furrows until he sees a holographic stuffed bear and a boy looking up at him.
Happy rushes onto the dance floor where Thor and Jane do a dangerous rendition of the Chicken Dance.
Peter runs up to him, hands behind the boy’s back. He grins Cheshire-like and for a moment Bucky fears all hell will break loose. But, the thing behind the boy’s back appears.
The man across has a slow smile.
“We shall be with an audience soon, young Avenger,” Volstagg said.
“Happier times,” Bruce mutters.
“Can we go to the monument?” Peter asks. “Harry’s been there and so have Gwen and they both say it’s boring but that getting to the top is fun because the monument’s high like the lady.”
“Tony,” Steve says again. He sounds defeated. Tony hates that he can do worse damage to Captain America than any terrorist scum. “You know I will never, in my power, let anything happen to Peter. We can’t….you can’t lock him up and hope he’ll thank you.”
He looked in the direction Volstagg ran. “The man is natural with children, I should go and warn Thor and Lady Jane of this.”
Rhodes stares again. He glances at the finger sandwhiches.
"Speak louder, you big oaf, I'm not sure the magistrate heard you," sniped Loki with a pinched expression.
“Language,
The two men sit opposite on the giant sofa. The plush of the cushions sink in under Steve’s weight. He glances at Tony who rocks back and forth in rhythm with his tapping foot.
“Because everyone thought you moved on,” Bruce says.
“Did you have suspicions?”
“And the thing with Steve,” Stark snarls out.
“No,” says Pepper.
Peter watched as the loud family ate the feast. He had learned that word from Pops. The table was filled to the brim with pork, chicken, beef, and something that looked like a ferret or raccoon. He popped small bits into his mouth and listened to the people. Peter rubbed the drawings he held in his lap. He wondered if he was not in another country. The door was in the Tower so it should not have left New York. He was confused and wanted his dads.
“Peggy’s great niece. Her name’s Sharon and she’s a real sweetheart. She works with SHIELD. The real one, not HYDRA, and I trust her. Oh, shit!”
Later, as Rolfe draws with Peter, Volstagg wonders why he agreed to buy parchment and ink when he does not understand the Midgardian word. Peter wrote some signs, but neither Volstagg nor his wife can read it. So, Rolfe and Hildy, his youngest daughter are attempting to communicate through pictures.
Steve believed he was in the clear, and picked up Peter, whose eyes were heavy.
“Asking us our plans for the holidays,” grunted Captain America when he caught his shield. “Tony and I are going to Malibu for the holidays and then some. We’re thinking it may be our last bet to get some alone time with Peter before he starts school next year.”
Steve's knuckles crack when he fists them.
“Tony, please.”
They stare off at each other, until Strange closes his eyes for a moment and rests his hands.
Tony only gives Barton a death glare after learning of his person.
Whatever she expected, Ursa seems to calm down for a moment.
The portal to Midgard was always strange. The man, Tony, had said it only could be opened at certain times of their day. It was closed now and Heimdall could not open it without causing a rift in the Bifrost. He prayed that it would open again soon, because young Peter was lost in Odin’s palace.
Steve wakes and stares open mouthed at Bruce.
“Well, you’d given me the only thing that could return me to New York,” he said in that same tone. “Apparently, someone gave you a kid. And the last invitation that assistant of yours sent was real too. Captain,” Pym nodded and he lost the unamused inflection to his voice.
“Nothing that can’t be atuned,” Peter said.
Bucky again looks defeated. “Where else can I go? I wanted to find you. I don’t remember anything….you-you’re familiar somehow and I-I need that, God dammit, I…I’m fucking lost.”
"Ah! Loki my star, look! It is the warrior Strange predicted!" said Thor, as Steve guessed.
Steve drops his shirt. Bucky finds himself in an embrace. Shock dissipates as he places his arm around Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Coulson chuckled and he looked again at Peter.
“ANSWER ME!” Steve screams.
Peter found a small sitting area and took a chair. He also carried some markers and crayons, though he did not like art as much as his pops. Peter went through his notepad to start a blank page. He observed the colors and tried to match them. The creamy walls became yellow with streaks of blue for shadows and the tile floor became triangular instead of square with black dots.
“Ah,” Fandral exclaimed. “Volstagg would be finished with supper and on his way there,” he muttered.
“You can’t keep doing this, man! It’s not healthy.”
“No, Steve, I need to know. We get here at what I assume is some advanced cloaking and then treated to this Vincent Price theater act. What the hell can you do?!” Tony snarls at Strange.
“I-I’m Bruce. Banner. Bruce Banner,” Bruce stammers. The boy nods and holds out his hand.
This is the second to last chapter, which I have half-way done. But, it is blocking me for the moment so hopefully I will have it done by the end of the week.
"Well, we may have taken all the cookies and icecream once." She smiled wickedly, like Daddy sometimes. "Or three times."
“You shouldn’t say those things,” Tony says. “That’s not right for you to do that. You’re supposed to be the good one.” He grabs a fist full of Steve’s shirt.
Tony huffs out a laugh. “That means Bruce is primary for all occasions because he never leaves his lab or this tower.”
He finds her in the bathroom.
those things. I
“I’m sorry, but…we can’t leave Peter alone. Not like this. We’ve been present to all his appointments and this won’t be different.”
Nearing evening, Peter begins to yawn and sway in his enthusiasm.
“Woah, woah. Cap,” Tony says.
Wilson, during the fifth round figures out he got “Eeyore” when he asks “Did Peter choose this one?” and Tony has a shit eating grin on his smug face.
“I wanted to draw you smiling,” Peter said. “But, I never saw you smile before and pops says you had the easiest smile.”
“I am a master of magic and surgery,” Strange says without any impatience.
They continue the journey, Loki unaware of the tiny com on Peter. Unaware of JARVIS sending distress signals to the still enchanted Iron Man and Captain America.
“Bucky said you wouldn’t let him near you or me without a squad-squ-squadron of SHIELD agents and your suit. Is that true?”
Pooh-JARVIS shakes his head.
“We know that Wilson has him already, Stark.”
Steve embraces the two and rubs circles into Tony’s back as he trembles slightly.
“I don’t fucking believe this!” Tony yells. The files and videos were open and he demanded JARVIS take them off the screens surrounding him. Steve was pale next to Tony in the workshop.
) stared at Steve. This man whose voice acted as a balm to his erratic thoughts. Bucky’s nightmares involved snow, a train, and this man. This man who appeared to be a friend in the nightmares. Some dreams happened too; a rusty apartment. Smiles and laughter. Drawings nothing but drawings. Bucky stared at Steve. He attacked.
“One moment,” he says.
“Quit smiling. I plan to see if he’s an asset before anything else. Send Romanov to test him and don’t let her slide it to Rogers like she did with our sorcerer informant,” Fury says. He gets up and leaves the shop. “I’ll be seeing you, Coulson.”
Peter looks at her in the face. Ursa’s pinched nose crinkles with his gaze.
“We have to be smart about this. ‘cause you can’t barge in there after weeks of this silent treatment. So, you need to sit and practice what you’re going to say or Steve’ll clock you again and I don’t’ think we can afford a hotel anymore.”
Peter starts to sniff again whether from the smell or just because Bruce is uncertain.
Peter unhooked his seatbelt, gave a swift wave to Mr. Coulson and follwed his aunt. The car with Happy was a few blocks down. They entered and Aunt Natasha asked if he wanted a snack.
SO, I have not realized this until now but I called Dr. Strange "Vincent" as in Vincent Price. I have finally corrected that mistake but cannot believe no one said anything :(
“Yes. They had me do…the grunt work. Stuff no sane person would touch,” Bucky says.
"Are there any more Fae? Out there or anywhere?"
They did and he went straight to his room and closed the door as his dads told him to do not too long ago.
Tony listened to the message from Steve. The last part made him shudder.
Sam peaked down at the small helmet head tucked in his chest. He knew Tony was going to kill him (and Bucky, maybe Steve), but the kid needed to talk to someone. Sam was not that someone. He flew faster, hoping Rhodes kept his end of the bargain to keep the skies scarce.
The elevator stops and Bruce huffs. It was Natasha’s insistence that the married couple add a doorbell of some kind to their home; of course, Bruce is one of the few who has not seen them making whoopee.
He looks at the two and the hidden tension is like a highway sign. Bruce sighs and rubs his temples. The Other Guy is under control and will not be popping out, but that does not make this situation less stressful.
“Yes,” Peter says. He shrugs. “My daddy, when he found about my spider powers, said to trust my spidey-sense. My pops said that it is the action of a man that defines him, past and present, not what he looks like or who he is.”
“No. Remember, it’s my time.” Tony stops pacing to look down at Steve. He shakes in his stance. “Second, protecting him. From me. From me, Steve. Your husband. Protecting him from me, for killing my parents. If you hadn’t felt bad…if you didn’t why he said what he said…” Tony stops. Tears pool in his eyes.
That statement jacks Tony’s memory.
“I see. And yet, you do not fear me,” Loki says, arching a brow.
He jolts back from the mirror. Steve pants and grips his thighs until his knuckles are white.
Peter does so without protest. He climbs in with his 80’s robot pajamas. Steve tucks him in, but Peter is out.
"What do you have there?" Anthony asks. He points to the basket.
"He's afraid. I've kept him alive for centuries and unharmed. With that axe you not only kill the tree but my attachment to him." Anthony said all this with a deadpan voice as if he was reading a tome.
Loki feels Peter’s arms wrap around what he can. He tightens his hold on the boy.
“Tell me,” said Natasha.
Daddy crumples a bit. That how Peter sees it. His face goes sick and he stops dead in the empty hallway.
“Peter should start school sooner than ten. I know you wanted to keep him out of the public eye and we can still do so, but Peter needs to be around kids. It’s good for him,” Steve said.
“I will help him. If for nothing then that he was my friend once and that he’s been stripped of everything. Tony,” Steve said, exhausted. “I can’t abandon him.”
“I’m leaving you here with him. Have a fucking happily ever after. Mr. Doubtfire,” Tony says. His rocket boots and gloves come back on and meld to him. Tony flies out the hole in the doorway.
Tony blanched.
That is where JARVIS welcomes James Rhodes and Sam Wilson into the building on a brisk first day of November. Master Tony smiles tightly because he did not have information until this morning and Steve has just returned from a run. Peter holds up his sign to welcome the new guests as Dr. Banner and Barton chuckle quietly from the couch.
“How long was he with you?” dad asked, his knuckles white.
“What about Peter? He’s in school now so he’s okay,” Tony says.
“Because I believe it would be beneficial to do so without his parents present,” Strange says. This is the first time he has an edge to his voice.
“Long day for him,” Tony says from the doorway.
Rhodes stares at him for a pregnant moment.
“Yeah, kid, something like that.”
“Dr. Pym,” Tony said cheerily. “Glad you could make you old coot.”
He was not meant for this. However, as he frustrates over the people to invite (all adults) and the decorations (Halloween maybe) and the food (Peter likes most things) and the party favors (candy), he has time to space out and think of how his involvement with Project Rebirth and how, after decades, there are still those who want this.
Steve sighed. “Yes. I gave him some money for travel and he’s on the way to D.C.”
"That side of the story is for Loki and Thor to tell you. We'll be here for a fortnight. You have time. Go visit the Willow Man."
Bucky forges on and sees Steve without his own grief for the first time in weeks. The man is broken. Steve’s eyes are laden with bags and red streaks. His hair unkempt and wily along with his days old pajama pants and shirt. Bucky halts for a second but continues. Sam should be gone by now, and then the front door closes. They are alone together for the first time.
Steve has not stopped.
Peter begins to head in before Tony places his hand on the boy’s shoulder.
They sat there until evening when the flowers bloomed.
“It is,” says Tony and he holds Peter to him. “Really, really swell.”
Steve is about to leave for his seventeenth visit to Anthony when he is grabbed. There is knife to his back.
“Daddy, pops, this is Bucky. He’s eccentric and his metal arm is amazing. I like him. Can he stay with us, please? He can bunk with me and you and daddy can get out for fondue more,” Peter says. The words are a bit slow coming, but not slurred. His voice does not crack, but it is still misused.
By the tenth visit, Anthony has stopped asking about travelers. Well, frankly, he seemed less enthusiastic about them since visit number five and by visit seven did not mention travelers until Steve had to leave.
