‘Always, Pep,’ he laughs, then greets Happy.
He cuts him off with a web to the mouth. ‘First of all don’t be so ridiculous,’ he huffs, ‘why the hell would I care what anyone thinks about me dating someone older? I introduced you as my boyfriend to Harry didn’t I? I’m not ashamed to be with you, Wade. What I
There’s a groan from the boy and he blinks and rubs at his head. ‘He’s coming round now,’ Steve tells Rhodes and the War Machine heads back towards them.
‘On it,’ she replies, moving towards her partner.
He’s pretty sure his AI just sighed, but he can’t be certain. He enters the warehouse, seeing it open straight into a large space. At its centre are a group of people, Wanda being one of them. It seems that she’s reporting back to her handlers.
Peter is one of the last ones to reach the common area that morning, and as he walks in he's greeted by the sight of Natasha tending to a cut on Bucky's forehead.
Wanda laughs, the sound light and bright for the first time in a while. ‘I won’t tell anyone.’
Tony studies Rumlow for a few moments before pressing a button on the desk. ‘Miss Potts can you bring in the paperwork please?’ As he turns back to face Rumlow the door opens and a tall red head walks in, carrying some paperwork. Steve suspects this is the formidable secretary that Tony has had numerous phone conversations with in their hearing. ‘Captain Rumlow, I have had to make some changes to my board and the top structure of my company due to some…differences of opinion in how the company should be run. As part of that I have also had to make some changes to my top security team. My Head of Security is unchanged, but I was hoping that your squad would be willing to help fill some of the gaps.’
‘While I’d prefer to have a handle on everything,’ Nick admits, ‘I appreciate the extra level of security this adds. Each member of the leadership team would oversee a different area of the organisation, obviously information will be shared as necessary-’
Peter tries to ignore the warm feeling in his chest as he and Harry join the others at the table. If he’s honest it was always Harry’s ‘knight in shining armour’ trick that made him first have a crush on the guy when they were younger; and it’s a nice feeling having his old friend back.
‘Doesn’t mean I can’t be grateful,’ Steve counters, sitting up to start unwrapping his gift. ‘Besides anything you get me is going to be amazing.’ Tony waits nervously whilst Steve finishes unwrapping his present, trying not to fidget as the box is opened and the gift is revealed. ‘Tony…’ Steve breaths, eyes widening in surprise.
‘They are now. Why?’
Ororo nods, she has a kind face and Peter hopes Wanda might find a friend in her. ‘My tribe sees it as a blessing bestowed by the gods, and a sign of rulership. A bit old -fashioned in my opinion, but who am I to argue too much? As long as it doesn’t stop us from moving forwards of course.’
‘Well, I didn’t want to get your hopes up,’ Steve shrugs. ‘Plus it was only yesterday so I haven’t exactly had chance to tell you.’
‘Sure it is!’
‘Same,’ Scott agrees. ‘That and Hank gets a bit twitchy if his suit’s around a Stark for too long.’ Tony just laughs and says goodbye to the two of them; Clint’s dropping Scott off with one of the jets and then taking it with him and keeping it at the farm; that way he has a quick method of transport when the shit hits the fan and he can pick up Scott on the way over.
He’s probably not alright really, as he feels himself slipping from his seat; he thinks he feels Harry catching him, but he’s not completely certain.
to do this for him, as a surprise. Besides the whole team is going to be there; we’ll be at Peter’s school and I’ll be sat down for the whole time. The only time I’ll be walking is from the car to the auditorium. Come on doc, a bit of fresh air will do me good, and if it’s too much someone will bring me back. I stay cooped up in this facility any longer I’m going to go
you’ll get into trouble.’
‘Aw come on! I know Christmas horror movies are shit but they can still be entertaining!’
‘Right sure thing, Mr Stark,’ he briefly repeats what he told Sam. ‘Thing is Mr Stark these are sounding more like Vulture’s weapons I’m sure of it. But it’s not quite the same. Sort of like alien tech went into it, but different to what I’ve heard before.’
‘That depends,’ Weasel says, sizing him up, ‘how good a shot are you?’
‘Ah the guy in the chair right?’ Mr Stark lowers his voice once they’re closer and shakes Ned’s hand. Ned looks like he’s about to collapse from heart failure. ‘The one who hacked into my suit? Got to admit I’m impressed kid. Maybe you should come up with Pete, sometime.’ Ned makes a noise somewhere between a laugh and groan. ‘Anyway we need to make a move. Come on Underoos, I’ll let you ride shotgun.’
single surface in the room.
‘You don’t seem to have done as well as you thought, little spider,’ Francis crows from over Bucky’s shoulder. ‘So, I think we’ll be taking you to add to our little collection. How I am going to love breaking Wade by having him fight you.’
‘Peter why don’t you help Sam and Wanda take the first group round to the labs first and then you can stay there and get on with the work Tony has for you while they finish the rest of the tour?’ Steve suggests.
‘Well I am,’ the dark haired man replies, looking a little unsure. ‘I mean I
Tony’s doesn’t answer as he passes the third box to Steve, emptying the last of the second flavour bags into the bowl and calling for Wanda to take it over. The soldier is just beginning to wonder if he’s ever going to answer the question when Tony’s quiet voice breaks the quiet in the kitchenette. ‘He reminded me of us.’
‘No you’re right to be worried,’ she reassures him, rinsing her mug out in the sink, ‘there’s definitely something more to it, but I think it’s something more on a personal level.’
‘Do you
As Wanda puts those with the rest she grins at her. ‘Then we definitely join in.’
‘Yes boss.’
There’s another sniff on the end of the phone and when Peter starts talking again his voice is filled with tears. ‘I don’t think he loves me.’
talking.’
‘Not much of a dancer I’m afraid,’ he replies, asking the bar man for a top up on his and Rhodes’ drinks. ‘Besides I doubt there’ll be many more songs left to go.’
‘When are you going to learn you can’t change Tony’s mind?’ Loki asks her.
‘I’ve met him a couple of times,’ Peter admits with a sigh. ‘When I’ve been on patrol. He’s not causing any trouble-’
‘You’re really thinking you might leave?’ Bucky is looking intensely at the trickster and Stephen puts his eyes back to the clay in his hands, suddenly feeling like he’s listening in on a very private moment but not wanting to move and draw attention to himself.
. Now, tell me what the hell happened earlier.’
‘Tony,’ Steve’s face is now serious, ‘you can’t tell me you’re going to encourage a relationship between a
‘I know,’ Tony smiles at him. ‘And for what it’s worth I’m sorry we didn’t tell you before. We are ready upstairs when you are though because we want to make sure we do it right from now on and we want to run the ideas past you for approval.’
‘No, we’re not,’ Natasha puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder, ‘but neither is it for us to say who he can and cannot see; none of us are his legal guardian. Wade is on probation, the same as Loki: both of them need to be on their best behaviour.’
‘I’m doing alright,’ Peter replies with a grin, ‘helps when you can talk to people who know the subject of your project.’
‘Thanks Tony,’ she presses a kiss to his cheek. ‘Good luck with Pete.’
‘Right, I completely understood that,’ Steve says, in a tone that suggests he still isn’t entirely sure what the two of them are on about, but still does as they suggest, wrapping the chain around the alien’s neck and planting his feet in the ground and pulling as hard as he can. ‘Guys it’s too strong,’ he gasps as he struggles to hold onto the chain as the alien struggles.
‘A new suggestion?’ Sam looks between him, T’Challa and Nick. ‘What new suggestion?’
‘I’ve…’ Bruce sounds like he’s out of breath. ‘I’ve got the last one. But…it’s…it’s trying to make me…trying to make Hulk…ah!’
Steve looks up, surprised to find the other man still there. He thought he’d left with Sam and Bucky. ‘What is?’
‘I’ll get Hulk’s,’ she says. ‘Steve’ll be here soon.’ With that she runs off towards the sounds of Hulk’s roars.
Tony grimaces. ‘I swear I wouldn’t have coped in the media spotlight without Aunt Peggy.’
‘Hey now hang on. The one rule I broke was an agreement we made between us, what you’re talking about is breaking the law!’
‘Not exactly,’ Steve tells him.
‘You’ll find out the same time as the rest of us,’ Natasha tells him, ‘we’re nearly there. Let’s make sure Tony’s settled with May then we can find somewhere to sit or stand. We all remember our positions?’
‘This is true,’ he sighs, ‘I suppose that is what has been holding me back about deciding: that I am scared I will be trapped in a single place. Whereas I know that in reality they will encourage and help with any travels I do decide I want to go on.’
‘Here,’ Peter hands it to Nebula, ‘why don’t you do it this year?’
‘Ugh, finally!’ Tony grunts as they reach the agreed meeting point. The space is a little smaller than the one they were left in when Loki was studying the runes, but it’s big enough to be a noticeable space. ‘Okay so once the other two get here we should be able to take that tunnel,’ he points to the one opposite them, ‘and make our way back to the main area.’
‘He’s done it,’ Tony breathes, looking over to Thor. The god is curled in on himself, his left arm lying on the ground next to him. ‘Thor!’
Bucky doesn’t need another reason to press a kiss to the god’s lips.
‘I’m looking out for him Rhodey, and I’m still named as his next of kin so I think you’ll find I can.’
‘What do you mean ideas?’ Tony smirks, seeing the blush starting to creep up Steve’s neck. ‘I was only going to tell Nat the truth.’
Natasha grins. ‘Unless one of them manages to damage the other in their antics, in which case we stand a chance.’
A million thoughts cross Peter’s mind at once. Then he starts moving.
familiar form below him and lands in front of the teenager. ‘Where’d you come from?’
‘Of course I want to go home,’ Steve replies, not looking at either of them and staring out over the forest below them. ‘I’m just not sure how I feel about Tony being the one to get us all there.’
She smiles, takes his hand and gives it a small squeeze, before releasing him and going to collect the others.
‘They’ve got hold of another power source, I’m not entirely sure what it is but if I had to place a bet? I’d say it was something like an infinity stone.’
‘What you mean you aren’t lethal enough with that arm?’ Steve grins at him.
‘Hmm?’
‘Couldn’t have done it without the team here, Steve. I… I never thought they’d accept me like this. Not without you here.’
‘What he means is: Bucky decided to be a human snow plough and we all followed behind him,’ Sam snorts.
too young for him? What if he wakes up one morning and realises I really am just a kid and decides he wants to find an actual adult and not some nerdy teenager?’
Then comes Germany and everything that happened around the Accords, and yet still Peter doesn’t shy away from talking about Bucky’s role and manages to not make it sound like he was fully to blame. Steve glances at Natasha and can see the woman is just as impressed as he is in how Peter is handling talking about some very sensitive chapters in the Avengers’ history. As the boy finishes with Bucky’s integration into the Avengers he’s starts on his conclusion.
‘You’re such an idiot,’ he huffs in response and follows his mentor inside, ignoring Wade’s protests as he does.
Friday during his last class, which is just as boring as every other week, he gets a message from Tony. He passes it to Ned who looks at him with huge eyes.
slow down?’
‘Apart from Wanda you mean?’ Sam’s voice is grim. ‘I think if they did they would have used them when they attacked us. In case Wanda wasn’t knocked out. They’d have been idiots to go into a magic fight and leave their own magic user at home.’
to. Hence gun, not shooter. You may have been the instrument, but it is not
‘I’m not sure this is such a good-’ whatever T’Challa is about to say is cut off by Shuri dragging him over the dance floor.
‘What do you need?’
‘Where are they Pete?’ Ned mumbles as they carry on along the street, walking quicker than normal.
? That maybe because there were two attacks on the team they decided to get a
‘Can we do it my way for once?’
‘What the fuck you doing here anyway?’
‘We shouldn’t just have them flying around the galaxy, they need to be kept somewhere secure,’ Rhodes argues.
She nods. ‘Yes I do.’
‘Silence Lorena,’ the king snaps.
‘In the interest of fairness? I’d say four. Then we can choose one each.’
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘So why didn’t you sell it?’ Bruce asks.
Bucky’s about to retort and then he pauses. Usually he gets nothing through their link from Loki except the words that the trickster is using, Bucky himself is still getting used to not letting his emotions come through the link at the same time, but this time he can
‘And most importantly I want to say sorry for everything that happened around the Accords. I should have taken you aside and spoken to you properly about them instead of getting on my high horse,’ at this Tony lets out a snort, and then quiets down again. ‘I was the one who caused the team to pick sides, and didn’t even consider seeing if we could change them until it was too late. And all the time you were trying to get me to see there was more than one way out of the situation.’
‘Alright?’ Peter can feel his stomach sinking. He knows he messed up badly with Beck, and he’s been hoping to put off this conversation as long as possible.
Flash flushes with embarrassment at being overheard. ‘Why don’t you kill Parker then?’
‘Right yeah, no apologising,’ Peter mumbles, looking down at his scraped hands that are already beginning to heal.
‘And you’re sure you don’t mind us leaving you when-’
‘Tony,’ she puts a hand on his arm, ‘that’s never happening again,’ she says, voice soft.
‘Really? Because it seems like
Clint’s curse is cut off by the arrival of Bucky and Natasha leading the rest of their class into the room, Sam and Wanda bringing up the rear.
‘Yeah but Stevie says since they don’t live here they don’t have to clean it up. Asshole,’ Bucky replies.
Steve groans, but comes back over to him, framing his face in his large hands and pressing a kiss to his lips.
‘You seem to think it likely someone will be able to get you to fight each other,’ Frau Leibner comments. ‘What makes you so sure this is going to happen?’
‘Peter what’s happened?’ Steve this time.
‘Take it as a compliment that she worries about you, if she didn’t care she wouldn’t have said anything,’ an amused voice says from behind him.
‘Guys I thought we said no powers,’ Rhodes says, ‘do I have to take a goal away from each of you?’
‘And why is that, Captain?’
‘Exactly. It’s not exactly great for
‘Sure you wouldn’t rather be somewhere less chaotic for Christmas?’ Tony laughs as they start heading down towards bed.
Wade feels a warm feeling spreading through his chest. Spidey had been thinking about him. ‘He’s got a heart of gold, but you don’t need to worry about me Tin Can.’
‘Look Nat is good at reading people, alright. And I’ve spent way too long with you to not be able to read you too. Whether you like or not you are one of my best mates on this team. I just want to know why you don’t think you deserve to be as happy as the others.’
‘I am Groot.’
‘Come on,’ Ned’s pulling at his arm but Peter can’t look away from the merc, wishing he could take the other’s mask off.
Love always,
Clint grins. ‘Nat. She’s my source of gossip.’
‘Alright I do not want to hear anymore!’ Sam protests. ‘Has no one realised that Deadpool just carried Peter out and no one stopped him?’
‘I’m so going to enjoy putting you on your ass again,’ he grunts as he dodges a flurry of attacks from the ex-assassin.
‘And you say the process is going to include him working through various points in his history and resolve some of that trauma before you can be certain the effects have been reversed?’ the first council member asks.
‘Sounds perfect,’ Wanda’s smile is even brighter now.
Eventually she sighs. ‘Fine. But you do
Loki feels his smile shrink but become no less real. ‘I did. He was my father. Regardless of the consequences of his actions I cannot argue that he did what he did with what he believed to be my best interests at heart.’
‘No,’ comes the firm reply, one hand turning him to face him, ‘because I promised you before that you are not alone. I broke it once and I won’t break it again.’
‘How do you-? You know what? I don’t care,’ he says, turning as he prepares to rush back.
‘So did I,’ he says, voice low and dangerous. ‘I’ve just found out someone has been lying to us and that man’s life is in danger. I’m putting this right, Pep, and then I’m finding out why it got this far. Keep it on the down low. I don’t want anyone knowing what I’m up to. Say I’m on one of my lockdowns or something.’
‘Pete please I need something to drink and some form of breakfast before we start on this,’ Steve pleads, rubbing his temples. ‘And please stop pranking Bucky, he comes and moans to me.’
Hammer begins to read a series of Russian words that Steve knows only too well. His best friend is frozen in place, the only movement is him shaking.
‘Would you permit me to travel with you? We may reach a conclusion faster if I am present for the discussions and it will allow for initial experimentation.’
Natasha feels a few threads of tension leave her shoulders; glad she’s decided to confide her worries to someone. ‘We keep our eyes open, and you keep a weapon on you at
Hope you all have a wonderful week. Thank you as always for your continued support. I love hearing from you all so please review.
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed this double update. I know I changed Uncle Ben's dying slightly, but I didn't want to do the same story and I hope you can forgive me from deviating from comics and films a little to have it fit in with where I've been taking Peter.
Wanda looks to Strange and he gives her an encouraging nod.
‘Shit and I thought my life was fucked up,’ Deadpool says when Peter’s finished his verbal diarrhoea.
‘I’ve lost you before, Loki, but you always came back. This time…it didn’t feel like you
‘Hey Doc, how you doing? Nice of you to come to our rescue.’
‘In a way,’ he agrees. ‘But I think our young Parker may be of more use than the team would have us believe. I think if we have a situation come up during this Accords business, then we need to utilise the newest member of the team and let the others focus on the bigger battle.’
‘So, our first obstacle, as you can see, is our climbing wall,’ Steve directs them to the wall that stands around three times the height of the super soldier. ‘The aim of this is that you work together to get up to the top, rather than anyone trying to beat everyone else. You need to get someone to the top who is going to be physically strong enough to pull the others up after, but who isn’t going to be too heavy you’re going to struggle to help them up there.’
‘You know,’ Tony says, pulling Steve up to join him so he can dance with his boyfriend, ‘I think we need to make Bucky and Loki R-rated. If it wasn’t for the fact Pete’s with Wade, I’d be worried about them scarring him.’
‘I’m still unsure as to why you think I am the best candidate,’ he responds to the trickster’s query.
‘Probably two more days and I’ll be done at most. Why?’
He frowns when he sees it's an unknown number and turns, taking a few steps back from the soldier to give himself some space. When he opens it his blood runs cold. There's a picture of Peter, taken through a school window, sat at his desk looking up at the teacher, a pencil in his hand as he takes notes. Underneath is a short message: In the market for a new intern, can you recommend Anthony?
‘I was nearly there!’
’ Steve asks, feeling so lost and not being able to show it to anyone other than Tony. Tony who always had the answers, Tony who could help him stand strong when his body felt more broken than it ever had before the serum.
It’s obvious the teen isn’t happy but does as the Captain says; it’s very rare he’ll argue with Steve, and Thor sees Wade relax a little and give the blond a thankful smile. ‘Alright, where do you want the webs?’
‘What? I was throwing people to you then too. How is this not the same?’
‘And you promise not to pick a fight?’ she asks, a small smirk on her face.
‘I am Groot.’
for years, then found out he’d been tortured by the Soviets into a brainless weapon. I thought I’d lost Pepper when I faced the Mandarin. Wanda lost her twin brother in Segovia. We lose people, Peter. What matters is that you remember the people that you lose, and you keep trying to save others.’
‘I was out in Afghanistan on a weapons demonstration,’ Tony pauses to down the rest of the liquid in his glass. ‘Rhodey was in the group but I insisted on travelling back to the base separately. I think he still blames himself for what happened,’ he continues as he refills their glasses. Bucky is silent as he tells his story, immobile save for the rise and fall of his chest as he breaths.
‘Only if you can help me speak to someone in research and development.’
‘I haven’t had chance to tell him yet, this only happened about an hour ago. And the Cloak is fussing enough without him adding to it.’
‘We need to end this soon before Thanos arrives,’ Bucky says, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand. ‘Or shit’s about to go sideways.’
‘Wade-’ Steve starts.
‘We’ve been in bad places before,’ Natasha argues.
‘Alright Ross send over all the information you have we’ll review it on the way over,’ he says, standing up.
‘No he’s just as bad,’ Tony smirks.
‘Why wouldn’t I wait to get training from Natasha on how to kick your ass?’ Peter says, then after a look from May goes to unweb the man from the floor.
‘Care to explain why you’re only just showing up now? I don’t think I’ve been caught for anything recently.’
He looks at her with big brown eyes, then down at her hand, and then back up again.
‘And tell her she’s flying on the Stark jet and no arguments,’ he cuts off his friend, already getting out his phone to type instructions. ‘I’m only trusting them to look after her properly. We’re having a proper Avengers Christmas right here.’
Steve laughs. ‘So, not the conventional way of doing it, but that certainly works.’
As for Tony he’s standing with his arms crossed over his chest, the expression on his face slowly melting from pissed-off to concerned. ‘Pete-’
‘Safehouse,’ Tony grins at him, relieved to see the echo of one back as he parrots the archer’s words to him from when they faced Ultron. ‘One I haven’t thought about in years, so even Wanda wouldn’t know of it.’
‘Tony is going to go
‘Tony?’
Tony nods. What he hasn’t told them is that they’ve worked out if they work through Bucky’s missions they’re hoping they can repair enough of his scarred mind that it won’t be so difficult to remove the effect of the words on him. He’s not looking forwards to reliving one memory in particular, but they’ll cross that bridge when they get to it. Preferably with a shit ton of scotch.
Shuri nods, her face uncharacteristically serious. ‘Thank you.’
‘Yes we are,’ she nods so fast that Wanda is worried her head might fall off. ‘You’re my favourite Avenger,’ she grins up at her, ‘I want to be just like you when I grow up!’
‘I’m not surprised at all,’ Steve laughs.
‘I agree, I am starting to see that changing some of the traditions is indeed making this more enjoyable than continuing to do what we have done for centuries.’
If only he had one of those ropes nearby that the protagonist cuts and goes flying upwards on out of the way of the antagonist.
‘He was worse when he was skinny,’ Bucky joins in.
‘Hey I come in peace,’ Wade puts his hands up.
‘The worst thing was Natasha wasn’t surprised,’ Bucky moans. ‘I swear it was a set up.’
‘That’s a deal Mr Parker,’ the guard smiles back. ‘Hope you have a good trip.’
‘Sure thing, boss, passing on the message.’
‘Barnes you imply that ever again and I’m locking you in the freezer,’ Tony growls.
‘What? No way that’s awesome! What made them come to Earth?’ he asks as they climb into the back of the car.
scared of her?’ MJ asks.
‘Peter had a bit of shock coming out of the last memory and just needed some time to calm down,’ Strange reassures the inventor. Then he adds. ‘I’ll wait outside with the others until you’re ready to join us.’
‘I believe the term there is pot and kettle, no?’
‘You chose to go out with him,’ Wanda snickers.
A pained sound from the body in his arms makes him freeze as he turns to the door and look down. ‘Steve?’ the cracked whisper is barely audible, but dark eyes open slightly to look at him.
Then there’s training with the soldier twins, which is a little bit like training with a hurricane and usually leaves him trying to find Rhodey for moral support afterwards. Apparently Tony’s lifestyle used to have the same effect on Rhodey as training with the soldier twins has on Sam.
here.’
‘Anytime, kid,’ he smiles back. ‘And if you want to tell me who it is so I can rub it in Bucky’s face feel free.’
‘Pep you can’t make those decisions for him.’
‘- and secondly, it wasn’t the same two children you were throwing. One of those guys nearly broke my back!’
Bucky nods. ‘True. Wish I had some of my guns on me.’
‘I thought we talked about it last week?’ Tony frowns. ‘When we were down working on those new surveillance bugs.’
A/N: Hi everyone. Hope you're enjoying this chapters even though I'm speed writing them. I thought it might be interesting to do the mistletoe challenge from one person's point of view, rather than try and fit everyone in. I hope you like it so far.
’ Ned practically shouts.
late-’ Steve starts.
He steps into the open doors and presses the button for floor ten, watching the number on the screen above the door slowly climb. He’s still lost in his thoughts when the doors open on floor ten and he nearly misses jumping out before they close again.
‘Are you sure you are recovered enough to be doing that?’ Thor asks warily.
‘They have a magic user?’ she asks.
‘Told you it was good,’ they both said.
The humanoid looks at him for a moment then gestures for him to follow. With a glance back at the rest of the team at the table he does. Vision leads him along a short corridor and pauses outside of a door that Steve has never been through.
The cold is stronger here, and all Steve can see is endless white.
Oh how wrong he was. Turns out babies move
‘You’re thinking of Daredevil,’ Wade frowns at him.
‘True, ah well, guess we’ll never find out who the better dancer is then,’ she adds.
‘No there’s no word from Peter yet, nor Wade or Happy since they met up with him yesterday,’ Tony sighs. ‘And Fury’s doing his best Pete impression and ignoring my calls.’
‘Yeah there is no way I’d be stuck with this loser,’ she nods.
The Jotun laughs. ‘You cannot fight as an Asgardian. This is a battle to decide the one who sits on Jotunheim’s throne. You must fight this as a Jotun.’
‘Don’t worry, May,’ Tony laughs, giving a mug of hot chocolate each to Bucky and Steve. ‘The only one who can’t handle Peter is Bucky, and it provides the rest of us far too much entertainment to intervene.’
‘Piss off,’ Tony mumbles into the chuckling chest beneath him, thankfully too low for any of the kids to hear. ‘Wait. Peter was drinking last night?’
‘I’ll meet you there too,’ Steve says. ‘Tony try and extract Vision if you can.’
Steve shakes his head, rubbing the back of his neck. ‘Not unless my Nanna getting me to stand on her feet when I was four counts.’
Wade cuts him off, darting forwards and pressing a hard kiss to Peter’s lips, backing him up so the teen is caught between the wall and him. He breaks it off before the teenager can get his brain in gear to return the kiss. ‘Do you have any idea how fucking hot you are when you’re taking out burly mercenaries
‘I suggest next time you play the hero you make sure you don’t get yourself killed in the process,’ Loki says, offering him a hand and pulling him to his feet, the broken off ice sword tip melting in the alien next to them.
‘You sure you don’t want some time alone to welcome Steve home?’ she teases. He scowls at her.
going to tell me what we’re doing this afternoon?’
Natasha stands up and pulls the teenager towards her, blinking at the tears in her eyes and only relaxing once his arms wind around her waist. ‘You’re not the only one who’s scared, Pete. We all are. But we can’t let that fear control us, alright?’
‘I wasn’t-’
‘Good morning, Mr Stark,’ his head lawyer offers his hand to shake, ‘I have already spoken to the courtroom and they have agreed you may come in the side entrance from now on. I apologise they did not allow it this morning.’
‘Thank you.’
‘But you said there was only
‘Oh man, you think MJ is intense wait until you meet Wade,’ Ned chuckles.
He barely has time to return the Wakandan salute before she’s grabbed him by his arm and is dragging him over to a screen. ‘Uh, Shuri? Introductions before you tear my arm off please?’
Matt Murdock doesn’t make an appearance, but he sees his partner coming out and taking new clients in. There’s a steady flow of people coming in through the door, and Peter’s leg starts twitching nervously. He hates being around too many people in a confined space.
Wade isn’t an illusion. He can’t be sure about anything else now.
‘We need to get moving people,’ Fury says. ‘It seems our enemy has reached us. I’ve called in all the backup I can but it’s going to take some time for all of them to arrive. SHIELD forces should be here within the hour and can provide more air support when they get here. I’ve called in a friend, but I don’t know when she’ll arrive.’
‘We will already have the Mind Stone,’ T’Challa sighs, leaning back in his chair, ‘and we will be open in our opposition of HYDRA. I do not think it a good idea to have it here in Wakanda, nor do I think it wise for Wakanda to be arguing to free the Avengers from government control whilst having two powerful items in our possession, we could be seen as too threatening.’
‘Yeah well thankfully yet again the world is not ending when I call you. Anyway surely you’d notice if the world was ending?’
‘You look like he just gave
because I did nothing, because I didn’t have my
‘Well we may have to do some of that with this one this year,’ Quill laughs, ‘because this baby’s a bit bare.’
He hangs up and shoves his phone into his pocket, puts the second web-shooter on his wrist and drags his friends back out the classroom and down the hallway.
‘The convoy was attacked. The soldiers I thought I was protecting killed in front of me as
A woman, at least Tony thinks it’s a woman, flies down glowing with some kind of weird light and takes the gauntlet from Sam, flying through the Chitauri gliders as if they were nothing but paper screens, and lands in front of Wanda. When the light fades her blonde hair falls down around her shoulders and she holds out the gauntlet. ‘Looking for this?’
‘I knew you’d dodge,’ comes the reply and Peter’s pretty sure he hears a shrug as well. Or that could be him priming for another punch.
Strange bends down to pick up another sheet and goes to stand with them. ‘O come let us adore him, o come let us adore him. O come let us adore him, Christ the Lord.’
‘When
you’re doing here?’
‘So why are you doing more Christmas shopping? Surely you got enough last year?’ Ned asks.
‘You told me to divert all calls unless the caller stated it was an emergency,’ the AI responds.
‘Oh, sorry,’ Peter shakes himself out from his daydream and sits heavily in the chair the man gestures. ‘I just…I’ve never seen anything like this before. It’s incredible. Are all the books on the mystic arts or are there other things in here as well? Is it one of those libraries that I can just ask for a book and it'll appear? Are there any artefacts in here? There’s so many on the way here and they were all
‘The last report from Kamar-Taj says that all of our fighters are now recovered,’ Wong tells them, and Peter notices Strange sag in relief at the news.
‘What do you mean Nova’s been destroyed?’ the human demands.
‘I’m not pretending,’ and there’s nothing in Tony’s voice to suggest he’s lying, ‘whether you believe it or not I consider you a friend now, Loki. And I’d like to know what happened with Bucky to make you get as far away from him as you are physically able right now. You two seemed to be getting on better since we got here.’
Love always,
‘We may have more positive news next time we speak,’ Strange reassures them, ‘during this conversation Wong has been tracing the mystical energy of the link and we are hoping now that Bucky is conscious, we will be able to trace it easier.’
‘Don’t move, kids,’ he threatens, backing up to the window. MJ looks at him, scared but determined.
Peter cautiously opens the door of the law firm and steps inside, there’s quite a few people waiting on chairs, and he recognises the blond woman sitting behind the desk at the far end of the room.
Steve laughs and shakes his head. ‘Are we talking difficult as in he’s in a really bad mood and snapping at everyone, or difficult as in he wants to try and make it round every bar in New York in one night?’
Taking that as good enough for now he stands and stretches, taking his empty glass to the sink. ‘Well that’s enough serious talk for one night. For one
'Not got your buddies Captain America or the Winter Soldier to help you this time?' one of the boys scoffs.
‘So,’ he says, leaning against the wall next to her as they survey the gathering, ‘how does it feel to have won our first major war?’
‘You’d be better off speaking to Nat about that,’ Steve says, putting an arm around him and pulling him close as he sits on the sofa, handing over the bowl of blueberries he’d requested a couple of minutes earlier.
‘You touch
Wade looks at Tony as if the man is as insane as Wade is. ‘Wait, sorry I had some crazy stuck in my ear. I swear you just invited me to Christmas.’
‘Handguns,’ Rhodes interrupts, shrugging at the questioning looks. ‘If we use anything with too much kickback I got to change the settings and I can’t be bothered.’ He gestures to his brace and the other two nod in agreement, Bucky throwing him a handgun and a few rounds of ammo.
‘Dude,
‘Get everyone out, we want to be leaving in twenty minutes max,’ he responds, spinning on his heel and following the other two up the tunnel and out into the night air. Tony shivers in his arms and he pulls him closer, opening up to full running speed when he sights the Quinjet.
‘I,’ Steve tries to fight down the blush, ‘I think that would be highly inappropriate considering my position here.’
‘Because you’re paranoid? Now shut up I think it’s starting.’
‘That’ll take you up to a total of ten. I haven’t even seen
He closes the connection before he can become more distracted.
‘We’ve got a situation,’ Tony replies. ‘Kid stay here and tell the others to wait here for briefing. Cap? Come with me, we’ll go get the situation from Ross. Bucky, Nat? Go round up the others.’
that his opponent was where he’d lashed out with his leg so how had his attack passed straight through them? There’s another warning and he jumps up, finding a grip on the wall as the smell of burning reaches him.
‘What do you mean? I’d heard it was successful,’ the man is now frowning in confusion.
‘And I also saw what you did afterwards,’ Tony’s voice is soft and reassuring. ‘I also know I’m only here today because
‘The amount of time he spends listening to everything you tell him Tony it’s a wonder he’s still as nice a kid as he is,’ Rhodes says from his spot on the couch.
‘If he did, he would not be able to use his sorceries for other means,’ Loki answers from behind Sam and Strange.
‘I agree,’ Steve adds, ‘even if we don’t make a firm decision we should at least explore some options.’
Tony just laughs along with the rest of them, and pitches a roll at Sam’s head which the other man catches with a grin. No one comments on the fact that their hands remain clasped on the table for the rest of the meal.
‘Shut up,’ he rolls his eyes.
‘What about Carol? And Fury? Hill?’ Rhodes suggests.
‘Because you can wander about in the crowd and be our eyes and ears to how people are really reacting to the team. They’re not going to tell us to our faces if they think we’re being hypocrites are they?’ Tony responds.
‘Rhodey shut it,’ Tony snaps.
You know, I’m actually glad Baby Boy ain’t here to see this. He wouldn’t be too happy.
‘Finally taking an interest in your employees, Stark?’ the leader jeers.
‘Well…I say he’s thinking about, it’s more Carol’s teased him until he’s been backed into a corner. We need to keep her around she makes Fury more human.’
‘You think she’ll ever agree to be part of the team? I mean she is technically from the past and doesn’t have any of the memories of them forming. It’d be like one of us being killed and then us going and getting them from the past from a time before they knew any of us.’
‘So, the leader pair or the pair of assassins?’ Wade’s voice sounds tight and Peter looks at him in concern.
Bucky looks in the side mirror, seeing the lab begin to blow up, the explosions painting the night sky with yellow and red. He slams his foot on the brakes and pulls off the road. Behind him he hears the squeal of tyres as Natasha nearly goes into the back of him.
‘Tell him to concentrate around the old Expo site, and at warehouses at these addresses,’ as Matt gives him the addresses Peter takes out his notebook to write them down. ‘That’s where I’ve picked up the most activity, makes me think it’s some of their bases.’
‘Does anyone ever feel we’re far too competitive?’ Bruce asks from his spot on the sofa.
‘No one asked for your input.’
‘He’s not even going to be able to get close enough to Pete to see him,’ Bucky growls, then goes to the front of the jet. ‘If we’re all going in I’m going to find somewhere else for us to put this jet down. I think Stevie might actually kill me if someone stole our quinjet.’
‘Wade!’
‘You can’t be serious,’ Steve blinks at the shorter man.
‘Stick on it here, Tony. I’d quite like to hear how your adopted son is getting on,’ Rhodes leans back in the seat.
,’ Tony continues, ‘if that wasn’t enough for the monsters to have to deal with, then they came to the castle walls and they faced an even fiercer opponent. For this opponent was one they could not see and so did not know how to defeat; but this opponent knew everything that happened within the castle walls and would do anything needed to keep the prince and princess save from harm. They couldn’t even
‘Not a lot,’ he decides to admit the truth, ‘Steve’s been having nightmares and I don’t want him sneaking off to deal on his own.’
And so Tony, Bruce and Sam between them explain about Christmas, including some of the different traditions that some families have that are different to others.
‘Can I see him?’
‘Yeah but I’d rather take at least one out from a distance rather than just have to stick to up close and personal. We don’t know how their frostbite abilities are going to affect us. If it’s anything like Loki’s we’re in trouble. Tony’s the only one with some proper defence against it.’
‘I don’t blame you for any of it, Steve,’ he tells him, voice quiet but steady. ‘Not any more. When you first left I was angry and hurt, but now I just want the team back to how it was.’
‘Let me finish,’ the mercenary cuts off Natasha. ‘Because we need to have
‘I want to know,’ the voice is Ned’s and Steve can’t help but smile, ‘if the Winter Soldier was here right now what would you most want to say to him?’
Peter shrugs. ‘I’ll ask Mr Stark this weekend and see what he says.’
Hammer tsks at him. ‘Now, now, Anthony where are your manners? I’m sure I’ll speak to you
mask!’ He finishes, eyes on the ground at his feet not daring to look at the other man.
A/N: Hi everyone! Thank you so much for all the lovely comments so far. Next chapter we get to meet the new student, be interesting to see who you think it might be and also who you are hoping it will be!
Ross’ voice continues the sequence that Tony is surprised hasn’t made its way into his own nightmares yet. He hears a grunt of pain from Bucky through the link.
‘Apologies, Tony,’ Thor looks sheepish. ‘I was so grateful I’m afraid I got a little carried away.’
Steve and Bucky go to collect Peter from school and find out he's being bullied. Tony Stark does parenting, and the team settle down to a film night.
‘What do you think? Try and make it out through the rest of the cave system?’ Bucky mutters to him, just loud enough for his enhanced hearing to pick up.
‘I think you may have changed a bit in over six years, Tony,’ she responds from somewhere behind Steve’s broad shoulders.
-Oi! Get a move on we need to leave- he says, activating the link.
* * * * * * * *
finding you back here?’
There’s a chorus of laughter as everyone settles back with their cocoa to watch another Christmas film.
They sit there for hours quietly talking over everything that had happened with the Accords. By the end of it Tony’s feeling emotionally wrung out and absolutely exhausted, but he also feels a little lighter; the sun is just starting to lighten the sky when they finally stop talking.
‘That’s when Tony started resenting you and any part you’d played in his and his father’s relationship. Eventually he moved past it, and just put it to the back of his mind, especially when his parents died. Then they dragged you out the ice, and everything came rushing back: the fact you’d been his hero, then the resentment, and also the few good memories he had with his father.
‘Why not?’
Tony crosses his arms. ‘Yeah, wouldn’t suggest it Ross. See as long as he hasn’t touched American soil, he’s still under Wakandan jurisdiction. You really want to start a fight with King T’Challa? Actually, please be my guest, I’ll reserve front row seats. Screw it I’ll get them for the whole team.’
‘What?’
Steve smiles back. ‘Well you’re still a jerk so I’d hate to be the one to break the mould.’ He feels the smile melt from his face as he looks back out over the trees. The doubts he’s been fighting for the past month creeping back.
‘Promises, promises,’ Clint mutters and Tony gives him a look which has the archer rolling his eyes.
‘Yeah, and he’s going to stay with Tony for the whole trial. It’ll make sense to the media as Clint’s there to support his friend, and while we’re challenging HYDRA it means there’s another Avenger here on site,’ the soldier responds.
‘We know there are other groups out there, right?’ the teenager asks. ‘What if some of them also have links to HYDRA? We know Hammer does as well as Ross, and Francis’ organisation is linked to them. Maybe others have links even if they aren’t being sucked into it.’
‘Reminds me of the ones we used to get back when I was a kid,’ Steve chuckles as he joins the two of them. ‘Sometimes we couldn’t afford one so my mom would bring in one of the potted plants and we’d just decorate that instead.’
‘Love you,’ the teenager chokes out.
Rosie, however, is not happy at her adventure being stopped and starts screaming.
‘Sorry Bruce,’ he responds, going back to his work as his classmates seem caught between wanting to laugh at him being told off, and in awe of his apparent friendship with the famous scientist.
He simply smiles and bows. ‘As always you are far too clever for me to fool.’ She scoffs and they begin walking towards the common area. ‘Scott is simply the latest in my list as you referred to. I have also found Groot and Rocket this morning and even Bruce.’
‘Nat we’re at the van and we’ve got everyone in. How you doing?’ Bucky asks.
‘That’s not Tony’s tech,’ she says, voice barely audible as she takes in the reactor in her friend’s chest. ‘That reactor wasn’t made by Tony.’
‘I’m Peter,’ he says, voice a little shaky under Nick Fury’s stare. ‘Peter Parker.’
‘It’s not like I plan it,’ Matt grumbles. ‘Loki sounds like he’s doing alright though.’
A Wakandan party is unlike anything Natasha has ever been at before, and that’s saying something. Everyone is dressed up and there’s more food than she’s seen in a while.
‘But what about after the serum and you were the famous Captain America? Surely the girls were lining up to dance with you then?’
She bursts out laughing. The entire room, and both of them, are covered in bright blue powder.
And we'll bring back the sneak peeks for Christmas:
‘Yeah but I’m not telling you.’
‘You two better be getting up!’ Wanda calls through the door. ‘Thor’s getting impatient!’
‘What do you need me to do Tony?’
‘About me?’ Steve is so shocked he’s not sure he heard correctly.
‘You said this was a food fight and we were to fight with food,’ Drax states.
‘What were you even making?’ Wanda gasps between laughs.
‘No arguments from me,’ he laughs, leaning into the soldier’s side. ‘It’s fun though right?’
‘So you see,’ Tony picks up the story again, ‘the prince and the princess live happy and safe in their home, protected by so many guardians that love them that no monster will ever be able to touch them.’
‘Tell me this,
‘Are you saying you’re purposefully wasting my energy?’
‘Does your aunt know where you are?’ Tony cuts in.
.’ FRIDAY interrupts him.
‘Only a little, Vis,’ Wanda laughs, then takes him over to where Sam, Bucky and Rhodes are sat with Peter and Natasha.
‘Shall we go meet our visitors?’ Tony suggests, leading the way with Peter only a step or two behind ready to support him if he gets tired. He doesn’t like to admit how quickly he still tires out, or how quickly he can become breathless; and what he’d said earlier is true, most of the others tend to fuss when he does, Peter and Natasha are the two that are there to give him a shoulder to lean on and then let him go back to standing on his own when he’s alright again. He can’t begin to explain how much that means to him.
‘I still hate that film,’ Bucky groans.
‘A summons where?’ Steve asks, frowning at the letter in Brock’s hand.
‘Sure,’ Sam says, patting a spot on his bed, ‘what’s eating you?’
he grins down the link before sighing as first T’Challa and then Steve launch themselves into the middle of the fighting. ‘You know,’ he says through the comms, ‘I know how Stevie stayed alive through the war: me shooting every damn bastard who tried to take a pot-shot at him. How the hell has he survived since if this is the kind of shit he’s
‘I…I won’t tell, Peter,’ Betty says, voice sounding a little scared. ‘After what happened with Mysterio…well I guess I understand why you want to keep it secret.’
he wonders as his breathing evens out.
‘I promise I’ll work super hard to be the best superhero ever!’ she says, then runs off when her mother calls for her.
‘Boys!’ Natasha interrupts with an eye roll. ‘Not the discussion we need to be having.’
‘Umm… old enough to potentially be a problem.’
‘Thor if you continue that thought I shall turn you into a toad again,’ Loki points a menacing finger at his brother.
‘Let’s get you to your room,’ he says, putting an arm around her shoulder and taking her bag from Peter. ‘Pete you’re in your usual room, head on up when you’re ready everyone’s in the common area getting to know Mama Rhodes. I’ll bring your Aunt May up when she’s settled.’
Natasha frowns at him, but Bucky catches her eyes and shakes his head. ‘Fine,’ she sighs, ‘but I reserve the right to stab you later if I find out you’ve been keeping something dangerous from us.’
Wade scoffs. ‘I’ve been eaten by a fucking polar bear, I think I can handle frost bite.’
The humanoid shakes his head. ‘I can sense nothing that could be considered Justin Hammer.’
‘We all spending Christmas here?’ he asks them.
He doesn’t have chance to say anything else before they’re in a large executive board room, around the table are sat thirteen men and women from a variety of countries. He follows Tony’s example and takes a seat at the bottom of the table.
this place?’ Sam asks.
At least he thinks he does.
‘When did you get all philosophical?’
Bucky laughs. ‘She’s loyal to you to a fault, but I can’t imagine she would hide something important from you just to spare your feelings. If she said they enjoyed it then I believe they did.’
weapons to kill our soldiers.’
Steve opens the door and closes it on Pepper’s smirking face. ‘Ready to go, Mister St-’
Bucky blinks, thinking he’s just been complimented but not sure if that was the trickster’s intention. ‘Um…thank you?’
‘Heads is Wanda, tails Strange.’
‘Luckily everyone who can see through that trick is on our team,’ Tony laughs.
‘Rocket!’ Quill roars. ‘Damn that trash panda.’
Just when Peter didn’t think his day was going to get any better he sees who is meeting them at the entrance to the facility.
‘No, I will,’ he cuts him off again, before taking a deep breath and opening the door. The scene that greets them is a frenzy of activity; it seems as though the whole team is there, sitting on comfortable sofas or chairs, or sitting at tables covered in computer equipment. Off the main room lead a number of doors, which one or two members are coming in or going out of.
in different places.’
good therapist.’
‘Steve-’ she tries again.
Wanda keeps her gaze down as the footsteps stop in front of her cell.
‘Sam!’ the three woman scold in unison.
And here's your sneak peek:
Natasha laughs. ‘You had
‘Hammer has the trigger words for Bucky,’ Steve hisses. ‘Buck you alright? Stay with me!’
‘Oh come on!’
‘What about Carol?’ Wanda suggests.
‘I’m Peter.’
The world seems to move in slow motion as he watches Steve, Clint and Natasha go to intercept Thanos one last time. He forces himself to his feet, watching Thor and Steve attack with lightning. Then he raises his hand.
‘Wanda,’ Strange greets her with a warm smile, ‘you looked like you could do with a refill.’ He hands her a steaming mug of cocoa.
‘For the Accords,’ he says softly, not quite brave enough to look up at those blue eyes even in the half light that FRIDAY’s provided them with.
‘No promises,’ he responds, ‘I shall return shortly.’
‘Tony I,’ Steve looks sheepish. ‘I don’t think it’s a good idea for me to be in the dancing auction.’
‘Thank you, Stark.’
Peter sighs and nods. ‘Alright. But if I get any broken bones you can explain them to May,’ he points a finger at Steve and then checks his shooters before putting the mask on. The eyes go black and he can’t see anything. For a moment he has to fight down panic, until he hears Steve giving instructions to the rest of the team to take a seat at the side.
‘If only that were true,’ Thanos shakes his head as if in sympathy. ‘I will not leave here without the final two stones. Give them to me and I shall release your friend.’
calm down? You’re thinking far too loudly,’ Loki snaps.
Then the alien crumples in a heap.
‘Think we can get FRIDAY to let us in?’ Steve asks.
Steve sighs. ‘Dammit. Tony I can’t dance.’
Steve sighs,
‘What the hell are you playing at, Deadpool?’ he demands, letting go of the web and climbing down the wall another couple of feet so he doesn’t have to shout.
‘We’ll move them,’ Steve’s voice is strained. ‘And we’ll get Scott and Hope over here too. Perhaps their abilities can help when we do track down where they’re keeping Bucky and Wanda.’
‘Tony?’ he mumbles, then his eyes fly open and he looks around them all. ‘Tony! Where is he? Where…’ he trails off with a sob and Natasha pulls him into her arms.
The dark haired man nods again. ‘I’m pretty sure I know why.’
‘Then get your non-green ass down to dinner. You two,’ he points at Peter and Shuri, ‘no arguing either.’
‘He’s also tried to make everyone rethink Bucky’s role in the team,’ Sam points out. ‘He’s trying to reinstate the war-hero image from the exhibition, rather than the Hydra weapon the media’s been fixating on.’
‘I mean…it’s just like a bucking bronco right? Maybe I can steer it?’ the youngster responds. ‘Woah! Hey this thing is really crazy!’
Sam frowns and then sits on a crate, patting the space next to him. As Peter cautiously climbs down the rest of the way to sit next to him he asks FRIDAY to let the others know he’s found Peter and they’ll be back soon. ‘From what I gather, kid, you and Tony have a bit of an interesting history, and it sounds like at some point he made a rash decision that means you feel you have to constantly prove yourself to him. Am I right?’
‘Hands off my boyfriend you mother fucking piece of-’
The inventor doesn’t reply, just holds his hand that’s not cradling the arc reactor out to the soldier. Steve’s at his side in seconds, pulling him against his chest and rubbing warm hands up and down his shaking back. Nearly ten minutes later he’s finally calm enough to relax in the soldier’s arms. ‘Just ask me, Steve,’ he murmurs into the man’s bare chest, eyes closed as he listens to the heartbeat just under his ear.
Sharon Carter arrives at the facility and there's a revelation in the relationship between Tony and Peggy Carter.
‘Not that I don’t appreciate the trust you’re showing in telling me all of this, Stark,’ Bucky says as the story draws to an end. ‘But
‘What did you do?’ he growls at him, righting himself and stabbing upwards with a knife.
Deadpool looks at him, and for the first time Peter wishes he could see his face under that mask, because he has no idea what the man is thinking. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Then we’ve just got some Yule Feast preparations to do before the others arrive,’ Bruce adds, ‘and we can focus on celebrating.’
When she’s gone Peter stifles a yawn. ‘I think we should head off too, Wade,’ he says tiredly, letting his head fall onto the mercenary’s shoulder. ‘I’m beat.’
Do let me know what you think of these snippets, it will be interesting to see if people like them as I may end up doing a couple more specials along the same lines if you do.
‘You know I wasn’t going to say anything about it,’ comes the response. ‘Hell, I’m just impressed he kept all his friends safe.’
‘Do you want to do it?’ Nebula ignores the Titan and asks Gamora.
‘You’re the one with a giant
‘I’ll let you know when the team plans to move against them. If you want to take off one of the heads, feel free.’
‘Working on it, boss.’
October, Tony.’
‘Told you,’ he mutters to Ned, ignoring the Winter Soldier.
‘Yeah, just not so used to the ice as I should be,’ is the dark reply.
‘What?’ Peter blinks, then growls in frustration and runs after the merc. He exits just in time to see the man disappear into an alley and gives chase. ‘Wade!’ When he reaches the entrance he can’t see the man anywhere, but a sound from above catches his attention and he looks up to see the man vault onto the roof.
‘I do it to everyone.’
‘Well are you going to agree to it as well or not?’ he decides he’s had enough debating the issue. He’s worried about the mission, but he can tell from his conversation with Wade that there’s going to be more to worry about if they
‘Nah, just couldn’t settle,’ Peter shakes his head and comes over. ‘You still playing poker? It’s like one in the morning!’
‘Some of it are projects that needed funding, like building projects for wings of hospitals or to replace equipment; there’s education programs; there’s even some archaeological digs and historical restoration projects.’
‘Let me make a couple of calls,’ Tony says, ‘we’ll get SI’s legal team on this. I want to make sure we don’t miss any loop holes. The bastard is going down, but we’re doing it so he’ll never be able to come back up. I need to get Rhodey to speak to the President as well.’
‘He’s only tried basic flavours so far,’ Peter explains, voice half muffled from where he’s still buried his face in his arms.
‘That’s true… but still I’d like to know- Wanda?’ he blinks in surprise at the young woman leaning against the school gates. She catches sight of the two of them and smiles, waving as they get closer and coming up to give them both a hug.
‘Just make a move and you wouldn’t have to be pissy pants over here by yourself.’
‘And that would be?’
‘How are
‘Is it just me,’ Wade laughs, slinging an arm around his waist and turning him around, ‘or are you encouraging them to start young?’
‘Oh you’ll know when she gets here,’ is the enigmatic reply. ‘SHIELD air support has just arrived and is heading to your position.’
‘Wait,’ Rhodes frowns. ‘Are you telling me that the ex-British secret service guy who was basically your dad’s right-hand man, hid the spare key behind a loose brick?’
She smiles a little sadly. ‘Our tradition as a family was that whatever went on the top of the tree went on last. My brother and I would take it in turns to be the one to put it on. It was always the last decoration we put up, sort of like saying the decorating is over and the rest of Christmas can start.’
No one would be able to completely fill the hole that Pietro left, but she’s glad she’s got Peter to fill part of it.
‘Please tell me he’s joking,’ Bucky groans, trying to stop the bile from rising at the pain.
‘Of course,’ the chirpy voice says and Steve suspects the AI is happy someone is making Tony look after himself.
Peter smiles at the soldier. ‘You too, Steve, thanks for not letting me take a dip either’.
Peter meets the whole team since Germany, and Bucky takes a shine to the young webslinger
He wonders. Then it hits him. ‘The Accords.’
‘Just your word would have sufficed,’ he reassures him. They are standing near the doors to the balcony, Loki having been taking a small break from the pandemonium caused by so many enthusiastic people in one room. Honestly his brother can be worse than the children at times.
‘So you mean you’ve arranged it so that the team has been working with him all this time without our knowledge?’
Love always,
‘Pleasure to meet you Sergeant Barnes,’ Stephen says, snapping his folder of notes shut. ‘I don’t intend for you to be the patient to break my perfect record, so I suggest you prepare yourself to recover.’
Peter nods gratefully, letting the man take the cue from his hand and dragging Wanda out before the woman can protest.
‘We’ll join you as soon as we can. There’s some other things I need to keep my eye on other than the Wakanda Accords,’ is the response he gets.
‘He was being temperamental before,’ Bruce admits, giving Loki a dark look, ‘but ever since we fought Thanos on the ship he’s completely refusing to come out.’
Strange frowns into his mug of tea. ‘I am perfectly capable of looking after myself.’
‘Loki has always enjoyed a challenge,’ Thor chuckles, ‘and is usually the winner.’
‘Praying I’ll make it there alive,’ comes the muttered response.
Peter leaps onto the ceiling, crawling along a couple more feet before he shoots a web and snags the power source, pulling it up and placing it in safely in a storage section of his suit. Then he jumps down, landing gracefully on his feet. ‘Got it!’
Loki grins as he sees what’s hanging above Quill. ‘Certainly not if you want some peace and quiet at some point today. Here, Star Lord, allow me.’ He pulls the sweater down, planting a kiss on Quill’s lips as his flushed face emerges. ‘And might I suggest moving from under the mistletoe?’
‘But my friends the hunt is one of the most important traditions of Yule!’ Thor protests when Tony and Steve leave him in no uncertain terms that he was not going to be allowed to go out and hunt down everything he wanted for the Yule feast.
‘Tony,’ Steve says warningly, but at his innocent expression just laughs, pressing a kiss to his forehead before leaving the room.
‘Pete-’ Wanda starts, but is cut off as he spins around and marches to the door. ‘What’s happened?’
hating himself for his self-imposed no-touch rule in their budding relationship. When play passes back to him he passes closer to Peter than necessary and growls. ‘Want to explain what the
‘That would kill you,’ her voice chokes off.
‘Where are they now?’ Steve asks.
‘Thanks champ,’ he smiles. ‘How much longer do you need here?’
‘Tony-’
he says, not even intending to speak through the link.
‘I’m sorry!’ she shouts, nearly losing her banana split to the bed. ‘That’s exactly why. My powers sometimes go a bit haywire and send things flying around.’
‘You’re such a jerk,’ he punches the other super soldier on the arm, ‘you guys didn’t even
Loki in this facility for more than forty eight hours at a time.’
Steve’s heart is in his throat. This is perfect. This is exactly the opportunity he needs.
‘He’s certainly hanging on your every word,’ Steve comments. ‘What kind of training has he been doing with you?’
‘Any of them?’ Hammer echoes. ‘Or just the intern that’s more a son than an employee? Or the dear Captain who you’ve become more than a little closer to? Or what about the Soldier who so desperately wants your heart?’
A/N: Hi everyone. I'm so sorry I'm a couple of days late. Honestly? I've lost track of the days. As an apology there'll be a double update this week.
‘Hope will,’ Quill laughs. ‘If she’s not there already.’
‘Well that fucker isn’t going to miss the opportunity to take some pot shots at me right? I’ll go distract him, draw their fire away from you guys and their attention from that truck. Widow can sneak round, hop into the driver’s seat and you two bust out of here before they realise what’s happened.’
He hasn’t heard much from the team in the two weeks since the gala; Tony had let him know that there’d been an increase in attacks from alien enhanced technology so the team had been asked to investigate. Wanda had been his biggest source of information, messaging every other day or so; he says it’s because she misses him, she says it’s because she’s making sure he’s not been an idiot and got himself killed.
She looks torn, then sighs and puts the gun away, taking a pair of cuffs from god only knows where, and binding the man underneath her. When she gets to her feet she drags him up with her and shoves him towards Bucky. ‘Take this piece of shit to the Quinjet. Vis has gone to help the others, we’ll get them all out and back up to you soon.’
‘And what kind of story would that be?’ Fury fixes Tony with his best glare, but the inventor doesn’t flinch, his grin only gets wider.
‘No. As you
‘Let’s just hope they don’t take as long as you and Steve to work out there’s something good in front of them. For a genius you sure were pretty stupid.’
Tony sighs as he leans over his workstation, his eye automatically drawn to the small piece of rubble that sits in the centre of it. A reminder of how he betrayed someone, like the ghostly ache of a shield in his chest reminds him of someone’s betrayal. ‘I took the suit from him once,’ he admits quietly, eyes fixed on the stone. ‘And he nearly got himself killed still trying to do the right thing, even when I’d told him to stop. The Vulture dropped a building on him. If he’d had the suit he would have had some warning of what was happening, instead the only protection he had was a hoodie. I went to the site afterwards, Steve. I don’t know how he survived. But I swore to myself he’d always have the suit to protect him from then on.’
‘Deadpool’s been spotted in New York,’ out of the corner of her eye she notices Peter look up from his book.
Tony raises a hand to stop his question. ‘Now listen very carefully, Wade Wilson. I asked Spider-Man if he’d be willing to trust you with his identity and with the identity of his family. He thought about it, properly thought about it, and he said he would. Now I know he can handle himself, so I’m not too worried about you actually knowing who he is. What I am concerned about is the people close to him. You swear to me right here that you will not use any knowledge of Spider-Man’s identity against him, you can come with me to the facility and, if he’s still happy to trust you, you can come and spend Christmas with us.’
‘So this is the kid that tried to kick our asses in Berlin?’ Sam asks. ‘Kind of wondering how he got so close seeing how scrawny he is.’
‘Shh,’ she soothes him, one hand reaching up to stroke through his hair. ‘We got him out, Pete. He’s back at the facility in the med wing. He’s-’ her voice catches a little and he can’t help the fear that courses through him, ‘he’s not in a good way, Pete; but the doctors think he’ll recover.’
Steve has to admit it was possibly one of the most awkward breakfasts he’d ever sat through that morning. Even Tony hadn’t been able to keep up a conversation with everyone and had given up. And by giving up he means Tony then decided to try and make him blush by trying to feel him up under the table.
‘What do you mean?’ Ororo asks, narrowing her eyes at the spy.
Bucky nods, and Tony feels the shuddering gasps wracking the man’s body as he cries. ‘Thank you, Tony.’
‘Mr Stark!’
‘Pepper if they start misbehaving just glare at them and you’ll have them cowering in the corner. Ow!’ he rubs his arm. ‘What was that for?’
Mama smiles at him proudly and nods. ‘Good, you’re learning. Took you long enough. Right well I better go check on Maisie. You all have a wonderful Christmas and I’ll speak to you all again on Christmas day.’
‘I know,’ he cuts her off. ‘None of us can really. Especially with the new Accords hanging over our heads. That’s why I said:
‘Tony! Don’t you dare leave me! TONY!’
‘Well first off I’m Canadian, so no I’m not from America,’ Wade smirks. ‘And yes I’m from Earth but I’m not from
Natasha contemplates murder, and the three of them head into the lab.
‘Don’t be ridiculous, Clint, it’s just a farmhouse. I’m talking about cyber protection. Thing was like the equivalent of a Fort Knox inside a Fort Knox inside a Wakandan Embassy,’ Shuri interrupts.
Love always,
‘Friends! It is good to see you all again!’ Thor’s thundering voice rings out as he, Loki and Valkyrie arrive at the compound. The god rushes forward and brings Steve into an embrace that has Peter able to hear his bones crunching from where he stands.
mean.
‘So what’s our next steps? Now that Ajax can take the news that Deadpool is with the Avengers back to HYDRA where do we go?’ she asks, pushing aside all of her former questions to one side.
‘Now, now, Captain I think you’ll find you’re carrying something that belongs to
‘Yes, I just wanted to ask you a question. A rather important question and I’m not really sure how to go about it. I mean,’ the humanoid is visibly nervous and Peter has no idea what he’s talking about, ‘I mean I know it is a tradition to ask a male member of the family, but as she has no living relatives I initially thought I wouldn’t do it. Then I thought that she sees you as a brother and I thought it would be best to ask in case-’
Peter’s about to knock on the door when he hears talking from inside.
‘Err...right.’ How was he going to explain this?
‘Reminds me of the Walker Street fire,’ Peter says with a grin.
‘Are you trying to destroy the last of my confidence?’ she demands, turning to face her.
‘What’s happening?’ Scott asks.
‘I…look normally, if this were something in New York or somewhere I’d ask Pete to come with me and have my back but…I can’t ask him to come on this.’
‘You saying you didn’t trust me to lead them?’
‘Boss? Everyone has been alerted. Miss Wanda would like to know where you want them to meet you?’
‘Hang on,’ Agatha’s smile grows, ‘I’ve just realised who you are, handsome. You’re Doctor Strange. My, my Wanda you really are spoiling me, aren’t you?’
swear
‘Report in when you get there, then let us know when you’re on the way back unless you need us,’ he reminds her.
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you all enjoy this chapter, what do you think about Wade's suspicions? Thank you so much for the comments so far, I promise I'll get round to responding soon and I'm sorry I haven't done so yet. Please let me know what you think of this chapter - and about Steve pulling rank on Peter!
‘Two seconds Baby Boy!’
‘You know you don’t have to strangle someone to make them listen to you-’
‘Someone you know, Wade,’ Francis crows again as the figure looks up at me.
‘I know,’ the king smiles in reassurance as the team trek past them, having already said their goodbyes, putting their bags into the Quinjet. ‘Take care of yourself, Tony.’
‘He tried to take over the world, most of the world’s population is still on the fence or hating him. And you
‘What are you two whispering about now?’ Sam asks them; everyone is now back at the facility and they’ve just finished eating their own weight in pizza. Scott and Clint are due to arrive either tomorrow or the day after once they’ve made arrangements with their families; T’Challa should be with them tomorrow and is bringing Okoye, he’s leaving Shuri back in Wakanda as it’s easy enough to contact her should they need anything.
Steve looks over and sees another man, sharply dressed in an obviously expensive suit, with dark hair and eyes, and a goatee that accentuates a mouth that’s currently turned up in an amused grin. ‘No,’ he admits with a soft laugh, scratching the back of his head, ‘not that often.’
