"I'm in love with you," he says.
While he's waiting for the mugs to dry, he puts together a new set of shelves to go beside the fridge. The directions are deliberately confusing and he winds up with three extra screws, which seems a little weird, but at least the shelves are aligned properly. They stand three rows high, nearly the same height as the fridge itself, which is exactly what he was aiming for.
Steve stares at him. There is enough space between them that it would take more than one stride to cover it. Far enough that Tony would be able to get away, should he spring. Far enough that there is no crossing it. "So you love me and I love you, but we do nothing about it?"
“Halt prisoner!” He heard Dvorak scream behind him, but he didn’t look back, running with every bit of strength left in him and praying that it would be enough.
He remembered those hands. How they’d settled on his waist. Slid up his back.
“... any moment.”
"Not that I doubt your hunting abilities, but Willaminia did provide us with enough for a decent meal. We're not quite reduced to scavenging in the brush."
“No! No, we don’t, Stefen.” Tony yelled and Steve tried not to flinch at the sound, listening hard for more sounds in the kitchen beyond.
~*~*~*~
Steve sat, his hands clenched in his lap, bouncing one leg rapidly up and down, beating back the urge to get up and find Tony. The monk was only a few yards away in the engineer’s compartment with Rocket and Steve doubted the gruff mechanic would appreciate Steve hovering over them in such tight quarters. Rocket had been full of snarky replies to Quill’s ongoing commentary, and hadn’t welcomed Tony’s poking and prodding questions at first either. Until something Tony had said about an egg (of all things) had roped him into a debate about the dangers of drag… and well, Steve hadn’t seen either man since.  Only occasionally would the louder bits of their conversation float back into the bunks.
But the children… surely for them he would do anything?
“Can you carry her?”
Magda quickened her step charging around the corner, following her sisters lumpy form as Ona walked into the pen.
to help her. I broke one Stark. I think I could do it again.”
They were light little touches, barely anything to make a man’s limbs go weak and steal from him the strength to stand but Steve had to lock his knees just the same when Tony looked up at him through the dark fan of his eyelashes and murmured.
"But there's nothing wrong with singing! Can't you talk to father?" The child pouted up at Tony. "He listens to you."
“I need cover!” Bucky shouted before taking off, trusting Harrison and the girl to cover his back as he ran after the departing vehicle.
Father looked better now that he was clean, and he was shivering less with his fever abated somewhat, but it was only a marginal improvement.  They both watched helplessly as Bucky attempted to spoon feed him some soup without any success. Father’s throat was too raw to swallow, and he was too delirious to respond to any of their prompts to do it anyway.
“May I see?” Steve gestured to the kit hopefully. He could fix that, if Tony would let him. These were wounds he could dress. Something he knew well how to do.
“Even then.” Stefen answered, firmness in each syllable. “And like the mother in that story, I’d be proud to have children who were kind and brave and stood up against cruelty.”
Over Bakhuizen’s shoulder Stefan's eyes had turned glassy but the recognition in them was clear as they focused on Tony. If it were possible Stefen stiffened more.
Steve laid his hand over hers. She wouldn’t say it, but he suspected that deep down she was torn over whether she’d made the right choice, throwing her lot in with him. The women in Charlotte’s family had a reputation for strong wills. May Parker notwithstanding.
“I’m sorry Tony.” Stefen said after a long moment of silence where the air felt heavy around them and Tony’s heart heavy with it. But his spirits lightened at the soft sound of Stefen’s voice and the even softer way he brushed his lips against Tony’s temple, lips brushing at the sweat slick hair that curled there.
Tony carefully set the card on the side table near the couch. Turning back to Stefen he dragged his eyes slowly up and down the man’s form, from head to toe and when he met his gaze again he was gratified to see the flame of desire lit there once more.
He then shook his head, that had begun to ache again. When he acted right, he could show Rogers that he didn’t trust him and also never will — again? — because anything people ever did was screw him over. There had been a total of like 2 people that hadn’t only seen him as means to an end. He’d like to keep the count like that so he won’t let Rogers come too close.
The child had his eyebrows pulled together considerately, as if he was trying to find a flaw in the thing his father had just told him. He turned back to Rogers after a long minute of staring at Tony, making him feel uneasy.
Steve’s whole posture collapsed; he seemed smaller, as if he had just lost any hope for this conversation ending in his ideal way, whatever that had been.
And then they just stood there for the longest 5 minutes of Tony’s life, studying the floor, counting the cups on the shelf, planning exit routes, until Natasha finally took mercy on them all and broke the tensed silence.
problem,
He took a few more shallow breaths, feeling his heart beat rising.
Rogers didn’t break the damn eye contact. Tony really didn’t know what to do about it. He had literally never talked to a person who he could tease as much, try to make him feel embarrassed and still get no backing down.
The irony really was that it might have been the biggest fire he’d ever
“I’m all right.” This was, after all, the easiest lie for him to tell. He had used it so often already that it came naturally through his lips.
“And seriously 8th cup? I am beginning to think Clint isn’t the only one with a serious coffee issue here.”
“I can’t sign myself up for this kind of — failure,” Steve himself cringed over his expression, but didn’t change it, “I can’t just keep wondering my whole life if you really feel something for me or don’t and I — I am sorry, but I can’t do that.”
or the newest headline that speculated in what way the picture of Tony making out with a
To face the truth, food always has been a weak spot for him. It started so harmless and it wasn’t supposed to get out of hand so badly. It was good for him it gave him control, it made him feel alive and it was not serious.
. You’re a person too, y’know.” Rhodey turned back around to the TV, but obviously still listening to Tony.
There was nothing but pain but he was not injured and so confused. What was he supposed to do? He took deep breaths and looked up, trying to get a hold on something but he couldn’t.
badly but he
He decided to try at least. Apparently there were people who actually believed that he was a good person, who could do good. And anyway he’d be either positively surprised or prove the others wrong, so what did he have to lose, really.
expression.
He choked on his next breath, feeling sharp pain all over, burning through his veins and then just double in intensity once it reached his head.
kid is underneath it? I just — I don’t understand. Math I can do okay, I knew the solution to the equations you’re trying to figure out over there when I was five, but —”
Tony only heard a murmur on the other end and another laugh, which softened Steve’s expression. ”Listen to me, jerk. I don’t care if you only have one arm — what do you - it doesn’t have to be a fair fight. You deserve to have your ass kicked when you buy my son a dog.”
Yeah, it was not funny indeed. He wasn’t here to joke, he just wanted to know what the hell was going on.
“They’ll look the same, dear, but they’ll work better,” Tony answered, not looking up but still trying to maintain his posture. He needed to be reasonable about this. Fact was that he didn’t know if any of that what he dreamt was real. It might feel that way but this didn’t prove anything.
”Amazing,” Tony coughed and turned his head slightly to see if he could spot the parents of the boy. The parents or
”Do you want to join us?” Steve asked, turning his attention back to Tony, who filled himself another cup of coffee.
He returned Susann’s smile with a twist of lips somewhere between a smile and a grimace.
“I don’t know, bambina.” he finally managed to get out, forcing a smile on his face. “I very much hope so.”
That more than anything decided for Tony that there was something going on. Something very dangerous to them all but he knew before he even tried to questioning Stefen about it would be futile.
And then Steve had hit him. He'd hit his son.
Tony quickly pulled the blankets up where they had twisted around Stefen's legs and covered them both up until they were cocooned. He wrapped Stefen up within his harms and pressed close shushing him gently when he started awake with a violent jerk.
Every word they said to him seemed like a prelude to a trap. One wrong answer, one wrong look and they were ready to pounce, the Führer himself looming like a judge at the end of the table. Sweat collected on the back of Steve’s neck, and he caught himself thinking far too often that he never should have let Tony leave. Tony could match wits with these sharks. Steve was all left feet. Not schooled enough to know what half of their fancy words meant or how to spot the hidden nooses in the ways they spun them.
Artur frowned and continued to swing Steve's arm, thinking deeply about the question.
Additionally, we meet other rom in this chapter (Yay!) and we just want to remind you that the only people who can tell you 100% what it is like to be rom are Roma people. As they tend to be private with their culture and are made up of a whole tapestry of different groups with varying histories and practices, we chose to pay homage by blending many traditions together. Please do not walk away from this story thinking it is going to make you an expert. Rather we hope it opens your heart to a forgotten victim of the Holocaust and inspires you toward wanting to be closer to your fellow man and hear their stories.
“You’ll have a code book and I’ll arrange for a runner to come for the messages you’ve transcribed. Be sure before you agree. It’ll be dangerous, putting your voice out there. If the Germans ever intercept a broadcast they will be looking for you.”
“Taking into account that we started with two apples and the apples are delivered at a rate of twice weekly, four crates a delivery. How many apples can we expect to have at the end of the month if, say, a crate contains ten apples?” Tony asked, looking out over his comatose audience.
Natacha gave him a sharp look and Péter winced, grumbling under his breath. Tony suspected she’d stomped on his foot.
"Your hair is sticking up in the back James." She informed Bucky, still watching her younger brother closely as he begrudgingly cleaned himself up.
“Why not start now? Between you and I we could build an atomic reactor! We can get the proper tools and together I’m sure we could figure out how to isolate U-235, and if we can’t, well then maybe there’s a way to create our own element. That’s possible right? It has to be possible -”
But predictably Stefen’s focus caught on the one thing Tony had kind of hoped to slide under his radar.
He lay the book in Stefen’s hands and the captain paused, staring at it with an unreadable expression before he took a breath and lifted the cover. Tony and Bucky wasted no time moving in close to read over his shoulder.
“The wandervogel are dreamers. Silly children with backward thoughts who refused to grow up.” Natacha challenged and Tony smiled, because if she thought he was going to ask the children to start challenging the thoughts of others and then get mad when she challenged his, she was mistaken.
He clenched his fingers tightly around the stick he still held, the wood creaking dangerously. They were just words. No better than Tony should expect from a Nazi officer. But he didn’t think he could handle hearing them and he wondered when he’d been so stupid as to start falling for Captain Rogers.
1. FIOT and I wanted to do the horrors of this particular night justice. Between the two of us we've spent hours reading personal accounts, memoirs from survivors, and reading official accounts and records. We've chosen to take details from these accounts in homage. The horror you are about to witness are all things people really survived, though perhaps not all in the same towns.
Bethany had said, and her father was a subscriber. The Tucks had a copy of the issue in the window, but in a place that was almost so out of the way one nearly had to know it was there to ask for it. Tony’s gaze flew back to the little book of names, his mind working quickly through the problem.
Schmidt barked out a laugh.
It took some effort to convince Artur that hitting notes was less about shouting progressively louder and more about pitching his voice, but Tony was pleased by the time they’d packed up their picnic and begun the reverse journey home to have pushed prodded and groomed all seven children into performing a startlingly professional sounding round.
“Then where were you?!” Where was she when anyone could have snuck into the house, when Stark, a stranger, could have snuck into the children’s rooms and done just about anything, when they’d been screaming the house awake? Steve’s blood was pounding so hard in his ears that for a moment he almost didn’t hear it when the monk spoke.
He brushed a stray strand of hair out of his son's eyes and let his head rest against Ian’s.
Yes, he was a good man Philips. The best Steve had ever served under. He’d stuck his neck out for Steve time and time again, and Steve had always returned the favor on the battlefield.
“Stevie.” Bucky called, leaning into the door frame for support. Stefen looked up at him and Bucky noted that he’d been right, despite his relaxed posture Stefen was wide awake and alert.
“All over Salzburg” the mayor confirmed in a weak, defeated tone, and Steve cursed, unclenching his grip on the window sill. He glanced at the clock and cursed again. The children where likely still at their rehearsal. They might have wrapped up early, might even now be safely on their way home but Steve couldn’t take the chance.
“Understood.” Stefen nodded gravely, rising stiffly from his chair to shake the agent’s hand.
This kiss was not as seductive as the others. It was deep and tender, and if it lingered, it was only because he seemed desperate to savor it. That was a feeling Tony knew all too well, and Stefen was not the only one to blame for how slow their lips were to part this time or how close they remained when they paused for breath, just staring into one another’s eyes.
If they had lived closer to the village, groups of carolers would have come by throughout the morning on their way to see the giant tree set up in the center of the square. This close to the mountains it was quiet as a tomb, but to Steve's mind no less beautiful for it. It seemed like just yesterday he and Peggy had driven out here for the first time. He’d parked the car not far from where the drive was now, and they’d walked toward the lake ringed with trees at the foot of the blue mountains. He’d spread his arms out and said,
All around them were the marks of industry, expansion, and that hardest to rid imprint of them all, time. Architectural splendor rose up alongside the rustic structures of previous centuries in the city center, joining the past with the present in a visually effortless marriage (though anyone with a newspaper knew it to be far from the truth). Even Tony had been humming with excitement by the time Harold had pulled up next to the Grand Hotel, the prospect of so much art, so much vitality and
He nodded his agreement and Stefen stiffly gestured for him to go first, so Tony pushed away from the open door and stepped into the back garden, waiting for Stefen to join him.
"I'd hardly call you a distraction" Steve tried and she gave him another droll look.
The man really didn’t know when to quit did he?
In the window sat a crude little menorah, obviously made by a child’s hands, with two of the skinny candles brightly lit within its holders. Tony recognized it as the one that Grig had made when he was seven with Nonno. He’d been so proud of it that Nonna had put it in the window. Tony had been jealous, not just because Nonna was proud of Grig in a way that she couldn’t be proud of him, but because Grig got to come back each night and light another candle and Tony never did.
Bucky and the band had just started up familiar chords on the strings and it felt like an opportune time to intervene.
The kitchen maid Hortense was always the first up, in order to prepare the kitchen for Willamina’s arrival. After the nights where she went home to her grandfather she and Cameron often walked in from the village of Hof-Bei together, getting up at four each morning to make the hour trip. By the time Willamina got dropped off by her husband the old stove would be heated up, pans pulled from the icebox and the flour and the potatoes already begun their peeling.
Hitler Youth just like the ones who now filled the great hall of the Führer’s winter home, along with Ian and the younger boys from the Jungvolk. There were rows of them. The best of them, or so everyone said. Row upon row of blond heads. Muscles taut, eyes blank, all facing the Führer who was standing on a podium at the front for the room festooned with laurel leaves and swastikas. He was flanked by Himmler, Göring, and the other party leaders giving a speech that Ian was doing his best to block out.
“I know it would be sensible to go with the children and accept the life of ease you’re so eager to offer me. It wouldn’t be any more difficult than devoting my life to God was.” He admitted in a thin, tired voice.
“You said you were out hunting with your pa?” Dagmar questioned him after Ian had taken a few more gulps of the hot drink and some of the blue had faded from around his lips. Ian nodded and the balding man grunted, his eyes flickering over Ian’s strange attire. For the first time he considered what he must look like in a handmade wool vest that was little more than a blanket with a hole cut in it, bound tightly around him with burlap. Leg and arm warmers made of fur rug.
As Ian and Péter rose from their seats and reluctantly gathered their things, James still looked as if he were deciding whether or not to expend the energy on having a fit and Tony tried to cut him off at the crossroad.
It is not entirely true that women are exclusively ruled by their emotions, and it is to be hoped that no officer, when selecting a woman for training as an agent, will choose the type of woman whose makeup is overemotional. On the other hand, the emotional makeup of a properly balanced woman can very often be utilised in investigation; and it is a fact that woman's intuition is a direct result of her rather complex emotions. That a woman's intuition is sometimes amazingly helpful and amazingly correct has been well established, and, given the right guiding hand, this ability can at times save an Intelligence Officer an enormous amount of trouble.
“Your father intended you to return home after the first war, but in case of the worst he left provisions for your upkeep and continued safety here.” Nik said, and Tony was quick to try and stave off whatever as yet unspoken ‘but’ was attached to the end of that statement.
“It’s shameful how many people seem content to just leave the poor wretches to their lot. We’re damned lucky there is finally someone in power with the backbone to stick up for decent hard working Germans. It’s a new world out there, let France and Britain blow their horns all they want. The Führer’s armies will make them regret it. You’ll see” the man crowed. Tony wanted to smack him.
“Whatever he wants Holmes. I’m not going to send my men into battle just to be slaughtered.” Pike warned, glaring at the official but Holmes was just looking at Tony. Considering him.
“Signor Carboni?”
Bucky sat out on the dock, lost in thought as he looked out over the lake. The days passed too quickly now that there was an end in sight, and Bucky was making a point to spend as much time with the children before he and Steve had to depart for Vienna as possible.
"Tony."
"We're not going to have lessons today I think," he announced to them as he took his usual seat. His announcement wasn't met with any enthusiasm or much acknowledgement at all. Only Artur bothered to look at him, the little boy nodding slightly as his shoulders drooped. He took a fast hitching breath like he might start sobbing and Tony tensed, relieved when no tears came.
“Father?”
It wasn’t up to Steve. It had never been up to Steve. But it was clearly the wrong thing to say. Tony's face drained of color and he fisted his trembling hands tightly. Steve wanted to shout at him again, demand to know why he bothered to hold back. If he thought so ill of Steve why not just take a swing at him? Why were they still slinging these useless words at each other?
The chain released, Steve stepped forward on shaking legs, praying they’d hold him as his muscles cramped and protested every movement. He paused for a moment, pulling his face into some approximation of a smile, glad that the fear making the blood throb in his ears could only be heard by him.
Steve closed his eyes and let the rattle and roar of the engines wash over him as the Warbird cut through the sky, eating up the miles between them and their destination. He counted each breath.
It was a barely missed step but still a missed one as Frau Hogan huffed a startled laugh but she quickly regained her footing as she began to lead him toward the stairs, leaving him no option but to follow.
“For weeks yet.” Steve grunted, sobering at the thought. “You don’t need to tag along to every destination, Charlotte. If you need to go home for a while I wouldn’t hold it against you.”
There was water pooling in the front hall, flowing down the steps like a flooded sink over words painted in bold letters over the stone.
Hammer was furious about the situation. He kept stomping around the house and urging the men to do increasingly more drastic things to get into the lab with the fervor of someone obsessed. He’d just love it if they could, the bastard. Then the Abwehr would see all that Tony had created. They’d find the plans for the explosives and the boat and no doubt tie him to the events at Dachau.
“But why all these slow dreary ballads?” He asked with an exaggerated expression of distaste and Maria giggled.
“Yes. It’s not everything but I can get more. I’d be at the heart of their operation.” Tony began to persuade and Steve sobered, blinking out of his daze.
“I was married Tony.”
Stefen leaned down to drag out the large green trunk out from under the seat by its protruding handle. After a nod from Tony, he settled it on Tony’s lap (Christ it was heavy) to rifle through the contents. He found canned meat and a kind of flat biscuit that didn’t pretend to be appetizing, but also, wonder of wonders, chocolate bars wrapped in tin foil.
They’d left Steve alone locked in a cold dirty room with only his thoughts for comfort. But his thoughts were far from comforting. His body – whatever they’d left him with after the beating – was a mess but his mind was worse.  All those weeks of pills and drugs, surgeries and tests had left his mind as scarred as a war zone and just as upheaveled.
Péter was nearly sure he knew the answer - it was the old man - but knowing it had his stomach seized in knots.
he knew his own child, he knew she was there – but it was not Maria’s face he saw, but that of a stranger. “Please, Stefen. You’re frightening the poor child.”
Tony had to call a stop to it when Natacha (ever competitive) slid off her bicycle onto the road. Tony’s heart nearly leapt into his throat as Maria went tumbling into the grass, the bicycle barely missing her by inches. Natacha was up and across the ground before Tony had even managed to slide to a stop. By the time he’d hoisted Sara out of the basket Natacha had already scooped Maria off the ground and was petting her hair and cooing at her as the tiny girl wailed in distress.
The children would be desperate for news, he knew that, but it was the shake in the other man’s voice that made Tony decide to stand. He was not the only one nearly broken by this. Hearing Bucky sound like that unnerved him, and judging by the pinched look on the ex-soldier’s face he was just as uncomfortable and just as eager for Tony to disappear and say nothing of it as he was.
“You’re confused Herr Stark. You are in no position to offer us conditions.”
Bucky had thought that after agreeing to spend the day sparring with the children that Steve would be insistent on going back to his office in order to finalize their preparation for the meeting in Vienna; and maybe he would have, if not for the monk.
“Addio, Capitano.”
Charlotte was under no impression that the experience would be a pleasant one. No. It was better all-around to slip from the country while her father's name might still be able to buy her way out, and let the public think what they'd like in her absence. The scandal would be horrible, and her parents would have to disavow her, but she liked to believe that even they would rather see her in exile than tortured and imprisoned.
The armor is freezing cold as it wraps around him. He's lifted, gently lowered to the ground. "Stay with me, Steve," Tony pleads.
They've been here a while already, and Steve is starting to wish for a bottle of water or even some coffee. His fake beard is itchier than he expected, and the borrowed boots are too big. But nothing can beat the smile on the kids' faces when they sit down and tell him what they want for the holidays.
“Okay,” Steve said.
"Working on it," Iron Man says crisply as he flies past.
Still, some things need to be done. He starts with the rolls of blueprints, which all lie on the floor right where they fell when Tony pushed them aside. He's a little curious as to what's on them, given that he's pretty certain the only plans Tony works off of these days are completely digital, but he's not curious enough to actually unroll them and take a look. Maybe later. Maybe when he's finished.
Even from across the room, Tony commands attention. He's in a red dress shirt, and his tie has little Christmas lights that blink off and on. He's drinking water, and in one hand he holds a tiny plate with a couple stray meatballs. He looks good. Good enough to kiss.
The girl looks at Tony, a question written all over her face.
It was nearly dawn when he arrived at the Tower. After a brief exchange with the AI that ran the building, Tony landed on the roof and let himself in. Just as he had wanted, no alarms went off, no alerts were broadcast, and no one was informed of his arrival. He was alone, the way he had been all week.
For an instant Tony gives him that look again, like he can't figure out what's happening, like he's suddenly all nervous. Steve doesn’t like seeing that, but again there's nothing he can do about it, so he just forges ahead. "It shouldn't take too long."
After this weekend, though, he has another idea in mind. And it's all due to Tony.
Steve saw the Captain America uniform as soon as he walked in, of course. He knows he was meant to see it. It's bait, something put on display for him to notice and wonder about. Probably there were at least a dozen scripts in Tony's head that began with Steve asking about the uniform, scripts he's had to abandon.
"No" Tony says without missing a beat. "I'm giving it an AI. I think all coffeemakers should come equipped with a snooty voice asking if you really need that third cup."
He knows it's not that easy, of course. Tony's issue of feeling like he isn't worthy of Steve's love isn't going to go away just because of two kisses. But Steve is willing to kiss him as many times as it takes. He's going to tell Tony how much he loves him every single day. And every single night, too.
Without a word Tony leads him over to a corner of the armory that looks like it was once upon a time meant for comfort. There’s an old battered couch, currently covered with rolled up blueprints, an old Iron Man coffee mug missing the handle, and what might or might not be a few of Clint’s old arrows. Tony hurriedly gathers all this up and dumps it on the floor. Steve watches with a wince as the coffee mug rolls down the hill of blueprints, but the shattering he expects never happens; the red mug comes to rest against a set of plans and is safe.
“Husband needs to pry me from the workshop then.” Tony squeezed Steve’s fingers and begged for coffee. “Once this project for SI is approved, then I’ll be back in bed stealing your blankets, baby. Now, coffee! Please, darling?”
Pretend that it’s just him and Tony in the penthouse, spending a night in after finishing two boxes of pizza. No Avengers business or an intergalactic crisis, just the two of them, happy. He plants his front, feeling the warmth of Tony’s back on his chest, the beat of his pulse, and with his other hand, he caresses Tony’s pecs, the way someone might do when they’re saying goodbye to a grave.
But Steve still struggles to sleep in a bed not made for him, alone, without another heartbeat to focus on. Back in the war, men slept on top of each other in thin cots, or if they were lucky, bunks. On the run, he’d always have Wanda’s, Sam’s, and Natasha’s breath to count.
Steve waved at her, forced a smile to his face. “Sometimes I wish they didn’t look so much like him. But they’re the only thing about him that I have left.”
But Steve’s used to that by now.
Steve removes the belt and sets it on the chair. Tony doesn’t hold his breath.
“Something on your mind?” Steve sits closer to him, bumping their shoulders, too free with his affection.
“But better than not having one at all,” Steve replies.
Dead. In the deep. In the dark. That's where you are, too, Steve. Dead in the water. See you soon.
He was too old for it, but he didn’t pull away. Instead, he bumped Steve’s shoulder with a wry grin.
It’s worth it, he doesn’t say. He keeps his mouth shut and stares at the photos on the wall. Again and again, his eyes drift to Tony and the original team from years ago.
Natasha sat across for him and finished off Carol’s drink. “Grief is a hard thing to deal with, Steve. It’s alright to take breaks. You don’t always have to be so…”
Maybe he likes driving because there’s always movement. Even if he’s just sitting in this car, ashamed at living in his own skin. In the road, there’s always direction, somewhere to go, a place to run to.
His children always floored him with simple words and casual mentions of Tony. Steve swallowed, wishing he could get up and excuse himself.
“Well, I’ll be damned. You’re actually here,” Tony says, interrupting his thoughts.
Steve looked for Peter’s support. “You alright, Peter?”
Steve's brain rattles and his thoughts bounce like ping pongs he could never afford to play in arcades growing up. Tap, tap, tap, to the beat of his heart. Tony, Tony, Tony, synonymous to a red and yellow suit that falls out of the sky like a meteor.
“Morgan.” Steve bit down the curse on his lips. It wasn’t good that they were here, seeking Tony’s presence in this way. Surely, it meant they weren’t moving on? He’d have to schedule another meeting with their therapist. He told them not to go here. He asked them to leave the workshop alone. “I don’t think it’s good that you all are here.”
It’s still true.
He straightened his back, catching Tony’s hand and pausing them before he could flip to the next page. Tony frowned, looking at Steve with searching eyes.
In the morning, Tony woke up alone. No note from Steve.
Even walking was hard, but he loved it when Steve carried him. He always had a tiny smile on his face whenever Steve would lift him up from their bedroom and bring him to the bathroom. There was no shame in Tony’s eyes when Steve washed him in their tub.
If so, he’s already paid.
“We, or
He didn’t know how to give up. Maybe that’s the worst thing about him. He’s gonna live because he has to. That’s all he can do now. Breathe. Eat. Pretend he was moving on so that the kids could too.
Steve always thought that when he fell in love it would hit him like a lightning bolt. It would be a Moment with a capital letter. An epiphany that would forever change his entire world. He never thought it would happen so quietly that he barely noticed it. And he certainly never thought he would be wearing a Santa costume when it happened.
Tony Stark, who gave his heart to Steve Rogers tonight.
Tony looks stricken. "I would nev-- No, Steve. I wouldn't do that to you."
“Maybe I did,” Tony said. He didn’t give a shit. “And maybe I just wanted to see you again.” He took another step, and then he was there, directly in front of Steve. Close enough to smell the sleep warmth of him. Close enough for every hair on his arms to stand up in a thrill of anticipation.
He stands near an artful arrangement of armchairs and nurses his drink: just plain eggnog, no liquor added. He's supposed to be talking with Thor and Jane Foster right now, but in plain truth, most of his focus is on Tony.
They had argued before he left New York. “Why don’t you want me to come with you?”
He feels it, though, at the moment of impact. There is pain then. A lot of pain.
"Yesterday during the holiday event, I realized something," Steve says. He's not only flushing now, his heart is racing. He thinks he might actually be sweating.
It staggers Steve's mind to realize how deeply Tony hates himself. How determined he is to deny himself anything he thinks he doesn't deserve. But that's not something he can put in words, not when he's still adjusting to the idea that he gets to love Tony at all.
But Tony had refused to hear it. “You’ve got things of your own to do,” he had said. “I don’t want you just hanging around all day, waiting on me.”’
December 10th is another dreary winter Monday. Steve gets up early and goes for a run, the way he always does. The cold doesn't really bother him, and he likes being outside, stretching his muscles, greeting the people he sees most every morning. Some of them are joggers like himself. Some are on their way to work, or just coming home from the night shift. He thinks most of them know who he is, but none of them have ever been crass enough to say anything to him.
Not that anyone would call an attack by the Serpent Society peaceful.
"No," Tony says quietly. "I meant it."
"All right," Tony says.
Silence fills the space around them. Despite his anguish, Steve feels his heart slow. He is calm again. It occurs to him that he too knows how this will end.
Now that he knows what it feels like, he never wants it to end.
Tony won't look at him. Steel bands constrict about Steve's chest. They may have temporarily deviated from the script, but he's all too afraid he knows what comes next. "Don't you dare say we shouldn't have done that." He can't bear the thought of Tony ruining the moment they just shared.
"Thank you," Steve says with genuine gratitude. He's never been a flier, like Tony or Rhodey or Carol. His fight is on the ground, at street level, where the debris and damage tends to be a lot worse, depending on who they're facing. It eases his mind to know he can wade into the fray now without worrying about his own safety so much. It frees him up to do so much more, help so many more people.
"And?" he prompts.
There is an immediate press toward the large living room. Steve stands aside, letting other guests go ahead of him. Across from him, Tony does the same.
"So what happens now?" Steve asks.
Tony squeezes back, then lets go. He drifts away to join the crowd, adding his voice of encouragement to the others, while unseen in the winter sky above them, an Iron Man drone circles constantly, ensuring nothing happens to disrupt the party Jan worked so hard to put together. Tony Stark, so brilliant and selfless, who gives so much of himself.
It's another cold day, though the skies are clear, with no snow forecast. There won't be a white Christmas in New York this year. Steve doesn't mind. He's just glad to be alive.
Startled, Tony stopped in mid-flight. He had been flying due east, he realized. Heading for New York without even thinking about it
Yes, he does know that. Once again Tony has decided on his own what's best for everyone involved. Without consulting them. Without even talking to them. He's applied his great big brain to the problem and come up with what he absolutely believes is the only possible solution.
As usual with these guys, it starts with a failed bank robbery. But it quickly escalates into a pitched battle in the streets, because someone apparently has decided to bankroll these losers. And they have far greater tech than Steve has ever seen before. Even after they've been fighting for a while, with damaged buildings and rubble all around them, the Serpent Society persists. Instead of fleeing, the masked members gathers in the middle of the road, safe behind a shimmery bubble of wavy blue light.
Santa Cap at the VA is a big hit. The kids love him, and so do the veterans, some of whom are old enough to legitimately play Santa without having to resort to a fake beard. Though he let the press know about it, only three TV stations show up to interview him. To all of them he says the same thing. "I was inspired by Tony Stark, and our most recent Avengers charity event."
He's rearranging the coffee mugs for the third time, trying to find an arrangement that is practical and also aesthetically pleasing, when he hears the doors open. He spins around quickly, but isn't quite in time to catch Tony walking in.
The fact that he knows this makes Steve's heart miss a beat. He's seen Tony laugh tonight already, and it was the real thing. Not many people can say that.
Steve pretends he didn't hear that. Anyone without his hearing would have missed it anyway, it was so quiet.
“That I hate Tech Week,” Tony said.
Standing on the balcony of his hotel, Tony looked up into the night sky and felt an almost overwhelming urge to get out. Anywhere would do. He just could not take one more moment of Vegas and its blinding lights.
Tony meets his gaze head on. For him, the outcome of their talk is already a foregone conclusion. He has been anticipating this encounter for days. Planning for it. In Tony's head there are a thousand scripts already produced. He can deviate at any moment to follow the one he needs. He has already written their conversation, giving Steve any and all the words that might be said.
Steve considers it. He could do it. He really could. There's enough mistletoe hanging from random doorways to give him the perfect excuse.
Pinned to the rubble by the metal piercing his back and shoulders, Steve watches the rest of his team finish the fight. The shimmery force field seems to be blinking in and out now. Though Steve concedes that might just be his own failing vision.
It's the use of his first name that finally clues Steve in. This is actually happening. Tony means every single word he says. He's not being coy or manipulative or digging for compliments. He is terribly, horribly, sincere.
There is no way such a simple answer can be right. "What do you mean, nothing?"
"And I would never do anything to jeopardize that," Steve says. He can feel the heat on his cheeks. He knows he’s making a complete mess of this. "I hope you know that."
And at last he feels like he has finally come home.
The bedroom he and Steve shared was several floors down. Leaving the suit behind, Tony took the elevator down. He would stop in the bathroom to freshen up first, he decided, maybe brush his teeth and comb his hair. His tuxedo shirt was wrinkled and the bowtie lost in the hotel room in Vegas, but he could still make himself look presentable. Steve deserved that much.
happen."
And just how long has Tony been watching him anyway? He hasn't been standing there very long, that's one thing he can be sure of. But even when he's not physically present, Tony has plenty of ways to see what's happening inside this Tower. Especially his own armory.
“What was that?” Steve asked. Even in the dim light of the hallway, his eyes were a vivid blue.
Silence falls between them, although the armory itself is not silent. The 3-D printer is in motion, and in the far corner a bot is machining a flat piece of metal. Tony's smile falters a little, then disappears entirely. "Did you need something, Cap?"
It's not bad, though. In fact, it's actually a lot of fun. Many of the city's superheroes are dressed up as elves of some sort, though Steve isn't quite sure what Clint is supposed to be. Even the ones who don't celebrate Christmas are here, for the sake of the kids; he's seen Ben Grimm walking around with his arms looped with baskets of free candy canes.
It does not explain why his heart beats so rapidly.
Steve looks up at him. It's actually harder to breathe now that he's lying flat. His damaged lungs don't like it. But the look on Tony's face, the pure love shining in those eyes, is worth it. "You do love me," he breathes.
Tony holds out his hand. Without hesitation, the little girl takes his hand. Together they walk up to where Steve sits surrounded by empty boxes wrapped to look like enormous gifts and sprayed with fake snow.
"What I saw in Seattle with A.I.M..." Tony says. "It's kept me up at night. If that new tech gets out..."
"About what I expected," Tony says. "It rained a lot. My tech was the best at the expo. Stopped A.I.M. from blowing up a sizable chunk of the planet. Typical Tuesday."
With all his strength, he pushes himself forward. Pain rips through him, but he manages to get free. He can see his shield lying on the street, where he was standing before. Just waiting for him to retrieve it. It's not far. He can do this.
Steve goes willingly. He would follow Tony anywhere.
Tony looks like he can't decide if he should laugh or cry. "You idiot," he sobs, "of course I love you."
And he wonders then how Tony even got here. Did he come all this way in the armor? Or did he drag it out, take the time to fly on his private jet, a laptop on his knee the whole time?
Steve can't help it. He knows it's a trap, but at least he walks into it with his eyes open. "Tony, it's Saturday."
Tony glances away. Steve resists the urge to take his chin and make him look at him. "Tony?"
"I wouldn't have missed it," Steve says.
At last the meal wraps up and he can leave the table. He finds a solitary stretch of hallway to ask his question, the one that's been on the tip of his tongue all morning.
"How are you?" Tony asks. He stands up. He's dressed in a white tank top and jeans. Summer clothes. Working clothes.
Across from him, Tony goes very still, staring back at him. Then he turns toward the next kid in line, and focuses all his attention on them.
When it's her turn, the girl moves forward only because her mom makes her walk ahead. She's already half-turned away, her face a mask of anxiety.
hurt."
He stands up and turns to look down at Tony. From here he can see the way Tony sits rigidly straight, his head up. "I do know you," he says. He has the sudden but thankfully brief urge to lean in and rest his hand on Tony's shoulder. But that would be too patronizing, and anyway he doesn't think he can touch Tony right now. Not if he hopes to maintain his composure.
"My stingers can probably get through," Wasp says. "But I can't get close enough to try." She lacks any kind of armor, nothing to keep her safe if she gets too close to the spitting edge of the bubble.
And predictably, Steve had bristled. “Is that you what you think? That I’d just sit around, ‘waiting on you?’”
“Not here, Stefen. Not yet.”
. If I became a political prisoner or was handed over to the German authorities where would that leave you?”
"I can help!" Péter immediately protested.
That was okay Ian decided. He could do it. He would do it.
Tony stared at the captain’s last letter as if the hundredth read would move the ink and rearrange the words into something less damning. But they stayed they same, their meaning unmistakble and their implications making a mockery of Tony as he wrestled with a feeling inexplicably close to betrayal, a feeling as damning as it was ludicrous, given whose house he was living in. Rogers was an officer of the Reich and he had not forgotten that.
Péter thought Tony was the best teacher they'd ever had and he knew his siblings agreed... but Natacha was always so concerned with the rules now and Ian wouldn't know how to break a rule if it killed him. The little boys were just little. James and Artur would never try and hurt Tony on purpose but they could both be bull-headed, and sooner or later they were going to say something they shouldn't and someone was going to ask where they got their ideas.
“Pardon me, Frau Ursala, but I owe my star pupil a dance.”
Though Tony did not reply to his knock Péter slowly opened the door, his brown head of hair poking inside before he cautiously crossed the threshold. He paused in the doorway, his eyes catching on a spot on the wall near the window where the remnants of a broken bottle lay scattered beneath a large creeping stain.
"What?!" Father barked, his voice harsh and loud in the stillness around them and she winced. Still she mustered up the courage to speak, holding eye contact even as he gazed down at her with frustrated impatience.
“You won’t – you won’t let –“ he tried to get out over a thick tongue and Tony just watched him with sympathy, pity thankfully nowhere in sight.
A blast of cold wind met Bucky as he left the Starlite tavern and he shivered, hunching his shoulders tight to his body for warmth. He was ready to be done with the cat and mouse game he was playing with Striker and home by the fire instead. He chuckled, thinking darkly to himself that for all that he gave Stefen a hard time, Bucky had gone just as soft in his own way.
It was altogether too easy to get lost in these games with the Captain, trading barbs and parrying wits; and allowing himself to forget the damning truth that Tony was a Jew, and Stefen a Nazi officer. He would like it if his suspicions about Stefen’s involvement in treasonous activities would prove to be true, but the evidence was at best conflicting. He couldn’t shake it out of his mind, his Nonna’s words, and the memory of watching Stefen arm his children. There was a deep aching sadness growing within him each afternoon, dressing the children into their uniforms and sending them off, each time knowing they’d come back a little less innocent, a little more confused, a little harder in their hearts.
Tony’s words.
Was he done?
“No. We’ll all eat together. Anyone who has a problem with that can just go hungry.”
They took the train into Rotunde Station. James had been excited to show off what they’d learned in that mornings lesson about the railway system to the indulgent ticket man, but as the line behind them was rather less indulgent Stefen had hurried them along with the promise that there would be plenty more train riding to be had.
Steve grunted softly, his breath hitching.
“Here, by…” Magda looked around. The only thing that looked stable enough to hold him was the pen she kept their oldest and dearest goat in. Well, if needs must. “Over here.”
A few moments later thirst got the better of him and he made his way to the kitchen, stepping over the men sleeping on the floor.
“Stefen.” Bucky lowered his voice, eyes flickering to the driver. “I know it’s the last thing you want to hear, but you can still run.”
“That,” Bucky gestured vaguely at Steve. “Sound all posh and uppity, with your high class German. It makes me want to shit in your mouth.”
“Harold!” he hollered as he barreled down the last steps and into the hall below, uncaring who he woke up. “Pepper!”
"There's a lot in the book about gods and monsters, Antony. I’ve seen enough to know the monsters are real. Why not the gods?” Nik replied with a sort of nonchalance that didn’t suggest he was a holy abbot, confessing he had any sort of doubts about the existence of god. “I believe that there is a force of good that rises up to fight the battles that we can't fight on our own. That belief, that hope… men need that. Even men like you Stark.”
Steve held his glass up and watched the dark liquor fill it.
“No.” Natacha admitted with a slight shake of her head even though Steve didn’t need her to. “They left to find their family. I only said they were sick to give them time.”
The urge to figure Stefen out, what made his mind tick, all the things he kept so readily behind locked lips had never faded. And now? Tony desperately wanted to pull him apart like a theorem, undo all of his tight corners until he understood him.
~*~~*~
"Why not? He doesn't care about us. Nobody cares about us or they wouldn't lie all the time!" James insisted with a shout and Charlotte jumped in, dreading one of the boy's infamous melt downs.
~*~*~
Ian shrank, feeling ashamed of being found like this but Peter didn’t comment on it or make fun of him. He shut the door gently behind himself and loped over on his long skinny legs. He barely waiting for Ian to move his legs before he plopped himself down.
When he’d eaten his full Tony settled back into the grass and closed his eyes. He could sense the children staring at him, shuffling nervously, unsure what to do next.
“Yes Captain?” Tony prompted without turning around, poised still to follow after the others.
worried and I’m not a baby like Artur, I can know things! What’s the big deal? It’s just sleeping.” the little boy insisted heatedly, crossing his arms over his chest as he glared at his father.
Every morning since the army had mobilized and the captain had been called away, the house staff would gather in the kitchen before the children’s breakfast to break bread and listen to the morning news report. Pepper and Harold had their little cabin on the grounds but with the Captain gone, Pepper had taken up permanent residence at the house. The morning meal was a chance for them to reacquaint and share a few precious moments together now that Harold was forced to spend his days playing groundskeeper since Sam and all the day workers Sefen had once employed were gone.
Tony blinked in surprise at the rapid fire questions but recovered quickly, arching a brow suspiciously at Natacha.
“Slow down soldier, medicine first.”
He didn't know what else to do, what else to say to ease the storm in his son's eyes.
“Your family arrived but a moment ago. They’ve been escorted up to your suite. As requested you’ve been given the Presidential with a connecting room. Also, a message was left for you from Oxford. Will you be needing to make any travel arrangements?” the smartly dressed concierge inquired as he handed Steve a small thick card with writing on it.
Frauline Boehringer chewed her lip, her eyes wide but her voice steady as she replayed.
“Good. There’s going to be a broadcast on that date and time. Will the radio you built be able to pick it up?” Stefen asked and Tony was nodding almost before he was finished speaking.
What would Bruce do with a troubled patient?
Stefen twisted, and they both leaned to peer out into the sitting room where the children were happily dancing around their uncle. Tony recognized parts of it from one of the dances Natacha had taught them.  The boys were clapping and kicking their feet while the girls twirled. Maria didn’t look half bad spinning gleefully alongside her sisters. Sara was a wobbling mess of giggles but was all the more adorable for it, and Natacha was as graceful as a spinning top. There was a wide grin on her face.
“If you stare at me like that during dinner, you’ll land us both in trouble.” Tony murmured lowly, mindful of the driver, and Steve allowed himself one more moment to drink him in before dutifully moving his gaze somewhere else. Thankfully the car had reached the front steps of the main lodge and had slowed to a stop.
“Emil. He wants to marry me.” She repeated.
~*~*~
Péter gaped at the admission, opening his mouth as if he might protest by route and Steve shook his head, tilting the corner of his mouth in a rueful grin.
Schmidt dismissed him with an impatient flick of his wrist and Dvorak made his way to the waiting car, the Sargent whose name he could not remember waiting with the door held open.
“Look after yourself!” He yelled, throat tight. “Write!”
With the swiftness of a striking viper Bakhuizen had grabbed him by the arm and pushed him violently up against the door. Tony went still as the ex-soldier leaned very close, eyes glinting murderously and hissed.
“What about the cabin?” Bucky asked after a long moment and Tony looked between them with a questioning glance.
His own feelings weren't any easier to sort out. He'd never been free to indulge in his attraction toward his own sex, let alone anything deeper. Arguably he wasn't free to do it now, except there was nothing as freeing as the knowledge of imminent death. He couldn’t be certain of when, only that it was coming and that he was determined he wouldn't go to his death denying the few things that still brought him happiness.
He forced his legs to move and they held. Good. Schmidt was waiting.
His eyes weren’t hurting for nice things to look at. Stefen’s long legs for one, the entirely unfair tininess of his waist juxtaposed against those broad shoulders, the crisp uniform that made those shoulders look even broader. Take your pick.
Three hours later Major Rogers stomped through the door. He went straight away to his desk, barley stopping to acknowledge Dvořák all together. Christ. Rogers was in a foul mood. Dvořák was tempted to call attention to his rude behavior. Perhaps he thought that meant he no longer had to pay the proper respect, they may both be the same rank now but Dvořák still had seniority.
Cool hands covered his.
He opened his mouth to ask when Natacha cut him off.
“Then perhaps you should be clearer.” Steve snapped his nerves razor sharp.
On days when Steve was well enough to go with, Bucky’s ma used to make p
‘I can’t change this’ Steve wanted to say, implored silently in some bitter hope that whatever distance was between them now, they still wouldn’t need words to hear one another. ‘I can’t change it and I don’t want to.’
Stefen shifted and buried his face in Tony’s neck, hot breath splashing over Tony’s skin sending distracting shivers through his body so that he almost didn’t hear the low rumble of his voice as he asked, “The season?”
Steve rigidly ignored Bucky’s eyebrows shooting up. Charlotte paused on her way up the stairs to stare curiously back at them.
The unconventional attitude she’d embraced as a single woman of wealth had once made her a power in Vienna and the darling of the Austrian Women’s Society, but now it made her a potential threat to a new leadership who had shown a startling propensity for simply disappearing political opponents.
He is still so handsome. I can see why they like him.
He nodded with a short laugh, knowing that Natasha was going to teach her how to use them someday.
Eventually, Tony made his way back to their group. “Barton, Romanoff, Barnes. You all wanna get this Avengers thing going? I think I got Cap on the ‘hell yes’ list. I’ve got a mansion upstate that we can turn into some sort of facility. Weed out the rest of HYDRA, make sure SHIELD has some sort of oversight because this government sure as hell isn’t gonna be doing that. You could go independent. I’ll offer spousal insurance, Barton.”
“You’re different, I can tell.” They share a moment of silence. Tony’s too honest. It doesn’t do him well to be like this with people who might want something from him. He laughs again, the sound is light and airy. There’s a cool breeze now and the waves hit the shore. “God, I would kill for a chili spaghetti right now. Ever been to Big Boy’s? It's in Burbank. About 45 minutes away, double that during rush hour. Guess I gotta settle for the taco truck down the street. Wanna join me? It’s just past the boardwalk.”
Tony laughs, delighted. “If I knew sex was the way to get you to stop arguing, I’d have made a move in 2012.”
“Are you trying to tell me that walking away from my position, from everything would be easy? They’d hunt me down. They’d
“If it’s any consolation, Captain Rogers, Sir wanted it wiped from the servers because he didn’t want you to re-watch it again.”
Others questioned the returnees, eyed them with distrust. Talked about them in hushed tone in the saloons.
“They’ll be here soon, Tony. So eat up, or Harley will finish it all,” Rhodey said.
Sobriety is his punishment.
“Fuck my face?” It’s a question, but he already knows the answer to it. Steve never says no to holding Tony’s head like he has the reins to the world.
He pounded hard on the tiles, hoping that the kids were asleep. They wouldn’t hear them, not with JARVIS privacy protocols and the soundproofing Tony designed years ago. He wanted to scream as loud as possible and claw his arms, his chest. He wished he was gone with Tony. Fuck, and then, guilt washed over him because
“What do you think I’ve been doing?” Steve seethed, loosening the grip he had on the glass. He made sure he was there for
Steve, the other one, the real one, hated it all. The Steve in front of him despises it, too, to an extent, but he can play with and test Tony’s limitations. Carve at his heart until there’s nothing left.
“Nope.” Tony takes the cracked shells and deposits them into the compost bin. Tony makes a face and promptly closes it. “And still can’t remember how you convinced me that you’ll be a farmer now.”
Tony waved a hand at him, hushing. “Shut up for a sec, Steve. Let me read. J, baby, you awake? Can you help me?”
It’s a matching set for the rest of his face and torso.
His image vanished.
You. You. You. You.
Steve’s cradling him too, holding him like he’s something special. That’s the thing with Steve. He always treated Tony like he’s worth a damn. Saw Tony as a good, honorable man. Saw, because maybe it’s not like that anymore. But Tony knows people go back to what’s familiar. He’s a futurist, and here he is, regressing to the habit of how to be in love with Steve Rogers. How to coax a long-drawn out moan from him. How to kiss him proper until he gets rowdy, wild with demands.
,” Tony praises, fucking himself on Steve’s fingers.
Pepper handled the funeral service with the care and efficiency only someone who knew Tony could do. She informed their close friends and issued a press release with the assistance of Tony’s personal solicitors and SI’s public relations team.
Each room in the house led to Tony in one form or another. The library was filled with his books ranging from philosophy to quantum theory. They selected the paintings from his personal collection and they hung Tony's favorites on the north wall of the living room.
Love was traumatic.
A red pick-up truck passes them.
, Steve doesn’t say.
Some nights, when I fall asleep, I still hear the echo of the shield and Steve’s broken sobs from the bathroom. He runs the faucet so I can’t hear him.
Steve,
He still isn’t used to the cold air blowing from the AC.
Still, his heart strings pull whenever she’s home because Tony is immensely happier. His entire face lights up, excitement evident in the pull of his body and the way he laughs. Even Steve is still getting used to the division of their parenting system.
“You’re untouchable, you know that? You’re what we orbit around,” Steve continued, drawing circles on Tony’s thumb, smoothing. Steve felt the edges of the bandages and grimaced. “You found me. You gave me a home." Steve let go of one hand and wiped at his cheeks. The tears fell and fell. Their sniffles echoed in the room. Steve smiled. "You were always there for me, until you weren't. I didn't think I'd ever lose you, and I did. It's awful. I tell myself you must feel the same. I think...we're one and the same. I tell myself that and I try to understand your choices. It's still hard for me to do. But I know you, Tony. You commit to your responsibility. I commit to mine. We have history. I can't forget that. You were the first face I saw.”
He grabs Tony’s hips, bracing himself—and then he watches his cock slide in, right to the hilt. He’s home.
Once, an old woman in Tunis called him a vagabond. He supposes that she’s right. He's done nothing in the years since the Snap but drift, wandering from one place to another, never staying long enough to get comfortable.
The kids began chatting about their plans and projects for the day. Morgan planned to help Steve with harvesting some of the basil and cucumbers in the garden, while Peter and Harley tried to convince Tony for access to tools in the lab. The morning conversation was light and it washed over Steve. He was content to listen to them joke and tease each other. At least the kids didn’t fight often and when they did, Tony and Steve made sure to explain their feelings to the kids. Parenting was a lot of work. But life was good.
Tony sighs, kneads Steve’s shoulders, trying to soothe out the rough edges even though he knows he can’t. His grating stubbornness and refusal to give in might be Tony's favorite part of him. Slowly, Steve sinks further down Tony’s lap. Half his torso is heavy and still holds tension.
Tony kicked off from the chair.
Tony tossed the tools lying haphazardly on the unkempt bed and reached for the nail gun. He pressed the trigger, testing the rapid release from the chamber. He sat back, propped on the bed, and stared at the bottles across the room like they were offensive.
“I’m ready, please, please.”
The issue was
Steve shoved a hand between them. Their bodies were sticky with sweat. He grabbed Tony’s cock, scratching at the wiry hairs framing his shaft before jerking him quickly.
Fuck no, he wasn’t gonna throw them away. They were gonna stay there and Natasha would have to hold him down before any of Tony’s belongings left their bedroom.
Tony nodded. “AA meeting.”
“I was just going to call you for a bath.” Steve cleared his throat and stood. He offered Tony a hand. “Come on, lets get you out of that.”
But today. Tonight. They’ve got the rest of the evening, and maybe the morning before Steve would have to pad off, take a warm shower, pull his clothes back on, and leave Tony to fester in the smell of their used sheets.
The red-winged blackbird flies over their canoe, back to another tree, finding another home.
“Tony.” He flicked the switches open and close, summoning the courage to look into Tony’s eyes. Tony Stark made him nervous and restless.
“How about breakfast in bed?”
He imagines he isn't in this room full of shackles and rotten, uneaten food, pretends that he's lying in the rubble of a battlefield because that would be true to form.
How many leaves have withered in the fall? How many times has the ocean touched the shore? He doesn’t know.
Gone, gone, gone away, he eroded with the rest of his sanity.
“You’re right, pa.” She grabbed their laced fingers and pulled him towards the staircase. “I love you.”
Or the country, nursing broken parts of themselves.
He looked at the arc reactor in the bed of flowers.
This is easier. Talk of food is always easy.
“Fucking—
Steve smiles at the call back and with a heavy heart, he’s struck with how much he’s missed her, and how much he has missed.
The excuse was ready.
“Hmmm, I do like coming to the sight of you and the lake, but you made this for me, so,” he says, as if that’s explanation enough.
“I know, I know. Let’s just stay here for a minute, alright?” Steve swallowed, patting Morgan’s head as her sobs picked up again. “Just a little while.”
Steve stared at their laced fingers and squeezed back in three slow successions. “I love you.” His voice sounded faint even to his own ears, like he was underwater and hearing the world go around and around.
“It’s a good song. I like it. We should play it more often.” Harley pressed his cheek on Steve’s chest. His heart clenched at the dampness there.
They linger for a beat, and Steve is lost once again. Well, found, really, home, with no care for anything other than the man in front of him.
Steve removes his hands, grabbing both of Tony's cheeks just to see his open hole. He gives it two quick licks. Tony’s exposed for him. Tony is his—for now, just for now—but it’s alright, it’s ok. Steve is a soldier. He’ll be fine.
Steve wiped the streaks on her face, wondering if Peter and Harley were still asleep, if they were alright, if he should ask Pepper to refer them to a therapist or a grief counselor. His mind whirled with all he had to do.
Tony glances at him, and Steve has to clench his fists to stop himself from prying the sunglasses off Tony’s face. He’s always liked Tony with sunglasses on, especially after he got past his initial annoyance at the bravado. He realizes it’s probably because Tony is an arresting sight.
They watched her retreating figure.
He closed his eyes and he saw Steve lying prone on the medical table, uniform ripped down his thighs, bloody shield resting on his chest. Tony, without his helmet, crying.
It was a classification he didn’t deserve. That was reserved for people like
“I am,” Steve says, unfolding his hands to caress Tony’s wrist. He pauses for a beat, then squeezes Tony’s hand. “Would you prefer otherwise?”
Maybe that was the worst part of it.
“Morning, kids.”
“Breakfast in bed?” Tony smiles. His head still hurts and his mouth had that foul taste after drinking so much. “I could get used to this,” he adds, because, well, he’s always been reckless.
A group of women are attempting to calm Mayor Danvers, but she’s in hysterics, crying out. “She killed my husband! She killed him.”
Steve from before who had Tony in handcuffs, hands behind his back as Steve fucked his face in rough thrusts. Steve who comes on his face and lets it dry. Steve who pulls Tony’ hair until he stands up, only to bend him over the settee and spank his ass with a belt. Until he’s too red, crying for Steve to stop.
Grief didn’t go away. It stayed. There’s the beginning of it—death, but in Tony’s case, it began long before he took his final breath. It began in the diagnosis and Steve has held his breath since the doctors announced the cancer’s recurrence.
Steve knew that Tony Stark was always armored. He had a wrist watch that turned into a repulsor. Steve’s seen the watch transform into a gauntlet. It was like watching something brilliant and great unfold just for him.
His thoughts are muddled, leading him back to bask in past and the habit of turning over the day with precise detail.
“Are you sure you want to tell him?” Natasha stood up, grabbing the file from Clint’s hands. She handed them over to Steve.
“You are. You’re part of the team. Family. I’m asking you to stay.”
And he’s right, goddamnit. Isn’t he? In a desperate attempt to do what’s right, he lies alone in this ramshackle motel room, the sheets scratchy, and the lamp full of dust.
“Can’t help a man for wanting to tell the world that he tied down Steve Rogers.”
Steve bites his lips, drawing blood, burying all the words he’s never allowed himself to utter. He doesn’t dare groan or moan in case Tony recognizes the sound as if they were in battle. There's just the sound of sex surrounding them—he can't think of it as love-making because this isn't about love. Not for Tony. Not for Rumiko. This is Steve's chosen demise.
~*~*~*~
“Some of you have dreaded this day.” he announced with the aplomb bordering on Shakespearian. It should have been ridiculous, but no one dared to smile. They stood there as frozen statues; a chill not caused by the cold winter air seeping into their bones.  “But take this as a warning. Justice finds every man.”
taught her, and his flesh gave beneath hers and sent pain through her hand and all the way up her arm.
The memory, so clear and cold, stole his breath, and Steve blinked away the sting of tears, hot shame welling up within his chest once more.
in Stevie if I don’t get some supper in me.” Bucky grumbled in reply as Harold led the way inside. “Where are the kids? We should have heard the herd coming by now.”
Heat was the first concern. They had a small pile of wood for the fireplace but it was dwindling fast. The canned food in the pantry had to be used sparingly. Their supplies would be gone come spring, but then they could make traps and there were old hunting rifles in the loft.
A call rang out in the stillness and then a pair of boots thudded loudly as someone marched toward them on the empty street. Steve tensed, dropping the single bead and pocketing the pouch. He ordered the men to be ready with a raise of his hand, but the group of men huddled in the back of the covered truck with him barely needed it. Around him hands clutched rifles tighter to chests and fingers rested ready, the lot of them hardly daring to breathe.
It hadn’t. Despite possible broken ribs.
“Thank you.”
He rounded the corner to his room. The house was new and the way it talked always soothed him. His father had always said you could tell a great deal about a house and its builder by the way it talked. Its creaks and moans and shudders.
“It's a music lesson! We're not that busy, Stevie.” Bucky heard himself say. James’ eyes sparked with hope and Bucky, remembering Artur’s fear and the way Péter had gripped his knife, committed himself. He waved his hand nonchalantly as if he weren’t lying through his teeth. “I've been itching to play anyway.”
“Of course. Come inside, you’re cold as a lamp post. Hortense pull that chair up close to the oven.”
“I know how boys are Natacha.” Tony interjected calmly and the girl paused at the bottom of the stairs. “We both know what happens to the boys who are different in Hitler’s Germany. I am just not sold on how wonderful it is.”
"Do not Herr Stark me, and shut up if you're not going to say anything worthwhile." Tony growled once more in irritation, turning form the man to pace, because if he didn't pace he was going to possibly hit him or worse start kissing him again. He’d kiss the man and never stop, never let go of him so he couldn’t go off and get himself killed.
“Charlotte’s maids don’t like it when we speak Italian.” She said, prim and adult like. “I don’t think she likes it either. I heard one of the maids say that Italians are dirty devils.”
For a time, he simply focused on pushing them forward as if he could peddle away from the stress of the last few weeks as easily as he could the villa, leaving it all far behind him. Sara at least seemed to be enjoying the speed. It only took a few minutes before she was giggling in his face, her blue eyes sparkling up at him. He turned a fast corner and she shrieked with glee.
He’d not meant it as a suggestion, but Ian had raised his head from the water, blinked at him breathing heavily through his mouth, and then sank back under. His shimmery little body slowly swimming away from Tony beneath the water.
Natacha was jerked from sleep by the sound of her father's voice just outside her door. He’d returned three days after he’d left them at the Führer’s winter home. He hadn’t said whether he’d been able to find Bucky or Tony, and there had been such a blank and still look upon his face that none of them- even the baroness – had been brave enough to ask.
Tony cleared his throat and Rogers’ mini gestapo snapped to attention so fast it looked painful.
Dear Tony,
“Really Tony, I didn’t mean to break his stupid book.”
Over on the sofa Bucky twitched, a violent motion that contrasted with the peaceful expression on his face, as if he could sense Steve worrying. Steve didn’t doubt he had a radar for that sort of thing. The blanket he’d tossed over himself slipped further off his chest and his body shivered.
Tony was torn from the dark thought when he saw Bucky tense out of the side of his eye, the man straightening and reaching for his gun as the sound of running footsteps in the hall finally reached Tony’s ears. He’d just reached for his own weapon when Hortense came running into the sitting room looking flushed and out of breath.
“Truly?” Charlotte murmured guileless surprise. “Your mother is so admirably stalwart. I can’t imagine a complaint has ever passed her lips.”
He hated listening to the news and hearing people debating about the sanity of the Führer and whether Switzerland should or shouldn’t welcome German refugees. He hated hearing about the fighting in Czechoslovakia and wondering if his father was safe. He hated reading letters from Tony that told him all the good things, but glossed over the fact that Ian was depressed again and Natacha was isolating herself and pushing everyone out.
Bakhuizen barked a laugh that didn’t sound all that amused.
He dragged a hand over his face. Pressure was building behind his eyes, throbbing in time with his heartbeat. He needed to pull it together. He was going out of his mind, yes, he knew it, and they would know it too if he didn’t get a hold of himself. If he were here Tony would-
"Alright, alright. Go get ready."
He could tell that Tony wanted to concentrate on his work and could even understand why he did not want Steve hovering around… but he had neither the courage nor the words to tell him that he didn’t know how he could possibly sleep without him there. He’d gone to bed alone because it was the sensible thing to do and because it was not Tony’s job to mother him like a babe.  A grown man should be able to manage a few hours of sleep on his own. Nightmares or no.
is never going to be one of them. Don’t do this again unless you mean it, Stark.”
Captain Rogers did not kiss like a gentleman. He devoured Tony’s mouth with an edge of starvation that only increased the feeling of urgency building between them. When Stefen bit at his bottom lip and sent pain stinging through Tony’s mouth to twist along with the pleasure he gasped, hips bucking upward without thought.
He looked at Ian, who was smiling and singing along with the others to lyrics he didn’t really know, and it was hard to breathe with the weight of his gratitude. That they are all here, having this moment, was a miracle of Tony’s influence. Every day was like waking up from a hundred years of sleep - and though his body still aches and his muscles are slack with atrophy Steve take another staggering step toward home every moment that he spends with them.
“True, but I need to speak with your father.”
He took a long exasperated breath though his nose and shot in the dark.
“It was a quick death but brutal: swollen throat, bug eyes, red patches, the whole picture.”
Natacha snickered into her drink.
Breathe. He reminded himself. Breath in, breath out. He was at the Grand Hotel Vienna, sitting in his children’s bedroom. It was half past eleven.
“We could be backward about a lot of things, but I always liked that. No matter what you’d done, on Christmas your family was there to forgive you. Our elders used to say, when Roma stick together, neither hunger, poverty, nor evil can destroy them.” Stefen continued before his voice broke and he swallowed thickly before flashing Tony another weak smile. “But there is no forgiveness for those in exile. No
Charlotte shifted her knife nervously on her plate, considering her options. It was past time Stefen told people about the engagement. It was more important now than ever to distract people from Stefen's behavior and reaffirm the family's standing within the Party. Damn Stefen for leaving this solely to her. This was meant to be a happy announcement - but here she was, adrift with the children who looked as if she were about to announce she’d drawn up a new menu and they were on it.
“And what about me? Will your wife have any say in how you wreck yourself? You asked me to help you, and I’m trying-”
Not necessarily Bucky’s, though he couldn't imagine another person he’d feel safe enough to fall asleep next to, just... someone. Another body beside him solid and warm and reminding him that he was still alive.
“You won’t feel pressured?” Tony asked, eyeing the other two men hovering nearby with a skeptical glance.
“It’s alright Uncle Bucky,” Ian assured, though it was ruined somewhat by the peevish glance he tossed his brother as he reclaimed his seat on the couch, already reaching for the book he’d abandoned, intent now on shutting them all out. “I’m fine sleeping wherever you put me.”
~*~~*~
Tony stumbled to a halt the world spinning around him and nearly fell backwards, knocking over Harold, whose arms shot out to catch him.
"Don't worry Natacha," a blond boy that Steve did not recognize called out from amidst the group of boys who were getting ready for the race.  He was partnered with Bobby Drake, who was doing his best to secure their legs together when all of his partner’s attention was clearly focused on Natacha and her friends.  "I'll win the race for you in your honor."
She'd paused only long enough to say her goodbyes to Natacha, the only child brave enough to approach her in her furious flight from the house. Tony didn't know what words they'd traded, but Charlotte had looked very small standing at the bottom of the stairs in her fur lined coat. He still saw in his mind’s eye how she’d looked up at the other children whose faces peeked out at her from between the rails in the banister, smiling bravely. Tony admired it. Even in exit the woman was like a polished metal. Impenetrable. The only tell, the shine in her eye and the way she'd cupped Natacha's cheek a little too long as they whispered at the bottom of the stairs.
May. He swore it again internally. The couple wouldn’t be back until the warm season and it would have just barely begun in May. He could give it to the end of the month. In the meanwhile, they’d have to make some adjustments. Anticipate. They couldn’t be caught off guard like that again and they would have to be prepared to leave at a moment's notice if necessary. Adapt.
"My mother was gifted. Sometimes she saw things. Felt things.  It was not the trick she played on the gadje. Her mother called it sight. Mama called it intuition, but her people knew to respect it and her, whatever its name. The gadje called her a witch, but she did not mind. She used to say, 'the men won't bother a witch, and they are so much quicker to do as you say'. She did not trust men. I don’t think she ever thought to really fall in love, but she did.
Tony held his breath the entire time that the loft door rattled and shook under the man’s efforts to get in, but the latch held firm.
“There hasn’t been an occasion,” Steve bit out, a tad too sharply, and instantly he felt shame because he knew that wasn’t entirely true. Jan’s arch brow called him a liar and seemed to wordlessly point out the truth of their surroundings. This was an occasion and he’d not even thought to ask Charlotte for a waltz.
She gazed at him and Péter didn't recognize the look in her eyes. It was hard and guarded and made him feel uneasy in his own room.
Steve began to step. He was not a good dancer. The music was almost too faint to hear and all wrong for a waltz besides. But Tony kept looking at him, following smoothly where Steve lead, and eventually Steve’s heart slowed.  It didn’t seem to matter to Tony that the music was wrong or that Steve was not graceful. He was lighter than air in Steve’s arms, every shift of his body echoing and calling to Steve’s in such a potent way that he began to wonder if he was truly leading the dance at all. He decided he was okay not knowing.
Who the hell was he scribbling to like his house was on fire?”
The woman was edging closer. She probably hadn’t realized there was enough chain on his manacles to pull his feet under and bring his arms out front. Just a few more feet and she would be in range. It would haunt him, strangling this woman, but he would find the strength to do it if he had to.
The sun dipping low in the sky and the rumbling of hungry stomachs was finally enough to convince the Rogers children to abandon the water entirely. Tony was partly grateful for it because after so many hours in the cool water of the lake even his over eager libido had flagged.
Herschel. He mouthed silently to himself over and over again. Herschel.
The man, a shopkeeper named Ludy, like so many others had come to Vienna as a young man to find work, and had been clever enough to prove quick with his hands and an even quicker study at repairing damaged fishnet.
“Da?” his father looked up at him.
"Do you know what we used to call him?" Major Dvořák asked his comrade, tilting his head as he eyed Rogers training report. His lips twisted in a sneer. He spared their 2nd Lieutenant a glance as the man limped into the office, caring a change of uniform on one arm. He'd told him to take better care of his feet but you couldn’t tell junior officers anything these days.
She hadn’t had time to think of a more dignified hiding spot. She’d heard the doorbell and she’d snuck over to the landing to watch as Herr Hammer invited two strangers inside – one in the same uniform her father wore. Same rank and insignia, but fewer honors.  She heard the other one say he was a doctor and she’d known she wouldn’t have much time to stay ahead of them. She’d dashed into her father’s room, pausing only momentarily to look at him – dwarfed in the large bed, racked with chills and coughing wetly after every painful breath – before slipping into the bathroom.
"Forget them. Forget everything they told you. They don't know you, or anything about being-”
"Yes Baroness." Milthede dipped into a hurried curtsy. Charlotte did not question for a moment if her request had been understood. She kept herself distant from the resistance as a matter of safety but rebellion didn't thrive without funds. When she could help, the tailor knew how to contact Charlotte and Charlotte her in return. She just hoped that Jann could get the men together before it was too late.
She'd insisted, and the count had whirled on her, at the end of his rope, the light of desperation in his eyes as he'd barked at her,
"Tony? Tony, let me in."
“Turn me against whom?” a very confused sounding Stefen asked and Tony and the others jolted, turning to see that Captain Rogers and Herr Bakhuizen had returned from town, obviously confused to find the three of them shouting at each other in the center of the hall.
Except nothing about this was funny, and Bucky had leaped right off the edge. His head was pounding like there was a stampeding horse trapped in it. He rubbed desperately at his eyes, snarling into his hands as he struggled to breathe.
“Right. Then what did I just say?” Ned asked and Péter’s shoulders slumped. He shrugged, slightly sheepish and Ned heaved a sigh.
“You might be right.” He allowed. And when his eyes caught Tony’s once more they pulled, filled with an unspoken plea that Tony answered with a small smile of reassurance. “Someone told me that I was overprotective. It’s hard to help, but we should go together. As a family.”
When she was sure no one was there to catch her, she climbed out of the wardrobe and gently closed its doors behind her. She stood there for a moment, not because she had any reservations about passing through the room and seeing her father again, but to smooth the wrinkles in her skirt. A German woman comports herself with true dignity. Dignity is earned in service.
"Something
He scribbled out a response to his informant, asking about the population of Romani in the area, if she’d seen or heard of any caravans passing through, anywhere that Rochel might have hidden herself and the girls away.
But Tony could tell by Stefen’s expression even as he asked it that it wasn’t the case. Stefen still refused to desert the army, desert Austria, when he still felt he could save it somehow.
He was losing the battle the tears he realized with mortification, he chest hot and tight as his eyes continued to burn. Wordlessly, Maria slid down from her chair and ran up to throw her arms around him. Steve pulled her into his lap and held on tight. He buried his face against the dark ringlets of her hair, but he heard the sound of chairs scraping and shuffling footsteps as the other children came to surround them. Steve reached for them, trying to hold as many at once as his arms would allow. He could only hope they didn’t hear the muffled sob that escaped from his throat.
Tony had slipped out of bed and picked up their trail of discarded clothes just the same, wanting to be careful as he opened the door in his dressing grown to retrieve the tray the maid had left by the door. There was hot coffee, warm rolls with marmalade, and a platter of cold cuts that looked appetizing, but after Tony’s (slight) over indulgence on the wine the night before it was the coffee that truly smelled like heaven.
The words spilled out of Tony’s mouth, naked little things that made him feel equal parts small and foolish. He made the most of it, tilting his head to meet Stefen's gaze and effecting as easy a grin as he could manage, as if the memory hardly bothered him and any discomfort he'd felt as a result of Stefen's chilly reception already forgotten.
Steve followed behind Tony as he moved to the next stall, this woman selling bobs and ends and bright bolts of fabric. There was a man standing too close on Tony’s right side. His gaze was focused on some fabric on display, but Steve thought rather too intently. Steve stepped around to the right, close enough that there would be no way the fellow couldn’t feel him looming there. The fellow cast a wary look over his shoulder before giving up interest in the cloth and moving away. Steve watched him disappear into the crowd.
“You’ll have to forgive Thor. He forgets that we are but a small nation and
“Probably your Pa come looking,” Dagmar mused aloud as he shuffled toward the door, giving Ian another odd look. Ian stayed tense, because who else could it have been but Edwin's father come looking for him, if Edwin were real?  But Ian Rogers did not have a father looking for him. Ian Rogers was alone and scared with strangers who looked at him funny and only decided not to hurt him because something on his body told them he wasn’t Jewish. But Dagmar thought he looked familiar. Ian was terrified to find out what would happen if he put together why.
“Anyone hit?”
“That's not what I mean, Stefen, and you know it. You have a meeting.”  Yes. Drinks in the private parlor with the Führer and just a few others. She pushed again on his chest and he snapped at her.
"We don't know he's the-" Steve started, and Bucky gaped.
Bucky stared him down.
“You told her about the engagement?” Steve didn’t know why the thought filled him with such discomfort.
Did he ever talk about his part in Operation Thunder?
“Tony… are you really going to keep James outside?” Ian asked Tony’s back tentatively. Tony didn’t halt his task, responding briskly, “That’s entirely up to James.”
"How?" His voice cracked on the question and he had to swallow. "Father won't even agree to let me go to public school here in Salzburg. He isn't going to let me go to school in Switzerland Tony."
"Yes, it's good for you to laugh. You won't have to listen to Herr Hammer going on for hours about the disrespect we've shown the Reichland by serving overly browned toast."
He turned and nodded at Dvorak and Dr. Fischer sharply, instructing them to wait there. Then he strode off, nose so high in the air it was in danger of catching dust from the ceiling. Just when Dvorak thought it was safe to relax, Frau Hogan called out toward the man’s retreating back.
Magda had thrown as much junk as she could get her hands on into the trunk bed surrounding the crates, anything that might provide a bit of cover as they traveled. She’d given Steve an apologetic look when she’d opened the large crate and gestured for him to climb inside.
“It’s been over twenty years Nik and his world is only getting smaller.” There was a note of finality in Fil’s tone that made Nik want to heave another sigh, that or retreat to his rooms for a long bath and order no one to bother him. He knew that Antony had never belonged there, and he didn’t need Coulson to remind him that his temporary solution had about run its course. The abbey was no longer safe for Tony Stark. The damnable trouble with that was few places in the world were.
He owed them so much that he'd never be able to repay.
“He’s a flirt.” Natacha stated candidly and Stefen snorted.
“You don’t have-” he began to say, but Tony interrupted the tired flow of words with a gentle squeeze murmuring, “Shut up, darling,” as he closed his eyes. If anyone came looking for him, he’d just tell them he’d gotten sidetracked cleaning up after supper. Bucky, Charlotte and Tony had taken to eating in the captain’s room, half to keep him company and half to keep an eye on him while he was still having the occasional seizure. The remains of supper were still spilled out over the desk. He could easily say he’d been clearing it away when Stefen had needed a hand.
“Is that a threat,” he asked, iron already solidifying in his gut. If Schmidt even so much as twitched in the direction of his family-
“We sang about goats.” Sara piped in, her voice trailing off at the end with uncertainty.
He blinked, fighting for air with burning lungs.
Bucky cleared his throat, and Tony jumped, having forgotten he was there. Bakhuizen opened his mouth and then cleared his throat again before he managed to get out, “someone ought to let Charlotte know. So she can tell the kids it’s safe.” Bucky’s tone clearly suggesting that Tony should be that person but there wasn't a chance in hell he was leaving Stefen. He couldn’t. Not yet. Maybe not ever.
Tony’s smile dimmed, sadness creeping in around the edges.
“Baxt.” Tony said to his retreating back, the sound carrying over the sniffles of the children. “E grazie.”
And of course, it did. They saw the sleek car bearing the naval insignia coming up the road long before it saw them. Harrison started to bang around down there again with worrisome enthusiasm.
He shrugged the shirt he wore aside with Stefen’s help, his large hands pushing the sides down over Tony’s shoulders with a chuckle as the monk shivered, the cold air pebbling his skin. Stefen shifted closer on the bed, turning his body into Tony’s until the space between them was radiating with his own body heat, his hot breath delicious on Tony’s chilled skin as Stefen pressed barely there kisses against his neck.
Begrudgingly Bucky had to give the man credit where credit was due. He’d brought music back to the house after all these years. Not only that, the children were not an easy bunch. And to corral them together and somehow get them to produce a sound like
