His muscles screamed in protest, hair sticking to his brow in sweaty clumps as he gave it hard and dirty skin slapping on skin, slick with lube and sweat, wet and filthy.
John grabbed at the sleeve of his Belstaff coat and dragged him bodily through the crowd. It was much too warm to wear it indoors and a sheen of sweat had already broken out across his forehead, but considering the nauseating collection of ‘style’ on parade tonight, he thought he had made a very wise choice.
John’s eyes went wide with shock and with no time to react he stumbled back, and grabbed the door frame to break his fall, fingers gripped tightly around the wooden frame.
“Oh I think we both know I’m too late to do that. I could see it in your eyes as soon as I looked at you, that very first time, with your mouth full of sticky pie…the things you wanted to do to me…filthy things…and I would let you do them all….will let you John”
He dug his fingernails into the top of his thigh, hard, and took a final drag on his cigarette before hurriedly stubbing it out against a terracotta plant pot.
Mycroft really was a diabolical bastard, Sherlock thought, not for the first time, as he strolled nonchalantly across the football field to the changing rooms, and his locker.
He had half-risen from his seat, turning towards the door when Sherlock reached out blindly and gripped him, tight and unyielding around the wrist. He had his eyes closed, and John could feel a faint tremor running through his body as he flinched again in obvious discomfort.
John scrambled up the bed and dove under the covers as Sherlock leapt across the room to snap off the light, returning to see only the top of an ash blond scalp peeping over the covers. He grabbed a corner and yanked the whole thing back and John yelped as six foot of long lanky Sherlock dived on him from above.
“I’m not sure about Kate yet, but Elsa – she has a child, slight softness around the midriff which has nothing to do with weight gain and everything to do with childbirth, plus there were several pictures of babies around the flat, the same baby actually, and a folded buggy in the hall, don’t you notice anything John, and I’ll guarantee that Marcus Hunt is not the father, that honour I believe, goes to Frank Hudson”
He pounded up the stairs, with no-one here there was no need for caution, and tore open the door to his room. The bed was still unmade, sheets in disarray and the urge to simply climb inside and pull the soiled covers around his body, just so he could smell him again made his breath hitch in the back of his throat. He grabbed a corner and yanked, hard, pillows jerking up and bouncing to the floor with a soft whoomph, winding acres and acres of rumpled white cotton into a makeshift bundle and stuffing it roughly in the hamper at the foot of his bed.
“Ah yes, the Lancashire Holmes’…I heard tell of it at the Assembly Rooms, a very sad business after losing the family fortune too. I knew your mother boy, when she came out as a debutante, a very great beauty, I see the resemblance…I never cared for your father much, he was much too fond of the gin and the cards, even then, small wonder that he lost it all”.
“But…the things I’ve done…in the past”
the house…always have an escape plan John” he added cheerfully as he cupped his hands around his eyes to block out any residual light and peered intently through the window.
“I didn’t think you were the shy type Sherlock…feel free to hold on a bit tighter, I promise I won’t break”
Sherlock.
It was done.
“Nooo……Johnnn….I
“Every bloody time…you just touch me, or kiss me and fuck…we have to stop now or we’re never getting out of this bloody bathroom”.
Why should I notice such things you say? Am I not allowed to admire, to appreciate beauty in those other than myself be they male or female? (My admiration, such as it was, was purely selfish having no wish to share a bedchamber with a more disagreeable fellow).
Molly went truth and Mike asked if she had ever cheated on an exam. Boring, predictable, thought Sherlock, of course she hadn’t, an introvert like Molly would display far too many nervous tells, resulting in immediate suspicion due to overwhelming guilt as soon as she walked out of the examination room. He was wrong apparently, must be the vodka killing off his brain cells, as she confessed to sneaking a look at a vocab book during a year five French test, when bending down to retrieve a handkerchief from her bag. Hardly the crime of the century. He yawned, suddenly bone tired.
“You know, I know a place where you could get that sorted,” said Angela-Andrea-Sandra, quite unperturbed by this rather unexpected turn of events.
“I want you to have me Sherlock…I want us to be together like this”
Sherlock fished out his leather pocket book from under his pillow and rescued the nub of pencil from where it had rolled under the bed, ‘The Science Of Deduction’ the title page read.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how he ought to respond. No-one ever thought it was nice to meet him. At best he’d been told it was an interesting experience – but not the good sort of interesting. He was quite alarmed at how utterly tongue-tied he felt, which was not his normal state of being by any stretch of the imagination. Perhaps now was not the time to admit he’d never been invited back to a friend’s let alone interact with said friends’ parents once there. Come to think of it, he never voluntarily had friends. The closest he’d come in that regard being Victor, maybe, or Molly Hooper, who in her awkward bumbling way was marginally more intelligent than the common herd and who he could actually manage to hold a decent conversation with once her nerves at Sherlock’s proximity settled and she’d regained control of her vocal chords. In a totally abstract way Sherlock was aware that he should have responded to the question by now, but he couldn’t think past John’s hand on his arm. Something about friends, and John, and the…sun?
“Is tea okay Sherlock ?” she said as they walked through the door.
“Can’t say I blame you though, a face like that, and that body too…oh my…bet he goes like a steam train too…and don’t get me started on that mouth, I’m getting hard right now just thinking about those lips wrapped around my dick” their hideous laughter rang hollow in his ears, he couldn’t stand to hear them talk about Sherlock like that, as if he was a piece of meat, a pretty, vacuous toy, they didn’t know him, how could they even dare…
“Don’t ever leave me again Sherlock”
Progress.
He ducked his head forward and John began to slowly massage the soapy suds into his scalp, kneading firmly and confidently. It felt incredibly intimate, to let someone else wash you this way, thought Sherlock, and also very, very erotic, as John’s fingertips caught around his earlobes and rubbed at his sensitive nape, he shivered and sucked in a shaky breath.
“Yeah but my sister wasn’t bloody well listening then was she …and she heard us having sex?”
Ah right. This he could deal with.
“Oh what a shame …..I haven’t got a thing to wear” he pulls them on anyway and stands up, staring at his reflection in the bedroom mirror.
I shifted a little, an experimental roll of my hips in simulation of what was to come and as reassurance that I wanted this, craved this, to be seduced and loved and fucked by John. His eyes fluttered closed and he groaned aloud, matching my movements with a slow, torturous dance of his own, ‘Please’, I gasped, lifting up my legs to wrap around his back to pull him harder into me, startled by my own, deep desperation to feel his long thick cock inside my body.
“A deals a deal John!”
“Secrets? They’re just strippers, what could they have over them?”
“Don’t pinch then” John said as he snatched it back.
“Fucking hell Myc, remind me why we couldn’t do this last night” Greg rasped, moving down to unfasten wool trousers, uncomfortably tight and tented at the groin, as Mycroft tilted his hips to push them down. He gasped in surprise as Greg mouthed at his aching prick through soft blue silk, leaving dampened patches which adhered slightly to his overheated skin.
Sherlock didn’t add that he was right, that John had deduced him just as surely as Sherlock ever could to anyone else.
“What makes you say that?” Sherlock tilted his head, curious.
“Ask Mummy for a sprig of mistletoe Sherlock, and when he comes back from his midnight tryst you might catch him unawares”
“Walter”, he was an annoying old dick, you would have got on really well….yours?”
There could only be one.
“I rushed out last night because I got a phone call from Frank’s manager, down at the club. There had been a bit of a scuffle apparently, just some silly men being drunk and rowdy by all accounts, and a couple of the girls got caught up in the mayhem. He asked me to look after them, take them down to A&E for a once-over….nothing serious, just cuts and bruises and a sprained ankle, but they were frightened out of their wits poor loves, said they hadn’t seen any of those men before, not part of the usual crowd it seemed”
Sherlock’s head snapped up, giving her his full attention, and John leaned forward in his chair, eager to hear this new revelation.
“Clearly”.
and fantasise about fucking him in some dark, private corner somewhere on the way home.
And who are you or I to judge where we as sensual creatures seek to fulfil our base desires?
“Good to see you Sherlock, school is frightfully dull these days without you”
“I never lie” Sherlock said.
“Me? I’m no-one special mate, and I couldn’t give a fuck if you sack me so go ahead, I’m only here to support my boyfriend”
John took some comfort from the tone of regret.
“You don’t say?”
“I swear to god Sherlock…I’ll…”
“And what exactly do you think you are doing brother mine” he said as he entered the kitchen and snapped on the light, “Didn’t the lock pick work this time?”
“Well that doesn’t really come as any big surprise John, it’s a gay nightclub, not really your scene…until recently” he stood a little closer, using the excuse of the crowded bar area to nudge up against John, pushing a thigh between his legs while sipping innocently on a vodka and coke. A heavy-set bloke nudged him from behind, as he strained to get past and Sherlock put out his free hand to steady himself, hand pressed firmly in the centre of John’s chest, smirking to see John’s nipples harden in response to his touch. What the fuck was he supposed to do now? It didn’t seem like the kind of place to openly snog another bloke.
John was reeling. Who else had the access and the motive? when not an hour before he’d found out about him and Sherlock and the reaction hadn’t exactly been favourable.
They’d reached the double-doors that led outside, and both stepped out into the student carpark. The sun had almost set by now, and the street lamps had come on. The only car left, parked right in front of the building was Victor’s gleaming silver Audi.
“If you’re both quite finished back there, I’d really like to get home to bed”
John’s face, John’s arse, his lips, his firm toned thighs and gorgeous long, thick cock. A checklist of John-ness in his head. Did body parts count? Sherlock paused in his mental appraisal to give the matter a full two seconds thought and decided that yes, every part of John, every single molecule was infinitely important. That was why, when they stepped into the shower together he decided to show John exactly how much.
Sherlock forced himself to meet her eyes and found it hurt to see the disapproval and worry reflected in her kind face.( She was worried? Why would she be worried about him – they barely knew each other).
John pulled hard, until his eyes watered and he arched his head back with a gasp
“Go screw yourself”
“I…I didn’t think I…”
I wrote this to remind myself I can do sweet and fluffy sometimes - even if it's still all about the D though.
It was true, even though John hadn’t learnt until his first year at Hogwarts’s having had two Muggle parents, you would think he had been born on a broomstick, outclassing almost all of his peers from day one. He had made Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team in only his third year and If anyone could get Sherlock off solid ground, it would be him.
He could see the anger flashing in John’s deep blue eyes and his hands clenched into fists at his sides, knuckles turning white as he squeezed them tightly. He couldn’t even meet Sherlock’s eyes as he muttered an excuse, a sudden need to use the bathroom or some such, as he hastily left the room.
him…he has taken the smoke, opium…when he thought himself abandoned…I found him before it went too far”
It was just supposed to be a look, a moment of voyeuristic gratification to take with him when he left, not a frantic fuck. Shit, he should slow this down, because Sherlock had all but told him that he had never done this before. But Sherlock, apparently had other plans, as always, and once that decision had been made he saw no sense in holding back.
The barest brush of lips against his own and he was gone, and Sherlock melted into him as he gently cupped his face. He licked inside that gorgeous mouth and savoured the taste of cigarettes and smoky air, both disgusting and divine as Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist and dragged him further in. He flinched at the pressure on his bruised and aching ribs, but this just felt too damn good to stop now, he pressed closer, leaning in. Fuck that hurt.
“The rest of the building is empty, supposedly, we’re just going to make sure. Oh…..and then… we wait”.
I could not see John from where we stood beside the door, but I knew of a back room more suitable for a meeting place which the landlord had set aside for the use of private guests and diners with tables set out, candles at the centre, should the need or the occasion arise. I wondered briefly if this had been his object all along to have me dress in such finery so that we might dine together, good food, good wine and perhaps a little romance.
“What the fuck Sherlock?”
He spun around and watched, holding his breath as John stood still at the foot of the bed, hands crossed behind him at the base of his spine as he stared at the drawings open mouthed.
He leaned heavily against the front of the empty stage, deep in thought, about dark hair and eyes like slivers of ice when someone tapped him on the shoulder from the right. Shit. He must have jumped about a mile he was so far gone, and his jolted pint of lager sloshed over the side and down his arm. He shook his wet hand and wiped it off on his jeans. A short blonde girl stood and smiled and him with a quizzical look in her eyes.
He really couldn’t handle this. Mary was bad enough but two little baby Watson’s? No. Just no.
John glanced around and took in the general mess and disorder. It was probably the case that no-one but Sherlock ever came up here and that he wasn’t, as a rule, inclined toward tidying up after himself – a typical prima donna, and hence the book up his arse. John joined him on the mattress, knees cracking as he sat down.
The door would open and there he would be, waiting, checking the coast was clear before they ducked into a cubicle for a quickie up against the wall while his wife and kids waited in the car, maybe with the engine running.
He flashed her a smile and gave a jaunty wave as he turned away, faking a confidence that he didn’t really feel. John was an excellent pick-pocket, small and bland-looking and quick as a flash. Before the toffs noticed that anything was wrong, he was gone, melting away into the crowd. He knew all the best short-cuts and safest routes when the Peeler’s started sniffing about, leaping and sliding over the rooftops just as easily as he did on the ground. But Oxford Street would be crawling with Jim’s lot too and they were much harder to avoid than the law, and if they got him they would beat any money he had found out of him anyway, and then he would be back to square one again.
John clenched his teeth and counted to ten, slowly, but he had reached his limit and just couldn’t let that one pass (oh for fuck’s sake)
“Listen….John isn’t it?”, said Victor...I haven’t got the faintest fucking idea what you’re talking about, what do you mean?, what bloody camera’s?”
He reached the road just as the lights turned red and dashed across earning a filthy look from an old man in an electric motor scooter with a basket on the front.
Victor reached out a trembling hand then, and ran soft fingertips down the side of his face, his touch left a burning trail on his skin and his heart began to hammer wildly in his chest, he felt sick and light-headed, he had stayed too long and heard exactly what he didn’t want to hear.
“Speak for yourself” John said as he batted his hand away, wincing a little at the sudden loss of friction, “You are on a cock ban till after your performance, so hands off the goods”
A pair of ice blue eyes stared up at him from his position, flat on his back on the grass.
“Aye, near a month ago the first time and early this afternoon too…..he came to Mrs Turner’s”, he went on, “And don’t look so worried lad, no-one knows of his part in all this, he had to pay of course to get me on my own…had a special favour to ask”, he said cryptically, “And don’t bother, neither cause I’m not saying no more”.
“Then you have failed most dismally, for you truly look every inch the gentleman”.
My fair companions however, some of whom had observed much of our little conversation came over in a bluster of excitement on his departure.
“Shut the fuck up”.
John bowed in thanks to Oxley and replied “Then a give you my thanks once more, for your assistance and your generous hospitality, this is all that I ever could have wished for.”
“Fuck…that was pure filth”.
“She’s even hungrier than I am” John laughed.
Only he heard John’s sharp intake of breath and fully understood the meaning. Anyone else would think it a natural response to a shocking series of images. Sherlock was practised in concealing his emotions as he clicked through the rest of the images impassively.
How could my John be a part of this creature, this monster who would take without consent?
Except that wasn’t just a touch, it was a very definite slide, from the base to the tip of his cock, pale cool fingers exploring hot exposed skin, as a hint of warm breath ghosted over his thigh And that was not the appropriate response to a touch by your flatmate, having your cock twitch like that, his interest apparent by the hardening of his flesh under Sherlock’s hand.
“Well, well, gorgeous, been a long time since I saw your pretty face”, a soft American drawl, southern, Georgia, Trent…something, Sherlock’s brain supplied.
“I don’t…I can’t…do that”
“Yes, stroke of luck on my part because I can assure he’s the only one”.
“Nox”
“Look stop now, it’s okay John I’m good for now” he stepped in between them, and slid his palm around John’s clenched hand. “I sort of gave you a pseudonym, anyway” he said in a rush turning around hurriedly to avoid John’s indignant glare.
It was a shame thought Sherlock that the concept had no meaning to him, too far never seemed quite far enough…
“Get the first round in and I just might,” John laughed, swiping at his brow with the back of his hand. Muddy brown droplets splattered on the floor by his feet. Mike gave him a mock salute in reply, and winked conspiratorially before turning on his heel and jogging to catch up with the others. They’d already left for the start of their traditional Friday night post-practice drinking session, their last before the biggest game of the season. It has turned into a tradition of sorts, and by missing it, John fully expected a lengthy interrogation as to why he’d chosen to sack the lads off. And the inevitably filthy, and highly intrusive questions would centre on just who it was he’d stayed behind to meet with – Mary probably or maybe Sarah who he sat behind in Biology.
“You’re seduction technique leaves a lot to be desired, is that all I am to you? A cute little fuck-toy for the night?”
John plucked it from his outstretched fingers, taking a big, greedy bite, “Mmm…nice”
The early autumn air made him shiver as he stepped out onto the pavement and looked up and down the street, and Sherlock wondered if just this once he had read this wrong and the guy hadn’t meant for him to follow, until a figure stepped out of the shadows twenty yards away and walked towards him calmly, hands in pockets.
“What news?” I asked carefully, curling up on my side, with the blankets pulled tight beneath my chin. I was almost afraid to hear him speak.
“You still feel it Sherlock…its real”
Sherlock thumbed through his phone, one eye still fixed on the toilet door as he fired off a text or two. If it opened now he might crumble, best move, go home, he could be there in twenty.
“Ah, so I am an excellent fuck? You didn’t contradict me!”
John was embarrassed and Sherlock sympathised, it was shit to still be in, and he knew not everyone’s parents were as tolerant of their child’s sexuality as his was. If you could call indifference, tolerance, that is.
“And my sister will be most relieved to avoid contact with you bodily fluids…” the boy said, eyes flicking over John’s burning face and away again, “I feel like some air… beach? There’s about ten of us going and Seb’s going to bring a spot of the good stuff….you in?”
John looked suitably startled as he picked himself up from the ground and attempted, rather fruitlessly to pat his hair down and tuck his shabby shirt into his trousers. Sherlock caught a glimpse of firm, creamy skin before it was covered again. He stared at the same spot long after it had disappeared beneath John’s clothes.
Sherlock rested his hands lightly on John’s shoulders and bent his head down to place a soft, sweet kiss on the back of his neck, right on the place where hair met sensitive skin. He shivered, goose-bumps rising to pepper his flesh.
“Quite….. but can you stop talking now and use your mouth for something else instead?”
John grinned and she smiled back, not pissed off then , good. (Sherlock you are brilliant, mad, but brilliant).
And Sherlock looked terrified, like he was scared of him, like he was going to pass out or something, and if he didn’t then John probably would.
He doubted it would take very long.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Perhaps you would care for a coffee John? I promise to inform you straight away should there be any change, it could be minutes, or hours, they honestly can’t say”.
Greg sat on the bean bag by the tv, turning the remote control idly in his hands, thinking.
and that’s
He sat for a while on the dusty oak floor, turning the packet over and over in his sweating palms, heart racing slightly with anticipation and dread. If this didn’t destroy him, then Mycroft would for even thinking about it again, if he imagined for one second that Sherlock had actually gone as far as to buy cocaine after very nearly destroying himself, whatever the original intention might have been, then he would probably wish he was dead anyway.
He picked it up and pressed it to the soft skin at the side of his neck experimentally.
Sherlock gave a quick nod of assent and they set off again - John in the lead this time. They crossed the deserted carpark and out of the school grounds, turning right, directly onto the high street. It was still the tail end of rush hour in town and the start of the weekend proper, so the roads were backed up with residual traffic and the pathways crammed with pedestrians which Sherlock weaved through with a practiced ease. John was less fortunate, and his progress was marked by a stream of muttered apologies.
“Mycroft? Is he found?” I blurted, my attention roused. I slapped down my tankard, mid-way to my mouth and stared at John in alarm. My instinct was to clasp his hand, and indeed I had done that unthinking, my fingers were twined with his across the table the knuckles turned white from the force of my grip. Lestrade looked down, and I could see the wheels turning, to let go now in guilt would be worse to my mind so in silent agreement we did not pull away.
Sherlock settled back against the pillows with a sigh and grimaced a little, his hand reaching up automatically towards the neat row of sutures at his temple, the gash on his head stitched back together, covered up with a pad of gauze and surgical tape. His fingers hovered for a moment and fell away again as he thought better of touching the dressing.
There had been a few sleepless nights after that, tossing and turning and waking up with his hand shoved down his pants, thinking about how Sherlock’s breathing had gone all shallow and stuttery and how his eyes had flickered closed.
“Oh god, hurry up John!” Sherlock wriggled impatiently.
They hover outside the gym to share a joint before they go in. A few people give them curious glances and Sherlock glares back. He knows they are an intimidating (and dysfunctional) pair, the rebellious eccentric and his ‘fag hag’, neither quite belonging anywhere.
And James Tanner’s punishment for punching Sherlock in the face? Nothing. Fuck all. Just a ‘stern’ warning that he ‘might’ be benched for the next school football game if he was caught ‘arguing’ with another student again, specifically Sherlock.
And I must admit, my heart was lightened at the thought that this would bring an end to his attentions, sure that they must not be renewed again in my direction.
‘My cousin suffers from the ocular migraine my man’ John announced in a voice of authority, ‘and the muted light does help to ease the pain’.
“I think it’s incredible. Fantastic,” John said, smile wide and genuine.
“Fuck off Harry, give the kid a break, neither of us has seen him for months, he might have mellowed out a bit…you never know”
Sherlock arched up, head thrown back, pushing at the back of John’s head as if to shove his tongue even further up his arse. John didn’t think that was even physically possible, he could barely breathe as it was. He reached between Sherlock’s legs, running his fingertips up the hot heavy shaft, sliding easily through a leaking trail of pre-come. Christ, Sherlock was soaking, and he had done that. But if he didn’t get his tongue out and fuck him now, it would all be over. If Sherlock came, John quite liked the idea of wanking over him and adding to the resulting sticky mess. John’s cock twitched in agreement, shit, he would look incredible like that.
“Master Watson says you’ll be having a bath now, and to dress in the blue that brings out your eyes….oh, and be ready to leave the minute he returns”.
“Then stay away”
John had stepped closer now, whether consciously, Sherlock didn’t actually know, but close enough to count his eyelashes and see faint flecks of saliva on his lips from shouting too loud. If he leaned a little closer he could lick that beautiful mouth…
The frame creaked madly with the motion, the unmistakeable rhythmic squeak of bodies engaged in sexual activity, the sound you dreaded as a child, clamping hands or pillows to innocent ears to block out the thump, thump, thump of a headboard on the wall in your parents room. He grasped John’s arse, bucking up hard into him and thinking about how later he would take him again, what he’d thought about so much all week, his cock inside John’s hot, tight hole thrusting like a piston until his balls tightened and he came, hard, inside him, no condom, enveloped by his own warm, wet release.
Sherlock smiled, savouring the hunger in those deep blue eyes, “Do you like it? Somehow I thought you might”. But all that he heard was a rather strangled moan in response. John thrust his own tongue out to meet Sherlock’s, humming in approval as they tangled together, dancing and sliding the tip of John’s coming back again and again teasing at the metal bar through Sherlock’s tongue. Sherlock pulled back for air, breathless and panting.
“This has to stop you know”
“Not if I’m careful…now shh…just relax”
“From the pipe?”
“Your uniform, clean and pressed, toiletries, underwear, shoes, your school books, laptop. You have twenty minutes, clean yourself up and get dressed, you look disgusting, and for god’s sake comb you hair Sherlock”.
Our eyes locked for a heartbeat as we stood, breathing silently. I swallowed, hands poised at the buttons of his waistcoat, the top two already loose with the neck of his shirt open to expose a creamy white throat. A lone bead of sweat glistened in the hollow. Before I could think about the consequences of my actions I tangled my hand in the short waves at his nape and pulled down. His head tilted back and ducking beneath his raised chin I chased the salty drop with the tip of my tongue. It was like nectar, the taste of him, salt and musk and heat, so I lapped at his skin again and again with soft kitten licks designed to tempt and tease. I was truly a cruel creature, was I not for acts of sin to manifest in so natural a way within, or so it seemed to me. But what did I know, the innocent virgin come to taste the first?
“Do you mean the flying, or the snogging in a broom cupboard part?” Sherlock yanked him back by a handful of robe and wriggled past, bounding up the steps on his long legs, taking them three at a time.
They kept Sherlock overnight, for observation. He protested of course, only placated when the doctor agreed to let John stay with him, heavily influenced by Mycroft. “Sleep with me”, Sherlock said, the room dark now with the overhead lights out, just the dim orange glow from a lamp on the bedside table casting shadows across his face. And John didn’t argue this time, ignoring the doctor inside for once as he clambered onto the bed and lay down, his back to Sherlock’s chest, the way he loved it, not minding when Sherlock tossed back the covers and pushed a leg between his thighs, nuzzling contentedly into the back of his neck. Sherlock slept well for once, doped up on Codeine, John not so much, too hot as usual and disturbed every time the young nurse came to wake him, a necessary precaution for a head trauma, but thankfully she passed no comment on the fact they were sharing the bed.
“Not in here Sherlock, you know the rules” John growled.
Sherlock turned his attention to Dimmock.
“I’m sorry Victor….I just can’t….not now…I’m with John”
Two pairs of hands fumbled desperately at buttons and belts and zips, clothes discarded carelessly. It was messy and clumsy, neither wanting to break away, tongues licking at each new area of bare skin. Sherlock revelled in the taste of salt on his tongue as he traced along John’s neck, while pushing hands finally rid them of the hated confining clothes. He kicked his trousers onto the floor impatiently, reaching down to drag his boxers off his ankle relieved to be naked at last. They lay, pressed together head to toe sweat-slicked and panting, frozen.
He bucked up roughly, fingers digging harshly into Sherlock’s sides, one, two, three times, and held them suspended while he spilled into the condom sheathed in Sherlock’s body feeling like something had broken within him, like he’d been torn apart at the seams. He was shaking, trmors running through his legs and body as he lowered his arse back down onto the bed. His legs collapsed and he fought to steady his erratic breaths.
“I can take you like this” he breathed, circling around the tight puckered skin of his entrance, it was teasing and slow, so fucking maddening, and not enough.
Sherlock Holmes drifted slowly into consciousness, yawned widely and rubbed at his sleep-closed eyes. Orange light danced behind hid lids, fused with black spots as he squinted and blinked. He was currently lying on an old olive green leather sofa, night-damp skin adhering slightly to the surface. He wiggled slightly and his back came unstuck with a clammy pop. His right leg was currently resting between two strong muscular thighs, fuzzy with dark blond hair, his right arm draped around a slim, firm waist, fingers entwined in a vice-grip with another smaller hand. He was naked, very naked, they both were, this revelation entering his frontal lobe and sparking the necessary synapses to elicit a very particular response.
His pulse pounded in his ears and his chest felt hot and tight. John leant forward and kissed him gently, chastely on the lips and pulled back again, eyes searching Sherlock’s face in the dim light.
Sherlock.
How gallant, my sweet John, as if there were any other choice, for I would declare myself this minute the most cruel little cock-tease if I had said no. And so, as one, or each to our own, our need had gone beyond the point at which we could have willingly stopped, and the linen would be ruined by morning on either account. I felt his hardness against my hip. I wanted it, his cock within me.
- The Bow Street Runners were founded in 1742 by Henry Fielding, a British Magistrate and author and playwright (I highly recommend 'Tom Jones'). The title was a nickname given to them by the public. They heralded the beginning of the modern, professional police force and were a group of constables and ex-constables who were paid a retainer to locate and arrest serious offenders. (source www.londonlives.org) - this is why I have given Lestrade the rank of Constable rather than his customary Inspector.
He propped himself up on one elbow and leaned across to where I lay, but I blushed and pulled my hand back, placing it atop the covers with the other one where he could see it. The evidence of my guilt was clearly visible between my legs.
“Jesus Christ Sherlock”
“Oh….will it be bad….does it hurt”
They stood at a roadside, or more apt, a well-worn dirt track as the sun beat down hot and unrelenting, casting a shimmering haze off into the distance obscuring his view of the road ahead. This place was familiar though, it was the main road leading out of the camp. His shoulder twinged in remembrance, of lying, nose flat to the dusty ground as a hail of bullets flew past his head, so close he could feel the heat of them on the side of his face.
Pizza – yeah right, complete with winky-face emoji.
“No Ange, you’re not, what you said last night made sense, but John may have had a point”.
John stepped back to watch as Sherlock shimmied up the rope the rest of the way, moving swiftly hand over hand to the top. He leapt, cat-like over the edge and stood up again.
It was like the events of the previous week had never happened. Almost.
KISS! KISS! KISS! KISS!
how to do this. It was just like a dance, like a pas des deux, where they'd need to move together, and John would be dangerously restricted if Sherlock held himself too stiff or clung round John’s middle like a limpet. He sucked in a breath and held it, then let it out again slow, and steady. He did it again, and then again until his pulse stopped hammering quite so fast and dropped down to something resembling normal. The message had yet to reach his limbs, which felt weird and floaty, like they weren’t attached to his body. They were close enough that Sherlock’s chest was pressed tight along the length of John’s spine and it felt safe, and warm, and…right. He allowed his mind wander and imagined how it might feel, what everyone would say if they rode into school like this one day. How everyone would stare at him, at both of them, and wonder if it meant they were together, that John had chosen him. Everyone knew John Watson’s bike was sacred and Sherlock would be the first one, the only one ever allowed to ride it with him. He let out a sigh, wishing it could be true but at the same time softly scolding himself for such useless, childish fantasies.
“I know….the blond kid….I’ve seen him”
“Next time? I got busted. What makes you think there’ll be a next time?” John said. In truth it was a relief Sherlock didn’t think he was some sort of creepy, crazed stalker. John closed his mouth with an audible click. This was….not how he’d imagined their first conversation. It sounded much too close to flirtation.
Fingers withdrew and firm gentle hands tugged on his hips, raising him to his knees, shoulders still pressed down into the bed. Greg’s large glorious cock dripping with lube pressed insistently at his loosened hole pushing forward into smooth tight heat, filling the emptiness, stretching him so wide he could hardly breathe.
“They covet you”. His eyes were dark as he moved toward me again, “And I wished them to know you are mine”.
“But the next minute it was just two birds, not owls though, birds of prey, some sort of Hawk and a tiny one”
He felt suddenly a little shy at the prospect of going to Sherlock’s room wrapped only in a towel to cadge a bunch of outgrown clothes. But if Sherlock had been late to his bath, he would still be in there, naked as the day he was born.
John Watson wriggled under the bed and joined his sister on the rough, dusty floorboards beneath. He held her hand tightly in the dark and clasped his small hand across her mouth. She whimpered softly, but he held her still against him just the same, scared that she would bolt if he loosened his grip for even a second.
“Hey…I wasn’t…” John scrambled to adjust himself, pull his t-shirt down, fasten his belt which he hadn’t even noticed had come undone. He ran his fingers through mussed-up hair, trying desperately for normality, but his fingers still felt like they belonged to someone else, so he gave up and risked a look at Sherlock. He was still on his back, propped up on his arms, hair on end and breathing rather rapidly, like he’d just been shagged, which he almost had, apparently, by him, John.
John!”
“Why should I mind?” John was a little puzzled, not quite catching the implication at first. His head snapped around at the sound of a brisk knock on the door and it opened, two paramedics entering with a portable wheeled stretcher and a bag of medical paraphernalia. He stood uselessly to one side while they fired questions at Mycroft and bent over Sherlock, checking his vitals and god knows what else until a warm hand curled firmly around his shoulder making him jump again.
“Oh come off it Johnny, it could hardly have come as a surprise, that kid has worshipped at the alter of John Watson for years”
Sherlock rounded on him, turning swiftly and grabbing his meaty lapels. He propelled him through one hundred and eighty degrees and slammed his back into the row of lockers which clashed and rocked in protest. He was already on edge, wired, and in no mood to be fucked with.
There were probably a million reasons to leave this path to destruction, to ring John again and beg his forgiveness, sweep the powder away and toss the rest down the drain, but right now, in this moment he couldn’t think of a single one that would end with John back by his side. With a rolled ten pound note poised between fingertips, he growled in frustration and anger, at himself and at the entire fucking world as he bent down his head and inhaled, swift and deep, then rocked back on his heels again with a sigh.
“Sherlock, what exactly are you hoping to find out here, it’s not as if they’re going to invite you in for a look around”.
“Or you’ll what? Punish me for being such a naughty little boy? For not doing as I’m told?”
“Two bottles of Moet per table mate, split between eight people, not enough to get legless but sufficient that they won’t care too much – oh, and any tips you get tonight are yours to keep, but there’s a jar on the side for the tight bastards that give you loads of useless shrapnel, that gets divided at the end of the night, okay?” Sol let his eyes flick over John for a second, an admiring appraisal, “not that you’ll have much to worry about, those rich bitches’ll be lining up to stick a tenner in your pocket lad”
John beamed up at him, but whether from Sherlock’s response to his frankly, quite ridiculous stream of questions, (I mean, honestly, shouldn’t it be obvious that Sherlock was both woefully single,
“Are you taking the piss?”
“What the fuck is this?”
…” he moaned.
He was actually going to die right here. “You knew all along?”
“No it’s fine.” John said. “I get it. There’s no-one here to tell you what to do all the time, breathing down your neck every minute of the day…”
“Is this some sort of sick joke? Because this is so far from fucking funny…my sister isn’t dead, because believe me, if she was, I would be the first to know”
John’s street, South Grove, was a cul-de-sac of ex-council housing most of them privately owned, semi-detached homes in a neat horseshoe shape with a large back garden and a garage at the side. Nice, homely, in a way his own house never was or ever could be, where nobody knew who their neighbours were, much less talk to them. Here it was different, nearly everyone they passed on the way nodding in acknowledgement or greeting John by name, but he could see the problem in it too. When everyone knew everyone gossip spread like wildfire and nothing could be secret for long, add to that the certainty that people saw you in a particular way making it doubly difficult to break from that mould. Accept your fate or leave, because there was little chance you would be allowed to change, not here. It bore a strange resemblance to the incestuous public school circuit in that respect. He should know – once a slut always a slut and all that, as someone, somewhere seemed determined to remind him. Another mystery for another day, a London day.
Later, his mother found other more unpalatable excuses not to have him round, that went way beyond ‘I don’t like him’, straying into such territory as ‘he’s not like us, too posh, rude little arsehole, weird compared to your other friends’ to the absolute clincher ‘I don’t want him upstairs in your room John’.
Well played brother mine.
“This warehouse by the dock’s, Sackville Street, there’s loads of kids there Mike, you should have seen them, it was like something out of Charles Dicken’s”.
“Don’t be… I just hadn’t got round to deleting this nonsense yet…..why here?” he looked around the unfamiliar street, coat flapping dramatically from side to side, it was suburban, bland, completely devoid of distinguishing landmarks or features, that was, until a familiar figure came into view.
“What the hell for? I do have a life you know”
The silence was broken by the unmistakable sound of an empty stomach which grumbled and growled. John looked mortified as Mama turned to look at him wide-eyed and the shop-boys sniggered by her side. Sherlock gave them the finger behind Mama’s back. Did they imagine that they were somehow superior to his friend, just because they had had the good fortune to be given a job in a fancy department store?
“I’ve already told you…NO!”
“Very direct, Sherlock dear, you always did love to stick that gorgeous…..nose…where it wasn’t wanted”
“Something like that” he croaked, as he spat into the bowl and wiped the back of his hand across stinging lips, pushing himself upright, the evidence of his guilt swirling away with the flush of a toilet chain.
He gestured to the missing person poster’s adorning the bulletin board, “More than you would ever believe…”
“No? Why am I the one who has to lie on my back every time, or on all fours, while you just expect me to shut up and take it like a good little boy?”
He sighed. This was going to be a bloody long night.
Sherlock nodded frantically and to his horror Victor’s shoulders began to shake in peals of silent laughter. He bit back the urge to punch him and cursed himself for saying anything at all. This was a fucking disaster, of all the people he could have copped off with, Sherlock Holmes had to choose the new Biology teacher.
John risked a quick glance, and sure enough two women in their thirties, he guessed, were watching him appraisingly. And while it might have been good for the ego, his libido remained unmoved.
He wanted to feel like a virgin again, teeth clenched against the pain, and it would hurt this time, John’s cock was too big to pretend it would be otherwise. But that didn’t matter, with John it would always be good. But he had to go and be a fucking idiot, and had almost ruined everything in one ridiculous night.
It was a matter of minutes to find a cab, and not much longer before he stood on the doorstep, key fumbling at the lock. The hall was deserted, the whole house silent and cold. Mycroft would still be at his club, he might stay there all night, as was his habit with no Greg around, as reluctant to be alone in his own head as Sherlock. The Holmes family curse, a constant stream of thought and data without rest or respite. Mycroft chose to bury himself in work while Sherlock had chosen the chemical path of sex and self-medication – and was there really any other way?
Sherlock stared at him with wide eyes, parted his swollen lips, and snaked his tongue out. He licked a stripe up John’s fingers before sucking them eagerly into his mouth, ice-blue eyes locked on his own. Shit, his cock twitched with interest again, oblivious of the fact he was much too sensitive for even the lightest touch.
“I wish to speak with Irene if I may?” I asked all politeness now, for I knew I could be charming should the occasion warrant the effort.
(And it was a measure of how pissed Sherlock was, that he had actually agreed to this twisted show and tell).
He braced for the oncoming storm.
It took exactly fifteen seconds before he cracked.
He chuckled darkly. “Sorry, yes, maybe I am, just a bit. But it really is great up here.”
“Don’t you have better things to do than to keep track of my movements? I won’t get caught if that’s what you’re worried about”
The inside of the church was dry and warm. Sherlock had been angry at first and had tried to run, until he was cornered like a rat in a trap by three burly policemen. No-one was under arrest though, they had just had a tip-off that people were using it as a place to sleep rough when it was unsafe and under a Council Demolition Order. Forty-seven people were shepherded onto a waiting bus and transported back into town to a church-run soup kitchen. But Sherlock felt like a fraud, unlike so many of these people, he had a home to go back to and a John to look after him, to let him curl up beside him and run warm fingers through his tousled hair. The rest he could deal with, the horrible stuff at school, if only John were here.
“Hmm, I disagree. Yes it is.”
John glanced nervously around, half expecting to be ambushed at any second. The siren of a police car sounded in the distance and they both jumped anxiously.
A name would help. He couldn’t continue to mentally call him ‘the old man’.
Sherlock eased himself up and pushed the sash up further, it stuck so he gave it a shove with his shoulder, hooking his right hand underneath the frame. He winced at the noise, a teeth-jarring squeal. Victor stirred and popped his head out from under the blankets with a groan.
So here they were, like old times, only shittier, and not very good. But at least it was a start - and things could only get better, right?
“Er…yeah, okay” John stammered, completely out of his depth at this point.
“I don’t need a quick flash of your bits to prove that you are actually human you idiot, I already know you are. You’re more real to me than anyone will ever be Sherlock, not some illusion, woven out of shadows and lies, you died for me and came back, twice. So…. you are most definitely worth it, and not just because of your bloody gorgeous body parts”
‘People will talk’ I said, ‘and those of your circle will know with full certainty that I am no cousin to you, you take a great risk if we were to continue’. I looked away and worried at the skin of my lip with my teeth, breaking through the tender skin.
“Er, yeah sorry, just…if you don’t mind me saying, you don’t exactly look like a stripper, more a student maybe?”
Sherlock was too quiet, head nestled in the crook of John’s shoulder. Sherlock shook his head then in response and gingerly lifted his hips up. He hissed a little, holding John’s softening cock at the base and easing off slowly to keep the condom intact, he pulled it off, careful not to spill the sticky load, tied it off and unceremoniously dumped it on the floor. Shit, John should have remembered, he was supposed to have dealt with that.
“And Sherlock…Just so you know… I’m going to make sure that bastard knows exactly what he’s missing out on…I’ll take great pleasure in rubbing it right in his smug fucking face….the fact that he can’t have you” John added, voice rough with suppressed emotion.
The implication was clear, and John wondered just how many times Mycroft or Greg had stepped in or turned a blind eye to stop Sherlock being locked in a police cell. He wondered if Sherlock even knew himself.
“Yer a wizard Harry” John said one afternoon in his best Hagrid impersonation, and Sherlock just frowned at him and said “John, what
John stood nervously at Sherlock’s side as he moved to the back door and looked at the lock thoughtfully. It was lucky, the Hudson’s had seemingly resisted the temptation to replace all the exterior wooden doors and window frames with hideous UPVC monstrosities, good news for the environment, and also good news for Sherlock’s house-breaking skills. The lock clicked loudly.
John came first, warm and sticky over Sherlock’s fist, Sherlock only a thrust or two after, on John’s hip and thigh. He ran his fingers through his own come and watched it slowly melt away as the steady stream of water washed it down the drain.
The bar was still busy, as he fumbled around for some cash, a double or treble something or other, anything would do, the vodka shots in the flat seemed a world away.
“Oh I really don’t think he needs my help to destroy himself, he seems to manage that quite well on his own”.
Be a part of my story.
“Nope,” said John, popping the ‘p’ with a smile. This felt good, much better, to joke around and tease a little. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind it. He shifted his weight to his right leg which tilted his body closer. “And I’m not some secret billionaire crime-fighting superhero with a tragic past and a death-wish either… just in case you were wondering.” John added, lowering his voice to almost a whisper.
“It is the biggest event of the calendar year, besting even the winter ball, but the atmosphere less stiff and formal, more akin to the balls of Paris or Vienna, and everyone of note will be there, the King himself was rumoured to attend last year”.
“Dull, boring, aren’t criminals so lacking in style and imagination nowadays?”
Sherlock snorted into the back of his hand which earned him an incredulous expression from the Head of Gryffindor House. John stifled a laugh of his own, Christ, Sherlock should be hoping he was sorted anywhere other than Gryffindor, because she would have his card well and truly marked.
“Well, apparently, you
Sherlock continued to tease, eyes flashing dangerously, “But tonight I want you to fuck me again…hard”.
“Don’t look down,” said John, “Look to the right. If I swing out but a little, there is a low flat roof, it belongs to the scullery does it not?”
“Oh fuck” he bit his lip as the swear word slipped out, but he just couldn’t help it as John rubbed and pulled, dragging his thumb through the stuff that had leaked out the top and using it to let his hand slide smoothly up down. He buried his face in John’s shoulder, scared that he would cry out and someone would come running and see what they were doing to each other, hidden away in here.
“Right now I don’t care… I just need your cock in me now”
“There’s a beaker on the side, bring me some while you’re there”
“And in the interests of full disclosure she’s a lesbian, and she wanted me to work for her a while back, offered me quite a considerable sum of money too… I was still sixteen at the time….
“Oh… er…sorry, I was miles away…erm…..”
“About June…rehab” (Mycroft had a leak in his inner circle then, that was useful to know)
“Quite”, he lit the cigarette from the end of hers and handed it back, exhaling a plume of smoke into the night.
(Sherlock resisted the urge to tut derisively).
“Wait”
“Oh for god’s sake Sherlock!”
“And what did I have left to lose exactly? I’ve lost everything already…and anyway, you were hardly trying to fight me off Victor….if it wasn’t for the nose bleed I’d be balls deep in your arse right now!”
“John….just leave it please” Sherlock called softly, knowing exactly what was in his mind.
Mycroft feared the consequences if such worries came to fruition. Sherlock was much more emotionally fragile than he would ever admit, as demonstrated so devastatingly by his liaison with Victor Trevor. A forced separation had been a necessary evil. A sexual relationship between a sixteen year old boy (with a large question mark as to whether things had become ‘physical’ while Sherlock was underage – Mycroft was positive that they had) and a twenty-one year old male government employee would have been highly inappropriate and damaging to all parties involved. But Sherlock had reacted badly, very badly indeed. Mycroft had underestimated the depth of his attatchment, and twenty-one months later the shock waves still reverberated (six different schools, an arrest and an enforced stay in a rehabilitation centre in June of this year for substance abuse).
“And how did you know about that Marcus bloke before we went in?”
unobservant?) or because he expected more of a reaction to their current location, Sherlock couldn’t quite decide.
“Much better” he hummed, “sliding his hands around John’s chest with a soft, contented growl nipping lightly at his earlobe, “You should always be naked, I should have Mycroft make it a law or something – John Watson shall never wear clothes on pain of death when in the presence of one Sherlock Holmes”
He tapped out a message and waited, the distant jingle of Greg’s old Nokia sounding muffled in the depths of his coat. Greg huffed in annoyance and left him in charge of the tea-bags while he crossed the room and fished it out of the inside pocket, staring at the screen like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.
Oh god, how he wanted to, but he was scared to turn around and see those eyes staring at him again, with awe and wonder.
Tom, for his part made a final appeal for clemency, but I knew in my heart that any delay only served as stay of execution at this point so determined was my mistress to take advantage of my currency.
“Fuck no! You wanker! It’s not funny!” but they were both laughing now.
“Last night….wherever it was you wandered off to….I know you were planning on going back….and this time….I’m coming with you”
“And what was it this time Sherlock?….have you been a little…indiscreet?”
“Must have cost a fortune”
Whatever possessed grown women to sprout sequins everywhere at this time of year? Sherlock thought, as he took in the quite frankly, disturbing sights. And think it appropriate to assault the senses with liberal amounts of some cheap, cloying perfume and expose acres of their pasty, wobbling flesh?
“So why the hell send their precious offspring here, where they might be contaminated by us filthy mud-bloods”
“But she touched you John. I’m the only one who’s allowed to do that now!”
“Don’t leave without me, I’ll come get you at four” he warned. The streets were dangerous after dark for a pretty young girl such as his sister was, and Jim might still be hanging around, ready to pounce.
He was already wired from the events of that night, mind on overdrive as a faint buzz of alcohol still sang in his veins. Dancing in the club, the colour, the noise, and Sherlock….oh god…Sherlock. He should never have lost control, shouting like a madman who lashed out with his fists, and Jesus Christ his hand hurt, a cracked bone for sure, but no more than he deserved. He hadn’t lost it like that since his dad died, when black eyes and bruises were a weekly affair, but that wasn’t who he was anymore and it made him feel sick as he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face, the devastation and fear in his eyes….
He gave in with a wince and gave his balls a hard tug downwards.
“Ha…yes…yes he was” he felt his cheeks go crimson with embarrassment. Mrs Hudson was just like someone’s Nan to an onlooker, but John felt sure she had lived the sort of life where absolutely nothing shocked her, so two teenage boys having sex wouldn’t even have raised an eyebrow. He felt a swell of fondness – they should go back and see her at Baker Street, him and Sherlock.
“Now we eat” he said, turning to John.
What? John took a minute to process what Sherlock had just said. Wait a minute, he was out of his mind? What the hell was that supposed to mean, they hadn’t had that many drinks and it would have worn off by that time, so did that mean…he was high? Oh fuck, that was it, wasn’t it, the stupid fucking bastard got high.
“Alright, you’re a tricky one, young man, but here it is….my name is Mabel, and I’m tasked with showing you how wonderful you are, but quite frankly, after less than five minutes in your company I’m beginning to think I got the shitty end of the stick, so to speak, the other one would have been so much easier I imagine…” she trailed off, looking thoughtful “No matter, I picked you, so tuck your scarf in, it might get a little breezy and it would be a terrible shame if you were to accidently choke yourself” she chuckled darkly as the wind whipped around them, kicking up dust and debris which made him squint and place a hand over his face to protect his eyes, pressure squeezed his body and turned him inside out, before releasing him with a pained gasp on his hands and knees on a rain soaked street cordoned off with police tape.
This is the first half a a chapter that just grew and grew - apologies for the delay chums!
There was another moment of blind panic concerning his underwear. Should he leave them on, take them off? Was a bare arse a no-no? What did she say?
I felt heartsick at the tiny grain of truth in his words, and he saw it, there in my eyes before I had chance to conceal it.
John bent down with a sigh, eyes red-rimmed from residual anger and brimming with unshed tears and kissed him, gently, a soft sweet brush lips. He kissed him again, a little harder this time and brushed his tongue lightly over the cut on Sherlock’s lip, licking the coppery fluid that had gathered there.
“Well, I guess we’ll just have to keep it our secret, then,” John said. His foot hit the kickstand and deftly flipped it and patted the space on the saddle behind him. “Hop on then. I won’t bite.” Sherlock thought that might not be true, and wondered what it said about him that he hoped he might find that out sometime soon.  With one hand on John’s shoulder for balance, he swung his leg across the saddle, much less graceful than John had managed. He gave a little wriggle to find the right balance and felt the odd sensation of the cool leather seat and thrumming vibration and heat from the engine. It rippled up his spine in waves and made his teeth clack together. Sherlock clenched his jaw tight to still them. Now, where exactly should he put his hands?  For lack of any feasible alternative Sherlock held John’s waist. And now - now it felt a little too real.
I settled back against the cool worn leather of the carriage seat and watched, still breathless from my exertion as John placed my trunk upon the rack above our heads so we would have the whole seat to ourselves. The muscles in his arms flexed as he hefted the weight and I though with a blush of those same limbs circled around my body as he had held me tightly not an hour before.
I bit down on the skin of my lip, worried he must find me very gauche when I answered with a negative, but no, the news pleased him greatly and encouraged, his hands wandered freely over my body pushing up beneath my undershirt with soft touches, squeezes and pressures. You might think this would alarm me, but the novelty of his touch provided more of warmth and comfort than shock. All the while he flattered and praised me as a bribe to my passiveness, conducting my own hands to the hardness of his masculine chest coaxing them to explore the musky down-covered skin and the erect peaks of his nipples.
Irene laughed at my distress, reminding me this was sure to change in due course once I had secured employment in a fine house. And with that she proposed we make our way to the Intelligence Office as soon as was prudent to seek out a place with all haste lest I be left without a bed for the night.
That was typical of Harry, thought John. He had first voiced his fears to her about ending things with Sara about a month ago and she really had tried to convince him that the best thing to do was make a clean break before university. But she was tired of his dithering now and had taken it upon herself to ‘force the issue’. Yes, it was sneaky and underhand, because she must’ve known that Sara would turn up right in the middle of this thing with Sherlock, but it had worked, sort of. She would definitely owe him one now though.
Sherlock regarded him thoughtfully, fork suspended in the air,
In one swift move he could push up on Sherlock’s thighs and roll his body back and just….just…shove his cock in and…fuck him.
Sherlock did remember really, but just didn’t want to play, knowing it would be nothing at all like their childhood game, where dares were stuff like do a roll-over on Mycroft’s bed or make the other eat something disgusting like tomato ketchup on a piece of cake or a piece of raw onion, and on one memorable occasion John had dared Sherlock to lick a garden worm, batting it out of his hand at the last minute, just before his tongue had made contact. No-one had suggested anything that disgusting again, or perhaps John had been worried that he would follow through and do whatever he suggested. He probably would have. So in the spirit of self, or rather Sherlock-preservation, they had toned it down after that. But the stakes were bound to be higher here, it was a roomful of adults after all.
“You were humming to yourself”, John said, “and you’re gripping my hand so tight I can feel the bones rubbing together”.
He sounded a little uncertain in a way Sherlock had never noticed before. Perhaps he was ringing out of politeness, pressure from his mother, and he didn’t really want to include Sherlock after all. John was twenty now, and he probably didn’t want some irritating kid hanging around, pissing off his friends every time he opened his mouth.
Sherlock’s bedroom was just as much of an apocalyptic disaster zone as the last time he had been here, even worse if that was possible, clothes draped over every surface and dirty pants and socks all over the floor. Books on forensic science and criminology teetered in uneven piles around the large mahogany desk, which in turn was strewn with what looked like the entire contents of a chemistry lab, an enormous professional microscope taking the central place.
“Victor is my ex”
He indicated a long kitchen table through a dividing panel to the left, a fold-back screen separating the living area from the kitchen.
“Do stop talking in riddles Mycroft” Sherlock spat as he pushed reluctantly to his feet. His legs were stiff with cold and the rain had begun to seep through his coat to his t-shirt below. He held out a hand to John, and clasped his frozen fingers tightly.
They stepped out onto the cool tiled floor and patted themselves dry with Mrs Hudson’s soft fluffy towels as if they did this every day, like their normal routine and it all seemed just too perfect and right. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to take John back to the living room then, to pull him back into their quilted cocoon, all day just the two of them, naked, before the rest of the world could interfere again.
I felt weak at the legs and clung harder around his neck, his solid frame my anchor and support.
“If you’re not back by morning, I’m phoning your brother” he said as a childish last resort. Sherlock merely grunted in response.
“And why the fuck do we still have clothes on?” he added with a huff, dragging John’s t-shirt over his head and yanking down his bottoms impatiently.
He drew out the lock pick again and wiggled at the front door this time.
“Fuck it”, said Sherlock, “why bother? If she won’t come in anyway just leave it, it’s not as if we’re actually going to need it”, he walked to the door and grabbed his case, dragged it across the floor to the bed and unzipped, flipping it open, “smart or casual?” he asked, hoping for the latter because he’d only brought one shirt for John’s actual birthday, not knowing what had been planned.
Sherlock wriggled as John tried to get his hands underneath again, then pressed himself as flat as he could instead, because knowing John, he would try and flip him next.
“And perhaps John would like to take the opportunity to freshen up a little, maybe a splash of
“You lie!” I gasped, incensed. “John would not say….he would not... you must let me speak with him! Where is he?”
“Oh God,” John groaned under his breath. “Sherlock, c’mon, we’re going.”
“Right Sherl….don’t think about it….I count to three and you kiss whoever you fancy the most….one….two….three…go”
Their paths didn’t cross for the rest of the day, and John was relieved to discover that Sherlock’s appalling attempts at social interaction had been noticed by everyone, not just him. Sherlock avoided everyone apparently, at lunch he had just grabbed another coffee and a handful of biscuits before disappearing off again. Mike said he’d been in the library all afternoon, half-hidden behind a towering pile of ancient Grimoire’s and Lexicon’s.
The answer came quick and I could sense an underlying anger there. I waited with patience until he drained the last of his beer. He continued.
Tom climbed down and held the door wide for me, and I halted in the doorway in amazement. For the carriage had brought me to a place I knew well, a place which held the most dearest of memories, the pub in Chelsea where I had first given myself to the one I could never be without. I stepped down onto the roadside and smoothed down imaginary creases, ran my fingers through my hair and tugged at the cravat around my throat. It felt too tight, too hot, too restrictive, my arms felt like air and my legs weak, and not my own. Tom stood to the side running a soothing hand along the anxious horses flank, they were keen to depart, the noise from the pub and surrounding establishments overwhelming to their sensitive ears. There was much laughter and revelry afoot.
“Ready”
“The ship itself, what was the word amongst the sailors when she was lost, or passengers from the Mediterranean sea?” He face darkened and he glanced around in fear. “The Spanish don’t have her, but that’s all I know, they may ‘ave done, first off, but pirates is what I heard, common enough in the West Indies these days and not something the Spanish would be wanting to admit to… makes ‘em seem weak ya see…they can’t be ‘avin that”. I nodded, my mind whirling with a myriad possibilities. “I’m sorry, for the loss of your brother lad, terrible business, but attack by the Spanish, and pirates too….”, he shook his head sadly, and what else he planned to say hung unfinished in the air. But his meaning was clear, he saw my search as a fruitless task and pitied me for it, imagining me clutching at straws.
John was babbling a little, like he did when he plucked up the courage to talk to a girl he happened to have his eye on, but that didn’t make sense in this context, they had known each other for most of their lives. Sherlock tried to recall if he had detected the scent of alcohol on John’s breath, that would be one explanation for this bumbling and quite frankly uncharacteristic display of nerves.
“Oh, in that case, round two later?”
‘And so…what say you Sherlock? Have you thrown yourself in with another bad lot? Do you think me a coward and a fool?’
“Let me take this off” John moved to unfasten the rotund belly and Sherlock’s hand shot out to stop him
Icy air slapped him in the face as he opened the door, surprised by a small heap of snow that fell inwards and covered his shoes. It was still coming down thick and fast, obscuring the driveway making it impossible to distinguish paving from grass, blowing towards him as he peered out, landing in his eyelashes and making his vision all blurred. Or was that something else? Sherlock didn’t dare examine that any closer, he just had to get away, not home, too many questions, the least of which was ‘how the hell did you get so drunk Sherlock?
- At balls/dances in the 18th century, in order to ask a lady to dance or to converse with her, a gentleman first had to be acquainted or formally introduced to her, so the purpose of the formal dinner engagement is if/when the boys meet Mary again, they need no further introduction.
John heaved a sigh of relief and leant his forehead against the cool, soothing stone,
“Yeah…today” Irene broke off from her flirtathon with Greg, eager to get back on the gossip track “…I saw the house-elves bringing his trunks in, but I don’t think he arrives until this afternoon, and you just missed the announcement too, there’s to be a sorting after dinner this evening, so it looks like he’s here for the long haul”
“Ah well, you see,” she said, “If you’ve gone and lost that young man of yours I could always find a way to make sure you was alright, you know.”
“We encountered, shall we say, someone last night who claimed to know your husband, Frank, and he made certain….threats…or rather indicated that Frank was the subject of some….displeasure…amongst some pretty disreputable characters”
Perhaps that was it, perhaps he hadn’t been living at all, a half-life, blundering through the days and wasting away when all that he needed was this, the primal urge to fuck and be fucked, sweaty and nasty and so incredibly exhilarating.
“Whatever he thinks he knows, he’s wrong” the voice rasped again “and who’s gonna believe some little junkie whore…oh yeah, we know all about that too babe, got some gorgeous home movies too, would get a million hits easy I would say…might just have to put that to the test… but just so he gets the message loud and clear you’re gonna help us show him we mean exactly what we say… enough talk.….let him have it Mick”
“Fucking do something you wanker”
“How painfully obvious Sherlock…better luck next time”
The square outside was crowded when they left the café to go their separate ways, Sherlock to the library and John and Mary to the carpark to collect the car. His phone buzzed in his hand and he read the words with a thrill of excitement.
“Bossy” John chuckled as he bent his head to Sherlock’s cock and sucked him down deeply with all the enthusiasm of man denied his heart’s desire for far too long, which he had if you thought about it, even though the one who had denied it was him.
But John being there tonight was no accident. Sherlock had been watching John watching him for weeks now. And this was it, his chance to make a good impression -- if his mouth didn’t fuck it up first.
He approached with a casual smile.
“Prove it” John said, with an evil glint in his eye.
“You see,
“You’re not the only one who observes”
“My son…gone whoring…you went whoring in a brothel and you took one home…been sticking your cock in
“Damn right I don’t, it defies all logic”
“And where the fuck was Sherlock Did they get him too?”
John leaned in and stretched out his free hand. His index finger hooked around an errant curl and brushed it gently back. Then that same fingertip traced a path along his cheekbone and down, down along his jaw. John’s eyes flicked back and forth across Sherlock’s face, and just when Sherlock really thought he might combust, his lips parted and he whispered, “Sherlock…can I just…?”
“Hmm? No, not very, here in fact”
John’s hand squeezed harder and moved faster, and Sherlock couldn’t control the way his hips jerked forward, trying to push his prick up into that tight space. He just needed to move like this, instinct taking over his mind instead.
The truth? He would have given anything to go there and see John again. The last time had been in September when the trees outside in the garden were lush and green. The wind had been blowing quite hard that day, whipping up dust from the driveway that made his eyes sting. John had been hoisting his bags into the back of his old battered car, a Ford Fiesta, dark blue, with faded paintwork and rust spots and a dent in the passenger door where Sherlock had hit it with a pebble shot from a home-made catapult.
He shouldn’t have said that, it just made him fixate even more on the fabled contents of his best friends’ pants.
“Leave, now…both of you!”
There was anger there this time, and irritation too, and John could sense the fear, the ultimate nightmare for Sherlock that he couldn’t rely on his own mental faculties, they had failed him, the answer to a vital question beyond his grasp.
So, so, cruel and magnificent. I was his, the power he wielded in that moment absolute.
“Caught with your pants down Johnny boy!”
He stepped inside and closed the door with a click before crossing the room to perch his arse on the edge of a large four-poster bed.
“But I don’t exist here”
John shook his head at them both, “ Let me know when you’ve both resolved the sexual tension or just drop the cheesy innuendo….so is this guy starting before Christmas?”
“How did you know that?” Sherlock said between bites of biscuit and sips of coffee.
The aforementioned three-piece suit and umbrella joined them as Mycroft folded himself in through the door and took the seat opposite, looking unruffled and waterproof, not a single drop clinging to his hair or coat.
“You just love filthy boys don’t you Sir?” he gasped as he rocked his hips against John’s firm thighs feeling the delicious drag on his trapped erection. “Would you like to touch my cock too?…. I’m so hard for you Sir…can you feel me? Sherlock stifled a moan….
“Dear me Mr Trevor, have you yet to overcome your unhealthy obsession with my brother?” Mycroft Holmes stepped, seemingly out of nowhere directly into Victor’s path. In truth he had been waiting for him, had observed his furtive glances at the end of the guest corridor where Sherlock’s room was situated, making sure the way was clear before he crept down. He had watched him open the door and slip inside without knocking and waited with patience until he had emerged ten minutes later, after Victor had been (blessedly) rejected.
There were still so many things to talk about, John’s almost-fight with Victor, the cleaner, the missing cameras and the doctored images on the hotel’s own system, and everything crashed round in his head on a loop, mixed up threads and no idea which one to pull first. He knew what would help, but that was out of the question for now.
He hadn’t paid any much attention to any of the others, there could only be one winner as far as he was concerned.
John smiled down at me, and gently reached out a hand to stroke the hair back from my brow, and it pleased him greatly as I melted into every touch. Truly, if I had been a kitten I would have purred, but enhanced my feline qualities with an arch of my back as his hands chose to continue a downward path.
“You are cruel”, I said, “For how could I walk away from this spot without it in my hand? And you, you had the nerve to call me trickster, when all along you had planned this, letting me believe that you meant only to give a small token while scheming to spend ten times more?”
Sherlock glanced up, blinking rapidly with a slightly glazed expression on his face, purple marks blooming against his pale skin, looking thoroughly ravished. He focused unsteadily on the speaker, the light of recognition suddenly sparking in his eyes.
Unfortunately, for John Watson, when Sherlock had said ‘Do you want to go and see a couple of strippers today?’ this wasn’t at all what he had envisaged. Not that he had any interest whatsoever in watching a bunch of scantily clad females gyrating to generic house music in some dingy club. He had, however, hoped it would be warm, and indoors, not outside freezing his bloody bollocks off in the way only autumn in England could do. A steady stream of drizzly rain soaked through his layers of clothing, t-shirt, hoodie and jacket, wet denim chafing against the chilled skin of his thighs, and as they rounded a corner, an icy wind cut through skin and bone like a knife through butter. He shoved his freezing fingertips deeper into his pockets and jogged a little to catch up with Sherlock’s long-legged, purposeful stride.
Mycroft smile despite his irritation, as he heard the click of a tray, set down upon a wooden surface and felt the touch of warm calloused hands through the thin material of his shirt as they wound around his waist from behind. A heavy chin, mildly scratchy with a two-day stubble rested on his shoulder and warm sweet breath tickled at the hair behind his ear.
“Well you can tell him from me he can start looking for a new bass player” Sherlock spat childishly. The whole situation was intolerable, like living in a fucking goldfish bowl.
She beckoned him closer, so he leaned in again on the pretence of taking another order. Sol had already been eyeing him for spending too long talking to Victor. John glanced over at the figure, still slumped dejectedly, nursing the final dregs in his glass of whiskey.
“I know you’re out there John, the awkward silence is deafening…do just come in”
I liked him well.
Sherlock hopped up and sat on the cold damp surface, taking out the needle and bottle from his pocket, weighing them in his hand. Did he really need to do this? Could he wait a few more hours? The answers were no, and possibly, a good enough reason to stop this now. But Sherlock had never claimed to be good, quite the opposite in fact, and John knew and accepted that. Better get on with it then.
“I hate you”
Hang on, what the fuck was this? John could only stare in consternation, aware that his mouth was hanging open slightly. Since when had asking a couple of girls a few questions turned into buying fifty quids worth of illegal substances from god knows who, he would kill Sherlock for this, the mad idiot. Maybe that was why he conveniently hadn’t mentioned it, because he knew fine well John would go bloody apeshit, the dick!
Sherlock waved him away with a flick of the wrist and flopped back down on the dirty mattress, facing away from him. Sulking again, angry at John for no reason at all that he could see.
The sounds of activity had greatly increased by this time heralding the arrival of the band of young marauder’s, a signal to Tom that our meal was come to an end and that I should make haste to my room while he assisted with the gathering. I gave up any further attempts at my meal as a lost cause and we made our way back down along the hall to part ways at the foot of the stairs, but were brought to an abrupt halt when the door of the receiving room burst open spilling out the sounds of joyous laughter and song. And from this scene of merriment burst two fine young gentleman, barely older than myself and as Tom had predicted, well pickled in alcohol with shirt collars untied and several waistcoat buttons popped mindless of decorum.
bye the bye. But I would not countenance such a fate for my John, or myself and so resolved to be on my guard.
“Good deduction”
“No!”
“Can’t find Anderson” Greg reappeared five minutes later with an assortment of Scotland Yard’s finest trailing behind.
“She won’t even blow you though will she James? That’s why you sit at the back of the Biology lab fantasising about my lips wrapped around your tiny cock and my finger up your arsehole isn’t it?”
“But there’s this bloke…Victor… he wants Sherlock back” the name felt sour in his mouth.
“No pants?”
“I don’t have time to relax, not today anyway, not now” he said stiffly.
She looked amused at my presumption, but it was fair, she being at least one and twenty by my reckoning, and besides, I had no wish to court her good opinion and wished her gone.
Sherlock had warned him more than once in the last few days that this would be inevitable at some point, that if their paths didn’t cross by chance then Victor’s own curiosity would cause him to seek John out and posture, like two stags in a rut competing over the territory that was Sherlock.
His phone pinged back almost instantly
Victor shifted uncomfortably beside him and tugged at the belt of his jeans, “Come on Sherlock, it doesn’t matter, just forget it, let’s just get a bottle from the offy and go home”.
“But you can’t pull it out…because everyone would know….that Sherlock is Sir’s special pet…”
I looked away, as much to escape her penetrating gaze, and supped far too much wine than was good for me, snatching up the bottle myself to pour out again. John frowned a little, the slightest of looks to show he had noticed, but said naught, for my moods were known for their inconstancy. I took it on trust that he would know and understand the cause of my displeasure.
He left his collar unbuttoned and grabbed his tie, stuffing it into his pocket as they left the room together and Sherlock yawned widely, still mildly hung-over from the night before.
That was his fault, John had looked so delicious in just his pyjama trousers packing his things, bending over to pick things up off the floor and presenting his arse – how the hell was Sherlock supposed to ignore that? So the pants had come off, yanked down unceremoniously after an ambitious rugby-tackle, and he’d sucked him, then wanked over his chest, right there on the bedroom floor with John’s hands hovering uncertainly at the crown of his head, still wary of the neat row of stitches at the hairline.
“Just eat the damn chips Sherlock” John growled, stabbing a steaming slice of potato with a tiny wooden fork
His words struck at the heart of me, for they spoke of a truth which I had sought to conceal, for I knew he had lain with many women too, and that would be the easier path for him in the end. Social acceptance and propriety, which only a wife and family could give, not a life of rumour and suspicion such as he must endure if he remained close to me.
“The coat she was wearing last night is gone” said Sherlock, “and there don’t seem to be any indications of a struggle, so it looks like she left of her own free will at least.” He tried the door leading out to the main hallway. “Locked. She at least had time to lock up, but something’s still not right”.
John gasped and reached out a trembling hand, running it gently over the dip of his waist and pelvic bone, drawing circles around his hip.
John slouched towards the door, eager to escape Mycroft’s disdainful stare.
Not Sherlock-level bored, but pretty close and the reason was the distinct lack of a dark-haired stick of dynamite.
John opened the front door, and leaped straight over a drift of snow rising up at an angle against the side of the house, a bundle of nervous energy and anticipation now. It didn’t matter what they thought anyway because Sherlock Holmes would win hands down, every single time.
“What’s wrong now Angela, I go to the bathroom and come down to this?, I think half the street heard you love”.
“Well aren’t I the lucky one?” he said, trying his utmost to sound confident and to make John confident in return. It’s okay to want this John…I love it….really love it…but if you don’t want to that’s fine….okay…we don’t have to”. Because honestly, John would always be enough, just as he was.
John gasped, hips lifting at the sudden intrusion as Sherlock slowly worked it in and out.
He would enjoy Friday immensely, and make a particular point of fucking John very thoroughly and very loudly right under Mycroft’s abnormally large nose.
He rolled his eyes.
The University campus was a glorious sight as the tree-lined street came into view, almost sobbing with relief ten minutes later as he slid his key card into the door and let himself into the flat. The clock in the kitchen showed 6.00am as he filled a mug with cold water, taking small tentative sips, gulping more deeply when sure it would stay down. He stripped where he stood and dumped the clothes by the kitchen bin to deal with later and ran careful hands over his bare skin, prodding and poking gently as he went, his torso a beautiful mix of deep purple and blue.
“There are no flies on you dear are there? To show you the truth of course….how things would have turned out had you never been around”
“Come on John”, Sherlock wriggled impatiently, fighting to push his jeans down his thighs and shove them the rest of the way down his legs, as if they didn’t have all night, as if this had to happen right now.
“And that is your professional opinion?” John asked.
The woman sighed and looked up at the dark expanse of sky, cocking her head to the side as if listening to some unheard, distant voice. It was unsettling to say the least.
“Oh god you’re impossible….incredible Sherlock” John slipped out of character yet again, it really was adorable.
Sherlock steered him around and pushed him back down in his chair, his traitorous legs providing no resistance at all.
John could do little else but follow him out of the gym, and as the door slammed shut behind them, wondered what in hell he’d just stepped in the middle of.
But I could not work, and neither could I rest until I knew how things stood.
“Hmm yeah” John mumbled, trying hard not to picture what was concealed just beneath the surface, “I’ll turn around if you’re ready to jump out now”.
All of it. All of him.
It was just banter, he knew that, but a warm flush crept over his skin just the same. The other three were coatless and so ran on ahead ‘to get some beers in’ Bobby said, leaving John and Mike to saunter along behind.
“Sleepover, not back yet…just do as you’re told John”.
It would be fine, no more hiding, his choice was made.
“Who knows?”
“Spank me Sir…smack my bare bottom until I can’t sit down…”
Sherlock was very definitely smirking now, lips curled up at the corners in the hint of a smile.
“Oh god I am terrible person aren’t I? It’s just…he’s so different…so…”
“Right I think we’ve got a good ten minutes to get back to the dorms before they come back”
“Yes” said Sherlock. Because he already knew that, the day on which John Watson had entered the world. It was circled on his metaphorical calender in the brightest of scarlets. With stars and hearts. Fuck, he was pathetic.
Damn. This could be bad.
The Fat Lady winked at them as they skittered to a halt in front of her.
The thought of dragging John out onto the terrace and ramming his tongue down his throat as soon as he came through the door made Sherlock feel light-headed with lust. Oh god, he could barely breathe he was so fucking keyed-up and horny, and it was going to be at least another three or four fucking hours before he could peel off those clothes…
He had a new text, fumbling fingers opened the message.
“Let me go you arsehole”
He crossed over the running track and crunched along the gravel pathway to the gym, pushing open the heavy double doors, a swoosh of air blew his hair back across his face.
Mike beat him to the punch.
“Erm, nothing, my mistake I can see that now, just forget it.” He began to back away towards the door again, burning with mix of humiliation and another, darker urge to rip that hand away from Sherlock’s body and break every one of Victor’s fingers - slowly and as painfully as possible.
“Yeah, bit of a mind- fuck, that….but we’re here now, with a candle and everything” , he gestured to the customary little tea-light flickering on the table between them, “on a proper not-a-date, again”.
Mycroft continued to observe him with barely concealed amusement, just the slightest raising of the eyebrows.
The track led as Sherlock had said, to a small copse of trees packed tight together, and a little further still, there was the break, just where Sherlock said it would be. John swung right into the clearing relieved to have finally arrived, and brought the bike to a smooth controlled stop in a patch of stubby grass. He cut the engine, and peered into the utter dark that surrounded them. After the noise of the road and the engine for close to three miles the silence seemed absolute. John gave an involuntary shiver which had little to do with the cold wet denim currently clinging to his shins.
So intent on what his mouth could achieve he lost track of his lower half, and was given a timely reminder as Sherlock bucked beneath him, wrapping two long legs around his back as he desperately thrust upwards cocks sliding together damp with sweat and pre-ejaculate. The sensations caused by the friction was almost too much as John fought to control the clenching ache in the pit of his gut and thighs that quivered and shook just with the effort of holding himself back from tipping right over the edge.
Sherlock just gave another infuriating shrug that made his fists clench. If he could muster the strength he would punch him and then probably snog him again. Jesus Christ he was impossible.
“I know, but I want to call you Santa ,if you don’t mind….do you?”
There was John too. In some ridiculous way that he couldn’t quite fathom he was doing all this to impress him. Look John, see, Sherlock isn’t really a fucked-up mess, wild and impetuous and clever, yes, and he can give you that danger you so desperately crave, but he’s not a lost cause…yet. Because that was what he had tasted on the inside of John Watson’s mouth, a craving for the dark side, something that Sherlock was more than able to provide. John was hungry tonight, he had already proved that and he was hovering on the edge of something else now, something exciting and dangerous.
“Sherlock lad, haven’t seen you at one of these in a while, is that new school of yours working you too hard?”
Sherlock bounded up from the sofa, legs in a tangle of quilt and John, and shoved him along insistently towards the bathroom, he grabbed the towels from the table on the way.
“Come where?” Sherlock had said, and Mycroft just shook his head and laughed, leaving him feeling stupid and annoyed because he didn’t understand.
John looked uncomfortable again and took a large gulp of still too hot tea before he answered, shooting Sherlock a nervous glance.
Forgive me, but I must confess myself to have been wholly innocent at this time, my brother having left before the first flowerings of my adolescence. Father never spoke of such things and neither had mama, therefore I remained blissfully unaware of Irene’s more unseemly designs upon my person never having had a sweetheart of my own.
“I love touching my cock Sir, just like this, but teacher said it’s dirty….. that I’m a dirty, filthy boy” he breathed, tongue flicking over that plump bottom lip coquettishly as he peered shyly through lowered lashes.
He snatched the tube from Harry’s hand. “That’s not helping, those are for the party”
Still, if it were true the gesture was sweet beyond belief and set my heart beating fast against my ribs that he would do this for me, for us both when for days he surely had observed the way I’d fretted and worried at the wild divergence of his behaviour; distant, and pensive by turns and the primal urge that swept over him, the need for demonstrable affection, by pleasuring my body and his own whenever the chance arose. Not that I would ever deny him, for I just as surely had needs of my own.
I continued to struggle, and with one final push the wood gave and jerked upward an inch, enough to get our hands beneath and force it up the rest of the way.
John prodded and pushed him down on the floor, between the sofa and the coffee table where all the snacks were spread out. He sat, rather stiffly, pow-wow style, legs crossed between Mary, who he knew from school and a boy called Gary, or Greg whom he did not.
“Well, I wouldn’t know about that actually, I just know that I like him, and I think he’s pretty fucking amazing in fact, so what’s your point exactly?”
“Well at least I don’t have to make do with my right hand tonight Anderson”.
“A pirate” Sherlock shouted, picking up two long sticks and throwing one to John “Now walk the plank you lily-livered land lubber” he said, in his best Long John Silver voice while poking John in the stomach.
“Yeah…something like that” he poured some well-stewed tea from a pot into an over-sized mug, adding milk and then two sugars as an afterthought. Blood sugar, needed a boost after last night. He hid his smirk inside the giant cup.
John closed his eyes and dipped his head down a little, the remnants of a shredded napkin in his lap, “I want to split you in two” he said, looking up at last. His eyes had gone dark now, a bare rim of iris around the black hole of the pupil. Sherlock noticed these things. He also noticed himself, heart-hammering and cock hard, as he pictured it…what John could…no….would do to him.
John leant down to kiss him deeply, Sherlock pulling and biting at his lip hungrily. He moved forward, straddling Sherlock’s sated body, “Can I?” he asked, fisting his own neglected cock.
“Sherlock, watch those biscuits dear, they’re almost due to come out” Mummy said, trailing a cloud of flour and icing sugar through the house as she bustled through to answer the call.
“Fuck you Mycroft”
“We can’t do this again Victor”
Shit. If there was ever a voice he didn’t want to hear it was this one.
“Yes sir, indeed”, that gentleman said, rising from his knees at last, “I can make these up in six days if that is convenient and have them sent on”.
John was embarrassingly hard again, and Sherlock, obviously not in the mood to wait for an answer, rocked his body against him, just once. John could feel the flex of taut muscle as those buttocks clenched and rolled, so he reached out, and pinched with his fingertips at fabric so thin Sherlock may as well be naked for all the modesty it gave.
“What? Me covered in someone else’s blood?”
It was maddening. He sifted through the facts in his head. What had started as a way to impress John and help Mrs Hudson out had rapidly led to them becoming entangled in turf war between two dodgy drug-dealing club owners, and now two of the men who had threatened them turn up dead and he couldn’t decide if that was a good or a bad thing.
Good question, thought John, and more to the point, what was the actual plan, because now they were here it seemed less and less likely that this would bloody well work.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock looked genuinely stunned as if this was the most stupid thing he had ever been asked, “John is ridiculously gorgeous and you haven’t shown the slightest bit of interest in him at all, your friend on the other hand is practically salivating” he turned to Elsa “Don’t waste your time, he’s gay and he’s mine, besides, aren’t you seeing Marcus Hunt?”
“Fuck me right here outside, where anyone might walk out and see”
“Don’t talk to me in that tone John”
“Wow, an actual tree-house…you’re so bloody lucky…” John said, as he pulled himself up, “if it was mine I would sleep out here all the time, even in Winter, with tons of blankets and stuff, and you could stash loads of food and supplies….and fuck me…that view…I bet on a clear day you can see for miles”
“You….why did you do that…how could you even know that would happen?” he gasped once sure he had regained the use of his vocal cords for something other than embarrassing animal noises.
Well, all the bits at 221B anyway.
Sherlock looked rather smug. “Fitter than you for one…Oh my god, stop being such a baby,” he said, poking John in the side with his toe. “Get up.”
Victor broke away and paced the floor in agitation and utter cold fury, face ashen as he muttered variations on the theme of ‘oh god, Jesus Christ and fuck no’ as Sherlock stood frozen in front of a growing puddle of his own blood, still dripping freely from his recently abused nose, reminding him exactly why he had started to inject instead. Victor stopped pacing only long enough to hurl a large box of Kleenex across the room at his head shouting “Clean yourself up for god’s sake Sherlock, you’re an absolute fucking mess”, before stalking out of the room and slamming the kitchen door so hard that it rattled in its frame, way past caring about the noise that they made.
There.
Mycroft knew, (he had done nothing to hide the fresh track marks) but he hadn’t actually said, which was quite disturbing in itself and made Sherlock quite tempted to stop there and then out of spite, just to prove the he wasn’t addicted this time. And he didn’t think he really was…yet, still teetering on the edge, as he dabbled with heroin again.
I cried out, fisting the sheets on which I lay as I fought back the urge to move my hips for fear I would choke him, the wet heat of his mouth and the frantic push and pull as he bobbed his head overwhelming in its intensity. He eased back a little, sensing the tension, tightly coiled within. With firm sure strokes he licked from root to tip as if he sampled some great delicacy, flicking over the blood hot head as he lapped up the fluid that had gathered there.
(Fat, Sherlock had said, untruthfully John had to admit, although next to Sherlock’s thoroughbred proportions anyone would appear fat).
“No, Nanny” he mumbled, not meeting John’s eye as he clipped an expensive brown leather lead to Redbeard and hovered awkwardly, torn between obeying the call and staying here with his new friend.
“Oh, I can think of a thousand ways I want to have you….starting right now…do it!”
Sherlock shot him a look, unreadable, and he stared back blankly. This was not his world, these were not his friends, he was getting off in this guy’s sister’s bedroom for god’s sake. He should just be thankful it hadn’t ended with a punch in the face, although he was pretty confident who would come out of it worse.
“I never forgot Sherlock, I never wanted to leave” he went on , Sherlock sat in silence not trusting himself to speak, “We have mutual friends though, they kept me in the loop… you don’t have to explain any of it, the things that happened after…I already know…” there was an unbearable sadness in his voice as he spoke, eyes cast down, a flicker of pain in the set of his jaw as he shook his head in disbelief.
John sat by me and smiled, reaching out to place his warm, soft palm over the back of my hand where it lay loosely atop my thigh. He slid his fingers into the spaces between my own and squeezing, locked them together. It was a gesture meant to comfort and reassure, and I was thankful, as I pressed my head back into the supple old leather and fought to control my racing heart and ragged breath.
It was ten minutes before the reply came through as Sherlock mentally counted the seconds, telling himself that this….distance…was what they both wanted now, that John had other priorities than replying to his texts in under two minutes and it was useless to wish they could turn the clock back. John didn’t need him anymore, if he ever really had.
You couldn’t even see them much, his hair flopped down to cover the wound, and besides they were coming out soon, Mycroft had made arrangements at a clinic in John’s home town for Friday morning, two more days.
“Yes…are you happy now?”
He sighed contentedly.
“Don’t just sit there Mike, get me something to mop this shit up, a damp cloth or something, it’s not as if you’ve got anything better to do
The mental image made him giggle….shit ,he was still pretty drunk. That could be the only explanation for what he said next.
Shit John, you stupid, stupid fuck!
“Please…let me kiss you now” he gasped.
John huffed fondly and shook his head. "Yeah, maybe."
And so Sherlock had taken a purposeful step back, to let John move on, only, he forgot that he was doing this for John’s own good from time to time, like tonight, and the dinner invitation to the very place where these troublesome feelings had come about. John would be much better off, in fact everyone would be, if he was no longer around, or better still, had never been around.
Sherlock checked his phone again.
Sara slumped slightly in her seat then, her shoulders dropped with an air of defeat.
The walls were just a stud partition, a thin layer of plaster board and nothing else, four walls and a ply-wood door to seal off his small part of the vast open room, the third floor of an illegal warehouse conversion.
John didn’t know quite whether to feel mortified or impressed, the girls however, seemed to find the entire thing hilarious.
He kicked out at his desk chair, forgetting what a solid piece of furniture it was and howled in pain at the pulse of pure agony which radiated up his big toe. The day could hardly get any worse now, he had already had his fingers up several rectums today as it twas the season for an arseful of piles, not to mention changing the dressings on a weeping abcess, a vaginal swab for Chlamydia and administering countless flu jabs because the nurse was on maternity leave and they were woefully understaffed. His head throbbed and his back ached from sitting in a chair most of the day and now this, dinner with his alcoholic sister, her new partner and his psychopathic assassin wife. And for this, he had blown off a dinner invitation at Angelo’s with Sherlock.
‘And now’, he said, brow pressed to my own, ‘if you will favour me with your company I will make it worth your while, come to bed with me Sherlock and let us make up for lost time’.
“Fuck you Victor…I’ll do whatever the hell I want, you don’t fucking own me…..I bet you’d have me on a leash if you could…”
Sherlock’s skin was crawling now. Trent was going to pin him here until he took the fucking drugs, hook him in and keep him dancing. Maybe it would be better to just give in and get it over with, worry about the consequences later? He remembered the intense high after that first sweet hit, the sharp focus, feeling invincible, but he also remembered cravings, cramps and sickness, he couldn’t go back to that, John would never want to be with a pathetic junkie. Oh god, John. They were supposed to be together right now. He would think Sherlock had ditched him – he’d gone and fucked that up too!
“Yes please…do that”
Sherlock pressed to reject it and finally let go.
“One night, just like this, not tonight, but soon, a woman will die, because Detective Inspector Lestrade is forced to suspend Sherlock Holmes after repeatedly turning up at crime scene’s high on cocaine and heroin. A vital lead is lost. Sherlock blames himself, internalising the pain, he gets worse. He never meets John Watson, there was no-one there to save him from himself”
He had lost his virginity to another boy.
I had not forgotten, just pushed the knowledge to the very back of my mind amongst the dust and cobwebs of my subconscious. Any thought that this could go well for me was overlaid with a thick sense of dread after the horrors of my previous encounter. I needed Tom to show me what was required, but the bounty on my head made the practical experience impossible, I was expected to endure and to learn the necessary only from bitter experience, the words of Mr V thrown back to me as prophecy.
The late summer air felt warm against his skin as he walked down the long row of terraced houses, right arm extended as the dog pulled and tugged in her eagerness to reach their destination, to run, to jump, to play, tail wagging constantly. John fished around in his pocket for the battered old tennis ball he always brought, and tossed it once, twice in his hand as they crossed the street and pushed through the wrought iron gate leading into the park.
“On the bed… face down boy” John hauled his boneless body upright and he crawled to the centre of the bed, kicking off the trousers and pants, and discarding the sweater and shirt as he went, tie still swinging loosely around his neck.
“Well,” he looked down, “are you coming up or not?”
He shuddered a little, feeling weak and wobbly in the aftermath.
He moved further down dipping into John’s naval, and leaving a cool wet trail on his skin. He lifted his head and reached to steady the base of John’s cock with his left hand licking a firm stripe from root to tip. This was familiar ground for both of them. He worked his lips around the head, lapping and sipping at the beads of precome already seeping from the slit, loving the bitter-sweet taste that was all John, just like a fingerprint, dipping and swirling his tongue before sucking down firmly.
Her splayed thighs hung down, laying open to my view the greasy landscape of her womanhood, a red gaping slit overhung with a thick bush of grizzled hair offered up like a beggar’s purse.
“Such a clever boy Sherlock, come see me when you need to scratch that itch dear, and remember, you owe me a favour now beautiful” she sashayed away around the outer edge of the room and disappeared through a concealed black door marked ‘private’.
John groaned.
“And is that all you’re gagging for tonight Mr Watson?”
“Angry at you? No! Angry at that dickhead in there who thinks it’s so fucking funny to try and humiliate you in front of me? Yes! I know he knows about us Sherlock, that we’re together. What’s his problem? That I didn’t go to some thirty grand a year boarding school, or that he’s jealous or something, you didn’t want him back then and it’s some sort of twisted payback?”
“Well, you’re his roommate, let us know when you find out”
“Okay, that’s it, I’m leaving now, bye!”
“You scared me half to death Sherlock, and besides, I didn’t stick that fucking needle full of shit in your arm did I?”
That we were the subject of gossip too was brought to our attention on the morning of the third by our landlord. He met us upon the landing as we came back from a bath which we had shared, more water on the floor than in the tub by the time that we were done. We were stripped to the waist with only our drawers on when we were brought up short by his broad burly figure, clearly ogling us both in our state of undress. From the corner of my eye I could see John’s shoulders shaking with mirth as that good fellow grew hot in the face, not knowing who or what to look at next. He settled on my navel and the trail of dark hair below it.
“GET OUT, GET OUT, GET OUT”.
“Well that depends you see…is he a runaway or a throwaway?”
“Look I just saw Sherlock leave, you don’t know if he arranged to meet someone else, you know, mentioned something on the way over or, knew someone who was coming tonight?”
“Amazing….you have quite an impressively large cock by the way…at least that’s how it felt on this side if it…”
John Watson.
His jaw was released with a harsh barking laugh.
Cook beamed proudly. “See master Sherlock…someone appreciates my cooking….doesn’t eat enough to keep a bird alive, this one” she nudged John fondly and pointed an accusing finger at Sherlock. He retaliated against this bullying campaign by cutting himself a large slice of vanilla sponge cake.
“My god, are you alright?” his heart was racing as the two of them tumbled back, John landing on his arse and the old man sitting heavily in his lap, the ignorant gits around them all acting like they hadn’t even seen an old man almost fall to his death on the train tracks.
“Sit down before you fall down for fuck’s sake”
“Don’t push me you twat…and then what…you took a nice little stroll by the Thames in the middle of the fucking night?”
Coming from that direction just to ‘have a look’ as he claimed, he would have been stopped like that van just had, unless he had already been here, before it started, Sherlock mused. He chided himself. Evidence not idle conjecture, that was what he needed, proof. Well, really it was just a chance to show-off in front of John again, to be called
“But you still did it anyway,” said John.
He quickened his pace at that, it wouldn’t do to have Jute hurt herself. The ebony horse pawed at the ground, dragging up the stones into untidy little heaps, and huffing clouds of hot, horsey breath into the cold night air. Perone, the grand old dame, snickered softly to calm the young horse and rubbed her nose lovingly along Jute’s proud, elegant neck.
John freed me for the time it took to pull the dark drapes across each carriage window, blocking out the light. The bustle of the early morning streets disappeared again, concealing us from the marker traders and early risers on their way to earn an honest day’s pay. He stood before me, swaying with the movement of the wheels over cobblestones and using one hand on the back of the seat to steady himself against the motion, he bent forward to kiss me full upon the lips. It was soft and sweet and all too brief, but my breath became laboured all the same, and then the spell was broken as the wheel hit a rut in the road and pitched John forward to sprawl in a most undignified way across my lap.
“But she…”
“Mary likes it” John pouted defiantly , even though there was an unspoken agreement not to talk about her tonight. The mere thought of her already poisoned every interaction they had.
I could tell from the first that John hated it, his jaw set and tense.
What he needed right now was someone who knew what they wanted. And he was tired of all the pathetic boys his age who hadn’t the slightest clue what they were doing. Jesus, you would hardly think they had the same functioning equipment between their legs , because their knowledge of the male erection was sadly lacking if the sloppy wet blowjobs he’d had the misfortune to experience of late had been anything to go by.
“Show me” Sherlock said, a bare hint of panic in his voice as he wriggled his wrists in John’s tight grip. He squeezed harder until the struggling hands grew still.
By the time John had made it out of the tenth circle of hell that was the London Underground during rush hour, he felt filthy and irritated and desperate for another cleansing shower (solo this time, regrettably) and not at all horny anymore.
The last words were said in a whisper. She looked stricken, and gasped, clasping a hand to her mouth in the realisation she’d said let something slip that she’d thought John didn’t already know about. She meant drugs, it was the only other thing he could think of, the most logical conclusion. She’d known all about it, even before Sherlock had told him, because that last time Sherlock saw her was over three weeks ago now.
A good eight inches flaccid with an impressive girth, easily the best cock in the room, John Watson was the surprise package in more ways than one.
John gasped as a middle –aged couple walking a golden retriever walked past them on the other side of the street, frowning in obvious disapproval.
“Oh no…I think we can do much better than that…let’s see if we can find out about this direct from the horse’s mouth”.
He would spare them both the details here, needless to say there were a variety of interesting implements involved in the proceedings.
Caring was most certainly not an advantage when it came to Sherlock.
“Stop it you arse, are you trying to give me a hard-on while I’m stuck behind this bloody bar?”
‘Sherlock’ I replied before Tom could bundle me around the landing out of sight of those most vivid blue eyes which had awoken a fire in my belly at just one glance.
“Who’s the new boy then, the one who benefits from Mr Watson’s extra tuition?”
He threw the phone across the room where it connected with Sherlock’s hip and landed on the hard tiled floor with a crack. He felt like a fool, a bloody stupid idiot. What if he had said it, before in the club, when it pounded like a pulse in his chest ‘I love you Sherlock’? Would he still feel like this, where every single inch of him hurt like hell?
“You know I never do as I’m told John”
“Here sir”. (
“Outside? Are you insane?” John hissed and then jumped in surprise as Sherlock’s finger pressed down against his lips, soft and warm
“No” John said, because he so desperately didn’t want it to be true.
“Why ever would you want to stop her? Total obedience is rather overrated, and shouldn’t they be allowed to enjoy themselves too?”
His lungs felt too small as he tried to draw breath, like trying to suck in air through a drinking straw, a lot of effort for not much reward. He stumbled forward blindly, reaching out for Sherlock’s arm as he surged across the crowded dance floor, the most direct route to the bar. (if they got separated in here they would never find each other again). It was unlike anything John had experienced before, easing past gyrating dancers, same-sex couples snogging and groping openly, hands caressing his back and his arse as they made their way through, cheeky winks, the odd squeeze that made him yelp in surprise. Sherlock kept glancing back at him, checking to see he was okay, laughing at the stunned expression on his face, utter shellshock. Sherlock on the other hand, looked in his element, shimmying expertly around the tight press of sweating bodies, batting off wandering hands playfully, pointing at John when someone tried to go a little too far, mouthing ‘sorry, I’m with my boyfriend’ as John’s chest swelled with pride. They made it to the bar in one piece, John the slightly more ruffled of the two, he pushed nervous fingers through his hair and smoothed down the creases in his t-shirt.
John had to defuse this, Sara was becoming hysterical.
Oh fuck! His back had been turned to the door and he hadn’t noticed John’s return. Mycroft, he realised, evidently had, and had timed his incriminating response accordingly (smooth move you fat wanker)
“Well seeing as I’m planning on spending most of the time on top of you…or under you…I can’t see it being much of a problem”.
The deep voice vibrated close to his skin, tickling over his balls. Damn the fucking lunatic, he was supposed to be annoyed, he was not supposed to be thinking about how nice that felt.
Someone tapped on his arm, soft but insistent.
“A bit” he admitted. It was gorgeous felt amazing, but two more minutes and he’d be shooting off like a rocket and he hadn’t been inside Sherlock yet. And that, John realised is what he really, really wanted, that tight little arse bouncing on his cock until he screamed.
“A Peregrine Falcon, small, compact and extremely fast” Sherlock blushed a little and turned away.
And so I resolved to go. Mrs Hudson took her leave and assured me that if I should want she would not tell Irene of my ever being there. I did not know if the words rang true, for what did she owe me, a stranger, a gauche young boy from the country with but one protector and still fewer friends? But as I left she called to me and drawing me away from John a little said if ever I should find myself in trouble I could always be sure of a place here with her.
John gave a jolt as a large meaty hand clapped him on the shoulder from behind as Sherlock slid down off the bar again looking not in the slightest bit sorry.
“Yes, we”, John answered, “He has heard tell that I have a new close acquaintance and wishes to meet with you also….Do not be concerned”, he said hurriedly, when I failed to school my features in time to something more unmoved, “He pulled this trick with Charles Worthington too. He only wishes to satisfy himself that you are not some corrupting influence, and then I can assure you he will let you alone”.
“I see” Greg paused, dark eyes flickering between them both, “Nah, fuck it, actually I don’t see…why can’t you just stay out of trouble for one bloody minute Sherlock? You know I should report all this and pull you both in for questioning? This is a fucking murder investigation Sherlock and it sounds to me as though you’ve gone and pissed off our main suspect…so cheers for that…Mycroft’s going to chuck you in the salt mines for this little stunt…jesus… Right, here’s what’s going to happen, we never fucking had this conversation at least that’s the official line until I’ve had a chance to talk to Mycroft, and if you don’t agree to that I can’t promise anything and I can’t help if we find evidence to tie you to the investigation”.
He bent low over Sherlock’s back as he picked up the pace, soft cotton rubbing against his naked skin as John pounded his arse like a porn star, taking more and more, faster and faster, skin connecting with skin in slick wet slaps, sounding so disgusting and obscene, his beautiful innocent mouth pouring forth a constant stream of filth.
I swear I must have slept a little, lulled to sleep by the heat of the bed, for in what felt like only moments he had returned again, peppering the top of my head with kisses, the only part of me left exposed.
“She’s a rare beauty Sherlock” John approached Jute and patted her neck without fear. The young horse tossed her head a little and then buried her soft, wet nose in John’s palm. He laughed “She’s after a tasty treat I think, shame we didn’t pinch an apple from the kitchen, I bet she would’ve enjoyed that”
“You got it little bro, bang on”, her voice was slightly slurred now and she swayed alarmingly on her stool. Also, that finger currently poking in the direction of his face was getting far too close to his eyeball for comfort. John shifted back a little and grasped her wrist, pushing her hand back down into her lap. “You, you gorgeous sexy thing didn’t do a damn thing wrong. Jesus Christ Johnny she played you like a fool for two years at least, so let karma bite her in the arse a bit while you’re getting your rocks off with some beautiful little….” She paused and peered at him thoughtfully, “Which way are we leaning tonight then?”
(Not that the hard drugs were Billy’s fault, he’d been speedballing on a semi- regular basis long before that).
“I don’t understand” he turned to the man at his side “it’s just Sherlock, same as always….so why are we here?”
Two bundles of linen were set on the bed, all the necessary accoutrements for rigging me out as a fine young gentleman, a shirt and breeches of the finest ivory linen and a waistcoat in azure with polished silver buttons. There were new white stockings to replace my own and black leather shoes with buckles. That the clothes were not new, excepting the stockings, was of no import never having dressed in such finery since the days before my father gambled and drank away our family fortune.
“It is the not knowing, Tom. I could bear it a little better if I knew.”
Greg went with him, the cafeteria surprisingly busy despite the lateness of the hour, and it was nice to have company, someone that didn’t expect him to chat, or ask pointless questions, or ask him if he was okay every five bloody minutes. It was obvious he wasn’t. They sat for half an hour, Greg brought them refill’s and a couple of jam doughnuts, golden and thick with sugar, the sticky, sweet raspberry filling oozing out onto the plastic plate and paper napkin. He wasn’t even hungry, but the first bite made his stomach growl for more, so he wolfed it down in three huge bites, washed down with the rest of his coffee.
“What?”
“I…I just thought,” John stuttered, wrong-footed by the sudden surge of jealousy, but yet unable to draw his eyes away from Sherlock’s waist.
A soft velvet voice chimed in his ear and a soft warm hand rested lightly on his arm, the sweet smell of jasmine scenting the air around him.
Do not engage with the enemy. Ha!
“You say that like it’s a bad thing”, he answered with a sigh, crossing his arms behind his head and momentarily closing his eyes, “but which bit would bother her most – the fucking, or the fact that I’m still at school and technically not an adult?....And you call me the drama queen”, Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock could barely think let alone form the words to answer John, and how was he supposed to function anyway with John’s mouth on his neck now, sucking hard and biting down, tongue licking over the hot stinging skin. And fuck, the man’s hands just
“It could have been a lot fucking worse” said John, “we could’ve been dragged out of here in handcuffs”
I knew this place. It had become so familiar to me in the time we had spent here that in some small way, it felt like a home, the patrons my family and the landlord like a benevolent uncle; even considering how our time here had ended.
He shrugged on his jacket and coat, wound his favourite blue scarf around his neck and picked up his violin case by the soft leather handle, indented with the shape of his fingers, the weight of it reassuring in his hand. John waited by the door expectantly, with a smile that was only for him. Sherlock sighed, and prayed to a deity he didn’t believe in to please not let him fuck it up this time.
I wondered if that was all that had passed, for if I knew that lady at all it was as one not to be spurned, and so, we may have thought that it was over, for in the eyes of the law it was true, but Tom’s words were still enough to trouble me.
Oh god, this night could turn very fucking messy, four shots in the last half hour on an empty stomach? Not good.
On my knees perhaps. I would love that. Your thick hard cock rammed half-way down my throat choking on spit and come with your fingers tightly gripped in my hair.
“Come home” John sighed as he leant his ruffled blond head on Sherlock’s arm, fingers hovering uncertainly over his own then snatching up the hand not holding a mug and linking them together so hard he felt metacarpal scrape against metacarpal. Wonderful.
“Fuck it, I’m not wearing the damn thing it makes me feel like I’m choking and I can barely swallow around it”.
“You do treat Sherlock differently from his other friends, I mean look at tonight…Mike”.
“Can you open it a crack, I want to hear who’s out there”
John caught him around the waist and stared into his eyes with a burning intensity which made his breath catch. He pulled Sherlock forward, fingers toying with the buckle on his jeans, just resting there gauging the reaction first before shoving two fingers down hard past the denim barrier and pressing them into the base of his cock. Sherlock jerked and then settled, pushing back into the pressure and sliding his left hand around John’s back while he unpicked the buttons of his shirt with the other.
me…not so sweet are you, the way you want me like this, helpless underneath you” he trailed his fingers down the length of John’s spine feeling him shiver, then slowly, slowly scratched his way back up, just a little too deeply, a little too hard. John gave a jerk, unsure if he should flinch away or stay, trying to process what Sherlock was doing.
“I’ve heard much worse from the stable lads John, and from Sherlock here, when his temper is up, turns the air quite blue at times…I can’t imagine where he gets that from”
Always.
Sherlock thrust his arse back as John finally pushed the first fingertip inside, totally past caring how slutty he looked, as John added a second and a third, probing and stretching him open as Sherlock pushed against him, fucking himself on John’s hand, reaching down to grip his neglected cock.
“I’m not on a permanent mission to get in his pants every five minutes you know, despite what you obviously think” he spat.
“Oh fuck!...what if he sees you?, you’re underage” John glanced around nervously at the pair of officers, currently chatting amiably to a young couple in matching jackets, sure they would notice any second, as if Sherlock had a massive flashing sign over his head that said ‘seventeen’.
John blushed crimson, glad for the cover of near darkness.
They were done with the scenic route, as they ran the whole way back and stumbled through the door of 221B, hands clutching and grabbing at any body part within reach, an arm, a thigh, a waist, an arse, kneading the flesh hard enough to leave marks, just to make sure it was real. Mrs Hudson popped her head out
“For god’s sake Sherlock,
“Well, if you wanted to shag me, you could just ask politely you know John” Sherlock wriggled on the floor beneath him.
‘Have you never kissed a man before?’ Tom said, when finally we broke part.
“No…I mean yes, fucking yes, of course I do…shit, what now?”
He watched as Frank bent close to whisper in her ear and saw the answering frown of confusion and shake of the head she gave him, and the nervous turn of her head back in John’s direction. And then, just as the couple reached the stairs he turned, and winked at him.
“Weren’t what?”
Physical exertion was to be avoided for the immediate days following, and so he had spent an excruciating five days in bed every night at home alone, texting John back and forward well into the early hours until one or both of them had fallen asleep. That was invariably John. He would get out of bed then, and spend the remainder of the midnight hours chain-smoking and researching retrograde amnesia.
A half-remembered conversation floated through her mind about John hearing some kid playing the most amazing song, and his face looked vaguely familiar, but she couldn’t quite place where she had seen him before, a school concert seemed the most likely place. He glanced back over his shoulder once, before heading in the direction of All Saints church. With nothing else to go on it was worth a try, so she quickened her pace and followed.
“Where the hell did you come from John Watson” he gasped between shaky breaths.
“Yes I do….and I am one…that’s me…more than your paltry three continents if you must know”
Sara was shouting now, disbelief giving way to anger and contempt.
“Yeah well, Frank’s going places, you know? And when someone is doing well, people line up to knock them down don’t they?”
John lifted himself up onto his toes and peered through the small glass panel in the door. He was rewarded almost immediately with the sight of a long lean body, almost naked but for flesh coloured tights, bending at the waist in front of the long bank of mirrors. One pale hand rested lightly on the barre that ran around three sides of the large square room, his back was turned away from the door. Thank god. John let out the breath he’d been holding in a rush and the glass ghosted white with his breath. The boy turned blurred and indistinct until John rubbed it off again, smearing condensation with the back of his sleeve.
“Not on me”
For about five seconds you could’ve heard a pin drop, then the room erupted in a burst of ear-splitting sound. John was grinning from ear to ear, Sally looked like she wanted to stick a knife in someone (him, probably), and Sherlock just wished for a bolt of lightning to strike him down.
John looked on, knowing from experience that this could take a while. Sometimes it was instant, the hat knew exactly where you should be, but other times the choice was harder as the wearer tried to exert their will, and influence the hats’ choice. From what he could see of keen intelligent eyes and an obviously strong will, John thought Ravenclaw or Slytherin the most obvious fit, and besides, he couldn’t help but feel it was in his own best interests to keep away from this oddly mesmerising boy.
“No, no, just…bed… can we?"
“Well it was hardly appropriate in front of Greg…he would’ve blabbed straight to Mycroft if he caught wind of any such plans… and I would say we’ve been a little preoccupied since…but I always planned on having you first if that’s what you were going to ask.”
“Not just I…and I am sure he only does so for proprieties sake, two young men of our age should be seen to show at least a passing interest in the delights of the female form in the expectation of future betrothal”.
Sherlock was joking, of course, he knew that, but John felt a deep pang of guilt all the same at his piss-poor choice of words. This boy was something special, anyone with half a brain could see that and of course this meant something, even if John wasn’t sure quite what yet. He swallowed thickly realising he didn’t want this to be a one night thing, the thought that he might never see Sherlock again left him feeling oddly devastated. He growled in annoyance as the back of his throat began to sting and heady rush of white noise filled his ears.
“John…my John”, I breathed into his mouth, and he pressed a hand to the back of my neck to crush out lips so hard that I gasped at the pain of it, and felt my teeth catch, tasting his blood on my tongue.
He averted his eyes when John took his turn, certain he would drool at the sight, and just embarrass himself even more. He already knew what it looked like because he had seen John’s penis several times before, you couldn’t exactly live in each other’s pockets and share a small bathroom without the odd accidental exposure of random body parts.
He rotated and pulled on it gently, working it out of Sherlock’s tight arse, both gasping when it finally popped out, sparkly and green, like a filthy Christmas tree. John wondered just how long Sherlock had had this all planned.
“Um, I don’t know. It looks sort of lived-in maybe?”
Sherlock felt a momentary pang of guilt and gratitude. Last night could so easily have ended in a cold damp prison cell and the wrath of Mycroft (although that would be forthcoming anyway owing to a second night of escapology), instead it had been….perfect?
“Right and wrong,” he said. Sherlock looked nonplussed, and a cute little crinkle of bemusement appeared right in the centre of his two arched brows.
They were both a bit broken, in their own peculiar way.
I closed my eyes and in bowing my head could feel the first prick of hot, traitorous tears behind the lids, the breath shuddered from my chest as I fought against the deep sense of hopelessness that I would ever find another path than the one fate had set my feet upon.
“Needs must”, I answered coolly, “I understand you worked the ports in the North for a time six years ago?” “That I did lad, twenty years served, keeping records at the Liverpool docks, trading, cargoes, immigrants….”
That night John was ready for him, just waiting for the moment when he would try and sneak out, and sure enough around two in the morning the bedcovers rustled as Sherlock crept quietly out of bed and began moving across the room towards the door. He was dressed in warm clothes with his winter robes on.
Sherlock gave him ‘the look’ and sank his teeth into John’s shoulder making him yelp.
Sherlock wiped the back of his hand across his lips. “John’s meant to be here, I must have forgotten to mention it. Lestrade said as much when he spoke to me this morning, or don’t you remember? Or perhaps were you still stoned from last night?” he added, archly.
“Bollocks! You do know he could do it all in his head, don’t you? He doesn’t actually need a fucking guitar at all – he’s just being an awkward little shit – no change there then I guess. Look, tell him I’ll leave it in the hall before I drive off, but I can guarantee he won’t touch it though”
“No probs, there’s an empty warehouse on Sackville Street, down by the docks, loads of people, mostly kids, stay there when the weather is shit like tonight, I’ve stayed there myself a few times. It’s dry at least, still not very fucking warm though”
He was sat on the chaise by the fire in his room, newly lit to stave off the chill of the evening air. His waistcoat was slung across the bed, shoes and stockings on the floor beneath, and so he appeared to me the image of true beauty with his bare chest exposed, shirt unbuttoned to the waist to reveal his unrivalled form. I shed my clothes, all but the thin linen drawers, and climbed upon the chaise beside him, laying myself down until my head was nestled atop his thighs. I wriggled around to face him, long legs dangling off the end somewhat, and so I drew them up and folded them beneath me as best I could.
“Something happened…” Sherlock started, but the words seemed to stick in the back of his throat as he thought of the events that had led him here. No. he hadn’t come here to think, he had come to forget.
“When I woke, just now, you weren’t here…” Sherlock opened his eyes then and loosened his grip slightly, but still held on, needing the tangible feel of skin on skin to convince himself that John really was here, and he wouldn’t disappear again. “You can’t leave…you’re not fucking allowed to…not anymore”.
“Ugh! Public transport! Sweaty armpits and bad breath, people sneezing all over the back of your head, and all the unnecessary touching” Sherlock grimaced.
Greg mouthed along his throat, an occasional light nip and tug, and Mycroft gave himself over to the sensation. They had both been too tired the night before, Greg from a day pounding the streets and endless reams of paperwork, Mycroft simply overwrought with the strain of keeping Sherlock in check for the three days of his suspension, and this morning, well, nothing dampens the libido quite like hearing your own brother in the throes of orgasm.
The club was spilling out now, and rather than put on a show for an audience of drunken pervs, Sherlock dragged at John’s arm and pulled him around the side of the building into the alleyway. There was always the risk they would be caught out here anyway, but John hadn’t offered an alternative and his dorm room was definitely out of the question. Especially since John was under the mistaken impression that Sherlock went to Uni, and was not in reality an A-Level student at the private boarding school down the road.
He sank into a seat near the back and prepared himself for two hours of mind-numbing boredom, spread his jumper across the pitted wooden desk, laid his head down and closed his eyes. He drifted away almost instantly, as the sounds of chatter and movement from the rest of the class grew muffled and indistinct. He was back bed, John’s bed, his warm breath on the back of Sherlock’s neck as they slept. He could fell his heart beating the pulse in his neck, the blood pumping round his body, the smell of sex and sweat, the remnants of aftershave and deodorant, cardboard from the unpacked boxes by the window and the scent of stale beer on denim jeans. And his voice telling Sherlock how beautiful he was.
But why was John looking at him that way, what had he done?
Sherlock was shivering now in his thin sweat-soaked t-shirt. He grabbed John’s left hand and began jogging in the direction of the highstreet.
Sherlock was the first to pull away.
John couldn’t help agreeing with that last message, after Wednesday morning, showering alone was more than a little disappointing.
They sprang apart.
John slipped beneath the surface to clean the mud from his hair, and to think about the pretty noises Sherlock had made just for him.
“Get your skinny arse in the van Sherlock, I don’t want to get stuck in traffic” said Greg.
Sherlock thinks he looks emaciated, but it could just be a trick of the light, can’t imagine what anyone would find attractive here.
“We’re all going to the Student union tonight”, Mike continued, unperturbed “ and you, my friend, are coming too, whether you bloody well like it or not, so get your smelly little arse in that shower, now!”
John struggled through school the next day, his mind elsewhere, going over that ridiculous argument with his mother in his head, the one that had made Sherlock run away again. There had been no more word last night, and it would only be the catalyst for another big blow-up if Sherlock felt John was coddling him. You always had to tread so carefully with him. He would cling to John like a limpet sometimes, covering him like a human blanket on the bed, while at other times he was like a feral cat, spitting and snarling if you took one false step into his closely guarded territory.
“As from today, yes, he and his new lady wife [icked up the keys this morning, in fact, here they are now”
Mr Oxley smiled down at me, old eyes crinkled at the corners in genuine pleasure at our reunion, and I took but a moment to notice that he too was decked out more finely than such a work-a-day evening should warrant. “Up we go then lads” he said, unlocking the door with a small brass key, and motioning us through in front of him. He closed the door behind us and locked the door again. We climbed up the staircase, Mr Oxley, then I, with Tom bringing up the rear. It was a most strange procession, I felt.
“John is currently training to be a doctor, I doubt the sight of a corpse will alarm him” Sherlock sighed impatiently, waiting for permission to open the file.
“Nngh….Sherlock…fuck…”
“Ah god…that’s…fucking hell” he shuddered and shook with the intensity of heat and sheer throbbing pleasure as his foreskin dragged back with each forward movement into Sherlock’s tight, hot, clenching hole. Forehead pressed into Sherlock’s back, panting heavily, he wrapped his arms around his chest and jerked his hips up and back and up again, pushing a stuttering ‘nngh’ from Sherlock’s lungs with each thrust, feet scrabbling for purchase on the rumpled sheets.
Mycroft hadn’t answered, but he could tell by the set of his jaw that it was infinitely worse, but then his brother had dismissed him with a flick of the wrist to answer an urgent call from his office, and Sherlock still hadn’t any idea of the contents….
His head swirled and the room span, like an attack of vertigo, perched on the edge of a precipice looking down into the void, he heard an odd choking sound and vaguely registered that it issued from his own throat. He wanted to push that hand away, he wanted to suck those fingers into his mouth, he wanted to punch him, he wanted to push their mouths together until they couldn’t breathe.
“NO!”
“Yeah but, they can’t just leave you in pain….I’ll go get Mycroft if you like, he can ask them, I doubt anyone’s going to refuse him”.
to say the least."
He watched, that I knew, every motion of my arms, the right that swept with light even strokes, the left arm bent in an attitude, wrist curved outward and fingers curling to meet catgut strings pulled tight, suspended over ebony, awaiting the press of a fingertip against it. My neck was tilted to the left, the white skin exposed in the most submissive of gestures, as my chin pressed lightly to the rest and the bone of my clavicle ached with the pressure of the wood against it, but I bore the discomfort for it was pain with a purpose. And still I could not bear it to end, drawing out the last sweet strains of the music I had composed for him,
He gave a muffled yelp, quite difficult with a mouthful of cock as he felt his own cock disappear inside the warm, silky wetness of Sherlock’s eager mouth. He pulled off for a second with a wet pop, just feeling the suck and slide and watching those perfect lips stretched wide around him, wondering how the hell he had gotten so lucky and wondering if Sherlock had a slipped some Felix Felicis in his pumpkin juice when his back was turned.
I faltered in my frantic search, the room in which I had found myself, strangely and quiet and subdued. There were fewer here, huddled in small groups or lounging upon low chaises or mounds of plump cushions upon the floor. The air was sweet and heavy, oddly calming as I breathed it in and felt my racing heart begin to slow and the turmoil in my head to recede and fade. No hands sought to grope me here, barely a head turned my way as I sank to the floor and laid my head against the wall at my back. I could rest here, sleep a while, my body so heavy and tired.
“Oh, I have…loads…” John trailed off, looking thoughtful, then guarded , impossible for Sherlock to read anymore. John bumped shoulders in a completely matey, platonic way and leapt up.
“A moment Sherlock, if you would”
How the hell did his life end up like this? And even with the baby on the way, the future, to John, stretched out like a black, cavernous void.
“I’m sorry John…. I didn’t think…”
“Fuck you”
“Nah, not on me phone, in the book, off the record, you know? Listen mate (she turned back to Sherlock), Mark will be round here in about half an hour anyway, how much you looking at?”
…before”
Sherlock sighed. He would never get out of here with his pride intact at this rate. John was probably just being polite. What would a man like John want with him, other than to brag to his mates that he’d had him, took him home for the night and shagged his brains out. Better to cut this dead before he made a fool of himself, push it from his mind, or lock it in a special place to pour over again and again.
He could feel it now, a steady drip, drip from his nose, dark splashes staining the hardwood floor.
I thought I would choke on her name when I gave voice to my deepest fear.  “It is Miss Morstan,” I said.
“A row, with my parents, I can’t even remember what for anymore, it was just one of those fights where it doesn’t feel real….where it feels like the fight is having you…do you know what I mean?”
“Something like that” he said, almost draining it all on the first sip. He swallowed the mouthful with a grimace and waved the glass for a refill. Another large mouthful and he almost drained the second one too.
“John, have a care, we will be seen”, I protested weakly, with no real resistance in my voice or in my actions.
A smile which froze the minute they stepped over the threshold back into the castle.
John shook out his hand and blew on his bleeding knuckles as Mycroft and Mason looked on in horror, the entire thing over in seconds.
“He was er…we…he left earlier…it was just me…on my own” he stuttered in answer, unwillingly to voice his deepest fear, that it was over, they were done.
John cringed inwardly, knowing that this last plea for sanity had hit an all-time low. Sherlock, it seemed, agreed wholeheartedly.
“Just a little remainder that our time is up…sleeping draughts are notoriously difficult to judge, but if we head back now we shouldn’t attract any unwanted attention….that is, I hope not”
Fuck, Sherlock was gone already, had he said too much, taken it too far?
It had opened the floodgates, and now Sherlock’s insatiable sexual appetite was a major cause for concern.
“Just shut the fuck up smart ass, and listen up good, we have a message for your dumb little cock-sucking fag….stop sticking his fucking nose where it aint supposed to go. Been asking questions my boss hears, about stuff that don’t concern him, and he’d better back off if he wants that pretty little face to stay pretty”
“Okay…for starter’s I’m not ‘your friend’” John rubbed at his temples, aware of a faint throb from an excess of whiskey, slowly starting to make itself known. As first meetings went, this ranked as one of the strangest, discounting the obvious of course, because someone had already picked apart his life without even knowing him, and once was enough. “You read minds too, well done mate, or are you going to tell me it’s just a magic trick? If so, it’s not very original, someone’s tried that on me before”
“Yeah, but on his own…been following him for a least half an hour and the twink boyfriend aint here….Trent’s on the lookout though…he won’t get far…”
Mary hung up just as John threw his mobile at the wall, clenching his jaw in anger at the sheer, fucking audacity of the woman. Any chance she got to throw Sherlock in his face, she took, even though if it weren’t for him, John would have gladly turned her over to the police, or better still, Mycroft Holmes, months ago, pregnant or not.
For his part, he continued his licentious course slipping down lower over the smoothness of my abdomen until he could twine his fingertips in the coarse curls which garnished my burgeoning manhood.
Sherlock wrenched his locker open angrily, pulling on his shirt and trousers. He left the tie off and undid a couple of buttons too so that his lovely purple John-shaped mark was on full display just above his collarbone. Using last night’s t-shirt, he wet the material in one of the cracked ceramic sinks and dabbed carefully at the blood on his cheek. The cut was small and shallow, but surrounded by a bloom of pink and purple and it hurt if he pressed down too hard. He gave a hoarse chuckle at the irony, that he had escaped unscathed last night from a drug-dealer intent on force-feeding him cocaine and had his face smacked by some pathetic tosser at school a few hours later after letting his guard down for a split second.
John reached out and grasped Sherlock’s cold, pale hand where it lay, clutching at the edges of the battered old seat. He squeezed his fingers tightly and smiled. Sherlock squeezed back, eyes slightly glazed, lost for a moment in his own thoughts, but John didn’t mind that, he was just content to be here, where he thought he would never be again, beside Sherlock, pressed close, and nothing, not even this new insidious threat, would ever tear him away.
“Not exactly dear…Don’t run ahead of yourself, we’ll get to that”
Not for long though. Two pairs of hands made quick work of his jumper, jeans and pants, and he tossed them over the side to join Sherlock’s in a heap on the floor.
“Holy Shit” he clawed at the air, desperate for something to grab as Sherlock reached forward and let the weight of him rest in the palm of his hand, before curling it round to steady him for the next, exploratory touch.
and all that?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, for god’s sake Victor could be a pussy sometimes . Sneaking into clubs underage was half the fun, and besides, Victor had promised and Sherlock needed a shag tonight, someone to make him forget about school starting tomorrow and also to get horribly drunk or high in no particular order.
“Have a care”, said John, as I swayed into his side, “You are a pretty drunk, but the hour is still early and we have yet to dance”.
“Ah John, is that for me? Thanks!”
“No, and neither will Mycroft be when he finds out what you’ve done”
She nodded thoughtfully, then shook her head and laughed, “That sounds like my John….I remember when he was younger, when dad was still alive…he was so small compared to the other boys his age, and there was this one kid, Mark Lowther I think his name was, he used to call him na
Sherlock wanted to shove him in the balls again and not in a nice way this time.
“On the contrary” she said, glancing over my shoulder, “Your reputation is growing in town. It is only a matter of time my love before you are seen for what you are…take care”.
“….Maybe…..just checking….you’ll be pleased to know everything looks to be in full working order”
“Quite” the parson said, losing his stiff and formal countenance as his lips turned up into a smile. “Who gives this…man…to be joined in wedlock?” he asked the question to the room at large and I blushed as his eyes swept the assembled guests.
John picked the bottle of shampoo up from the bottom of the bathtub where he had dropped it earlier. The lid had cracked and a viscous yellow substance which smelled strongly of lemons was leaking copiously.
“Really? Fucking hell Sherlock, should I be scared?”
‘For what? For wishing to follow your own path in life in your chosen profession as well as your heart? I never met a man with such courage…and I follow you willingly, wherever that may take us…but tell me honestly John, what is it that you truly want now?’
“Just hang about here”, said John, and pointed to what could only be termed a ‘shelf’ that ran along the wall by the door, bar stools placed under it. He pulled one out and sat down, perching awkwardly on one with a wobbly leg and waited as John caught the attention of a girl with short hair, shaved off at the side, with multiple earrings and a tattoo of a bird on the back of her shoulder. It could only be Harry, Sherlock thought, as the family resemblance struck him yet again, short, with pretty, soft features, conventional, symmetrical, but with a self-assured aura that her mother and brother seemed to lack. She smiled at John, and peered over his shoulder, craning her neck and scowling at the sight of him, sitting, waiting there.
The reason, at least initially, had been what was undeniably a rather vocal and apparently, extremely energetic example of sexual gymnastics from Sherlock and John, before he had thankfully discovered the whereabouts of a forgotten pair of airline earplugs from his latest flight. Unfortunately, at some point during the night, he had become unplugged, so to speak, resulting in a prolonged and unpleasant aural assault in the early hours of this morning. Greg, of course had found the entire episode hilarious, laughing in disbelief that they were ‘going at it again’ and marvelling at the stamina and impressively brief refractory period of the average teenage boy. This was not something Mycroft wished to dwell on considering one of the teenage boys in question happened to be his own little brother.
“Seb was talking bull Sherlock, and no, there has never been any ‘boyfriend’ before…”
Keen, intelligent eyes met my own and he sighed, but gave no further indication of being perturbed by our display. He knew we were not cousins, there was no familial connection at all, which made his reaction all the more remarkable, and him being a Constable made it more so. Lestrade was an enigma indeed.
Was he serious? John snorted into his pint glass. ‘Porn? Yeah right. I can just see it now.  An army veteran with a limp and a badly healed gunshot wound, they’d laugh me right out the door in a heartbeat. And that’s before I could even get my kit off.’
“Fucking hell, that’s priceless, I wish I’d seen it, he was fully dressed when he left by the way – in last night’s clothes doing the walk of shame. Look John, does this mean you’re gay then? How long have you known you liked blokes?, I mean, it makes no difference to me mate, you’re still the same John Watson to me, if that’s what you’re worried about”.
“I’ll fucking kill him if he did” he added with venom.
“Sherlock Holmes?”
“Now me” John said “Because you’re going to see this anyway, and it might as well be now, so we can clear the air”
“But I am none of those things…what did she hope to gain from me?”
He looked down into his glass so no-one could see his eyes.
Perhaps….but Sherlock doesn’t really care.
“Fuck off Harry, I just got out a shitty fucking relationship…and I’m only fucking thirty- two”.
“Yeah well, she was being a bitch so I’m not sorry Sherlock”. John’s voice, the real John, solid and here spoke softly in his ear and brought him back to himself. “Look, why don’t we just go home?” John sagged a little and stifled a yawn.
“Yes, let us drink to health and happiness, and the mysteries of the heart of man”. Glasses were raised and at the first touch of wine to my tongue I remembered another place, another night and how it all could have gone so badly had a certain gentleman not come to my aid (Let that be a timely reminder of the fleeting nature of our life and love) And so I sipped lightly, mindful of my propensity to indulge to excess, and still it set my head spinning. There would be more, I was sure, but when we were alone, away from the watchful gaze of our gathered friends.
He walked to the front on feet which echoed much too loudly, even here he was spoiling the solitude with his clumsy, overbearing Sherlockness. So what did you do now that the candle was lit, and set in its place amongst a plethora of identical flickering flames? Sit, and think, he supposed, count your blessings his grandmother would say. He wavered uncertainly, every breath seeming to falter in is chest which felt, tight and heavy, like each inhale and exhale took concentrated effort.
you, some sort of superhuman?”
He pressed harder with the metal pipe at the nape of his neck, hoping desperately that in the adrenaline rush it felt enough like the barrel of a gun to fool this meat- head for long enough.
“Of course not…nobody’s going to molest you…not unless you want them to of course…then all bets are off, so to speak” he grinned evilly.
Sherlock regarded his dishevelled form with a rather strange gleam in his eye.
He broke away, and rubbed teasing circles on John’s inner thighs, waiting for permission to continue, for John’s chest to stop heaving in ragged gasps.
He was balls deep now and John brought his legs up to wrap around him, arching to meet each thrust head thrown back against the pillows moaning incoherently, body slick with sweat, cock glistening with leaking fluid dark and flush against his body. Sherlock leaned forward slightly, sliding an arm around John’s back, their chests touching, John’s cock trapped between their bodies. He sucked deeply at John’s neck, feeling the heated blood rise to the surface, vessels popping and bursting under his greedy lips, hips thrusting faster and harder, shoving John further up the bed.
“Well, everyone said it was the weed behind the Chem lab, but I think it was the threesome with the Head Boy and that French exchange student, Patrice or something wasn’t it Sherlock?”
‘Well why not? Mike shrugged, slipping out of his seat and standing up, taking the glass from him. ‘We watched a metric ton of that shit back in the day, and I think I recall the Watson appendage was the stuff of legend down the Union bar. And you’ve still got it,’ Mike added, 'Those ladies at the bar seem to think so, should we ask them over do you think?'
“Is it worth it then?”
“Oh yes….I’ll even wear the antlers….”
“How fortunate is it then, that we have the rest of our lives.”
“Hey! Sherlock!”
“Nope…and I don’t think she’s the only one…our Frank’s been sticking his hand in the honey pot, or his dick, actually” Sherlock flashed a mega-watt smile.
“Listen lovely”, she said with a final peck on John’s cheek, I’m just popping out for a cheeky fag, unless either of you care to join me?” She looked pointedly at Sherlock for a second before turning away, and headed off outside leaving a lingering smell of apples in her wake.
“You’re fucking rude do you know that?” John bristled beside him. This was nothing, Sherlock had been called far, far worse in his time.
“I don’t care, you’re just jealous because I’ve actually got a friend, and he likes me and doesn’t call me weird and a freak, so stop trying to spoil things Mycroft because it’s just not fair”
“A competition… may the best sword win…so to speak”
Sherlock huffed in protest, but said no more, it was simply better not to argue when Mama was in one of her particular moods. All the better for John though, cast in the role of unwitting hero rather than a partner in crime. He glanced at the boy who looked awkwardly around, not quite knowing whether to make his excuses and leave. But that was unthinkable, this morning had been so much fun, the thrill of the chase, blood pumping through their veins, it had felt like just the two of them against the world.
He wanted to, but he didn’t, a sick masochistic need. The whole situation just too fucking weird, the wife the kids, it was a bad, bad idea….
“Spare room probably” John answered, taking the cup from Sherlock, he refilled it and handed it back, “just till I tell her, I don’t want to give her a fucking heart attack”
“Here, try the red one this time” John appeared at his elbow again, cheeks flushed from the heat , “s’cherry I think” he took the second empty bottle from his hand (when did he drink all that?) and pressed another in its place.
John looked crestfallen, shit, maybe he shouldn’t have said that out loud, even though it was a perfectly honest expression of how he felt. Apparently, his tongue was even more of a liability when he was drunk. Well, at least his ‘not good’ moments were now few and far between, and John wouldn’t have to put up with his appalling bad manners for very long.
“Just this morning I’ve been informed”
I smiled as best I could and held my tongue, for her good opinion could be lost if she knew of the truth, of where I had come from.
Our new abode was a town house of significant size on a quiet square, divided into several private dwellings, rented by the room. We ourselves were to take two rooms on the second floor, which for proprieties sake had an adjoining door between them and a closet to share. The price was set at half a guinea a week which John made all assurance that his allowance would amply cover, and laundry was to be extra as was the service of our new landlady’s own personal maid to attend to our needs and wait on us, if we should wish it so.
‘And I likewise, but the moment I saw your face I knew that no other would do for me, and now, seeing you here, touching you, kissing you, I know all I need to know, so one final time I ask of you Sherlock, will you come away with me and be mine and mine alone?.’
The chatter in the room subsided, reduced to a low hum as the next act took the stage, a tall thin figure illuminated in the glow of the spotlight.
“And hello to you too Sherlock, by god, it’s good to see you” (he hated the little spark that ignited in his chest at those words, on hearing that voice again) Sherlock rolled his eyes
“Rough night?” said a blond kid, pushing a glass up under the optic twice before sliding the tumbler of amber liquid to him across the bar.
Sherlock groaned inwardly, could he possibly sound even more of an idiot? Nice? What sort of pathetic thing to say was that? John however, didn’t seem to mind at all, in fact he was beaming, humming to himself as he ruffled his fingers through his short blond hair.
I blushed prettily in my confusion, casting nervous glances at the two pious-looking gentlemen seated across from us, in ignorance of the more ‘animal’ aspects of human nature.
“Five….Six…”
Why the hell did he feel like he was standing in the path of an oncoming train then?
“Nope…warm though…sister”.
“No, I expect not. So, if we were to….keep doing this…whatever we are doing…you would be okay with it…everything I mean…?” Sherlock trailed off.
He climbed over the side and rubbed himself dry with a soft, white towel as big as a bedsheet, thankful that he didn’t leave any telltale smears of dirt to show him up as the urchin he was. There was nothing else for it, but to wrap the fluffy folds around himself like a makeshift dress as he padded down the corridor to Sherlock’s door.
Might as well start the preparations now or in an hour’s time they would be yelling at each other to get out the damn bathroom. Sherlock had his own ensuite, the lucky sod.
“I can’t do that Sherlock…I just can’t”
“Bollocks, the fact that he’s openly gay makes you uncomfortable…what…do you worry he has his hand in my pants every time we’re left alone?”
The corridor outside was empty, roped off at one end to prevent anyone else wandering down and obstructing the emergency services, but that hadn’t stopped a small crowd from gathering, peering curiously and muttering to each other as they hovered by the barrier.
“Take heed of your pimp boy,” Weston snapped, “Now get out of my house or I’ll set the dogs on the pair of you!”
“Excellent point”
So, grasping those bony hips to hold him steady, John slammed in hard, skin slapping together with a smack, cock at just the right angle to make Sherlock scream (which he did).
WHACK!
Sherlock: “Fifteen”
Not today.
John stared at him quizzically, not sure what he was trying to say…was he supposed to look or something? Oh fuck. Irene’s words came back to him in a rush (‘that’s the fifth time in the last five minutes….somebody loves you). It had sounded like a joke, a sarky comment of the type he was sure Irene made all the time, to tease, but what if she had got it right, what if there was someone else?...
“Yes you were, or you might have done if we hadn’t been so
“How come?” John asked, purely for conversations sake, he wasn’t actually interested in the answer.
“Yes, that’ll be after I’ve been condemned to eternal hellfire for my unnatural urges the homophobic old bastard….I really don’t care”, he flopped down heavily on his bed, until Victor began throwing random items of clothing at his head.
Sherlock slid off the back of the bike, still holding on to John’s waist with one hand as if he didn’t quite trust his legs to hold his weight yet. He was quite right as it happened. John felt him stagger a little while loosening his grip just long enough to reach up and tug his own helmet free. And oh, wasn’t that so bloody annoying? John watched in consternation as Sherlock’s hair bounced back into impossibly perfect waves that framed his pale face like a bloody work of art, or something. Stop staring for god’s sake. John cleared his throat to break the moment of awkward tension as almond eyes narrowed in confusion.
He should have been there. He had let John down.
And so the parson began. “Dear friends we are gathered here today to witness the joining of hands, of John Hamish Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes…..”
“Not without the approval of at least three fucking doctors I can’t….substance abuser….drug addict…do you think they’re going to let me loose on the good stuff in here?”
Molly-house : This could be an 18th century tavern, private room, or even a private house (Mother Clap's is a famous example) where gay and cross-dressing men came to socialize and have sex. Mock-marriages were also a common feature of these establishments.
She is drunk already, a fondness for alcohol one of her less appealing traits.
“No lad…not buggery…something else…you need a tight space is all…just rub yourself along my arse crack”
He didn’t know what to do now. It was freezing with the window open, but he didn’t dare close it either because what if they’d come in the room that way? It was possible, they were on the ground floor and he hadn’t passed a sole in the corridor outside. It was a crime scene, not just an accident and god knows what evidence he’d be destroying if he touched the wrong thing. So he left it for now, concentrating on Sherlock instead but scared to touch him too much, for much the same stupid fucking reason.
“How did you do it, if you think it’s so easy…did you just blurt it out one day?”.
Mama had said not to wander too far and to meet back at Selfridges no later than One. He expected she would want to take tea at some restaurant before they left, and had probably arranged to meet with some other old biddies to gossip about the other families of note who were currently in town.
“I’m going to ram you so fucking hard for that Sherlock…”
“Oh....do you come as a pair? How sweet!...And all the young ladies in the room will be hoping to engage you for a dance, no doubt…I must set my card down early in that case, if you attend”.
“ John Watson must be very special indeed”.
“Ah, I see you misunderstand me, under ‘normal’ circumstances it would indeed appear to be a trifling amount, but as I am sure you are aware the word ‘normal’ can hardly be applied when it comes to Sherlock and his….activities” (again that fucking irritating pause for effect – John seethed inwardly)
He had his long grey coat on now, on top of the hoody and jeans, which meant that at some point he had gone home and then left again. The bruises looked even worse under the harsh fluorescent lights as John opened the back door and ushered him into the kitchen.
I went willingly, like a lamb to the slaughter you might say if you wish to be unkind. But truly, I was grateful for Tom’s help and companionship and had no cause as yet to construe his attentions with anything other than brotherly affection.
Sherlock gulped, aware that this could be considered a bit not good by ordinary standards.
“No”, said Sherlock glumly. His brother had sworn he’d be kept in the loop, informed as soon as the forensics came through from the hotel room, but naturally he was concerned that Sherlock’s rampant curiosity would lead him into trouble again and so there’d been radio silence for days. Greg didn’t want him involved at all, knowing the drug scene and low-life that inhabited it almost as well as Sherlock, he’d been leaning on Mycroft to keep him away, for John’s safety he’d insisted as well as his own. It was all annoyingly reasonable. But what they wouldn’t tell, he could hack and what he couldn’t hack he could find out anyway. Maybe he should try this week, in a place where Mycroft’s influence had yet to penetrate. John had a laptop, there was a family pc, it could be a possibility.
“Gay?”
He tried to think of something suitably scathing to say but all that came out was “Erm yeah…It’s really nice (Nice? For fuck’s sake)
“Will you not stay a while,” I asked. Tom shifted his gaze, no longer quite able to meet my eye. His fingers clutched tight to the brim of his hat. “I dearly wish it lad, but I’ll be missed at the house you see.”
They were going to Oxford Street he was sure. His skin prickled with excitement at the thought of such a gathering of human life. Oh, there would be trees and decorations and baubles galore, but the people…Sherlock loved to watch, and guess at their lives from the way they tipped their hat or in which pocket they stowed their gloves. He would know the profession from the cut of a suit or which hunt you rode for by a smear of mud on a riding boot.
“And?” Sherlock prompted, putting his coffee cup down beside the bed and pulling John onto his lap. He bent his head down… lips almost touching.
Him and Harry always shared a tin tub by the fire, every Sunday night, and had done since they were babes, except now, instead of getting in together, she went first and he got the tepid, scummy dregs.
And John thought it was amazing.
“Yeah well, just keep the little fuck-wit far away from me….or I might just tell everyone that story about the love-bite….”
“Fifty feet maybe, give or take.” John heard Sherlock huff through tightly clenched teeth. His voice strained from the effort it took to set his jaw and stop his teeth from clacking. “You’ll see a break to the right in the treeline – there’s a clearing. Turn in there.” The words came out in a series of breathless gasps muffled where his face pressed into the shoulder of John’s jacket, and a shiver ran through his body at the contrast of heat on cold damp skin.
“Here, this might help with the shock” he pulled the bottle of whiskey from his inside pocket, and was surprised to see that almost a quarter had already gone. But something was bothering him more than that.
He gave a rough bark of laughter that was equal parts surprise and delight to which Sherlock turned to peer at him, a slight frown marring his face.
The house itself was much too quiet. Which I allowed must be in deference to the invalid.
“And I’m sure that he thinks that child…he may even mean it…for now”, his voice was soft and kind, full of regret and a sadness I could not comprehend. And where was Irene now? To bring her she must be a favourite of some sort, kept perhaps, under his care and protection as I was with John.
“One dance? I’m sure your
Sherlock looked supremely unconcerned, and hit it straight on the head, like a fucking sexual psychic or something. “Your most recent relationship was a woman, so naturally I believe you’d rather top this time…fine, go ahead, I don’t mind….” , he lay back against the pillows again and sighed, arching his back and wriggling until he got comfortable.
“Just be careful Sherlock”, Victor frowned, laying a hand on his arm in a surprisingly protective gesture. He was used to Sherlock copping off last minute, but some of his choices could be questionable to put it mildly, and he scanned the room to see just why Sherlock was in such a hurry to leave. “Safe, sane and consensual, right?” he said, wondering how the hell Sherlock could be so blasé, “He gets freaky or tries to get rough or anything, get the hell out of there and call me okay?”.
“Grandmama”, John smiled, at an exquisitely turned-out old woman, her silvery hair still lush and thick, piled in coils at the crown and wearing a beautiful jade green gown. The resemblance was striking, that same deep-blue steadfast gaze, and open, honest countenance which endeared him to all that he met. He took her hands in a delicate hold and gently bent down to kiss her cheek.
“ I fear you know nothing of my tastes madam, nor would ever have the means to tempt them”.
“That bad huh? You know, my Dad used to hit me sometimes, when he was tired, or pissed or just plain couldn’t stand the sight of me or my little brother”
“I’m sorry Sherlock, I think this was a mistake”, John hopped down off the bed, shirt still half-on, and rooted around on the dusty floor for his missing pants and jeans.
It was tortuous, John almost felt ill, like there was a hole in his chest or something. He was on edge but tired at the same time and the three pints he had consumed last night at the Railway Arms with Mike had turned his gut into a boiling vat of acid instead of making him pleasantly drunk as planned. He didn’t think it was even worth trying to text and risk sounding like a sad wanker because Mycroft probably had Sherlock’s phone, so he had currently reached the ‘suffer in silence’ stage, burying himself under a mountain of advance reading for lectures to pass the time.
Ha, apparently not.
(Ha! Talking? Thought Sherlock – you could probably tell me exactly what we ate for dinner, you had your tongue so far down his throat five minutes ago)
“Here mate” Bobby tapped him on the shoulder sporting a wicked grin “We don’t have to watch you get off with Sherlock do we? The audio was enough without the visuals as well!”
