He’s so caught up in his own head that he forgets to watch where his feet are going, and they catch on the overhanging material that hangs over his toes whenever he wears Steve’s sweatpants, and then he’s off, falling face first, destination: corner of the fucking tabletop.
Tony paused for a second, before shrugging. “Yeah, me too. From the moment you smiled at me- probably before that, actually; I knew you my whole life, after all.” He laughed- the special self deprecating one that was a bit too sad to be real. “Picked a hell of a time to confess, didn’t we? Now that there’s no chance of anything ever happening. We’re toast. The most toasted toast to have ever been toasted. We’re more burnt, than toasted, really-”
“I’m sure I used to be the one telling you that,” Tony raised an eyebrow at him as he took the device, and for a second, he was almost smiling. But then he turned his back and focused on the window, observing it analytically, and Steve could do nothing except try to quell the heat on his cheeks. The man traced a finger over the pane, pressing his face close. Steve figured he was checking for something—what exactly, he wasn’t too sure. Maybe a trip system. “This might take a few minutes,” Tony murmured to himself as he looked down at the laser cutter, “glass isn’t bulletproof, but it is reinforced. I’ll have to go around the edges.”
Unable to go back now, Tony merely pushed on. “It’s in the early stages, obviously,” he said quickly, waving a hand as he leaned over his desk and neatened up his piles of notes, “I’m gonna need to arrange a few interviews, source material, do some plugging and the like, but I think it’s gonna work. I think I could make this at least a somewhat well-known resource, and, I just thought… you know, I have the privilege that comes with being who I am, so I might as well do something with it?” Tony spared a glance at Steve, but got nothing. His spirits were starting to sink a little. “Is this… too much?” He asked tentatively, “Am I overstepping? I don’t want—I just thought I could—”
“Great, thank you!” Steve said cheerfully, waving as he bounced down the corridor. The smile was still sticking to his face- months and months of practice keeping it fixed there through sheer muscle memory alone. Always smiling, that was Steve. Always happy, positive. All his friends knew that.
Steve dropped his bag at the door, walking in and searching out the couch. “Suspended,” he muttered, “I’ll give you three guesses as to why.”
with it,” he said softly, trailing his fingers around the edge of Steve’s collar. He felt Steve’s hand curl automatically around his waist. “Horror movies are just… y’know. Fun.”
From the floor, Clint shot him the bird. “We love you, man,” he said bluntly, “and I dunno what that sleep deprived asshole inside your head has been telling you these past few days, but he’s wrong. You aren’t gonna get rid of us that easy.”
It would just be nice, that was all.
“No you won’t, cuz you’re stayin’ right here.”
That couldn’t be right, there had to be more. It had been an active HYDRA site when Steve had headed in. Where the Goddamn hell had the rest of them gone? “Do their vitals match up to Steve’s?”
He wasn’t aware of how much time had passed between them getting ambushed, getting to the cabin and then getting around to actually searing his wound shut, but it didn’t feel like long at all. He wasn’t sure whether he could even handle two hard hits like this in quick concession. His heart was already on the weaker side, after all. And everything was blurring at the edges, like there was static in his vision.
beautiful-“
“Yeah, because you were—” Steve flailed a little, trying to find the words as his cheeks went steadily pinker, “I’d always thought you’d be more wary around kids, just as clueless as the rest of us, you know? But you’re not. You’re brilliant with him. You just know what to do, and you hold him like it’s so natural and I just… love it. Watching you with him makes me really happy.”
Steve begged, his own face crumbling as he curled his hands around Tony’s and tried to pull them away from Tony’s face. He was going to hurt himself. “Tony, please. It
So this was mostly a dialogue-based explanation chapter. Grittier stuff will probably come next. Also, just so you know-
And Thanos had just made that universe very, very angry.
Tony was too worried to be annoyed, at that point- but Clint was going for it. It was really not a good morning for either of them to be speaking to one another, it seemed. “Ohh, shit, you must be real annoyed today- snapping at loverboy for trying to help? That’s a first. Usually all you do is laugh at all the shit he says and pine after him like a sick fucking puppy- old Pegs would be
That… didn’t make sense. “You’re—You’re takin’ me with you?”
Steve is looking at him, and his face is so sad, Tony’s drunken thought-process immediately goes into help-mode, because it reminds him all too well of the other times Steve has looked like that. “Hey. ‘M sorry. Don’… I’m good. Don’t be sad.”
you, Jesus Christ.”
no,” Tony blurted, and then he wrapped his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss before he could say another word.
One day, Steve hoped. One day.
“SAM!” She burst into the corridor like a very small hurricane, smile splitting her face as she spotted them both, “Sam, sweetie, I’m going to need to borrow your friend for just a quick sec-“
“Deal.”
so that he doesn’t end up being excluded again, so Thor, if you wouldn’t mind.” He gestured to Steve and then raised an eyebrow expectantly.
Of course Steve wouldn’t like it. The more Tony thought about it, the more he could see it. The costumes, the movies, the candy- it was all just a sham. They wore the fake teeth and made themselves look pale and then in the morning, they took it off and went back to hating the real vampires just as much as they had before. The party-goers all dressed up like slutty versions of real people, who they would then refuse to let into the very same bars where the Baseliners were partying in. Jesus, Tony hadn’t even considered it, but he remembered that there were little kids who  got dressed up to be Hunters and one little kid who pretended to be some sort of Unhuman, presumably to act as the hunted. Tony had given them Halloween candy last year and thought nothing of it.
bad for the look of abject horror that crossed Tony’s face as he stared at Steve. “
Steve raised his eyebrows. The twenty unopened texts from Bucky probably read something along those lines, then. “Can’t say I did, but I’m not surprised. They’ve been gazing at one another since the day they were introduced.”
Steve’s legs were locked in place as he stared at the spot Tony had been only moments ago. His head felt stuffed full of cotton, and all of his thoughts just didn’t seem to be melding right. The picture of Tony in his head was distorted—Iron Man, supervillain and terrorist, mixed with Tony, the man Steve still loved and the one who was seemingly adamant about getting his weapons off the market.
But Tony shrugged breezily, the excuse already on his tongue. “Just because I don’t like kids doesn’t mean I’m an asshole to them. I wanted to make sure he was happy during his short stay at the Avengers Tower. I’m a good host like that.”
And it wasn’t just Steve. Every time Tony saw the two of them together, something in him just felt
Steve watched him as he spoke, trying to understand what angle Tony was coming from. His body language was nervous, closed-off. But it wasn’t threatening. There was no violence in him, which was not something Steve had expected.  They sat there for a few moments in awkward silence, as Steve tried to say something coherent and Tony waited for it, fingers tracing the edge of his tablet repetitively as he did so.
He was stood by one side of a whiteboard, having what looked to be a pretty heated debate with some other boy on the other end. His marker was flying through the air as he gesticulated wildly, and Steve watched the other gangly boy answer quickly, his own pen scribbling another incomprehensible string of numbers and equation symbols over the already-covered board.
Tony flipped him off and chose to ignore him as he rounded the cupboards and then started opening them all, searching for the correct equipment. It took him a good ten minutes longer than it would for most to create a very simple drink, but he got there in the end, and he handed it to Steve with such a look of pride on his face that Steve didn’t even have the heart in him to tell him that it tasted awful. “Thanks,” he said fondly, wrapping his fingers around the mug and feeling the warmth prickle across his palms.
Meanwhile, Tony had locked himself in his lab and gotten piss-drunk. Because that was the sort of hero
the Protective Mother Bear kicking into action, "just not when you're doing coupley stuff."
He had no idea what he was supposed to do. No idea where the hell he was even going to start.  This was Tony’s whole fragile life, crumbling to pieces in front of him. Where was Tony going to live? How was he going to get by? He didn’t know how much time Tony had had between fighting with Howard and actually leaving the house, so he didn’t know how much stuff Tony had managed to take with him. A suitcase, maybe? Or not even that?
“None of this… none of it was your fault,” he whispered, forcing down the heat behind his eyes. “Tony, you were… I abused you for weeks.  I hurt you-“
Tony huffed as Steve yanked him backward, until his back hit the bed directly underneath it. He looked up at Steve bashfully. “Uh- okay, so I know this seems really creepy now I’m thinking about it, but I swear, my intentions were innocent here.”
“I’ve wanted to kiss you for months-“
When they rounded his bike, he noticed in surprise that there were two bike helmets locked in place, as opposed to one. He raised an eyebrow at Tony, who just rolled his eyes and threw it his way. “Tired of you giving me dirty looks every time I rode without the helmet,” he said, dropping the cigarette in order to fit the helmet over his head.
This time, he didn’t even get a reply.
Steve saw red.
“He’s a better person than you fucking are,” Rhodey growled, taking Tony’s arm and tugging them away, “come on, man, just leave it. This isn’t your problem.”
All he wanted was for things to go back to the way they’d been before, but his body wasn’t seeming to get the fucking memo. He kept…
holy shit, I am the best-”
“How fucking dare you,” he said, voice quiet, “you think I’m what, just there to love him and leave him? You think I want his money? Fame? You’re coming into my house, accusing me of shit when you don’t even
Peter slid across the floor of the bathtub and used the edge of the tub to haul himself up and then clutch a hand into Tony’s shirt, demanding some more attention. Tony rolled his eyes and sat him back down, grabbing a cupful of water and then pouring it over his head, making sure to cover his eyes. “So come on,” he muttered, head shifting back to Steve curiously, “tell me why this 2-foot baby scares you, Captain America.”
Rather than look even remotely relieved, it seemed Tony only grew more miserable. “Okay,” he said quietly, eyes firmly on the floor and jaw in an impossibly tight clench. “I understand. I… thank you for just trying this long, Steve. I didn’t deserve that. I’m just- I’m sorry for putting you through th-“
Really, he figured he’d probably had it coming.
“JARVIS,” he gasped, already turning around and lurching out of his walk-in wardrobe and over to their bed, unable to hold off any longer, “pulse, now, give it to me.”
, Peg-“
“Since when?”
Steve just looked at him with his big blue eyes, an indiscernible emotion there. Tony watched his fingers flex by his side, like he was resisting the urge to raise them. He settled for a smile instead. “Don’t overstretch yourself,” he said, “just… let your brain work itself out on its own, kay? Give yourself a well-earned break.”
There. No one could possibly miss that.
“Because then I’ll have to fuck you again, and I want to go to sleep,” Steve explained, and Tony watched him with a smile on his face that he couldn’t for the life of him turn off. He felt happier than he ever had before in his life. This was insane. Steve
Tony just kept staring. He couldn’t fucking help it- he had no idea how to process what he’d just realized.
Underneath him, Tony grinned. “Counting on it.”
‘Can I come in’ he mouthed, gesturing to the door and then raising his eyebrows in question. Steve spluttered, flailing his hands toward the teacher, who was busy… fiddling with a Rubix cube on her desk, right-
He tried not to glare at his best friend. Refused to let him know he may just have hit on (small, very small, barely even visible, really) nerve there. Just nodded and then looked away, grabbing the ice cream before he could say anything more.
Steve looked at the both of them, mind working as best it could at 7am on a Sunday morning. “Thor called you The Cavalry,” he blurted in the end, which… wasn’t really what he’d wanted to say, but that was early-morning thought processing for you, “I kinda get that now.”
A part of Steve shattered and fell to the ground, broken beyond repair.
“Great, wow, thanks for the confidence boost there Jay—”
, you know? As long as that stays the same, it’s gonna be amazin’ anyway.”
Tony’s hands slipped on the coffee machine, and he hissed as the hot metal brushed his skin. “Well,” he began through a stutter, “well, that’s… that’s why we should probably keep him in other rooms more regularly, isn’t it?”
He watched Cap raise his finger to his comm. “Hawkeye, Widow, you seeing anything?”
His hands found the side of the roof, and he pushed himself up next to Tony, rolling onto the tiles clumsily with a choked off little yelp. His heart was beating fast in his chest, and when he looked up, he saw Tony giggling helplessly over him, his hands still on Steve’s shoulders.
Thanos arrived, and he already had all the stones with him, save for the one in Vision’s head. They came at him, fearless, knowing that it wouldn’t work. Steve looked behind him, saw Wanda gearing up to land the final blow on Vision, and his heart curdled with agony. No one ever seemed to get their happy ending. No one got to just love without complication, and it wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fucking fair. Steve had done everything to try and let Wanda escape that fate, knowing what his own reaction would have been if killing Tony was the only way to destroy the stone. He wasn’t sure whether he would have done it. The national Hero, a man chemically engineered into a soldier, and he still didn’t think he’d be able to make that play.
He loved coming home. That was his favourite part of missions.
“This…” he began, blinking once and then looking back up, “this is Tony Stark.”
“You should,” Tony nodded, cigarette going back to his mouth. Steve took a step forward, but was stopped by a hand around his arm once again- soft and non threatening, but certainly there all the same.
, Thor had been fucking
Truly fucking awful. The new Advertising Manager turned out to be a complete fucking asshole, and the whole reshoot involved her trying to push him into acting sleazy on camera the whole time. The VR headset was something Tony wanted to put into the world because of the imagination it inspired, the people it allowed to help- and she tried to make him promote it like it was some sort of techno sex toy, which was totally not the angle Tony had wanted to use. He’d refused to say any of the jokes she’d given him, and when she’d handed him a martini for him to use as a prop and then told him to drink it in order to loosen up, Tony had had to just walk out. His issues with alcoholism were public knowledge, and most people at Stark Industries were very much aware that he’d been sober for nearly a year now- he didn’t usually have a problem being told to have a drink these days, but it just… hadn’t been the right time, and Tony couldn’t deal with it.
Steve huffed again as Tony swept past him, stopping to press a kiss into his cheek before running off with another laugh. Steve couldn’t even find it in himself to remain sulky- too giddy from the thrill of everything. Of having Tony kiss him and put his hands in his hair and run his teeth along his throat- of having Tony there, right in front of him, for no one
“I’m coming straight back here,” Steve promised Tony, kissing him lightly on his forehead, “Thor, you can give me a lift back, right?”
“Sorry I missed bath time,” he whispered, curling up into Steve’s chest.
“You think they’re gonna be okay?” He asked Steve, “I mean… Peter’s pretty fussy. He might not get any sleep at all tonight, and then his whole routine will get messed up—”
He stepped forward, resisting the urge to outwardly cuss as he leaned up and wrapped his arms gently around Tony’s shoulders. This was not about him right now. His guilt could come later. “I love you,” he said into Tony’s neck, feeling the other boy slip his hands around Steve’s waist and sink into the embrace. “I love you, and this is gonna be okay. I promise it is. We’ll work something out. You and me, yeah?” He pressed a gentle kiss to Tony’s jaw. “I’ve got you.”
“You programmed dark humor into my database approximately five months and seventeen days ago-“
Tony rolled his eyes and then turned back to his desk. “I’ll sleep when I’m dead,” he responded as Steve’s footsteps began to back up through the workshop, and he heard Steve’s huff of laughter start up behind him, making something warm light up under his sternum. He loved making Steve laugh.
It didn’t, so he frowned and sat himself up from the couch, gently placing his sketch onto the arm-rest. It was a picture of Tony, of course. Drawn as if in front of him, as if they’d never left this spot. His shirt was still riding up in the sketch, the same way it always did. His hair was still messy and there was still grease where it shouldn’t be.
“…Ice cream,” Tony said slowly, “with…me.”
and tucking his phone back into the pocket of Tony’s jacket.
Ty smiled and then cocked his head back in Steve’s direction. “What’s your name?” He asked politely, but Steve couldn’t help feeling his hackles rise all the same.
He felt the weight distribution shift on the bed as she leaned forward and rested her head on the heels of her palms. “Bucky’s known you since you two were babies,” she started, voice soft, “longer than I have. Longer than anyone has. Let’s be honest here, you’re pretty much brothers at this point. And he treated your mom as his own, too. You know what his own parents are like; barely ever there, and when they are they don’t give a shit about him. So your mom, you know- she was pretty much family to him. Me- well, I had my parents there all the time, and then there was all that faff about me moving back to England, and- I don’t know, I guess I just never got the chance to become as close to her as Bucky did. I loved her to bits, obviously- but it was in a different way.”
Bucky had his arms folded in front of him, and he looked stubborn. They’d had their fair share of arguments over the years- Steve knew that stance. He wasn’t ready to back down yet, it seemed.
The message was right there, however. It was just one file; a video clip, about ten seconds long. Underneath it were five words:
Tony wanted to roll his eyes, but he didn’t trust himself not to puke. “Fucking relax,” he snapped, “I’m fine. Didn’t work anyway, so I’m gonna have to get back to work. Gotta make everyone a new… thing.”
In his sleepy haze, Tony instinctively rose up and pressed his face against Steve’s palm, a half-smile forming across his mouth as he hummed happily. Steve’s stomach twisted- and it was almost funny, the fact that Tony could still give him butterflies, all these years in.
“Well, that’s your fault.”
The phone was pulled out of his hands by Bucky with a short sigh, and then Steve just watched, numb as his friend took over where he couldn’t.
He sighed and looked away, searching for Clint or maybe Natasha. They waited around for him sometimes. But the parking lot seemed woefully empty, save for Tony and his group of friends. He could see one or two of them staring at him, but he didn’t look up; just hitched his bag up a little higher and began the walk to school. No doubt Tony would follow a few hours later. Or maybe he wasn’t going to come in at all- just meet his friends, grab some more of whatever they were taking and then wander off into New York on his own again-
Steve felt the warmth explode in his heart at the words, and he knew Tony had said them before, but still. They’d never been spoken with such seriousness, such genuine intent before. It was so… it was so much, to imagine that not only was Steve loved, but Steve was loved by Tony. The boy that the rest of the world had given up on, who was known for never staying around-
Tony looked at her, but her eyes didn’t waver. It was him who broke the contact, instead turning to Bucky as he cleared his throat. “I’d, uh- probably be dead,” he admitted quietly, earnestly, “you were the one who tracked me down, remember? Told Steve where to go find me. Then you spent… you spent so much time working on a way to fix up my head, reverse what HYDRA had done. You gave me hope, Tony. That…” Bucky shook his head and looked away, “that was something I hadn’t felt in a long, long time.”
Tony cut in with a hand coming up to smack over Steve’s mouth. He’d abandoned the suit a while back, after it had stopped being useful, so Steve was feeling the warmth of Tony’s skin against his lips. “Don’t bother. I’m not going to have our last words being about…
Tony froze. Then he sighed deeply, pursing his lips tight together. “I am going to kill that little bastard one day, you know.”
“God, can they not see I’m trying to fucking
Okay.
besotted,Tony leant up and returned it, his hands snaking around Steve’s neck to close any possible space between them as his teeth nipped gently at Steve’s bottom lip, eliciting a delightful little sound from the back of Steve’s throat in reply.
Things came back to him vaguely. He’d been… he’d been fighting something. And then someone had tackled him, and knocked him out, and- and he’d been so angry, so
He stopped falling.
But Tony was just sat there. He looked…. Well, Steve wasn’t too sure what that look meant. Like confusion and- and a strange sort of happiness, all at once.
He doesn’t understand.
“I’d actually love to have a family,” someone behind him said, and Tony jumped a mile in the air as he twisted his body and looked at Steve in surprise. The man was stood at the door, leaning into it with his hands shoved awkwardly into his pockets. Tony hadn't even heard home come through the door. He forgot how quiet Steve could be when he wanted it.
. “Wanted to try helping in a different way, I guess- oh.” He felt his throat close up in surprise when Tony touched him, fingers on his face, gently tilting his head sideways. For a moment, Steve had absolutely no idea how to respond, or what was happening at all. Then he realised that obviously, Tony was starting to work on one of the cuts on his cheek, inspecting it before he began to apply anything.
The boy saluted lazily, and then his head dropped back under the table again. Steve just watched him. “Does he do that often?”
“I really do like Tony,” he said quietly, “he’s not what you think. I swear. But after what Bucky said to him, he’s not answering my texts. Says he doesn’t think we should talk any more.”
Monday, he supposed, could’ve been worse. He didn’t get into any fights and he didn’t gather himself any detentions. He did pretty well, all things considered. He was a little quieter, a little more subdued, but he told everyone he was just tired. Sick with a bug. It was easier than telling them that just socializing was suddenly ten times harder than it should be, and his brain felt empty of all possible conversation. There was nothing to say. He didn’t want to talk.
Tony shrugged. “I got bored. You said you’d come home hours ago. I didn’t wanna go to sleep before you got here.”
“You know, I’m pretty sure sons aren’t supposed to attack their fathers, but whatever-”
It was only when Tony’s fingers pushed up at his chin that he realised he’d let his head fall. “This is fucking great,” Tony said with a huge smile, “seriously. You said you could draw, but I had no idea you could actually
But when was the universe ever that kind?
of you.”
“He said something,” Steve blurted, loud enough to make Tony jump a little. It had been mere hours since their whole city had been on fire, and Steve could still see the tension in the other man’s eyes. “He said something to me, that threw me completely off. Surprised me. It was how he escaped and—and I
“That’s—” Tony’s hand flailed around, trying to find the words. He turned to Steve. “He’s not pressing charges,” he told Steve in the end, apparently deciding that it was the best course of action to just ignore Thor entirely.
“Tony,” he shot up, sitting ramrod straight and grabbing Bucky’s shoulder, “where’s Tony? Is he okay? What happened to him?”
It was a bad kiss. Or- well, not a
have all night, don’t we?”
Tony grunted, sounding like he was in pain. “I’ve seen better days,” he admitted, “not sure where I… oh, wait, JARVIS is gonna send you the coordinates now. I might need a bit of help getting outta here. Think my arm’s out of commission, among other things.” He made a small noise of discomfort again, and Steve pulled his phone away from his ear, watching as a screen popped up showing the winding streets of Santa Barbara and the red dot where Tony was. “Don’t let any government officials see you.”
Tony said nothing; just nodded once, sniffing and pushing his hand over his face to wipe off the tears. It must have hurt, because he didn’t do it gently enough for the injuries, but he didn’t make a sound. A second later, he shut his eyes, and Steve wordlessly got to his feet to search out a blanket. There was one thrown over another armchair, which he grabbed and then delicately tucked around Tony. He should probably have gotten the other boy’s uncomfortable clothes off first, but he felt like right now, just getting him to sleep was the priority. It didn’t take long for Tony’s body to go lax and his breathing to even out; his body and mind both having been utterly exhausted at the events of the day.
They turned to each other, both of them pale and sweaty and feeling pain in pretty much every orifice of their bodies. Tony laid the flat of his palm over Steve’s chest, feeling the too-fast, too-quiet beat of his heart. He shut his eyes in relief. A second later, Steve’s hand came and laid shakily down upon his own.
The sun was peaking through the curtains; warm and lovely and deceptively pleasant. The type of weather that made people smile and suggest stupid things like barbecues or swimming or whatever. Dumb stuff. Stuff that required friends, family- things other than just machines.
Except it got worse.
Tony’s hand drifted into Steve’s hair and pushed it from his face, before curling around his jaw and resting there gently. Steve tilted his head and pressed a sleepy kiss into his palm, and then heard the way Tony sighed above him.
"We have a duty of care, Steve," he snapped, "and this is a helpless baby. He's damned well our responsibility now." He sighed and then slowly lowered himself onto the couch, swallowing nervously. His own words settled some sense of enormity onto the situation they'd just been dropped into. This was a very small child in his arms, who couldn't talk or communicate or probably even walk yet. And none of them had any idea about what to do with him.
“I think Thor’s got him for now,” Steve explained, running a finger across his browbone tiredly, “least until his parents come back.”
“Right. But you look tired, Steve, are you sure that’s a good idea? You should be well rested if we’re going out to fight again.”
She nodded once and then didn’t speak again for the remainder of the journey. Steve was quiet too; a billion different thoughts spinning through his head. He wanted to talk to Tony. He knew that the other boy seemed certain Ty wouldn’t actually stick to his promise and follow through, but Steve didn’t only want to address that. He wanted to address the fact that Tony had apparently just thrown away his whole old friendship group, his old lifestyle, and he’d done it for Steve.
“Mr. Rogers,” and suddenly JARVIS’s voice was quiet, more serious, and Steve turned back to the ceiling immediately, “a word of advice, if I may?”
Steve frowned. “You don’t even know me.”
Steve really didn’t know what to do with that information. He just couldn’t believe that he was even worth that much. At all. And yeah, Steve thought Ty was a shitty person, and that all of the rest of Tony’s friends were shitty people too- but he’d still known them for a long, long time. From what Thor told Steve, they’d pretty much all grown up together, running in the same social circles since the day they were all born. So for Tony to throw that all away for some skinny little orphaned kid that he’d met six months ago…
Steve was in a shitty mood.
Tony stopped moving for a moment, and then glanced to his left where Steve was sat a little awkwardly. There was a moment in which Tony just stared, but it was broken a second later when he turned his head back to the front and showed his profile to Steve instead. Steve could have sworn there was something like a smile twitching around his mouth. “It seems we meet again. Steve Rogers,” he said, the amusement evident in his voice. No doubt he was thinking back to their last conversation. “I’m not entirely sure you’re not stalking me at this point.”
I don’t need to be here, Tony. Everyone else could have filled in my roles in life. I made absolutely no difference- i didn’t invent shit, I didn’t single-handedly save the world, it barely even looked like I had a damn effect on your life-”
Tony turned, noticing Steve as he stared. He didn’t make a comment, though, he just smiled and shook his head again. Steve knew what he was thinking, because the same thing was running through his mind, too.
If Steve were a better man, they might have even been right to think that way.
"He tried to bite me earlier," Clint called out, "he's got like, two teeth, but it still hurt. I think he thinks we're food."
Thor didn’t say anything for a moment, and they both stood somewhat awkwardly in front of each other in the freezing rain as the kids from the top of the hill slowly started to make their way down toward them. Steve wondered what was going through Thor’s head- usually the boy had so much to say, and there was never a quiet moment at all. Steve wasn’t too sure what could have caused this.
More than anything, Steve just wanted to know.
“He told you something, or showed you something, or- I don’t fucking know, maybe he’s fucking
“All of it,” he croaked, the horror of everything he’d done bubbling up to the surface. He couldn’t believe it. It just felt like a nightmare.
There was another scream and a laugh as Bruce undoubtedly tug him, and then an eerie silence. Tony paused, trying to listen in.
Tony nodded, hoisting Peter a little higher up into his arms and then pushing into Steve’s hold in an attempt to just find something to ground him. He felt wildly off-balance. Furious and angry and heartbroken and scared, completely fucking terrified. “He was two months old,” he whispered, “it’s a miracle he even… God, they didn’t—I just—”
“And I thought Tony Stark wasn’t Iron Man,” Steve gritted out, which was a little pathetic as far as comebacks went, but he could admit that his mind was focused on other things. “Guess we’re all in for some surprises today. Now tell me what you want me to do.”
It became so stunningly, blindingly obvious in that moment that he simply refused to believe that he hadn’t seen it before. It was impossible- he was Tony Stark, he always noticed these things. Always always always.
There was a short pause, and Steve tried to think of something to say, but was distracted when he heard the soft sound of Tony crying again. He jerked his head back down to look at him, and saw his head bowed; shoulders shaking silently as he sobbed into his own hands.
“You haven’t…
...Reverence, maybe. Like Steve was the most important thing in the universe, at that moment.
- he didn’t know what Bucky’s mind had concocted in the panic between Steve going missing and coming back, but it was obviously not good, and needed to be put to bed as soon as possible.
Steve nodded, making his way into the car. Tony waited for him until he was properly seated, and then slid over the bonnet and into the driver’s seat. He slammed the door shut and then shook the droplets of rain out of his hair effortlessly, still managing to look like a model as he did so. The curls had gone a little flatter, and his hair was now stuck up in wild spikes, some of the moisture dripping down his face. It had been a week since the day at the Icecream parlour, and the once-purple bruise running over his cheek had become nothing more than a slightly greenish patch that somehow managed to bring out the blue of his eyes even more.
“Sure.”
bad. I betrayed your trust and used your kindness against you. And in the end, it was all for nothing anyway. SHIELD was the one I should have been fighting. I always thought that you were too good to be… but it doesn’t matter what I thought, I guess. It’s what I did that counts. And what I did was fucking unforgiveable.” Steve could feel his eyes stinging and he looked away, over to the nearby wall. He didn’t want Tony to feel obligated to pity him. “I let you down. And I hurt you. And I know… I know it doesn’t mean anything, it won’t make any of this better, but I just need you to know, okay, the things I said that night. They were all true. I was fighting a battle with myself, because I was told you were—you were
Glancing at his watch as he stepped out the door, Steve realised that they’d been there for three hours, and the night had crept around them very quickly in that time. It had already gone seven, and Steve found himself sighing at the prospect of having to catch the nightmare buses at this time. So instead, he turned to Thor and shot the boy his best and most innocent smile.
She waved goodbye as she walked out of the house, and Steve watched her leave fondly. Mrs Wilson was the best. “Hey, Sam, don’t forget the newspapers out on the counter!”
The days of summer passed them by in a haze of work and team-nights and trying to help Peter pass his course at MIT without dropping out or becoming a coke addict. The normal stuff, really. Apart from the superpowers and aliens.
“So, my question is- what are you doing down here, Steve Rogers?” And the voice was at a weird angle; below him, despite the fact he was the one sat on the chair, and he opened his eyes despite himself and then jumped when he saw Tony, sat cross-legged on the floor next to his feet.
Peter considered this for a moment, before nodding and giving both of them no other warning than a giggled, “cash me!” before he dropped into Steve’s waiting arms.
She stuck out a dainty hand, but when Steve wrapped his own around in greeting, the shake was shockingly firm. “Indeed. It’s lovely to meet you.”
, Tony hadn’t been going to say, but it was too late to explain that anyway. “Yeah, right. My mistake.” His eyes were cold now, arms folded, his whole demeanour suddenly closed off, and God, this was a pretty rapid decline considering they’d been making out not even minutes ago. “You know, someone once spat at Natasha on the street when they saw she was a demon. But tomorrow, you’ll go out there and see a hundred people with red eyes, walking around having the time of their lives. They get to wear the trait for a few hours and then take ‘em out as soon as it stops being a problem. Natasha can’t do that. Natasha just has to take the spit.”
Steve sighed.
Steve couldn’t help but huff. “Yeah, I figured. You just blow them up.”
Steve paused. Would Tony laugh if he admitted it? Finish the job the other guys had started?
For a moment, it seemed like time slowed, crawled entirely to a stop. Steve’s mind attempted to wrap itself around that statement, but it couldn’t quite find the right footholds and the meaning behind it kept slipping away. Tony couldn’t be serious. He was talking like there was still hope, and there wasn’t. There couldn’t be.
Tony sighed. He wanted to open his eyes, look at Steve. But he was cowardly. He was too scared. What if it wasn’t? What if everything- all of it had just been a hallucination, and Tony was right back where he started when his eyes opened once more- back in the cave, back under the water, nothing changed, nothing done.
It had been seven days since Steve and Tony had decided to finally adopt the 3 year old spider-kid they’d found looking desperately for a home, 2 days since Tony had left said spider-kid in steve’s care in order to go for an emergency business meeting, and 6 hours since the rest of the team had decided to go into hiding in order to avoid parenting duties.
He took a deep breath, pushed everything he was feeling back down into the little pit of despair it had come from, and pressed frantically at the intercom a dozen times in order to convey his apparent distress. It took a few seconds for anything to happen, and in the meantime, Steve looked warily around him, noting the security camera at the corner of the gate. Then-
They broke away, looking at one another slightly disbelievingly for a second. Then they laughed- loud and surprised as both of them nodded their heads at one another. Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and then leaned in again, kissing Steve hard and happily, and Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him in closer.
He was
Steve wouldn’t have made it out the other end, that was for sure.
Steve kissed him, cutting off the ramble, but they had to stop when both of them began laughing uncontrollably. Steve looked down at Tony, wiping the tear tracks off his cheeks with his thumbs before leaning down and kissing him again. “You make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And I’m going to be the best husband you could ever hope for, Tony Stark. I promise.”
“You are, Steve.”
Tony grasped him tightly, tears of joy springing to his eyes as he laughed. “Fucking
Howard stepped forward then, one long stride, and Tony’s mouth shut off with an abrupt halt. Steve heard him scuttle backward on the mattress above him, and for one terrifying moment, he thought that Howard was going to strike him. He reached out a hand on autopilot, aiming for the man’s ankle, readying to pull it out from underneath him if he had to- but he heard no sound of impact, and instead, just a deafening silence.
Sam grinned, gesturing to the entrance of the cafeteria. “After you,” he said.
Sunlight hit him painfully once he had finally crashed his way out of the ruined interior, and he winced. There was probably some sort of head injury going on, but he didn’t exactly have time to worry about that. He could see the sleek metal robot, now lying face down on the ground, a large and sparking hole in its neck. There was no sign of Tony.
Tony glared at her, but opened his mouth all the same. She popped the square onto his tongue. It tasted like compacted shit, but food was food. “Tactically, stayin’ here makes no sense,” he argued weakly, wheezing in a small breath in order to speak again. “You can—you can go down unnoticed in th’ darkness, get help, an’ then find me again. Probably in under 24 hours.”
“If you wouldn’t mind.”
Tony scoffed. “Promises, promises.”
“Who was the man,” Steve heard himself asking, his voice flat, “the man who killed him- what was his motive?”
Did Steve think that was weird? Was he wondering whether Tony was getting too clingy, or reconsidering the fact that—
“M’okay,” Tony told him, trying to think back over the past few hours. They were hazy and dark, filled with faint memories of his own screams. He was glad that he couldn’t remember too well. “What’s HYDRA’s status?” He asked, shifting the subject as he attempted to sit up a little.
So he kissed him again. Made sure to angle up right and everything. He curled his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and put the other one on Steve’s shoulder, pushing him gently back against the wall and then putting everything he had into that damn kiss. “How long have you been trying,” he spoke the words into Steve’s mouth and Steve, who had previously been distracted by the fact that he had discovered another tongue in his mouth, shivered a little and then tugged on Tony’s hips, drawing him in.
He shook his head and continued forward, pulling the window open easily and then checking his distances before tentatively climbing out, legs hanging over the sill. A moment’s pause had him nervously wondering whether the sound was going to be loud enough to alert someone to his presence- but he quickly discarded it. Their meeting rooms were all the way over on the other side of the building, and anyway, it was a brick roof. It wouldn’t make an overly loud sound.
“Oh, don’t start,” Tony interrupted with a wave of his hand. He refused to let Steve’s worry break through the cloud of happiness that he was currently feeling from the knowledge that all his friends were happy because of him, were glad that he’d done this for them. See? He
“What the hell is going on?” Steve said loudly, just as Bucky made a disbelieving face and stepped… back, rather than forward, which was odd- Bucky wasn’t usually one to back away from a fight.
He watched Tony flail his hands for a second, trying to find an answer to Steve’s question. “Well. See now- that would ruin the surprise, wouldn’t it?”
Tony froze at the door, wondering what the hell he was supposed to say. He didn’t particularly feel like starting an argument at this time in the morning- they’d already had to deal with the Clint and Steve fiasco earlier that week, and Tony was happy to leave it at that.
my brain.”
One day, he’d make enough money to be able to pay them back. He was going to make sure of it.
“He’s gone to get some food from the canteen, he’ll be back in a minute,” Bucky told him, taking his arm and leading him back inside, “you need to lie down until then, buddy, okay- Thor hit you pretty hard.”
Deep in thought, he barely even registered the knocking sound to his left at all- not until the third or fourth thud, anyway. He turned in his seat and looked up at the window, eyes widening when he was met with Tony and Thor staring right back.
There was a second in which Steve allowed himself to think violent thoughts at everyone who’d been with Tony in the past, before just letting it slide away in order for him to curl his fingers into Tony’s and squeeze. They didn’t matter any more, and they never had. “Well, Good thing I’m not everyone else then,” he said simply, before pulling at Tony’s hand sharply and then sending him tumbling back onto the bed, “because actually, I was lying. I’m staying here forever. Your bed is comfortable and bigger than my own, so we’re gonna have to do a swap.”
They left before the hour was up.
“They can’t come,” Tony told him, looking almost panicked- the same face he’d been making down by the car, when he’d swept all the dirt out of it, “it’s bad enough having you over, but all of
? Well, apparently those friends were against the whole concept of it, so that was a no
"What happened to piss you off so much, then?" Clint turned to Steve curiously, and Steve just huffed again.
He shook his head and wiped his nose and got back to work with shaking hands.
Tony didn’t say anything, but Steve could feel the gaze burn into the side of his face once more. He got the feeling Tony was analysing him.
“I do not-” Steve spluttered a little, “I do not give off an ‘innocent’ vibe.”
As Steve watched him and Thor laughing together, he felt his heart twist in all different kinds of ways. The image of Tony’s face, staring at him with such… with
Tony shot him a look. It was a very judgemental thing. “You’re really serious about this, aren’t you?”
That, for some reason, took Tony back a little, and he blushed adorably as he looked away. “Well, I mean, it’s just-“
Slowly, all three of them made their way through the hatch and out into the exposed, cold air of the surface. Tony had been correct; the entire airstrip was in disarray. Aircraft and vehicles, turned on their heads; bits of the ship that had crumbled away entirely, falling a thousand feet into the ocean they were hovering over. Fire licked across the floor, and angry-looking soldiers in telltale black and red uniform let them know it was HYDRA initiating the op.
be ashamed of you. Not around them, not around anyone.
That was confirmed a second later. “They just...
He had his family, and the universe had its inhabitants back, and everything was going to be okay.
. Tony didn’t want to know what he was thinking; it was a goddamned mess up in there, and not one that he particularly wanted to share-
He wandered back downstairs, footsteps echoing through the empty halls as he made his way back to the kitchen. It still smelled acutely of burning, and it was only once Tony got to the kitchen table that he realised the lamb casserole dish had scorched the wooden surface underneath it. Tony shut his eyes and tried desperately not to think of the way his parents would react to that. He didn’t have the energy to worry about it, not with everything else going on. Every time his mind strayed to Steve and how he was going to end things, Tony forced himself back to the coding, the website construction, the contents that he had planned. He was going to make it fucking perfect, and people were going to sit up and take notice of it. It would be great. And hell, Tony had no friends anyway, so it wasn’t like getting any hate online was going to faze him. He had nothing to lose. Except possibly his home, if Howard caught wind of it.
“Where’s Nick Fury,” the woman said, voice hard, face tight—and Steve realised, for the first time, that the universe was bigger than just them.
“Shut the
“Okay, alright, don’t start,” Thor raised his hands between the two of them and shot them both a scathing look. “Steve, Loki’s right. Tony’s a bit disorientated right now, and I know he looks bad, but it’s nothing that we’re incapable of handling ourselves. If we just keep a close eye on him and make sure nothing gets worse…” Thor sighed, like the words pained him. “Then hospital probably isn’t a necessity.”
JARVIS was quiet as he ran through numbers, variables, outcomes. His program told him that Steve was trustworthy. His code allowed him to see how the variable of Tony’s death may skew that. His judgment allowed him to decide on which was the stronger motivator.
In response, Peter drooled a little bit, and Thor wiped it away with an absent finger. “Perhaps we can save the lessons for after mealtime?” He asked, leaning over and shoving Clint’s face away promptly. That made Peter cackle, and a chewed-up piece of chicken fell out of his mouth and onto the high-chair below.
“Yes. Decided to switch things up for a change, you know?” She explained, shoving her present into his hands and then turning away to grab some food. Tony knew she didn’t like her kindness being acknowledged, but when Tony read her slips, he jumped off the table and pulled her into a tight hug anyway, which she luckily returned.
“You know what I think is even hotter?” Steve titled his head and then brushed his lips across Tony’s ear. Tony remained silent, listening, and then Steve continued: “You doing what you love and succeeding in life because you’re smart enough to do anything you set your mind to.” And before Tony could respond with something undoubtedly self-deprecating, Steve blew sharply in his ear.
“Oh, you wanna talk about terrorism, Steve?” Tony’s lip curled in the mockery of a smile, “you’re sat in the belly of one of the biggest terrorist organisations in the world. God, you’re probably
“Honestly, that might actually be my favourite thing about you,” Tony laughed, focusing in on his cheeks as Steve just slapped a hand over them in embarrassment, “you blush so easily and
“Thank you, again,” Steve blurted, because he felt like he was never going to be able to stop saying it, “for getting back my ring. It really- it means a lot to me. My mom… she would’a liked you a lot, I think.”
. He hadn’t seen him all day, and if he got back any later, the man would probably be asleep when Tony got in.
Tony smiled, letting a hand rest on Steve’s shoulder, massaging the surprisingly knotted muscles there. “Want me to make you another one, get you really hooked on the stuff?”
of the fucking year, Tony. Jesus. I thought you understood that—”
And we have an update! I hope y'all had fun with this.... let's see what happens in the next chapter, hmmm
He hadn’t even put on his fucking helmet. Again.
do you think you are?” Tony asked, voice hard, “and what exactly do you think I’ve done?”
“They’re going to ask you about it,” Tony said throatily, “they’re gonna… say shit. About you. For being with me. I’m sorry. It’s all corporate BS, they try to start smear campaigns and make the stocks drop, it’s business, but usually they don’t find any new material and—you know, it’s just—”
here. This sort of thing doesn’t happen- and yet somehow, the universe made it so. Because the universe is kind of a wild card and doesn’t like to follow our stupid rules.”
Steve kept very still, allowing his enhanced senses to pick up on the faint beats of Tony’s heart, so quiet they were hardly audible at all, even to him. They were most certainly there though, soft and reassuring and constant. A steady beat. An anchor.
Tony bit his lip. Every muscle felt like it was ready to start sprinting, and he wasn’t sure he could settle right now. His mind longed for the reprieve of a drink- whiskey always eased the anxieties in his mind and let him sleep, back before he’d decided to go sober.
“Not my problem,” the man mumbled, before slipping downward again, moving to Tony’s throat and then scraping his teeth gently across it, “I jus’ wanna keep you right here. Pepper… irrelevant.”
Steve stopped on the stairs, looking at Sam with a mixture of surprise and annoyance. “Lewis? Why the hell is she here?”
’ too, y’know.”
, dammit- on any other occasion, Tony would have been absolutely fine. Maybe it would have spooked him a bit, okay, but not this. Not the full-bodied shaking, eyes wide in terror, breath coming in too short to catch sort of panic that he was currently feeling. It was like…
“I feel like I’m intruding a little,” he admitted, and then before Steve could rebuke his concerns, Tony was already making his way across the room. “I really should go, anyway. Drinks are on me tonight- they’ll all be waiting,” he informed Steve cheerfully.
Like a gun had gone off, the entire room awoke. Steve’s head jolted upward, and Natasha did the same. Clint, with a snuffed-out snore, lifted his head off the floor, and both Bruce and Thor nearly fell on their asses as they were startled awake.
Sam grinned, wiggling his eyebrows. “Good question. Right- so between our year and the seniors, there’s the best group, which is obviously mine. I hang out with these idiots called Clint and Natasha, mostly. There are other people like Sharon and Phil- oh, and sometimes a guy called Bruce will sit with us, when he’s not working- but that’s pretty much the whole group. We’re a friendly bunch, don’t worry. Long as you don’t steal Clint’s food or try hit on Nat, you’re all good.”
Tony pursed his lips, leaning back against the wall and trying not to feel Steve’s gaze burning into the side of his face.
“That’s a little superficial of you.”
Tony couldn’t help it- the endearment was old and corny, and every time Steve said it he smiled. Maybe Steve knew that, and maybe that’s why Steve did it. Either way, Tony found his mouth twitching in amusement, and he giggled shakily, swallowing the lump in his throat and consciously making the effort to unclench his hands, relax himself a little.
He felt Tony’s fingers brush against his.
Felt a bit like coming home.
Steve is on one of his art-binges, that much is obvious. There is paint… everywhere; on the walls, on the plastic sheets that are littered around the floor, and then a large portion of it concentrated on the easel in front of Steve.
Above him, Steve paused for a few seconds, and then lifted his head, a beautiful smile on his face as he said “hold on. I’ve got something that’ll make it even better. Stay here.”
Well. There were worse things to be addicted to, he supposed.
But that was just their lives, he supposed. Certain Death to them meant very little. They were used to it.
Anyway new chapter will be released as and when I reach my donation target on kofi, so stay tuned (hopefully) for more!
He sunk to the floor right alongside her, crossing his legs neatly and quietly. If she’d have seen him just then, she would’ve killed him-
But, you know. Shit happens. He couldn’t really pursue it, now, and it sucked, but that was life. He could get by from other jobs. It wouldn’t be too bad.
Steve grinned, and then pushed the door open with his shoulder before slicking back his windswept hair into something more manageable. Some of the residents shot him funny looks as he walked through the pristine marble floors with his ratty coat and beat-up sneakers, but he just smiled at them. Figured they needed a bit of joy in their otherwise uptight and miserable lives.
“Clint!” Jan shoved a pillow over his face and then sat on him, turning to look at Steve. “But seriously, how good
“Yeah, well,” Steve leaned down to kiss him again, a familiar press of lips, “then I remembered you needed to sleep.” His hands settled, firm and big against Tony’s hips, and he squeezed gently before beginning to unbutton Tony’s shirt. “Don’t get excited, just givin’ ya a hand.”
“Don’t even bother,” Steve spat, “God, I feel fucking humiliated. Can’t you just stick to one person in your relationship, Tony? Is it that hard?”
"Oh, what are you gonna fucking do?" The other guy- Zeke- taunted, "you gonna hit me? Or just throw daddy's money at me and hope I go away? Contrary to popular belief, Stark, you don't actually own the school, and I sure as shit am not afraid of you."
Tony made a face and fiddled with his cufflinks. He wished he was back home, in bed. Preferably with a warm supersoldier at his side. Unfortunately though, being a superhero wasn’t all about fighting aliens and making things go boom. Sometimes it was about trying to stabilise international relations in order to prevent the second apocalypse after only just coming back from the first. “You’re dealing with the racist one,” he muttered irritably, looking at the wrinkly bastard in question, sat talking with the other wrinkly bastards in the back of the room.
“Pretending you’re okay now. Let your whole… the whole ‘Jolly Viking’ persona go for a bit. I don’t mind.”
He jumped to his feet and didn’t even call Bucky out when he heard him mutter to Natasha “That gives us 25 seconds to make out for, quick, get over here,” because he was feeling in a particularly charitable mood at that moment, thanks to Thor’s wonderful Mead.
. Sometimes he forgot how strong he was; sometimes cup-handles broke or doorknobs came off, but that sort of thing never happened with Tony. With anyone, really. Because Steve knew, he was fucking aware of what he could do, and the last thing he’d ever wanted to be was someone that people were scared of.
He hadn’t left in time.
“I was trying to make paint!” Tony rolled his eyes and gestured, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, “cool paint that glowed in the dark and also really really black paint that is 0.02% blacker than vantablack and will piss Mr. Kapoor off very much when he realises he’s been bested by a seventeen year old.”
And slap bang in the middle, lying on his stomach as he cackled hysterically at the bizarre device in front of him, was Tony himself.
Steve huffed, head lolling against the wall again. “He drove me through New York on his motorbike,” he said, voice dreamy, “took me to this house, really beautiful. Abandoned for years, but Tony knew a way in. We went up to the roof.”
He poured his coffee with unsteady hands, clutching it between his fingers while he stared at the mess of the kitchen. He was going to have to clean all this up. And cancel the party tomorrow. Not that any of them would show up anyway, once Steve broke the news to them. Tony was kidding himself when he called them friends, to be honest. They were Steve’s friends who tolerated Tony. They weren’t going to care when Steve dumped him.
Steve laughed, looking over at Sam as he pouted. “What was it this time? Did Clint set her house on fire?”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tony whispered as Steve unhooked his legs from around Tony’s waist and dropped back to earth with a little stumble. He smiled down; fingers curling under Steve’s chin in order to swipe a thumb lightly over his bottom lip. Steve stood utterly still; watching Tony’s eyes darken a little, breathing in sharply for a second before looking back up into Steve.
He swallowed, turning to the man sat behind the desk in the main corridor. The guy was typing away at his computer, but when he felt Steve watching, he looked upward. “Can I—”
Steve’s eyes went wide, and he stumbled out of bed hastily, phone tucked between shoulder and face as he searched for some pants. He’d led a handful of missions before, sure, but from Fury’s voice, this sounded important. Very important. “You sending a car or shall I take my b—”
Again, although there was conversation around them, Tony couldn’t help but feel as if everyone was also keeping one ear in on their conversation and awaiting on Tony’s response with bated breath. Even Thor had temporarily stopped his loud sulky spooning of carrots onto his plate, as per Bruce’s request.
He heard Tony’s muffled laugh and felt his heart flutter a little. The fluttering increased tenfold as his arms wrapped around Tony’s waist.
Natasha just looked at him blankly, like he’d said something stupid and not a genuine damn question.  “We want to know the details. Obviously?”
He wished he was just fucking better. Steve probably did too. Steve was going to see it and flip out- or maybe he already had. Maybe Tony was going to go home to find the other man packing his shit up and leaving.
He sighed quietly and pressed his forehead into Steve’s sternum for a second before slowly sitting up, disentangling their bodies and then sliding out of bed. He checked the clock: 1 in the morning. He could spend a few hours in the workshop doing some more research into AIM, or maybe try and get to work on setting out the groundwork for the new version of coding he wanted to work through the Iron Man armour.
There was an awkward silence, and both Clint and Sam’s eyebrows shot up as they stared at him. Steve just looked back at them, trying not to blush under their gazes.
“Nice look, Tony,” Natasha says quietly, eyes still on the morning paper.
- and what they’d meant by that was a family with more money and in a better area. But Steve had been adamant about staying with his friends, and in the end they’d begrudgingly agreed. He knew though, that it probably wouldn’t take much to get his case reconsidered. Especially if his behaviour started falling.
!” Sam scolded, whilst Steve just felt his cheeks begin to burn and his mouth go a little dryer than it had been a few moments ago.
“Please don’t tell anyone,” Tony shook his head a little frantically, “please- I don’t want people to know. It’s not a big deal.”
He’d even lost the silver ring he’d kept on his thumb. That one hurt the most, that was what he’d fought hardest for- but it had been three against one and all he’d gotten from it was another punch which seemed to have cracked his rib.
“There are no right or wrong timelines, Steve.
, what he was doing wrong here, because he really was trying-
When an alarm began to blare through the mansion, the lights falling into a deep-red emergency colour as he and Tony sat up in bed, Steve’s mind instantly settled on:
“I fucking hate that fucking documentary,” Tony whispered hysterically, laughing through the sobs, “fucking… talked about Howard like he was some devastated wreck, like he gave half a damn. Didn’t even… never even mentioned Jarvis once, you know that? He got in that car and he died in that fucking car and no one even talks about him, ‘cause he was just some fucking… who gives a fuck about the butler, right? Who gives a fuck?”
Maybe she was home, finally.
Steve was silent. They didn’t have long left. How was he supposed to finish…all of this? Everything he had meant to say, every argument and confession they’d meant to have together- it was never going to happen. And Steve couldn’t decide what words were most important now.
Tony let Steve’s hand drop, and then just stood there silently. His breathing was harder now- whereas Steve felt his had stopped completely.
“He’s enhanced,” they both said at the same time, and Tony sunk lower onto the floor as he gently began to try tugging Peter off Steve’s arm.
“It was stupid,” Tony said, embarrassment pooling in his gut, “I should have known better, it won’t happen again-“
And yet-
Tony, basically.
Tony smiled at him, his eyes drifting shut as the late hour compelled him to sleep. It was nearly two in the morning, by that point—and it seemed Steve noticed as much, because he squeezed his hand on Tony’s hip and dipped down a little lower. “Hey. Happy Halloween so far?”
Suddenly raising her free hand, she brought the phone to her ear and raised an eyebrow toward Steve as he stared at her in horror.
Steve beamed as he glanced down at their joined fingers, and then found himself vehemently agreeing with this. But unfortunately, much as he may have wanted to, he couldn’t actually spend the rest of his life holding Tony’s hand.
Tony just nodded, noting down the information into his growing bank of how-to-get-steve-to-not-hit-you tips and tricks. His jaw felt better after a few minutes with the pack, and Steve was kind to him- made him laugh with that dry, sarcastic humour of his. He seemed sorry. He didn’t say it, but he definitely
Or at least, Tony could.
Tony took a moment of silence, and then sighed. “I’m trying really hard to think of a dirty response to that, but nothing’s coming.”
Tony looked up, blinked a few times, and then looked back down again. But still, the empty screen stared back at him. “JARVIS?” He murmured, “is my phone malfunctioning?”
No one came after him again that night. They thought it was best to give him space, no doubt. JARVIS would be giving an hourly report of his wellbeing to someone in the tower so that they knew he wasn’t hanging himself in the bathroom, but apart from that, Steve was alone.
“But he doesn’t look so empty when he’s with you,” Jane explained, and Steve felt his breath catching in his throat at her words, at the way she said them. So… simply. So honestly. Like it was just some every day fact. “He’s smiling more. I don’t know, you just… you fit with him. That’s all.” She smiled, tucking her hair away again before shrugging her head to the side. “Anyway- I should probably get to class. My teacher is a total dick about late marks.”
it’s stupid, but I can’t… I can’t—”
in red, alright, and Steve was only human.
When Bucky noticed it, his mouth dropped open. Steve just grinned up at him, wandering closer until he was near enough to pat on the shoulder. “For the record,” he said in amusement, “
“Yeah, but now I’m
Steve looked at him for a moment; watched the way his gaze flickered briefly from Steve’s eyes to his mouth and then back up, or the way his heart was beating just that little bit faster than normal through the pulse in his wrist.
“— I love you,” Steve interrupted him, seemingly out of nowhere, taking his hand from the air and then pressing his mouth against the back of it. Tony quietened, his face softening as Steve smiled and shook his head. “Just thought you should know.”
“They can’t get out once they reach the basement. It’s one-way. We’ll all meet them there, block them in and take them down before they can get anything important.”
“You okay?” Steve asked, voice not even anything above a breath as his finger trailed up and down Tony’s ribs.
“Agent Rogers,” Fury said in the end, his voice hard, “with me. Now.”
Steve thought as his body hit the ground beside Tony’s. He looked at his husband, both their hands still attached to one another, and Tony smiled.
Wow. That sure made him feel better. He didn’t fucking
Steve blinked and took a small, shaking breath, pulling back a little from Tony and looking down at his lap. “You don’t have to,” he began, “I can understand if you still want time to cool off.”
"Math is impossible," Sam declared loudly, "it's official. Literally no one on Earth except nerds and Albert Einstein can do this shit."
“STEVE!”
Seeing the stone lying there was, as usual, a punch to the gut. Steve sniffed and then cleared his throat, wiping all the rain off his face and then absent-mindedly straightening his shirt out. “Here we are,” he said casually, looking over to Thor, “I… uh, I just gotta clear away some of the- the weeds and stuff.”
He smiled at the ceiling as he slipped from the doors, knowing that JARVIS’ cameras would pick it up. “Get one of the good-for-nothings upstairs to put a hot-pocket on for me, will you?”
Fifteen minutes later and Steve came with a bitten-off moan, biting down against Tony’s shoulder gently. A few seconds after that, Tony did too, and when he opened his eyes again Steve was smiling at him, all gentle and soft and normal. His face was still pale and sickly. But Tony knew better than to ask now. “You look adorable when you come,” Steve murmured, kissing Tony messily, “have I told you that?”
“I promise you, Steve,
“I can,” her face hardened, “Steve, get out of the chamber.”
in that suit, thank you very much Tony) and then vaulted the railings, continuing the mission that they’d been sent out to complete.
And each and every time, his muse would catch his eye through the window and smile softly, that perfectly angled face catching the light and making his skin glow.
Yinsen had told him some of the first few times these things had happened,
Eventually he felt his way over to the stairs and had to turn around, practically sprinting up them in his haste. Steve just watched him, laughing quietly into the now-empty room.
The vague sensation of shrugging on either side of him. “Look… available?” Bucky tried.
“I hate what you did,” Tony told him quietly, looking straight at him with a clenched jaw, glasses perched precariously on the edge of his nose. “I hate that you didn’t tell me, and let me get hurt like that. I hate that you left me to clean up all your shit when you left me behind.”
They hadn’t had any other choice. At least LMD’s didn’t feel pain.
“Hello, Steve!” He said joyfully, “I was just looking for Tony. Thank you for finding him for me- I hope you’re feeling well?” He asked, craning his head around Tony’s stomach in order to look in concern at Steve. No doubt he was thinking back to their last meeting.
Everything hurt, these days.
? Steve hadn’t even bothered to ask him. Hadn’t even cared.
Well. Apart from Tony. Of course.
He waited as JARVIS remained silent for a few seconds. A part of Steve took the time out to admire Tony’s genius, and the fact that he’d managed to create what was definitely the most human robot Steve had ever heard before. It was truly incredible- he couldn’t even believe it, mostly. It felt like talking to a real person, but this… it was just numbers and codes.
“If they could recreate what Peter has, then why would they care so much about getting him back?” He said darkly.
“Thank you,” was all Tony said, soft and earnest, nose brushing with Steve’s as he looked up, “you’re the best.”
“But I don’t know how!” Bruce complained, and Tony groaned loudly, throwing his hands in the air.
“I am an AI,” JARVIS corrected, “and I obtained this number through searching Sir’s phone history and selecting a number that I felt would be most helpful in aiding me.” He paused, before adding, “And Thor was not answering his phone.”
They were going to get happier.
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid.
“I love you,” Steve said again, and Tony giggled when Steve broke away to plant a gentle kiss against the tip of his nose, “I’ll keep saying that. Every day, if I have to.”
Steve was storming toward him in the way he marched over to an enemy, the walk he did when he was planning exactly how to tear his target apart. Tony watched him; all those hundreds of pounds of muscle and strength as it advanced toward him like a freight train going at full speed, not stopping, not slowing down. He had a face like thunder and his fists were clenched, tight and sharp and Tony could calculate how much force was underneath that muscle and sinew and bone. it was a lot- it was a hell of a lot.
Steve laughed, and Tony figured he was probably rolling his eyes. He knew exactly what Tony thought about his methods of transporting Tony places when he wasn’t making to move on his own—he was no princess, thank you very much, and he did not need to be bridal carried. Although, admittedly,
“—Gonna bleed you fucking dry, buddy, you won’t have a
Tony must have spotted him as he walked up the street, because a few seconds later the car door opened and he stepped out, a big smile on his face. In his hands were about six cookies altogether, and Tony was holding them up with pride.
A few seconds later, he held up the book and showed the dancer a cartoon thumbs-up, hoping it was emphasised enough to be seen across the road.
But he knew they weren’t things that Steve wanted to hear. They weren’t things that Steve would agree with either- despite Tony’s crippling self esteem issues, even
Working through that one was no doubt going to be a challenge, Steve thought in frustration.
Steve couldn’t fucking wait.
“You good?” He asked with a small frown.
By the time 7pm rolled around, Tony could admit he was a mess. The office felt like it was running out of air, even more so than it usually goddamn did, but Tony didn’t want to leave it in case he ran into someone and had to explain why he looked like he’d snorted three lines of fucking cocaine. He couldn’t write because his hands were too busy fucking shaking- this was a bad hit and he knew it. The episodes came and went, some of them worse than others, and Tony figured that the accumulation of all the stresses of his life had built up to lead to this, and now he didn’t even know how he was going to get home. He didn’t want to leave his office. He didn’t want to arrive back at the tower and see Steve leaving, or upset, or fucking dead, Jesus, who knew? JARVIS was giving him updates, but hell, there could be a glitch, or someone could have hacked him and started sending false information,
written in her scrawly writing.
“You’re really… you’re sure?” He croaked in the end, finally turning his gaze back to Steve and eyeing him almost warily. “Steve, I know… are you really certain you want your first time to be with m-“
651, 652, 653, 654. Tony rolled his eyes. “You know what? We’re having an electricity-free week when we get home. I refuse to let you near any of it again. You can’t be trusted.”
For the first time since meeting him, he watched Tony Stark sputter and look genuinely shocked. “What? Don’t be stupid, Steve, it’s on me.”
“Look,” Steve said, shuffling around to face Tony more, “I appreciate… everything you’ve done for me, Tony, I really do. I just- I can’t go to hospital. I can’t. They
Steve pushed through the crowds that had moved on, cutting him off in order to horde around the two other boys that now seemed to be about to scrap. He felt either Sam or Clint’s hand try to pull him back but he shoved them off, ducking under arms and then pushing people off before he joined the circle again, hand reaching out to grab Tony’s shoulder.
Tony blinked.
Steve was already intensely fucking nervous. New situations, new schools...they weren’t his thing. At all. And the lack of acknowledgement wasn’t helping much. Not that he wanted to be stared at, obviously- but he’d been used to meeting with Peggy and Bucky in the parking lot every morning, so this just felt...weird.
Or at least, he
, stupidly idiotic thing Bucky could have chosen to do at that time, and Steve just wanted to punch his dumb fucking face-
“I… I’m not really in the mood tonight, you guys,” he said weakly, looking away from the five incredulous stares above him as he curled up deeper into the sofa.
- that. But you know what?
“Lot of reasons,” Tony mumbled, fingers fiddling with the bedsheets. He didn’t look Steve in the eye. “Because I’m a fucking idiot? Because I’m pathetic and I thought it was the best I was going to be able to get? I mean, shit, if Captain America can’t even bear to be with me without hitting me a few times, then it wasn’t exactly like I was gonna get much better from anyone else, right?” He blinked rapidly and then looked up at Steve, his jaw tight. Steve could see the humiliation in his eyes- and this was the first time Tony had even spoken more than just three words about it at all, but Steve hadn’t realized quite how damning it would be for him to hear him actually say what they both already knew.
He pictured it in his head- Tony lounging on the leather chair, Pepper with her heels off, lying on the floor, hair down. It certainly made an interesting image. “You get caught?”
Tony opened his mouth to greet him, but Steve got in first.
“JARVIS,” he called out, jumping to his feet and grabbing one of the stools, smashing the leg down into the underside of the robot’s elbow. The impact forced him to let go of Natasha’s ankle, and she stumbled away with a bitten off curse. “JARVIS, play 5 hertz. Loud as you can.”
“I still love you,” Tony whispered, his hands moving over Steve’s shoulders, sliding around his waist and then clinging desperately, “I never—God, Steve, I never stopped, and I was so stupid and selfish and absorbed in my own shit—”
Maybe it was in his eyes, or maybe Susan just knew that she would always be fighting a losing battle. When Steve Rogers set his mind on something, he did it. But her face crumbled, and she sighed, short and filled with grief. Steve looked at her, and she looked at him. He nodded. “It’s gonna be okay,” he said softly, and he meant it. “I’m gonna be okay. This is what I want.”
“Nah- just wanted… a change of scene,” he said softly, before rolling his eyes and nodding over to Thor, who was happily braiding Bruce’s strands of hair. “Also, Thor’s banned from actually leaving the building at all during school hours after they caught him doing his work up a tree rather than in class, so the quad’s not an option.”
"Why isn't Albert Einstein classified as a nerd?" Bucky asked from the carpet.
“Come?” Steve murmured, cocking his head.
“Let’s go to my lab,” Reed walked forward, slowly, nodding his head solemnly over to Susan who was now stood somewhere behind Steve, watching them both with sorrowful eyes, “it will be easier for me to explain things there.” He settled a hand gently on Steve’s arm and attempted a smile. It didn’t work.
Sighing, he drained the contents in one and then crumpled the cup, dropping it on the floor. He was fucking tiny, so hopefully that would work pretty fast and loosen him up. He just wanted to have fun- he hadn’t felt that sensation in a very long time.
Steve sighed. “You know, there’s really not much difference between our school and this one. I bet you a hundred bucks there will be the same groups, the same sort of teachers, and the same assholes as there always are. It’s a universal constant.”
that he was a threat, obviously, that hadn’t been what he’d…
Tony, admittedly, didn’t even think he was being serious at first. He frowned and then dropped his bags at the door, before remembering Steve’s sharp words about cleanliness and picking them up again. “Oh God, what have I done this time?” he said with an exaggerated roll of his eyes as he wandered into Steve’s space and looked around the room.
Steve stared at him for a fraction of a second, and then he turned away, mind already on other things, more important things. He looked for Tony in the screaming crowds.
“Ah,” Peggy said, “that’s not good.” She paused, and then added, “you want me to go and smack Bucky across the back of the head again?”
Bruce didn’t actually say anything—he just glared a hole through the wall, chest moving up and down as he breathed heavily. For the first time, Steve saw the temper that Tony had warned him of once—almost powerful enough to equal Steve’s own just then, which was saying something. He’d taken out that guy like it was nothing, which was the last thing he’d ever expected from someone like Bruce Banner.
He looked with wide eyes at the oncoming concrete, hands going out to try and blast the repulsors to life, but at that moment his head throbbed in total, blinding agony and he could hardly even see, let alone goddamn work the thing out. He yelled in panic, limbs flailing out as he propelled into the tower at a speed faster than your average sports car. The impact when he hit the roof was blunt and brutal, and he gasped in pain, feeling the floor concave under the armour’s weight. He couldn’t even remember how to land properly, or break his fall.
“Steve?” and suddenly Tony was
Tony didn’t say anything to that. Steve thought maybe that had been too much. Hell, for all he knew Tony had long since moved on. It had been a year, and Tony didn’t exactly have a shortage of people falling at his feet. He should have played the ‘One for the road’ angle rather than the ‘I never got over you’ angle, dammit—
Like all good things, eventually their little soiree had to come to an end, and at the end of the week they were packing all their stuff up and heading back to the tower once more. Steve, because he was an asshole, made them get up at the asscrack of dawn in order to arrive back home in good time, and after some gentle attempts at getting Tony to move out of bed of his own accord, Steve eventually ended up hauling Tony from the mattress and then carrying him out to the Jeep, bedsheets and all.
He breathed in again, this time through his mouth. In his mind’s eye, he could still see Tony. In his mind’s eye, Howard had followed through with his threat.
with that knee.
Tony made another pained sound as Steve coughed on another sob, and his fingers gently stroked down Steve’s cheeks, wiping the tears from his face and smiling. “See, Steve- the great thing is- the people who mean the most to you?”
, really.
_____
Tony said, more angrily this time as he spun around and clumsily buttoned up his shirt. His fingers were shaking. “No, you… God, he was so close. He was so… God, fuck,
He turned back, wandering over to the ship he’d started out next to, where Tony was still working. “How’s it going?”
“I’d still be trying to evade the military at every corner,” Bruce piped up, “it was your team of lawyers that managed to get them to back off. You gave me freedom and peace of mind. I feel like I never really thanked you enough for that.”
“What the hell is your problem? This is
“He’s alright,” Steve told him quietly, nodding at Clint as the boy leaned backward and raised a concerned eyebrow in his direction, “it was—last night was bad. He wasn’t in a good way. But me and Thor patched him up best we could—”
Steve was carefully stood on the other side of the room, hands in his pockets as he plastered himself up at the wall and looked numbly at the wall parallel to Tony. “Sorry,” he said again, quiet, “I’ll—next time, I’ll remember.”
He debated begging. Debated a lot of things, in those few seconds. The woman was glaring at him as if she held all the cards- which, he figured, she did- and Steve looked down at the floor as he swallowed and licked his tongue over cracked lips.
Sitting up jerkily and ignoring the irritating tug of the IV on his arm, he looked down at Tony. “Do you still want to marry me,” he breathed, voice soft. Tony sat up too, slower than him, a little more nervous as he glanced up and down again. “Is that… did you mean it? Truly?”
God, he should have just stayed at home.
So Tony had slid them on without a second thought and then trundled downstairs, pretty much still asleep. Mornings, especially early ones like this one, were most definitely not his forte.
“You don’t even know me,” Steve said with a small frown.
Whatever- he was just glad he was done for the week.
Including, apparently, Steve.
“Thank you— wait, woah, I’m not cute!” Tony leaned back, frowning deeply as he pointed at the ears Steve had slid onto his head earlier. “I am hot, I am
The following few days were spent in a blur of dates, quiet nights in and stolen kisses, Tony’s smile at the forefront of Steve’s mind for pretty much every moment of it. Steve knew that it was Tony’s way of trying to make it up to him for the kind of disastrous date of earlier, and as much as he tried to tell Tony that it was okay, it had just been a misunderstanding, Tony seemed not to hear it. He was excellent at selective hearing, as Steve was finding out; although he’d had to put his foot down when Tony had tried to invite him along to a night spent with all the friends that they’d both met on the street that one time. Tony had seemed desperate to try and prove that it hadn’t been shame that had motivated him, but Steve refused to put that risk on Tony’s shoulders. Those were the friends that made life more difficult for Steve, and he wanted no part in making that any worse.
Steve watched Tony begin to step forward, raising his hand in fury- but before he even knew it, Steve was there, planting his own body in front of Tony and bracing against the chest that knocked into him in an attempt to reach the other guy. Tony's hand curled quickly around the fabric of Steve's shirt, ready to just shove him off without thinking about it, but Steve held firm. He was good at that. "Tony, seriously, you're only gonna get into more shit if you start a fight with him here," Steve spoke quickly up at Tony, ignoring the confused whispers of the growing crowd around him, "if he's done something real bad, just wait until after school, at least. But you've already got fifty cameras on you. They see you taking the first swing and no amount of lawyers are gonna be able to save you from the court case."
, something that permanent, was unbearably hot.
Wordlessly, Steve found his waist and pulled him in close, Tony instinctively tucking his hands up between their chests in the same way he’d always done each time they’d embraced for the past two years. He felt Steve brush his lips across Tony’s hair and inhale again, shaky and relieved at the sense of familiarity.
Of course, though, there was the other side of the coin. Littered throughout his notifications were messages after messages—enquiries from reporters asking for a statement, mentions on twitter about his ‘poor name being dragged through the mud’ by that
“Stop apologizing,” Steve told him, kissing his cheek softly, “it was a panic response to a bad situation.” He paused, biting his lip a little. “I think it’s something that we do need to talk about, though.”
But when he tried to close his eyes a second later, the sound of the man’s distant screaming filled his ears once more, coming back to him like a horrible record stuck on repeat.
He didn’t finish whatever it was that he’d been going to say because Steve had jumped to his feet, posture coiled, tense, knees bent. His hands curled and lifted away from his sides, just a fraction. Tony stopped moving.
It was okay.
“Tony,” Steve mumbled- and by that point, the light had disappeared from the room and the world was in darkness, evening falling like a blanket over the hospital where Steve was being kept for observation, “Tony, sweetheart, go to sleep.”
The rest of the week was… not good.
Okay… maybe Tony had a
Steve laughed louder this time, and he looked down at Tony, who was still staring avidly above them.
. 3:42 pm.”
“Uhh,” Steve stumbled, and Tony watched his face burn crimson as he looked down at his shoes in mortification, “I… I- I don’t- I mean… I was just… I’m-”
Steve wanted to say, but he held his tongue and just focused on a little bit of Tony’s hair instead, curling upward awkwardly away from the direction of the rest of his strands. It was cute. He twirled his finger through it and tried not to think too hard about the millions of people who would have watched that video of his boyfriend when he wasn’t even out of his goddamn teens.
Tony slowly looks up and met Steve’s eyes. “ I just… want people to care, Steve. They don’… they don’ care, not really. You care, because y’r team leader ‘n’ you gotta care. My love has always been paid for, y’see, Stevie. Always.” He laughed, shutting his eyes and allowing himself the guilty pleasure of Steve’s hands on his face, just for a second.
Bucky huffed, and Tony watched his body relax a little as he stepped forward. “Tasha told me you got mind-mushed,” he continued, waving Steve away when the man shot him a glare, “Oh give it up, Stevie, he knows what’s happenin.”
Hours later, and Steve is fast asleep.
Later that night, though, Steve came back and apologised. Of course he did. Just a bad day, Tony figured. A blip.
Steve breathed hard, glaring at Bucky from over Sam’s shoulder. His cheeks felt hot and he wiped the angry tears off his face; the proof of too many emotions boiling their way to the surface all at once.
Tony opened his mouth and then grinned. “Yep,” he said with an enthusiastic nod, “yep, I am… one hundred percent. Sorry about Thor, by the way. He likes to pick up strays. Makes him feel useful.”
“Steve?” He blinked, realising that Clint had asked him a question. When it became clear he hadn’t been listening, Clint repeated, “What are we doing? Going up or going down?”
“I know bud,” Bruce was patting his hair softly, “I know, and he’s looking for you as we speak, I promise. He can’t have gotten far. Him and Thor and Clint are on their way, and then we’ll get you to a hospital and it’ll all be fine.”
He knew that Tony wasn’t lying. Even Steve, with his self-worth issues about five miles wide, knew that Tony wasn’t lying.
“Seev!”
Tony just laughed, pulling them both forward. “Eloquent."
Tony hadn’t been so lucky, Steve found out when he awoke. Tony was baseline human, but his saving grace had been the suit, which again, had absorbed as much of the power as it could and then expended it before it could cause damage. There had still been a massive concentration of heat and power though, and most of it had been centred around Tony’s arm.
“I’ve got a lot of ties,” Tony responded, “I think I can let him have this one.”
“Okay, good.” He grabbed a glass of water from the table and then curled it into Tony’s hand. “Make sure you drink lots of fluids. Just—just stay relaxed today, alright? You need to let your body heal.”
from Thor to
me. Just saying— Dads are a universal disappointment. I know what it feels like to never be enough.” Steve watched the dark set of eyes meet Thor’s light ones from the couch, before Loki quickly turned away, shoving his hands into his pockets nonchalantly. “Anyway, you’ve picked me off the sidewalk more than once, so I probably owe you one.”
“You need to have words with your fucking friends, Rogers,” Rhodey gritted, looking across at him, “or I will.”
“No no, I didn’t mean-“ Peter huffed and rolled his eyes, and although Steve never ever would, he could see why the kid ended up getting beat up by the bigger kids so often. “Listen. Just… don’t give up on him. Whatever he said, it's bull. He's fronting to stop you getting hurt, to stop
He didn’t bother knocking as he burst through into Principal Fury’s office, and as soon as he saw his boyfriend sat sullenly in the chair he marched straight over to him. “Tony, you have to go back and tell him you didn’t mean it,” he said desperately, “you have to or he’s going to- you can’t let him do that, you just can’t.”
Tony sighed, running a hand across his tired face. He needed a shower. And a caffeine hit. And a vacation. “JARVIS, is there anyone in the kitchen who we can harass into making me coffee?”
Another round of looks flew around the room, these ones a tad more uncomfortable. No one particularly fancied the responsibility of that, and kids were known to be...
Out of nowhere, his therapist’s words rung out in his ears; a distant echo from earlier that day.
They were too late.
“I know. But someone’s gotta set an good impression on this team,” Steve grinned tiredly back at him, before turning out of the door and moving to his room to start on the report.
From what Tony could work out, they must have been waiting for Steve to turn up at the compound and then ambushed him upon arrival, taking him hostage as opposed to killing him in an attempt to create The Winter Soldier 2.0. They must have removed his suit then, in order to… to begin their tests. But obviously, they’d underestimated Steve’s stubbornness and strength, because he must have broken out and—well.
Thor came back at that point, his footsteps loud on the wooden floorboards. “I’m making food,” he said, “and the rest of the guys are coming over in an hour or two. Tony, do you know when Rhodey and Pepper are supposed to be coming in?”
_____
,  with a name, and an agenda, and… God, Tony, who
“Why?”
“You do that,” Steve muttered to no one in particular, kicking a stray sock across the room and then throwing himself back down face-first onto the bed.
“I have to-“ Steve jerked a thumb behind him and then laughed nervously, and Tony seemed to snap out of it at the same time as him, because he nodded a little nervously and then rammed the helmet back on his head. He didn’t quite hide the red on the back of his neck though.
“Be my guest, Rumlow. But the only reason you’re working this case at all is because of me, so just bear that in mind when you march in there and tell him how you think I don’t deserve my job.” Steve smiled at him and then stepped out of his way, a hand reaching out to the door of the interrogation room itself. Rumlow watched him coldly, before giving an ugly snort of laughter.
Steve held his head a little higher. “No,” he said to both of them.
So he just waved at Tony as he walked off, watching the other boy grin and wave back- and for a moment he wasn’t the coolest guy in school about to head out for a smoke behind the science block- he was just Tony, the blushing idiot who got tongue-tied when Steve kissed him and always fiddled with his bangs when he got flustered.
Steve followed him; lying back down on the cot and then taking a good, long look over at his best friend. “Are you okay?” He asked quietly.
To be honest, he hadn’t even expected anyone to notice, really- they were just a few clothes, after all. Nothing special. The team used his stuff all the time- what made this different? Nothing, that was what. It wasn’t like Tony… hoarded it, or anything. And he
Reed brought the pen up and uncapped it, then drew a line. “This is the timeline,” he began, “before yesterday. Before it all happened. Of course, in reality, thousands of branches were being made with every decision you took, but that’s irrelevant. We only need to focus on two.” He drew a V shape at the end of the line with an unsteady hand. “The timeline where events conspired to mean that Tony lived,” he pointed to the top diagonal line, “and the timeline we are on, where he died.” He pointed to the bottom.
He tapped his fingers nervously against the table. This was so fucking stupid. He was being so fucking stupid.
-Please, please, please, please, stop. Stop it. Stop hurting him. Please.-
him got to see. It felt like- like the best parts were just for Steve.
Tony glared at him, the theme-song of My Little Pony starting up again in the background. Tony was breathing heavily, mouth open like he was going to say something. But it wouldn’t come, and so he settled for looking away and stepping back. “I’m gonna go put Maria to bed,” he said blankly, clearly finished with this conversation as he turned away, “don’t wait up for me.”
Walking forward another step, he peered closer in at the person sitting in the car, just to check as to whether or not it was really Bucky. That, of course, alerted the boy’s attention, because suddenly he was getting a familiar shit-eating grin thrown his way and the window was being wound down, revealing a definitely-Bucky face.
At that, Steve couldn’t help but smile sadly down at Tony, who he noticed had ended up half-curled around Steve, head still down by his shoulder. “Oh, Tony- I watched my mother waste away over a 12 month period and there was not a damn thing I could do to help her. Believe me; I know a hell of a lot about all the self blame bullshit.”
Tony just looked at him sceptically. His face was still pale and washed out, and he looked dead on his feet by that point. They’d only ended up being able to nap for about ten or fifteen minutes, in the end. Tony was still running on almost no sleep. Steve looked over to the boy’s bike on the road with a small frown. He didn’t like the thought of Tony riding like that, and- “wait, Tony, where is your helmet?”
But Fury shook his head. “No,” he responded with a clipped voice, “but after this conversation, you might wish he was.”
There was a moment of quiet, where Tony simply looked down at him and ran his tongue across his lips while a billion different emotions crossed over his face. His eyes were shining like crystals in the sunlight, and his hair stuck up in places where Steve had grabbed it.
Tony’s mansion was… definitely something. As Steve stumbled in, he noticed a lot of things immediately. The security, for one thing, seemed to be pretty high-quality. Sleek black panels- probably interfaces of some sort- were fitted at the side of every door, undoubtedly able to lock and unlock them at will. The interior was modern and new, and although Steve couldn’t see them, he didn’t doubt he was being watched by a camera somewhere. The last thing Tony would want was to be caught out by someone snooping in his drawers.
Tony huffed sulkily, still glaring at the corner. “JARVIS is a menace and I’m going to detox his code tonight,” he wagged a finger in the air before turning to Steve, face softening automatically, “but I agree. We should go eat.”
She was hanging off his arm, laughing at something he’d said, and he was grinning back down at her as they leaned against the windowsill and let everyone pass them by. She was close- way too close, in Steve’s opinion- and her hair kept… kept
Steve should have made him leave. Should have tried harder to get him to just go. Fuck, he should never have gotten confrontational with Stone in the fucking first place, he’d
So he smiled, and he shut his eyes, and he said, “Me too.”
And then, at 10, he woke up.
spill his guts. What exactly did he have to lose? “I was such an asshole to you,” Steve mumbled quietly, shutting his eyes as he took himself back to last year, back when everything had been so dark and the pain had been never-ending. “Toward the end, when Peggy…when she died. You tried to help and I just pushed and pushed—”
“Mr Rogers,” JARVIS began, “considering your mental state currently, I very much doubt that’s a good—”
Oh God, please, please let them be alive.
He looked down just as Tony walked back into the main corridor, shoving his arm through the sleeve of his standard leather jacket. Again, Steve briefly cursed the unfairness of the world, because Tony’s hair hadn’t been touched since coming out of the shower and yet it seemed to have dried perfectly, as always. Maybe he was just biased, though- it was difficult to tell these days.
“-Then I don’t care,” Steve mumbled, rolling his body so that he was draped entirely over Tony. He kept his head tucked into the warm body next to him, mouth moving down to Tony’s neck and over to his sternum as his hands lifted to Tony’s wrists, essentially pinning him down to the bed.
With a sigh, he opened his eyes again and tried to take in a full breath, feeling the cold slip in through to his bones as he sat up and edged out of Steve’s hold. His body ached from exhaustion that sat deep inside him, but he was used to it, and he pushed it away while he shuffled over to the bathroom and splashed cold water across his face, checking the weather report as he did so. He had an appointment scheduled with marketing for 10:15, supposedly only taking twenty minutes for reshoots, but Tony knew it was bullshit. Those guys loved to get as much footage of his face as they could wrangle from him, so it’d probably be more like an hour. That was going to cut into his time at the office, so he probably wouldn’t even make much of a dent in all the paperwork he had left over from last night. Pepper was gonna be pissed.
Tony’s arms wrapped immediately around Steve’s neck and he grinned lewdly over to Clint, who pulled another face.
He cut himself off with a shake of his head, and then tried to hold back his grin when he caught Steve still stifling his own laughter behind a hand. “You’re an idiot and I hate you,” Tony told him, folding his arms.
Steve’s eyes widened and he spluttered, then watched Sam look up briefly, waving his phone. “Nat’s question, not mine.”
He felt the familiar flipping sensation in the pit of his stomach, and warmth pooled inside him.
There was a pause, and Clint's hands stopped moving. "Huh," he said, shrugging, "then it looks like I'm involved in some sort of prostitution ring, then."
“That alright?” He asked.
“Tony, stop squirming,” Natasha called out from the middle of the room, pointing a finger at Rhodey. “Rhodey, please stop him squirming.”
“He pushed me off the bed and I hit my nose,” he said quietly, “it looked real bad. But he didn’t… as soon as Howard left, he just pushed me back under and told me to wait there. For three hours. I was bleeding all over the place, I was asking to talk about it, but he wouldn’t. Just walked off.”
you’re not sleeping at night, you’re all jittery and stuff- I feel like you’re possessed by a demon or someth-”
Shuffling with a sleepy grunt, he shifted his head and then laid it back on the pillow so he was facing the other way.
Steve looked around at them all- at Sam and Bucky and Natasha and Clint, at Peggy and- Jesus, even
Bucky said nothing. His brow was set in a deep frown, and his jaw a sharp line of tension. Wordlessly, he pulled up one of the front compartments of the car and then handed Steve a few tissues. He took them gratefully.
“None of us celebrate Halloween,” he said bluntly, “and none of us want to, okay? It’s a shitty, shallow celebration that doesn’t mean anything. We’ll come over if it’s just a normal gathering, but we’re not… we don’t do that.”
A pair of hands pulled Steve’s away from the buckles he was working on, and in only a few seconds, he felt the release as Tony undid them. After that, he tugged it off Steve’s head entirely; leaving Steve blinking in the streetlight. His hair probably looked as if he’d been dragged across a football field.
Steve pressed two fingers against his face, feeling the bandaid that now covered the injured section of his forehead. Tony sat back a little, looking everywhere but Steve.
“Baby,” Steve began, leaning forward and resting his hands on Tony’s lap to steady himself, “you’re… real swell, you know that?”
“I don’t know- I don’t know if he even
Tony felt something cold settle in his gut as they talked amicably around him. Something bitter. They’d brought War Machine in- as they goddamn should’ve, obviously- and hadn’t missed Tony. And Rhodey… Rhodey was probably a better Iron Man than he was anyway. He followed the rules and knew the right plays and he didn’t piss around on the comms. Steve would probably appreciate that. If Rhodey stayed on while Tony was off, they were all probably going to realise how irritating working with Tony really was.
Unfortunately, Steve is pretty adamant that he’s going to be a gentleman or whatever, because he takes a deep breath and steels himself before pushing Tony off again, not letting go of him exactly, but enough to mean Tony can no longer reach Steve’s mouth.
Tony sighed irritably, but his anger was beginning to be clouded with something more similar to worry now, and
Steve just squinted. “I… I mean, I thought. You know. You would be getting outta here… without me. Eye for an eye, and all that.”
It was heavy stuff. Sickening, heavy stuff.
Two shrugs and a noncommitted grunt this time. “Hundred?” Natasha guessed, “Maybe more.”
They regarded each other for one more moment, Steve doing nothing but stare—and then suddenly Tony kicked his thrusters into gear, propelling himself across the room and straight out of the reinforced window without a word. The glass exploded like it was nothing more than tissue paper, and in the time it took for the shards to clatter to the floor, Tony was a hundred feet into the air, propelling himself over to what Steve could only guess was Santa Barbara. He disappeared into the early morning sunrise with a whirr of engines and a flash of blue light.
And now, here they all were. Five Avengers in their pajamas, all staring in disbelief at the small baby boy in his arms, sleeping soundly.
The night was getting cooler as he finally got home, and he pulled his jacket tighter in on himself, kicking open the door with a heavy boot and then slipping in. Sam heard the door shut, and his head peeked out from the living room, slightly confused. “Steve? What are you doing back so early? Thought you were with Tony?”
“Good evening,” he said softly, “how are you feeling, Tony?”
“Guys, you were
Steve looked at him, and Tony looked right back. Locked in a staring match that was intense enough to have been a physical embrace, he allowed himself to just stare. Again- social etiquette really didn’t mean much anymore, so who the hell cared?
“It’s better this way,” Tony said softly, and Steve turned his head, looking behind him and over to Tony who was staring at his own jacket and nodding slightly, “he was right. I shouldn’t have… yeah. My mistake.” Tony looked away, pursing his lips.
Tony paused, and then thankfully smiled a little. “I like the farm,” he said, “it was a good choice.”
Steve watched them go helplessly. Tony looked at him one more time; a red mark beginning to fade in on his forehead from where it had hit the gravel, and then he sighed, turning away with a shake of his head. He shrugged Rhodey’s arm off and said a few quiet words into the other boy’s ear, before beginning to march off down the drive and over to his bike. His hands came out of his pocket and pulled out a small hip flask, and then Steve could only look on in despair as Tony chugged half of it in one and then slid onto the seat.
There were just so many parts to him that Steve wanted to know about. The intellect, for one thing. The large house that had no one in it but Tony. The drink and the drugs and the lifestyle that never seemed to match up to the boy Steve knew when he was speaking to him one on one. The fact that Tony was the most popular guy in school, and yet Steve only ever got the feeling that he was overwhelmingly
Steve turned and looked at him from over his shoulder, watching Tony’s eyes begin to slide shut as his head fell back onto the pillow.
Tony’s brief moment of panic passed slowly, and the wide eyes turned to rolling ones as he sighed and gave Steve a gentle shove. “Fuck, Rogers, I thought I’d just read the entirety of the last 24 hours completely wrong, don’t do that shit to me, I’m old, I’ve got a bad heart-“
He was so stupid. And now everything was at risk of falling apart because of it.
Silence filled the room, Steve looking at Tony in horror, Tony staring right back, mouth pursed into a thin line. His hands were fisted on the table, knuckles white, straining. “Course, the media saw me flying in and out, saw the explosion, put two and two together,” he continued after a moment, sniffing briefly and shrugging a shoulder, “I became the world’s number one bad-guy, and my image was forever tainted. Worked better that way, though. Easier to excuse my seemingly random attacks on government facilities.” He raised an eyebrow to Steve, waving the hand shackled to the table. “Believe me?” He asked.
Steve sighed, beginning to take a few tentative steps forward and trying not to crush various objects that littered the floor. “Honey, how long has it been since you got a good rest?”
Steve could still feel that his hands were shaking, could still taste the imaginary blood at the back of his throat if he concentrated too hard, and just recalling the events of the last day, remembering what had happened- what
go upstairs and grab Peter so Clint can help Thor take out the other LMD, alright?”
“Natasha,” Steve said in a somewhat more nasally voice as he moved back to the subject at hand, “what do you think’s going on here?”
Tony knew about his life. He knew what Steve did, because he had to. And honestly- Steve had gotten in fights with 90% chance of mortality; he’d brawled with the best and been put through the worst and most horrifying that the underworld of New York had to offer- but to this day, the most terrifying thing Steve had ever done was admit to Tony about the life he led. The prospect of losing him had been overwhelming, it had sent Steve into a panic- he’d put it off for months in his fear of the response. But when he finally, finally managed to tell him the truth, Tony had barely even batted an eye.
Steve watched Tony as he bit his lip and looked down a little- and really, it should have been feeling more awkward than it was; Steve was a fumbling beginner at best, with no experience prior to this moment- and yet it was obvious even to him that Tony was… Tony was gone. Tony was gazing at him with the sunlight in his eyes, and he was so beautiful, so very beautiful, yet he seemed to only want Steve. All the choice in the world, and he only wanted Steve.
Mrs Wilson looked over to him, glancing down at her phone and seeing Tony’s contact. Her lips pursed, just a little. “So I take it that Tony boy was involved too?” She asked.
He stopped, squinting up at the two towering figures on his doorstep. One was James- wait, Rhodey, that’s what Tony had called him- and another was… unknown.
He floated, for a few happy seconds, in a place where nothing was burning. Where his world was a calm gentle ocean, and he was sat next to Tony, Maria on his lap. He smiled at both of them, and tried to remember what it was that he was missing.
the last word was spat with such disgust, and JARVIS’ audio picked up his feet as they clacked down the hall, got closer.
He scoffed at himself in disgust. Whatever it was he was feeling, God only knew how Tony was coping. Steve didn’t deserve to think about himself. He didn’t fucking matter here. What mattered was the person lying in a hospital bed because of him; a person who had put their faith into Steve, and who Steve had broken and ruined because of that.
It was Iron Man. In the flesh.
“I should think so, Sir. Without me, there would be very few people there to ask you to eat breakfast at an appropriate time.”
“Yeah,” he agreed, “and you love me.”
Picking out one of his favourite ones- a selfie of him and Steve sat in his armchair, curled into one another and smiling tiredly into the camera- he cropped the image and then posted it up on his Instagram, tagging Steve in the corner and captioning it with a simple love heart. He didn’t have that many followers, but he got a buzz almost immediately to show Steve had responded to it; a self-deprecating comment about the crookedness of his smile, and then an extra comment about how pretty Tony looked. After a quick check to snapchat, he saw that Steve had not responded to any of the group’s conversation over there. But he’d answered Tony’s.
Tony thought he was a mistake.
Steve always said he found Tony in his workshop a thing of beauty. But Tony never realised quite how enthralling it would be to see Steve in his equivalent. With paint covering his arms and hair and clothes in the same way grease tended to cover Tony’s. The spark of light in his eye, the passion that pretty much radiated out of him.
The door pushed open with a small creaking sound, but Tony didn’t turn to look at him as he stepped in. The room was too quiet; the lack of sound like an oppressive shroud. Steve felt as if he couldn’t breathe through it. He stepped a few more paces further into the room, and still Tony didn’t look at him. He knew he had to say something, but he wasn’t sure what. What the hell could make any of this palatable? Steve had been talking out of his ass when he’d told Rumlow that Tony might be more open to conversing with Steve. Tony would hate him now. Viscerally. And Steve couldn’t even blame him.
By the time he had the improved model ready to send back to R&D, afternoon had come and gone and his mind was less frantic, having spent so long streamlining it into one project. This was why he loved his job. It was so easy to become a part of the process; another cog in the mechanism that made the whole world turn. He always took a moment, before sending something out or showing it to the masses, to be grateful for the fact that he was able to do this. Flipping the phone over in his hands a few times, Tony eventually glanced upward. “Tell Pep it’s ready for stage three finalisation,” he declared to JARVIS, his ever-omniscient listener. “Then ask her to take a picture of her happy and unendingly grateful face for me, so I can feel extra validated.”
Steve looked at him then- shame evident in his eyes as he said “You,”
They had been for at least a week now. Peter was used to the occasional blowup for a night, maybe two, before they got all stupidly sappy with one another again.
It wasn’t. It was just... nothing. Fine. They’d be fine.
Tony waved him off. “I practically live here, the guys who run it consider me their son. Or annoying cousin, possibly. It’s fine. Ah- there they are!” He yelled, hefting up a box onto the counter and then gesturing for Steve to come over.
Clint said, betrayed. “You think I’d ever rat you out?”
creepy considering they’d never actually shared anything more than a smile through a window, but damn- Steve had never seen anyone move like that before in his life. Never had he laid eyes on anyone who could flow around a room like he was made of liquid; every position perfect and wonderful and
Steve heard Tony clear his throat, try and say something. But nothing came out except for a little choking sound, as Tony finally seemed to let go of that brave exterior he’d been clinging to—something he’d needed Rhodey to be there for him to do it. Rhodey kissed his cheek and squeezed his shoulder. “Let it out, buddy,” he soothed, rocking Tony gently, “just get it out, it’s okay.”
“You’re only jealous,” the second guy said with a sneer, and Steve laughed out at him blindly but the first guy pulled him back, opening him up for a bodyshot to his ribs that definitely made something crack, “we see the way you look at Tony. You’re obsessed with him. You got Rogers + Stark written on your notebooks, huh?”
Two: He needed to try and fix this before it got too out of hand and he managed to lose Steve for good. The thought of that was unimaginable and he could not let that happen.
Tony looked down, cocking his head and trying to see a resemblance. The child had a thick head of hair already, curly and wild and chocolate brown. His nose was button-like, different to Clint's wonky potato one. Then again, he supposed it had been broken so many times that no one could know what it had looked like at the beginning. "It might not be a son," he tried, "nephew? Third cousin twice-removed?"
“Is it problem I can help with?” He asked, knowing that it wasn’t- Steve’s problems rarely were.
“BUCKY!” Steve yelled in fury, slamming his hands into the boy’s chest again, “Bucky, For the love of Christ,
“He does,” she told him, and her voice was uncharacteristically gentle, “as soon as we told him what had happened, he wanted to see you. To check on you.”
“Hey guys,” he said airily, hand inconspicuously tugging Steve back a step or two, “what’re you doing here?”
There was a pause. A second longer than there should normally be, where he felt Steve’s throat work silently and his hands twitch in the silence. Tony’s heart lurched. But then- “I love you too.”
Eventually, Bruce just shrugged. “We used to share classes,” he said, and Tony nodded in agreement, looking down at his hands.
Today was the fifth day of Peter coming home to see only one of his parents in the kitchen, where there should usually be two. They tended to hang around, waiting for him in order to ambush him and ask questions about his day. Their latest fad was
Clint paled, turning to Steve and then trying to push the crying baby toward him. "I'm begging you, don't do this. I'm barely an adult myself. I haven't eaten a vegetable in three weeks."
The video cut out, and immediately left a sour taste at the back of Tony’s throat. He assumed, when Lewinsky said ‘test subject’ and ‘it’, she meant Peter. He tapped his hand against the desk impatiently. “Jay, autoplay the rest. I’ll tell you when to stop.”
Steve just shrugged. “Not most times, no,” he admitted, “but babies are… different, I dunno. I know you can bounce back from some things. But kids?” He shook his head again. “I watched so many babies get whooping cough and never recover. Polio, measles, whatever. I heard them cry every night because they were so hungry and no one had any money to feed ‘em. They need so much help and care, and I don’t—what if I fucked that up?”
the caption read.
!” Mr. Wilson looked at him, aghast, but Steve just shook his head and looked out of the window.
_____
“You can stay the night, can’t you?”
When he broke away, Tony looked slightly dazed, before he blinked and then looked back around to the others. “Pineapple on pizza is man’s greatest sin,” he said with a shrug, “sorry guys.”
“A lot of things you do are hot,” Steve muttered, “damn you”
It was almost a year. A whole year since she’d died. So many things had happened that he wished he could tell her- things about school, about Tony, about himself. He’d grown almost two inches and his hair was a little longer, and he’d learned how to make Lasagne and play ‘Mary had a little lamb’ on the piano.
Some things could kill him. It was more difficult, but he wasn’t undefeatable. If Tony had wanted to, he probably could have killed Steve easily. Should’ve done, as soon as Steve put a fucking hand on him.
Thanos and Thor’s arms both locked, caught in a wrestle between one another, and without question Steve leaped into the fray, clambering onto the alien’s back and pressing Thor’s hammer as tightly into his throat as it would go.
if you catch my drift.” His thumb pressed down on the trigger he had in his hand, and a second later, Tony heard a high-pitched beeping that started slow, and then rapidly began progressing in speed. Tony was aware enough to realise that it was on the back of his armour. The fucking speedsters must have put it there as they’d shoved him out of the way.
When he woke up and saw the date- December 1
He looked out of the window into the halls, mind drifting as it usually did when he was stuck in a classroom for too long. He thought about his art for a moment- allowed himself the guilty fantasy of one day having his own work up there, just like Tony had told him. If life wasn’t so fucking difficult to get a foothold on, and he had enough money to spare, he’d probably have tried to become an artist. He did love it, after all, and his mom had always been so supportive of the dream, no matter how silly it had been.
In hindsight, he could see that. It was painfully obvious. But at the time, he refused to admit it. He pushed Tony away as far as the man would go, unwilling to let him get caught up in Steve’s quickly-spiralling world, snapped and screamed at him when he pushed too far. He drank so much that he should have fucking died, honestly. There were days, weeks, even, when he didn’t even come home at all. Whatever dark place he’d ended up in, Tony couldn’t reach him there. And slowly, Tony started to pull back further than Steve had even pushed him. Didn’t try and talk to Steve. Didn’t search him out. They lived in a house together and in their worst point, probably only saw one another about twice in a month. Tony threw himself into his work instead, spending night after night hunched over books and accounts with a deep frown etched into his face, eyes tired and pale. Steve would have used to tell him to rest. But he’d come back different, and there was nothing left in him that felt as if it could care. When they weren’t ignoring one another they were fighting; both of them drinking too much to be able to resolve it properly, both too emotional to be objective. They stopped making up and just started letting it fester.
