“I never noticed clouds before, Dean.”
of these, ya big glutton.” He slid the cup over.
.” He dropped his hand and leaned back a little, eyebrow cocked and mouth twitching with a small smirk. “Thirteen years ago you said you'd
He got ready for bed slowly – changing into his sleep shirt and sweat pants with his back to Dean so he didn't have to be seen with naked breasts – and replayed the enjoyable parts of the evening in his head: the jokes he got, the jokes he didn't get but no one seemed to mind, the food and wine, Dean's little smiles and touches, Sam's enthusiasm, Ellen's earthy humor. He smiled as he remembered Sam laughing at one of Dean's cornier jokes, Dean's eyes lighting up at the sound. Amelia had looked across at Castiel and smiled, and Castiel had smiled back, the unspoken “boys” hanging in the air between them. Castiel was so lucky to have this family, he knew; it was a family almost entirely of choice, not blood and, he thought, all the stronger because of it.
Dean lay back on the bed. It was the one Kelly had died in, the one Jack had been born in, he supposed. He tried to think of them, to feel sorrow for the one’s death or anger for the other’s birth. He tried to bring Kelly’s face to his mind, her wide green eyes, her sometimes shy smile, but he couldn’t. He even tried to picture Jack, fresh-faced and confused, not looking anything like the son of Satan, damn him. But all he saw was light. Blue-white light streaming, pouring
Castiel is not looking at him, but at something over Dean’s shoulder. “There,” he says. His voice is oddly flat.
see?” she said slowly. “Your boobs.”
“Were you?” Sam asks in the small silence that follows.
Dean shrugs with one shoulder.  “Or maybe we’ll eventually get somewhere else.” He looks at all the nothing around them. “It’s not like there’s much else to do.”
Castiel kissed him, feeling better now than he had all day. This was love: a shared life and all the memories and in-jokes and experiences that went with it. Everything else was extra. “You
he thought hysterically. He sucked in a deep breath and looked straight into his friend's questioning eyes. “Charlie,” he said, and every muscle in his body seemed clenched, “I – I'm not a girl.”
“G'night, babe,” Dean said as he curled up to Castiel in under the blankets, kissing him gently.
to be happy, too, I just want to make sure you don't neglect yourself and your own needs. Like if you need to talk to 'someone' who is not me.” He smiled a little and stroked Dean's arm. “No Winchester martyrs here, love,” he murmured.
, I couldn't turn my fucking brain off. I guess that's what happens when your world turns inside out.
He opened the box with his penknife and pulled out his dictionaries and references books and began arranging them on the shelves above the desk. In the background he could hear the movers leaving the kitchen, the clatter of someone going back down the stairs. He shrugged. They knew their job; he could direct them as they moved the boxes into the apartment.
hair, and it looks good on you, and Dean is going to love it.” She leaned over and patted his knee. “You'll see. It's going to be
“Right. I'll get it.” Dean gave ice pack duty over to Castiel then hared off down the stairs; it sounded like he was taking them two at a time.
He slept very badly that night, but the next morning, when Dean greeted him with a joke and a kiss and his famous pancakes, Castiel wondered if perhaps it might be best to just accept this new gift, to let Dean be happy and not fret over the past.
“You know how, um, transitioning has changed a lot of things for me? For the better? Like being less anxious in public, feeling more confident, things like that?”
Sam’s eyebrows jump. “
“Hormones would change my
Castiel shook his head. “I think that
Castiel ran a hand through his hair. He was sweating, ugh. “I think we’re perhaps on plan E by now. Or F.”
Dean shrugged. “Bi,” he said. “Which means
He drew a deep breath, and if felt like the first one he'd ever taken. “All right,” he said firmly, amazed and relieved that his voice didn't shake. “This weekend, then. I'll do it.”
Charlie gave him a look that was half exasperation, half pity. “C'mon, Cas!” she said. “You're practically
Dean leaned back slightly, pausing as if weighing his next words carefully. “I mean, you've been different lately. Like something's changed.” He frowned. “Or like you learned something that changed
There is light. There is sound. There is nothing else.
A warm hand landed on his shoulder, and Castiel looked up into confused green eyes. “Cassie?” Dean said. “What? I mean, babe – your
He wondered, in a kind of dazed bemusement, if all these changes meant that the Situation was real, not a dream or a phase. He wondered why that thought didn't worry him more.
Dean clicked his tongue and shot at him with a finger-gun. “Yahtze.”
? Oh wow, Cas . . . I – I'm honored.”
Dean shrugged against him. “Cas, you're just
I happen to know you don't have any food in the house.” His smile turned mischievous, and Castiel couldn't help smiling in return.
“Shit!” a voice said, then there was a warm hand pressing against his own, trying to pry his fingers away. “Hey, buddy, lemme see that.” Dean's voice.
“Damn, you got a lot of shit, Cas.”
” Castiel sputtered.
They ate in silence for a little while, Castiel hunched forward a little, completely absorbed in his plate. After a bit, however, he began to get twitchy, and, looking up under his lashes, he saw that Charlie was regarding him with a calculating look, head tipped a little to one side.
Castiel shrugs. “I don’t know. I don’t know what happened to us, why we two are here, why Sam is not. We could be anywhere.” He frowns. “Well, except Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory, of course.”
Dean was thoughtful for a long moment. “I dunno, Cas. Maybe I . . . well, it
Castiel takes a half step back again, turning his body a little away. His hands hang limply at his sides. “It’s possible, I suppose, but—”
included). Dean leaned against him and kissed his cheek and called him the biggest nerd of all, and everyone laughed, and Castiel felt loved, and he forgot, for an evening, that everyone thought he was a girl.
exes.”
Sam pulls back and gives them both a long, considering look. “Yeah?”
Yeah, I know I'm the one of the luckiest SOBs out there, and that it's not always this easy, but sometimes there
Castiel didn’t remember the last time he’d had this much…fun. Just plain, uncomplicated, hanging-out-with-other-people fun, no awkwardness or drama or trying to figure out who was trying to pick up whom.
Castiel's throat tightened. “No, I'm not,” he whispered.
streak, if ya know what I mean. Standin' up for a girl's honor, protectin' the little guy, that kind of thing. Made him well-acquainted with busted heads.” He looked back towards the apartment door, a small, fond smile on his face. “And a' course he has that baby brother—Sam was kind of a runt when he was little, see, 'fore he turned into a moose, and he was always gettin' picked on. And Dean was always right there, givin' the bullies what-for.”
“Why not?” she replied. “I mean, he'll ask questions, and you can fill him in on the whys and wherefores, but y'know, sometimes simple is best.”
“Oh, for fuck's sake,” Charlie huffed, “you're not
Castiel sighed and buried his face in his hands. This was not going as planned. He had wanted to be brave and forthright and calm. In control. Instead, he was practically semaphoring his nervousness to the entire room. Damn, if he couldn't even tell
“S’not okay,” Dean groaned between eerily silent, wrenching sobs. “Cas’s dead. For real, this time. I
that's happened to me, Dean, it's – it's not because of you and, honestly, it's not about you, either, but it
to. I'm done for the day, don't have any plans otherwise.
Charlie pulled back and made a face as she flexed one slender arm. “I didn't get these guns coding, dude. There's some serious Moondor training behind these rippling pectorals.”
Dean feels like someone’s just punched him in the chest. “What?”
Castiel's life as a newly minted transman. I have a timestamp with Cas coming out to Gabriel, but it's not finished, and I don't know if it ever will be.
Castiel shook himself mentally. “Uh, yes. I-I just got light-headed for a moment. If you could help me to a chair…”
“Ah.”
Dean's eyes lit up as Castiel came down the path from the house, shoving himself up from where he'd been leaning on the Impala to take Castiel in his arms. “You look terrific, Cas,” he beamed. “You know how I love a girl in drag.”
The sounds of the house washed over him, white noise drowning his thoughts, but even through his haze of grief something worried at the back of his mind, something out of place. He raised his head, not just hearing, now, but
for months, but the first thing I really remember is looking in my closet and all my clothes looking like . . .
“You don't
Dean looks at Castiel. “Nowhere,” Castiel says in that grave, slow way he has sometimes.
here?”
Castiel looked down at the ground, his face a mix of emotions, though the smile lingered. “Yes,” he said. “Oh, yes.”
He felt a warm hand on his shoulder. “Castielle,” Charlie said, her voice softer now, “it's okay. You can tell me. It can't be that bad, can it?”
kind of a huge thing, I guess, and it is going kinda fast,” he admitted at last, as if embarrassed that he was showing some sort of weakness. “Maybe it'd be nice to talk to other guys – or girls or whatever – who've been there before. How they handled the changes, how they felt about it, how they've supported their, um, partners.”
Charlie shrugged and pursed her lips. “I dunno, Cas. Maybe you only saw what you thought you should see. Or what Dean thought you should see.”
He drew in a deep breath; Dean stared at him, eyes round and shocked. “I hated denying you,” Castiel continued in a lower voice. “I hated myself. I felt like a failure, both as a wife and a woman, and more than anything I hated my body for being the source of that failure.”
He slows a little, emotion beginning to stir in the blankness of this thoughts. He feels his hands begin to shake, his breath to quicken.
, probably even more so than coming out as gay, at least nowadays, and you're nervous, I get that. I'm not offended.” She squeezed his hands, looking a little sad. “Oh, Castielle, were you afraid of
He suppressed the urge to rub his temples; Dean would ask what was wrong and Castiel couldn't face that right now. He closed his eyes briefly instead and tried to convince himself that he wasn't
more, so much more. But he was spent now, his head light and drowsy from the wine, and he was so tired of talking and thinking and trying to explain the explainable. But there was one more thing, one question that he couldn't put off, no matter how his heart shied away from it.
) and essayed a small smile, watching his reflection as if seeing a new person.
Charlie made a face. “Yeah, but you're
When they drew apart, Dean stroked Castiel’s cheek and smiled a smile unlike any of his previous ones: something soft, neither brash this time, nor uncertain. “Welcome to Lawrence, Castiel Novak,” he said. “I hope you’ll like it here.”
Castiel turns to him. “That is what the sound has been saying, all this time. Too slowly to follow, before, but now that it has sped up some, I’ve been able to decipher the words.” He pauses, and his eyes are troubled. “The message is for you. Do you know what it means?”
. Castiel, not prepared, took an extra step and stumbled, almost falling on top of the thing. “All right, genius,” Dean said as he stared into the room. “Where the hell are we putting this? Your room is armpit deep in boxes!”
Castiel grinned down at the beer mat on the scarred table—an artsy thing for a craft IPA the bar didn’t even sell—and shook his head. “You’re ridiculous,” he said. He looked up again. “Did Sam ever forgive you?”
“Pfft,” Dean said, pulling a twenty out of his own wallet and handing it to Castiel. “Nah, It’s only eight-thirty,” he said. “I don’t go to bed till ten.”
Dean spread his hand over Castiel’s stomach, fingers warm and strong. “So, there
Dean turned and held out a hand to Castiel. “You wanna try for vertical? Not too dizzy?” He smiled, but he wasn't laughing anymore.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Uhura?” he guessed.
Castiel watched Benny, too, and that proved almost as interesting as watching Dean. It was obvious that Benny knew Dean well, and it was
The bright air pulses with sound. Dean is suddenly very, very tired.
up,” Charlie said. She took her hand off Castiel's shoulder, sat back in her seat, and clasped her hands in front of her. “Care to be more, I don't know,
Cas had beamed at him, and Dean had had to look away.
“Yes.” Castiel sounds hesitant.
Castiel, who had been staring at Dean through most his speech like a startled hare, snapped out of his stunned trance and scowled at this last sentence. Oh, for god's sake: only Dean could blame himself for someone else's
caught his foot on a box that had been placed at an angle and stumbled into a different pile, and the top box of that pile shook and teetered, and as they both watched in frozen fascination, it tipped away from them to fall with a loud and satisfying crash on Castiel’s hard oak floors.
someone,” he protested, trying to sound like he was joking.
” Charlie smothered a giggle in her beer. “I mean, I'd never been a fluffy, pink lace kind of girl anyway,” he continued with a little quirk of a smile himself, “but even a tailored shirt with a shaped waist and bust darts seemed too
, Dean?”
He sprints after Castiel’s fleeing form, dwindled to almost nothing in the few short seconds of lead, but, bandy-legged through he is, Dean is
“Sh, sh, little girl,” Dean soothed. “It's okay, babe. I'm right here. I gotcha. I gotcha.”
“Whatcha got there, Cas?” came a voice behind him. Castiel jumped, dropping his
There is a sound. He doesn’t notice it at first, but as he walks anywhere, nowhere, he begins to feel it, coming up through the soles of his feet, thrumming in his chest. It’s music, maybe, but played so low and slow that there is no melody. Or maybe it’s machinery, or the wind, or the ocean. He stops for a moment to listen, but he can’t resolve it. It’s present, like the light: ubiquitous and persistent, suggestive and meaningless.
He lowered his hand to his side, opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling. It was an old house, abandoned. Cracks ran across the white plaster; mold bloomed in billowy shapes where rain had seeped in from a leaky attic. It was a distraction, a way to be awake without images of fire flashing across his vision, a way to not see that shape under the sheet, the still, waxen face briefly revealed and quickly hidden again.
Charlie barely seemed to notice the interruption. “No prob, Cas,” she said, and Castiel could almost see Charlie's sunny grin. “Where d'ya want to meet and when?”
Dean’s body jerks as Castiel’s voice brings him out of whatever dream he’d fallen into. They are still entwined on the ground, wrapped around each other like animals seeking warmth in a storm. Dean tightens his grip on Castiel’s shoulder. “What? Where?” he manages.
the spell that what it’s looking for, is an essence. That’s the most confusing part for me. And your blood, tells the spell which essence specifically”
“Dude, we are not fucking children for you to protect! We fight together, for fuck´s sake!”
But before he could lower his sword on a finishing blow, two clawed paws dug on his sides, ripping down savagely.
As he froze in place and slowly rose his glance towards Dean, he watched the hunter´s façade dissolve. His pained slight wince faded, his falsely innocent eyes got hard and intense. Cas realized that the way he had turned in the bed, had left him in a posture from which he could jump forward at any second. Castiel was stupidly close to him, in a lower position; and as they stared at each other, the mage felt for a moment in the presence of a dangerous animal, tense as a coil and ready to strike.
out of his league. That he had had problems mid-way, that he had feared for his life, and that he had used almost all of his magical talent to go back from a horrid half-transformation state, getting Corrupted enough in the process to have lasting symptoms. And that for such idiocy, he had not gone to his brother- that happened to be an expert in life magic. As if he had almost had a
“W… Why are you naked?!”
“You… thought I´d Fallen?”
“I… yes. They asked me to”, Cas said, a guarded defensive manner to his posture.
Their mother gasped.
“You sure you´re alright?”, Sam asked as they left the dirt track that led to the house and rolled into the pavement of a bigger road.
His brother turned flustered to Jess.
“My baby! My baby!”, screamed a man´s voice.
He tried to keep his forced smile, hoping too much information would not raise any suspicions.
some footprints left almost a week ago are long gone…”
Castiel kept Sam´s gaze, then looked down.
“Ecstatic”, answered Dean, filled with irony.
Castiel advanced one step, head held high, hoping his blush did not undermine his authority.
People had started to see the couple´s reaction, getting closer, asking questions…  when Dean heard something.
He left the quill on the table and passed his hands over his hair, keeping them at the back of it as he closed his eyes for a second, his head sheltered between his arms. He had no idea how was he going to look Dean in the eye the next day.
They boys´s footsteps got even faster as they heard the demon roaring behind them.
. He chuckled to himself about his own joke. He would be fine. He was always fine.
The hunter made half a smile, eyes on the forest.
A pensive silence followed his statement. Dean started to feel like shit for waking her up, shame for being such a pussy whirling in his stomach; and he was already opening his mouth to apologize again and hastily hang up when the girl´s voice came through again:
“Really?”
His towel passed over the curve of his deltoids, which drew a defined shoulder, down to his biceps. With careful movements, he slid a hand behind his elbow to push slightly upwards and slipped the cloth below the laying man ́s left arm. He cleaned the towel again before getting to his forearm, where he knew a bite mark still remained. He had noticed it the first time he had touched the hunter ́s temple, but his abdominal wounds had been more urgent.
“We have to find him”, he protested more strongly.
“Yeah, it´s fine, Cas”, Dean said as he relaxed.
“Really? How?”, the mage asked, standing up.
“Holy crap”, swore Dean, looking him up and down as if it was the first time he saw him.
“Hello, brother”
“Yes… I can try that”, he answered closing his eyes.
Castiel´s shoulders slumped down. He had actually struggled a lot to reach the bluestone, even though it had been so close…
But he froze in place, frowning. He looked at his hand on him, alarm rising inside. He placed his hand more firmly. He took the back of it to his neck, placed its palm on his forehead.
“Wha…?”, he protested as Cas took him from the jaw to look at his open mouth, “Are we done?”, he said when he released it.
“Thank you, Gadreel”, Cas said in a polite smile as he opened and saw the servant with his food tray.
, he thought as his eyes widened slightly.
I know Cas left his trenchcoat in the chair, but it´s Dean´s dream, and that´s how he imagines him dying :)
“Holy hell. I was sure you were gonna eat my face”, Dean said as he slowly shook his head.
“Alright, Dean. If that´s what you really want”, he caved.
“Thank you for your company, my children”, Naomi announced finally, “Please, give me a moment with your two eldest brothers. There are matters that we need to discuss”
and two heads rolled on the floor. He heard hissing by his right and his left hand grabbed a knife in the fraction of a second that took him to locate the threat. The throw was swift- the creature fell to the ground with a thud before the spikes ever shot out.
Something appeared in front of him and he blinked. Dean was offering the waterskin to Cas.
“Come on, Sleeping Beauty, don´t make me princess-carry you”, he grunted.
Castiel pressed his lips and looked away, frowning. Dean sighed and sat on the chair, looking earnestly at him for a second.
Dean smiled back at him.
“I… I don´t know what happened”, he stammered.
“Hmm. That is pretty handy. Good thing you´ve got someone with access to those”, chuckled John.
“We can´t ever lie to you, so why try to find a decent excuse”, Dean stated in a grunt.
, he remembered again; and Cas looked around, heart thumping frantically on his chest. He located another trail of moving ferns going his way and he turned to face it, angel blade tightly gripped on his hand, jaw tense.
“Was he?”
He screamed again as he felt fangs latching on his forearms. A huge weight on four paws crushed his back, making it difficult to breathe, to move away. His leg was still trapped between strong jaws, and agony ran through him as the thing shook its head violently from side to side, ripping skin and muscle. Violent growls filled the air. His heart was hitting double time, terror making his whole body tingle. He tried to concentrate, to do something...!
His eyes flickered hysterically to the presence: it was tossing in pain where it stood, tail writhing, four hands pressed onto its chest, head moving from side to side as it hissed painfully.
He gulped, confusion blinding his mind for a second. He… he´d felt as if someone had been
Dean snorted as he shook his head with incredulity. Cas smiled a bit to himself and looked away. Both men stayed looking upfront for some moments, pensive.
“R… Really…?”, the noble panted, looking up at him.
“How much is too much, Dean?”, Cas whispered intensely.
“Well, you were right about something. We nobles had it much easier sometimes. When the End came… we just had to stay in our homes. Our castles could not be run down by monsters. Then, we had it way easier than common folk”
“Woah!”, the hunter emitted, eyebrows shooting up, “You fixed my liver?”
The hunter was still frowning, eyes shifting as he tried to understand.
“I… hadn´t thought of that”, he mumbled.
“Yeah, a roarer. Lots of noise. Sammy does them for me. Figured it´d call their attention”, Dean said as he got in front of him, but then he frowned as he looked down at him, “You´re hurt?”
“It’s not important…”, Cas started, trying for the issue to be dropped.
“Oh, you´re so mistaken, chuckles”
Dean wobbled at his side, their landing obviously not have been perfect, as Castiel blinked around and registered their surroundings. His heart leaped frantically as he saw the group of giant wolves- possibly the same pack from the other day- shaking their heads and trying to reorient themselves. He made a worried sound on his throat- they were
Dean frowned, annoyed, and looked away from the mage.
“Look at
He took a deep breath. He knew the hunter was pragmatic, and his words made sense: he would not refuse to ask for help if he really needed it, that would only slow them down. Besides, as soon as he felt a bit recuperated, he would heal him.
“Yeah”
, he thought, feeling once again like a moron.
“Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no…”, he groaned, sliding his hands from his face to his hair, hiding behind his arms- shame made him want to curl into a ball.
For some reason that hit home- cause the guy´s face drained in the darkness, lips parting, eyes wide in horror… and guard being slowly lowered.
“Okay, Cas. Okay”, Dean said softly.
“Good evening, Gadreel. I would like you to bring me some food, if that were possible…”
appreciated waking up with him being so close.
The mage smiled gratefully to him and resumed his eating, obviously happy.
Cas took his own finger to the map and drew a diagonal line towards the right, from their position to the rawhead’s nest.
“Shit, you all right?”, said Sam, looking at him in horror.
I´m really happy with how this chapter ended up ^^. Also very important bits of worldbuilding here!!
Dean looked at him wrinkling his nose, as if he found that incredibly strange.
get you out!!!”
But Gabriel… he was the one he felt closer, cherished the most. The one he trusted more, if maybe not enough to tell him about the hunter in his room… But he would definitely go to him with any problem he had. And he knew he would answer. He knew he wanted to protect him, even though he could not always be present.
“I know how stubborn you are… and I don’t intend to put up with it. I´m not even gonna offer you a painless surrender, Kevin. I know you. You´ll refuse, fight, trick… But worry not. I assure you, lad. Two more of these beauties inside of your pretty little skull… and you´ll be singing the tablet jingle to me”, and Crowley looked at the other demon.
She just smiled at him lovingly.
… towards the house.
“Does this have something to do with you being a healer? You said it was your nature”
But his stupid brother had,
Humbling to an angel, holy fucking shit. Dean smiled to himself. It was true that Cas hadn´t had the opportunity of interacting with Jessica since before her pregnancy started, but he hadn´t expected him to be so enthralled by her view. It was kinda moving.
“Looks happy, doesn´t she?”
He raised his head with a grunt to see the thing hissing madly, hands in the air.
“His name was Zachariah”, he answered, looking at his glass too, “War took him. He went crazy. My older brothers had to fight him… and put him down”, the mage continued.
“Not necessarily. It takes some energy and time for me to bind and unbind it, but I can take it with us and plant it whenever we finish”, informed Cas.
I mention again - this was written during SUMMER OF 2020. Do you have *any idea* how long Ive waited to share it with the world?? ... Well, yeah, you know exactly that, but DO YOU KNOW how EAGER I've been about sharing it? :D Ah, I'm so fucking happy- and so eager to know what you think about. Spare some words about the construction of the kingdom's history? :D We will learn more about how the Kingdom works right now in future chapters.
“I… I have to go get the… rangers´ message…”, the noble tentatively said as he got closer to the door, hand reaching blindly for the doorknob.
“You didn´t Fall. You were right”, Dean said with an acknowledging nod.
They had played him, he realized furiously.
“I´m aware”, was his brother´s only response.
“I´m sorry. If I… had been able to make the antidote, probably sooner, but…”, Cas sighed and tried to think, “You´ve had an elixir pretty recently, so another one or a potion won´t make anything go faster. Maybe I can do something with magic to speed it up when I have rested some more… I´m sorry, but I´m not feeling completely recuperated yet. I don’t dare try anything big”
“Excuse me?”
Sam hung up and walked towards Dean, placing himself on the wall beside the door.
“Hey, Bobby”, he said as he walked by the old, retired hunter.
“I was, and I wrapped that up ASAP. Come on”, Dean gave her a cocky smile, “You think I´d miss a day like today?”
Their mother looked at them and sighed as she smiled and shook her head. She knew they were up to something… But she apparently decided to surrender, since she followed them back towards the kitchen.
, he begged internally.
Dean walked to him dreamily, thinking of those cartoons that floated towards something delicious just by following the smell. There were three plates. Of course Sammy wouldn´t cook anything for Cas. One was for Sam, another for Kevin.
As he took a step to move forward, the door suddenly burst out, Dean stumbling in. He recovered his balance almost immediately, head held high, gripping the ends of his shirt and tugging from them to straighten it.
”, Cas closed his eyes and shook his head at that, “Must be a fun crazy nuthouse”
His brother raised his eyebrows at him.
“You know, he said something like that. Like,
A centipede suddenly rose from the ferns and threw itself at Dean. He gave a step back, and at the sudden lack of resistance the vines tugged more forcefully- Dean´s hand slipped from his forearm to his wrist.
And a second later he had slumped into the forest floor, back to the sky.
Bobby told him that if he did it often enough, the not charging per contract thing, word would get around. Everyone would start whining to him, asking not to pay- and it would be his ruin as a hunter. He wanted to believe in the goodness of people, but he knew the world was filled with dicks. Too many people were sons of bitches that would smack their grandma to sell her golden teeth- depending on how much an asshole they were… or how desperate. But… some really needed help. And Dean couldn’t refuse them.
Dean looked at him for a second, sobered, dropping abruptly his acid grin- and apparently realizing for the first time his angry expression. His cheeks were a bit blushed by the alcohol, but he frowned.
“Uh… yeah?”, he blinked confusedly at him.
upon helping another fellow human being; satisfied and proud like with nothing else. He felt grateful he had had the chance, and time enough, to save him. It had felt
, and he was a
Roots hit his knees and chest as he went, fern leaves slapping on his back; as he grunted, as he tried to grab onto something. The tugging, inciting presence he had sensed earlier just grew and grew. Whatever it was holding him slid up his leg and reached for his other one, joining them in a death grip- and in a tussle Castiel was able to turn up.
Yes, pie for breakfast was not something strictly healthy; but Cas had realized Dean had liked it the previous night, and at that moment he was willing to use everything he could to convince the hunter that partnering with him was a good idea.
“I know”, Cas answered with a fond smile, eyes lost in the distance.
“Dean. Dean, stop it”, Sam said weakly from the floor.
Castiel saw his brother tense slightly, not meeting his mother´s gaze, eyes on his plate. Gabriel still had to state if he would join Heaven´s Army as a soldier, or find a spouse and expand the bloodline.
Then Dean sighed and closed his eyes, sliding forward enough so his head could lean on the backrest. He had had enough for one night…
“Come on”, the hunter said as he restarted advancing, “We still haven’t…”
“Hey, hey, hey”, Dean complained, taking his face into his hands to wipe his tears with his thumbs, “Don´t cry, now, come on, it´s not gonna be that bad”
“That’s actually how the security measure was first implemented”, Cas finished explaining.
at some point, and wishing for the family to have their private moment, he had distanced himself a bit and started simply contemplating the sky, as he sometimes did. Dean knew he was alright.
“What are we, kids you need to look after now?”
“Since we had a prophet to save. A
“First things first”, he said, looking at the hounds left; why the hell weren´t there demons anymore?, “How do we get you out of here? Is there a way you can cross it? Even if it hurts like a bitch?”
“Left? What do you mean?”
“Would you like me to perform the ritual again?”, he said in a bit of a bitter voice.
“That´s a good thing”
The hunter glared at him as if he wanted to tell him to go perform some sexual activities with himself, but his eyes turned nervous and longing upon falling over the cauldron.
Fuck. Dean gulped and restlessly shifted his weight between his feet.
The weight of it all fell over him. Just once. He could die again. Dean himself could. Or Sammy. No more demon deals would work. No more free passes at death. For anyone. Ever.
Castiel nodded, knowing already.
“Nyeh... I guess we can let the old man join…”, grunted Dean.
Castiel looked up and to one side, thinking for a second as he started munching on one of those sugary pastries.
“Dean! You didn´t have to! I´m sure you were so busy with the hunt”, she said humbled as she took it, “When did you even…?”
“I… can trade blows with my… training companions”
“Y… Yes?”, Sam said in a doubtful tone, probably worried about if he was being inclusive enough.
But as Castiel’s little ball of light came into existence, the shadows of the leaves and branches changed suddenly. Too fast for those skins to change in time- and so, they became visible.
Dean let out a small laugh.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up right before he burst out with a laugh. Cas couldn’t help but smile a bit as he lowered his eyes and kept on eating.
“Hahaha, I-I saw you from afar, I´d think I´d join…”, he said chuckling, walking briskly the few steps that separated them and stopping beside Cas, putting a hand to his arm, “He´d like that beer. Right, Cas?”
“That hast to be terrifying”, the noble commented worried, “Waiting like that. And in the darkness of a cave”
“The portal´s busted! We can´t go out that way!”, Sam looked at him pale, panic on his features, “Something´s chasing us, Dean!”
“The ritual ended”, Cas said with a small, reassuring smile, “But yes, I would say we got a positive conclusion”
An idea latched on his mind, and he looked down on the bite on his arm, glaring at the bandaged wound in a
Its brownish chitin seemed cracked, like the bark of a pine. It was almost as tall as Cas, but immobile in front of the tree, he hadn’t seen it. Now, it crouched towards, locked with Dean´s weapon; but still Cas did not totally understand what he was seeing, his sight confused as the image of the chitin overlapped with the one of the pines behind. It seemed to him that a man had put on a tree bark costume and… folded his knees backwards?
He winced at the pain he had felt when Lucifer had killed him, how he just… didn’t want to keep on living anymore. How bad he had been feeling the past days, even knowing there was a possibility that Cas could come back.
“Cas…”, he looked at him, stopping, “You… know you are not alone, right?”
The mage felt the air abandon him upon seeing him alright, relief a punch to his gut; but his calm lasted all but a second. Stuck in place, he saw Dean take a breath, grip his sword with both hands and start prowling the monsters again. From this angle he could see his bleeding flank. He looked tired.
Cas clasped at his arm to get up.
“Almost a week”
“Dean... I´m sorry. It won´t happen again”, he heard at his back.
“I-I don´t know…”, he stammered.
“Yeah, let´s not name it for now”, said Dean with a wince.
“Aarggh!”, he heard a grunt near his face.
The mage blushed and looked away. He had intended to say that necks, and chests, were inherently related to sexuality, and that it was not such childishness to be proper and have a desire for intimacy; especially since given both their sexual preferences any of them could be unproperly aroused, even if only momentarily, by a sudden sight or image. But… his words abandoned him when he was flustered.
“Guys… this is awesome”, Sam said, opening his arms in triumph, “For once, we have the advantage. If we decipher what´s on the tablet… We can maybe find another way to close Hell. Another way to defeat Crowley and his like, forever”
“Dean?”
The mage chuckled a bit at that and nodded before slipping away.
This was bad. This was
This chapter doesn't have a specific song, I just wrote it to the main theme of this fic,
, he thought,
“Is it under control? The Corruption?”, he asked in an ordering tone.
The angel gritted his teeth upon the sight- there was nothing left to save in the flames. He stood unmoving for a second, eyes broken in horror, in impotence, teary gaze locked on the people he hadn’t been able to save.
But like, it was not as if he could do anything about it, could he?
of the young ones”, muttered one of the Gabriels, shaking his head in disappointment, arms crossed on his chest.
done that.
- PaxMortis, my incredible beta-reader. You practically unassembled this chapter to build it again and it was SO NECESSARY. Thank you, a thousand times.
?”, he asked confused, “So you’re bi?”
He could see Dean from there. God, he looked tiny in comparison to the monsters. The hunter had his black sword held in both hands, and he was sidestepping with his teeth gritted.
“Whoa…”, Cas interjected as he passed a hand beneath a fern leaf, as long as his forearm.
He avoided his brother´s intense gaze and just… started walking up the stairs of the bunker. Sammy had followed him with his worried eyes all the way up, before telling him to be careful out there. He had left with a hand wave as his only goodbye.
The mage instinctively looked down at his bloodied ankle. Dean tsked in displeasure.
“Okay. Thank you, brother”, he smiled back at him, “I feel better”
“I´m glad you did this. It´s been so long since we all could be together. Must have been hard to get everyone to clear a specific date”
How many hours had he slept? Golden light entered through the window. Was it maybe sundown? Castiel sat up at the bed beside Dean, checking himself. No dizziness. No awful waves of unbearable tension. Good.
“You… have to know that you can´t leave them behind, Kevin”, said Cas, possibly sharing Dean´s thoughts, “You are a prophet. That´s something that´s gonna stay with you… for the rest of your life. You will find yourself drawn to the tablets. I´m guessing you already are… and that´s the reason you took the tablet with you from Hell”
They both turned to the angel. He had opened his eyes and turned his head towards the prophet.
“Compasses will go bonkers too, in some parts of a Doomed Forest, can’t trust’em. I have one, but rarely use it unless we’re on the road…”
Dean roared, cursed, as the tentacles pinned his arms to his sides, as they choked his neck. He fought violently but there was no use. The tentacles got to Cas, who grimaced; but suddenly closed his eyes again and regained a calmed expression, letting them wrap around him without resistance. He saw how the things got Kevin, Sam; though he made them recoil a bit with the angel blade until his arm was immobilized by a black serpent and he couldn´t move it anymore.
He shook his head at the thought and splashed water over his face. He’d never think of Cas like that. First, there was nothing sexual or anything going on between them. And the mage only wanted to help. Be a good host, by his words. And damn, he had helped. They found the trail.
“I feel fine. Recuperated”, he said turning towards Dean with his new arrangement of clothes folded over his arm.
I´m really sorry for the delay. Life is being *hard* lately, and my time is scarcing- also, my beautiful beta was super busy too. We are doing our best. But I´m not giving up :) Writing makes me truly happy, and seeing this little thing grow, is my biggest pride these days.
!”, Dean shut him up in an excited whisper as he whirled towards him.
“When?”, he asked crisply, eyes away.
Lots of action in this chapter, I hope you guys like it!!!!
“What if you need to wake up and fight?”
about the baby´s sex!”
Dean kept looking at him.
“Your wounds have closed, too; but the muscle has not completely repaired itself. I mean; it won´t bleed anymore, but it will still cause you pain as you move. I will heal that now, if you allow me”
, not physical state. That he would not be able to predict if anyone was in good or bad condition. That he should not freak out if a flame was smaller than the other one, it only meant that the blood owner was more like
“Yep”, Dean agreed crisply, then he gave him an amused smile, “But you look like crap”
He let out a little sigh.
Dean blinked at that, taken by surprise, but still pissed.
It's been 15 years since the end of the war so: Sam 25, Dean 29, Cas 27.
“Dean”, Cas complained as Dean swung his legs over the side of the bed to get up.
“No. Just, you know. Offer money”
in a long while, but it rapidly left him without pain or scarring. Everyone in the kingdom had suffered the disasters. Everyone had had to learn their own way to cope, to accept what had happened, and move on.
“Like the wolves”, Cas said.
Castiel still looked at him, confused.
“Why… are you eating it like that?”, Cas asked curiously.
“I… If… If you want…”, Cas panted.
His room was not the biggest in the castle, but it was wide enough for it to have clearly differentiated areas. In the resting area, his king-sized bed was flanked by two nightstands. Very subtle placed doors flanked both, leading to small adjacent quarters. A big picture window that went from floor to ceiling opened at the right of the bed, the glass shining in a myriad of colors due to the scenery forged into it, showing scenes of miracles.
Joy permeating every cell of his body, Dean hugged her; one hand on her back, the other fondly on her head.
. All of it, Holy Mother of God… And… unconscious, half-dead Dean wasn´t at all as alluring as… standing, wet, very
Oh. And the fucking beasts kept trying to bite Cas on his wings, causing him obvious extreme pain, and they were
be happening. This kind of thing didn´t happen in
“This one is based on manticore´s pheromones, which are hibernating right now”, Cas explained, “For the spring we would have to use another mix, but for today it will be fine”
“I haven´t fed you!”, he looked back at the window, the sun had set some time ago outside, “You´ve skipped breakfast!
“I want you. I want to try this, Cas”, he said, eyes locking into his, heart pounding, “I… I think we got a pretty good shot at this. I can´t… promise you now we will be together forever but… I
. Our awareness can get into someone else´s issues, and coax them to heal, to move, to restore. Of course, also to tear and die, if that´s our wish- but again, no doctor would do that. Yes, the soul could maybe be placed in an organ, and healing magic deals with organs… But both climatemancers and elementalists deal with air- with wildly different results and methods”
The man screamed, sword tumbling from his hands, and as pain soared through him he fell to his knees, straddling the thing. He doubled over, panting, eyes wide. The creature pulled to take him to his jaws, to bite his head off his shoulders.
He tried to scream, tears falling from his tightly shut eyes, as he felt the icy claws clutching at his chest, his shoulder, his neck, his face…!
“No!!”, he screamed, managing to roll around.
“Exactly. He´s just a soldier, just one more little unimportant piece of the chess game. He´s been told, taught, that he is less important than the big plan, that his sacrifice is worth because he´s serving a higher purpose”
Those eyes rolled back into his skull, face purpling. The hunter saw his gun arm flailing at Dean´s right. Was he gonna shoot him? He would take it gladly. Just moments and it would be over- he was not backing down now, bullets or not.
“I guess, yeah. You´re contacting the rangers, then?”
Dean´s eyes had widened a bit at all of that. Cas knew that no hunter could have ever had that kind of rest
Some djinns took you to a paradise world… and some fed on your fear, making real your worst nightmares.
“Hello, brother”, smirked Gabriel in front of him.
“Okay, Kev”, Dean said with a plate full of bacon and scrambled eggs in front of him, “Storytime. Tell us what happened”
“We need to
The angel closed his eyes with an exasperated sigh, as if he was so, so fed up with them.
“Okay… we do have an extra problem I hadn´t anticipated”, Dean said, stopping with an acid smile.
Castiel nodded.
Dean just smiled, barely able not to chuckle.
. This the first time you get corrupted?”
“Can you fucking try that?”, Dean said in an annoyed tone, but softly.
“Uh-huh”, he patted to a big pocket on his jacket, as Sam did the same with his.
”, mouthed Gabriel furtively in his direction.
He couldn’t help one of the sides of his mouth to tug up in a warm smile. He put one of his fingers over his camera- he was
“I know, Dean”, Castiel interrupted with the softest, kindest voice he´d ever been addressed with, “I knew. I always knew. And it doesn’t matter. I don’t need it. I really don´t. I never intended to tell you. I wouldn´t ever have, if it hadn´t been necessary to save you. I…”, he doubted for a second, and in front of Dean´s eyes he sighed into relaxation, with a calmed pride and peace the hunter had never seen in him, “I am not sorry about what I feel, or what I said. But I am sorry that hearing it made you feel bad, or uncomfortable, or guilty. Please. Forget it, if that´s what you need”
The second they moved, Dean threw the mother of all punches towards his chin, he felt how his teeth clacked before the guy staggered backwards.
He looked back at him over his shoulder. His breathing was steadier, but nothing like healthy. The beasts had damaged some of his ribs, he remembered. He thought of bone regeneration for a second, and left the mortar to get to a distant shelf that contained mineral ingredients to grab a pinch of limestone.
It dawned at Cas, and the tension drained from his body as the winds on his sails died, the rage dwindling.
Dean raised his eyebrows to his brother, at his slightly theatrical tone of voice. They were both resting their hips on the table of the War Room.
Dean smiled internally at Sam´s discreetness. Castiel looked at Dean for a second, then sighed.
“… Dean!!”, he complained, face anguished and hot as a fireplace.
“Yeah, mum”, groaned Dean with a roll of his eyes as his brother grimaced a bit as he injected himself.
“Mm-hm”, Charlie conceded, though she didn´t sound convinced, “So… why the late call? Do you need anything?”
Cas held his breath, his heart frantic, as the movement became crazy. The creatures charged towards Dean in all directions, in a frenzy that made it difficult to understand what was going on.
Dean still stared at him with a puzzled frown.
A small silence ensued. Castiel was frowning so hard that Dean could almost see the wheels turning in his head, trying to figure out what was happening exactly. He felt the exact same way. John was tense but tried to hide it, hands in his pockets, lazy look gliding over the garden, the sky, the floor- anywhere but the angel.
- Very intensely MY BOYFRIEND. I had to rewrite this chapter lots of times cause something didn't click- and I would have never seen it if he hadn´t pointed it out. Ugh, writing Dean is *hard*
“Castiel”, he murmured very seriously, his eyes unwavering from a point on his neck, “You… You´re getting corrupted, man”
Hope you enjoyed that! I love some hurt!Cas. Can you deduce what the Corruption is all about already?
“Jess”, Dean insisted, “Where…”
“You can´t see any of the important bits!”, Dean complained at his distressed face, “Come on, dude, first ogling and now being such a baby”
He frowned. Magic was cool, but it couldn’t be perfect every time, right?
At which point that would happen, it was very unclear. Right now, both Lucifer and Michael were thirty-five; which was a very acceptable age to get married and continue a bloodline amongst the nobility, whose life expectancy was over a hundred years old. It was odd to Castiel that it hadn´t been fixed already- and he believed it was problematic, too. All these years Michael and Lucifer had remained civil, polite; maybe Lucifer was a bit teasing and Michael a bit disapproving. But deep down, Castiel knew it damaged their relationship, that they considered each other eternal rivals… and them looking for allies in several moments had caused all the brothers to drift apart a bit from each other.
“Y-yes…”
“Don’t get your hopes up, buddy”, Crowley said looking at him with disdain, “You won´t get to see them”
“No. No, no, no, it´s not, it´s…”, babbled Cas, out of balance.
As that realization blossomed in his mind, the knife violently thrust into him, making him scream.
Then he released it, and the wave of pain that hit his brain made him arch his neck. He moaned and scrunched his eyes, teeth gritting.
Dean stared at him, pensively, for what seemed like eons to Cas.
Dean’s finger, moving upwards from the clearing, stopped.
“Meaning?”
Relief punched his gut so hard he doubled over, closing his eyes fiercely. Oh, God. Oh, thank God…
“Hey”, Dean said, a small smile still on his face, “How are you feeling?”
But he didn´t say a word. Dean had sternly told him that the second he slowed him down, he would ditch him. So he kept on pushing.
“I don’t have more answers for you right now, Dean”, the mage turned to him with a slightly sad frown, seeming tired, “I can only know more after I speak to my brother again”
“Next time, try not to stay down so much”, Dean told him, “You can´t be on the ground, that´s a huge disadvantage. To your feet, as soon as you can”
“But, like… what if you don’t wanna have children?”
But sometimes the shit came back. And… now that Sammy had gotten into trouble while he wasn’t around to help him. That he had not been able to find him yet. That he had wasted precious fucking time getting semi-killed and healing up. And that he had insulted and probably fucked up all his chances with the person that was helping him win that time back, getting to his brother- ah, and had saved his stupid life, to boot…
Cas kept running, the endrega behind him. He pushed again, vines parting from his way, and he kept eating the terrain that separated him from the carnivorous plant creature.
“What…?”, he asked.
“I… Okay so, shall we schedule a doctor´s visit then?”, he said in an eager tone of voice.
”, he said in a tone that was more of anger than pleading, but his eyes begged.
“Mm… Nope”, Dean answered distractedly, his eyes more on the room than on Cas- he looked at the nightstand for a second, with his dagger and the glass of water.
“I can feel someone’s pain when I touch them, and
“You know, I think we started on the wrong foot this morning, nobleman”, he tilted his head in an inviting way, “Wanna try it again?”
Dean grunted in absolute pleasure as the hot water hit him, and stood under the shower with his eyes closed for a second. When he lowered his head so the water fell onto the back of his neck, he opened his eyes and saw it fall from him stained with black blood, riveting around his feet before going down the drain.
I did a little something. I recorded an audio clip of me narrating the first part of this chatper with some creepy music on the background. I know there is a moment when I stutter, and being a perfectionist it stabs me right on the gut- but I seriously don´t have the energy of doing it again, and knowing myself if I don't post it now I won´t ever do it. So... would you please check it out? I did an Ivox account and posted it there. Here´s the link:
“Hell yeah, you do”, grunted the hunter.
“Hey”, Gabriel said soflty as he put a hand on his shoulder, “If you promise that if you need help, if you
“Alright. Then I really should be going”
(See the end of the chapter for
”, Cas moaned.
“Don’t worry, you will be fine”, murmured Sam to the victim as the clacking of the briefcase being opened was heard.
Sam was right. He wouldn´t make it.
Cas suddenly started to feel very uncomfortable, a worry nagging at him. If he was lucid and alert, he could start making questions… and drawing conclusions.
“I´ve always… loved you my way, Cas. Like a brother, and that, for me it´s like… top shelve. There´s nothing above it, family. You´re family, and…”
They heard a sudden sound around the corner, and they turned.
But they broke.
The mage, who had finished folding his sleeping garments and had just put them aside, looked up at him again, his demeanor still guarded.
Without opening his eyes completely, he put a hand on Dean´s shoulder; his other one on the bluestone at the wall. This was the hard part: to actually perform the teleportation spell
“Of course you fucking hadn´t”, Dean grunted, turned away, gritting his teeth and shutting his eyes for a second.
Upon entering, the smell of lavender got to him. The floor and walls of the small chamber were made of white marble, and his steps echoed slightly as he walked it. In every corner there was a white glowing crystal set on the wall by a silvery metal claw, and their light gave the stance an ambiance of purity and neatness.
As the hunter laughed uncontrollably, Cas giggled too, looking down in slight embarrassment, remembering having been suddenly squashed to the ground.
“No, no”, he murmured, “It´s just… the glow of your aura. The miracle of life. It´s… a bit overwhelming. You… are doing God´s work, in a sense. I feel very honored to be in your presence right now”
“Hey, I know you´ve got issues, okay?”, he said seriously, crisply even, “But not every supernatural creature sucks. He´s good people, and he´s saved my ass- and Sammy´s- more times than I can count”
“Cas!”, screamed Dean.
“So? You in a rush? Really, really want to be some teacher´s pet? Or do you gotta be the best mage that ever was?”
”, the mage frowned, “The damage had not accumulated enough to be a problem yet, but it would in a few years…”
“Thoughts?”, grunted Dean defensively looking back at him, again with his mouth full; as if he didn’t realize how rude that was, or as if he simply didn’t care.
“Much appreciated, thank you!”
Three vertical lines to divide the parchment in four parts. He started enumerating the symptoms of each. One, two, three, four, five... The list was familiar, a refuge. When he started this investigation, he had hoped that if he cured an incurable disease... maybe that would be enough. Maybe changing medicine forever
Sam needed his help to get up, holding his ribcage while wincing.
“While Crowley is still trapped, you still have a chance. But any of his minions can break the trap from the outside. The second he´s out, you are all dead, don´t you see?”, the angel said, exasperated.
Where the fuck is Dean´s sword??
“I don´t get this, Dean. None of them are being…”
His fucking excuse for a father was
There, in front of the door, he stopped, panting. He closed his eyes for a second, letting his lungs recover, willing his heart to lower its fast pulsing rate. He did
Dean´s chewing slowed thoughtfully for a couple of seconds, knowing exactly what he meant. That tentacle thing… they had never,
“What´s this shit gotta do with being an angel?”
“Wise choice, master”
Im sorry it took so long to get to the third chapter. My grandma got sick and that of course changed all of my plans. Ive been spending lots of time in the hospital lately- luckily she seems to be recovering!!
His body gave him a stern
“Guess so”, Sam risked a peek over Dean to look towards the hallway, “And now?”
“Alright”, Dean said with a nod as he put his hands on his hips, “Show me what you got”
A growl ripped him away from his thoughts.
“Something?”, said Cas, turning his head towards him.
“That
He knew he would be gone in minutes.
Dean snorted and shook his head. Then he frowned and wiggled a bit to be able to drop back into the bed again with a huff, closing his eyes for a second. Then he turned his head on the pillow to look at him… calculating.
Dean pointed to a direction situated behind him and to one side.
He yelped and jumped back, staggering and almost falling on his ass, but the movement avoided a slashing claw in the very air he had been occupying less than a second ago. Dean´s hand flew to his reddened machete, but before he could draw it, a whipping sound accompanied a savage blow to his face that sent him to the floor. He registered a bit too late that it had been that fucking tail.
But, he thought peacefully… he knew it was a good presence. Someone warm and sweet, watching over him. He knew he had nothing to fear from it.
“Almost… now”, Sam sighed as his arm was suddenly free.
Dean followed with his eyes the movement of his hand towards his forehead, and while the healer sent his awareness into his body for a second, he stared into his face with a guarded fascination. The mage smiled slightly upon what he felt.
His eyes widened at a memory. The blond girl, on a ceiling, amongst roaring fire.
When Dean looked back at him, Cas just gave him a small, kind smile. Dean had been right, they were very small wounds, that had barely taken energy out of him to fix.
It eventually did.
Dean shook his head in amusement and looked distractedly to the side. The bunny was still there.
“Yeah, right. But hey, Metatron got super powerful with the tablet. Cas, maybe we can get you a power-up too. Would that help with your damaged Grace?”
He got them back, and now he had lost them all over again.
Crickets sang in the quiet garden, the wind rushed among the leaves of the high trees. Cas looked around, a little bit tense, more for lack of understanding than for anything else. His brother had never done anything wrong, to him or anyone, at least that he ever heard of… but his eyes had always unsettled him, and all of this was very uncharacteristic of him.
heavy
something to be destroyed with a snap of his fingers, since darkness correlated with destruction.
The noble stood up deadpanning at him and pressing his lips judgingly, but he closed his eyes and shook his head before choosing to stay silent, instead of reviving the
Castiel smiled sadly without looking at him.
Even though… Dean felt they weren’t exactly attacking anymore. They grabbed his clothes, tried to immobilize him. Of course, he wouldn´t oblige.
had almost burst his skull. He was screaming with his true voice, as well as his vessel´s one.
“Well, we were obviously wrong”
He had lost his family… but not all of it. Not all of it. Sam was with him. Cas too…
“Of course not. Only the highest operatives”, Cas answered, “That’s why I believe my father must be the highest-ranking healer in the army, or one of them. Probably posted somewhere important”
“So. H-How much do you know about what happened?”
A few minutes later, Dean was leaning against the dashboard, forehead on his arms, eyes closed. It had been a little while since he rubbed his hand over his face, drying the tears, and just… started leaning there, exhausted. Physical violence was always a very effective outlet for rage, so that was over quickly. All that was left now was sorrow, regret, guilt. Deeper shit.
Cas looked at him, curious. Dean gulped for a second. He was not good with words.
“Shut up. Just… let me speak”, he said without heat, frowning as he glimpsed upwards.
”, he said in an intense tone, “He´s my little brother, he´s my responsibility”
“Ah. I thought you meant in… another way”, Dean murmured looking up, making him snort slightly.
The hunter looked at him with wide-open eyes, alarm on his features.
“But… I don’t know. I still feel kinda thrilled to… know”
Then suddenly Crowley´s eyes snapped up and to the left.
“Yeah, yeah, I know, man”, Dean answered with a dismissive shake of his hand, “But can you like, I don’t know. Bring some booze or something with dinner?”
“Cas!!”
It was time.
“Wait, hold on a second…”, the peasant chuckled as he sat forward, shaking his head, “You gotta be joking me. That’s a joke, right?”
Dean pressed his lips, tensing, but nodded. So… apparently no checking-on-Sammy’s-life spell today.
The woman let out a scream as kitchenware clanged and water splashed. Dean charged forward to clasp on her wrist, where she had instinctively grabbed a long knife.
The only way he had found to improve their sleeping arrangement had been to put a spare pillow he found between them, creating a little wall that at least provided each of them with an inviolable space of their own. Dean had snorted at that, assuring him he would not hump him during the night or whatever; but Castiel had insisted adamantly that it was necessary for
Cas stopped to measure his words for a second, pursing his lips.
“Also, the moss on the trees grows on the northern part, right?”, he asked looking down at Dean.
“I doubt whatever´s there is kind enough for us to search around. Do you forget the wolves that tried to eat your ass? How long did they take them to get to you?”
He stopped on the doorway and looked back. The angel looked at him with pleading eyes. He gave him a small, tired smile.
“Hello, boys”, they heard a thick British accent far behind them.
“Oh, they get sick, but, you know, you can heal…”
“Jack told me everything”, the angel´s smile widened, “I´m so proud of him… and of you two. You defeated Chuck. You did it”, his eyes shone as he said that, as if he was talking about the most amazing feat anyone had ever done.
“Let me check your temperature”, he said, raising a hand.
I am particularly proud of all the twins-drama between Lucifer and Michael! All the "haha who will lead the family" that starts the feud between them. Also, the Four Stars thing... its just to explain why the archangels have a vastly bigger amount of power than Cas and the rest of the an... nobles of the Mighty family xD. But the difference in power between the first four descendants and the rest, and how power diminishes as people have kids, is canon in all of the 4 noble families in the realm.
Castiel wasn´t with them at the moment. The angel had been very happy for everyone´s reactions, but he really had felt his feat
“Yes, it´s easy”, he answered, mind racing, “I am… trying to think in which other way could I help you”, he murmured, “Can you give a one more minute before leaving?”
“This way, a soldier cannot be bought or blackmailed with the security of their loved ones”, Cas continued, “And they can focus on the protection of the Kingdom”
Dean gave a shove to his skillet that was a bit harsher than necessary. Sizzling bacon strips jolted at the movement.
“Hey, Cas”, he said as he tilted and grabbed his shoulder to move him a bit.
He guessed they both knew that gutflayers traveled in packs of around forty individuals.
PS- I swear this is not just to make Dean suffer, it all has meaning and its necessary for the rest of the story xD
“I mean, I was not going leave it like
He seemed to consider the assessment and he then took two long swallows of water. Cas extended his hand to get the glass back and left it on the closest nightstand.
“Yep. Politics”, Gabriel sighed with a roll of his eyes.
“I geeet, that you have your stuuuff, and you take care of it, okay?”, Gabriel said in an exaggerated bored voice, “But, there´s something off with you. You´ve got that frowney face you do when you feel bad”, he said as he pointed at him with a wobbly finger, “Headache, I presume?”
“I mean… yeah. Dean´s got a point. We won´t absolutely assume our kid´s gender until they are sure enough to know themselves… but there is a very high chance that it will correlate to their sex…”
“It's… fire? The remains of a campfire”
fine?”, Charlie asked after a moment, “You… don´t sound so good”
The mage blinked at him for a moment in concern. The hunter was not looking at him, but he seemed to be boiling in frustration and anger inside.
“But he’s alive”, Cas said in awe, “Sammy was taken by The Darkness… but got healed? How? The cure was only known by a few scholars that investigated it- and as soon as they started giving it to the population, the Curse had mostly worn off already”
He’d liked the pheasant better, but the taste was new and exciting, and it came with some mushrooms he didn’t know. The combination was spectacular, like anything coming from the Spire’s kitchens.
And just then, he realized something.
Cas took a moment to serene himself so he didn’t sound like an eager teenager.
As he passed by the bathroom, its slightly open door allowed to see Charlie dead on the bathtub. Everything was covered in blood.
“Yeah… T-they´ve been for years, Dean…”
Dean turned back then and started walking back towards the corpses of the woodland fiends. Cas trotted to get to his side, looking at the dead wolves… and grimaced in disgust as they got to the older corpses.
And he whirled on the angel and went to the door in long, stomping strides.
He took it and greedily gulped repeatedly. The cool water calmed his throat blissfully.
He just hated the pooches. Always had hated them, ever since they took him to Hell. The sounds they did made his hair stand on end. Also, it was such a
“I can´t, Dean!”, the angel exclaimed, his good arm around Jessica in an attempt of protection, “I can´t use any of my powers since I teleported in!”
“I heard”, he answered, “So, shoot”
“Splendid”, she said smiling, “You will be the one responsible for preparations, then”
“The case, Dean… Do you remember? We were on a case”, he explained in a preoccupied tone.
That had been
As the beasts got close, the sword´s dance halted, both the hunter´s hands on the hilt. Dean still made it make flowy movements, catching the rays of sun on the dark blade. His feet started to sidestep, carefully, his green eyes drinking all of his surroundings in tense calm. The giant wolves prowled, eyes on the light that glinted from the sword and the one that wielded it. As if measuring the magnitude of the threat it posed. A very strange, fragile calm was established, opponents observing with only slight movements happening.
He suddenly moved, throwing what he had hid behind his back. That made the angel flinch and rise his blade against him, but something simply crashed into the ground, to his confusion. Crowley vanished and reappeared at the other end of the aisle and threw another little flask, liquid splashing. He rose his hand, and the fluid suddenly moved, apparently alive; running towards the walls of the aisle, and then running along them, to meet with the fluid coming from the other side.
He considered healing him magically again, but hesitated. He was well aware of what too much magic could do to a person. His decision became easy to make when his eyes glanced over his belt… where a leather potion holder showed him one empty container. He took it to open and smell it. Yarrow, a hint of turmeric… a healing potion. He frowned as he pressed his lips. If he had already had a potion, maybe his spell had hurt him already. He could not risk furthering the Corruption.
Castiel blinked, stunned. He… he was right. It made all kinds of sense. He… was used to thinking in Academy terms. Closed environments with controlled variables. But a forest was something alive. A complex ecosystem with thousands of interactions.
“That… doesn’t sound great”, Cas said with a wince, feeling his pride retreating.
”, Crowley said, taking two steps towards him, getting to the fire frontier, “You? A little dumb seraph. You are
“Now it´s clean”, he announced.
Cas. In his trenchcoat, earnest blue eyes on him.
“It-it-the cattle thing upset me”, he said in a small voice, “Made me feel... very insulted”, he finally let out in a huff.
For a second, he didn´t know where he was. He blinked again, remembering the abandoned house and the case.
“Don´t leave, don´t make noise”, he reminded the hunter, finger pointed at him.
“Cas”, he said a bit more earnestly.
“I´d prefer not to kill more of my siblings, Dean; much less in mass amounts”
Shout out to Gabry. I loved seeing your comment, buddy ^^ Your enthusiasm always hypes me!!
He swallowed, knowing this was not going to be easy. Maybe Cas wouldn’t even let him. But he pressed his lips into a line and, while the angel looked at him confused, grasped him by the flaps of his trenchcoat.
He was opening it to have a look at the message from the forest rangers when he almost bumped into someone.
“I mean, why am I even surprised”, Dean groaned angrily, “It´s been days. Things have come around here to munch on the corpses, on the bag. It fucking
The mage looked at the floor a second more, then raised his eyes. Dean´s gaze eventually stopped examining the room and locked on him. Green met blue, and they stared at each other, calculating.
“That’s perfectly normal”, Castiel said with a tiny smile, “Everyone says I use too much rosemary. But I like the taste, and it heals practically everything”
“Thank you, Dean”, he said with a shy smile.
, in a way Dean had never heard; and he felt some weird pop in his ears as a low thrumming sound vibrated on his chest; as if along with his voice something else was sounding… he remembered the first time he saw Cas. How that low, powerful freaking
At least, until they get out of the room and start hunting. Then we will go back to The Witcher soundtrack :)
He had been thinking about this for days. Even when he tried to flee from the discomfort it all caused him, by drinking, by paying all the attention he could to some dumb TV show or whatever, it had constantly been in the back of his mind.
“Yes. He wanted to know things about… souls. Ugh, and I thought he was seeking comfort…”, Cas felt like a complete idiot.
. And that was only possible with all the official documents cleared by the law, that guaranteed that the body would be treated with respect and that the family had been informed and given their consent. He was convinced too that explaining that corpses were very important practice materials for healing training, or that some mages did use human parts in rituals and spells- but from donated
done something like this. He remembered well the sting of fangs like those on his shoulder, on his leg, the sight of his own blood dripping. Cold sweat blossomed on his forehead. But he frowned, determined. He would not back down. He was trained. And they had a plan.
“I’m tired. But I can keep going”
“You don’t understand, they are supposed to be extinct!!”, he said in an excited whisper as he started walking towards the flowering bushes, “There have been no reports of hives since Heaven´s War, it was believed that Crowley´s army destroyed them all…”
point out some valuable items in the room and then took a knife”, he answered in annoyance.
He went back to the burner and, satisfied with the color, turned the flame off and let it cool for a bit as he gathered an empty bowl. As soon as he thought no one could get burned with it, he poured the elixir into the bowl and went back to the fallen hunter.
, Cas thought in dismay.
“Jesus, that´s good scotch”
“And?”, he asked, sensing an
“…men”, he said before he realized what a bad idea that was.
Dean did not want to enter the nightmares of a ton of strangers to get them out.
“That… must have been tough”, guessed the hunter.
Cas raised his eyebrows at that, surprised… and smiled. He huffed slightly and looked down, as in slight embarrassment.
“D…. D…!”, he was trying to make out.
The Road So Far: Cas went to the forest to get an ingredient for Dean´s antidote, but he was attacked by giant wolves. He teleported back, bringing a beast with him, but Dean killed it and saved him. In his magical efforts to survive, Cas got corrupted, and though now he´s better, the symptoms still linger on him. Dean is not healed but he´s too nervous for Sam to stay longer, so he will leave tonight. But today is Sunday, and Cas is supposed to have dinner with his family. He hopes he can hide his Corruption from them.
Sam´s shoulders slumped, defeat on his features. He slowly looked down at his wife, the love of his life… pregnant with a son he´d never met, he couldn´t save. Jessica was gritting her teeth, sobbing, uncontrollable tears falling from her eyes. Cas tightened his arm around her, closing his eyes for a second.
, he thought with sarcasm.
I'm really unsure of the title of this chapter, but I couldn't come up with anything better xD Let me know in the comments if you have any ideas!
The warrior let a strained breath escape, but the anesthetic worked fast. A moment later he let out a slow sigh, as his chest and shoulders melted into relaxation again, his head lolling to one side onto Castiel ́s shoulder.
“I have work to do”, he interrupted in a severe tone without looking at the hunter, “Go to sleep, or you’ll get a headache”
And Dean had to grind his teeth to be patient, but he let him. Cause he knew that if he didn’t allow Cas to heal him, the mage wouldn’t stop fidgeting and worrying and
“You okay?”, Cas panted, horrified at the sight of the hunter´s blood.
Cas met his eyes and the frustration seeped away from them, turning warm as he smiled a bit. He nodded, encouraged, and kept looking down determined.
“Yes, yes, the one used by Metratron. Useless now. The only niphilim on Earth was killed, and I´m not in the mood of waiting for another one to be spawned”
Castiel made a lopsided smile and shook his head.
His hand flew inside his bag and quickly rummaged.
The hunter kept his back to him for a moment. Cas felt it correct to give him a second to compose himself, and his eyes wandered over the cauldron again.
“No! Just… Shut up, you…!”, Dean snapped, his nerves making him slip into anger, “You fast assuming bastard!”
flowed through him. It felt… fresh, and clean, and warm but cool; and
“Hello, Dean”
He looked away from the fire. Because hope had raised in his heart suddenly.
Dean let out a chuckle, his frown relaxed, smiling a bit again.
“My”, he said, voice huskier, and then he smirked, “And I thought you were engaged”
of them.
, he thought,
“… because their honey and beeswax, are richer in biomantic particles than any other known substance, and the rebellion was using them to heal their troops, it was a cheap and they were everywhere…”, Cas continued in his most excited tone.
“Yeah!”, Dean said with a small smile, “I mean, you’re clumsy as fuck, and you got less experience than a toddler”
“Okay, enough chit chat for today”, said Dean, letting Sam go now that he could stand easily on his own, “Kev. You are all healed now. You are safe, and this place is warded up its ass. Is there
“There, there we go”, he left the manuscript on the desk so the ink dried.
“That makes me so glad”, Castiel said, eagerness dripping from his voice, “You were right, Dean”
“Absolutely, honey. We can all have lunch. Or would you prefer to spend some alone time with your mum?”, she looked at him with loving eyes.
That hadn´t stopped him before, however. Why would it now?
“Of course told him how important he was by
latched onto his hand as he tried to pat it away. He let out an angry shout as he violently whipped his arm in front of him.
“Shit!”, exclaimed Cas, running to him.
“We don’t… control the kingdom”, Cas answered, moving uncomfortable, “The King does”
He felt a kick to his stomach, heard hissing
“I know my limits, Dean”, Cas answered him, tone firm and intense, “I will not. Fall”, he said pointedly.
“It is done. There are no sequels, and no scars”
His enemy rose to his feet with a furious grunt and shot two more times, the second one clicking on an empty chamber, but the first hitting the creature and making Dean scream again, stop his crawling as he trembled in all fours. He
“Sure”, Cas said without malice, advancing the step he had retreated, “How are you feeling?”
“Cas!!”, he heard Dean exclaim.
“Alright”, Cas answered softly, “Let me go get some breakfast and we will teleport right away”
“Yeah, no shit. Leaves crushed”, the hunter said as he pointed down.
Castiel looked worried and guilty, but he nodded. He looked down and took two paces to move and rest his hips on the Impala by his side. And said nothing.
“Cas… do you wanna get into the Warriors of Heaven to find your father?”
Dean chuckled and passed an arm over his shoulders, clapping him twice before leaving his hand hanging and contemplating the clouds again. They had the trust for that. They were best friends, family. And it felt amazing to know the angel would not have to rush away soon.
“I don’t want to kill it, Dean, it means us no harm”, he protested lightly.
“Check it out”, the hunter pointed as he kneeled beside him, “See his footprints?”
I did not intend to publish again so soon, but I got so happy to see some kudos and bookmarks!! And then I got COMMENTS oh my god :DDD
“Then what about monsters?”, the hunter asked.
“Like it? Oh, my god! I gotta show it to everyone! Come!”, Mary said filled with emotion.
The words stilled in his chest for a second, he gulped nervously.
There had been nothing sexual about it, really. It was just... amazing how much medicine could tell you about someone. It surely had felt like a theory exercise from his teachers. He also truly felt
“I see… How long do you think it will take us to get there?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh… Yes, it is”
He swiftly hung up and typed as fast as he could:
“Hello, brother”, Gabriel reappeared in his way.
A howl of pain of a gravel voice.
“With magic? That´s… not a good idea”
The hunter kept frowning, but it looked like he was starting to understand.
“Dean?”, he heard him ask in a confused tone,
He stopped on his tracks several corridors later. Dean had been so pissed. Maybe it was better… if he came back with a peace offering.
This scene. The fucking scene, the one that´s coming- it´s one of those scenes that I as a writer have relived in my head *so many damn times* cause I love it so much. And finally, FINALLY it´s time to write it down and make it real!!!!!!
, he thought in horror.
“Hi, Samandriel. How are you today?”, he asked his little brother.
“Hey, stuff they say, mages kidnapping people to experiment on them”
“And where do you think your rabbit rations will come from?”
“You good?”
“If I get hurt, I can heal myself at will”, the mage smiled, “And heal you, too. These are in case I´m not close enough or fast enough to get to you. Just for emergencies. You can keep them for future hunts if we don’t ever use them in this endeavor”
“Tell me, Kevin. Is that talking about what I think it is?”
The angel took two steps back, face contorted in pain, in surprise; as his right hand finished melting horridly, skin melted like wax, all black and red, like some piece of meat that falls down the barbecue. He pressed the damaged limb to his chest, shaking in agony, as he looked at the flames again.
Castiel blinked at him, utterly surprised. His brother was… actually dropping the games, and talking seriously for a change.
“If you want me there…”, Cas smiled.
“You have lost a lot of blood. Not three hours ago you were dying on the forest floor. And again, you still need an antidote. You can ́t help anyone like this”
“Heya, buddy”, he gave him a cocky half smile, pride on his eyes, “Glad you made it back”
“How do you do that?”, said Dean, scrunching up his nose.
He could not be that clueless. Did the peasantry really ignore that much how the world worked?
“One can never go wrong with head cutting. Old classics never die”
“I don´t know!”, he snapped, he was terrified, “I don´t wanna give you false hopes, man, I really don’t, but I just can´t… I can´t…”
“Wait”, the hunter turned quickly to him, “Just… how long do you think the healing will take?”
With renovated energy, Dean got to his feet and lounged at the thing with its long blade, it recoiled a bit. That appeared to give Sam the opportunity to get the angel blade on it, and it screeched and wreathed in pain. Sam was released, and almost tripped back while retreating until Dean caught him. All four stood next to the wall of fire, and for some reason the thing didn’t attack again. As in doubt.
“Look, I… I know what you said, about not intervening. Hands off the world- and man, that’s fan-freaking-tastic. Really happy about that. We got more than enough meddling till now. But… This is probably against all that…”
, he told himself,
“Ah…”, Cas hesitated, slightly embarrassed, “I meant I… thought you´d be mostly unconscious until I healed you. Then I´d take you back to the forest and leave you on your merry way”
“Mm-hm”, he nodded.
A snap extinguished the fire. Even the one on their clothes. Everybody froze for a second.
He looked around. He had taken the food tray outside, leaving it on the floor beside his door for Gadreel to pick up. He had cleaned the splashes of water Dean had left on the carpet with a movement of his hand, and picked up the hunter´s clothes from the chair he had left them at. After purifying them- it would not clean them completely, but it improved their state a lot- he´d gently knocked on the bathroom and announced he would be opening the door to leave his clothes for him. He´d sternly ignored Dean´s teasing when he told him “no peeking”; definitely not blushing too much and keeping a straight, confident expression as he opened the door very slightly and gingerly pushed the bundle of clothing through the floor while looking away.
Alfie spends most of the day at his or Anael’s waist, though he would seek out their parents if they weren’t so busy with everything. His father is locked away in his study for reasons no one knows and his mother’s busy with welcoming and getting his family settled.
Dean isn’t sure his love is enough to keep Cas when the promise of a good life bears down on them, and still, he isn’t sure his love is enough when the truth weighs on them heavier than a deadweight body and six feet of dirt. His fears replay themselves in a new century while he watches them back for the first time through memories he never knew he had.
He gets up to leave but as he has a hand on the door he turns back. “Pa?”
“And are you here to tell me to disappear in the night and to never to show my face again on your land?” Dean asks, resigned but challenging, he doesn't want the response to be a yes but he knows that he has no place in which to bargain from. It would either be, leave and never speak of this again or, at worst, ruin whatever shreds of a reputation he still has.
In the amount of time that he’s had a name Cas has used it so often it might seem unnatural and yet he’s not said it once since he went to get his ma. Before he can even begin his descent into the rabbit hole Dean’s knocked from his thoughts as Cas’ ma begins to wind layers of gauze around his shin, tight enough that the throbbing that he’d all but forgotten about kicks up several notches and reminds him of his stupidity at getting himself in this situation.
“You managed to teach me how to read and write well enough to sign contracts and scribe letters, don’t underestimate your abilities Cas, you’re capable of a hell of a lot more than you think,” he insists. “If you can get an adult to learn when at first he was beyond apprehensive of the entire idea, you can get kids to do the same.”
“I ain't got none, sir, on account of my mama passin’ before she could give me one.” It's only partially true but it’s all this man will be getting from him.
Cas squeezes his hand and they walk towards their room. It’s slow going as they stop constantly to press their lips to soft pieces of skin, under the jaw, the back of the neck, a teasing press to the side of the mouth.
When he looks up at Cas he again wishes for better light in the barn, so that he could see his face better because there's a haunted look in his eyes, and in the set of his face that he thinks he knows all too well.
After a moment he looks up at Cas and sees that his eyes have been directed to the fallen open collar of his shirt, looking down he spots a faint red mark about a fingers width down from his collarbone, his breath catches when Castiel reaches out to press his thumb against it.
Rolling his eyes he throws a quick, “Of course.” before Cas is taking off towards the house at a much faster clip.
He grabs the entire chest and hauls it over to Cas’ side. He doesn’t even notice the pain in his arm anymore.
Hunger strikes him soon enough. Jo passes behind the bar in a flash, far too quick for him to be able to grab her, so he waits ready for when she’s not so busy. He waves Jo over once he catches her eye, ordering a round and some food and spends the afternoon eating, drinking, and laughing with his two favourite people.
He can tell that Cas is biting his tongue against the onslaught of questions that his brain is concocting, so he again tries for humour, “Told you Cas, disreputable could be my middle name.”
“High praise, I see,” Dean jokes and has to laugh when Cas rolls his eyes.
During the first days he spent with Dean he used the word fine to describe himself so often, but when Castiel called him out on it he conceded. For some reason, he isn’t convinced that if he were to go about the same route that he would get the same response.
quite so much. It’s oddly unsettling and Dean is sure that if they were in the company of a horse or two, the animals would be able to feel how the air surrounding Cas is so different from its normal calm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I should go,” Cas says. A stone sinks into the pit that still resides in Dean’s stomach.
When he does slip his finger past the tight ring of muscle, he’s already strung so tightly that the small bit of relief has him sagging down a bit on his raised knees. The finger slides in further and he moans.
Most of his time is spent inside surrounding himself with his brothers and sisters, gathering every little detail about them and storing them forever in his mind, but he does help Dean get Ringer accustomed to the gig and the weight he’ll have to pull, going so far as to double it to ensure Ringer is well and truly able to make the trip.
They take her to the book and against their better judgement leave her alone with it because Betty doesn't seem like one to bend to the wants of the Winchesters and they really need her to read that book. So what Betty says goes.
For the longest time, Castiel thought the most beautiful sight was when an injured or sick sibling got up and walked into the kitchen, or how the sun bleeds into the day and lights up the ground with such intensity you can hear it heating and cracking against the force of it. He thought that nothing could take his breath away more than the sound of Anna and Alfie laughing, or the stars that light up the sky after the day has died and morphed into night, calm and quiet and heavy and so overwhelming it often brought tears to his eyes to think of the vastness of a world he gets to be part of.
Interesting.
The peace lasts about twenty more minutes before he snaps, “Cas, is there any way this can go faster? Or at the very least be less boring? I mean no offence but it's just letters and I don’t see how they go into words.”
When Sam comes to him and asks if he has any of Cas’ blood, Dean knows he's trying to avoid asking about the bloody jacket while still outright asking for it.
“What about one that’s about
“What’s the rest of the letters say?” Dean asks.
“Gonna come on just my cock? God Dean you are perfect, so perfect for me.”
When he gets back—with breakfast in tow—Cas is up, tearing around the room, pacing and swearing up a storm. When he catches sight of Dean, food in hand, he stops and drops his right hand from where it had been gripping into his hair with a heavy exhale.
“During the days Sam would go off to school, and I’d go to whatever place was kind enough to hire me, and I’d think that if Sam got remembered because I didn’t, then that would be just fine. And then he’d come home, or I suppose he’d come back, and tell me these stories of his day, and I’d sit and laugh and think that when he was happy, he was brighter than any star in the sky. I always thought that I had it rough in life, but Sam had it so much worse and never let it show, not for a second, even though he had every reason to.” Cas is looking at him again and his heart stutters when his arm reaches out and his warm palm rests along the curve of his face.
He stops when he hears a quiet call of his name. His father's voice carries from the cracked door of his study and despite the heaviness in his bones he trudges up to the door and knocks before entering, a habit that had caused him great embarrassment the first night Dean had spent on the farm.
Cas looks at him and he puts on his prettiest face, bats his eyelashes a bit like he used to do, and waits for Cas to break. It happens with a heavily put upon sigh and some grumbling from Cas as he makes his way back into the house to get the pastry.
Cas however seems to have different plans; he finishes his chores faster than it takes him to muck the stalls so he joins him in the work. Grabbing the extra fork, he enters the stall and shoots him a small smile.
It takes all of two seconds for Dean’s blood to run cold again, a stone drops in his chest when, across the distance, Cas’ words land on the ears of their assailants. They both stop dead, neither having realized the slip until then. Dean hadn’t either and by god does he wish Cas was just a bit less perceptive.
He sits, although confident in his decision, he needs a moment to collect himself. When Inias spots him, she makes her way over to his side. Without hesitation, he pulls her up into his lap and wraps his arms around her.
(See the end of the chapter for
They've made so much progress on Ringer that even Dean is shocked, it's only been about four weeks now that they’ve been working with him. Most days it’s Dean by himself, though both Cas and Charles have stopped in, even Gabriel on his last day took a peek at the animal to see how he was doing, but he and Ringer spend the most time together.
“And for that,” he says, realizing that Cas finished his check up minutes ago but hasn't made any move to leave, “I am grateful. Do you think you could help me back into my shirt? There's no way I’ll be able to do it myself—I could barely get my trousers on alone—and I would like it on before the day starts to cool down too much.”
Dean simply nods, sliding on his riding gloves.
“I see.” Is all he says in response before he returns to his room wishing for nothing more than to be with Dean so he can remind the man that people like his father don’t matter, that they don’t have to be the ones that decide how his life is lived.
He never told them the truth about Cas, about why the empty took him. It chewed at him for weeks and weeks but he needed to work through that alone, needed to keep it to himself to deal with it. Sitting here now though Dean wants nothing more than to spill everything. To seek comfort in his family.
Their lessons together spanned longer and Dean’s abilities had been growing steadily as they moved onto more complex books. More often than not, Dean read as Cas focused on some of his own work, be it work for the farm or his own education. He seemed to not mind the fact that Dean had quietly read aloud to better familiarize himself with the words on the pages.
A part of him warns against what he knows his next move will be. Stopping for any length of time could be a death sentence, but he’s been walking for a day and a half and has reasonably covered nearly forty miles of terrain. He’s spent his life running, hiding in some way or another and he knew how hired patrols would search if they decided to come for him. So he’d done the opposite, hoping to give himself a bit more time if anyone in town felt he was worth the trouble of going after.
Dawn creeps in around them, bathing everything around them in soft yellow light. It filters into their little camp, though one would be hard-pressed to call it such in good faith considering it consists of the two of them huddled together under the gig where it sits parked, Ringer a few yards away tied up to a tree.
“I’ve been working with them about a decade or so, so I’d say so yes.”
Dean heads to the kitchen and runs into Michael just sitting in the dim room because that’s a normal thing to do. He really forgot how stuffy angels are when they haven’t been around humans long enough to pick up some of their traits. He lets Michael know about the ‘plan’ and damn does he eat it up.
A small part of Dean’s brain pipes up again reminding him that it was never marriage Cas said he had a problem with, it was finding a
“Appears so, yes,” he says, gesturing about himself with outstretched arms. “I fail to see why you would care if it had.”
He’s got his own pair of riding gloves tucked into the supply area in the stables and though Charles is less than pleased with his shoes he says that they’ll be fine for him to work in as long as he is aware of his footing. He doesn't plan on staying long enough for his footwear to be a hindrance but he doesn’t mention it, not wanting the hospitality of the family to stop if they learn he’ll be gone in a couple days.
Everything makes him ready to strike. Every muscle in his body is tensed and prepared to fight if the need arises.
“With us. What's going to become of us when we get to her farm? Will it be like it was, only being able to be together after the sun’s gone down, using nightfall and supper routines as a cover. How do we even know she’ll allow me on the property. And if she does, how do we go about everyone else there? I wouldn’t think it unlikely that the second you step a foot past her border any woman in a ten-mile radius will try to get you to court them. What are we to do when that happens? We didn't think this through Dean we got caught up in the moment and now… now I—”
“You know I like your cooking more than the stuff at the main building, I didn’t eat much up there because it’s not as good as when you make supper.”
“It’s gonna hurt but we need to get you off the ground, my ma can help, she’s patched us up more times than we can count. So we’ve got to get you to her.” Cas moves around his body and hovers his hand a few inches above his hip.
He grips himself and in a few sharp strokes, Cas reaches his peak too with a broken cry that sounds quite a lot like his name. It's intoxicating to watch Cas deliver pleasure to himself and he lays stunned as Cas’ spend mixes with his in the dirt of the barn floor and is hit with an intense desire to taste it again, to taste them together.
Dean really can’t remember a time that Cas had looked that excited about anything before.
“Dean, I heard shouting, what happened,” Cas says, ignoring him completely, he’s holding back, his chest heaving after what Dean can only assume was a run to find him. “You’re hurt?”
He turns back to his table just as Sam walks through the front door. A bright smile replaces the waning one from his and Victor’s conversation and he stands to pull his brother into a hug.
His hips begin to move on their own, half thrusts and grinds down against Cas’ straining length, drawing small groans from them both. The feeling of Cas’ shaft along the cleft of his ass causes his cock to throb and he can feel as his precome begins to wet the fabric of his pants so much that it’s noticeable with each roll of his hips down into Cas’ lap.
They bask in the glow for some time, their breathing evening out again as the sweat cools on their skin. It’s quiet and peaceful and it makes his heart clench in his chest.
He's so taken aback by the sudden backbone Cas seems to have grown that he can do nothing but agree, stuttering out a, “Yeah okay thanks.” before following Cas into the shed.
“If you want I can pretend I only heard what I commented on, in case you want to tell me the rest yourself,” He replied, angling his torso back so Dean was less crowded, he missed the closeness immediately.
No matter how his plan goes. He’s leaving one way or another, and he’ll be leaving soon. This is the only way to become the person he wants to be, and he’s got to do it.
“He sounds like a good older brother,” Dean says as he climbs into the cab's bed.
“My father wants you to get familiarized with our equipment today, you’ve been to the livestock barn and the stables so we’ll head there to do the chores now, working together we should be able to get them done with enough time to go through all of our machines,” Cas says looking out across the land in the direction his father went off in.
“And this is what you want? I’m sure that my father could still find work for you here if you didn’t want to chance working with a different family.”
“You’re not alone,” he says quietly.
If you are sensitive to final goodbyes to family members you might want to grab some tissues before you reach the end of this chapter, if not carry on
They gather their belongings from the gig and together they walk into the house, Cas laughs when Dean motions him to walk through the open door first as he holds it open in a grandiose manner. The house is a single storey, down a hall to their left must be the bedrooms and in front of them stretches the main parlour. Through a framed doorway Dean can see the kitchen. It’s cozy, quaint even, and the warmth of it makes it all the better.
“You are several inches shorter than I am Gabriel, in fact, I’m almost sure that you are several inches shorter than Alfie. Wouldn't you agree buddy, aren't you bigger than this shortie?”
“I hardly see how reuniting with your brother would cause problems, but if you do decide you would like to re-establish contact, you could always send him a letter instead.”
“And how's that boy?” The shorter one taunts. “You look like a bit of trouble but two against one, tsk tsk I doubt even you are stupid enough to take on those odds.”
“Dean, can I—where should I—fuck ‘m close,” Cas grinds out, holding on just a tiny bit more.
His eyes have been welling up for longer than he’s aware, yet he is hardly surprised when a tear escapes and rolls steadily down his cheek. Others follow and then more still. His chest feels like it’s being pressed in a vice. He curses out at whatever deity saw fit to cause him pain such as this, a pain that truly hasn’t even hit yet, this is all pre-emptive and yet it’s more than enough to destroy him.
“Do you think he’s going to double-cross us?”
He spends his afternoon in the family’s schoolroom and keeps the kids entertained and educated while his mother and sister do the remainder of the washing. Balthazar has quickly taken to maths and Castiel is beside himself as he watches his brother work through the complicated problems.
First posted July 16th 2021. Can be found in its original post
“The farm’s not overly large either, far longer than it is wide, I would reckon that you came in from just about the worst possible spot considering where I saw you walk in from with my pa.” He’s a bit taken aback that Cas had watched as he walked in. But at the same time, he likes knowing that he managed to catch Cas’ interest so quickly. He enjoys that for a few seconds before he realizes that it wasn’t him personally that caught his attention, but because he was a newcomer that brought with him some excitement for the family.
They mill about for a few minutes, Jody ensures that she’s not leaving anything behind in her cab, and Dean talks to the horses at the front of the rig. Castiel simply tries to keep out of the way and focuses greatly on not staring at Dean as he speaks lowly to the animals.
“Earlier during the whole thing in the library, Lucifer brought something up that made me remember something from when I blew up in the empty.”
He’s a touch unsure about his actual duties for the day, so he waits outside the barn door, in view of the house, for Charles to come out. He doesn't wait long before he can hear the door open and Charles emerges from the house, he doesn’t know if he should feel upset or not at the fact that he is alone.
The back of his eyes burn and he has to rip his eyes from the doorway to stop the tears that threaten to form. It bothers him to this day that he can’t ever remember his brother without the guilt and pain and anger rising in his heart and throat. Even his parents are able to speak of Gadreel without worry of choking up with the memories.
“Ahh hehh,” Dean stutters a short laugh out through his hard breathing, “Hmm you weren't kidding about that huh?” he groans as he rolls his shoulder, the grinding feelings sticking around a bit longer than he would have liked.
Dean laves his tongue over the red marks on his abdomen and the feeling of his strong wet tongue on his hot skin rekindles the burning desire that licks flames across his body.
Dean breaks the kiss so that Cas can lift the shirt over his head, he helps again to get it off when Cas’ shoulder still stops him from being able to do so alone.
“Sammy—Sam.” He’s quickly losing the battle against his emotions, and anger simmers below the surface aimed at this stranger who asks too many questions and yet at the same time a feeling creeps up on him, there is something about this man whose name he doesn't yet know, something that steadies him in the oddest way but still he grits his teeth to stop from doing anything foolish. He knows how to get by without notice, to live life without being known, how to stay safe and so far, he’s been content to do such. To avoid saying any more he continues eating, but the food has lost most of its appeal.
He’s not unaware of the fact that his host never gave his name, but he supposes he’ll not be needing it anyhow as ‘Sir’ seems to be acceptable.
“Can I check your bandages really quickly; Ma wants to make sure you aren't spewing blood still as you had been.” Dean nods as he lifts his clean pant leg, not interested in staining both pairs in the slightest. “I’ll be the one who changes the bandages when needed, if that's okay with you.”
“When Sam was about ten, I think, I would have been fourteen, I managed to convince an older woman to allow us use of her shed,” he says with a quick upturn on the corners of his mouth. “I worked ‘round her property doing odds and ends so she would let us stay, we got to have the shed for a few months before she sadly passed on, in her sleep, the way you're supposed to go. But for those months where we had that space it felt like we had a home. Sam would bring home his school projects and I’d string them up on the walls. The woman—Mrs. Mosley—she was a real mothering type when she wanted to be and always gave us our food for free, I didn’t ever have to worry about one or both of us going hungry. It was the first real time Sam ever had a home and not just a place to sleep. I’ll never forget the joy on his face when he realized he could tell his schoolmates an address to find him at.”
He realizes quite belatedly that his eyes are still trained on Cas. As he turns, he sees Jody watching him quizzically, alarm beats a frenzied drum in his chest at being caught and his cheeks flame in response.
His first shot hits the side of the tree, the cracking of wood splinters fly along with the bullet as it slices through the bark. The kickback grinds his shoulder into its joint and he thanks his lucky stars that he dislocated his non-shooting arm or it would have been far worse.
“I’ve said a final goodbye to all my siblings, I’m ready.”
Dean wanted so badly to believe his other self, because it all made sense, the logic tracked, it was so plausible that it clawed at his chest with the picture of its perfection. Cas loving him back, not as a game for Chuck but because that's just how it is across all Deans and Cas’ in all the world's Chuck made.
Dean looks less than pleased to see them. It could be because he was expecting Castiel to come alone today, or even the fact that he looked into the sun when he raised his head. Either could be the cause of his displeasure.
“I’ll try to keep both feet where they should be, and I'll take special care to ensure that there are no malevolent blankets strewn about the thirty or so yards between the two doors,” Castiel responds sarcastically.
They all knew that if Lucifer turned out to be on his own team in all of this Michael would have been the only one who could have succeeded in killing him and walking away from it more or less unscathed. Having Jack sneak Michael the blade was probably one of the smartest tactical moves that any of them have made in a while.
“I suppose I hurt it, but honestly you don't need to worry about it at all, it won't impact my work.” As if to prove it, Ibby doesn't fight him as he changes things up, trying to get him used to the spontaneity of a working day. A proud smile overtakes his features, pleased at his work paying off.
“Agree to disagree,” Cas says evasively and silence again falls around them. One he chooses not to fill.
Dean’s blacked out eyes slam shut as he nods. Tremors rock down his body and he cants his hips forward ever so slightly as the need that courses through him reaches a high.
“Don't worry about it Cas, kids are easy to lie to about this kind of thing, makes it easy to actually tell them, in the end, all they want is a story.”
Dean’s heart had hammered in his chest, no longer from the fear that overtook him as he began to fall, now the racing was from the tension that had settled over them. The air thrummed with it around them. It would be so easy to lean in and close the distance, so easy and so dangerous.
“Ah but how different this time is Cas, look Ringer isn’t attempting to break any bones or anything! It’s a miracle,” he laughs. He gets a small smile in return.
They don’t believe him, they don’t know him at all or where he’s come from, what he’s done. He could lay them flat in mere seconds. Likely faster than it would take for both return fire. But he doesn't need to yet, and the last thing he wants is to put Cas in danger by escalating a situation that doesn’t call for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes Ma’am I’ve been working on Ringer for not quite a month and Ibby for about two or so weeks before he was finished.”
He thinks of his own lines, year after year they climb higher and higher, surpassing several of his older siblings—Gabriel was especially peeved the first year Castiel’s line was above his—they are an indication of his life, rudimentary and simple, but an indication no less.
He knocks gently on the door sending it swinging open slightly. His pa is sitting back in his chair, eyes trained on his desk. The tumbler in his hand and the glasses perched on his nose block his expression from Castiel.
“Ah fuck,” Dean gasps. He scrabbles with the hem of Cas’ shirt and groans in frustration when his lust addled brain can’t think through to the end of the action fast enough to know that with Cas’ hand in use, he’ll never get to damn thing off.
“Yes, and we’ll need our horse taken care of. Do you provide that service as well?”
“In that case call me Cas.”
There's a buzzing in his ears that does wonders to tune out the rest of the conversation, but Jody isn’t looking at him at all so he assumes that he’s safe in being absent from the proceedings. Distantly, he is thankful that no one deemed it necessary for Dean and him to shake hands as well.
“Cas, are you sure you want to do this?” The words almost hurt leaving his mouth, giving Cas an out, one that would be easier to take than going through with this. One word could break him in a way he’s never let himself get close to allowing. “One word and you can turn back and stay with your family, your siblings, I want to make sure you don’t regret this, angel.” The term of endearment slips out as he thinks of what he and Cas could have if he chooses to go with Dean. It’s fitting, no doubt, but perhaps too soon, perhaps it’s too bold of him to use it.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, his voice hinting at concern. “That's the second time in as many days that you've expressed discomfort while using your arm.”
First posted June 13th 2021. Can be found
He fiddles with the edge of the blanket. Castiel fiddles with the odd pieces of hay on the barns floor. He’s nervous, Dean can’t figure out why.
He would admonish himself for the thought had it not been one he had already done so for. By now he knew it wasn’t a thought he had control over, it would spring forth from the deep recesses of his mind at inopportune times, often with little warning or reason and if most thoughts leave as a whisper, this one stays like a bad cough.
He’s careful not to let any of his tears stain the pages of his letters as he lets himself stew in his anger. He knows it helps no one to wallow, but it’s cathartic to feel properly when he so often chooses to bury what bothers him.
Oh god, Dean reels back at the same moment he reaches the safety of the barn as he realizes how much he shared with Cas. How many of his well-kept secrets the man had him spilling in near seconds. He can just picture the family laughing at his expense as they sit around the table for a meal. At least Cas didn't have to deal with his mother’s nagging with all that to talk about.
Dean can’t seem to think of anything to say. Jody—no, Jody and others—want to employ him? A job where he’ll get to work with horses all the time, where he’ll have the resources he’s never had before to do the best job he can. He doesn’t know where this place is but it might be far enough away that he doesn't have to ever worry about his past again. A place where he can send Sam letters with a proper address on them, where he can maybe make enough money that neither he nor Sam will struggle anymore.
His mother has been praising God for bringing her back well, and while he had trouble believing her recovery sometimes as well, he’s not yet gone as far as to say it was caused by divine intervention, but rather a doctor with at least minimal competency in the matter of infections.
Castiel had stolen a moment to see Dean before the rest of his siblings arrived. Without asking, he took Dean his breakfast, catching the man early, and if Castiel was right, still not fully awake.
“I wouldn’t be where I am now without Gabriel. Even if he thinks he didn't do a good enough job, he still did it,
The sound of Cas’ laughter still bounces against the wood, he still feels the soft touch of Cas’ hand on his face and just as it had before, it settles him again.
She seems impressed, going so far as congratulating Dean on his accomplishments with equestrian work, though he thought none of it was especially admirable.
“I’ve got a younger brother too,” he starts, digging his nails into his palm to get ahead of the emotions that already threaten to overwhelm him. “He lives far enough away that I don’t see him much but my pay goes to him, he’s studying now too.”
But now, as Cas maneuvers them both to the ground, he doesn't have to worry if he’s pushing Cas into something he's not mentally ready for. He ends up on his back, the uneven ground digs into his shoulders but he can’t find it in him to care.
“Mornin’ boy. I hope you got a good night's rest there because we’ve got a good bit of work to do today. For the next couple days I'll be getting you familiar with the property, but for now, eat,” Charles says as he hands a bowl of what he assumes is porridge into his hands and heads back inside. About ten minutes later he returns and without much more than a word Charles begins walking, he follows closely, concerned about making a poor impression.
Then again, if he had to suffer through a life that he never wanted, a life he could barely think of handling now let alone when faced with it, to get that experience again he would gladly pass it up. It wouldn't be fair to him or his wife or even the children they would have.
Dean’s on edge the entire day, he’s constantly checking around them, constantly making sure they don't find themselves alone on the road for long. He paces from Ringer’s head to the side of the gig while they water him to make sure that he can see around the back. He has his pistol in his hand the entire time they’re stopped. An easily understood threat that has other travellers glancing at them sideways as they pass.
“Close to a year ago I think, it’s mostly for show, there's a higher chance people won’t try to mess with you when you have one of these with you,” Dean says honestly. He’d almost had cause to use it in the week leading up to his abrupt departure from where he used to be, but lucky for him it never came to that.
He chooses not to correct Charles about his assumptions on his length of stay, if it comes to it, he’ll just slip out during the night leaving them none the wiser.
Dean's eyes are wide when he turns back, searching Castiel’s for any sign that he is reading this whole situation wrong. He doesn’t make Dean let go. He thinks that he should maybe try to salvage what is left of this situation, but he finds himself drawn towards the other man, just like always. Their eyes never waver, and he feels a profound sense of trust flowing between them.
“Mm hmm, you’re accident prone, I had to make sure I could take care of you if you got hurt,” Cas says with a pained teasing smile. He leans down and captures Cas’ lips with his, acutely aware that this might be the last time he can do it. Tears spring into his eyes but he blinks them away fervently.
“He was a difficult horse in the beginning, quite skittish and untrusting, but as you can see he’s come very far in welcoming human touch and being comfortable with exposure to new people,” Dean says as Jody walks through the stables to stand opposite him, Ringer between them.
“Not much at all,” the taller man says. His voice is an uncomfortable nasally drone that sends a cold shiver down Dean’s spine and sets his teeth on edge.
“Ca-s,” his voice breaks before he manages to speak the single syllable. No one is around to notice though, no matter how much he wishes he was speaking to a person instead of an unfeeling unrelenting piece of wood. Still though, it's easier to talk when no one is there to hear it, he doesn't have to hold as much back.
When he releases Sam, Dean gives him a once over, “Sammy I’m telling you, every time I see you, you seem to have grown again. No one needs to be that tall, no one.”
Double checking that the money pouch and his pistol are both settled amongst his clothes and the pillows, he thanks his former self for grabbing his cleaned clothes before he went off to bed. The razor he’d been given, along with the rest of his items—though the razor is the only one of any real value—sits in the wash closet still but he doubts he’ll be in need of it on his journey.
He turns back around and holds out the pouch, “This is just about all we have left fellas; it should do you just fine for the rest of your travels.”
He’s not sure where his father is, he thinks that he should probably be here for the contract signing, but he’s not about to leave to go get him. Castiel has been angry with his pa since he started this ordeal without letting him know.
“The handler only does so much, the horse plays a much larger role in their breaking in,” Dean says running a hand along Ringer’s shoulder. “Would you like to have him run through some of the training we’ve done; so that you can see what he knows?”
He had agreed to lessons, had agreed to spending more time with Castiel than was needed which he tried not to think too far into. But he had fought against the idea, even though Castiel could see how much he had wanted it.
“Ah, just as I was hoping, Castiel has been quite busy these days and I’m glad he’ll have a day to catch up on what’s fallen to the side.”
“Pack, now. Be ready in twenty minutes by the stables.” Is all he says before he’s all but running from the barn.
Between one second and the next Dean falls forward, effectively throwing himself at Cas. Ever cautious of his injured left shoulder, Dean buries his face into the right side of Cas’ neck, his arms snake around his torso and squeeze so tightly he thinks it might hurt Cas. But Cas makes no complaints.
It’s nearing supper time when they leave the shed and head to the stables, Cas begins to talk about the work on the foal. Charles wants him broken-in in the coming weeks so they set to work.
This poem doesn't have an easy chapter assignment, it's really just about the story as a whole. It is also the only one that can be read as either in Dean's or Cas' POV, whereas the others are very much locked into one or the other - or alternating - this is easily read through either's eyes
The next day is worse.
Distantly he thinks he hears his name being called but the pain is clouding a good portion of his brain.
He walks up to Remy while he waits for the son to come out with his meal. Her coat is nearly pristine, her mane untangled and her hooves clean and properly kept. She’d be able to win just about anything, and he would be willing to bet that she already has.
The man is quiet for a time, but when he speaks it’s not sympathy he gets. “Call me Castiel, I’ve never liked Sir, it’s too stiff. My father prefers it to Charles but I do not,” he says.
Pleasure flies down his spine as Cas dips his fingers into the jelly.
He knew Chuck was speaking but he couldn't register any words, he only knew of the pain in his head, the way it seemed to push against his skull behind his eyes almost like it was looking for a place to escape too but couldn't find one. Like everything was waiting to explode.
“I’m going to have my son join you, Ms. Mills, he was part of the training as well and knows each step the boy took in training so you can get a broader view of his skill.” Charles leaves without much more in the way of conversation and Dean starts to explain to Jody what the training had been like.
He hisses in pain as they shift his arm around to unstick the fabric from his underarm. He chances a glance at the injured area and gasps lowly at the bruising that is already starting to bloom around the joint. The joint which looks distinctly different from how it’s looked at any other point in his life. His muscles slope downwards and what he can only imagine is his bone protrudes sickeningly from a few inches past the curve of his shoulder.
“I played along for his sake, told him that if it was angels that meant our mama was up there watching us. I never said anything about our father and Sammy, he never asked. He got a bit too old for it eventually, but I kept at it. I didn’t stay until sleep took me, but I’d sit and look, and it always struck me how all of us here, we were just pinpricks to the ground we walked upon, to the stars we stared at. How at some point no one would remember any of us. Well, no one would remember me, people like you and Sam would get remembered, buildings and stories and books you helped make keeping you here.” It hurts but he doesn’t let on to it.
It makes sense, the worse off Dean is left the more questions will be asked. Despite this, a malicious half-smile forms as Dean spits blood onto the ground.
It's barely begun when it comes to a screeching halt. Just as she’s waxing pretentious bible sounding lines about the beginning and the end, Betty crumbles, rock and ash and with her, a hope solid in their chests smashes to pieces.
“What did you mean by ‘we’d both be in danger’ and your father’s ‘bias towards you’,” Dean asks unexpectedly. He waits for Castiel to respond but he’s not quite able to yet. “Cas, what did you mean by ‘damned if I know what this is’?” he asks and Castiel is still frozen, cursing himself for being far more blatant than he had intended to be.
His response is cut off when Cas wraps his hand around their cocks, completing the tunnel for them to fuck into. The glide is significantly smoother and Dean looks down to see that Cas managed to get the jelly out of its tin without him noticing.
Half an hour later his arm is wrapped up securely, stinging and throbbing after the attention it was paid and Dean is driving them to an inn, now devoid of the blood that clung to him.
The fire stokes, stretches higher and higher. It licks from the base of his spine to his skull; it quiets everything that doesn't add to its raging. The coil in his groin tightens, with every move they make it comes closer to snapping, and yet somehow Cas keeps him right on the edge so it curls impossibly tighter still.
“Dean was also the one who finished breaking Ibby, our foal, in,” Cas says suddenly from behind Dean. Turning, Dean is gifted with a warm smile that matches his own before it slips from Cas’ face, replaced by a more neutral expression.
Duma’s eyes light up and she surges forward to grab his wrist in both her hands, “C’mon, Castiel!”
“What’d you say?” If his voice is softer than it's ever been, he can’t be held accountable, there's something about Cas that settles him, has from the start.
Maybe he is upset about having to leave. Though Castiel can hardly think of why aside from the demoralizing idea that Dean doesn't want to leave because Castiel is a more than willing partner for any of his desires. He doesn't want to think Dean would truly think that little of him as to reduce him to simply a convenient fuck, but he has nothing else to go on.
A young man stands right at the base of the stairs, his hands fidget at his sides but he watches Ringer with awe apparent on his face.
“My older siblings have gone off, most right into marriage, but I hope I’ll be going to school soon. My younger brothers are all under eleven, they are getting closer to working-age but until then I should stay and help here,” he says almost as though he’s trying to convince himself as well. He still looks unsure of himself. His continued silence is likely not helping to ease the tension that has settled in the barn so he tells the man a bit about himself.
“Sadly no, I imagine hers will arrive next week at the latest though,” Cas responds calmly before tucking into his slice of pie.
“Of course Ma.”
“I’m sure he’s fine; you’ve made an astounding number of friends here. He’s probably just being polite and talking with them,” Sam says knowing exactly how Dean gets when this happens.
Cas reaches down between them but Dean stops him.
The climax of 15x19!
“Hey, hey! I’m a legal man now, you’re looking at Dean Winchester, slightly fibbed birth record, documents in a courthouse and all that good stuff, I think this calls for pie, no?”
“I suppose you can’t,” he says, taking the small victory of Dean saying his name. He hadn’t known how much he had missed Dean using his name until just now.
Cas’ eyes flash to his and on another groan, he says, “You’re going to be the death of me Dean.”
“You ask a lotta questions to a man you don't know. Some people like to keep their business to themselves don’t they?” The words have barely made it past his lips before he realizes what he’s said, what he said to his boss’ son and he blanches at his actions, “Sir I—I’m very sorry for how I spoke just now, it was beyond disrespectful and it won’t happen again.” He might not care for this job, he might not care for making solid impressions on this family but if he’s learned one thing from his life, it’s that you respect those around you, especially if they are of a higher standing. Besides he’s not keen on landing himself a few new scars and there’s no telling how folks may react to disrespect.
“I can't think it would do you harm,” she pauses. “This cut doesn't go incredibly deep, half an inch at the worst of it, I don't think you’ll need stitches which is good as doing so—well it isn't something I would go for, but I will wrap it with gauze to seal the wound as best as possible. They’ll be a scar, there's no avoiding that and I suspect one on your raw shoulder as well.” Dean nods, he’d expected as much, what's a few more scars to his collection especially if they’ve got a shareable story behind them.
Dean gapes at that, “Are you serious?” When Cas simply nods, he continues, “Uh ya I guess I could show you how, but I don’t see how you’ll be able to learn to fire it on the farm, makes a lot of noise you understand.”
He sets Cas up in his room and leaves to let him fall asleep. There's not a single part of him that can release the tension that’s found its home in every nook and cranny of his body and mind.
“I’ve been managing,” Dean says with a clipped tone.
“Not much fun to be had I’m afraid, Dean” Jody answers.
His ma calls again from the porch and the tension that had settled around them shatters. He watches as Cas sends him one more look as he pauses before turning at the frame of the door and flashes him a shy smile before disappearing into the darkness. A few seconds later he can hear talking but the volume is too low to make out what either is saying. The screen door clatters against its frame and everything is silent once again, different from the night before but no less distracting.
“Gabriel, I—” he starts but finds that he has nothing to say, words frozen along with his mind.
“What can I say, clearly I’m the favoured brother.”
“That we do! My name is Ash by the way, just so you know who to ask for if you can’t find me when you’re ready to head out.” Dean elects not to comment on the strange name, considering he didn’t have one two months ago he’s no one to be able to judge.
His apprehension shows on his face, clear even in the dim light of the room, and Cas lets out a short laugh.
All the air seems to have been sucked out of the barn, the silence of the farm around him hums as his nerves pick up again and again with every beat of his heart. He’s one for lying, always has been, yet this one refuses to be born so he sees no way around it. He closes his eyes, takes a steadying breath and talks to the floor.
the man behind my favorite magazine face to face. Sure, I heard his muffled voice on conference calls in the meeting rooms; the low rumble from Ruby’s phone. But never since working there had I ever really talked to the CEO or seen a photo. And this continued being the biggest mystery of all to an intern, who by the way, just wanted to do my job without caring really.
, a young woman instead of a man. I want you to consider this as a warning that you should leave him the hell alone. He’s whisked himself off to Scotland to disappear in one of his phases because of you.”
“Dean,” Castiel took the younger man’s hands into his own and smiled warmly as his cheeks colored, “I know you like the back of my hands. Now, will you have lunch with me? Just the two of us? Claire and Balthazar are out for the day and they aren’t expected back till tomorrow.”
"You're ridiculous," Cas shook his head and stared out the window.
“Thank goodness you came to London then or else I’d be single, swimming around in pubs and never contented. Do you know what I think though?” Dean brushed their lips together. “I think that we would have met eventually because there is no way in hell that we weren’t destined for each other. When I’m with you, I feel so
And he could immediately feel the other man's gaze like a spotlight.
“Cas! What the…” collecting Castiel’s hand, Dean rested their tattoos side by side and stared. The handwriting was very similar if not the same and because he was craving to touch the older man, he carefully rubbed his thumb over every letter slowly, almost returning the favor.
and the term BDSM."
“I was wondering when I’d get to meet the boyfriend. Hi,” she extended a small hand and Dean, after turning an impressed look at Castiel because of the title, welcomed the greeting with a handshake.
"I hate that you lied to me," Dean tried to hang on to the sliver of hope between them.
Could it be possible to feel desirously comfortable in a place such as the one he was standing in? The wealth of artifacts ranging from paintings to tapestries obviously imported from several places around the world was enlightening to say the least. But as rapturous as each room proved to be, Castiel couldn’t help but inwardly wonder if any satisfaction was gained from never sharing that kind of wonders with someone else.
"Between you two," the younger Winchester cleared his throat. "I'll bring you two together and act as a mediator. There are things the two of you need to get out of your systems and since you can't seem to meet on your own, then I'll plan everything and make it happen."
"Jerk," Sam mumbled, reaching for the first one wrapped in shiny red gift paper. His eyes lit up after reading the tag. "Not bad for a first choice. This one's from Jody and Donna." Giving it a little shake, his eyes sparkled. "Man, I hope it ain't one of those ugly sweaters like last year."
By ten o'clock on Boxing Day, there weren't any boxes in sight, but the perfectly prepared long, polished oak table resting right by the large windows overlooking the White Mountains.
Back in his bedroom with his headphones on, it dawned upon Sam that it was almost six. He hadn't had a wink of sleep but yet, he felt so contented. They had accomplished something huge. At this point, he was certain that it was the right thing. Thank god his bedroom was sound proof or else he would have been fearful of the days to follow.
"Now take this," Claire held out his phone with a serious face, "and go call him. He's probably staring at his phone with that adorable scrunched up expression, waiting on you."
“No, I’m fucked up, man. Don’t take advice from me. I’m not the most motivational speaker for a TED Talk.”
“Hi,” Dean’s voice was so small and light, as if he was a million miles away. “Cas.”
“Of course, you don’t,” Ruby whined dramatically. She offered pleading eyes to her boss who stared back with knitted eyebrows. “Since he started out here, people like that fat cunt Jennifer over there and horse face…” she jerked her chin at Sally who was busy typing away, “…are always dumping their work on Cas’ desk like he’s some kind of a slave around here. And he doesn’t complain because he’s too nice and willing enough.”
Dean kept thrusting, building up a rhythm, spending all his love inside of Castiel until he had no voice left to cry out. And when they thought that they couldn’t go another round, Castiel switched up their positions and manned the top, tightening around Dean, hot and hard inside of him.
stop it. Stop behaving as if you’re clueless, because you know exactly what the hell I’m talking about. I can’t believe you would even get so close to her.”
"Cas." But then he had already gone through the doorway and disappeared into the bunker and Dean literally felt as if he had killed every kind of progress they had made.
Slowly, Dean began to drown completely in the blissful feel of Cas buried within his comforting arms. Of how he was a few inches shorter and the simple brush of his lips met Cas' warm creased forehead. He knew that loving him could guarantee so much more than he ever dreamed of. But Dean never really expected how Cas fitted perfectly into him, like they were meant for each other. Like they belonged together and nothing else mattered.
Now, he folded away from the one person who wanted to hold him and protect him, he hated himself for the way he felt. He hated that bad things always happened to him. He hated that he was the vulnerable one who was easily targeted. And maybe if he kept down spiraling a little more, then all of this would be over too soon. And he wouldn't have time to regret any bad decisions or wonder about when they would crash and burn. Maybe he just needed to end it between them before they went too fast and too far. Before they got too invested in each other.
"The question is, will you share a room with Cas or me," Sam pointed out the obvious as the three of the segregated themselves later in the evening. He glanced at the angel who was gazing without regrets at his brother.
He couldn’t believe that their connection became so fragile, that one simple word misused could shatter the premise of what was built over the years. Had it not been for their recent revelation about their deepest feelings, then maybe cutting the conversation would be deemed as humorous; lighthearted and simple even. But in that moment, all that was experienced was a sense of coldness.
"Great," the older man nodded, fixing the blinds idly and his chest heaved as he gazed outdoors where beyond the front porch, two black Bentleys were parked along with a black Mercedes Benz.
“How can you even compare me to you?” I laughed and could feel my face flush from warmth. “Have you seen yourself in a mirror? You could go on the cover of GENTS and sell an excess of a million copies in a day. It’s not funny!” I stared as he actually chuckled and leant back in the chair. “To make my point clearer, if the two of us walked into a bar, who do you think the women will come after? Definitely not me.”
"Dean, do you think that…" Donna suddenly stopped and stared at him. Then she blinked. "Do you think that she's just trying this out because she doesn't want to hurt me? I mean, you know her good enough as me."
"Dean, don't say things like that. We've talked about this before. You need to stop putting yourself down just to accommodate everyone else. It's never about making them happy first. It's about your happiness. You have a tendency to spoil anyone you're in a relationship with and shower them so much that they never appreciate in the first place because they really and truly only want you. They need you to put yourself first. They want to get to know you."
"And my job is to take care of you in any way I can. And Claire too. But most of all you because Claire can take care of herself but you…you're so precious and sometimes you don't sleep enough or you don't eat enough and I need you to take care of yourself even when I'm not there to do it for you."
He realized that among all the stupid things ever accomplished in his lifetime thus far, this was the most ridiculous for obvious reasons.
Dean stared into space for a long time, perhaps pondering on the actuality of Cas sparingly providing that kind of information. Was it okay to admit that he was infuriated over the fact that nothing ever stayed long with him when he decided to jump over from like to love? Having Cas as a best friend had been traumatic. When he died more than once, Dean had felt like his heart had been ripped out over and over again. And he didn't want to feel that way ever again that's why he had been shoving him away lately.
Castiel though, was not an open book. He held onto Dean’s hands and locked their gaze as if the world around them didn’t matter at all.
Dean’s gaze wandered to Ellen who studied him intently from the door leading into the kitchen. “Can’t. I can barely keep my eyes open, Cas. I’ll talk to you tomorrow after church.”
Dean lowered his eyes and chuckled. “I shocked you, huh.”
Castiel sighed, and shook his head. “Did he say why?”
7:25 and there he was seated at the table, checking his watch every minute and then returning his stare outside the glass window to his right. There was no sign of the Impala as yet. It had begun to rain again.
“That’s why you came up here?” Dean’s spirits dampened after drowning in the actuality of being special enough to capture the older man’s evening. “Not because you wanted to have dinner with me? You telling me this isn't a date?”
Sam, eighteen at the time, discovered that Jessica contained a kind of wild spirit that he latched on to like a moth to a flame. In times of desperation, the pair was constantly glued to each other in heavy, excited whispers that settled on topics most suited; from books to travelling across the world. Occasionally though, as Sam chased her through the gardens and his yellow Wellingtons splashed up more muddy water, Jessica’s laughter pealed through the air and overrode the rumble of thunder.
“You’re the definition of an epiphany,” Dean said against parted lips, feeling himself getting hard again. “Dammit, Cas, I’ve never been like this with anyone before.”
"Don't overthink it.
I was confused and for a moment, thought that I was caught in some weird daydream. “Um,” I considered his face with a frown, “forgive me, but what am I expected to do?”
Dean was quite aware of the capacity of his heart to love, to be beaten down many times by others that came and went but never completely closing off to the actuality of more because there was always enough room inside of him to love.
Castiel’s cheeks flushed and he appeared completely embarrassed. “I got carried away. I warned you, Dean, about words having power the moment they’re spoken and look what has happened. Now I’m going to run away because I’ve clearly overstepped my boundaries.”
It was my turn to gulp down the sickly sweet moment that was unfolding between us where he pretended to ignore the obvious. But then I started panicking because I was his PA when Ruby wasn’t around and if he asked for a coffee then I was supposed to get one, right? The only problem is, I didn’t know what to do, how to process things like this. I wasn’t really bold enough to figure out the way this job was supposed to work and my hands became sweaty.
“Who?” Castiel lifted those wide blue eyes from a copy of Sophie’s World, creased from excessive reading, and he stared at her.
At first, he stood still and wondered if Cas was coming in to brush his teeth. But then when the curtain was brushed aside, a bolt of shock filled his chest when he faced the other man completely naked for the first time.
feelings…that changed drastically and never stopped, that made him wonder whether he was even loved in the first place by a man who was hell-bent on proving otherwise.
"I have to admit that I'm rather intrigued by you, Dean. I really
"Dean!" Charlie waved a hand in front of his face, "dude, are you okay? You literally spaced out for like fifteen minutes."
"Change the topic," she mouthed to him, "hurry!"
“I love you,” Castiel said softly, caressing Dean’s light stubble. “Looking into your eyes gives me the best feeling in the world.”
"Coming from the man who could hold his liquor like no other," she smiled sweetly. And there it was, the flare behind those brown eyes.
“That’s true,’ I swallowed and slowly walked over to him, then held out the book. Our fingers brushed again and this time, something electric travelled through my arm. It was then that I realized that I couldn’t quite breathe. And this was happening again so effortlessly. It couldn’t though. Not with my boss! So obviously, I pulled back and decided to end it before the flame burnt brighter. “I should go…” I gestured to the door, avoiding eye contact, “I’ve got a date with a book in bed and I can’t keep it waiting.”
"Can't I have a little fun?" Dean laughed nervously. "I mean, come on. I chase the booze and the thrills. I have a good time all the time. But when it comes to love, I've never been privileged to fall. Now, I'm actually chasing the feeling. And I like it."
“Just one question,” Gabriel seemed to dominate the conversation above Michael. He pointed at Dean with a rather mischievous look. “Knight Rider or Walker Texas Ranger?”
"Tell me what happened," Rowena urged softly. The bangles around her wrists tinkled as she reached for her glass of water. Sipping, her eyes remained on him and she was studied cautiously by green eyes that tried to seek out distrust. "And don't think for one moment that you're leaving here without telling me everything. You know very well that I care about you like you're my own boy."
"Look, it's not like he makes it easy either," Dean interjected, an angry glint in his green eyes.
Cas tasted so damn good, the hunter’s toes curled in his boots and even after trying to break apart for a few seconds to give himself a chance to breathe, he couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t let go. He didn’t want to let go. Dean felt like his body was on fire, like he was desperate to touch the other man, so much more than before. Like he wanted to feel every inch of Cas against his lips. And for the first time in a long time, he completely gave into the moment believing that now, everything that would happen between them was unearthing a physical reaction in every possible way.
"But Dean, if Sam likes her, then we need to respect his decision," Cas' cupped fingers caressed the hunter's perfect jawline. He missed these moments so much.
Lee could not provide clarity on these statements though, but provided enough information to rile up John who disappeared into the kitchen until Dean's friend departed.
“Hey!” Cas tried to dance out of the other man’s embrace but Dean just tugged him closer. “That’s not funny! Is that the right way to treat the King of your heart?”
“God, I love you,” Dean managed to whisper upon the other man’s lips. He was breathless and panting. “You’re the most beautiful thing that has ever happened to me, Cas.”
"Dean!" Sam was staring at him. "Come on, man. Stop drooling like a love sick puppy. Was asking you if you want another beer."
believed he would and perhaps a general sense of becoming defensive was prevalent because of the recent events. “And what about him, huh? Shouldn’t I be worried too?”
"Dean, I have insecurities!" Castiel said hoarsely, his eyes already filling with tears as he rounded the rear of the Sedan and pushed himself into the other man's space. "I am entitled to be as flawed and as wrecked as I am because believe it or not, your role model, your…guardian
“He was here!” Aunt Marge cried. “In my house. God knows if I had a gun,” she said this to the man sitting across the room, “I would have put a bullet in him and buried him in the sewer pit.”
“What makes you happy?” Dean suddenly whispered, tasting his tears and feeling like he would die. His head grew dizzy and even though he thought the answer to the question was definite inside of his mind, that when all this was over and Castiel was left with a family, he’d be contented and move on, he wasn’t prepared for the rest. “What do you think needs to happen before it all ends for you?”
“Holy shit,” he returned as a response, evidently surprised that they would ever meet again. “If it isn’t plain old Spiderweb. In the flesh!” pulling the other man into an embrace, Dean held onto him because the intense memories were all too much to ever forget. “Man, it’s been years! Look at you!”
"I'm not overreacting!"
Dean, stop it, that majestic voice of wisdom suddenly consumed his brain. Stop it. You're human. You have needs. It's been so damn long since you've been in love with Cas, your body was always trying to hammer you with the truth. But you never really paused to feel. To know. To understand. Instead, you pushed all the longing and curiosity beneath the surface. And now, you're basically burning up for more.
“Indeed, I have,” Castiel’s tone softened tremendously. “And I love you too,” the soft chuckle that escaped reached the younger man’s ears and warmed his heart. “Now that wasn’t so difficult, was it?”
What if he wasn't what Dean wanted in bed? What if he wouldn't ever be enough? What if Dean changed his mind?
“Okay,” Castiel couldn’t breathe from the honesty and the lights touching Dean’s face, illuminating how perfect his features were. “So…punch?”
"Dean, come with me," Castiel said after weakly rising up, moving to the fire and lightly touching his lover's right arm, the youngest Winchester observing all of this from the table. "Perhaps stargazing would suffice as soothing to pass the evening."
“Good thing that it’ll serve as a reminder of me inside of you for the rest of the day. Now get going,” Dean shooed the other man towards the door. “Before I roll you over on the meeting table for round two.”
Benny sighed and cast a wary glance at the window before settling onto the chair. “Well, didn’t expect him to hang around waiting for me. You know how it goes, brother. People move on and change for the better or the worst. And here I am stuck in the past, wondering if we still stand a chance.”
Maybe he was growing a little too paranoid but it appeared as if Castiel was possibly avoiding him after that night, and repeatedly Dean tried to decipher the reasons why. But he could not understand what could have gone wrong to keep the other man apart from him deliberately, unless it was the disappointment in his inability to completely express himself and what he desired, and the kiss that did not happen.
Lonely was an understatement.
Until he couldn't control the sounds he began to make. The throaty moans and the way his body quivered and convulsed and when both of them began to cry out from the building up of a hot and heavy crescendo, Dean found Cas' parted lips and he kissed him deeply and hungrily again. This time though, they both tried to muffle their hoarse cries from the pleasure rippling through their veins and dizzying their heads. The moment of complete bliss and the feeling of drowning in each other's bodies, pure and raw and sensational.
Dean seemed to agree. Cas, however, was still staring at his folded arms as if he was silently reflecting or…praying.
Castiel smoothened his palm down the awfully
know you’re going to have to give him a blowjob, right? Something that used to make you gag when I talked about it because the act of putting a man’s cock in your mouth was too much for—” Benny snorted when Dean sprang up from the table, face coloring bright red, and after grabbing his books and bag wildly, he dashed away, ducking through swarms of students. “I think he might reconsider the Jehovah’s Witness now.”
“Jack?” Dean tried, taking tentative steps forward and then glancing back at Castiel who understood the familiarity at once.
"No, you didn't." She hugged him tighter and it was evident that he didn't want to let go. "I think he is giving you time to breathe. You mustn't think that everyone is against you, my dear boy. There are some people who will love you and some who will not. And you will know the good ones from the bad ones. I think Castiel is a good one. But you need to give him time. He will come around."
“I’ll do it,” I stupidly rushed out, my heart beating wildly in my chest. “It’s just…fifteen minutes away from here and I have a car thankfully so providing that traffic is—”
Ruby just felt compelled to drop the ball on what happened Friday night. Adding details that weren’t even true, like Dean asking me how she was doing. Or the boss admitting that he had brought back a gift from L.A. Now those lies were evidently aimed at showcasing that she was very important and treasured, but I somehow felt sorry for her. In more ways than one, it was very much like overcompensating and believing that this guy would do all of these things, only to be disappointed. But hands down, she was a fantastic PA, tending to his needs every single hour of the day and I just hoped that what she fantasized about was true because if not…then even I would be disappointed.
"What are you—" Sam's eyes widened as he spun around and chased after the angel. "Cas! He's sleeping. Don't wake him as yet!"
"Dean has been…going through a lot," Cas said softly, recalling the prior day's conversations between them.
Instead, he took the card and focused more on reading it like it was a distraction. I saw that though, the determined shift in his attention from my face to the piece of information in his grasp. “I’ve heard of her,” he croaked, swallowing afterwards and appearing severely conflicted. “She’s…fucking impressive. Didn’t know she was your mother though. Thanks, man.”
humor. He's like Mr. Fud. English Lit 101."
I was
"I'm more wildly fascinated by rabbits, cats and guinea pigs."
"I'm not sad…"
“Then why are you calling to ask for my company?”
He kept wondering if Dean was closing into his shell again. If the hunter was somehow lacking the interest to become intimate with him again and the more he thought about it, the more Cas acknowledged Dean's alternative avenues in showing his affection. And then Cas decided to label Dean as a hopeless romantic.
Despite their challenges, Dean was open to crawling upwards on the learning curve, cutting himself wide enough for Castiel to take a good look at the dark corridors and the bright, comforting ones. The skeletons that danced with the demons. The dark nights consumed by nightmares about pummeling fists and muffled screams. The long walks home when he refused to call the older man to accompany him just because his peers at school would taunt him about having ‘gay’ feelings for his best friend. Getting kicked off the basketball team because he was a
The two of them chuckled and then the phone was filled with the lyrics of
“I’ve actually tucked a copy of it in my pocket,” Sam fished the folded paper from his breast pocket with a smile. Dean stared at him with wild admiration. “Come on, man. You know that I’ve got you. I’ve got your back.”
“I’ve lost count after half a million three years ago. Do you see what you’ve been missing now?” Castiel’s voice dipped as he admired Dean wandering into the first lane with shelves climbing as high as fifteen feet. “All of these titles are just waiting on you and yet your decision to avoid this place like the plague…”
“Then by all means, go ahead and make love to me,” Castiel boldly stated. Their eyes met and green ones delivered a look of amazement. “Dean, I’m telling you now that if we keep this up, we’re going to drive each other crazy.”
"I'm talking to your husband, not you," Sam said, curling his fingers into Jess' blonde hair and she laughed along with him. "I think you two should wait. Give it at least two years and all for good reason. Spending time together without the distraction is better after marriage and it's not like they're that bad..." he gazed fondly at his trio, "it's just that screwing each other all over the house might not be able to work when you have one of these crawling around."
"Don't you
“Listen to you all wise and mature,” Balthazar seemed genuinely impressed as he stood back and beamed, reeking of expensive cologne as usual, “you’ve changed tremendously, Dean, in a good way that’s admirable and I guess, completely related to being bitten by love.”
"Stop making out and come let us play another round of Monopoly!" came Sam's voice from outside the door and the knob rattled a little. "Cas, you can't have my brother to yourself all the time, man. I need to get to spend some time with him! Are you two decent?"
Swallowing hard, and clearly realizing that his father obviously had no clue what the truth was, because if he did, he wouldn’t ascertain that fixing things was so easy, Dean nodded. "Sure, I will."
"I will," Dean said smiling through his tears. "I'll, uh…take a photo after we're done talking and send it to you. Also, every single time I was asked to write about someone famous, I always wrote about you. Every single time I had to make a card for…Valentine's Day or Christmas, or even Easter…even in high school…all of the ones I found and I don’t know why I still have them…they all have your name in them. And I'm talking about as late as when I was sixteen, I remember doing one for Lisa, but I still have yours because I don't think I ever thought I'd be able to give you without it meaning something…different."
Ignoring the younger man’s protests, Castiel scooped a small amount onto his fingers and rose up to neatly settle on the bed. From there, without giving in to protests, he offered nothing but a smile as Dean appeared terribly constipated, forehead creased and his arms hugging the pillow protectively.
The door swung open and the tall, looming figure presented itself with an aghast countenance. "How dare you call me Samuel? That's the name you use when I've done something terrible enough to deserve a good thrashing. Oh, look, a neatly made bed to hide the obvious." Those emerald eyes swept the room with a playful grin and then Sam considered his brother's scowl. "What?"
His mouth kept searching for the other man’s weak spots and lingering there, like the soft skin below Castiel’s ear. When he licked right there, Castiel writhed under him and moaned sinfully, just as he did too when Dean rubbed the tip of his cock with an eager thumb. And in those small spaces of time when they both opened up, Dean still didn’t want to let Castiel go.
"Is that all?" Cas asked sarcastically, and his tone shocked Sam immediately as he scrutinized the other man's countenance and discovered a raw kind of anger.
Charlie suddenly laughed and then after composing herself, she sighed. “Touch. Does he rest his hand on your back or squeeze your shoulders? If he does, then he’s trying to reassure you that he cares. And if he holds your hands without any reason to, then he’s definitely looking to see how you react. If you’re okay with it, most times guys entwine their fingers with yours and they wouldn’t let go until you do.”
"Claire's not taking it well because she keeps remembering Kaia and Donna is trying so hard to get through to her but she's not willing." Alex comfortably sat next to Sam on the couch as Dean came in awkwardly scratching the back of his neck with Cas in tow. "What's up with those two?" she followed his eyes and frowned. "The two of them had a fall out?"
“I thought you…hated me not so long ago.”
The younger Winchester allowed the small moment to disperse in the wind because they were far too familiar with each other to entertain a prickly conversation. "All good. Tell me something, are things going well between you two?"
"I have a very sensitive boyfriend." Pushing his phone into his jeans, Dean sighed before offering a shrug. "He hung up on me."
“You must never think that the war inside your mind is a tragedy you have to fight alone.”
Then with trembling fingers that were absolutely eager, Castiel, for the first time in his life, released another man’s cock from the constraints of his jeans. But his dreams could have never filled in the blanks enough on the entirety of what was contained in Dean’s pants, because he was gifted in size just as Ruby remarked as well as thickness. And when Castiel wrapped his fingers around Dean, he was hot and firm between his fingers.
The rhythm slowly built up and with every thrust into him, Castiel’s moans grew louder until he was crying out Dean’s name into the palm of his hand.
For Castiel, these things were the most important, the moments when he could simply sit and recall the many years they entertained these kinds of gatherings, with the exception of Charlie, Bobby and Dorothy of course, but nevertheless it all felt the same. But over those years, he could have only admired Dean as a guardian would, and before he fell in love with him so intensely, Castiel would have cast a fond gaze onto the young man who played the piano, strummed on his guitar, baked and shared out a variety of goodies during those occasions and most of all, he reveled in his warmth of domesticity.
Curling up into a ball, Dean laughed until tears leaked from his eyes. Then after his fit of giggles eased down, he sat up and embraced the other man in a soft hug, burying his face into the crook of Castiel’s shoulder.
“Dean, you can’t leave me like this,” Castiel suddenly sounded like he was falling apart, “please don’t do this to me. I’m so worried about you right now because you’ve evidently chosen to drink which is something you never do. This is deeply affecting you and I know that it’s me. It’s us. And I want you to tell me what it is because I can’t sleep and I can’t eat and I’m—”
"I don't want to keep secrets from you, so there are two things I need to address although on one of those matters, your father warned that I shouldn't divulge the information." When Dean hummed in approval, the older man released the breath he was holding from being anxious and then he sighed. "The encounter in the gas station wasn't on impulse."
Except for the constant teasing from his dear best friend; Castiel Novak; a very sophisticated and jovial man of forty-five, who possessed just as much wealth to be considered as one of the most admirable bachelors in the town of New Hampshire. And whilst the steady flow of ladies happened over the years like a bubbling stream rushing towards a waterfall’s peak, he still remained single and eligible although his protests on the matter could be very well considered as suspicious.
Finally, he felt like his life had a purpose.
"Sounds like something we encounter on our day jobs," Dean mumbled, lifting his head up a little to peer at the television. "Set in high school too. Figures." He buried his head into his arms again and wished that Cas wasn't sitting so damn close to him that he could literally feel how comfortably warm he was.
Maybe Castiel was very robotic, staring at the television until some soppy Lifetime movie ended and then rolling over every single night into a sleep that contained nothing about Dean or sex or any kind of intimacy.
Dean long forgot the sunken feeling and he smiled, tongue tucked between his teeth whilst typing.
to distract you earlier. But you kept turning me down, remember? And by the way, you wear too much clothes. How many layers do you have on now? Four?”
