“It feels as good as new, and I am so eager to be out of bed,” Mrs Hudson begged. I examined her foot carefully, and I had to agree. The swelling was nearly gone; the damaged skin was healed. There were a few marks, of course, but no danger of damaging anything by her being up and about. “I am certain that I can get a shoe on,” she continued, eagerly.
“But then you left. How was I to explain myself—to apologise further—if you were not here to listen?” Still facing the table, and away from me, he had wrapped his arms around himself; his chin to his chest.
“Oh, goodie. It needs batteries,” he remarked, noting a small package of them taped to the back of the box. “Lights
“Is it a wicked thing?” he asked hesitantly. It was so rare that he was so unsure of himself. And that word—my heart sinks even now. I had to respond to him, though; I had to assure him that he and I were no more wicked than Mrs. Hudson and her cat. I considered my words carefully before replying.
Someone—someone else had done that. Gotten him chips. Complained that he put too much vinegar on them. Told him to eat his fish.
“That’s terrific, love! Now you can be a policeman like Uncle Greg.” John found that his throat was suddenly tight; his voice rough.
It had taken a bit of time, of course, but finally the attraction he felt every minute that he was with the doctor had been reciprocated—reciprocated in rather glorious ways. God, he missed those ways.
The door to Sherlock’s bedroom was now closed, I noted. I was truly uncomfortable and alarmed. Sherlock was in no condition to defend himself if this were any kind of attack—even if just a cerebral one—for I heard only the lowest of murmurs of voices.
“If you say so, John,” he acquiesced. And my heart even now leaps at the memory—as he hesitantly—so hesitantly—lowered himself, and I found that I was correct in that his weight was negligible. I gently arranged him so that his head rested on my good shoulder and I wrapped my arms around his slight frame. To my great surprise, I felt him tentatively do the same to me and then, with a sigh of exhaustion, he relaxed against my chest.
[The good doctor has cut the ad out of the newspaper and neatly glued it at this point in his narrative.]
“I shall strike out for Baker Street tomorrow,” I stated. “But for now I do not like to leave him alone for long.”
Once again, his brother’s suit was exactly what he needed it to be: elegant and understated; tidy and costly. He was clean and shaved. His shoes were polished. He was the very picture of a respectable, well-off British businessman. Perfect.
“I did not intend for you to be angry. I truly didn’t. Please believe me,” he begged. “I do say thoughtless and cruel things sometimes. I cannot explain why. I know that I am being awful, but I cannot seem to stop myself.”
“You know that I do not…” his voice broke and my heart broke with it. The brilliant and courageous Sherlock Holmes admitting that he could not control his own body and mind
The basic neurological tests they could administer proved to be interesting. It was apparent from his reactions to the stimuli around him that his vision, at least in the eye that was not swollen shut, was fine, and his hearing seemed alarmingly keen—he had jumped when one of the nurses had clicked a pen open. His over-reaction to sensations was apparent and a cause for concern until Mycroft explained that, for Sherlock, that was normal. All of his senses—sensory input in general—had always been exemplary to the extreme, which made him an excellent detective but “a bit high strung” as well. Mycroft would have smiled at his own understatement if he had been in a different frame of mind.
He twitched his face away from mine. I should have realised at that instant that there was something truly wrong. Instead, I presumed it was merely his discomfort and continued my ablutions, repeatedly rinsing and wringing out the sponge. When I reached his waist, I emptied the bowl into the slops jar and refilled it with clean water.
“My darling,” I murmured, kissing the back of his neck. “Why did you not? I longed to have a letter from you. You always write to me when we are apart—even when our separation is a painful one.”
action. Virtuous acts are those acts which are performed on others. One must make a decision to embark on that particular road; it is not for the passive.
“As much time as you can bear. I do not wish for you to become ill yourself, Doctor—and I do know how much care my brother will need.”
“What in heaven’s name are those?” Sherlock exclaimed, amusement and distain being presented in equal terms by the cadence of his voice.
Why? What exactly was wrong with him? He was aware of his surroundings for longer and longer periods of time, but there were still more gaps and times of horrible, jumbled confusion than coherent moments. He knew that he had been in Mycroft’s home for a few days now, but he couldn’t recall much of what had been happening. He had a dim recollection of a bath, and something about oranges, but when he tried to figure out what that meant, his head would ache until his eyes watered.
In the earliest days, my writing was somewhat of a whim. I did not start out writing about any of his cases for publication. I was simply so intrigued by both the crimes and the detective that I wanted to capture my experiences for myself—but in doing so, I found that I could rather entertain myself by turning the interviews and investigations and deductions into stories. I admit to being influenced somewhat by the sensational yellow-backed novels in which I indulged (and Sherlock has never minded); sometimes when I was reading one I would think to myself that certainly I would not have had a character say something a certain way, or that I could have chosen five alternate words to the prosaic ones chosen by the author.
Dinner arrived at seven o’clock and with it, the elder brother. I was rather surprised at his appearance, but he explained that his urgent business being accomplished, he had wished to continue our conversation. I became rather tense at this, as did my friend.
The silence, punctuated only by the click of the laptop’s keys and the soft brush of paper as the pages turned, had become oppressive. Sherlock had woken once already; he had been absolutely miserable. The nurse had helped him to the toilet and while there he was sick, which did not seem to surprise her in the slightest. She had rubbed his back and helped him rinse his mouth and led him back to the sofa, arranging the blankets for him. He had dozed off again immediately.
Fussy and floral and feminine. Yes, there was no doubt in my mind—the perpetrator had been a woman, and one with matrimony on her mind.
“Oh, there’s some cold tongue and bread and cheese—” she began, and then she caught my eye, and instantly understood. “but the shop on the corner does some very nice meat pasties, and there’s always someone happy to sell you something tasty,” she ended.
Mycroft sighed. She really did look very much like their mother, and at that point, sounded very much like her as well.
Yes, as I have said elsewhere in my private writing, I knew not only of the existence of the elder brother but was actually well-acquainted with him very early on in my friendship with Sherlock, but because of his position and responsibilities, for years I could not reveal that Sherlock even had a brother.
“He’s showing signs of concussion, of course, but nothing to indicate serious brain swelling or bleeding,” the neurologist noted.
“What do we do?” I considered this. “We... carry the coal and heat the bath water ourselves. We attempt to manage the laundry being brought in and out. Take in the deliveries and the post. Attend to the cleanliness of our rooms—empty our pots ourselves.”
He looked—to be honest—dreadful. He was far, far too thin, and even with the coat over it (which was, compared to his lovely Belstaff, rather hideous) she could see that the suit he wore hung off him; the hat didn’t hide the fact that one eye was bruised and swollen; the white a vivid blood red. His beautiful lips were cracked and dry—and he was so very, very pale.
I am, however, forever grateful that you did not. Even when I was being so horrid, you must know that I loved you and love you still so very much.]
“Your debts are all paid in full, John. Please do not trouble yourself about it further,” he begged. “Remember that my intention was to discover information about your neighbours. I was asking if anyone knew your current location. I would mention at that point that you had, in a letter to me, mentioned neighbours. I wondered if those neighbours might know where you were. That generally led to a conversation about the Blooms themselves. From there, the information flowed freely. As we discovered, Mrs. Bloom’s nature tends to engender a great deal of conversation.”
Mycroft never let him have any fun, so why should he listen to him now? He was focused. His blood sang in his veins the way it was supposed to. He was sharp and alert—
The remainder of the evening consisted of a great deal of bare Sherlock under me and sheets that would need to be changed.
This had not been the plan. Sherlock was supposed to fake his death (which had been, relatively speaking, easy-peasy), head deep undercover, and sweep Moriarty’s spider webs away from the furthest corners of the world.
Finally, he had begun to show signs of fatigue and sighed somewhat gratefully as Solomon, with the books cradled in one muscular arm, guided him up the stairs back to the sofa in his brother’s bedroom and covered him with a soft blanket.
He squatted down. “May I look?” He indicated the papers with a wave of his hand and was gratified when Sherlock, without looking up, nodded. “Thank you,” he told him. He gathered a few sheets, stood up, and began examining them.
“Mrs Simpson used to read me your stories, Doctor Watson—about Mr Holmes and his detective work. So very exciting!”
me. This is not the first time that I have felt those stirrings at the sight of you crawling under a bed or shimmying up a drainpipe. It was just the first time that I could not, seemingly,
“Oh, Mrs. Hudson,” I managed. And then I paused—Sherlock would be proud as I did some rapid deductions from her words and calculations in my head. “I am sorry, but did you say disfigured?”
Heaving a sigh of operatic proportions, he accepted it and the call. John giggled at the dramatics and went in search of their coats; they were going out.
Mycroft Holmes, staring at the incongruity of scenes of torture and violence executed in sixty-four waxy colours, wondered if Mummy had saved the “scribbles” his brother had done so many years earlier. He desperately wanted to see them—he
And suddenly everything else was wrong, too—wrong house and wrong dishes and wrong spoon and wrong clothing and wrong man…
Finally—finally—they were done, at least for the moment. The calm of the warm bath and comfortable clothes had been shattered by his first sight of the medical personnel. Sherlock was terrified—absolutely, heart-breakingly, violently terrified. Anthea winced as he slammed into a table in his attempt to get away. He was panting and even under the bruises on his face she could see that he was growing rapidly paler.
He nodded. “Mr Holmes, Mrs Parker. The… uh… the gardener, and Benjamin.” He blushed again, and Winifred smiled to herself. Sherlock had shared his deduction about the nurse’s orientation with her (he had drawn what was clearly the nurse, distinguishable by his hair and freckles, and another clearly male figure that did look suspiciously like the driver, and between them had added three cartoonish hearts in vivid red crayon). So, did Christopher have a bit of a thing for the tall, dishy driver? She didn’t blame him.
“I will, and you know that I will. You are at great risk of doing something reckless and dangerous, and if that is the only way that I can prevent you from injuring yourself, then that is what I will do.”
“No wonder none of them came forward earlier; rather awkward to have to report that your dealer’s sliced off your ear because you haven’t paid for your illicit substances,” John mused, expertly examining the wounds.
Greg Lestrade had been a Detective Inspector for a few years now—he had been so proud of achieving that title at a relatively young age—and in his movement up the ranks of the Yard from lowly constable he had had more than his fill of junkies. More than his fill of lunatics. However, unlike many of his colleagues, he found that for the most part he was not disgusted by them. For the most part, the mentally ill ones at least were just that—none of them
“Where did you go?” I found that hearing him address the issue as he would a case had a calming effect on me; my heart rate began to slow. If there was anything on this earth on which I could rely, it was the detective’s great brain and gift for investigation.
We do, of course, not make these assumptions at other times of the day. When darkness falls, no matter how bright and abundant the gas lights are, the streets become ominous. Every mews and alley seems to harbour the lowest of criminals, lurking just out of sight and ready to burst out of the shadows, brandishing a gleaming knife. When someone is out at night, unless they are a police constable, they are a victim—or a suspect.
She scowled at me. “Man shall not live by bread—or cake—alone. We will all starve well before the house collapses under the weight of the dust. What are we going to do?”
“I am afraid that I cannot,” Mycroft sighed heavily. “You forget that I have a longer memory of her than you. You are lacking several years of observation of her behaviour which I possess.”
So now we each had tea and cake. Sherlock was enjoying his, but I could not bring a morsel to my lips, let alone swallow anything. The time had come.
“John?” Sherlock startled me by bursting out of his bedroom and rushing across the room. He threw himself to his knees and cradled my cheek in his hand. “Whatever has happened?” he demanded, looking terrified. “Are you ill? Shall I fetch Mrs. Hudson?”
I had left him alone only long enough to open the door to his brother’s knock (I had locked it and slipped the key into my pocket), and he was still engaged in the activity that had caused me to send an urgent message to the elder brother.
I do not wish to dwell upon Sherlock’s reaction to my leaving him this morning, even as I assured him it was for half a day at most. He was alternately angry, indifferent, and—and this made my chest ache—heartbroken. I told him over and over that I would be back in just a few hours, but he in his addled state could not seem to accept my promise. That he was even aware of where we were and where I was going was a bit miraculous; last night he thought we were aboard a ship to New York and wondered why we could not smell the sea air in our cabin.
They were interrupted by their boss suddenly—and completely uncharacteristically—throwing his mobile angrily to his desk. They glanced at each other before both bolting into the inner office.
While she was cooking, she allowed him and the nurse to use her computer, Christopher assuring her that she would not allow him to get into anything upsetting or dangerous online before she entered her password.
“He must be moved into the other room and the window mended,” he stated, working to keep his voice steady. “Samuel, go!” The footman scurried out of the room, presumably to summon someone to attend to the broken glass.
“No. Dr Watson was utterly devoted to my brother. There is no reason to think that some dingy nurse could possibly keep them from being reunited. No. No more discussion. Sherlock needs to be home.”
This time when he woke up he was a little afraid, but he knew that he was safe under his blanket and no one could sneak up behind him because he was… invibiz… invizle… Big Brother’s dressing gown made it so no one could see him.
“What is even more confounding,” he continued, “is that in doing so, you have actually put yourself at risk of prosecution.”
I must explain that by gradually I mean over a period of days. I also do realise that he might, over that same number of days, begin to calm and still simply because of the cycle of such moods, but I also feel that by treating him thusly I am letting him know that I accept that he has no control over these fits, and that I want nothing more than to guide him to calmer waters.
“Why does this upset you so?” I demanded. I was truly confounded. “Do you believe that I think less of your abilities because I become distracted? My darling!” I cried. “I could not possibly lose my fascination with and admiration for you and your amazing abilities. You truly astound me—no matter how many times you explain what you have observed, and your deductions, and make it seem so apparent, it is anything but. Every single time, you amaze and astound me. I will never, ever grow weary of it.”
“Both,” I immediately admitted. “Sherlock, I love you, and the times that we are together in that way are—well—the most glorious moments that I have ever and will ever experience. But I am a healthy, vigorous man, as are you, and sometimes it is extremely difficult to focus on recording the number of forks that have appeared on a bachelor’s dining room table overnight when all I wish to do is this.” I pressed my face to his and attempted to kiss the freshly-cleaned skin.
Receiving no reply to my call, I headed up our steps, wanting nothing more than to strip to my vest and drawers and lie on the bed in my darkened room.
And so here we are—Mycroft had sent a message to his housekeeper to prepare the rooms that we are to inhabit for the next few weeks at the least—whilst I in a stroke of inspiration explained to Sherlock that he was not going anywhere on his own. I would be joining him. He was so very delighted that, quite disregarding the presence of his brother, he threw his arms around me before essentially dragging me to my bedroom to pack—and completely missing the fact that I had not actually specified that I would be going to New York with him.
There were just too many responsibilities for one person, he told himself. His wife expected him to support her and the kids, didn’t she? He had to work to do that, didn’t he? And his dad—he was just beginning to lose some words and fumble for names—so he had to take care of him as well, didn’t he? And his supervisor expected great things from him—he had told him so, and didn’t he have to try to live up to that as well?
Yes, of course John had put up the tree himself—and decorated it. And then strung fairy lights in the windows and across the mirror over the fireplace. He had done a lot of teetering on a kitchen chair until it dawned on him to borrow Mrs Hudson’s step stool.
“Oh, one more thing.” He withdrew a wallet and placed a card on the table. “This is where you can reach me if you have a need.”
I was alarmed that he had put himself in such jeopardy, and Miss Stoner also voiced her distress at his foolhardy action, but he waved his pale white hand languidly, insisting that, as he was anticipating the attack, he had not been in any danger.
“I had those bruises ‘round my neck—from that dreadful man in Battersea? My collar was causing me a great deal of discomfort… but then I recalled the trials of our friend Mr. Wilde and came to my senses.”
The bell startled me; I had been engrossed in a recent medical journal and had tuned out my surroundings—quite deliberately, I might add. I was greatly concerned about Sherlock, but I felt that my constant attentions were distressing rather than helping him, so I had stepped back from my efforts to draw him out.
He was in pyjamas and his brother’s maroon dressing gown. He was withdrawn, his head down to his chest. He shuffled his bare feet as the dark-skinned, well-developed nurse gently tugged him by one hand. The other hand he held up to his cheek, and when he slid it down to brush against his lips, she noticed that it was decorated in swirls of waxy colours.
“I wish to hold you. I wish for us to be together in our bed. I wish to show you that I do—truly—want to be here with you. I get so terribly worried about you. When Mrs. Hudson brings up our next meal, I wish to… I wish to feed it to you. You must eat. You must sleep. Will you… do you think that, now that I am here, you can manage that?”
He was beyond frustrated. He had been desperately trying to engage Sherlock in conversation. He would have been happy with a few one-word responses, but he wasn’t even getting those. His brother didn’t seem to be aware of his surroundings. The nurse had guided him into the room and to his place at the table, but now he was just sitting there, gazing down at the table. He slowly traced shapes across its surface with his finger.
Anthea had the presence of mind not to reply, bending instead to her ever-present mobile. “We’ve had a sighting,” she reported calmly.
“When I was first beginning my investigative practice, I rather naively believed that it was easier to be ethical than to be virtuous—surely simply
There was a flash—the briefest glimpse—of anger on the elder brother’s face. “Very well,” he said slowly. “Sherlock, you are aware that your infirmity has been more apparent lately. You have been fortunate in the ministrations of the doctor here, but you must admit that both the mania and the melancholia has been, of late, quite intense. You have been rather ‘flat out’, if you will excuse the phrase, more often than in the past.”
And as I write this, it occurs to me that—well, if I write here as a true and accurate record of this episode in our lives, I must be true to myself. I have grown so accustomed to stretching out with him in these fine rooms, on the fine bedclothes, that I have not once considered that it would [the doctor has lined out ‘would’] should end. The only nights we have been apart were the two when he was at his lowest and most violent, and I hated every minute of the long, dark hours.
Sherlock paused in his efforts and looked from one to the other of them, frowning as well and now apparently trying to follow the conversation.
Sherlock shuffled up the stairs, looking so put out Greg burst out laughing. “Here’s our very own personal Scrooge,” he declared.
That we were dodging books and cups and whatever else he could take up during this tirade was certainly no help.
“Precisely. Apparently, rather than express sorrow or hopefulness or even resignation about the topic, which would be the most common reactions, both Mr. and Mrs. Bloom become extremely uncomfortable. Mr. Bloom apparently blushes quite deeply, and it even occasionally has the effect of silencing Mrs. Bloom.” My eyebrows shot up in astonishment. “She does not seem able to make a coherent reply to this specific inquiry, when, as we have learned ourselves, she is
As Belinda shared more of her story with me, I pictured her as a young girl determinedly scraping and chopping carrots, being careful not to chop a finger instead.
Your dear wife confided in me, more than once, about your lack of attendance in your own home—about your club. She told me of your indifference to the lovely home she established— Your cruel and callous remarks and actions which at times prevented her from bringing into that home the latest and most desirable of improvements— Your dismissal of her concerns regarding the tradesmen and servants.
I paused at this, the image of him sprawled across either of our beds on his stomach, his nightshirt pulled up above his hips and his bare (and delicious) bottom on display for me.
I wrote him my first letter of apology that very night, after securing a room for myself. The hotel desk attendant seemed completely uninterested in hearing a reason for my late arrival or lack of a reservation. It is London, after all, and life in all its activity does not stop when the sun sets.
“For about a quarter of an hour,” she retorted, quickly, then took a good—generous—sip of her drink.
“I’m sorry that frightened you,” he soothed, rubbing his brother’s back (and wincing at the feel of the bones almost literally jutting out). He was curled up against him and weeping, as he had when he was almost four years old and realising that Father Christmas was just a fantasy and his lovely new pirate sword was made in a factory in China. “We’re going home now.”
“Very sorry to knock you up, Doctor Watson, but it’s the common lot this morning. I’ve been knocked up, I’ve knocked you up, and you get to knock
I thought about what it must have been like—our respectable landlady hastily doffing shoes and stockings and, skirts gathered up just enough to bare her ankles, breathing a sigh of relief as she felt the cool foam of the surf wash over her bare feet—propriety be damned. I could picture her husband and son in their swimming costumes, running eagerly into the refreshing waves. I was fond of the idea that Mr. Hudson was an attentive and energetic father, perhaps splashing their son and later helping him build a sandcastle and hunt for shells.
a table) in his house with the bullet-proof window glass and the triple-failsafe alarm system and the motion sensors and cameras and the panic room(s) and the grand piano and…
I felt deeply ashamed. I knew that my darling and I caused her quite a bit of work, but I had never heard her put it in such plain terms. “I am so very sorry,” I immediately apologised. “I know that we create nothing but chaos and disorder.”
“These two first—” he indicated the two large men with a slight incline of his head—“and then you. I am not certain how he will react to seeing me. You must ascertain his state of mind before I reveal myself to him. I do not wish to distress him.”
“What is it then—a fire?” I asked sleepily. I glanced over at the clock on his dressing table. It was only a quarter-past seven. In retrospect, my inquiry about the possibility of the building being in flames was a bit ridiculous—I believe that our intrepid landlady would have been a bit more vigorous in waking me if that had been the case—but we had had a late night and I had been hard-pressed to open my eyes. I should hardly have been expected to make much sense.
The book open in his lap had some ripping photos of snakes. He liked the photos. They didn’t move. He liked snakes, but he didn’t like the way they moved sometimes. It reminded him of something, and it frightened him.
John shrugged. Who was he to argue? Sherlock had, completely by surprise, headed directly to the men’s designer collections after their repast, and within minutes had selected an extremely handsome shirt. The doctor didn’t even wonder if it was the correct size. Names apparently were irrelevant, but sizes could be deduced from acute observation—and he had no doubt whatsoever that the article would fit Greg Lestrade to a T.
His patient was restless, and Christopher let him take the lead, following quietly as the silent man limped out into the hallway. He didn’t seem to have any specific goal, walking slowly through the immense house. He was peering keenly around himself, pausing to examine seemingly random objects: the door to another bedroom; the carpet runner on the stairs. They descended to the ground floor, where he paused to run a finger along the locked lid of the piano.
It is not being in a deep, dark hole. It is that the hole is in oneself—a deep pit in the chest that feels as if nothing will ever fill it.
[There is a note in Sherlock’s writing at the end of this: John, I am so very contrite. I have just read your rendering of this adventure of ours as it appears in The Strand and, looking back, I am rather appalled at my behaviour. I wish that I could object; could say that you exaggerated and painted me in an ill light, but you were quite precise. I was rude and cruel and so dismissive towards you that I am surprised at you deciding against abandoning me for a time; I most certainly deserved it.
“Sherlock picked them,” John offered. Greg’s eyebrows shot up in surprise, and the doctor gave him a meaningful look. “Now,” he mouthed.
“Dante? I thought you’d deleted classic literature.” John let a mouthful of amber liquid slip down his throat.
“She went into service when she was ten years old,” our landlady related a few days later as I examined her slowly-healing foot. “Can you imagine?”
So I left them alone and rang the bell and when Mrs Hudson came up I stopped her from entering the room; I withdrew with her to the hallway and whispered, “Who is that? What is this all about?”
“Oh, of course!” I had just realised to what the detective was referring. “You, Mrs. Bloom, did not just voice your accusations in this conversation. You wrote them in your letter. That is libel.”
“It seems to have been quiet today,” he stated. “Quiet” was a relative term, of course—he meant that he had received no urgent messages from anyone in his household regarding his brother, and he took that as a positive sign.
When I was finally able to get a few sips in, Sherlock nodded vigorously. “That is well,” he commented, taking a sip from his own glass. “You have often commented on the calming effects of brandy, and you must be calm, for now we must discuss our plans for tomorrow.”
“He was seeing how far the ashes flew as he raked a burning piece of paper from the fire,” she replied calmly, and it was my turn to be a bit taken aback.
Finally, I had carefully bandaged the wounded limb and delicately dropped the edge of the long skirt over it.
“We—none of us—can pretend that it is anything else,” he responded. “This is not only the worst that you have seen my brother, but the worst that I have ever observed. He has had longer periods of mania, but never have they been so…” and I was astounded when he hesitated, “violent.”
I immediately went for my medical bag and then my overcoat. “I will go at once,” I declared, settling my collar and taking up my hat. “Sherlock, do behave yourself whilst I’m out.”
It was painfully apparent that he would not be able to undress himself. I ushered him into his bedroom, got him seated on the bed, and began to remove his formal garments. Even now—out of habit, apparently—he sat straight, but he seemed unaware of my attentions. I found his nightclothes and gently (affectionately?) garbed him in them.
He tried glaring at her, but his head was absolutely killing him, and scowling made it worse. He rubbed his forehead with the ball of one hand.
“Once again, I cannot deny that. It had come so that I knew that I was making my wife unhappy with my inattentiveness to our home life, and I admit that I withdrew to my club to avoid unhappy scenes in the evenings. This was by no means honourable behaviour, I will admit, but it was not a crime.” I managed to keep the note of triumph from my voice.
It felt marvellous. It still feels marvellous as I write this—his slight weight across my legs; his chest so thin that my arms wrapped completely around him. I could feel his breath against my neck. He was cold; he is almost always cold.
“I hope we don’t find anything,” Sean, a ginger-haired operative, muttered to his companion. “That would mean that we missed something, and you know how Mr Holmes feels about
I had finally given it up and, donning my coat and hat, I struck out. It had, as the scent in the air had promised, rained during the night, and the city was cooler and brighter. The streets were full of folks bustling about.
I considered what he had told me. No children. A mysterious visitor when the wife was away. Apparent interest in our waiter. I shook my head. “No, my dear. It just does not seem enough to determine that he is not simply a husband disinterested in his wife.”
Camp Shorabak, or Camp Bastion, was it was named when John was second deployed, was still one of the largest British Military bases in Afghanistan judging by the number of personnel milling about in the god awful heat. He’d flown for a nice, rainy 14C into a harsh, dry 31C. After checking in his current commanding officer, Colonel Pine, and collecting what he needed from the supplier officer, John made his way to his own personal tent. A tent he’d earned with his new rank of Major.
The fact that Sherlock was unable to read John in this situation put his senses on edge. He didn’t like not being able to deduce what doctor was thinking. Ever since Mary had been killed and John, with Rosie, subsequently moving back in with Sherlock, they had been nothing but open with each other.
“Yes. No. I don’t know. Look, Sherlock, this isn’t something I have a choice in. They’re calling me back into the army. All this publicity must have drawn their attention. I’m needed there.” He wasn’t sure who he was trying to convince, Sherlock or himself.
Jones caught up to Murray and Watson as they exited the hospital having just scrubbed out. “Okay you two old timers,” he steered them away from John’s tent and into the enlisted barracks.
When he finally sat up, he wasn't surprised to see James standing in the doorway to the weight room, dry towels in hand. At the cocked eyebrow and sly grin from the taller man, John nodded once and Sholto retreated into the locker room like a man on a mission, the sounds of a shower kicking on. John stood and stretched to release his already sore muscles and sauntered after the other officer, wiping sweat away from his face. Only two days into his return and the two majors had picked up exactly where they left off as if James hadn't almost been murdered the year before and John had never invited the other man to his doomed wedding.
Not two seconds after setting his duffel down on his footlocker he was suddenly thrust forward face first on his cot with two heavy bodies on top of him.
The taller man shook his head in the negative, "No, still a major. I'm only here to instruct and supervise. No field work."
Coming out of his mind palace, Sherlock swore he had heard John on the stairs. Getting up from his chair, he quickly crossed the room, Rosie in his arms, and opened the door to the landing. He had been correct. There stood John, frozen on the staircase holding a letter and a look of shock on his face.
Instead of answering immediately, John continued up the stairs and into the flat. Sherlock could sense something was off because the doctor didn’t stop to remove his jacket or kiss his daughter before going into the kitchen to make tea.
“You’re late.” Taking in the full picture of his blogger, Sherlock stopped himself, hiking the little girl higher on his hip, and asked, “John, what’s the matter?”
Watson pulled Sholto into a tight hug that seemed to last longer than was strictly appropriate. Pulling back, he held James at arms length searching for his new rank, "Let me guess, lieutenant colonel now?"
Murray glared at Jamie briefly, “You do realize we’re exhausted after ten hours and four surgeries?”
I am so sorry it's been a year and a half since I picked up this story. I had a bit of a hard time over the last two years and I feel like I'm finally in a place to continue writing all of my WIPs. Thank you to those who are still with me!
“Yup. And their tents are nowhere near each other. Not even a place to cross the other’s path in the morning. They don’t even had the same shift. I asked Caley in the admin building, she said-“
John speaking brought him out of his chaotic thoughts, “There’s nothing Mycroft can do. This isn’t his division… and I’m not entirely sure I
“Your clothing. It’s decent—posh stuff, probably expensive—and it’s clean, but it’s a bit thin for the weather. No coat. You probably got checked in a few months ago and that’s all you had with you.”
John flipped open his book and sighed. It was quite excellent—an adventure/spy/war novel that had been, until a few days earlier, capturing his imagination. He wasn’t sure why now he was having trouble settling down to read it.
“I am not an idiot, you know. Here it is, nearly nine o’clock, and you are dressed, bag in hand, and clearly headed out to stay in a hotel until your latest little tiff blows over.”
“Let’s see,” Greg requested, moving from the sofa to Sherlock’s chair, which had been slightly displaced by the tree.
I am actually, somehow, able to enjoy the thread of the story—if it is well written (Mr Trollope’s novels are equally effective—although I love Mr Wilde’s stories they are not quite appropriate for these situations). I believe that it is soothing for me to be able to turn my own mind to something other than my friend’s distress.
“Just as we affirmed to Mrs. Bloom about ourselves, there is no tangible proof,” he explained in some frustration. “But I am not mistaken in his interest in... others like himself.”
The driver looked thoughtful. “Mr Holmes should have dinner with his brother,” he suggested, “in the small dining room.”
That Sherlock and I did share diggings, as we had before my marriage, was also an undeniable—and nonincriminating—fact.
Domesticity—yes. That was the thread running through my thoughts. Here was a bachelor suddenly endowed with what were without a doubt the trappings of the domestic situation of a married man. The china, the silver, the crystal—two place settings. It was meant as a message. But to what end? And from whom?
“Ooo, look what’s for lunch, Sherlock—macaroni cheese!” Solomon enthused. He had been informed that that was—well, it had been—one of his favourites as a child, and Mrs Parker was willing to make anything to entice him to eat. Solomon did not mention to her that there was a specific reason that he had requested a childhood favourite, but when they arrived in the kitchen, she had taken one look at the thin man and nodded, giving the nurse a small, understanding smile.
Who was it? He had been wondering for days. Sometimes he nearly had it. Sometimes he knew. And then it would slip away again.
You will recall that the coroner found no fang marks on her—there was no apparent means by which the creature injected its deadly poison. I should have realised the significance of this at the time, but my grief overcame my sense.
“Of course, my love,” I readily agreed—for that had been my desire from the first. I wanted him to share the burden of his memories with me, and then to distract him the best way I knew how from his dark thoughts.
Christopher walked across the room and casually seated himself across from him, so he could observe his face. “What have you got there?” the nurse asked easily. “An atlas?”
“What have you been up to?” Winifred asked Solomon suspiciously. “Hey. You. Drink your milk, love, and finish up that lovely mousse.”
I spent some time addressing the various bills and letters that had arrived in my absence. There was nothing terribly pressing, but I wanted to get my responses out of the way.
I have not washed a horse since I was a boy; we had a horse and trap for my father’s use in his medical practice and to take him and my mother to church on Sundays but since then I had not been in a situation that required such activities. However, I dimly recalled the technique, and I started at the top.
“I suppose it’s as good a time as any,” he continued. “Call everyone in and come sit down. We have to discuss my brother’s reappearance.”
have a partner and little Rosie.” The nurse’s expression became quizzical when Jones’ brow slipped farther into a deep frown. “Where are you going with this, Jamie?”
Sherlock couldn’t believe what he was hearing. They was going to lose this man, the man he loved for so long and from afar, to the military again and there was nothing anyone could do about it. Even fatherhood couldn’t seem to hold him back.
“Okay, Jamie, I got it! Geez, just lower your voice.” He intentionally lowered his volume at the last bit in an attempt to encourage the sergeant to do the same.
John’s spare set of dog tags. Sherlock immediately felt guilt because for a single moment he was glad John was gone, if only so he couldn’t see the tears beginning to overflow.
Executing a perfect push up, John rolled the two men off of him and onto the floor of the tent. Crawling up into a sitting position, the major stared down at his subordinates for a moment before all three burst into giggles like little school boys pulling him into a big hug.
"Well if it isn't old Three Continents." John recognized the first voice as Jamie Jones, an infantryman he'd dug plenty of bullets out of.
John pulled off his scrubs, dumping them in a laundry bin as he headed towards a sink to wash his face. He hadn't been in surgery that long in probably five years, his last deployment. Rubbing his neck to work the stiff muscles into responding, he jumped when someone stepped into the room behind him.
John quickly stood up. He scooped up the little girl placing her in the nearby cot, he popped a dummy in her mouth and pulled the taller man down on the sofa with him. Prying Sherlock’s hands out of his hair, he placed the dark head of curls on his chest and soothingly stroked it. He needed Sherlock to calm down before he actually hurt himself or scared Rosie. When John had returned to Baker Street, he noticed Sherlock had been more open with himself around John and allowed his emotions to be set free when it was just the three of them. Holding Sherlock like this as they cuddled on the couch seemed to work the fastest in calming the detective when he saw a panic attack developing behind those clear blue eyes. All he wanted to do was hold his two favorite people and never leave the flat again.
Automatically making a second cup of tea and a sippy cup, John brought them into the sitting room where he placed both cups beside their respective chairs, the sippy cup next to the brunet’s as he was still holding the toddler. “Sherlock, please sit down.”
"So how's -" An alarm and the sounds of heavy booted feet running outside the tent cut off Jamie's sentence.
The sergeant nodded in return, waving the two off as he headed towards his own bunk in the barracks for a nap. A smile sat on the soldier's face as he caught Watson and Murray's continuous banter across the yard, "... Bill! We're not even married! I am NOT gonna do that!"
Sherlock reread the letter several times. This couldn’t be happening. He had just gotten John back. Rosie should be their main priority. He had to call Mycroft.
Handing him the letter from earlier, the detective adjusted the little girl in his arms to his lap comfortably and soon realized why John had stood frozen on the stairs for so long.
Jamie rolled his eyes, “Sure, Bill. I’m not trying to start anything.” He held his hands up in defense. “He’s my friend too.” The sergeant sighed and looked over his shoulder where the two were still chatting close together. “It’s just that you’re around him more. Keep an eye on him, yeah?”
Just wanted to throw out a quickie for those of you still with me. Stick around and I'll have another chapter up soon!
to go back?” All the while his brain was running through several scenarios to keep the doctor home and not off in the desert. At Rosie’s frustrated wiggles in his lap, he set the toddler on the ground to run free; it was best she wasn’t in the middle.
If he could get one life back, maybe he could get the other as well... but could he keep them separate?
The moment Bill had his butt parked in the metal folding chair he felt Major Sholto tense up for a second. Glancing toward the doctor he quickly realized why, John was giving James the sly eye and a wink. He quickly shifted his gaze to Jamie and nodded once, confirming that the infantryman was most likely correct in his observations. Bill signed, took a sip of his beer, and took the lousy hand he’d just been dealt.
The thought of taking solace in his violin flitted through his mind until he remembered that he no longer had anyone to play for, and wouldn’t for six months. A sixteen month old couldn’t quite appreciate the stringed instrument as his John could.
It had been nearly a year now and it seemed that their life had settled into a comfortable relationship. Not many knew about the change in dynamic, but that’s how they liked it.
Bill figured a few rounds of poker would be okay and a way to release stress after the week the hospital had been having. Well, that was until he saw Major Sholto sitting just to the left of the dealer and an open seat beside him.
The two soon put the Watson/Sholto conundrum out of their head as action around base picked up. Jones out on patrols and Murray getting personal with the onsite hospital. Except fir the occasional quick chat as they passed, neither enlisted men had spotted the majors together outside of mess. Maybe they were just paranoid for their friend being back at war.
“Okay, now you’re just spouting facts, get on with it!” Bill was too annoyed with this conversation before he’d even downed his first cup of coffee.
John spent two and a half hours in the base's expansive gym trying to unwind his mind. With each rep his thoughts would bounce between the last five years with Sherlock, and now Rosie, to the previous two deployments he'd spent in Afghanistan. The doctor had been nearing the end of his second deployment when he was injured. John was never able to say goodbye to James or end their relationship properly as Sholto was injured the next week on a patrol, but by that time John was already on his was home to England.
Back in the flat, Sherlock stood at the window with Rosie still in his arms until he could see the DI’s car turn the corner and John was gone. The feeling of cool metal around his neck, and a heaviness against his chest that the little girl was trying to reach for, brought him back to reality as he looked down to see what John had given him.
The nurse nodded once more, “Thank, Jamie.” The two soldiers went their separate ways, a single thought through both minds.
“We? We aren’t going to do anything especially since right now we don’t even know what the hell is going on between those two.” Bill flailed a hand, gesturing wildly, “Hell, for all we know, those two are playing gin rummy and catching up on their lives, and just happen to run into each other every once in awhile outside the mess hall.”
The roar from the rain on the roof was so loud it was difficult to hear each other talk. John walked to the edge and looked out. He let the rain pour onto his hand, wiping the back of his neck with the cool water. He removed his boots and stuck his feet out, letting the rain pummel his toes. For a moment, he forgot where he was and laid back onto the ledge, his arms spread out at his sides.
"I bet," John hid his smile behind a cough. "And you come to Postman’s Park often? To play chess with your brother and mother?"
There were nights John barely slept, unable to shake the feelings of lust and desire pent up inside his neglected body. He ached for Sherlock’s touch, and the most painful moments were right after he’d left the warmth of Sherlock’s morning embrace. He longed to be alone with his lordship for an hour, a day, a week, to kiss, touch, fondle, explore. The desire consumed him. He thought of nothing else.
“When you said you wanted to speak to my father, I knew you were the one who had saved him from death during the war.”  Sherlock smiled at the memory. “I had made you into a hero in my mind without knowing it. And there you were, before me, in your worn out suit, your hat and cane -”
John whipped around. Sherlock smiled devilishly back at the young surgeon, pleased with pulling off his planned surprise.
He slid down against a concrete slab and lit a cigarette. Smoke curled from his lips and streamed out of his nose. He reached up and touched the tender bump still swelling on the top of his head.
The doctor’s stupefied expression was so comical that Marie had to turn away for fear of giggling outright.
Ahad nodded his head in respect and left John Watson alone in the unit. Sadness overwhelmed him at the thought of never seeing Felipe again. Though didn’t love the Spaniard in the way he loved Sherlock, the intense admiration and respect he felt for him had, for a time, almost felt the same.
They followed the marquess into another large, beautiful room with books piled high all around. All three settled in comfortable chairs with champagne in hand as Matthew led the conversation, peppering John with questions about the recent surgeries he’d performed. Sherlock used the time to take in the room, deducing the man’s hobbies, addictions, sleeping schedule and masturbatory habits.
Donovan didn’t hesitate to consult Sherlock on every murder case that floated across his desk. Sherlock loved every moment. He'd hurry off, sometimes in the middle of the night. He was having so much fun that John never fussed, though he secretly wished he could come along.
The bell signaled behind John as the door opened, and in walked a mother with two little boys, who were not happy in being dragged to the doctor.
He gently lowered himself onto John, the tip sliding inside of him. Excitement filled his trembling body. He braced himself with both hands against John’s abdomen as he pushed down more, feeling the stretch of his body fighting against the invasion, a feeling of heat and fire and pain briefly sweeping through his senses.
He flipped open the tin of sweets and pulled out the stolen medicine. He left the rest, shutting the lid and handing the tin to Sherlock.
Sherlock pulled away from him, and with purpose, tucked his violin under his chin, his elbow raised, his bow poised to strike.
John spent evenings and weekends learning about grapes and winemaking and working in the fields alongside the Canales family. He became good friends with Raul, whose interest in medicine gave them reason for many conversations. Even Felipe’s sister Francesca grew to like him, as once in awhile, a bread pudding or treacle tart would materialize next to the torrijas. John would thank her profusely and eat second and third helpings, and though she pretended to be put off by his displays of appreciation, the desserts continued to make random appearances.
John was removing a marble from the ear of one of Senora Margolis's boys when Maria walked in with the telegram.
John didn’t know how to finish the sentence. He found himself desperate to confide in someone, but he didn’t want to betray Sherlock’s confidence. The line between keeping the secret and saving his lover’s life was blurring considerably more each day.
“He said he’d hire me to manage his inventory. Plus…”. William looked away almost shyly. “He has bees. In the back lot. Hives.”
John hadn’t realized he was crying until he saw one of his tears drop onto the letter. He handed it over to Sherlock, then buried his head in his hands.
“His hideout is Brent Reservoir, near the east guardhouse,” he said. “He’ll eventually turn up there, as he doesn’t exactly blend in with the rest of society.”
"Idiot!" he hissed. Rage bubbled inside of him. He struck his temple with his fist. The pain radiated through his eyeball.
Sherlock wasn’t listening, and instead was inspecting the stone along one of the walls. He removed his gloves and felt with his palm along the damp rocks, concentrating deeply.
“Yes! Mycroft’s younger brother!” John saw Sherlock stiffen a bit out of the corner of his eye. “How is the old devil?”
“I don’t want to forget it,” he said. He approached him and tried to take his hand, but he was shaking so hard he forced his arm back down to his side. “Tell me. Tell me what you want.”
Shots rang out behind the mob. The men from the village quickly turned and scattered in confusion, leaving John and Felipe still ready to defend but unsure how to proceed. The dust cleared and a small band of British soldiers marched into the courtyard, bayonets and rifles raised.
“You know you still have some work to do” said Sherlock, motioning at half his trousers still glued to his leg.
He couldn’t help himself, his mouth suddenly was on Sherlock and Sherlock moaned. John forgot about the rest of the trousers that were still tight around Sherlock’s left leg and focused on the dick sliding in and out of his mouth.  He gently let his teeth graze along the bottom of the shaft and Sherlock yelled out in pleasure.
“Face down in the shower,” said Wiggins grimly. “The Yard said he drowned in an inch of water.” He suddenly looked as if he might cry, but managed to pull himself together. “Night, Sherlock,” he said, crawling back through the window.
As the sun came up in the east, John pounded the cobblestoned streets of west London in a dead run in pursuit of their murderer. Sherlock’s long legs gave him the advantage, and he tackled the man to the ground. The perpetrator managed to pop Sherlock once in the mouth, but threw up his hands in defeat when John pushed the barrel of his Browning into the back of his head.
Mycroft had told his brother on more than one occasion that caring was not an advantage and that sentiment was a form of weakness. Sherlock had chosen to subscribe to this same school of thought, though his desire for a friend, a partner, even -God forbid -a lover, had always been there, buried deep inside him, covered up by a brilliant, freight train of a brain and a thick layer of cynicism.
The Honourable Sherlock Holmes, the Earl of Cornwall’s second son, stood at the kitchen in the servant's hall with his new device. It sat in the middle of the prep table shooting a searing, blue flame into the air.
They spent the night kissing. They kissed on top of the covers, then underneath the sheets. They kissed with John on top, then they kissed on their sides. They fell asleep together in the bed, and even though the fire dwindled in the hearth, the two men stayed warm , nestled in each other’s arms.
Confusion flickered across John Watson’s face. “My lord,” he said carefully. “Might I inquire on Lord Siger Holmes, The Earl of Cornwall and Viscount of Land’s End?”
Wiggins nodded and swallowed. “Yes, Professor.” He turned and walked quickly back into the practice room.
The sun was bright as they made their way up the winding dirt path. Their pace was slow and leisurely as they enjoyed the greenery and shimmering lake below. Their activities from the night before had caused a bit of soreness. They would catch the other grimacing at certain points on the trail, especially when it became particularly steep. One would giggle and the other would join in, and then they would stop to rest and take generous swings from their canteen.
It felt so good he fell back against the door with a thud. Felipe continued to stroke him as his lips sucked and teeth bit along John’s small, swelling mouth.
“Of course I was asking you. I knew you’d show up eventually,” said Sherlock, pressing his goggles up onto his forehead. His leaned back against the kitchen table revealing trousers so tight John knew for sure Sherlock was definitely not of Jewish descent.
After a few minutes, the young medical student accidentally lost his footing, and Sherlock felt him drop. He held fast to his wrist and kept him suspended above the cold hard path.
John felt his chest swell with emotion. Never had someone offered him so much. It rendered him speechless.
Sherlock nodded as a tear fell from the corner of his eye and trickled down his cheek. He took a deep breath.
During one particularly gruesome, complicated case, Sherlock found himself stumped. He returned home in a strop, throwing his Persian slipper around the flat and dumping pipe tobacco all over the rug.
Sherlock had already written ahead for accommodations, but John was shocked to find they were not staying at a hotel but in an entire house that had huge doors that faced the beach. Sherlock tipped the driver and greeted the hostess who gave him the key to the front door.
“Good, good,” he said. “Now, arpeggios. Snappy.” He counted off and Sherlock complied, playing quick notes up and down the skipping scales.
Heavy footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs as Detective inspector Donovan appeared in the doorway. The older man was soaked and out of breath, and holding a letter.
Sherlock felt lips graze his shoulder, and reality hit him like a punch to the stomach. Just as he began to protest and turn, John gasped.
John grunted as their bodies brushed against each other. He quickly unbuttoned Sherlocks trousers and dropped to his knees.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and refilled his cup. He walked stiffly to the armchair next to John. He sat down and sighed. It was then he caught sight of the tin of sweets on the table between them.
trifled with. But if said Londoner had one day decided to abandon his career in criminology and move to the country, spending the better part of a decade studying these fascinating creatures, he would have learned that in the buzzing of a bee can also lay a simple "Hello!" or "There's food over there!" and much more, and how to distinguish these different meanings.
“Now, if you’ll excuse me” I said as I stood up, “I feel positively filthy. I’ve neglected my morning toilet for long enough, I believe.”
It wasn’t as if she couldn’t climb it on wheels as easily as as she could on foot, mind you, but the last time she’d done so the old girl had all but collapsed under her weight, and only thanks to a miracle had she managed to stay on the saddle during their descent and not crack her head open on some rock. She didn’t want to risk it again. The morning was beautiful, there was no denying this, but a walk in the fields tends to be enjoyable only as far as you don’t have to drag the metal carcass of a bike after you for a mile and a half. That she could do well without.
Watson reached down to squeeze his fingers, “Do you remember that collection of research upon the fauna of the colonies gathering dust in your attic?”
“I can’t shake the feeling that you’re jumping to conclusions, but as you say,” Doctor Watson conceded, now smiling. “Although I haven’t let them roam freely yet, and none have gone missing. Besides, there aren’t any signs of entry anywhere near the fence, nor any mysterious footprints.”
“On the contrary, I’m very glad you did. It might not be the result you hoped for, but it does have a unique charm of its own, don’t you think?”
do,” he scolded me, “we’ve had a conversation about the futility of modesty often enough. A misjudgement of one’s skills is a misjudgement, regardless of the sentiment behind it. On the contrary,” he smiled back down at the pages in his lap, “I believe Miss Potter might finally find a rival worthy of the title, if you ever decide to indulge in this whimsy.”
Watson straightened his back and shot Holmes a half-hearted glare. “As a matter of fact, it happens that I do.”
“Yes, and our new cow, at that! My mother asked me to tell you about it. We’ve looked for it everywhere, and we’re starting to believe someone stole it. Can Mr Holmes help us?”
For as far as she pushed her memory to go (which wasn’t much, considering her own age had only just recently reached a two-digit number), there had always been someone in the cottage. She found it hard to imagine it empty and collecting dust. Despite what she’d been told by her older sister and her mother and pretty much anyone that had, as a result, lived in a time when it was indeed the reality, the thought just didn’t feel right.
“Don’t you worry, doctor. It’s only been a few days. I bet they just need more time to get used to the place ‘n’ stuff.”
Holmes pressed one final, quick kiss to my lips before standing back and returning to his earlier position, sitting cross-legged on our settee with the papers arranged in his lap.
Doctor Watson looked from his companion and back to her for a moment, then broke out into a kind smile and offered her his hand.
“It’s- Um. I was...” Watson put his hands on his hips, suddenly self-conscious. “I was attempting to make a window.”
Mr Holmes dropped some coins into her outstretched palm. “Melanie here is something of a deliveryman for the local population. She is a blessing for weak knees.” He rubbed his hands together with a pensive expression, “About that, dear girl, I wanted to discuss a slight change in our little agreement.”
“Nothing, oh nothing, my dearest. I was thinking,” Holmes giggled to himself and kissed his cheek. “This is not quite what I had meant with ‘
Some time later that night, after a few journeys back and forth filled with endless apologies and, at one point, a surprisingly placid snake in the comfortable though temporary confines of a carton box, Sherlock Holmes found himself once again inside his cottage, the fire rumbling in the grate warming his frozen bones, and a mighty headache preparing to lay siege to his frontal lobe.
,” he mumbled, “Commonly found in central and west Africa but kept in captivity as an exotic pet as well. Our mystery is solved.”
“Two?” Melanie exclaimed, biting her tongue at once over her lack of manners but nevertheless unable to contain her curiosity. “Is Doctor Watson staying for long?”
“Oh, they shouldn’t, there are already enough windows to let the air and light in. I’ve planned for them to be free to come and leave as they please, but their coop should allow them at least one space where they can feel safe whenever they wish for some peace and quiet. And,” Watson explained, “I was hoping to make it match the window of the study”.
That seemed to rob Holmes of his speech. He blinked, once or twice, surprised despite himself at this small alleyway of Watson’s character that he had somehow never noticed before.
Melanie shook her head, “You don’t know my mother, sir. Not setting a price isn’t going to stop her, she will just set one herself and you will have to be the ones to accept it. Besides, I agree with her. It feels a tad like being robbed, the way you and Mr Holmes go about doing business.”
Holmes chuckled under his breath, but the sound quickly turned into a full, though silent, laugh. Watson opened his eyes one last time to glare at him.
The animal, feeling itself called into question, yowled its disapproval and kneaded Watson’s breast. When it caught its claws into his nightshirt, Watson disentangled them from the cloth and grabbed its head as it tried to playfully bite his fingers.
“Apologies for the handwriting,” I said, anticipating his remark, “but it is a first draft in every sense of the word. While I always rewrite them before I show them to you, if I have to lay my eyes on that thing again, I fear I might be sick.”
"I wouldn't have done it if I hadn't considered your presence here quite invaluable to my happiness."
“Oh, don’t make that face, I’m not disposing of your services. Au contraire, I wished to ask if bringing more food would be a nuisance to you. Our regular deal might not be enough for two, I’m afraid.”
The thing about working as a delivery man, thought Melanie, wrenching the brakes to stop her bicycle from careening off a hill, is that the harder you work and the faster you, well, deliver, the less people see you as a delivery
“I fear,” Holmes mused, rolling onto his belly and pillowing his arms under his head, “that young Melanie’s theory might have some truth to it. That is the first egg your chickens have laid since you bought them, isn’t that right?”
“Not to worry, Watson here will tell you everything. We set to work early in the morning so as to bring the cake over before lunch. We hope it will be to your liking.”
He gave her a complicit grin, his eyebrows flickering upwards. “A raise seems only logical to me. Don’t you agree, miss?”
“Then you can find our cow too— wait,” she stopped. “What do you mean with ‘stolen lost horse’. How can a horse be stolen
“I believe I did, though I’m afraid I couldn’t tell you the exact time I lost consciousness.” I brushed the duvet between my index and thumb. “Thank you, by the way.”
“Really?” blinked Watson, with the face of a man somewhat relieved at the prospect of not inspecting a dead body right before lunchtime.
Holmes squinted at the misshapen structure hanging on the side of the coop. His vision was blurry, but even without his glasses, he could tell that Watson’s attempt didn’t have the desired result. He kept his expression blank.
And despite the adrenaline fueled haze that screamed at him to protect a pair of particularly scrawny ankles from a particularly venomous pair of fangs, Watson felt a thin beam of reason cut through the fog.
So when Holmes felt the hive hiss as he reached for another frame, he didn't give it much thought, and simply smoked the girls crawling on top to calm them down and get a safer grip.
Watson let go of his hand to cup his face in his palms, and Holmes turned into the caress like a cat.
She took it and gave a firm squeeze, her shoulders squared mirroring his own, before finally handing the basket over.
“Then it has to be a predator,” Melanie insisted. “Could be a fox or a badger. Or maybe an opossum, or a skunk!”
The man awkwardly toyed with his moustache, but Mr Holmes simply clasped a hand on his shoulder. He was…smiling. More than he had ever done, as far as she knew; Melanie couldn’t quite remember seeing him this happy before.
“A very sly tiger, then. And don’t be so quick! Assuming there are no tigers with Doctor Walters just down the road is madness. He’s got all kinds of exotic animals over there. He could be hiding a dozen tigers in his basement. I don’t trust him one bit.”
Melanie’s eyes grew unfocused for a moment, then widened with excitement “Or maybe they feel threatened by something!”
“My dear boy, I wouldn’t blame you,” he laughed softly, “one too many fistfights has rendered it quite an ugly thing.”
Holmes was looking at his work of the past hour, his head tilted an imperceptible inch to the right. “Pardon my asking, dear, but what exactly were you trying to achieve?”
Watson hesitated for a second, a lifelong habit of stating the obvious still unbroken, before resting his hand in the nest of half-greyed hair.
Mr Smith’s package! As if it drove all the way there on its own. What rubbish. If Mr Smith wanted his package so badly, he could very well meet her halfway.
It was a beautiful summer night, somewhere down in Sussex. The torturing humidity of the previous year didn’t seem to visit the green hills surrounding their little cottage, and the ground was pleasantly warm after a full day of unbroken sunshine. All throughout the fields, the insect world thrummed with life, their buzzing choir intonating a song as old as the land they inhabited, perhaps older, and the soft beating of their wings filled the air. In the distance, the sea lay silent.
He stretched his arms above his head, flinching at the popping sounds in his joints, when he noticed something smooth brush against the back of his fingers.
But in a time when any man or woman with some sense left into them would be fast asleep with their mind set on tomorrow, the cottage was curiously restless. Before the open front door stood the figure of a man. The light coming from the kitchen behind him flowed out into the darkness, haloing his slippered silhouette. He squinted at the night and huffed.
The ridiculous part was that it was a Thursday too. She couldn’t stand Thursdays; they usually got on her nerves by noon.
“Well, I do,” Watson was smiling madly, “I need you to go inside, find the keys to my automobile, and drive to the village.”
Shaking off the last crumbs of fantasies with a jerk of her head, she pulled herself together and gave a thundering knock at the door.
And yet I lingered. I made a show of rubbing my stiffened leg, but truth be told, the spirit of the writer in me awaited eagerly for some sort of response for my full night of work. I watched Holmes’ face, studying the slight changes in his expression as he struggled through my mangled handwriting. As he turned the first page, I was surprised to see his eyebrows shoot up his prominent brow and almost disappear into his hairline. He blinked twice and studied the manuscript intently. He turned to the second page and, sure enough, his eyes fixed themselves with such an intensive curiosity they could have burned a hole clean through the paper. In less time than it could have possibly taken to read the text, he again turned another page.
In the picture, I had captured him kneeling, almost sprawled on the floor, fully engrossed in his examination of the carpet while looking for cigar ash. I wasn’t altogether happy with the end result, but there was something in the simplicity of rushed lines and rough shapes that conveyed the pure frantic energy of the chase that always gripped my friend during an investigation. His lean form lay crouched, twisted, yet elegant as seen from the back, the weight and strength of his upper body resting solely on one arm while the other hovered in front of his face.
Felipe shrugged his massive shoulders. “I’m curious to know why an Englishman would want to run a shitty apothecary in Tangier.”
The middle-aged man raked a calloused hand through his graying copper hair. “He expects a surgeon, so he can boast about the theater he funded. I respectfully request that you attend in my stead.”
Dimmock closed the door behind him. John stood in the large, airy room, taking in the reality of the moment. He then stepped through the connecting doors and knocked. When Sherlock didn't answer, he walked on in.
Palms sweaty, Sherlock brought his violin up to his chin, and played for less than five seconds before Brook cut him off.
“Bravo.” Brook said. He sauntered around his enormous desk and hopped up onto the middle to sit.  “A man of many talents. Have a seat.”
“I love you, John,” he whispered, settling himself into the crook of John's shoulder. There they laid for a good half hour, enjoying each other’s bodies and warmth and breath.
John kept it to himself that he’d also applied at the same hotel, and had been summarily turned down for the same position when he had returned from Afghanistan.
The strong, defined muscles in his hips flexed as John kept it slow and steady. His thighs rolled in a rhythm that made the bed squeak.
“Watson. I don’t want…” He paused and looked down at John, who was staring back at him a bit mortified. “I give you my word. My intentions are true.”
Sherlock reached forward and pulled up the leg of his trousers. He observed the brace and the condition of his leg in complete silence. He then began to undo the leather straps.
“Nay,” he said, laughing. “Glad you’re on our side, Watson. You won’t be wasted in the infirmary after the Captain finds out you're a crack shot.”
John nodded in respect to both Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft, then motioned for his teammate as they jogged back to the field, rugby ball in hand.
Voices beyond the thicket startled both men into separating. They rounded the corner into the main path along the pond, and walked like two friends returning from an evening stroll.
He landed hard on his behind, bruised by what he thought was a small stone. When he pulled it from the ground, it was something else entirely.
He pulled him close and kissed him, his hands roaming his naked body as he grew hard against his stomach. John slowly awoke to his caresses, and immediately responded in kind, stroking and loving him with his hands and mouth.
John got up and unwisely filled his cup again. He faced the window, watching the rain pour down the pane. “What if you lived here?” he said carefully. “Maybe you could be happy. Here. In a modern city.”
"It's okay. Stay there," said the man smoothly. He removed his jacket and hung it leisurely on the coat rack. He stepped back, hands buried in his pockets.
“Very impressive, Dr. Watson,” said the matriarch. “Glad you could join us. Have you ever been to this part of the England?”
John was speechless with excitement. He nodded his head enthusiastically and went back to his homework.
Ten weeks to the day had passed since he’d seen Sherlock in the flesh, and a telegram arrived at the hospital. With Mrs. Hudson on the mend, Sherlock was finally back in Alnwick, staying with Lady Katherine.
“Si, Dr. Canales. He holds hours Tuesdays and Thursdays.” He pointed with his thumb. “End of town, last house on the left.”
John's eyes were unfocused and red around the rims. It took him a few moments to realize Sherlock had asked him a question.
The next section of the garret opened up into a wide space, as pristine and sterile as the apothecary had been cluttered and unclean. The layout resembled a Greek style theater, with benches forming a half circle looking over a small, round center, where a simple wooden slab around six feet long sat perched in the middle.
“I’m not sure,” said Molly. “Let me look in the cedar chest in the housekeeper’s room. We’ve keepsakes of all kinds in there.”
That morning he reported for Concert Band as ordered, following the older students into the large, ornate classroom and carefully choosing his chair, the last in the row of violins.  Wiggins walked in and upon noticing Sherlock gave him a salute and a grin. Sherlock nodded back, but continued to keep a low profile. The students filing in were older, confident, and less chatty than those in Beginner Band.  It was all business, players tuning, warming up and organizing their music with little distraction.
“Alright, then,” John answered. “I used to enjoy riding on this estate, back in the day. I thought you might like to join me.”
John guided them both to the bed, and pushed Sherlock down into the mattress as he crawled on top, kissing him and manhandling him, pulling at his trousers and undressing him with practiced ease. Sherlock seemed to short-circuit, engrossed in John’s lips and doing little else to help the process, letting the older man control the pace and the flow.
He forced himself to rise and wash before crashing into sleep. He thought of placing the book back inside his dresser drawer, but thought better of it and left it under his pillow. He still had seven days before the family returned. He was going to make the most of it.
“That place,” he said, his voice trembling. “I can hardly believe it.” He sat down heavily on the sofa.
As soon as John found the city of Paris lonely and overwhelming, he left, switched trains in Toulouse, and instead of heading east, went further south.
Sherlock manhandled the smaller man so a knee was bent over his own slender thigh. His large palm was generously slicked, and he tugged and twisted and held fast to Johns length as he pressed into him.
The two men seemed to click, and with the help of Sherlock, the Yard had their perpetrator behind bars by suppertime.
He also got his wish for torrential weather, but it came several hours too late. The rain and then large balls of hail began to fall just as the men had finished their brandy and cigars.
Luckily they had both dressed before falling asleep together. Felipe opened the door to find a terrified Ahad, holding John’s loaded pistol in a shaking hand.
John gently sat down next to him on the bed. He carefully extended his arm around his narrow shoulders.
Sherlock, who had witnessed more salacious scenes in his short 18 years, found his face hot and his body flooded with fire. He found he couldn’t avert his eyes. Sherlock was a master at observing detail, but he wasn’t a voyeur. This was new. He leaned against the building off to the side, out of view, and watched the two lovers, who were blissfully unaware of their audience of one.
John worked him over and over, sucking his length, licking his testicles, kissing his center. He gently pushed his finger in along with his tongue. Sherlock fluttered open even wider, so hot and slicked with his own spit. John lost his breath when he thought about putting himself inside of there, just a little, just for a bit. It would be so warm and so tight. He wondered if Sherlock would let him just as fresh blood rushed into his aching groin, making him slightly dizzy.
Mr. Thomas’s visit had indeed given John the “kick in the arse” he so desperately needed. He’d stopped the heavy drinking and cigars, and his health had improved significantly with daily walks and regular meals.
“Pretend you’re fucking me,” he said softly. "How you’d want to, how you’d need to." He held his hand still as Sherlock hesitated and then slowly lifted his hips and thrusted his throbbing cock into John’s open fist.
He yelped and fell to the ground. The crowd behind him hesitated, but the man began to shout orders at them, motioning for them to attack.
“No, John, no,” whispered Sherlock. “You didn’t kill her.”  He pulled John from him and looked him in the eyes. “You didn’t kill her.”
John left Lestrade and his men with Felipe as he examined Masala, a young woman from the village that also happened to be Ahad’s betrothed. He looked up at the young Moroccon.
John had never felt another person’s lips on him, and it was hot and wet and wonderful. He kept his hips still and let Sherlock take him and do what he wished. John began to mimic Sherlock’s moves with his own mouth. It wasn’t long before Sherlock sobbed and groaned and came easily onto John’s tongue. The sudden warmth and bitter taste gave John an adrenaline rush. He spent himself into Sherlock’s mouth as he continued to lick and suck and swallow him down.
Each week that passed he grew happier. His appreciation for Felipe deepened into a blissful contentment that he was sure was a type of love. He didn’t feel for the Spaniard as he’d felt for Sherlock, but he didn’t want to either. No, with Felipe, it was different. It wasn’t a romantic love, but it was love. He couldn’t imagine his life without him.
John shook his head. “I don’t know. She said I should leave right away since I was sixteen and my employment terminated upon my mother’s death.” John turned to Sherlock, a deep sadness in his eyes. “I lost everything.” He leaned back against the rocks, his head dipping with the weight of the memory. “I was on my way to Luss, where my father is buried. He was a vicar. I was hoping to find family or a place to stay, maybe work with the church there.” John turned back to Sherlock. “But on the way, I met the soldier…” John didn’t go on, but shrugged his shoulders.
“Johnny,” she said, holding back tears. “The steward came by with your wages. And here, the cook packed you enough food to last the week.”
Sherlock, weak from months of poor self-care, was already sweating and worn down from the brief tussle. John pushed him down and pinned him to the bed, albeit more roughly than he intended. Sherlock, momentarily stunned, stopped struggling. John leaned down and whispered hotly in Sherlock’s ear:
“M’lord,” answered John, slightly bowing. “May I introduce my colleague and friend, The Honourable Sherlock Holmes.”
The two men came so close to colliding that John felt Sherlock's breath on his cheek. Their eyes locked in a naked, passionate glance.
The two men sat on the porch for a long while, listening to the frogs sing and the locusts whine. The sun had almost set, and the shadows had grown so long they’d finally disappeared.
“Mr. Thomas, I do hope I can count on you to call on me in Edinburgh,” he said. “I am happy to forward train fare.”
The command was so sweet and sincere that John immediately reached for the salve. He slid his lips off of Sherlock’s sex and slicked himself generously. He pulled Sherlock close and settled between his long, spread legs. He hiked his thighs up with his steady, hands and leaned forward.
Sherlock raked his long fingers through John’s short, blond hair, and pulled the soon-to-be doctor tightly against his chest while wrapping his legs firmly around John’s waist, his feet brushing his arse. John cried out helplessly and whispered, “Sherlock, oh, God, I can’t…”
Mycroft, the eldest and heir, was now the Earl of Cornwall. He was born to fill the role, not just because he was the first but because ruling suited him. Sherlock, on the other hand, was interested only in science and his experiments and rarely heeded a word his brother or anyone said.
Sherlock planned to explore the secret tunnel he'd discovered the moment John rung him for a second date.
“I second my wife’s sentiment,” said Mycroft. “Dr. Watson, it is a pleasure to see you again.” He held out his hand. John shook it.
Before Sherlock could respond, John again grabbed him and continued through the dark corridor. It was a good long while before Sherlock responded.
He obediently licked John's smooth, firm member for ages before taking it between his plump lips. He felt incredibly sexy and powerful as he slid his tongue up and down his lover's cock, relishing the pressure fed to him by the John's thick fingers. He pushed his bottom back against John's hand and moaned.
Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of John, placing a kiss on his chapped lips. "Promise," he grumbled.
“Besides, you don’t need me to go to London,” he said, a little more calmly. “You have the money and the inclination.”
He felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. What Sherlock was offering him was beyond his wildest dreams. This brilliant man, the eccentric scientist, British spy, second born son of the Earl of Cornwall had become his best friend, his family, his lifeline to a happier life, and this beautiful man dared to risk it all by professing his love for him, an orphan, broken soldier, the hired help? Overwhelmed didn’t begin to describe what John was feeling, but a tiny voice growing louder each day was telling him to face the truth buried deep inside. He knew it was unusual for a man his age to have never had one sexual experience, not even a kiss, until Sherlock’s lips touched his in Berlin. John had banished all thoughts of a sexual nature from his mind long ago when he found that he too had a crush on a footman, and on his schoolteacher, and on the marquess’s son...
John sat heavily on the bed, then fell back onto the pillows. He could still smell Felipe’s soap and cologne in the unwashed pillowcase. He read and reread the note over and over, wiping his wet eyes with his thumbs.
“What is it,” answered Sherlock, slumped in his chair with his lithe legs stretched out on the ottoman in front of him. The fire roared with heat, the flames dancing in the glass cup he held in his long, graceful fingers.
It was then the familiar sound of Jean Pierre’s prattle emanated from outside, breaking the small spell that had temporarily surrounded the two men. John closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened them, Felipe had opened the door and walked out onto the street.
“I'm not,” said John shaking his head. “I'm telling you, where I come from, everyone has their place. I managed to leap above my station. I'm grateful, for my life, for your friendship…”
A year came and went. John convinced Felipe to expand the rioja vine, assuring him the blight mutated and was no longer a threat. They spent winter nights playing games with Raul as Francesca nagged at them for being too rowdy. John convinced the young man to attend medical school in Barcelona, despite his mother’s wishes. He promised to put in a good word for him in Edinburgh if he kept his marks up.
Sometimes she’d get caught up in his stare. He wasn’t staring at her of course. He was analyzing his clients like he does, with his fingers tented, pressed against his lips.
“This staff dates back to the 17th century. Jean-Baptiste Lully conducting Te Deum for Louis the fourteenth. He tapped this baton in a rhythm.” Brook dramatically moved his arm up and down, swaying to music that wasn’t there. “And he tapped it so vigorously that he smashed his toe, resulting in an infection that eventually killed him.”
John quickly turned and hurried back into the parlour. He drank down his claret and poured himself another glass, willing the erection that had half-formed in his trousers to go away.
Mycroft lifted an eyebrow. “Of course I care, baby brother. I sent an entire regiment to ensure your safety, didn’t I?”
John closed the door behind him and sat down in the only chair in the room. Sherlock stared at the floor as he wrapped his blankets around him tighter, as if to brace himself against John's forthcoming tirade.
Sherlock nodded as a throb of pure want pulsed through John's cock at the sight of his blunt fingers edging inside the plump limps. A wet, slick tongue played with the tips, and suddenly it was John moaning aloud.
Felipe half-smiled in response. His expression hinted more at apathy that distress. “And you? Maria gave me your message. Pray tell, are you finally a real surgeon?”
He leaned in, keeping his voice as low as he could over the whistle of the train. “If I marched in there and demanded the title, our lives would be like one of your specimens under a microscope.”
He closed his eyes. “I’m frightened that I’ll be recognized, that bad memories will overwhelm me…”. His voice filled with shame. “I’m such a coward.”
She thought it might be a perfect moment to casually mention her feelings towards him. If he rebuffed her advances then she could laugh it off as a joke, a misunderstanding. But, she also knew it would be near impossible for Sherlock to hear her over the noisy chatter of the patrons. So, she waited, and enjoyed, even just for a moment, touching him, smelling him, being with him.
Sherlock hesitated, but he’d had a shitty day, and he was so badly shaken up from it that he could barely bring himself to stand. He let Raibert help him up and bring him back to the bar, where the huge Scotsman muscled his way in, finding them both seats.
Friedrich August Kekulé von Stradonitz greeted Sherlock enthusiastically as his carriage pulled up to the building. He was a handsome man in his fifties, impeccably dressed and groomed and spoke with a rich, elegant accent. He warmly introduced himself to John, and John addressed him back in broken German, which he seemed to appreciate. They all squeezed into the cab to Reinstoff.
Sherlock smiled back, grateful for the pep talk, and kissed him for it. Sherlock carefully positioned himself over John’s lap as he stroked himself. He watched John add lubricant to his own sheathed member, stroking it up and down, it somehow growing even bigger in size. Sherlock braced a hand against John’s chest, and with the other, held on to the base of John’s prick below him.
Sherlock smiles weakly, and bringing the back of John’s hand to his lips. “I guess I will have a boyfriend in uniform.” Sherlock gives John a smoldering look.
He then leaned forward and buried his face in John’s neck, his hips grinding harder and deeper. John whined and held on to his soft, white bottom, wishing he could see himself moving in and out of Sherlock’s body.
John finally recognised him as the man he’d rescued from the two Afghan soldiers. “How are you feeling, sir? I might need to check your stitches…”
"So," Brook mews, almost singing his response. "You know I'm looking for..." His lips curl. "...Players."
Later that evening, before bed, John studied the calculations the old villager banker had given him on currency exchange. The Canales family winery was most likely 5,400 pounds in debt, which, according to the property value, plus the business, exceeded the collateral.
John licks his lips. “Yeah, see, that’s the way we need to think.” John leans forward and kisses him gently.
Sherlock was back in the Sliver, buried under his blankets, cursing the sunshine and wishing he were dead. His head throbbed as much as his heart ached, both ailments taking turns at overwhelming him to tears. If he hadn't lost John before with his lies, he'd definitely lost him for what he’d done last night.
“So young,” he moaned, rubbing the long stick along Sherlock’s chest, poking at his nipples. Sherlock tried to cover himself, but Brook told him to stop.
John attempted to get up from the bed. It was almost embarrassing how easily Peter was able to keep him from stirring.
Silent, fat tears began rolling down Sherlock’s cheeks. He gripped John’s hand like a vice. “I miss you,” he whispered, his voice shaking. “I know what I did. But you’re what I want.” He wiped at the tears with his fingers. “I had you, and I ruined it.” The nasty headache he’d been enduring all morning suddenly returned with a vengeance. He leaned back against the wall, covering his eyes with his forearm.
Guilt, sadness and relief washed over him. He let the tears slide out of his eyes, blinking to stop the blurriness so he could still watch over the sleeping man before him.
Sherlock groaned obscenely. John had never heard him make a noise like that, and he wanted to hear it again. He pressed his tongue back in and kissed and licked deeply, forcing his body to open further. Again Sherlock let out a noise that sounded more animal than human. It did nothing but encourage John to go deeper, to spread him wide.
“He told me, this morning,” Felipe answered, shaking his head.  “The innkeeper’s son worked at the consulate’s office, and hired Sherlock as an interpreter when he realized he spoke fluent German and English.”
Two months. It had been two months since a man had touched him. He felt some mornings as if he could hammer nails with his pecker. It was his own fault. He’d received a terse reply from Felipe in his last letter about his delay, as he’d made something up about William needing help with the barrister and the lease on Baker Street.
“What did I tell you?” breathed John, removing Sherlock's hand. “Next time, I take care of you, yeah?”
Wiggins laid back down, hands behind his head. “I can’t prove it. And I don’t really want to since I’m almost out of here. But I think he’s a fake.”
Wednesday afternoon in the windowless, stuffy Beginner band practice room was slowly dissolving into mayhem.
John smirked as he walked in, throwing his rucksack and a large duffle bag on the desk. "Guess we'll never know now will we?"
John exhaled a breath he didn’t know he was holding as the baby began to cry. He turned the infant over gently and handed her back to Maria, who wrapped her in a blanket.
“It was dreadful at the time” said Sherlock thoughtfully. “But as our relationship unravelled I began to see that Victor had chosen to lie. I could see the pain it caused him, being unable to face who he was, forcing himself to fit in. I’ve never regretted being with him, because he helped me define who I wanted to be and the kind of life I was willing to live.”
“John,” said Sherlock, a large, slender hand cradling John's cheek. “You're all I think about.” His hand lowered to stroke John's chest through the nightshirt. “Let me in. Let me love you.”
Sherlock adjusted himself in his seat, and quickly stretched his arm out to relieve a kink. He felt flustered, anxious, and was growing very frustrated.
“Oh, there goes Doctor Watson again, bragging about his apothecary. John Watson, the savior of Tangier!”
“He’s in the nursery,” answered Irene. “Come, I’ll have him brought to us.” They walked in the main door just as the Duke approached Sherlock. He shook his hand vigorously.
The next morning, Sherlock walked into the main hall for his morning music theory class when a pretty young woman stopped him in the hallway.
At first John was confused at the question, but then he remembered Lady Irene complaining about the lack of French wine, hearing it had something to do with the failure of the wine crop on the continent.
"Mrs. Hudson," smiled Sherlock. He reached for a kiss on the cheek. The woman, in her late sixties, chirped in response.
He woke to a small package on his bedside, wrapped in string. Inside were stacks of Mrs Hudson’s handkerchiefs, with Sherlock's folded on top.
Raibert released John, and stood in front of Sherlock, assessing him up and down, even licking his lips as his eyes grazed his groin. "Raibert MacDougal," he said in a thick Scottish brogue, holding out his hand. "And who might you be?" he purred.
Felipe hesitated, but he didn't break his gaze. He finally spoke, emotion stuck to every word tumbling from his swollen lips.
John gripped Felipe’s biceps as the doctor thrusted deeply inside of him, his flat stomach rubbing against his cock over and over again. He titled his small arse up higher into the Spaniard's rolling thighs, and was struck by patterns of rainbows behind his shut eyelids as he blissfully writhed and released himself. His body spasmed with pleasure both inside and outside, his body wracked with an ecstasy he’d never known before. As he felt his slickness pour out onto his belly, he could hear Felipe’s breath momentarily stop as warmth filled him from the inside.
John slid underneath the blanket and took Felipe into his mouth. Felipe responded in kind, his fingers finding their way into the crevice of John’s behind. John sucked him for only a few moments before Felipe flipped him into his stomach and spread his legs wide. He massaged the inside of his small hips before leaning forward, taking liberties where John had not been touched by another in months.
Mr and Mrs Thomas had recently married in a small ceremony in London, and had chosen to settle in Berwick upon Tweed. This meant John and William had been on their own and had eaten out practically every meal. The dirty teacups that had piled up in the sink were quite a point of contention between the two men, so it had been a relief to leave the flat and head south to Sussex Downs. Stamford had offered up the free housing. It was a cottage owned by his late uncle, who had been the village doctor for 40 years and had never married. He’d built the cottage himself, and had been quite a fixture in the community until his passing the year before.
John guided himself in, pressing the head of his length slowly into the heat of his lover’s body. The sensation was as thrilling and overwhelming as the first time he'd felt it. Sherock’s fingers fluttered over his biceps and then curled tightly around them.
Sherlock still hesitated. He looked up at Land’s End in the distance, then back toward the village. His hand floated along his scalp, fingers barely touching his scar.
William drank it down gratefully, sputtering and hacking. He soon calmed, however, and sat down, drained from his failing health and the day's activities.
They both leaned in, lips meeting in a tender, desperate kiss. Felipe cradled the younger man’s face and held him close, breathing him in. His tongue slid against John’s as he gently maneuvered him onto his back.
John moaned into the Spaniard's lips as he began again to stroke himself. Felipe looked down and watched intently. His long fingers pushed John’s sweaty hair away from his forehead as the others traced gentle patterns over his chest and stomach.
The shock in the younger man’s eyes lasted only a moment, but John saw the wheels turning in that big brain. Not caring about his lost memories - that thought had never occurred to him.
“Excuse me, miss,” he had said, to her great disappointment, with a pristine English accent, “but I noticed you seem to have started a small business in deliveries and I was wondering if I may join your list of clients.”
“I’ve been living in this cottage for some years now, a time in which I’ve had ample opportunities to leave my own... let us say mark, in the place,” he explained. “The havoc of papers and notes you undoubtedly noticed, the photos and memorabilia from my travels as well. I’ve had my hives, which needed their good number of accommodations in my everyday life, and those smaller peculiarities born out of sheer boredom or on a whim—though I haven’t shot the initials of any monarch into the wall as of yet. What I mean to say is that I’ve made this house my home, and that by leaving your own signature, however sloppy it may be, I’m happy to be able to share this home with you.”
“I’m afraid I didn’t have the chance,” said Watson, rolling his eyes. “Ten-year-old girls are already quite hard to catch up with at my age, but the task becomes especially Herculean when the child happens to be on a bicycle.”
Watson laughed, “As you wish, but I am letting your mother choose our recompense. And it mustn’t be money! Surprises are always more exciting, don’t you think? Now, if only Mr Holmes would come back to human civilization...”
Turning, John felt his first genuine smile in two weeks spread as he faced his longtime friend, "It's major now."
“But you’re needed here!” In a rare display of true emotion, Sherlock jumped up from his chair and started pacing around the sitting room of the flat, making sure to weave around the toddler’s attempts mimicking him. John could hear him muttering under his breath as the detective put his hand on his head and into those curls that the doctor loved so much. He could almost see the stress pouring off of Sherlock as he started pulling on his own hair.
They were silent a moment, the empty room suddenly this with tension. Before he could really register his own actions, John pulled the other man down into a heated kiss reminiscent of that day years ago when John had left for that patrol that ended his career - or so he thought.
“Are you hungry?” the nurse asked him. He thought about it for a bit, then nodded. “What would you like to eat?” He attempted to reply, but he clearly could not get any words out.
In response, Sherlock grabbed the first book from the pile by the sofa and thrust it at his brother.
“It also explains how the houses were chosen for the ‘gifts,’” Lestrade added. “All relatives of the victims. None of
I finished the fingernails on his right hand and carefully wiped both arms with the sponge. “Oh, dear. That is a shame. How did he come to lose it?” I commented.
Now that Sherlock was a bit more settled, perhaps they could move him into his own room? He sighed, knees creaking as he stood and stretched and went in search of his brother and the new nurse.
Summoned by an urgent call from the housekeeper, Mycroft’s driver and gardener had thundered up the stairs and into their boss’s bedroom.
I laughed at this. Of course, he did not know what a dinosaur was. Like the earth revolving around the sun, this was simply not relevant to the great mind.
The same action was performed with his other wrist, and now he was getting very curious. He lifted his head and tried focusing on his hand. He raised it, but after moving it only a few inches, its progress was halted by…
The two other men approached now, each taking an arm as gently as they could, while the nurse prepared an injection.
Mummy—who was young and looked completely overwhelmed—gave him the smallest of smiles at his reassurance. She had rushed into the surgery with her son shortly before they were scheduled to close, but one glance at the heavily-bleeding gash that split the five-year-old boy’s right eyebrow in two and John had had no problem assuring them that he would take care of them.
Locked in. We have been locked in for four days now. Sherlock is currently attempting, on my request, to have a bit of a lie-down. He has not, as far as I can determine, slept more than sixteen hours total since we arrived—and that does not include his sleepless night before we departed from Baker Street, and despite his protestations that he is not tired, his body clearly knows better. He trembles now as he has all along, but now it is not solely in agitation. It is with exhaustion.
He shook his head. “My mind is all a jumble of cheetahs and pokers and bed-ropes. I am so gratified that our client is safely removed from it all. May I tell you something, John?”
Mycroft had been awake for over twenty-four hours at that point, and even he was admitting to feeling somewhat fatigued, but they had to get the CT done. He had gotten a few hours of work in. Now he headed back to his bedroom.
“And once there, I was attending to your investigations—I assure you I was, but… my love—you are just so very beautiful. When we are intimate together, I cannot think of a single other thing. And sometimes—yes—it does spill into other times of our lives.” I took a deep breath.
“Doctor Watson!” She managed to sound outraged whilst looking terribly amused. I do so love her liveliness.
Mycroft has not visited us every day since he became our host, but he has these past few, and he is equally encouraged by his brother’s efforts. He does not blink an eye at his more eccentric behaviours—as Sherlock has always done, he eschews proper dress in private unless encouraged, but he inquires as to Sherlock’s progress on his “composition” (meaning the various pieces of paper strewn across the floor, on which he has scribbled a haphazard collection of notes) and if he has read anything interesting in the newspapers.
John’s eyes grew a bit watery. “You’re welcome, sweet boy. Now, last two and then how about I make some hot chocolate?”
Four days later, as I rounded the corner and approached our house, I was puzzled to observe the new maid-of-all-work making a hasty departure. As she was headed in my direction, I managed to impede her flight.
I am not certain who looked more shocked—Mrs. Bloom, Mr. Bloom, or myself. I had sensed the direction in which he was headed, based upon his line of questioning, but I had not anticipated such a blunt observation.
Sherlock was impressed with how satisfying the sound of the smashing china was. Did everyone think he was an idiot? Two bites would be more than enough to kill him.
It did seem to stimulate him a bit; he began to take notice of our surroundings and, as always thrilled me, to explain to me the music that we were about to enjoy. I always got some much more out of our evenings when he did so—I was (and still am not) an expert by any means, but I have found that understanding more about the composer and the pieces did wonders for my appreciation.
“If you are referring to the possibility of withdrawals, I can assure you that I will deal with whatever…” he paused and swallowed. “Can we just talk about the murders?”
I seated myself on the closed lid of the toilet. “What happened?” I inquired. “You rushed out this morning without a word.”
He had been leery and protective of his little brother, of course—and perhaps the kidnapping was a bit over the top—but could anyone blame him? Or for the continued surveillance? He had certainly begun it only with the intention of keeping tabs on his brother.
Winifred’s eldest daughter was one of those—well, although she didn’t wear “The Hat,” she did rather obsess about him. She got alerts when there was any reference to him in the media. She collected and saved articles; photos. She even belonged to a club of sorts, run by someone who had apparently worked with the great but eccentric man.
“And what did you discover? Wait. I cannot continue conversing in the darkness; it is so oppressive.” Having done so many times, I was able to make my way across the room and re-light the gas. I kept it low, but felt much better when I could see him. I returned to the bed and sat at the edge of the mattress. “There. Now, what information did you seek, and what did you learn?”
“Lie back,” someone was telling him. Yes, his eyes were heavy and his head hurt and he was very tired, but he needed to find John. He shook his head.
The biscuits were just ordinary ones from the shop, but at least they were chocolate. Mrs Hudson made his favourites for him—jammie dodgers and ones that looked like little hedgehogs, even while insisting that she was not his housekeeper.
“Oh, poor you,” I teasingly grumbled back. “We have both been horribly spoilt and it is time that we took on some responsibilities here.”
perform acts of charity.” And with that statement, she placed herself utterly into Sherlock’s hands.
His brother tried again, but after his single word on the pavement—Mycroft’s name—he seemed unable to produce anything further.
In our rooms earlier, over strong cups of coffee, Mr. Harper had explained that when he, a bachelor, had risen that morning, he had had no idea of what was awaiting him downstairs. As was his habit, he had dressed for his office (he was some sort of lawyer) and then descended to the dining room for breakfast. The young woman who “did” for him, as he explained, would bring him his breakfast on a tray when he seated himself, much as our landlady does for us. As she organised the dishes she would need for his breakfast before she left each evening, to save herself time in the morning, she had no reason to be in the dining room before then. So, it was our new acquaintance who had discovered the decidedly unusual “gift” spread out on the gleaming table.
“If it will distress you for me to read it, then I won’t. I can just toss it into the fire and we can forget all about it.”
However, one of these small monkeys could, with patience, most certainly be trained to crawl through the ventilator and down the bell-rope, and to return at the sound of a whistle. Their long tails, glimpsed in the sudden and blinding light as was struck by Mr. Holmes, could be mistaken for that of a snake. And what is most horrific is that the monkey, with its dexterity, could be trained to inject a hypodermic needle full of poison extracted from the deadly viper into the sleeping body of whomever had the misfortune of lying in that bed.
“A runt like you? Your sister’s got a better chance of taking us—she’s big enough.” Derek—who was the taller of the two and older by two months and liked to lord it over his mate—snorted.
Sherlock and I were in love deeply, passionately, hopelessly, and the day he died my entire being cracked in two and I do not believe that anything can or will ever repair it.
I did, if I am only asserting it to myself, follow his instructions, such as they were. Yes, they were decidedly vague, and I enacted upon them to the best of my ability and the situation. He would do horribly commanding a military campaign with statements such as “you will conceal yourself near Charlington Heath” and “inquire as to the occupants of the Hall.” He did, in fact, instruct me to act as my own judgement advised, and I most certainly did so.
This really was a dull case—at least the solution was. The execution was, I admit, intriguing. But did that young woman truly believe that committing a burglary—of sorts—and trespassing would make her more attractive as a wife?
“No,” I had to tell our dear friend. “This is not one of our usual arguments. It was nothing that he did. I am not angry with him. It was something that I did that has upset him, and quite deservedly he is angry with me. He has withdrawn from me and does not wish to have anything to do with me at present. I did not mean to upset him—truly, I did not, but I am, to be honest, quite ashamed of myself.”
in the not-too-distant past. And milk. He knew that he had a fever but didn’t think it was terribly high. Withdrawals? Possibly. His head certainly hurt. He recalled injections. So, probable.
The new nurse was reading to him—he was very good at it. Might he have some theatrical experience? He was certainly well-educated. His articulation was precise. His voice—a moderate tenor—was pleasant. The older man peeked into the room.
“Oh! Then it does make sense, in a way. Aren’t those little old ladies always poisoning folks? And the poisoner always has some background in chemistry or growing poisonous plants or whatever other t’ing. Murder—chemistry—put poisons between dose.”
“It is not ‘justifying’ anything,” he replied sharply. “The longer he remains here, and the better he becomes, the more his desire to leave will drive his actions. He’s already tried leaving three times. If he tries again—
“Sherlock, this is fantastic!” He carefully extracted a smooth wooden hinged case from its lightweight cardboard box. Placing it on his knees, he undid the clasp and opened the elegant wooden and leather backgammon set. He ran his fingers over the pieces. “Really beautiful. Thank you.” He received a solemn nod. “Now mine.” He slipped it from beside his chair and leaned forward to hand it to his mate. He grinned and sat back.
“So, what brought you to London and your current position?” I demanded in some surprise. “It seems an unlikely change, if you don’t mind my saying so.”
What had he been doing? He had been doing so well, hadn’t he? After his visit to Bart’s and the subsequent little detour, he had set out with a goal, but now it had slipped away from him.
Mr Thomas, Liza and the cook stood alongside John and watched helplessly as his mother suffocated. Her labored breathing eventually, painfully stilled.
John let him lie there, catching his breath, his fingers reaching back and playing with the soft curls at the nape of his neck.
Moments later, Felipe had John on his back and his trousers off. He licked a long wet line down John's stomach. John held him fast as he said,
John shouted in disgust, and dropped The Golem back into the mud. He gripped the man’s neck and pummeled the monster at will, over and over, blood flying from the man’s cheeks and nose, spraying all over the doctor’s coat and face.
Sherlock sobbed with uncontrollable passion, his face etched with shock at what was happening to his body. John kept thrusting as he sat up, pressing his lips hard against his and pulling him tightly against him to continue his spending as long as possible. John held him close and began to lose control, his hips now snapping relentlessly up into Sherlock's well-used body. His fingers played in the cleft of his bottom as his lips sucked a pink, erect nipple.
“Oh, you went easy on me then?” Sherlock said, his eyes flashing. “Did you bother to wake me this time, or did you just have your way with me while I slept?”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed with anger. “And what good would that do? To live a lie? Force others to live it with me.” He shook his head. “No. Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.”
“I know a fantastic fish shop just around the corner. The owner always gives me extra portions.” Sherlock bounded down the stairs. Molly followed.
There, hanging over the side of the cliff hooked on a forlorn, green branch of a sapling was his leather satchel.
Molly shot him a look. Dimmock shook his head. “Anderson, as his lordship's valet, I thought you would be more welcoming to a fellow colleague.”
“Do we really have this place to ourselves?” asked John, opening a door that led to a bedroom and peaking inside. “It’s perfect. No one for miles.”
Donovan extended his hand, but William managed only a nod. He wiped his large, sweaty palms over his trousers and finally, extended a shaky limb.
“Come!” he said, pulling him into the back hall where the maids and the cook and now the doctor were standing around a body on top of the kitchen table.
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock tenderly on the forehead. “I thought of you every day, you know.”
“Johnny, I almost forgot,” said Mr. Thomas. “This letter came for you shortly after you left for Luss. I sent notice to my sister in Currie, but you had already passed on. It’s been waiting on you for fifteen years to open it.”
Stack after stack after stack of coffins filled the room, all open, bodies crumbling inside or dumped unceremoniously all over the ground. Sherlock began to cough and choke from the dust and backed away, out of the room, shocked and overwhelmed and ready to flee.
Sherlock refused to get into the bath without him, so he stepped into the steaming water and leaned back against the head. Sherlock got in next, settling between his legs, his head on his chest. The tub was long but not long enough as the tops of his knees stuck out of the water.
In other words, even with a good harvest, the bank (if Spanish banks were anything like English banks) would likely seize the farm by the end of the year.
It was several moments later before John realized he'd thought of Sherlock without a piercing stab to his chest. Instead, the memory of the man had wafted warmly through his mind, mixed with a bit of sadness perhaps, but it hadn't been painful.
John complied, and Sherlock was lost again in pleasure, his thighs shaking and his hips squirming in response.
“Yeah, amazing,” said John appreciatively. He handed him the last of the books. “You’re a bit of an unsung hero, actually.”
Irene glared at him. “I apologize for my brother-in-law, Doctor. He doesn’t share the spotlight well,” she said, turning to Sherlock. “What did you accomplish in Morocco, besides drink brandy and catch an infection?”
The doctor licked his lips. Against his better judgement, he climbed into the bed and straddled Sherlock’s thin hips. He gently pushed opened the collar of the nightshirt, exposing more of the blush along his chest, and pressed his lips to the smooth skin. He heard Sherlock’s breathing stop for a moment as his eager mouth worked its way up the long, graceful neck before him. His teeth gently tugged at a supple bottom lip before kissing a full, eager mouth.
The kitchen maid stood off to the side, eyes wide and twisting a towel between her fingers. Her eyes floated back and forth from the flame to the handsome Sherlock, who was oblivious to the chaos he was causing.
He headed back to the suite at tea time for a nap before dressing in his best suit. John fell in love with the Apollo-Theater, and he enjoyed the operetta immensely. He wished he could talk about it with Sherlock; the costumes, the singing, the storyline. When he returned to the suite, he tucked himself into bed and wrote for hours about the theatre. He fell asleep with the pencil still in his hand.
Felipe was in the field when John reached the house. He dropped his medical bag and shucked out of his coat to join him.
Sherlock leaned over and gently placed his lips on the most mangled section of the scar. He kissed it softly, and began to move his lips down, kissing every part of the swollen pink tissue.
“Amazing,” mumbled Donovan. “But if anyone could have survived it, it’d be Sherlock.”  He turned and pointed toward the door. “Alright if I let myself out?”
He then opened his eyes, his gaze settling softly on Sherlock’s odd and distinctly beautiful face. “What's done is done. Marching into Halidon Hall and shaming an old lady won't erase my suffering. it will just create more torment for others.”
A low, desperate whimper escaped from Sherlock’s throat as he slowly moved his fingers in and out, in and out, in and out.
Sherlock nodded. “27 volumes of Beilstein’s latest work. One of the greatest literary achievements of mankind. He’s identified and described over 15,000 organic compounds and chemical reactions.”
Now, in the morning light, fully rested and fed, John felt the oppressive weight that had been lying on his chest for the past year slowly dissipate. He began to breath without pain as he smiled and nodded at Felipe’s descriptions.
“Would you be opposed to exploring the falls tomorrow on our way to Rosenlaui to spend the evening?” he asked.  “I’m supposed to meet a barrister there with pertinent information.”
“There,” said John quietly. “You’ll sleep properly tonight.” He smiled at the young nobleman who drank down the concoction with ease. He took the glass from him, set it on the nightstand and got up to leave.
John couldn’t help but stare as Felipe took him deeper into his throat with every bob of his head. He watched as the Spaniard unfastened his own trousers and shove his free hand inside to palm his own prick. The sucking sound from Felipe’s expert lips echoed in the room, a glorious, filthy reminder of how much John missed having sex.
The next morning after breakfast, John tucked his sketchbook and journal in his leather shoulder bag and set off toward the other side of town.  He waded through the stands of fresh fruit and vegetables, through the ladies selling herbs and flowers off the back of wagons. He jumped over an enormous pile of donkey dung near what looked like the local feed & seed, until the road became quieter and less populated.
John was more than ready to head back and had whistled for a cab when Friedrich handed each of them a cigarette. John picked up something about the ‘night still being fresh’ in German as the cigarettes were lit. Sherlock seemed to relish the first drag of the stick, where John could take it or leave it. He sucked on it a few times and mostly let it burn between his fingers. Fritz motioned for them to follow him down the street.
He sighed at the stack of mail sitting on the table in between the two chairs. He rifled through the pile and began opening letters at random.
“I don’t place an advertisement in the paper, Watson,” Sherlock said wearily. “I’m aware of the implications.  I assure you, I have little choice in the matter.”
John had found it difficult to eat and speak throughout dinner, and since he’d been called upon multiple times to comment on the conversation, his misery seemed never ending. The source of his torture was that Mr. Thomas had appeared out of nowhere to help serve the evening’s food. A huge lump had formed in John’s throat as he recognized the sweet, kind man who had helped look after him during his formative years. He kept looking for any sort of recognition in the older man’s eyes, but so far, he’d seen not even a hint of familiarity.
He then turned to John. “I’m sorry, Johnny,” he said. “Your mother is in a very bad way. I can only make her comfortable.”
Sherlock suddenly looked very young. His voice resonated across the room, saturated with sarcasm and apathy. “Instead you’re leaving me here. Alone.”
A man, mid-thirties, hair dark and slicked back from his face, assesses the trembling teenage violinist. His eyes are coal black and possess an intimidating, feral intelligence.
John’s outburst made the soldiers stop and turn. The ward went silent. Felipe appeared at the end of the hall.
He felt the bed shake. He looked over and Felipe had the back of his hand over his mouth, laughing. He let out a howl and fell over, his smile revealing beautiful white teeth and a deep set of crinkled crows feet in the corners of his eyes.
“Can you bring him by the yard? I’ve got something for him to take a look at. That is, if you think he’s suited for it.”
Sherlock hurried away toward the back door, just as a fight broke out among the uni students at the opposite end of the bar.
Sherlock held John close, digging his long fingers into his behind. He felt John’s teeth tug gently on his ear while a strong, warm hand slid under his untucked shirt, caressing the small hairs on his lithe chest and stopping to massage a solid, erect nipple with a teasing thumb.
The Spaniard cursed in Spanish under his breath, and in one movement swooped John up off the bed and pushed him up against the nearest wall. He wrapped his arm just under John's waist and bent him over, pressing him forward. It forced John onto his tiptoes with his palms flat against the thin wood.
“Is this in response to Anderson tripping you in the courtyard?” asked Sherlock. John didn’t answer. His eyes had been on the unlit fireplace the entire time Sherlock was patching him up. “You of all people should know better. Your leg-”
Sherlock cocked his head, his clear eyes surprised, then crinkling at the sides as he smiled. “Of course you should. That’s brilliant.”
The doctor patted him on the shoulder. “Say what needs to be said,” he said softly. He glanced around at the others, and they all slowly left the room as John crouched by his mother’s side.
John, in response, looked like he’d rather be anywhere else. “I hope I didn’t offend,” he said softly.
“Oh, to be a first year again,” chuckled Wiggins. He pointed a thumb at his chest, and smiled. “Lead trombone in Concert band. Found a position with the philharmonic come January.”
She had not spoken of Sherlock or of that day until yesterday, when his reflection had appeared in her locker mirror. She had fantasized of that moment; the day of his return. It would be the day she would tell him that she was in love with him, and that she didn’t care if he was a high-functioning sociopath or a temperamental snob. She would tell him he was perfect and that she loved him and she wanted to be with him forever.
He’d pulled out one of Sherlock’s large old maps to plan for the trip, and was surprised to see how close Marseilles was to Barcelona. Ever since his run in with the Spaniard, he’d always wanted to see the vineyards he’d spoken of along the Mediterranean.
“Welcome home!” exclaimed Irene, giving Sherlock a quick and almost imperceptible peck on the cheek. She pushed him aside and extended her hand out to John. “Dr. Watson, it is good to see you. I hope your journey was a pleasant one?”
“We’ve got a squeaker today, people. Sherlock Holmes.” He drew out Sherlock’s last name like a purring cat. “Eighteen years old. Isn’t he cute?”
“Need to shut that mouth,” he said mockingly. “I know, I’ll shut it for you.”  The man undid his fly, and pulled out his small, pathetic cock.
The suite was small but well-furnished. John settled Sherlock’s things in the master bedroom while Sherlock fixed himself a drink. He yanked off his jacket and laid down on the sofa.
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock’s face was a scrambled mess of confusion. “She threw you out onto the street with nowhere to go, knowing full well you were the heir. She must atone.”
Before Sherlock could respond, John disappeared into the second bedroom and emerged wearing his nightshirt that reached his knees. He sucked in his breath when he saw Sherlock in the bed, naked, the covers pushed down to the edge.
“Watson, come join me,” he said. John obliged, carefully getting down from his horse and using his cane to make his way to the pond. He stood beside Sherlock, who reached into his bag.
The two men followed Fritz and Friederich into the alleyway. They stopped in front of a plain, wooden door and knocked in a succession of threes, three times. The door opened.
“Also,” said Sherlock. “I left you something on your bed. To wear.” There was a pause. “I hope you like it.”
John couldn’t help but look glance quickly around the room. The show of affection was a rarity in public, if not unwise.
Only a fortnight had passed since their return when Dr. John Watson received a telegram from Edinburgh. The attending surgeon, Dr. Raibert MacDougal, wanted to inform the young doctor that his current fellow had left prematurely due to a family illness. He wanted John to start immediately.
Sherlock’s words were the tonic to his malady. What did it matter, after all? It would change nothing if he were recognized. He’d survived, made something of himself. He had nothing to be ashamed of.
“Mmm?” Felipe murmured, leaning down once more to capture the young man’s lips in a full, sensuous kiss.
Sherlock didn’t need much prepping he was so ready. John eased himself in and Sherlock tensed up and then groaned with pleasure. John rode Sherlock through time and space and pleasure and pain.
“I’ve got a vineyard to run, a life to live, and I don’t have time for rough talk. Now if you’ll excuse me,” he said, with an air of finality in his voice.
John lowered his gun. “Aye,” he said. “John Watson. Enlisted, Fifth regiment, Northumberland Fusiliers.” He tucked the gun into his back and saluted the officer. The officer saluted him in return.
The Golem coughed and sputtered, and then let out a howl that pierce the rain. At first the two men thought he was screaming in pain, until they saw his massive shoulders shaking.
“Sounds right,” John said, trying to sound nonchalant. The truth was, his heart was pounding in his chest. The memories of his time spent with Sherlock on cases were the best times of his life. He longed to sift through that book alongside William.
The man froze and held up his hands even higher in defeat. Sherlock spit blood onto the cobblestone as he cradled his jaw. John reach into his own pocket and handed Sherlock his handkerchief.
His thoughts drifted to Mycroft’s displeasure at the breakfast table upon hearing his younger brother’s decision to part ways. The Earl had shouldered the brunt of his brother’s recovery only to have it rewarded by at least two suicide attempts. If that happened again, sanitorium was surely what awaited William.
The Canales family winery sat up on a hill just west of the village. The old main villa dated back hundreds of years, as did the farm itself. Some of the vines had survived the blight and still produced a small amount of the cherished rioja the family was known for.
John looked down at his hands. “I wanted him to feel useful.” He looked up wide-eyed at Felipe. “Since the suicide attempts, I couldn’t bear the thought of him being sent somewhere. Or what if he...you know.”
Brook, as though discussing the weather, addressed him casually. “Why do you suppose I just hurled a chair at your head, Sherlock?”
Everyone dropped their instruments except for the first chair trumpet, who played as instructed. A few notes in, Brooks stopped him with the slightest flick of his hand.
“I tried to drink myself to death. I’ve only recently been well. This trip...I was encouraged to travel. To get away for a while.”
He also tried to ignore the fact that since his return, Sherlock had not once spoken to him - or even made eye contact -unless it was for a strictly professional reason. John was determined to give him time to adjust being back home. He had no idea what Sherlock had been up to in South Africa, but he was worried. His heart ached to give him comfort.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been playing, but the sweat trickling down his forehead fell into his eyeball, and he stopped briefly to rub his palm over his eye socket.
John caught a glimpse of the man hightailing it towards the main display case where the reliquary was kept. He shot off after him, grabbing the lantern as he went.
“Stop!” He begged, tears forming behind his eyes. “You told me once, you keep to yourself, mind your own business. It’s not your concern!”
Sweat poured from his forehead as he opened his eyes, nodding his head. It was no use denying it. He resigned himself to the humiliation he was feeling.
John removed the tin box and put everything back the way it was. He tucked it under his arm and walked though the large doors and down the path to the ocean.
John laughed in spite of his mood. He playfully pushed Sherlock down onto the bed and straddled him, pinning his long arms above his head.
John awoke from his dream to the immediate realization that he, like a 14 year old boy, had ejeculated in his sleep.
John cut him off with his lips, devouring him with one deep, passionate kiss after another. He carefully thrusted inside Sherlock as far as he could go, and held himself there for a moment.
The man shook his head. “No, I’m fine,” he said. “This belly wound isn’t going to kill me, but pneumonia might. Blasted bed rest.” He turned his full attention to John, sizing him up with the most beautiful crystal blue eyes John had ever seen.
John’s cheeks turned bright red when he realized his mistake. He dared to look over at Irene and Mycroft, expecting to see shock and rebuke in their expressions.
Felipe held him steady as he came down, kissing him gently on the cheeks and chest while whispering soft words to him in Spanish.
John helped Sherlock up the grand staircase to his old room. The servants had delivered his things and had laid out a fresh nightshirt and robe. Dimmock appeared with the nobleman’s slippers.
When John sunk into the hot bath and washed away the grit from non-stop traveling, he started to feel human again.
Sherlock collapsed against the wall and hit his head again. "Are you okay?" he asked. When John didn't answer, Sherlock touched his face. "John?"
John was nothing but determined. He figured if he could stick with it long enough he would get used to it, and if it cured him in the long run, some weeks of discomfort were definitely worth it. He soldiered on despite the pain.
“Letter, Dr. Watson,” he said, placing the beige, expensive envelope in his hand. “Just arrived this morning.”
“A bit tedious,” answered Sherlock. “However, the conference will be enormously beneficial.” Sherlock pulled on his robe. “I doubt if I’ll be around much these next few days. Please take time to do what you like. We can touch base on Sunday afternoon.”
John worked mornings in the village hospital five days a week, and spent the afternoons in the vineyard. One day, as he was leaving for lunch, the innkeeper (who also served as the village’s postman) stopped him along the path.
"I know this will make me sound like a caveman," said John softly. "But I can't stand it that he touched you in places I haven't even touched you yet."
“You and I will discuss it very soon,” she said, right as the bell rang. She headed up the stairs to Lady Elsa.
John licked his lips and looked up at the officer. “Sherlock was injecting himself with morphine and cocaine. He must have been trying to dry out on his own when he became infected.”
But he could see, quite plainly, Professor Brook in his bespoke trousers and Oxford shirt, unbuttoned enough to reveal a light dusting of dark hair on his chest.  His wrists flowed gracefully as his body seemed to move fluidly with the sound of the orchestra.
“Tangier,” John said, quickly understanding the severity of the problem. “They have to shut off the main waterways.”
He studied the book closely, and surmised the penmanship was definitely Sherlock’s. He flipped through the pages, realising the book may have been a gift intended just for him.
He packed what little he had in a small bag that had belonged to his mother. He thought if he kept moving and not thinking, he would make it out of the house before he completely fell apart.
“I should have stepped in sooner,” said John, feeling guilty. “The fact I even let you stay in that place is a reflection on my-”
“I could fuck you just like this,” growled Sherlock. “It would hurt, because you’re not ready for me. But you’re such a little slut, you’d love it, wouldn’t you.”
A broad palm pressed against his cock, and he keened quietly into Felipe’s open mouth. He felt his trousers being opened, and he watched Felipe swipe his palm with his tongue and plunge his hand into the front of his clothing.
Mr. Thomas was a believer in strict routine. John had been once upon a time, before he began running after criminals with his best friend in the middle of the night. It felt good to fall back into the pattern, however, and with lights out by 10pm every night, John finally stopped dreaming about roaring waters and frozen bodies.
It was Donovan shouting from the middle of the bridge. John looked up, and could barely see the Inspector pointing, just ahead of John.
John couldn’t take it anymore. He attacked Sherlock and pushed him against the wall, his lips pressing madly against the consulting detective’s.  Sherlock’s teeth clanked against his own and it was so sexy the teeth scraping against each other that John moaned with satisfaction.
John coaxed Sherlock’s legs back down onto the bed and cradled Sherlock in the crook of his arm. He spread his lover’s narrow thighs apart with his knees.
The sun slipped behind the horizon. John had held on the Spaniard like he would disappear the same way. It wasn't until the darkness loomed over them that he became aware of the time.
John’s breath quickened as his eyes followed the elegant hand as it slid underneath the cloth, pressing an open palm onto a flushed chest, rubbing gently back and forth.
A man, wearing a light pair of trousers and a white shirt, stood on the west grounds of Lands End. He was speaking to young Siger, then turned to throw the stick back across the lawn.
Mycroft raised his hand to calm them all. “I didn’t mean to interrupt. I just wanted to say that I am grateful to all of you for your action and service today. You may have very well saved Land's End as we know it,” Mycroft said, his eyes uncharacteristically glistening with emotion. "And Mr Watson?"
“Dr. Watson,” Donovan said in return. “I saw Mr. Thomas at the pharmacy. He mentioned you were back in London and asked that I stop by.”
The man removes his jacket and hangs it leisurely on the coat rack. He steps back and shove his hands in the pockets of his black trousers. His shirt and shoes are as dark and impeccable as his pants, and his ebony eyes sparkle as he takes in the young man in front of him.
He managed to lift his hand from the bed only for a moment. It landed pathetically back down at his side.
As the clients streamed into the upstairs apartment at 221B Baker Street, she tried to take notes. She found Sherlock’s lips were faster than her pen.
John shook his head. John had written once to tell Felipe of William’s recovery and the impending move to Sussex Downs. Felipe had written once to tell of a successful harvest and the farm’s first profit in over a decade. Neither had written much of a personal nature, nor had written each other since.
He heard John gasped in surprise, their emotions suddenly in sync and all at once overwhelming. John pulled Sherlock close, kissing him, holding him, stroking him.
John operated on Masala for hours, but she was too far gone. She died on the table. Ahad was devastated. John watched him wander out in a daze towards the front entrance. He found him moments later on his knees, his face to the sky, fat droplets of rain beating relentlessly on his forehead. He pulled him back inside and sat with him in the hallway as he cried his heart out. John cried too.
“I’m originally from Luss, but was in service with the Marquess of Berwick for most of my life before I entered the army,” answered John politely. He shovelled more soup into his mouth.
Finally, John was instructed by Mycroft and Lady Irene to knock on Lord Sherlock’s door and insist he come downstairs.
“And in the field? While the bloody Afghans shot at your head, how many men did you keep from bleeding to death?”
“I invited Mr. Thomas. He’s been hounding you for ages to go out to dinner. Killing two birds with one stone, I suppose.”
"I liked it. But it's not something -” said John, but he suddenly stopped and reached for Sherlock, his eyes and voice softening. "Hey, I didn't mean anything by that. I was just surprised is all." John pulled him close. "I'm sorry. Thank you. It was amazing," he said, looking down into Sherlock's eyes. "You're amazing."
His hand hovered over Sherlock’s sweat-soaked curls. Sherlock jerked back and forth against the pillow, the tears on his cheeks glistening in the moonlight. He mumbled incoherently as his limbs fought the sheets.
Sherlock was one of the last players to take his seat back inside the practice room. His heart was beating in his ears as he forced himself to concentrate on the sheet music in front of him. He glanced up to see Victor staring back at him. He gave an encouraging nod and a small smile. Sherlock turned around to Wiggins, who looked back at him like he was about to face a firing squad.
Felipe wiped his face with his palms. I had to take wine samples to Barcelona. Maria, she remembered you were at the inn. If you hadn’t been here…”
Felipe watched as his sister smiled and fussed over the workers, pouring wine and basking in the praise the men heaped upon her food.
John opened the carriage window and let the air blow through his hair. He sat his hat snugly against his thigh. The trip had been uneventful. He wrote quite a bit on the train to take his mind off how much he missed Felipe. His homesickness was surprisingly intense. John watched as the sun set over the lush green hills of the Cromwell estate. He felt like a new person coming back to an old life he no longer wanted to live.
