John could have sworn there was a spark that flicked off in Sherlock's brain, by the way his eyes lit up with minor irritation. "Nonsense, now do hurry up. No time like the present!"
Climbing out of bed, he marched over to ring for Stamford to dress, and waited by the window to see the sun peek it's way through the pink and orange clouds. Not even five minutes later there was a knock at the door.
"Violinist." He replied rather flatly. "Although a 'piano player' would not really know the difference, would they?" He chided.
The pause had him turning to the other set of stairs which Sherlock had mentioned to him last week would be his lodgings.
“No rugby captain is without friends, but since they ended up leaving and you were held back a year, there's no one to dissuade the rumors.”
John woke up to an unfamiliar environment with a smell that was, however, quite familiar; consisting of a bit of honey. It took him a minute to register that it was a bed in fact he was lying on and was stripped down to his white cotton undershirt. His head ached and he groaned in an attempt to hoist himself and lean against the headboard of the bed he was currently occupying. Footsteps from the doorway beside him made him snap his head to the figure that hovered there silently. John instinctively reached under the pillow to search for his Browning but was faced with the cruel reality that this was, indeed, not his room.
"Ah, oui! Monsieur Holmes! My apologies for not recognizing you straight away! May I say it is such a pleasure to see you again."
I want to apologize on the lateness of this chapter, life's been a roller coaster these past couple weeks and unpredictable to say the least. I don't know if the updating every Wednesday will remain, I might have to push it back to every Thursday just because my college schedule has changed.
Claps turned to thunder and a drop of water hit the tip of his nose. John's eyes blinked rapidly at the contact and his eyes whipped around the room. To his fearful eyes, the room began to blur and the familiar atmosphere of the war trenches engulfed his vision.
Yela had just turned around in time to notice the small girl trip over her skirts and fall to the ground, landing head first in a pile of mud. “Oh my dear!” She called, rushing over and wiping the dirt from Harriet's face with her skirt.
"Carl Marc Merchant, 42 years old, married with three children, army soldier just returned from the war, store owner and compulsive liar. He owes the bank a sum amount of money but has no means to pay it back. He's in debt. The note in his front pocket suggests that he's been spending it. Drinker? Gambler? No. he's avoiding something - or more like someone. Thus the little money he earns he's spending it trying to protect himself. This week, however, was not a good one, oh no, Carl couldn't even pay the bills. No money. Thus his dead body is lying on the cold, damp floor of this forsaken meat shop." Sherlock turned back to the two men who stood wide eyed and completely focused. "Carl Merchant died from some sort of scandal, what it is I have yet to find out."
John didn't even catch the look before he rushed to close it, packing it away and grabbing for Sherlock's arm, pulling until they scrambled outside to be faced with John's father.
He was completely distracted with all of his sulking that he didn't realize that the door to their flat shot open and a tall figure emerged, standing over him. "You were an army doctor."
John laughed and reached for his cane, "Trust me, we don't have any. Speaking of which, how'd you get the invitation?"
Greg had already started to reach into his trouser pocket when a hand on his elbow stilled him and he looked to Sherlock with wide eyes.
"OH! John you wonderful, amazing creature that's it!" Sherlock bounded to the telephone and snatched it up, yelling over the line at the operator to 'hurry up' and 'it's Mycroft Holmes, how difficult could finding him be - he's the bloody government.'
It wasn't until Sherlock was fully standing up from his chair that John noticed the hand wrapped around his own wrist, keeping him in place. "Wait." He heard and turned his head to meet the grey-blue eyes.
It was almost a year later when Mycroft came into to the cave where his brother lay nestled onto lavish pillows in human form when he uttered the words, “Moriarty is gone.”
Sherlock turned on his heel so that he towered not only his natural stalky height but three steps taller than the boy now in front of him. He didn't even bother with voicing an explanation as he held the text in his hand and presented a cocky grin.
Sherlock's knees buckled and he collapsed on the ground, hands roaming the human body that lay covered under white sheets while tears filled his eyes. "John..."he cried, burying his sobs in the mattress. He felt a hand rest on his head and run through his curls before his head shot up and was faced with that of John. His John. A tired smile formed on his lips with tears cascading down his cheeks and soaking into the pillow under him.
Sherlock's head shot up and faced him, a toothy and cheeky grin made an appearance on his face. "Ah, John, you're up."
“So now that you’re older, be prepared for the pestering of finding a suitor,” Harry remarked beside him in her chair. Johnuin just rolled his eyes in response, sticking out his tongue in mock disgust, “I'm not there yet.”
He placed some change on the table, gathered the scattered sheets of papers, and began the trek home.
I've been working on this fic on and off for months after getting the idea almost a year ago from the film. Hope you enjoy!
"How the bloody hell does he know Greg?" He questioned aloud. Several strangers turned to look at him.
This fic is almost fully written so i will post a new chapter a week, I dont know how many chapters in total I will have.
The sheets were still pulled up, and the head print in his pillow was still visible, but no John Watson to be seen.
John Watson, clad in all of his dingy glory, stood behind all three of Sherlock's soon-to-be attackers with his hands folded over his chest, his head cocked to the side, and a prominent frown on his face.
"Just a little accident." He brushed it off bitterly, leaning against his cane. "It was my fault anyway."
When he looked up, Mike's eyes were written with concern and pity. "I never said it was. John," he took a breath, "There are people, you know. Who you can talk to."
John had attempted to make himself at least a tad presentable; sticking one of the small purple round-headed rampions in his breast pocket. He even managed to sod his handkerchief: wiping the sweat on his forehead, and the dirt in between his fingers. Removing his cap to brush a hand through his short sandy hair, John knocked on Mr. Lestrade's office door.
Boy. So the stupid little human didn't even recognize the skin coloured scales covering the tops of his hands. He would have to practice his magic, so that every scale would be covered before his twenty-fifth year.
I'm hoping that none of you hate him after this chapter for hurting Sherlock again. Don't worry, everything will turn out right! He knows what he's done is wrong and inexcusable but his actions are not his own, he's faced with demons that he is more than ready to fight, now that he's not alone!
Dinner was a nightmare - and that was even putting it lightly. It was all too much meeting the whole lot and by the very end of it, after drinks and desserts, Jacob was already dead tired and picturing the soft fluffy pillow waiting for him at home.
Reaching for this mornings paper made a groan escape from his mouth as he retracted his left arm from the reach and slumped down miserably. "Damn my arm!" He roared and threw his cup against the wall, causing droplets of tea to spray on his oil painted grand piano. His eyes widened at the sight and he rushed to his feet, causing him to lose balance and fall to the ground. His arm began to sting as his left leg locked up. Without even a second though, john crawled to the artwork, dragging his spent and worn body across the wooden flooring. He tried several times to force himself up; clawing and grasping at pieces of furniture as he tried to get to his feet.
Finally got another chapter hammered out! This one took the longest to write because my mind gave up on me. Was lucky enough to post this on my birthday as a gift to you all! Hope you enjoy! <3
, drifted through his nostrils and he felt a weight wrap itself around him. Arms pulled him into a warm embrace where he heard a steady and calming beating heart in his ears. A gentle weight on his head solidified the feeling and he drifted into a state of pure warmth and comfort.
"All is forgiven." He heard in response and watched as the man grabbed his cane at the side of the bed, handing it to him and then proceeded down to the second floor.
“It's fine, Jacob. You’re just asking for her hand in marriage,” he mumbled to himself, inching closer to his goal. “They’ll be elated..” he tried to reason but his stomach dropped instantly, “...or try to kill you. Either way, they won't be at your funeral.”
"But three days?! Are your petty scientists that useless that they need three days to put him back to normal?" Sherlock practically tread holes in the floor, pacing angrily.
The park was somewhat empty, just with a few morning joggers and pet owners walking about. Sherlock had to grin at the irony of John Watson as he gently pulled him out of his coat pocket and held him balled in his hands. If hedgehogs could give a death stare, John was giving one right now.
Unable to contain her excitement she held up an opened envelope with a note folded within. "An invitation?" John voiced and raised a brow with a grin.
Sherlock released his hold on the lapels of John's coat and went fishing in his pockets for something. Once he found it, he held up a small square of parchment.
“Sherlock!” The booming voice reached his ears before he was able to set down his water samples on the table. Mycroft was always paranoid; yelling at him once he stepped out of the safety of their cave. He guessed it all came to a head after the 'Turkish Boy' incident, but Sherlock couldn't have cared less. He was still a young dragonling and should be able to explore while he can.
"What the bloody hell are you doing?!" John yelled, eyes going back and forth from the floor to his flatmate.
Sherlock cursed himself when he noticed the blood pooling from the human's snout and from several cuts to the face. He should have known better about the delicacy of human hide. He should have done better. Sherlock doesn't waste any more time and rips a piece of fabric from his ornate shirt, wiping at the blood while the body beneath him groans at the contact.
Shadows of several figures cast over them and Sherlock took a deep breath and held it in while Jim Moriarty took center stage. “If it isn't pretty boy ‘Lockie and his little puppy. Have our money?”
"He's been in a sulk for hours; either playing the violin or blowing up another vial from doing whatever he gets up to. Sort him out, would you?"
John's mouth formed a thin line and his left hand flexed angrily. Sherlock, who remained unfazed by the displeased doctor, set the book down after he was done and looked the doctor over curiously. "How was your sleep?"
on top. Of course there had been tears shed from both parties as she happily screamed ‘yes’ and charged at Jacob will full force.
There was a small sigh on the line and Sherlock looked down at the tiny hedgehog, small feet padding against the cloth on his legs as if attempting to climb up on him. Sherlock scooped him up and turned him in his hand to examine John further.
in fact, and Sherlock couldn't help it but let his feet guide him forward until he was standing behind a group of nobles, several feet away from the bottom steps.
Greg’s mouth shot open and his eyes widened after dodging a passing student who was running to the loo, “That's an all boys, isn't it? Bloody expensive I've heard too.”
John stood in his place for a minute or two, subconsciously feeling his cheek - craving for the touch of the mysterious musician. It was difficult for John to describe the feeling when the contact was broken, but it left both his skin and heart wanting more. He shook his head at the thought and gripped his cane harder before following down the steps.
Sherlock padded over to his chair and plopped down, digging into the curry without a word while ignoring the intent stare from his brother. He mentally pleaded that Mycroft keep his big nose out of his personal issues but was instead rewarded with an intake of breath that made him cringe.
John gave up. Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, had given up. What has his world come to.
Sherlock rubbed at his eyes vigorously in an attempt to hide them from his brother, "Get out Mycroft."
There was a hum of reply and Sherlock swept in placing a sweet and light kiss on John's cheek before turning around and walking back to the window, grabbing his violin. "Don't be out too long."
He could tell just by the red ink on the sheet that it was a rent notice form. He had already missed out two payments this month and the landlord was growing short.
"But he could never be mad at you for long. Just get up there before he tries something to my wall again."
Walking down Oxford Street, John's eyes wandered. He noticed several strangers glaring at him and whispering as he passed. It made him feel self-conscious and judged, mind reeling as it tried to decipher what in fact these people were - or could be - saying about him.
"Pen!" Sherlock shouted, outreaching his hand toward John. Greg went to make a move toward their table but Sherlock sent him a scowl, causing him to freeze on the spot. "I said,
Both of the other men made their presence in the room, clearing their throats and also getting up from their seats.
Both John and Lestrade were missing from class and trying to stay absorbed in his violin and mind palace seemed to be difficult knowing that the bloody piece of pink gum was still plastered in his hair. Sherlock all but droned Mrs. Hudson out while she blabbered on about one thing or another and soon after the class was dismissed, the lunch break began.
The cab ride was an uncomfortable ordeal and awkward for the most part. John sat in complete silence risking several glances at Sherlock who remained turned toward to car window. He cleared his throat, "So what do you plan on finding at the crime scene?"
The man shrugged with a tiny grin, “I tend to read people through appearance and body language. Quite a simple task, but not taken well by some recipients.”
John couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up and consumed the room around. It was certainly contagious enough when Sherlock was joining in. When he finally reached him, John wrapped his arms around the taller man's waist and tilted his head up to stare at that perfect smile. "Well, then you would have interpreted it wrong, because your ears are lovely. In fact..." John slid his hand up to the nape of Sherlock's neck, pulling him down so that their noses brushed. "..All of you is perfect."
John laughed a that, catching a glimpse of a smile on the others face before rubbing at the back of his head; eyes wandering the room.
John leaned over with just enough distance to narrow in on the one name that was outlined and circles repeatedly.
Oooooo, what could possibly be the story behind John's painting I wonder...and Sholto, is that you?...
A couple of hours passed before the little boy had to go home. John had spent the whole time chasing his finger and rolling up in a ball whenever the child tried to tickle him, earning a fit of giggles from his actions.
As he heard the footsteps descending the stairs, John sank back into his pillow and sighed; feeling every ray of embarrassment and self-consciousness rain over him. He dimmed his bedside lamp and lay staring at the ceiling.
“And you're not an idiot,” John mumbled, a fond smile on his lips that caused Sherlock's heartbeat to pick up. Fond. Sherlock shook his head at the idea.
With everyone together now in the sitting room - either at the small table or scattered on the sofa and chairs - Jake made sure to get a good look around the room to map out where his allies would be. So far, Greg and Molly were his best bet, along with Mrs. Hudson who was currently discussing something of importance with Rosie. Of course his soon-to-be wife was his ally, but when cornered against her own family would she back him up without hesitation?
When the loo door swung close, Sherlock grabbed Greg by the shoulders, a flicker of something in his eyes as he came up with the most brilliant idea ever.
"Let me see." John held out his hand on the table and Molly just looked at it, eyes widening slightly before looking back at her hand.
"Very nice to make your acquaintance, Mr. Watson. I'm very much looking forward to seeing your work."
"Trust issues I see. Still thinking I am a spy. Dr. Watson? A bit childish don't you think? Making up fantasies and situations in your head."
It only lasted a second when John must've realized the situation and pulled back, losing the grip Sherlock had on him. He rubbed his eyes viciously and wiped a sleeve over his face before composing himself into an emotionless mask and took a tentative step away.
Dropping off the bike in the main hallway and running up the steps to his room, caught the attention of his older brother who was currently held up in the kitchen. “Sherlock?” He called out, but was ignored completely.
John - still in the trenches - looked around at the bodies littering the muddy ground. Limbs blown off. Bullet wounds buried deep within skulls as a crimson liquid pooled down over their bloodshot eyes. His heart raced as it pounded in his ears and he gripped the rifle at his side harder. It was in that moment that a single flash of lightening caused him to squint; the sounds of cries and yelling of commands slipping their way into his mind. It was almost out of a nightmare as the bodies on the ground began animating to life, lifting their muddied and almost detached limbs to clap and groan in pain.
Of course, Sherlock nearly facepalmed upon the realization that he had arrived at the flat before John Watson himself had made it home.
“Good.” Sherlock shifted in his chair, leaning forward so that his feet were planted on the ground and his hands rested below his chin. “Currently you attend the same university as Rosie, The-“
Getting up enough courage, he turned to the black door with the golden numbering reading 221b and took in a deep breath.
“What did I tell you about leaving the cave?…” The deep and gravely voice made the tiny human form flinch.
There was complete silence before the footsteps of his insufferable brother descended the flat stairs and the door shut behind them.
“Charlie is working on it!” Jake protested, sitting up straighter in his seat and puffing out his chest, “How long is Rosie going to be?” He was already starting to get angry from the creepy, all-knowing bloke that dug too deep in his life. Rosie had insisted that he meet her parents now that they were officially dating and he found no complaint - willingly offering to pick her up before going out on their date night.
Sherlock flashed a sarcastic grin before looking past the other boy's head to spot Moran, Jim and Irene approaching. “Looks like you brought the whole committee” he drawled.
Just as fast as the fire hit him, anxiety rooted itself in his mind and he pulled away, earning a gasp from the other man. "What's wrong?" The deep baritone voice cut through his thoughts.
"Not only are you commendable but stubborn as well" Holmes laughed, taking a sip from his cup and returning to sit on the couch.
“Lestrade said you left it on the desk at the library. Of course, I offered to return it to the rightful owner, that being you.”
Sherlock just looked at it while his brain kicked back into gear, “You think I'm paying you today's wages after pulling a stunt like that?!”
Mike's hands shuffled on his desk as he avoided contact with the emotional man across from him. He cleared his throat uncomfortably, "No.." he rasped.
John's mind blanked completely when they broke apart and let out a whimper from the loss of contact. It took a moment before he realized that he was now being dragged - carefully - to the man's bedroom, door being firmly shut behind, and backed onto the bed.
John sighed at the feeling of being left out but then chastised himself at the fact that him and Sherlock were just simply flat mates and not '
“You’re so cute, love” Rosie commented, leaning over to press a kiss on his cheek before turning to the window.
There was something about that book, Sherlock thought about it while rubbing his shoulder, “I'll see you in class tomorrow, John” he called off, skipping down the three steps and over to his bike. He didn't even get a response other than the front door slamming shut and a grin appeared on his lips.
"My references, sir. All good ones if I might add. I was gardener to Mr. Illis in Ancaster, h-his reference is just at the top there. Mrs. Dauftsburry in a small village outside Maidstone and the late Lord Treeves of Tenterden, may god rest his soul."
It got to the point of complete awkwardness where Dr. Watson, both Mr. Holmes’ and Greg Lestrade were looking at him weirdly. Well, Greg’s off the ally list I guess.
Sherlock knew where the story was going right away. John didn't know what he was doing, didn't even realize his mistake before it was too late. But it wasn't his fault.
The scuffing of footsteps stopping at the doorframe of the front door made John's eyes wander to the young man holding a pillowcase containing a thin, square object . "Where would you like this to go, sir? It was in the back seat so I was thought it would be important."
“Oh, dear it's just lovely to see you again!” The woman cooed, not even realizing the other body that had taken to stand beside the girl she was engulfing. Jacob awkwardly was holding all of the bags in both hands but refused to interrupt the reunion and took to smiling awkwardly while he stood there……awkwardly.
Sherlock nodded his head toward the approaching waiter with a grin and John turned his head, giving a knowing smile. "Perfect timing."
Sherlock didn't hesitate to walk up to him and card his fingers through the other man's damp hair. "Nonsense."
John snorted in turn and gently bumped into him, “I wouldn't say even, but we sure are looking the same.”
John wiped his hands with the serviette and grabbed for the sheet, turning it to see the scrawled out words in pen ink. He snorted.
Jacob snorted at the comment but quickly cleared his throat when both of the women took to looking at him strangely. As they all climbed the steps, Jacob hesitated at the threshold and took a deep breath. Into battle.
"Of course... well, i'll be back in a few." John remarked sending him a fond smile that was returned, and left the flat. He wasn't even two blocks down from 221B when he heard an engine pull up beside him and a window being cranked.
Sherlock got cocky, stretching in his seat further so he sat taller in his chair. “Now that I have you in my circle. Looks like lucks on my side.”
"I will accept the system you wish to set up in regards to your soil issues, however, I am not in need of a garden, Mr. Watson."
“Mummy!” Johnuin called, feet crunching through fallen leaves as he ran straight into his mother's arms.
(I'm probably not accurate in military enlisting things during that time, so my apologies. But remember: I'm not trying to be historically 'correct' *this is just for fun and getting my ideas out there* XD)
"No! Not "oh well". You are going to this gig tonight, and you are going to perform. You need this money, Watson!"
It wasn't the first time John had welcomed a man into his bed, but they were not like this. This was a feeling he had never felt before, like his heart was owned by the man who lay before him now, like it was taken. And it was.
“They aren't awful until they rip apart your fair scales and parade them on their backs” Mycroft growled.
"I can't Molly. You see, this is of utter most importance and you are the most dependable girl I know."
They lay spent in the bed, orgasms so filling and complete that John saw stars and felt an over-flow of love consume his heart. Their bodies were coated in sweat and come and the room lingered in the sweet scent. John snuggled closer, wrapping his arm around his lovers waist. "You are
that the red headed man that bribed me with money to get information of you, and then walks into this flat steering you away from this case is your brother."
The familiar voice caught John by surprise and he looked to its owner with widened eyes. "Mrs. Hudson?"
Already John was starting a routine. Being at the house for quite a while, John was now becoming a regular hoot at the dining table and in the yard. Almost all of the workers around the house knew him, even if they only had met him once due to their shifting schedules, and there was no ill talk that he knew of.
Sherlock broke off first, chest heaving and licking his lips in one broad swipe. His eyes were blown wide, much to how John imagined his eyes were at this very moment. "And what information have you gained from your test, doctor?" Sherlock asked, voice husky and rough with desire.
“Easy enough, John. With muddy trainers and a bright yellow jacket such as the one you’re wearing, it isn't that difficult to figure it out.”
“You've got some gum in your hair too,” John commented, finally looking up at him with a more relaxed face. “Did Jim do that to you?”
Mycroft bent down so that his snout was directly in front of the small head and let out a gust of air from his nostrils, causing the mop of dark curls to fly back until they were sticking up in all different directions.
A small smile appeared on the 'consulting detectives face' before he turned back the papers in hand.
“Dr. Watson, please!” Jake cried, finally regaining his voice and running toward the plush red seat to duck and cover.
The hairs on the back of his neck prickled as he stood, captivated by the gorgeous man before him. The man was beautiful - stunningly so. He heard his mother take a breath and knew she was about to voice her displeasure.
John re-positioned himself and slowly got up from his seat, fixing up his coat and adjusting the cane in his hand. "Yes." He responded flatly, clearly still annoyed with the young driver.
"No, sir!" Braddock smiled, flexing his fingers as the new leather stretched around them. John couldn't help the accomplished grin on his face from the men's praise and readiness to start the day. John assigned Davis to rake the mulch in the rose beds, Braddock to sweep the stones around the white gazebo out back, and Anderson to snip the heads off any dead buds. Once his workers schedules were planned and they headed off, John folded up three large knit sacks and headed out to deal with the 'weeds'.
Sherlock nodded and looked back to John, who's attention was now drawn to the child. He squirmed and shouted in an attempt to break from his husbands grasp.
John had to swallow the mass that had blocked his throat before reminding himself to stand up straight, placing his hands behind his back.
The deep baritone chuckle that rose up between them made Johnuin shiver in delight. He wanted to know more.
“Could be. Finish up and let's get that gum out your hair before they come up with more ideas, yea?” John asked, gesturing to the barely touched meal in front of the other boy.
It had been several hours and John still lay on the cool ground, motionless with eyes rimmed in red. His mind toyed with him then, relaying words through his ears as his lips mouthed over them.
“Harriet you should not have left your brother alone! We will discuss this later. Go inside now and tell Sir Richard of my whereabouts.”
John snorted but his face stayed the same - emotionless. “Yea. I did. Now, I think I get my thanks” John held out his hand.
His voice was deep and baritone that John could admit he did find rather attractive. Making sure to give proper introduction once again, he proceeded to do a small bow with a smile.
Sherlock rose from his chair and left to the front of the restaurant with Peter. Sitting at the table alone with and empty plate and a half empty glass of vintage wine felt quite lonely, now that there was an empty chair across from him. John had never felt this way before - having feeling like this so quickly - and he also never feared his image and reputation being destroyed either. He knew deep inside these feelings were wrong and could cause trouble, but yet he couldn't help the fact that he was feeling something....
Jacob heard Dr. Watson chuckle and Sherlock tisk before he was cornered and dragged into the taller man's hold, arms pinned at his sides.
Jonathan Doe held quite a position at The Strand Magazine - although his name to many was not one that stood out or was known very well. The majority of people who did know him, however, were those who used and needed the paper for as much publicity as possible. Of course John was one of them.
Sherlock eyed the square up against the frame and arched a brow, "May I?" He asked, slowly leaning down to retrieve it. It was almost automatic that John went to step in front of it, blocking the musicians hand and view from his property. "I-I can take this one Sherlock, the rest of my belongings are downstairs."
"Weeds are survivors of the Earth. They are tough little buggers that adapt and fight back with all their worth, just to get a bit of sun on their petals. You could chop off their blooms and crush them under you boots, but they'll just grow right back."
Johnuin's eyes left him; Sherlock noticing him take a deep breath before starting a conversation with his sister who sat two seats beside. He wanted to talk to him, to at least hear his voice and see how much it had changed from the high pitched tone of adolescence.
has invested himself in a particular case involving that of higher societal standings then himself."
John closed his eyes and nodded weakly before opening them and turning back to his colleague. It took him a second to realize that Sherlock had roamed closer to the bed and now stood almost a foot away; a small bowl of water and white cloth draped over the side in his hands.
John set his bags of pulled flowers down and peeled his gloves off, throwing them on top. He grabbed the bucket and brush and stared to scrub where his young worker had left off. He couldn't even tell that someone had approached behind him until he heard the sound of light boots on wood. It must have been Anderson, John suspected, "Finished your work already, man? There's more work..." he went to look over his shoulder and then froze. Standing regally and in new flattering attire, stood Lord Holmes, hands plastered on his hips and his head cocked slightly to the side.
When arriving at the small cottage-esque house outside central London, the environment itself loathed to match the quaint exterior that acted as a decorated set to the 'tragic play' which took place. John's stomach turned but was quickly snapped from his thoughts at a voice calling from the side garden, "My, my its Sherlock Holmes. Given up music already now that you're running to and fro with a retired soldier at your beck and call? Must've been a while since I seen your name in the papers, or do you plan on playing at the banquet?"
"I'm going to go grab a seat in the back. Hollar if you need anything." Mike turned on his heel and stopped at the door, hand grasping the handle as he turned his head. "And John," he called back "good luck, mate."
The sound of the water bubbling caused John to stir and he sleepily opened his big blue eyes, looking around curiously before turning to Sherlock.
The night went by rather slow, Sherlock remained awake surfing through website databases, hacking through several government research sites and even breaking into the public library to find something - anything - that could help John. When he returned home at 05:00 in the morning, John was splayed out on Sherlock's laptop keyboard while little snores escaped his mouth.
"What about me?" The raven haired man responded with an angry lift of his brow and folding of arms over his chest.
Sherlock protectively cupped John in his hands, "First of all," he seethed, tongue spitting venom as he spoke, "John is NOT a
"My god, I knew you'd make it!" A warm hand clapped against John's shoulder and he jumped a bit at the contact.
John caught the wince right away and shoved two tablets of paracetamol into his hand before running out to grab some water.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed and he folded his arms over his chest. His voice was cold when he spoke, “I rarely eat, so you wasted your time bringing me anything. Jim was by himself today upon approaching me. I didn't need you to step in. And lastly, you should’ve thought of all that before you ended up taking those things to my head! I told you there must be another way!”
Sherlock nodded and rolled up the sleeves to his dress shirt before hovering over John, who was still seated on the toilet. "I may not have in my presence that of a degree in any medical field, but I do believe one must remove their shirt in order to treat a healing shoulder wound."
John shook his head but bound past him all the same, “I want it by the end of the day” the boy grumbled.
Sherlock hummed in response, shuffling through his maths textbook and pulling out a blank sheet of paper.
It must have been ten minutes that had passed before the barely audible rumbling of a small stomach caught his attention.
“Don't worry about what it looks like in the back,” John continued nonchalantly, ignoring the frozen look that seemed painted on Sherlock's face, “You've got too much hair back there for anyone to notice this bit gone.”
Sherlock approached the table slowly, mind going through every deduction of John who was seated at their table. John was still flashing a nice cut lip from yesterday's events and he had tried to cover up the bruising on his hands to no avail by pulling down his rugby jacket sleeves. Sherlock knew better.
John's nerves blossomed even more in the pit of his stomach and he took a hearty sip from the ale in front before gesturing to the barkeep for another pint.
There's no response other than the groaning from the limp body that makes Sherlock’s stomach turn with worry. He wastes no time picking up Johnuin again and continues to his family, picking up speed and practically running.
Lestrade was in class that morning, boxed orange juice on his desk and thing of cough drops beside it. “Mum said I'm not contagious” the boy attempted a smile as the taller one took the seat beside him without a word.
“Hey!” Jake raised his voice in complaint but Sherlock just continued, “-two sisters and one brother, he has a drug problem. Interesting….cocain? No…weed.”
There was a beat where both boys just stared at each other till John moved first, getting on his knees to bend over Sherlock and examine the work done to his face. Sherlock's breath caught in his throat at the feeling of gentle and light fingertips touching his cheek. “Not my best moment” he tried for a joke, voice rough.
"Yes, well we know his attention span is that of a fly, but as I will repeat, this ordeal is unsafe and unwise for you both to pursue..."
John stayed awhile, talking to the lads for a while before also bidding them goodnight. When he reached his room, he slid the cloth drape over the window and changed to his smalls, draping his work clothing over the single chair in his room. When he fell into bed, it was more comfortable then it looked, and far more so then the other beds he was made to sleep. He only needed to adjust himself once before the calling of night sent him his dreams.
"Sherlock your neck! What is the meaning of all of this?!" She called over to the slumped over doctor, who dare moved an inch. "Dr. Watson!"
"See," John set the mug down on the small table beside and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, "when you say it like that, it's not very convincing."
She nodded and silently walked down the hallway, leaving Sherlock to turn and take in the sight of the room behind. The tea was already seeping into the grooves of the wood - and taking a closer look - the broken china scattered farther than expected. He took no time whatsoever to slowly make his way to the small, shaking form on the floor. He gently placed a hand on his friends shoulder, but the doctor did not budge. "John. John. John, please!"
The door opened up just seconds later, revealing a small and older woman who forcefully pulled Rosie into a hug.
“This one was different-“ Sherlock froze, cursing his tongue for it's awful timing to spill the truth. He had met his first human; a child like himself. Before he had time to take it back, Mycroft’s eyes held fire and Sherlock had ducked just in time to avoid getting burned from the sudden burst.
Sherlock had made sure to plaster a smile on his face before saying, "Excuse me, I was wondering if I might have a grape?" Embarrassment pitted itself in his stomach and he felt like a complete idiot. The child blinked up at him, clear blue eyes hinted with confusion. Instead of even bothering to ask, the small boy popped another grape in his mouth, still watching the strange man who sat on the bench beside him.
The two men bid their farewells, tipped their hats, and carried out their thanks to Mrs. Hudson for the tea. When the flat door shut and the footsteps on the steps came to an end, Sherlock jumped up from his seat and crowded John into the leather loveseat. Staring into the abyss of colour that were his eyes, they held a hunger that made John's stomach turn and pupils dilate with want.
John was even more started on how his Lordship brushed him off and regained composure, turning to his paper ridden desk, with a twirl from his dressing gown. The gardener wasted no time collecting himself and setting out through the door. This Holmes was a difficult one to read. A difficult one indeed.
Yela smiled down, giving him a squeeze before releasing him and grabbing Johnuin's arm, “There’s actually someone I would like for you to meet, she comes from the Eastern kingdoms and has travelled quite far to meet you.”
Braddock's smile fell from his face and he proceeded to get back to the task at hand, "Yes Mr. Anderson."
“You were in a rush to head out the door this morning,” John froze and turned to face him, mouth slightly agape, “There's a bit of dried toothpaste on your cheek” Sherlock added, avoiding the stare by turning his head toward the roadway.
“Don't let the homeless look distract you. He's been in detentions more times then Sebastian Moran. And that's saying something.”
"Oh excuse me, where are my manners." The man went to take a step foreword but paused "Is it safe to approach the vehicle, Doctor?"
“Are they here?” A voice from the kitchen grabbed his attention. Dr. Watson. The older man walked into the sitting room, wiping his hands with a dish towel and readjusting the sleeves of his green and blue plaid shirt. Once John caught sights of his daughter, he quickly walked over to give her a big hug.
Sherlock nodded and sat back into the bench watching as a grand smile appeared on the boys face when he picked up the small mammal. "Does he 'ave a name, sir?"
When the door closed behind her, John went toward the piano again. Plopping himself hard against the stool, he slammed his hand down on the keys. The tune was ear repulsing and spine shivering as he jammed his hands up and down the row, not even wanting to create a sweet tune. A sly grin captured his mouth as he heard the annoyed footsteps of his 'musically inclined  neighbour' stomp above him and down the wooden stairs, b-lining for his door.
"I'm-" Sherlock started but stopped, mouth opening and closing several times as if planning how to respond. "T-thank you." He finally stated and grabbed one from the plate; delicately nibbling it to avoid mess.
“SHERLOCK!” Johnuin yelled, grabbing for his dagger all the while Yela tried to pull him away. Guards rushed into the room, swords and shields at the ready. There was a loud roar that shook the room, pounding steps that gained speed as it gradually got closer, and a ear piercing scream behind him, before he felt a rush of scorching heat against his back.
The ride was so relaxing after the little spat that was dinner. Rosie was dozing with her head resting on Jacob’s shoulder as he looked out the window to watch London pass by.
Regardless of the weather outside, and ignoring the large hits of rain against his small window, John was very pleased on how this day turned out. Was was even more pleased that he wasn't made to feel a fool and the hopes that Lords Holmes....Sherlock, had liked him back was well....brilliant.
Jake didn't realize until he was collapsed on the ground that Sherlock had let him go and now paced the flat with a hardened yet quizzical face. John, on the other hand, was still frozen in place a few feet away and not even bothering to blink.
“Catch. You. Later.” Sherlock replied and was dragged into the room with the door closing behind him.
“Will I see you again, boy?” The question jolted Sherlock from his thoughts. See him again? This human didn't mind spending his time with a dragonling…even one like himself?…
Mycroft raised his hand to examine the bruise further but faltered, knowing that his brother would slap it away. He resorted to letting it fall back in his lap. “Do you need me to get involved? I can report it to the headmaster.”
The pub itself was not very large; appearing quite smaller as rows of tables were scattered across its wooden floor. Looking around, in an attempt to calm his breathing, he was quite shocked about how done up the place was. Usually the pub's he went to were older, quieter and a lot messier; consisting of crowds of sloppy, slurring men and - if he was lucky - several dust bunnies floating at the bottom of his pint. This one, however, was laced with poshy attire and had a warm atmosphere with a new style of music gracing its way in amongst the chatter.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, trying to collect as much data as he could about John Watson. So Moriarty was intimidated…by someone who looked so…..ordinary?
They somehow managed to find themselves at Pet Pavilion, John still throwing a hissy fit of screechy chatters and flailing limbs. On more than one occasion during the cab ride, Sherlock had tried to calm him down but was nipped every time he stuck a finger in his pocket. He had given up eventually and allowed the freak out to continue, not even ending until he was through the door and a smiling employee greeted him.
One afternoon in February after the hint of a cold spell, John carried logs into the study and carefully lit a fire, taking a second to warm up his numb fingers and rub his hands together. The warmth was comforting and something he envied every time he went to bed. Since none of the servants rooms had any form of heating, they were faced to bundle up with warm blankets, which was lovely - but would be torture first thing in the morning when needing to peel yourself away and get dressed.
Once John left, Sherlock jumped up - cringing from the pain that inflamed his chest and abdomen - and carefully maneuvered over to the cork board. The top of the board read PLAN which was littered with several universities and medical school applications - Barts Hospital being the one that caught Sherlock's eye. His eyes traveled around a bit more till the breath caught in his throat. Standing on its own in the corner of the board was a military application. The sheet was circled around twice in red pen with an arrow directly pointed at it. John was considering enlisting. Of course, Sherlock could figure out the reasons as to why John would even consider such an action; education, money and a free ticket away from home. But why. Why would he give away his life so easily? John could…die.
The child giggled, placing his tupperware down so he could hold both his hands out for John to crawl onto. Before John could even set a small paw down, the child retracted his hands and looked up to Sherlock with a pleading look.
“Whatcha say about skipping some classes?” John asked, maneuvering Sherlock gently so that he took all the weight off him and carefully walked to the back school doors.
Anderson scoffed at the comment, eyes narrowed, and his face beet red with rage - all while glaring daggers at the insufferable musician.
"Oi, straighten up lads" Anderson called and both men straightened up, dusting off their trousers and outreaching their hands with a wide grin. "The young one here is Braddock, just turned sixteen last winter." Anderson recited, pointing to the young man with bleached blond hair. John shook his dirt soddened hand with a smile, "Very nice to meet you."
"What an odd name for such a small flower. Although, going by my fields in the summer, I will agree that they surely show their pride by popping up everywhere about the lawn."
Sherlock attempted to close the drawer he was currently destroying but gave up and decided instead to wrap himself around the smaller and warmer body that remained on the floor. "Too much has happened in such little time" he sighed, running his nose along John's jawline.
Johnuin ran a hand through his hair when his mother released him and gently kissed her cheek, “I wouldn't be the man I am today without you, mum.”
Sherlock let his arms fall to his sides but the need to have John back was pestering him and he wanted to comfort him if nothing else, “John-"
"Dimmock." Sherlock replied flatly and proceeded to the front door of the cottage; John trailing slowly behind.
“I'm Greg, by the way” the boy beside him spoke up and Sherlock's attention was once again returned to him, “You can just call me Lestrade.”
“Alright, games over. Let him go.” John's voice was dark. Very dark. Sherlock had never heard such a commanding tone from the other boy before. It was exhilarating.
John's eyes widened and he hobbled quickly, grabbing the parcel carefully with his left hand and tucking it underneath his arm. "T-thank you." He breathed a sigh of relief. A raising of an eyebrow came from the young man and he bowed his head before turning on his heel and leaving.
"Thank you, sir." Braddock beamed, organizing his workspace and running off to the servants entrance.
John chuckled at the tone, "D'you know you are the very first person I know who complains about getting more than what you pay for. AND," John pointed at him with a grin, adjusting the serviette on his lap, "and, about food, for that matter."
Hours went by, could have possibly been a day already before he uncurled himself and walked aver to the kitchen table where John had rolled up into a ball, nestled on a clean saucer. He turned his direction to the kettle, filling it with water and placing it on the hob before reaching for two mugs and plopping in two teabags.
“Ah, welcome Mr. Watson. Now class, let us begin with picking out instruments. I want three of your choices written on paper and we will have a little session to pick which ones best for you.”
"- I was wondering if the good doctor would like to join me for lunch to discuss recent business plans."
Turning the latch and pushing the door open exposed the decorative and beautiful drawing room. John tried not to gape at the sight but must of failed when he noticed the smirk that rose on his employers face. Lord Holmes was sprawled out on a ornate cushioned love seat that was edged with gold trim and garnished with stitched in vines. His hair was now free from the cap he wore earlier and it sat like a curly black crown on his head.
Standing up and brushing his trousers free of dirt, Sherlock marched over and stuck his hand out in an offering. John just glanced at it and turned around, not even bothering to pay any mind.
“Thanks for saving my honour, love” John reached a hand to grab onto his husband all the while Jacob did the same to Rosie.
Without pause, Sherlock was on him like a cat to a mouse, drilling into the poor clerk as the musician recited each aspect of ruin the little shop presented. From hidden mould in the corners of walls and display cases, to the ink splotch tucked away in the cuff of his rolled up sleeve, even to the fleck of dirt just under his fingernail.
Now, lying there with the realization that the promise he made to Johnuin would be broken, Sherlock curled tighter into himself.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and surfed through his contacts until he was faced with a slice of cake as a display picture. He really didn't want to do this...but the experiment counted on it.
“Bugger off, Moran” John interjected, taking the opportunity to close the gap between the two boys and putting himself in front of Sherlock once again.
There was a beat of silence. John slouched against the door, head leaning against the window in defeat before the quietest reply came from his shaky voice, “I did...”
The customers around them were gossiping at such an intimate display of affection between owner and slave. John flushed, pulling Sherlock to his feet. “Perhaps we could… finish this later? We can talk all you want at home,” John whispered to Sherlock, who started to show his more withdrawn side. John knew that the stares and the whispers of the other shoppers was making Sherlock nervous, so he took Sherlock by the hand and led him towards a more quiet area of the store, away from the onlookers. “It’s alright, love. It’s alright. I’m here.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock, love, it’s alright! You’re here at 221b with me, John! You’re safe! Your old master is not here to hurt you ever again. I’ve got you.” Warm, strong arms wrapped around Sherlock, pulling him close. Sherlock whimpered, clutching at John’s jumper and inhaling deep breaths of the alpha’s strong, comforting scent. “Love, please talk to me,” John whispered, his very voice the essence of strength and warmth.
“You are useless! No one cares about you!” Moran screamed, his fingers curled around Sherlock’s throat, tightening with each word he uttered. “A slut… a bitch. No one cares about you and no one ever will! Do you understand?”
Sherlock held back a sob and dutifully swallowed when Jim came into his mouth. Jim let go of his hair and kicked him away. “Go clean yourself up, bitch. I have no more use for you, you worthless slut.”
“Sherlock?” God…. that smell. It is heavenly! And it filled him with an irresistible sense of arousal. Heat pooled in his belly and he rubbed his forehead with his hand, trying to clear his foggy mind. What the fuck was going on?  “Sherlock….d-do you smell that?”
Unfortunately, for Jim, but fortunately for the ill queen, the soldiers happened upon the flower and Jim Moriaty ran away before he could be caught. The flower was dug up-roots and all and brought immediately to the king. The petals were ground into a broth and brought to the quen. The magic of the flower healed the queen and a healthy baby boy, a prince, was born. With beautiful, curly black hair and eyes the color of the sea.
“Shh, shh, love. It’s alright. Calm down. It’s okay if you don’t understand it all.” John cupped the beautiful face in his hands and leaned forward, his lips close to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock felt something bubble up in his stomach. It was an unpleasant feeling… not anything like happiness. It oozed through his bones, and every time he looked at Sarah and John, he felt disgust and… jealousy, he realized.
The large man shifted uncomfortably and blushed. “Well… I’ve always wanted to be a concert pianist.”
“That’s enough,” John said, summoning up his best Captain John Watson voice. “I want to buy this one. Right now. How much is he?” Already, he was pulling out his wallet.
When Mycroft presented as an alpha, the master sold him to a wealthy family who was looking for a mate to bond with their young omega daughter. I remember the master taking him away in the car and I can remember my mum. She was crying. For weeks, we did not hear from Mycroft, then, our master came and told us that Mycroft had run away and was nowhere to be found. Mother wept again because she thought Mycroft was surely dead. To this day, I do not know where he is… Even though he was often insufferable, he was my brother and I long to know that he is at least safe.
Irene went to grab for something in her bag but paused midway when she caught the shadow of another figure and paled instantly. Wilkes nervously tapped Moriarty’s shoulder and the snake-like boy turned with a huff, “What is it now Wilkes?!” He yelled before freezing at the figure who stood before him.
John went back to the nail in the wall and hung the painting up, examining it over once again while mentally kicking himself from the little spots of tea stain from his most recent outbreak.
Eyeing the hand skeptically, Sherlock made no move to sniff it. Instead, he just stared at it until he heard a giggle erupt from the younger boy.
“Hm, pleasure indeed.” A posh voice from the door caught everyone's attention and Jacob swallowed loudly.
. It wasn't until he sauntered back to his seat before noticing the room was eerily quiet. John dared to take a peek around but lost to his curiosity; it took him a moment to realize that Sherlock, Mycroft and Lestrade were all staring at him with widened eyes. "What?"
“I-“ he started but was cut off by Johnuin cutting him off, “I'll be here again tomorrow. Will you come?”
He ended up pulling out some alcohol wipes, bandages, and arnica cream, placing them at his side before crouching in front once again, “You have a small cut on your brow, probably from being dragged along those lockers. I'm just gonna clean it up, might sting a bit.”
The car slowed down to a stop and John took the opportunity to escape the close confines. Grabbing his cane, he opened the door quickly and bolted out, shutting the door behind and angrily walking down the walkway in the opposite direction. Realizing after turning down a corner, he didn't quite catch the last of what the older Holmes had to say.
When music class rolled around, Sherlock had his eyes glued to the door just waiting for a certain ex-rugby captain to walk through. It wasn't even ten minutes past the bell when a deep blue-eyed and sandy blonde head walked through the door and went straight to his seat in the back corner, clarinet case in hand.
"So are you going to tell me what it is, or not?" When he received no reply other then incoherent mumbles, John threw up his hands and stalked to their bedroom, closing the door behind.
John snorted but quickly attempted to hide his smile by biting his lip. The action made Sherlock grin.
The air of possessiveness is broken when the limp body shuffles and moves. The young dragon pauses taking instead to rest the human against a tree.
Yela cleared her throat until her sons head jerked to the two people in front, “Lord Moran and lady Mary, I would like you to meet my son.”
Sherlock ran upstairs once more and stopped in the centre of the sitting room, closing his eyes and visiting his mind palace.
It wasn't even a second later that the boy was hit across the face again, this time landing in the dirt below.
Sherlock's concentration was broken by a clap. His eyes darted to the Queen who stood regally with hands clasped in front, grabbing the audiences attention once more. “It is time for the performance done by the prince!” Her head turned to meet her sons gaze before he nodded and proceeded down the steps, walking right past the dragon, and straight to a small stage holding a grand musical instrument.
A door slam from downstairs caused John to jump in his seat, waking him from an unpleasant memory. He quickly grabbed his cane and made to stand himself up just before Sherlock barged through their door with a stack of papers in hand.
The stranger sighed before opening the book that was ‘prince Johnuin of the human kingdoms’ and reciting as much information as he could, explaining his reasoning as to why “There's a tremor in your left hand” to “The ruffle of your collar suggests”. The man went on and on, Johnuin's eyes widening each passing second the words spilled from this strangers mouth.
As Sherlock rambled on his deductions the whole cafeteria quieted down and all attention was at their small table in the back. Instead of cursing and scowling, like others in his private school usually did, Jim simply grinned; eyes getting even darker and reptile-like. It made the hairs on the back of Sherlock's neck spike up, but he remained as calm as possible. Before he could react, his lunch was shoved off the table and the food scattered itself across the floor. Sherlock looked up from the mess to see Sebastian smiling widely at his accomplishment.
John looked at both the man's hands and then took a peek around them to see what it was they were fussing over. "It's seems to be that the Round-Headed Rampion are enjoying our soil."
Class was dismissed early and taking a look at his timetable once more, he ventured toward the music class: 221b, with Greg on his tail.
Lestrade opened his door and stepped out, untying John's case from the back and went to open his door. "If you would follow me to the servants quarters, Mr. Watson, I will give you the house tour and share with you the house rules."
Curled up in Mycroft's embrace, Sherlock counted the beat of his brothers heart against the armoured skin. He huffed out a sigh through his deep purple snout while his mind raced with thoughts of the boy. How in one day Sherlock had managed to change his whole opinion on the human race by one little child, was a mystery not even he could figure out.
They had both made it to the kitchen; Sherlock set a kettle on the stove for tea while John eyed the large space. He sat upright in his chair situated at the island, hands crossed in front of him. John had re-bandaged Sherlock up with proper bandages and even dealt with the few cuts that riddled his face and arms with cream from the first aid.
Sherlock dipped his head to read. "That's because I am clever, John. There is little to prove in regards to that." He dropped the papers on his writing desk and hastily went to the coat hanger, reaching for his deep blue belstaff coat.
“He's been like this all morning, dad, I wonder if he's caught a bug” Rosie teased, making her way to the kitchen.
He must have said something because his second in command shut his mouth and turned on his heel to head back to work. John marched effortlessly to the front door and pushed it open. "Mr. Lestrade!" he called out into the hallway. The front hall was ornately decorated and a grand staircase pooled out in front just a little ways down, to give those who descended a look of power and prestige. He gawked at the sight before the hurried footsteps on tiled floor reverberated off of the walls and stopped right in front of him.
"Weeds, Mr. Watson, are leeches of the Earth. They fester and breed, covering the grass and polluting the soil with their seed. You could almost compare them to roaches."
Sherlock set a plate out on the table and scooted the white glass toward John. It was filled with freshly cut tomatoes, very small cubes of pineapple, some small chunks of apple and a little pile of dead mealworms. John insisted with a nose crinkle that he would no way in hell eat those while they were still squirming.
When Rosie had sat them both down at the dinner table one evening and told them that she would be moving in with Jacob in a little house just across London, he would never forget the phone call he received after. It was around 1:00 when his mobile went off and he rolled over in bed to squint at the bright text on the screen.
There was silence from both men and John was not sure whether it was the right time to swallow, let alone blink. He knew better than to encourage such behaviour that was seen as indecent, but it was the way that Sherlock acted around him and made him feel wanted which caused John to need and crave more. Heart hammering in his chest, his mouth started to move and process words, "N-no, I-its fine I've done this plenty times on my own."
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he was surprised to find himself engulfed in John’s arms. The alpha was sleeping, snoring softly,  mussed blond hair tossed out on the pillow. The events of yesterday came rushing back to Sherlock quite abruptly and he whimpered, curling up more closely to the alpha. For the first time in his young life, Sherlock actually felt safe around an alpha. All the others violated him, abused him, and beat him. But not John. John kissed him, cleaned his wounds, fed him, and even let him sleep in his bed! Sherlock wondered, deep down inside, if this was just a facade, that it would break the moment Sherlock did something wrong.
Sherlock shuddered one last time and his eyes flew open, revealing his frightened orbs. “Jawn!” he exclaimed huskily, clinging to John with all his might. Tears rolled down his cheeks, dampening John’s shirt. “My pups…. They took them…. They took them away! Little Spirit…. Moonlight…. Destiny….” The omega buried his face in John’s chest, shaking with sobs.
“It’s so good to meet you, Sherlock. John has told me so much about you and how he found you. You are lucky. John is an amazing man.” Sarah leaned closer to John and brushed his cheek with a light kiss. “Thanks so much for inviting me over, John. I appreciate it so much! I was worried I’d have to go home to my flat, all lonely.”
Before the royal guards could react, the crown was stolen by Ace’s swift hands and the chase had begun. Ace, clutching his satchel with the crown in it to his chest, raced across the rooftop, whooping happily at the top of his lungs. “Can't you picture me in a castle of my own? I mean, I certainly can!” He glanced over his shoulder at the two Moran brothers, who were struggling to keep up. “Oh, the things we’ve seen and it’s only eight in the morning!” Laughing, he skidded to a stop at the edge of the roof, swung himself onto a drainage pipe and slid down to the ground before blending into the crowd. “Gentlemen, this is a very big day!!!”
“We can finish the shopping, Jawn, if you want,” Sherlock replied softly, looking up at John. It could have been John’s imagination but was Sherlock blushing? No, he was not  imagining. The pale cheeks turned an adorable rosy color. John’s heart began to beat very fast.  Sherlock’s slender fingers reached up and fingered the black collar and John blinked, immediately reminded that he needed to get Sherlock a new collar. Groaning inwardly with frustration, he discreetly touched his crotch, his cock straining painfully against his trousers. No. It’s not time for that. Sherlock’s not ready for that, he tells himself fiercely. God, Sherlock was so beautiful. It was arousing, the way Sherlock looked up at him through long, dark eyelashes, so small and innocent and completely adorable. “Jawn?” Sherlock asked, tilting his head when John was silent for a while. “Are you… are you alright?”
Hope flooded Sherlock at John’s words. John cared about him! John would never hurt him! Oh, this was almost like a dream that was too good to wake up from. How he hoped it wasn’t a dream! “What if I’m bad? Will you punish me?”
John’s eyes widened as he was caught off guard by the direct and simple question. He spluttered, mouth opening and closing, as he struggled to find the right words to say. I mean… I was in Afghanistan but… How did you know? I certainly didn’t tell you.” He wracked his brain, trying to recall their fragments of conversation but confirmed that he hadn’t  told the omega anything about his past. “Sorry… sorry.. Go on. I’m not mad… just..Yeah…”
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes lit up. “Sherlock? Is that the poor dear’s name? My, it does suit him! Oh, and I suppose I can stay. I’ve got nothing better to do. Let me set the table.” She headed over to the cupboards and began to pull out cups, plates and silverware, being very careful not to clank the dishes. “How old is Sherlock? Did his file say? He looks very young.”
The beta woman nodded solemnly. “If female isn’t your choice, we have males as well.” She rounded the corner and started down another aisle, this one lined with cages that contain young omega males. A few of them were just pups and in one especially large cage, two little pups crawl all over each other, beating each other with their little fists and play biting. The beta woman banged on the cage, her expression annoyed, and the two pups stopped immediately, slinking to the corner of their cage.
“I said fine. Now hand me over the money and the book.” John went up three of the steps until he was chest to chest with the boy he thought a leech, eyes staring and narrowed with his hands open, “Hand them over right now or it won't just be Moran you'll have to worry about.”
The round of papers were just finished being handed out when Jim Moriarty and company strode through the classroom door.
A shrill rose up from the crowd and Johnuin had to blink before realizing his dancing partner was no longer in his clutch, but halfway across the room on his back; a line parted through the sea of people.
Sherlock was a bit lost for words, mouth unable to form anything other than a look that mirrored a fish out of water. It couldn't have been more obvious, the mark on his wrist, the small blood stain close to the collar of his jacket - and Sherlock had missed it. Was too absorbed in his own head to even notice that John’s father beat him.
"In my own home, under my own roof for which I pay monthly? I shall be free to do as I wish. Besides," his pen froze of the paper, glancing over at John, a playful smirk drawn on his lips "when did you start caring about decency, Dr. Watson."
The detective froze and John mentally kicked himself at finally noticing the proximity of their faces. Sherlock turned his head and their eyes instantly locked on to each other. John's breath hitched in his chest and he could have sworn his companion stopped breathing entirely. It was almost as if a magnet took hold of his lips and he slowly gravitated to the other man's mouth.
Mycroft stuck a hand out all while looking down his nose at him causing Jake to flush instantly and stare down at it. Why am I here? Family, right. I'm meeting Rosie's family. Jake grabbed hold and firmly shook. He felt it once their hands connected; a surge of energy that he understood right away. This, was a challenge.
"No." he heard, and eyes shot to the stubborn man with arms folded over his chest. "Who are you, and where am I?"
"God knows I need it." John countered back with a smile and followed his comrade through the crowd of tables and into the low lit room.
"Me. Lestrade I require to go to town." John spoke up, not faltering. He had to admit that his smaller stature always left him feeling a little intimidated when dealing with those who were taller, but it did not cause him to back down at all. John was short, he would admit it, but he was strong and built, not even remotely close to ever back down.
"Bullocks." He cursed and hopped over to the door,  choosing to not even bother Sherlock who he knew was just a door away; his bedroom linked to the bathroom by misted glass.
Sherlock nodded slowly, eyes still laced with something other than concern. "Anyway!" His voice broke through the room and John turned to him, startled a little by the booming voice. "There is a free bedroom upstairs, kitchen is just through that archway and the restroom is just down that hall." Sherlock got up from his lounging and walked up to the doctor, placing his hands in the pockets of his robe. "My bedroom is off limits, of course, but the rest of the flat is yours to share.
Jacob knew that he should keep his mouth shut and his comments about her family to himself. It pained him immensely and he wondered - on several different occasions - that if he were to speak up, what Rosie's reaction would be. Would she be hurt? Find it amusing and brush it off? Or would she actually take it to consideration. But he didn't want a rift within the family just because of his insecurities. If he wanted the relationship with her parents to get better, he would need to face his fears head on. So he remained silent. For Rosie's sake.
They stood on the street just looking at each other until John coughed awkwardly and gestured with his thumb to the street, “I should…go.”
Sherlock hummed in reply. "M, M, M." he held up a sheet to his face, "Matthew?" A scrunch of his nose, and he tossed the paper over his shoulder.
Mrs Hudson walked over and sat on the stool next to his seat, “I've noticed you've been preoccupied with something other than today's practise. Is everything alright?”
Johnuin reached for the dagger hidden within his boot when he finally noticed a smaller but intimidating figure emerge from the shadows. The man had dark black eyes that felt as if they could pierce through the human soul just by looking. His long, dark cloak cascaded down his narrow frame but couldn't cover the claws that sprouted from his fingers.
"It's chilly anyway John, just the beginning of March, you need to bundle up." Sherlock tugged the small jumper off and carefully maneuvered John through the sleeves. Sherlock let out a chuckle and dabbed at his eyes when he saw the rewards of his efforts. John in fact looked like human John, and it was bloody brilliant that a cable knit jumper similar to his own was available for a Hedgehog. "Really, John. I cannot tell the difference." He laughed, earning a nip at his thumb.
He saw the man grin - lamplight illuminating his gentle face in the most beautiful way. "T-thank you again." John's voice faltered at the sight.
"I'm a wreck, John. Here I am throwing a fit of emotion, while you're the one facing an identity crisis."
"No questions." Sherlock flipped the collar of his long coat casually and walked to the door, one hand on the handle while the other sat comfortably in his pocket. "1:00pm sharp. The address is 221B Baker St." He winked at the befuddled doctor before vanishing from the doorframe and down the streets of London.
Jake snuck a glance at Mycroft and could instantly see the connection between him and Mr. Holmes. Even though the two of them had looked both night and day, the way the man stood leaning slightly on a tall black umbrella, holding so much power and forcefulness.
John shook his head and proceeded to the front door of the manor. Stepping onto the gravel path, leading to the front of the house, he heard a choked sound that made him turn. "Yes, Anderson?"
John snuck a peek at his own watch before fluffing a hand through his short sandy hair, and followed a small stream of other gentlemen to the servants dining table.
The driver still stood unfazed and proper as he looked to John from out of the corner of his eye. He outreached his arm a little, signalling the stubborn man to get out of the car. John's response was child-like; sitting back in his chair with arms still folded.
He felt lighter, as if the clouds themselves offered their weightlessness to his wounded body. He grinned to himself; thoughts of his meeting and talk with the violinist from upstairs replaying in his head.
Mycroft had complied, calling upon another scientist named Dr. Monty to fill in. Sherlock had accepted but resisted when he was asked to leave the room so that sleeping gas could be administered before the injection.
“But that's the thing isn't it, you can't. You just let other people do it for you. That's all I am to you isn't it, meat. Meat to be thrown around and bend to your every will because you can't do it yourself! I thought I was maybe your friend…”
It was when the chime from the front hall went off that Johnuin secured a golden mask around his eyes and proceeded to where he would be announced.
There was a beat of silence that stretched on until the pang of realization hit. Sherlock's eyes widened in recognition. “You helped me because I couldn't defend myself. You needed to feel useful again, needed to feel like you could help someone. It's because you couldn't defend her, could you John?…”
The store was blocked off by several bobbies and crowds of people, huddled at the entrance. As the cab pulled up just one block down, John felt immediately out of place. To his left, Sherlock was practically bouncing in his seat ready to bound out that door and go do some crime investigation. When he caught John's eye staring however, his demeanour hardened, and the same unreadable face he always wore plastered itself, like a mask, on it.
Sherlock turned back to John Watson who was still ignoring the bustling world around him, “Why don't they go after Watson?”
Turning around a familiar smile and pair of glasses met his eyes. "Mike," he breathed, relieved at the sight of a friend amongst the strangers. John cleared his throat, attempting to regain some composure.
The calming atmosphere was cut short when he heard the familiar clicks of shoes climbing up the creaky wooden stairs of the studio. John rolled his eyes and lowered his head before he groaned. "The violinist..." several seconds later he was greeted with the screeching tune above him.
Watson was sitting alone at one of the tables, hunched over a great big textbook and just reading, undisturbed.
Mycroft got up from his seat, returning his cup and saucer to the tray and re-adjusted his suit. "And I will sort out some things for next week. When I have everything prepared I will give you a call, brother mine."
"No" Sherlock took several steps forward and gently placed both his hands on the other man's shoulders, "Anything but. You are a caring and loving man, nothing less."
Sherlock turned his head to his saviour this time to see John had rolled up his rugby sleeves so that they rested in the crook of his arm. He also noticed his wrist was wrapped in a bandage to cover the marks spotted earlier.
Deep down, little Johnuin wanted the stories to be true. He never once let his sister get to him and was certain that she was wrong. Mother never lied to him and even said that though the numbers dwindled, the presence of dragons would never cease to exist.
“Apologizing!” Sherlock yelled back before opening the doors and heading to where he for sure knew John’s sanctuary was. The library.
Sherlock strolled over; eyes flying over John's body collecting information and data of sorts. "How are you feeling?" He asked, tone of voice somewhat unclear.
"John, that's really nothing to be embarrassed about. What have you found? Hm? Let's see, now." Sherlock held out a hand, waiting for the papers.
John took a deep breath and closed his eyes at the sensation of being cared for. For so long he had always been the caretaker, never feeling the need to burden others with his issues or wounds. He was a doctor, a born, selfless human being. Now he felt as a patient....or something greater...
"Just burned it on the poker lighting a fire in the library for his Lordship. It's nothing to worry about." She replied timidly, attempting to brush off the subject.
John laughed again and Sherlock felt his chest warm from the sound. What he would do to hear that noise again.
The hall was filled. Dresses and robes and clothes of every colour were now flowing around the floor. The sight itself was quite mesmerizing as the music played and the dance took form right before Johnuin's eyes.
The three men nodded in agreement with kind smiles before turning back to the task. Sherlock, of course had already started scribbling on a separate sheet of paper.
John cleared his throat and continued, "If I may, Mr. Lestrade, I would like to be the one to discuss it with his Lordship. I am head gardener, as is my position and it would be more beneficial if I were to one to approach the subject." He paused before adding, "Sir."
"Nonsense, you were stressed and I pushed the boundary. All is forgiven and forgotten." he added with a wink and stretched an arm to the hallway, "Please, let us catch up in my office."
"I heard a lot of yelling, but most of it was just jibberish and nonsensical. But I must inform you, Doctor Watson, you are in no danger."
“Y-yes.” Sherlock then stopped and turned to face Jake before he continued, “I love your daughter very, very much. She makes me so happy and means the whole world to me. I-I would like to….with your blessings, of course… spend the rest of my life trying to make her happy as well.”
John scanned over reds and purples, dark greens to light blues until they stopped at a yellow ochre tunic with the emblem of a sun stitched out on the chest, “This one will do.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock picked back up his book and buried his face in it, signaling that the conversation had come to an end.
“I think you will enjoy your purchase very much, sir. He’s a good cocksucker and, despite not being a virgin, he’s a nice, tight fuck. Makes the most delicious moans. As you can probably tell, he was trained for the bed and he can take very high levels of pain. Just gag him because he starts sobbing.” The handler pocketed the money and then reached down, running a hand over the boy’s plush bottom, ignoring the way the omega shivered underneath his touch.
“Thank you, Jawn,” the omega replied shyly, his cheeks flushed with pleasure. “Your hair is beautiful too.” Tentatively,  Sherlock reached up and touched John’s golden locks. “They look like wheat in a field in late summer.”
Mike grabbed John’s sleeve. “Let’s go see the omega together, John. Come on, you only have to take one look. One little look.”
“Where’s Ace? Where is he?” one of the guardsmen shouted, pushing through the crowd of drunkards. Dimmock! Oi! Where is the criminal? I know he’s here somewhere!" Dimmock remained stoically silent, his dark eyes meeting the guardsman’s bravely. Looking exasperated, the guardsman turned to his companions. “Find him! Turn this place upside down!”
“Sherlock, love, wake up, please,” John exclaims loudly, wrapping his arms around the small boy and holding him close. Sherlock fought back, lashing out weakly with his legs and fists, and crying three names: Destiny… Spirit… Moonlight… His pups, John realized with a sinking feeling. He’s dreaming about his pups. John kissed Sherlock’s forehead, running soothing hands over the omega’s trembling body. “Wake up, love, please.”
“Oh, yes, here you are.” John handed over a few pound notes and the woman handed him the collar in a bag and a receipt. Ignoring the woman’s accusing glare-she was probably wondering why Sherlock isn’t on a leash-John turned to his omega. “Would you like to try it on, love?” he asked gently.
“Hey, I want you to talk, Sherlock. It seems to make you feel better and sometimes, it’s just nice to be able to share with someone else and let it all out. It makes me sad, hearing your story and what happened to you, but I want to know and I promise, Sherlock, I will never hurt you like those bastards did. You have my sincerest word.” He held out his pinky to Sherlock. “I pinky-promise.”
Sherlock looked up through teary eyes. The vision of Moran and his ugly visage faded away, giving way to John Watson, with his tanned face, lips wreathed with a smile, and warm, cobalt blue eyes, blond hair falling over his forehead. “Jawn,” he whispered, nuzzling close and heaving a deep sigh. “I’m safe… I’m alright…”
Sherlock bit his lip, unsure of what to do. Should I comfort him? What if he doesn’t want to be touched? What if he’ll punish me for touching him? I don’t think John is as strong as he comes across to be. A thousand thoughts flitted through his mind but in the end, he sat quietly and didn't move, waiting for John’s spell to pass, anxiously twisting his hands in his lap.
Grabbing the boy by the hips, John positioned his hard cock in front of the omega’s hole and, with a cry of elation, pushed in. Sherlock bucked up, startled by the sensation of being filled, and John immediately began thrusting in and out methodically. He felt his knot slowly inflating to its full size and the sensation of being inside Sherlock’s beautiful body made him cry out with pleasure.
To his surprise, Sherlock abruptly leaned forward, cupped John’s face in his own hands, and pressed his plush lips to John’s.
John stared in surprise as the younger boy, unable to believe his ears. “Sherlock? What are you saying? No… I can’t!” he protested, yanking his hand from Sherlock’s. The young omega immediately stuck out his lower lip and began to fake cry. “Shh… shh… you’re not thinking straight, Sherlock. Just relax,” John soothed and rubbed the boy’s back in an attempt to calm him.
“There is nothing to be sorry about, love,” John replied, stroking the omega’s back. He closed his eyes, wishing he could take away all his omega’s pain and heal his broken heart. He longed to wipe every tear from the beautiful eyes and kiss every scar, bruise, and burn away. Every part of him burned with anger towards the awful people; if only he could get his hands on them, he would make them sorry. To take the pups without giving the poor omega a chance to say goodbye? It is cruel and John was angry that this is the world he lives in. A world that treats human beings like trash… breeders and mere toys.  But revenge is not what his omega needed at the moment.  Right now, his omega needs love, and John vowed  his all to that.
“Alright, listen. I didn’t want to have to do this but you leave me no choice,” Ace said in a low, calm voice. “Here comes the smolder.” And he fixed Sherlock with the face that sent most ladies (and men) swooning at his feet. Unfortunately, it did not seem to have this same effect on Sherlock. The boy gazed back, looking so utterly confused that Ace stifled a laugh. “Okay.. fine. I’ll take you to see the lanterns,” he relented with a heavy sigh.
“You do that, young man. Now, I need to go downstairs to get some things. I’ll be back up soon with the biscuits and some clothing. Holler if there’s an emergency… try not to wake the little love.” Mrs. Hudson patted John’s cheek and treaded softly across the floor to the stairwell.
Gently, John carried the omega up to the front door of 221b and, with one hand, fished out his key and unlocked the door. The omega watched the proceedings with mild interest and once they stepped into the cool, dark hallway, John felt the omega’s grip relax as they were affronted with the smells of freshly baked bread, must, and faint flower scent.
Gesundheit, here's the thing. I was in a situation… Gallivanting through the forest. I came across your tower and…. Ho, ho, no! Where is my satchel?” Panicking he looked about the room.
Sherlock nervously trailed after Ace, casting glances at the slumped figures sitting at the table. Already, dozens of pairs of eyes were glued on him and his traveling companion.
There was no reply and Mrs. Hudson looked rather disappointed, but not ready to give up. “Do you like biscuits, love? I just made a batch this morning. I’ll bring some up for John and you, if you’d like. Chocolate chip!” She continued speaking in a soothing, low tone and slowly, the omega’s grip loosened. Eyes sparkling, Mrs Hudson reached out to touch the omega’s dark curls and he let her. “Oh, see, I’m not that bad, love. Dear lord, you are skinny! Don’t worry! I’ll fix that soon. After several days of eating my sweets, you’ll be filled out nicely!”
“They’re pumping fluids into you to keep you hydrated,” John explained, gently pushing Sherlock’s hand down. “Don’t touch it or try to move it. As for your leg, it had a gash. The doctor had to sew it up. He had to numb it so you wouldn’t feel any pain. Are you hungry, love? There’s a cafe below. I can get you some soup if you’d like.”
“Oh, Sherlock! How you manage to do that every single day without fail, it looks absolutely exhausting, darling!” Moriaty wheezed, setting the basket down on the table and pausing to admire his reflection in the mirror.
Hesitantly, the boy reached out thin, pale hands and cupped John’s face in his palms.. “Jawn,” he said again, timidly offering John a ghost of a smile, his slender fingers running down John’s cheeks. “I….” He trailed off, licking his lips nervously, as if waiting for John to suddenly snap at him, then continued, “I like that… Jawn.”
The cabbie driver took one whiff of John’s omega and he started drooling, eyes dark with lust.  “He smells amazing! Where’d you get him? I bet he gives a nice suck with that plush mouth of his. Do you fuck him? Or is he a virgin?”
“That coat is really expensive, Mrs. Hudson,” John gasped.  He has seen this style of coat in the windows of expensive clothing stories, selling for more than a thousand pounds. This was no small gift.
However, deep within the forest, where no soul would dare wander, in a hidden tower, Moriaty raised Prince Sherlock as his own. He kept the child locked up in the tower, filling the boy’s mind with lies that the world was a dangerous place full of people who would only do him harm. Sherlock believed this and he loved his father, so he grew up to believe that he could never leave his tower room or great danger would befall him.
Suddenly, a strong hand curled around his own. “Love?” It’s John. His forehead was wrinkled with concern and his blue eyes were soft. “Are you alright?”
Sherlock fell to the ground, whimpering in pain. “I-I’m sorry! Please… please, don’t hurt me, Master!” He was so scared that he was shaking, his teeth clattering together. His crotch felt damp and cool and with horror, he was struck with the realization that he had pissed himself.
Ace cleared his throat, suddenly realizing that he was caught. “Okay… let me just get this straight. I take you to see the lanterns. Bring you back home, and you’ll give me back my satchel?”
John growled and snatched the leash from the handler’s hand, eager to get away from this awful place. “You have your money. Now, do I need to fill out any paperwork?”
John sighed heavily but didn't look upset. He put the shirt in the cart. “We’ll take it. Come on, let’s go get you some shoes.” He started to push the cart in the direction of the shoe section.
The boy leaned close, glaring. “Something brought you here, Ace Watson. Call it what you will. Fate… destiny…”
Sherlock picked at the hem of his blanket with his long fingers and sighed heavily. “Jawn, yesterday night..”
John felt his heart melt and he pulled the omega close. “Yes…. a friend, Sherlock. God, you don’t know how much I’ve needed a friend. I’m so glad fate brought us together….. I can’t bear to think of what would have happened to….” He trailed off, unsure if he wanted to reveal the darker part of his history to Sherlock. Before the arrival of the omega, John had spent every waking minute of the day, contemplating ending his life and his misery once and for all. But when Sherlock had entered his life, a broken, abused boy whom John felt such an urge to protect, love, and care for, he hadn’t once thought of suicide. Now, he told himself, he has a reason to live.
Sherlock smelled divine and John struggled to push away the feelings of arousal and the alpha instinct in him telling him to mount, knot, and breed, and claim the boy right there and then. He had to set aside his own feelings and take care of Sherlock, who was clearly distraught and frightened. “Shh, it’s alright, love. It’s alright,” he managed to get out, his voice barely above a whisper. “I’m not going to hurt you… God…. I-I don’t know what to do…” His eyes widened when he realized the full gravity of the situation. He had an unbonded omega in heat in his flat, hormones going crazy, and he had no idea what to do first. “God help me!”
With a shake of his head, Sherlock started to try to sit up. “I’m not hungry, Jawn. I want to go home… back to Baker Street and Mrs. Hudson. I don’t like it here… too white and it smells bad.”
“Love, calm down, alright? I’m not going to hurt you. I’m just… amazed… that you were able to figure that all out. It’s all true, what you said. What about my brother?”
“Looks like we have to teach you table manners,” Jawn said with a chuckle. He forked another mouthful and Sherlock gobbled it down. Before long, the whole slice of casserole was gone and Sherlock looked longingly at the dish. “I wish I could let you eat more, love, but your stomach is not used to it. You need to let it digest. I don’t want you to get sick and throw up.” He wiped the corners of the omega’s mouth with a napkin and brushed the crumbs off his lap. “It’s nearly nine. Bedtime.”
Sherlock, so overwhelmed with guilt that he could not speak, stared numbly at the bowl of soup, his stomach growling but something holding him back from eating.
“I know… Men with scary teeth... That’s what Father said. Hmmm… let’s see if Father’s right.” He flipped the pan around and with the handle, pushed up the stranger’s lips, expecting to see razor sharp, blood stained teeth. Instead, he found perfect, straight, white teeth that seemed harmless. Still using the handle, he flipped the stranger’s hair out of his face. The stranger didn’t look threatening or gruesome as Moriaty had made all men out to be. Rather, the stranger looked like a prince or a knight from one of Sherlock’s novels. The stranger had golden tanned skin and a strong jaw. His hair was light as straw and he looked…. Beautiful… lying there with his eyes closed.
“Thanks Mrs. H. Come on, love. Let’s get you to bed,” John announced, standing up and shifting Sherlock around so the boy was resting on his hip. He took Sherlock to his bedroom and set the boy down on the bed. “We can make a little nest for you on the floor, love, if you’d like.”
“Sir… please… I have an owner... I-I-” He was cut off when the alpha grabbed him roughly around the waist and started tugging at his clothing. “No! Stop!” Sherlock screamed, his heart leaping in his throat. He tried to push the alpha’s intrusive hands away; tried to wriggle out of the man’s grasp. But he was too weak and the alpha was slowly subduing him. Although Sherlock didn’t want this, he could already feel slick trickling down his inner thighs.
“You’re mine, sweetheart, and only mine,” Moran whispered, lewdly lapping at the blood on Sherlock’s arse. “‘You were completely torn apart by my huge alpha cock, weren’t you, babe?”
“Of course, love! It’s extraordinary… it’s… God, I don’t know the words to describe it! You are a genius! How did you know all that? Just by looking at me? That’s incredible. God, I can’t believe it.”
Ace raised an eyebrow, wondering what exactly the boy was talking about. Gently, he laid a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“How did you-oh...never-mind. Yeah… I’m looking for a job. I found one, I think. Nice little clinic. The girl’s name is Sarah. She’ll be interviewing me later this afternoon. I suspect I’ll get the job.” John closed his laptop and folded his hands in his lap. “Do you think you’ll be alright here? For just two hours? I’ll ask Mrs. Hudson to stay with you if you wish.”
The omega shrugged his skinny shoulders, pale fingers hesitantly wrapping around the offered biscuit. “Sometimes… when they remembered,” came the quiet answer. Hesitantly, he stuck out his tongue and tasted the biscuit, eyes darting to and from John’s face. When John didn't make a move to stop him, the omega nibbled on the edge of the biscuit, then, his confidence gaining, took a bigger bite and some more until the sweet was all gone.
“It’s alright, love,” John said and squeezed Sherlock’s hand. He sounded so understanding and Sherlock felt like crying with relief. “Come here.” John pulled Sherlock towards him and pressed him against his chest.
Sherlock hiccuped suddenly and looked up at John. “Destiny… my youngest pup, she had your color of hair.” He reached up tentatively and curled his hand around a fistful of John’s golden hair. The omega’s lower lip quivered but the tears seem to have been dried up and finally, the omega let out a sigh. “I’m sorry, Jawn,” he whispered, hands falling to his side.
Sherlock stuck his finger under the cold stream of water and relaxed slowly as his pain subsided. “What’s it called? The…. dinner, I mean.”
Sherlock lifted a hand and placed a finger against John’s lips. Every move made him whimper in pain. “Don’t Jawn. Don’t. It’s not your f-fault. It was mine. I was rude… I am sorry.”
“My mother liked the name Sherlock but of course, she wasn’t allowed to name us. She called me ‘Sherlock’ in private… when our owner wasn’t around. Otherwise, I was known as pup 27. I don’t know what Sherlock means…. Does it mean anything, John?” The omega’s voice sounded hopeful.
Sherlock exchanged excited glances with Redbeard. “It’s time! I know, I know! Come on, get under the bed. You know how Father is when you get so excited.” He quickly shoved the dog under the bed and raced to the window to peer out. Down below, his father stood, swatched in a black cloak and carrying a rather large basket.
“I want the world to know that I belong to you, Jawn,” Sherlock continued quietly. Then, almost hesitantly, he reached up and pressed his warm, soft lips to John’s cheek.
“Why on earth would I want your hair? Look, kid, I was being chased, I saw a tower, I climbed it, end of story. Is this supposed to be an interrogation?”
The boy merely stared back at him, looking blank. “Who else knows my location, Ace Watson?” he asked and Ace nervously recoiled as the boy neared him, deadly pan in hand.
Mrs. Hudson frowned. “Not your housekeeper, dear. Now look at you, John. All that talk about not buying a slave and here you go! But, I know you won’t use him like all the others do. You have a kind soul, John Watson, even if you like to act gruff and unbreakable to hide it. Hello darling..” Mrs. Hudson neared the omega cautiously, holding out her hands. “I won’t hurt you, I promise.”
Holmes pulled back so that their foreheads were touching, "John," he whispered and John's heart skipped at beat at hearing his name pass those now flushed and plump lips.
"Thank you sir!" John accepted respectfully, placing the coins in his front trouser pocket before turning to head out whence he came.
It was a small victory when John sighed in resignation and picked the mug up again, sniffing the contents before dipping his tongue in. Sherlock raised a brow and John just rolled his eyes, taking a large sip and wrapped his fingers around the warmth. "Thank you."
John just stared at him, mouth slightly agape. He couldn't believe for one second that what he had done did not cause this man to leave, to run and never come back. But here he was, a true companion that would not stray away even when his mind was not right and tainted from war. "Sherlock, I've never meant to hurt you. You mean more to me than any living thing on this world! I hate myself for ever laying a finger on you...these bloody demons in my head! Its inexcusable! I wish....I just wish that I could be the man I once was. I don't think I'll ever be able to fully be him again....but that's the point..." tears trickled down his cheeks, gently landing on the cool floor, as his head fell forward in defeat, "That's the whole point. The man you thought I was....
Anderson then turned his and John's attention to the older man beside him. Davis looked around to be in his early forties with dark brown cropped hair and his outreached hand was also completely covered in dust and dirt. John took it with no hesitation. "Pleasure to meet you as well, Davis."
"So we don't have much in the fridge, but don't worry because I have an assortment of food." Sherlock set the plate down in front and watched as John scurried over and plumped down on his arse just staring at the plate.
Sherlock felt defeated. He had just met his very first human child and already the young boy had caught the dragonling’s interest.
“Morning Jake,” John smiled, walking past the terrified young man and into the small house, looking around, "Nice pants."
John looked to him in puzzlement then turned to the two other gentlemen - who seemed to have a problem talking for some reason. Lestrade cleared his throat and kept his eyes fixed on something that appeared to be behind John. John turned his head and spotted his cane resting neatly against his armchair. His eyes then travelled down to his feet, where he was leaning on one foot - pressure resting on his good leg but standing on two feet all the same.
Johnuin smiled at himself through the large mirror in his dressing room; admiring the precise stitching of the decorated sun on his breast - before a small, pale object caught his eye. The grin on his mouth faltered as he stared at it's reflection before turning around and walking toward it.
“Well…” Yela began, eyes wandering the dark room until they fell upon the candle still flickering on her bedside table, “They offer up a flame.”
The copper at the door he recognized walked over with a grim expression. "Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes has already left."
Both men turned to Sherlock with narrowed eyes and lips angrily drawn together. The musician rolled his eyes and took a sip of tea, "I rest my case."
When John looked up, he hadn't noticed he was gaping. His Lordship was clad in black trousers, a white button up and draped over his shoulders was a woollen blood red dressing gown. He looked regal and proper even without the orderly attire he was always seen wearing. He must have been staring too long because he didn't even realize that Lord Holmes was standing only two feet away.
John shuffled the bag in his hand, leaning into his cane. "You know what, Anderson, that is one  of the many mysteries I have yet to solve of our dear landlady."
"But why must it be me?! Why must I be the distraction! Why can't I help you?" John boiled with anger and he gripped the handle of his cane harder. Oh. "It's because I'm a cripple isn't it?!" He rounded on the other man, charging over and bunching the man's collar in his grip to hold him steady. "Just because I have trouble walking does not make me any less capable of a man, Mr. Holmes. I was a soldier while still being a doctor, I've
It took a moment for John to come back to reality before he turned back to Mrs. Hudson and his stomach fell at the sight. He saw her eyes widen and pinpoint an area on his face and a  hand going up to cover her somewhat gaping mouth gave John the answer for her actions.
The sound of moving leather was a signal that Sherlock shifted to sitting upright - and 'proper' - on the leather couch.
For quite some time the two boys ventured around the pool and surrounding area for more of the things on Sherlock's list. With all the warnings that Mycroft relayed to him about being in the presence of humans, Sherlock could never possibly have an ill thought of Johnuin. He was smart in his own way, interesting beyond compare and Sherlock was growing quite fond of him more than he would care to admit.
"My apologies again, my Lord. I have overstepped my bounds plenty during this meeting." John bowed again toward the seated man who's lips were slightly raised in one corner, "I will return to my duties. Thank you for allowing me the compost system."
Sherlock's eyes snapped open and his hand went to the back of his head immediately, “What did you do….”
Thank you so much for the Kudos and for those who have taken the time to read my fic. It is such a motivation when writing to know that people are enjoying it. Thank you again <3
Sherlock sighed in annoyance but set the dish down none the less and huffed across the table at the little man who caused this whole problem.
John hummed in response and slowly closed his eyes relishing in the moment. It was of course short lived when Sherlock heard the sound of a rumbling stomach below him.
“Oh please, John, the jackets barely three years old; made to fit and just slightly bigger in the sleeves for when you grow out.”
"The only one in the world actually, I invented the job. The police, with their tiny and illogical brains come to me when they run into trouble."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, fingers tapping idly on his desk and looked at his mark, 99%. He grimaced at the one wrong answer circled in red ink. Inexcusable.
The marble halls were easy enough to navigate through as he glanced down at his timetable and maneuvered through the other uniformed students with care. English Literature was his first class with M. Morstan.
Sherlock's hands shook from the pain that started in his chest and the feeling of his stomach twisting in knots. He tried to keep his steely demeanor but he must have faltered long enough for the boy across from him catch it and only aided in his smile deepening.
Defeated, John sighed and passed them over, returning to his sandwich and avoiding eye contact with the musician. Several flips and the flattening down sounds of sheets were the only thing John heard as he looked out the window. He turned when he felt the edge of a page touch the back of his hand.
“Good morning class, my name is Miss. Morstan. You can call me Miss or Miss. M, either is fine,” she pulled out a large binder and flipped it open while scanning the room. “With this new school year brings us new faces so I'll be calling on attendance.”
One evening, when he rode home on his bike with the now almost flat back tyre, thanks to Irene Adler’s sharpened bobby pin, the one thing on his mind was how to get John Watson on his side.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed dramatically, “I wouldn't call following you home and mapping out your school routine to be considered
John sucked in a breath and turned to face his employer, standing up taller and ready to defend his position. "It would be beneficial to the cooks and your money, my Lord!"
Jacob flushed at the comment before Greg lifted his hand up beside his face to expose a gold band, “Don't worry mate, I'm already taken. Beautiful woman sitting out there on the sofa’s my girl.”
"Sorry mate!" A worried voice from the other man called....it was a familiar voice. "Sherlock! Is that you?"
Greg sighed and went to the kitchen, throwing his coat and dress jacket onto one of the kitchen chairs and rolled up his sleeves. He grabbed a white dishcloth and walked back to living room, gently dabbing at the droplets of tea running down the canvas.
John chuckled and Sherlock spoke up, "Which is exactly why we've come, Mrs. Hudson. I would like to book out John's room for several hours."
John smiled and then reflexively stood up from his seat and wandered between Sherlock when Mycroft took a step forward. "Always, you know a cane does work wonders when wanting to bash someone's head in."
Sherlock grinned at the golden harp, frosted coloured eyes catching a hint of candlelight before his mind came up with a brilliant but bold idea. He vanished within the crowd, slipping into a dark corner, fingertips buzzing with lighting blue magic.
Looking up from his plate with a large grin, John noticed the pasta dish out in front of Sherlock. The fettuccine dish was laced with freshly grilled chicken, spinach and topped with freshly shredded parmesan. When he looked up at his colleague, John caught an eye roll.
<3 you all for the Kudos and comments I really appreciate you all and you encourage me to continue writing!
John chuckled and shifted in his seat to face her better, "You're lucky I'm a crippled and unemployed veteran, Mrs.Hudson, or I would have snatched you up." He joked.
Yela rubbed at her eyes before she noticed a spark of light held in the grip of her son’s left hand. She frowned at it before her eyes widened in recognition.
"So," - John breaking the quiet streak - "any reason why we're here?" Sherlock gave him a questionable glance and he continued "Because we could have gone anywhere, someplace quite cheaper, in fact, but here we are."
It was already 12pm and as the grandfather clock chimed it's tune in the clustered hallway of Johns flat, he sat motionless on his bed.
He couldn't tell if Dr. Watson was touched by the speech or not but he nodded none the less and set the gun down on the table, “and you’re sure?…”
Mycroft turned to face the gaping doctor with a tight smile, "Pleasure to make your acquaintance again, Captain Watson. I see that your face has healed since our last meeting."
Sherlock had managed to slither closer to Johnuin's surprise, as he didn't even realize the other man's presence until he was almost five feet away.
John lit up like a Christmas tree, but at the same time his stomach rolled. This was it. The chance to prove himself in this household and to himself.
Sherlock dabbed the corner of his mouth, before returning it to his lap and looked at John with such seriousness. "Dr. Watson, since you claim to be much more observant then from our first meeting, you should realize that my appetite is slim to none."
John could have jumped in excitement but instead pulled Molly in and gave her a big ol' smooch on the cheek. Her face couldn't have turned a darker red at the gesture, and she nodded at him before disappearing up the steps.
Sherlock heard Irene laugh behind him and Wilkes snicker beside her. He heard Moriarty count each and every locker number as they passed and felt the grip of Moran tighten. The next time his brother would see him, Mycroft would for sure be calling the school to have each and every one of them expelled.
Sherlock walked over to him for a shake and when Jake offered his hand, was pulled in until he heard the dark and ice cold voice whisper in his ear, “If you do anything - and I mean
this form of acceptance and affection from the man he had adored and longed to touch after their first meeting. Sherlock was not like any other person he had known, sure John had had relationships with both women and men in the past - for which he covered up - but none had been like the consulting detective. Intelligent, brave, and difficult; a trait in which John had come to love. But this was wrong, this was all wrong.
Greg shuffled through the books on the table until he pulled a well kept and large white medical textbook from the bottom of the pile. He held it up with a smile as he noticed his partner-in-crimes grin deepen.
“What's wrong, love?” Rosie asked, her eyes holding a worried gaze noticing the way that Jake now looked like a scared and lost puppy.
John looked down at his feet at three full bags of plant scraps and came up with an excellent idea. During his past employment, John had made systems - which he learned from past experience - and decided to start it once again.
Sherlock shook his head, eyes glued to the grass under his shoes. His back was getting sore from leaning against the tree, but he didn't really care. He had to make plans for how to deal with Moriarty and his crew until the year ended.
John snorted which earned a grin from his husband, “Now, now everyone calm down. We do this because we love our daughter and need to know who she's with. You could be a bloody serial killer for all we know.”
Sherlock's eyes shot to him and narrowed, "Of course everything is alright, perfect, fantastic. Why wouldn't it be?..."
Sherlock sighed, twirling his fork in the pasta with a pout, "Angelo, the head chef here, always insists on supplying me with large portions."
Johnuin nodded with a smile. He had always loved his mother’s stories; especially when they were tales of dragons and magic. She could go on for hours and hours about the great dragons of old and the bond between them and humans before the Great War. Harriet, his older sister, would laugh them off - calling them ‘mums made up nonsense’ and 'old biddies tales' that held no truth. “They’re just stories, Johnuin, that’s all they are. You'd be stupid if you actually believed them! Mother's just coddling you as per usual - filling your mind with useless fluff.”
“You're taking me to your flat” Sherlock stated matter of factly, sneaking a glance in his prereferral to see John open his mouth then close it.
Before even mentioning what happened last night, Mike had already placed several sheets of papers in front of the veteran. "You get a couple to chose from." He stated, and went back to typing something on his typewriter.
"Indeed." Sherlock got up from his seat and went to stand beside the red plush chair, gaze going over to the remaining tea contents in the cup. He pulled out a small notebook from his trouser pocket and penned in some minor details. Around 2/4 of the contents residing in the subjects stomach. No sign of affect to the mixture. Interesting...
"No bother" John grinned, maneuvering past the taller man to stand in front of Braddock. He grabbed the coat and held it out to Sherlock, "You better put it on." The other man did, but not without voicing his displeasure, "But what about you?"
John was trying to be coy, Sherlock noticed, his eyes remained in front of him and glued to his seat while the same steely glare remained on his face. He must've felt Sherlock's eyes bore into his very soul, but didn't even bother a glance his way.
John sighed and sent an apologetic look to the clerk before facing the detective and raising a brow, "After a sprat like this? I guess I have little choice however, I do have a bag full of groceries." He raised the bag toward the other man, swaying it for emphasis. There was a pause before Sherlock grabbed it from him and headed toward the door, "It takes longer than a few hours for food such as this to rot, John. Several weeks, in fact."
“John I….i need to know something. Something that's been on my mind for a while. I saw the gun in your lunchbox.”
John flipped the paper in his hands to be greeted with the disheveled face of Jonathan Doe with a prisoner number splayed on the front of a card.  "I'm waiting for it." John replied with a smirk.
“Oi! That's my book!” John called out, anger seeping more into his voice. Sherlock noted the tremor in his left hand go off again, watching as John flexed his fingers before reaching into his bag. “I thought I grabbed it….” His voice trailed off when he pulled the white hardcover he thought was his own until turning it around. Instead of his own text, there was an English one in its place.
Lestrade handed off some papers to his secretary and headed toward his office; doctor and consulting detective following behind. "Look John, I'm sorry but it's not our division. Murray was murdered outside of our-"
Johnuin tightened his grip on the weapon as the man slowly approached him, un-wielding any sort of danger other than the toothy grin that held sharp fangs. He approached as if in slow motion; the shock having people frozen in place with wide eyes. It was extremely unsettling…
“As much as you hate to admit it, John, it was an accident. You need to move on, you can't hold onto this forever…Harry wouldn't want you to.”
With one hand cupping John's face and gently using his thumb to stroke his cheek, Sherlock turned to the bowl beside him on the nightstand and wrung out the small cloth, the best of his ability with one hand, and carefully began to wipe John's face; the cool water gracing the worn skin with comfort.
There was silence that hung in the air like thick fog and then the sound of retreating footsteps. John took a shaky breath and then stopped his work, turning over to land on his arse and wiping  his forehead with the back of his hand. So much for first impressions.
Sherlock's thoughts were all tuned out when a body blocked his view and positioned itself in front. “Hello ‘Lockie, got something for me?”
Sherlock had soon found himself situated on a chair outside of the room, scowling at the punishment. It had required two of Mycroft's men to get him out of the 'surgery room' alone. He had sneered at their first attempts before big brother himself administered a knock-out agent to calm him down.
"I'm sorry..." he whispered, slowly opening his eyes to be met with the perfect stare of his companion.
“Just in the kitchen” he pointed, bringing his attention now to the silent young man prettified in the corner. “Jacob.”
Holmes emerged from the shadows in the back of the room and walked over, hands placed behind his back. "No bother."
Sherlock looked unaffected by the words and continued looking at him, hands steepled below his chin as his arms rested on the table.
Jake looked over to the other body currently in the kitchen and grinned nervously, “So how have you been since Christmas, Mr. Holmes?”
John shook his head, sitting the pamphlet down on the car seat space between them. "I cannot perform Mycroft!"
Queen Yela sat up in her bed with tired eyes as she beckoned her little boy into the room, “John, my sweet child, what are you doing up at this hour?”
John stammered but went over to the detective, already getting a better view of the grotesque corpse.
He didn't even realize Sherlock was positioned right behind him and leaning over until he felt a warm breath on his ear. John jumped in his seat, the newspaper page crinkling in his grip. "Jesus, Sherlock! Scare me half to death!"
John chuckled heartedly and took a bite of veal, "Well, he could have possibly taken that into consideration and wants to feed you up."
Weeks went by with lunches that dragged on and on each time he sat down at his table. Like clockwork, Jim Moriarty and his gang of thugs would corner him, either spitting in his juice or throwing his food half across the room. They threatened for his cash but Sherlock stood to his word, refusing each and every time. On multiple occasions he would end up locked inside a locker or pushed against the bathroom wall to be decked in the stomach and keel over on the dirty ground. Enough was enough and he was losing his patience.
John shuffled on his hands to take in the sight before him. Sherlock was in front of him, slightly bent down on one knee with the collar of his dress shirt creased and scrunched up as if-
Sherlock stood from his seat, eyes glued to the figure who sat alone with the familiar medical text on the table and marched over without another thought until he stood beside his person of interest. John must've been so absorbed in his reading that he didn't even glance up to see the figure looming over him. However, this also meant he failed to pull down the sleeve of his jacket that revealed the sliver of skin of his right wrist.
It was a month since that night at The Landmark, after Sherlock spotted a chief editor to The Strand, it struck John as odd that such a sight was unusual. But then again....this was Sherlock Holmes he was talking about.
John let out a sarcastic sigh, “Calm down, Cheekbones. How the hell else ya gonna get that shite out?”
Sherlock looked up from under his lashes and stood up from his hunching position. "You surprise me, doctor."
.'" John's face formed 'impressed' as he snuck a glance at Sherlock, who in turn was eyeing him as well. He laughed at the page and gave the man an adoring look. "'
It took a while, but Yela was forced to co-operate and went back through the darkened woods toward the castle. Her world was slowly falling apart - images of her son being lost or worse… dead, flooded her mind - it wasn't until they reached the castle perimeter that she heard a small voice calling after her. Yela froze, turning back to the forest when she spotted a little golden head running toward her amongst the darkness.
Sherlock's head turned and eyes wandered about the cafe. "You need not answer me right now, I'm sure you have a lot to think abou-"
"Trust me, I've used it before. My uncle was a doctor. He showed me tricks that could pass as homemade remedies for incidents such as this" he chuckled. "Now," John reached for a clean cloth that was situated on the towel and gently wrapped it around Molly's hand, tying it gently in place, "Make sure not to burn you other hand, alright? And I want that to be made a promise, Miss."
Sherlock watched his retreating frame leave the lunchroom and then turned his head to be greeted by Lestrade, eyes bugged out and mouth agape.
“I couldn't sleep, would you tell me a story please?” Johnuin asked, snuggling closer to his mother for warmth as she cuddled him in her arms.
The gang of miscreants took their seats after collecting their papers on the front desk and Irene made the long trek around the classroom, chewing loudly on her gum. Miss had her back turned at the most inopportune time that she completely missed the sly looking girl remove the gum from her lips and plaster it right on the back of Sherlock's curls.
It was now John's turned to be shocked out of words and then tried to revoke. "W-what are you implying?"
He quickly grabbed all the vials, stuffing them into his bag and was about to bolt to safety when a small voice caught his attention.
Mycroft poked his head in and casually looked around the room, eyes finally falling on his little brother. Sherlock had hoped he wouldn't notice the small forming of a purple bruise just below his left eye - or the way his white dress shirt was rolled down on the cuffs to cover the hand print on his wrist. Of course he couldn't trick his brother. This was Mycroft Holmes - the man with the same talent of deduction; his teacher as a matter of fact.
Standing in the kitchen over a - now broken - glass vial, stood Sherlock. His face dawning odd looking spectacles to cover his eyes, and a cloud of smoke raising from the base of his feet and clouding up the kitchen.
The sun was already starting to make its way slowly to the horizon when John was walking along the dirt path to home. He had secured a good collection of five pairs of working gloves in his person, thanks to the amount that Lestrade had so generously given him. He checked his watch, noting that dinner would normally be served to the house very soon and he took a deep breath. Living in several different houses, and constantly moving around in order to find a good enough place to settle down permanently, was John's end goal. Only being twenty-eight and having no real inspiration or motive to settle down and marry, was not something he thought of regularly. He wanted a sense of security, but at the same time he wanted excitement.
Sherlock paused and looked at John with such annoyance, it made his cheeks turn pink with embarrassment. "It's regarding the case, John. Papers of information regarding those who knew Carl Merchent. Close friends, family, co-workers, so on so forth." He paused before looking back at the desk in front. "Did you read the note?"
The phone from the sitting room went off and John nearly lost his balance on the sink. He went to grab for his cane but as soon as his index finger tapped at the handle, it slipped and crashed to the tiled floor.
John took that as an indication to get up from his seat and limped to the table, reaching for a pen with a sigh, and throwing it over to
"Sh'lock-" he moaned, smooth and plush lips tracing down his neck to the elevated pulse point, beating with desire. Once they found the marked target, Sherlock sucked the spot lightly and ran a hand down the doctors chest, to the tent in his trousers. John couldn't help but buck up a bit to gain much wanted pressure from the musicians hand.
Sherlock's heart hammered at the thought of how handsome the man had become. He was always beautiful, even then. But now. Now, he was a force to be reckoned with. His stout body had filled in with muscle underneath the cloth and his chest was broad, proudly displaying the emblem of a golden sun to match his demeanour.
Jim's eyes narrowed at the name but it only encouraged Sherlock to continue, “Only child, parents practically ignore you and they just bought a new house companion to keep you out of their hair. Dog. Cocker spaniel ? No… English Bulldog.”
to spend at least one minute in our presence! Maker knows that he'd rather us be gone instead of mummy - he can't even look us in the eyes!"
Sherlock got up and marched to the bedroom, returning only a second later with a short strand of greying hair. "Take it and get out."
"Mr. Watson! Anderson never mentioned he saw you run here as well! I'm sorry sir, but I only have one jacket."
The alleyways were narrow, incredibly so that Sherlock tried very hard to maneuver within the shadows. Thanks to his lithe frame, it was manageable but not without pancaking his body against brick walls and crouching behind metal bins.
The words that came out from him caused the man to frown, brows knitted tightly together. "E-excuse me?" John could swear the mans voice softened.
John gave him a knowing look and Sherlock was instantly defeated, blowing out an annoyed puff of air, "I was contacted by Mycroft."
Greg nodded, and after adjusting his shirt, marched over to the table while collecting an armful of books. “‘Scuse me, mate” he smiled while plopping the books down directly in front of John and ‘accidentally’ spreading them all over the table so that they covered the other boy's book in the process.
John got up roughly from the bed and anger quickly engulfed his senses. Charging at the figure in full force made his injured leg sting, but he didn't care. He grabbed the man from the collar of his dusty and torn shirt and threw him against the wall. "How dare you come find me. How dare you! Five months, Sholto....FIVE, BLOODY MONTHS!" John was sobbing now, shoulders shaking like mad and his legs felt like jelly. He tried to stay up as best he could but his body objected and he ended up sinking to the floor.
“S-sir, Rosie and I had a sit down chat and she was the one that decided to move in! I only offered!”
on your clothes, let alone the hickey on your nape. Coat collars and scarves can only cover so much -"
John was frozen on the spot, he too gave the taller man a once over before shoving his hands in his jacket and holding his head up high, “Whose asking.”
"Didn't you read it silly?" A small grin played on her lips as she tucked it back away in her purse before continuing, "Its the annual musician banquet. You know, to bring local musicians together for a feast and trade their secrets!"
John laughed that time, wiping his eyes with his sleeve once again. When the air between them cooled, John took the opportunity to look at Sherlock once more with a small smile on his lips, “Thanks, Sherlock.”
... I've done some research on him and his family. Seems the Watson's are a rotten egg within the bunch.” Sherlock gripped his fork tighter in his hand. Mycroft continued, “I can have him expelled from Sherinford for the bruises he's given you. You may be able to tolerate the physical as of right now, but the psychological pain he must be causing is inexcusable, Sherlock. I will not tolerate it.”
The door shut before Greg could finish and he turned to John, pinching the bridge of his nose followed by a sigh of defeat, "Well, you better go after him."
"The fourth must have been Merchant, after his death which is similar to that of Murray - beheaded after they were murdered."
“Sherlock Holmes get in the car this instant!” Mycroft yelled, window fully down and eyes narrowed dangerously in his brother's direction.
Just then a little boy around six or so, seated himself on the bench beside them and pulled at his backpack, unzipping the large section and pulling out a small tupperware container. John's attention immediately was turned to its contents. Cantaloupe and grapes. His snout twitched in interest and he began to paw in the little boys direction. Sherlock caught on instantly and stared at the clear container in the boys hands.
Mycroft didn't even hide the utter shock on his face at the state of his brother approaching, but excused himself from the group, probably to avoid any issues. Sherlock watched as he stalked the rest of the distance and grabbed his arm forcefully. “You better have a good excuse for this, Sherlock” Mycroft hissed.
Dressing was always a tedious chore for the prince. On many different occasions he would protest, saying instead that he was quite capable on dressing himself. His mother ended up ignoring him, getting Micheal Stamford to take on the position. Micheal and Johnuin had known each other since they were children; Mike’s father holding the same position for the King, many years before.
"Well sir, I've learnt under my father. So that would be about.." John paused, mind calculating, "..thirteen years, sir."
When John returned, he had a small vial in hand with a cork secured in the lip. He pulled it off and then dipped a finger in, smearing it over the red blotch that was starting to blister.
"You heard me" John chuckled beside him and his head snapped to the source of the sound, eyes wide. "Not a compliment you're used to hearing, I'm guessing?”
Out the door the taller man went, long coat bellowing behind and John tipped his cap in departure before hastily following.
Sherlock couldn't help but spot the large textbook the boy carried around everywhere, now that it was exposed on the lid of the grand piano. Medical textbook. Interesting, he wants to study medicine. Medicine = Doctor.
"We re-arranged the DNA from the hair follicle you had produced of John's mixed with that of the Hedgehog, we re-constructed 'John'."
I'm very sorry for the delay. It was a lot longer than I was anticipating but I was going through some personal stuff. So without further ado......A NEW CHAPTER!
John kept his eyes plastered to the ground but when silence lingered between the three of them, he snuck a glance up. Lord Holmes was eyeing him, pupils roaming up and down his body with slightly creased brows. John tired very hard not to blush under the awkward gaze, but failed.
When he took his break, John snuck a sheet of paper and a pen from Lestrade's table in the dining room, and set to write a little poem. Once done, he folded the paper several times into a little square with a tiny opening, and placed the little purple flower in it. He was just about to set out and find his favourite maid, when Molly walked right into him.
Sherlock stilled when he reached the threshold, trying to zone in on the thump earlier. Just as he did he heard a small scatter of feet against the hardwood beside the bed. He dove for the sheets throwing them off the floor. What he saw made him gape. There was no John present anymore. What stood before him was a small, prickly and long snouted animal.
Mycroft fell silent, eyes still remained bore into John with a hint of disdain. "Dr. Watson, may I remind you that this whole situation is not a
Just as Sherlock was opening his mouth to retort, the sound of footsteps hitting every single step of 17, cut through the sitting room. “Speak of the devil,” Sherlock grinned, shooting up from his seat to open up the door of the flat.
"Hey now just wait a min-" before Dimmock could finish his thought, Sherlock was already through the door and pulling out his magnifying glass. John stepped over the threshold and took in the narrow but quaint hallway, decorated with several paintings and lit up beautifully by the windows framing the door. Following his colleague into the next room, John's breath caught in his throat and his body felt completely numb.
His grip tightened around the collar and Sherlock craned his neck slightly back in order to keep the fabric from jamming his airways. "John, c-calm down, please..."
The office door opened and Mike Stamford stood staring at the group with a furrowed brow before motioning them in with a tilt of his head.
John's fists clenched tightly around his cup and Sherlock perked up at his name,"That was you?" he spat.
Thinking better of it, Sherlock ran to the kitchen and grabbed for a syringe, wiping it down with alcohol and testing the tip. Still sharp. He strode to the fridge and opened up the butter compartment, pulling out a small tube labeled 'Jawn' and smirked.
"The landlady. This was my husbands last investment and our home as a matter of fact. I'm just on the first floor here if you need me."
Sherlock missed the wide-eyed look that John had given him and the quick shake of his head that must have been an attempt to clear his head from any thought that got caught up there. Instead, the room was in silence for a time before the blonde couldn't keep his mouth shut any longer.
Rosie was flowing gracefully about the kitchen, collecting food storage containers while Jacob was finishing up the risotto and chopping onions. “Is this a good idea, Hun?” he asked skeptically, hoping to not sound rude in her ears.
Without further ado, heres the next chapter! (Will try to get another out for you guys this weekend if I have time!)
He had made it to the middle of the lunchroom when a hand clamped down on his shoulder. “Looking a little beat up ‘Lockie.”
He had always heard the best of the best musicians being given a chance to play at this exquisite place, and those who did happen to perform were either big name artists, or those who composed but had great talent - worthy for more. John had never made it that far is his music career, mostly due to the medical degree his father drove him to get, and to the war that cut right through his hopes and dreams. He never wanted to become a doctor - or a
Sherlock nodded, following suit before he grimaced at the thought of Mycroft’s reaction to his absence. He had completely lost track of time spending his evening with his new acquaintance.
John chuckled and gently messaged his wounded upper body after readjusting himself in his covers. "I thank you for your interference Mr. Holmes, and I greatly apologize if I woke you."
Sherlock hummed in reply and then sat back up in his chair, leaning forward and steepling his fingers under his chin. With each sip that John took, his eyes narrowed more and more and John's widened because of it.
John's head fell in embarrassment and he couldn't help but smile at the fact that Sherlock's taller figure had completely blocked him from view.
The minutes passed by so quickly before Braddock re-appeared at the steps of the gazebo. "Thank you for covering, sir." He smiled and accepted the bucket happily with an outreached hand. John instructed him on the next several tasks before hoisting up the flower bags and returning them to the shed.
Sherlock went to making himself an omelette filled with sliced ham, freshly cut parsley and cheese; the counters remained cluttered with dirty dishes and pans but was easily pushed aside into a stack whenever they got in the way. Of course, now that John was a mere little Hedgehog, any jobs around the flat were Sherlock's responsibility.......in other words, they never got done.
"But it's expensive, too expensive for two blokes such as ourselves, sharing a flat in the heart of London. We don't even have jobs!"
Sherlock wriggled at the loss of contact and once John was released, he pulled Sherlock closer so that their chests were flush and their members between them. Electricity surged at the contact and they both let out pleasurable sounds.
This was it. He was a complete idiot and fool. Why would he say that? Why would he think that more flirting would be a good thing at this very moment. And then calling him beautiful?! The man, of course, was gorgeous. But here. In a shed? Soaking wet? He must have gone mad. Completely and utterly mad.
Davis let out a laugh, "'Appens every year, these bloody bastards are always shootin' up from the ground all over the place. Bloomin' weeds is all they are."
Just as he padded to the door and held an ear against it, he heard the soft sounds of John's snoring flooding through. Excellent. He gently pushed it open, slowly walking toward John's side of the bed and lifted the sheet slightly so that his left arm was exposed. Sherlock absently took John's pulse from his wrist, storing the data in his mind palace for later, and then brushed a hand through his fringe for comfort.
As the door closed behind him, John reached for the bottle of whiskey and crystal glass with shaky hands.
John carefully went to the wrapped object and proceeded to remove the pillowcase. He removed a layer of newspaper then to expose a beautiful piece of artwork. A grand piano. The piece in itself was created with such detail that it displayed the delicate musical piece in the centre of a spotlight. It was one of the very few things John owned that he could say he was proud of. Coming up with his own money to commission it, he was very reluctant to ever sell it, and so it was his most guarded possession.
In defeat, John shook his head, hung up his garb, and headed to his room. Sherlock had already managed to remove the sheet covering the grand piano and was now working on the drapes. John sat down on the small wooden bench and lifted the cover, revealing recently polished white and black keys. He smiled to himself relishing in the small joy and warmth that grew in him.
“Oh no!” The little golden child cursed, getting up from his spot in the dirt and brushing at his trousers, “That's my mum calling me.”
He slid up next to Lestrade and mumbled his complaint.“You know he's the one that's at fault here and look at him - doesn't even register I'm here.”
“Hold on.” He turned back around for a second. “Alright. I’m used to it. Guys, I want a castle.” He slung his pack over his shoulder and scrambled across the roof to his companions, who were anxiously glancing about, most likely expecting to be discovered at any moment.
“Three of them…. Spirit, Destiny, Moonlight… that’s what I called them. My owner just called them numbers…” The omega’s head drooped as he recalled some of his traumatic past. John gently nuzzled the pale cheek, offering as much comfort as he could. “He… he took them away when they no longer needed me…. Didn’t even let me say goodbye. I just woke up and they were gone… I didn’t have a chance to… to….” The omega sobbed suddenly and clung to John with all his strength, body shaking with each sob.
Sherlock shifted until he was settled on John’s lap, facing John. “Please Jawn… I want you to make me yours.. Please. I trust you and I love you and I want to know that I belong to you for always and forever,” the omega pleaded, eyes bright with anticipation and love.
“Shh,” Sherlock whispered, placing a finger on John’s lips and smirking. “You didn’t let me down. I wanted to tell you, Jawn. Thank you. Thank you for saving me. Thank you for… for caring about me. Can we just forget what happened last night?”
It seemed like only a few minutes before the prisoner awoke. Upon realizing he was trapped, he began yanking at his bonds. “Oi! Is this…. Hair?” the stranger grunted, glaring down at Sherlock’s dark curls wrapped around his wrists and ankles.
“Just a nightmare… but I felt you put your arms around me and it went away.” Sherlock looked  into John’s cornflower blue eyes, feeling comforted by the presence of the strong alpha. “You had dreams last night too. I could feel you tossing and turning, muttering something under your breath.”
For a moment, they stayed together like that, then Sherlock coughed and John, startled, pulled away. Flushing, he glanced down at his watch. “God, it’s almost lunch. Are you hungry, love? There are a few restaurants close to the store. Angelo’s Italian is a good one.”
“Okay, this is going to hurt,” he warned as he doused a cotton ball with peroxide. Gently, he dabbed at the worst of the cuts and winced along with the boy as the alcohol sizzled, cleaning out and disinfecting the wound. “Sorry, love… Just tell me if it hurts too bad and I’ll stop.”
Visions of previous forced bondings and rapes flashed before his eyes. He remembered Master Moran, pushing his huge cock into his hole and filling him with seed, then bonding him, biting him so hard that the blood ran freely all over his neck. No. He never wanted to bond again, not even with John. He didn’t want to feel the pain and get reminded of those awful, dark nights he spent in Moran’s bed, smeared with semen and bleeding from all over. Never again will he let an alpha get advantage of him and even if he had to fight, he was not about to give up his body.
“You could never do anything bad enough that would make me punish you, Sherlock! You have been hurt too much in your life. I do not wish to add to that pain,” John replied, his  brow wrinkled and his face strained with pain. “I could never hurt you… I have hurt a lot of people in my life and I don’t wish to hurt another. My father…” He swallowed, face draining of color. “My father.. .he was a cruel man. Ever since I can remember, he punished me for every little thing-even things that weren’t my fault. I swore never to do what he did to me to another person. I am aiming to keep that promise. Do you understand, Sherlock?”
Sherlock looked up at him through wet, agonized eyes. “I was out at line, John. I’m not supposed to touch my master without permission. It’s not alright, John. I shouldn’t have,” he whispered. “I just wanted to thank you… for all you’ve done for me.”
“Sarah, this is Sherlock,” John said, an unusually large smile on his face. “Sherlock, this is Sarah. She interviewed me at the clinic and gave me the job! She wasn’t busy so I invited her over for dinner.”
Sighing, John bit his lip. “I hope that one day, you will learn to trust and believe me, Sherlock. But until then, I shall do everything I can to earn your trust.”
Although John wanted to stay and cuddle the omega, he knew the boy needed more tending too. Quickly and expertly, he applied an antibiotic salve to the omega’s scars and bandaged up his wrists, which were deeply lacerated from the heavy chains he was often bound with. He helped the boy into the jumper and boxers, being careful not to bump the bruised skin. When at last, the boy was dressed and his wounds were cleaned, John was confident that the omega looked much brighter. At least, some of the fear in the omega’s eyes were gone. “You look amazing, love,” John told him and he was pleased to see the omega’s lips tug upwards in a smile.
“This is all my fault,” John said, apparently not listening. “I… I could have prevented this. I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that… I’m so so sorry, Sherlock…”
“Miscalculated indeed! What were you trying to do? Make a nuclear bomb?” Mrs. Hudson took the towel that was hanging from her waist and wiped the black stuff off Sherlock’s face as best as she could. “Now, let me come and see what you’ve done to the flat. Hopefully, we can still salvage some things.”
(John retrieved the box and pulled out a small photo album with torn pages and a worn leather cover. He opened up to the first page and saw a few pictures of Sherlock with a pretty elderly lady with green eyes and gray hair.  One was of the old lady and Sherlock sitting on the porch. The red collar around Sherlock’s neck was too big for him and his curls were almost down to his shoulders. His eyes were bright, showing no sign of the traumatic young man that was huddled in John's arms at the moment. The lady’s arm was draped around Sherlock’s waist and both were smiling.)
“Every day that I was with them, I prayed that I might die. That I might fall into death whilst being tortured. I wanted the pain to go away so badly! Jim and Moran would not let me die. They said they wanted to get their money’s worth out of me! Finally, one day, I collapsed while Jim was fucking me and I would not wake up. They took me to the hospital and I was removed from their ownership because of the abuse. That’s when...I came to you. I have been used by countless people-not just my owners. My body… it’s defective, Jawn. You don’t want me, ever. I am no longer a virgin and I have the marks of others on my body. How… How can you look at me and say that I am lovely? I am not lovely… I’m just a sex toy. I’m dirty!”
John stood up, the omega still latched around him, and walked to the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson smiled gently when she saw Sherlock awake and motioned for them to take a seat. “Would you like to have your own chair, love, or sit with me?” John asked.
The shops weren’t too busy and Sherlock was relieved. John pushed the cart down a row of clothing racks, Sherlock clinging to his side. The omega looked uncomfortable, walking next to John like an equal, and John knew he was probably used to being dragged on the ground by a leash. John squeezed the omega’s hand reassuringly and Sherlock offered him a ghost of a grin.
A light turns on, shrouding the omega’s nest in glaring, white light and breaking the peaceful family scene.  There are some rough voices and rattling around. Sherlock curls protectively around his pups. They latch onto him with their tiny fists, whimpering with fear. Tense, Sherlock sniffs the air, getting a whiff of powerful, aroused alpha scent. He lets out a low growl.
“Language, John, language,” Mrs. Hudson reprimanded but she didn’t sound angry. “See? That’s a sign of his trust. He wouldn’t have dared spoken like that if he did not trust you a little.” She arranged the silverware and dishes neatly and then clapped her hands together. “All ready. I don’t want to wake the poor thing but he probably needs to eat….”
“You could have been blown to a million bits, Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson wagged a finger in the young omega’s face. “Next time, wear safety glasses. I don’t want your eyes getting burned.”
The front desk was a long, low table dangerously close to collapsing from the weight of files stacked on it. A head poked up over a tall stack. A young beta woman with dark hair greeted them with a stiff nod. “How can I help you?” she asked in a tone of voice that reflected how bored she was.  John held out his letter from the government and the woman smiled tightly. “Please fill out this form,” she says, giving him a clipboard and pen. “Then, I can take you back to see the omegas.”
“Oh, don’t feel bad, Mrs. Hudson. He’s been badly abused. I honestly don’t know why he’s taken to me so quickly,” John told her reassuringly. “He’ll learn to love you, though, won’t you, love?”
The omega swallowed, licked his dry lips, and whispered, “T-Thank you, master.” He was so quiet, though, that John had to strain to catch what he said.
The door of 221b swung open and Sherlock turned his head to see the golden-haired alpha striding through the doorway. “Jawn!” he exclaimed and jumped up, making a beeline for John.
“If we do this job, you can buy your own castle,” Sebastian Moran growled. “Now come on. Stop fooling around Ace.”
Thirty minutes later, Sherlock was cleaned up and the kitchen was tidied as well. The black spot had come out with a bit of scrubbing on Mrs. Hudson’s part and all traces of the ill-fated experiment had been cleared away. Mrs. Hudson left 221b after making Sherlock promise that he would wear safety glasses and gloves for his next experiment and Sherlock, feeling bored now the excitement was over, plopped down on the couch and steepled his fingers underneath his chin. “I wish Jawn was coming home,” he said aloud because he didn’t like the emptiness and quietness of the flat.
“Wha? I just… I can’t believe that after all we’ve been together, you don’t trust me!” Ace said, feigning a broken heart. He stuck out his bottom lip. “Ouch. Guys, that really hurts.” He slipped them the satchel and the brothers grabbed it greedily. While the brothers helped him up, Ace slipped the satchel from Seb’s belt and slipped it into his own belt.
“We’re going to have to get the address engraved on the back. There’s a shop down the street that does it.”
John couldn’t help the growl that escaped his lips. “Mike, I’m not an invalid and I have no interest in finding a mate.”
Sherlock exchanged panicked looks with John. “No! No! Jawn… I want you to stay! Don’t leave me!” he cried, clutching onto John’s hand with all his strength.
"Anyway, when I was just ten, I was sold to my second owner, an old woman by the name of Margaret and she was kind and treated me more like a son than a slave. I slept in bed with her and she showered me with toys and affection. I believe she was lonely and longed for companionship. I liked how she smiled when I joked and danced for her. She was... the only owner I've ever really liked. Slaves are supposed to love all their owners but Miss Margaret was the only one I... I ever truly loved. Oh, I’ve got a picture of her in the bin of stuff from the House.”
After selecting a few more clothing items, the two made their way for the checkouts. There was a line ahead of them , so they had to wait. John busied himself with finding his wallet, which he seemed to have misplaced, and Sherlock, still gripping John’s hand, looked around the store with wide eyes. “Oi, John Watson,” a familiar voice said, and John looked up, finding himself face to face with an old friend and fellow alpha, Trevor Walters.
Sherlock tilted his head, studying his furry friend’s face. “I know what you’re thinking, boy, and I’m not so sure it’ll work. But I am turning eighteen in a few days….” He trailed off, turning his attention to the open window nearby. Wandering over, he propped his elbows on the sill and gazed out. For miles, all he could see was trees and above the treeline was the sky, a brilliant blue. A butterfly flitted past and paused momentarily to sit on Sherlock’s nose. The boy gently coaxed the insect onto his hand and studied the butterfly’s beautiful wings. “Just think… Tomorrow night, the lights will appear, Redbeard. I just have to take my chance and ask Father. I’m older now and I’m more mature. I can protect myself.” He couldn’t help but feel a little sad when the butterfly fluttered away, disappearing into the trees. “I’ll ask him… when he comes home.”
“J-Jawn!” Sherlock gasped and reached up to run his hands over John’s hard, rippling muscles.  “You…. you are beautiful!” The omega’s cock was already half-erect, the tip leaking a thin white fluid. “I need you, Jawn… please… I need you. Fill me. Breed me!”
“Oh god! No! Listen, the only thing I want to do with your hair is to get out of it. Literally.” Ace tugged at his hair bonds and glared at the beautiful boy.
“A… a slut,” Sherlock choked the words out, then dissolved into tears. “Master, please! I hurt.. All over. Please don’t hurt me again! I’ll be good! I promise! Please-”
Without looking at the omega, the employee snatched the collar from Sherlock’s hands and rang it up. “The total is 15 pounds, sir,” she said. .
Sherlock blinked slowly, clinging to John with all his might. “I-I,” he stuttered, refusing to meet John’s gaze.
John lifted his head for just a moment, feeling the need to request permission. “Sherlock.. Are you sure? Are you absolutely sure? I don’t want to do anything without you wanting it. This is about you, Sherlock.”
Now, they had settled into a sort of routine at 221b Baker Street. Morning: get up, kiss each other, cuddle, then breakfast, with some more cuddling. Late mornings and early afternoons were usually spent out, taking a walk or a trip on the Tube. Evenings were spent watching old films or the latest news, complete with kissing and whispering of kind words. Sherlock read to John a lot from the many books he’d persuaded the alpha to purchase on their outings. The omega was also very enthralled with John’s old medical textbooks and he spent hours, his nose buried in the musty pages and his eyes wide as he took in new information. John just liked to sit there and watch Sherlock, sometimes teasing him by tickling him and kissing him every now and then. Life was good.
Ace smirked. It had worked. “Likely.. Alright. I can’t believe I’m saying this but…. I’m letting you out of the deal.”
“No… no matter how bad you were, they shouldn’t have done this to you. This is abuse…” Suddenly, John was transported back to his childhood, when he was just a little boy, and his father was beating him with his belt until his back bled profusely. He remembered how hard he’d cried and how guilty his father made him feel, by telling him he was such a bad boy. The abuse had gone on for years and years until one day, John had snapped and ran away.  John rubbed his forehead with his hand. “No one should ever do that to anyone ever again,” he vowed silently and gently ran his hands over the omega’s tortured flesh. “I won’t let this happen to you again.”
“Your phone… the power connection. Scuffs all around it. Plugs it in to recharge but his hands are shaking. Never seen a sober man’s phone with those marks and a drunk man’s without,” Sherlock finished grandly, hopeful eyes searching John’s face for some kind of praise.
“Yeah. Not really into cooking. Sherlock, would you order? I’m going to talk to Sarah about some things to do with the clinic.”
Sherlock stared at the piece of pie as if he had seen a ghost. Hesitantly, he reached out one hand and dipped  a finger in the pie. The next moment, he jumped back with an agonized howl, clutching at his hand. “It bites,” he complained  glumly, a hurt expression on his face.
John looked down at the collar. It was beautiful and not too expensive. Picking it up, he held it against Sherlock’s neck. The smooth black leather went perfectly with the boy’s dark curls and the jewel matched his unusually coloured eyes. “Is this the one you want?” he asked gently and Sherlock nodded eagerly, his expression like that of a begging puppy. Laughing, John handed the collar to Sherlock, who turned it over in his hands like it was the most precious thing he had ever seen. “It suits you, love,” John said and felt  happy when he saw Sherlock light up at the compliment.
Sherlock was in a dream-like haze. He had no idea where he was; only that he was lying on some soft blankets and surrounded by a comforting scent. Oh, yes, John, he thought and breathed in the scent deeply. As the alpha’s sent set off calming chemicals in his brain, Sherlock slowly returned to reality. It is then that he realized he was hot. Extremely hot. He felt like he was frying. And his stomach ached terribly, like something on the inside was trying to claw their way to the outside. A soft, pain-filled whimper escaped his lips and he buried his head into the blankets, desperately searching for some relief.
“Miss Margaret died a year after she bought me. I was supposed to go to her nephew, a kind man, but the will was lost somehow and I was sold to my next owner, Jim Moriaty. Moriaty was a cruel man who considered himself knowledgeable in science. He liked experimenting on me. Cutting me. Burning me. Making me drink certain chemicals and then gauging my reaction. I thought I would die but he always made me throw up the poison. He didn’t fuck me or use me sexually until I turned 16. I spent 5 long years with him, enduring unimaginable torture. He said I was bad and that I deserved it but (*sniff*) I knew I’d done nothing wrong. Jim was evil and he only liked to see my tears and hear me scream.
Sherlock, as he had grown to trust John more, began to wonder if perhaps he and John could have a life together… perhaps they could become bondmates. He had been abused by so many alphas that he was afraid to approach the subject with John. Would John turn into a monster the minute Sherlock gave his consent to sex? No… that was a lie. John had promised he would never hurt him and Sherlock believed him, even if his faith was a little weak.
John’s stomach twisted but he knew they had to face this. “Look… Sherlock… I am so sorry. I should have never yelled at you. God, I am so angry at myself. I promised I wouldn’t hurt you but I did, Sherlock. I hurt you.”
Sherlock stared at the paper. There was a crude sketch of what appeared to be John on the paper. “Wanted: dead or alive,” he whispered and he gripped his pan harder.
Sherlock blinked, taking in this bit of John’s past. “But why would he hurt you?” he questioned, his heart burning with anger against John’s father.
“I’ve never…. I’ve never wanted someone before, Jawn, and no one’s wanted me before either. I just…. I…. You’re different from all the rest, Jawn. I haven’t been around you for very long but…. My mother used to tell me that I had a knack for… for just looking at a person and knowing everything about them-their motives… their dreams… their darkest wishes. Every owner before you I have looked at with disgust and loathing, knowing that they have only wanted me for my beauty and my body. But…” The omega shly cupped John’s cheek in his slender hand, his eyes staring into John’s.
John shrugged. “He had a lot of issues. Drugs. Alcohol. It’s all over now. He’s dead. Drank himself to death.” John tried to sound indifferent but Sherlock detected the sorrow in his tone of voice.
Sherlock woke up to find himself staring into the face of Redbeard. The Irish Setter dog had straddled his master and was happily working at licking Sherlock’s face clean. Sleepily, Sherlock pushed Redbeard away. “What in the world? Redbeard! You’re up early!” Sherlock turned his head towards the windows, where the early morning light was seeping in. Redbeard licked Sherlock’s hand before jumping off the bed and gesturing towards the door with his head. Sherlock sighed and pulled his covers over his face. “I know I know. You’re hungry but I don’t want to get up and do all the chores.”
When Sherlock’s hands finally dropped from his hair, John turned his attention back to the folder while Sherlock munched on another biscuit.
Sherlock, feeling suddenly weak, laid back down, once more pulling the comforter over his body. He buried his nose in the pillow and breathed deeply of John’s scent. Funny how it was so comforting. Usually, alpha scent made Sherlock nervous and tense. But John… John’s scent was heavenly. Sherlock felt every muscle in his body relax and his eyelids drooped, his body screaming for more rest. At the House, he’d barely gotten any sleep. The noise, the people, and the lights had kept him up, even though he had been utterly exhausted.
“Struggling…. Ahem… struggling is pointless,” Sherlock spoke from the shadows, making sure to keep out of sight. “I know why you are here… and I’m not afraid of you.” At his side, Redbeard rose to all fours and growled menacingly. Feeling bold, Sherlock stepped from the shadows, revealing his face. “Who are you and how did you find me?”
There was a knock at the door and Mrs. Hudson whistled when she entered. She was carrying a dish covered with foil and a bag slung over her shoulder. “How are my boys?” she asked fondly, setting the dish down on the table next to Sherlock and the bag at his feet. “I brought you dessert and some things I thought you might find useful, Sherlock.” She patted his shoulder and he leaned into the touch, clearly enjoying her affection. “Soap…. Razors…. An old coat..” She reached into the bag and pulled out a dark gray Belstaff coat and held it up proudly. “It used to belong to my husband but he doesn’t need it anymore. Besides, he was much too fat to fit in it. It will suit your frame better, Sherlock.”
“I know, but please don't.” Sherlock cupped John’s face between his slender hands and kissed him. “Jawn…please… I have to tell you something.” The omega’s voice broke and John was startled to see tears streaming down the boy’s cheeks.
They continued their trudge down the path, Ace keeping a wary eye on Sherlock and his pan. Redbeard ran about maddeningly, sniffing everything and chasing butterflies. Sherlock had to keep calling him back before he wandered off too far. Suddenly, Ace was aware of something growling and he realized that it was Sherlock. He turned around and saw that the boy looked mortified. “You hungry?”
John rubbed his forehead. “Yeah…. The war, you know. Sometimes, it just all comes back.” Suddenly, memories of the war flashed before his eyes and, despite himself, he started to tremble, hearing once again the haunting screams of his dying comrades and the sounds of bullets ricocheting off rocks. He wrapped his arms around his knees, desperately trying to wish the horrible images away. Then, to his dismay, a sob escaped his throat. “I-I’m sorry,” he whispered, noticing Sherlock’s worried expression. “This happens… sometimes…”
John was surprised and also hurt that the boy still thought he was going to hurt him. It takes time, he told himself and reached down, scooping Sherlock up into his arms. The omega’s body felt stiff in his embrace and John’s heart hurt at the sound of Sherlock’s pitiful whimpers. “Hey, love, what are you sorry about? Please, talk to me!” John whispered soothingly.
Mrs. Hudson brought up the promised biscuits and set them down on the table. She had also brought with her a small bag with some toiletries and a soft sweater for the omega. Then, with a smile, she left the two to enjoy their treat. At the smell of the still-warm biscuits, the omega awoke and sat up, rubbing his sleepy eyes with his fists and blinking rapidly at the sudden light. “Feeling refreshed, love?” John asked, affectionately petting the dark curls. The omega looked up, smiling, and nodded.
A few weeks later, John realized that he would have to find a job. Living off a skimpy military pension wouldn’t be enough to support himself and Sherlock. So, he took out his laptop and began searching for possible positions in the medical field. While he typed away, Sherlock was curled up on the opposite sofa, his nose stuck in a thick, ancient book.
The boy lowered the pan and frowned, studying Ace with those intense blue eyes. For a minute, it was just an awkward silence with the two of them staring at each other. Ace was the first to look away. He tried to ignore the heat pooling in his belly. This boy was beautiful, he could not deny it. “Alright then, Ace Watson. I am prepared to offer you a deal,” the boy announced finally, lifting his chin. “Look this way.” Curly (or Sherlock?) yanked on the hair, jerking Ace’s chair around until he was facing a wall. The wall had a beautiful painting of the forested hills and small yellow lights floating up into the dark, starry sky.  “Do you know what these are?”
“Do you have an ideal omega?” the beta woman asked, leading them down a long aisle lined with cages full of young omega females. “Most of our omegas have yet to be….deflowered. We only breed the finest here, as you can tell.”
“No, don’t ever be sorry for crying,” John replied gently, running his fingers through Sherlock’s tangle of curls.
“Come here, darling! It won’t hurt..” The alpha pulled Sherlock’s face towards him, puckering his lips up for a kiss. Sherlock could only stare back at his attacker in terror and shock. Before he knew it, the alpha was plundering his mouth with his tongue, attacking with such brutality that Sherlock cried out in pain. “Oh… God… what a delectable mouth!” the alpha moaned. “I bet you can suck a cock real good.” The alpha’s hands moved down to his jeans and he pulled down the zipper, letting his half-erect cock bob free. “An omega male is a rare treat… Boy, I hit the jackpot today!” His brow furrowed when he saw the black leather collar around Sherlock’s neck. “Probably got a tracker on it,” he muttered, unbuckling it roughly and pulled it from Sherlock’s neck.
But the walls of that tower could not hide everything. Each year, on the prince’s birthday, the King and Queen and Prince Mycroft released thousands of lanterns into the sky. In hope that one day, their lost Prince would return.
John couldn’t help but peck the boy on the cheek. “You don’t have to thank me, love. Sherlock… I like it. It suits you.”
The queen, the beloved wife of the king, was about to have a baby and she got sick. Really, really sick. She was running out of time. And that’s when people usually start looking for a miracle. Or, in this case, a magic silver flower. The king sent out all his soldiers to search the moors for any trace of the silver blossom. It was the only thing that could heal the queen. The soldiers went out, accompanied by the citizens of the kingdom, who were greatly worried for their queen. They scoured the hills and mountains, searching for that magic silver flower.
He stuck one finger into the leaking hole, enjoying the omega’s reaction as Sherlock’s back arched and he gripped at the sheets, legs flailing helplessly. “God…. god, Jawn…” Sherlock said over and over and a wave of intense arousal washed over John. He wrapped one hand around his painfully hard cock, sliding his hand up and down the shaft, and, using his other hand, stuck another finger into the omega’s perfect pink hole.
“They estimated his age to be around sixteen. I thought him older. I suppose years of abuse does make a person age quickly.” He glanced towards Sherlock’s sleeping form, making sure that he was still dozed off, then leaned towards Mrs. Hudson. “He’s had ten pup terminations, Mrs. Hudson. Ten! And he told me that most of them were performed at home by his owners with a…. A coat hanger.” He nearly choked out these last words, so filled with disgust at the callousness of his fellow humans.
Fresh tears flowed down Sherlock’s cheeks. “I-I’m s-sorry, master!” he cried, then immediately realized that he had again spoken without permission. Cringing, he ducked the inevitable blow, but Moran’s fingernails scraped his cheek.
He didn’t realize he’s dozed off until he heardJohn’s voice. “Love, wake up.” Yawning, he opened his eyes and looked up at John. He’ll punish me. I went to sleep without permission! Without thinking, Sherlock flung himself off the bed and at John’s feet, whimpering. “Please, Jawn… I’m sorry! I…”
“He doesn’t want to sleep alone. In fact, I told him he could sleep on the couch but he wanted to sleep with me,” John explained. “He was a bed slave before… sleeping in the bed meant nothing good for him but for some reason… he wanted to be near me. I can’t really explain why.”
Jim’s lips curled with disgust and he took out a cigarette, lit it, and jammed it into his mouth, puffing rapidly. Noticing the wet spot on the floor below Sherlock’s crotch, he strode over and struck Sherlock’s cheek. “Clean this up immediately, bitch! You worthless slut! How dare you? Lick it up with your tongue!”
Sherlock looked down at his uneaten supper then looked back up at John. “I’m not hungry anymore, Jawn. Do I need to eat it all?”
With a tired sigh, John tried to settle the omega in the backseat, but the boy clung to him, burying his nose in John’s shoulder and crying softly. “Come on, love, you’ve got to let go. I’m getting in with you,” John said gently but firmly and finally the long limbs loosened and the omega slid onto the seat, where he scrunched up in a ball. John sat next to him and put his arm around the trembling boy. “It’s alright, love, I’m right here,” he whispered, stroking his fingers through the silky black curls.
