Dean glanced over at the other two, who were still wrapped up in their own little world and looked to see that Sam had left the room for some reason, before he began to pull Crowley aside. "Look, man. Not that I'm not grateful or anything, but I gotta know. What made you guys change your minds about helping us?"
"Okay, okay" Marie laughed " It's not funny. We get it. Now let's calm down. People are going to start showing up any second. Let's go do a once-over and make sure everything is in place."
"Speak for yourself." Cas mumbled back, running his hands over Dean, inspecting him for injuries and healing every minor scratch he came across. His annoyed expression quickly changed to concern when his eyes finally landed on Dean's face. He placed to fingers on the man's forehead and closed his eyes, letting his grace flow between them. "You're exhausted." He said opening his eyes and meeting Dean's.
"Anathema, what the hell?!" Newt called after her as she disappeared to the other room. He slid down from the counter as he heard her rummage through something, returning a few seconds later with a strange glass orb.
“Now, remember,” Rowena lectured, “when you see the other half appear, stand back before you smash that. It's volatile energy and can hurt you if you're too close.”
"No, dude!" Sam argued. "That's just suicidal!" Cas let out a bitter laugh and shook his head. "Okay, fine! But you can still hurt yourself! Despite what you might think right right now, I do care about you. You can't run yourself ragged like this, just because you're pissed at my brother! It's not fair to you, and it's not fair to the other people who actually give a shit about you!" Cas stared at him, his face still cold and unmoved and Jesus Christ, he and Dean deserved each other. Nobody else could put up with this amount of stubborn ignorance! " Okay, whatever! Fine! Do whatever the hell you want. If you really don't think we care about you then, go ahead! Get yourself killed, or whatever's closest." Cas looked down then with a frustrated frown on his face. "Go on man, do you! If you don't care that you're hurting us, then just go. Take the corps with you, and don't let the door hit you on the way out."
"You wanted everything!" Amara cried back, thunder booming over head as she gathered what strength she could. "You are a selfish, spoiled, little brat!" The marble started to crack beneath her feet, splitting a line all the way to Chuck's just before a bolt of lightning struck him. Chuck staggered back.
"I'm surprised he knows the meaning of family, given you were the one who taught him." John said solemnly. Dean turned to argue with his father, but stopped short when he saw the sad look on John's face. "God knows I did a pretty crappy job of teaching you."
Rowena offered a sly smile, as she plucked another book from the pile next to her and began to read. “Oh, I imagine Dean was quite inconsolable during the angel's absence, at least by Winchester standards. That doesn't surprise me one bit.” She paused and gave Sam a slightly mischievous look. “What surprises me, is that you still appear to be in the dark as to why he took it so hard. It's probably something close as to why Castiel just stormed out of here at the mention of your brother's name. Twice.”
The men reunite with the girls and watch a video about their lives. Dean admits some of his feeling s for the angel.
She let of a small laugh as she made her way to the door. "You know me. You know the things I've done. I don't think I'm really in the position to be judging anybody."
Dean had made it to the other side of the war table. Cas had a very smitey look in his eyes and Dean was pretty sure that he wasn't talking about what happened in the kitchen anymore. "Cas....what are you..."
"No!" Cas growled. He was in front of Dean in a matter of seconds, causing the man to freeze. "No! You listen to me Dean Winchester!" His words were booming through the room, echoing off the walls. "I know you." He lowered his voice. "I knew you in hell as I fought to pull your battered soul from the pits. I'm the one who put you back together. Piece. By. Piece. I know you, heart, mind, body and soul. I Have walked by your side on this earth for years. I spent a year with you in purgatory, watching you battle every creature imaginable, except your own demons. I know you better than I even know myself. You can't lie to me. You can lie to Jack, probably your mother, and maybe even Sam, but you can't lie to me."
"Yeah." Sam scoffed. " I shot him, with a gun he made, I missed, and he did this. Even if we did manage to find another way to take him out, we could still mess up, and we lose. Or we don't mess up, kill him, and the universe crashes in on itself, and we lose. Or we keep fighting the good fight until something takes us out, or he tracks us down because he's bored and takes us out himself, and we lose! So, yeah, sorry if I'm feeling a little hopeless right now, when there is literally no hope!"
“Oh, Crowley!” Aziraphale sighed, pulling the demon's arms down. “That's enough. The man has every right to be cautious.”
"And on that super depressing note," Gabe said "I think it's time me and Hot Pants head out. We can settle the rest later, this place is kinda killing my high. So, I'll just take the kid and...."
Dean pulled back his hand, a little more than hurt. He and Claire had always had a close-ish relationship, more so after the last month, and it had always been slightly teasing, but never downright hateful. "Sorry." He said again as he watched her stand up. Maybe she was just irritated at the kids again. At least he hoped that's all it was. "Um, do you maybe know where Cas is? I heard he was back and I kinda have a few things I need to say to him."
But Dean ignored him. Sam had just opened up a can of worms and Dean would be damned if he wasn't about to throw them in the giant's face. "You can just shove that idea right up your ass! I hope you choke on it, cuz it ain't happening."
“Meaning, that if we are to get Dean back into this world, there will be no one to pray to if something happens to that car.” Rowena smirked.
Eleven years. It was just a blip in time for an angel, no longer than a few seconds really, but they had been the most important eleven years of Castiel's life. Eleven years he spent doing everything he could to keep Dean Winchester safe. Eleven years he wasted trying to make the righteous man realize his worth. He had thrown away his home, all of his beliefs. He had killed his own brothers and sisters, sacrificed his own life. Eleven years proving, that he was never good enough.
“But you have healing powers, too.” Adam insisted. “Couldn't you have healed them sooner? That's what I would've done. It seems like your wings would've been more useful sooner.”
“ Whoa there, bird man.” She said holding up her hands. “ I'm still not fully recovered from the last time you decided to scoop me up and drop me somewhere.”
He wanted so badly to say it back. To tell Dean that he loved him, that he always had and always would. He saw it in Dean's eyes. He meant it. Not as a friend, not as family, not a s a weapon or a tool. Castiel was loved. For the first time, since the dawn of time, he was truly loved. And it was the most painful thing he had ever experienced.
"Just finishing up a few minor details, Marie. Gotta make sure everything is perf....Oh, my God!" Maeve looked up at Dean like she was seeing a ghost, which technically, he guessed...." Oh. My. GOD! You weren't lying! They really are here!" Maeve instantly dropped what she was doing and ran over to Dean leaping into his arms. Her short black bangs had grown into long, loose curls framing her face, the rest tied up into a pony tail and Dean was sure she had grown at least a foot. Dean was really surprised to see how much both of them had grown and matured in the last four years.
"Oh, I'm getting my snacks!" Dean assured. "And I'm not sharing any of them with you!" before the angel could say anything about not needing food to sustain him, he threw the Impala into drive and flipped Cas the bird in the rearview mirror. "Shut up!"
“Tell us more about Castiel.” Aziraphale said, trying to prevent the two of them from getting into a full-blown argument. “I’m rather curious to know how angels might differ in your universe.”
Sam pulled back and stared  at his brother, a million questions racing through his mind, but only stuck out more than the others. "What about you?"
"Really." Cas smiled wickedly before pulling the demon in close, mouth against his ear. "Besides, I think we both know if that weren't the case, I would make your death completely agonizing. And slow."
"A soul!" The man said angrily stopping in front of Chuck once more. "A rather restless one at that! We had a deal, Chuck. I would leave you alone to do whatever you so choose with the universe as long as you kept your silly science experiments far away from me. I tolerated playing host to your little angels, I even accepted your son's creations. At least when they die, they have the decency to sleep. But souls? Nasty things won't shut up!"
Cas's heart broke for her as he watched a single year slip down her face. "Claire.... that's not..."
"Why not?" Dean demanded. Sam opened his mouth to reply, only to close it again and wipe a tear from his eye. "What's there to be scared of, Sam?"
" Ah....yes..." Cas set the bag down on the small table and grabbed his suit and trenchcoat off of the couch, setting them aside as he began to unbutton his shirt.
Cas glared after the demon as he sauntered up to the door with confidence, pulling at his hair and checking his breath before knocking on the door.
It was all he could do not not reach over and lace his finger through the angel's. Every time their thighs would touch he felt his heart skip a beat. He wanted nothing more than to lean over and rest his head on Cas's shoulder so he could nuzzle into the guy's neck. After a while he started to realize that maybe it was a little more than sexual attraction he had felt towards his friend. He had spent so much time mulling that over in his head, he hadn't even notice the credits rolling across the screen.
“ No, Cas. I wanna know! At least give me some sort of timeline here, so I'm not just lying in wait, worrying over when I'm gonna lose you again.” Dean's anger was starting to melt away, being replaced with heart wrenching misery.
“Well, what did you expect me to do?!” Aziraphale snapped back. “There was an injured person lying in the middle of my floor. I couldn't just leave him there! I'm....” He paused and glanced quickly back over at Dean, then bowed his head. “It's my responsibility to help people that are in distress. Besides, he could've filed a lawsuit, and that is the last thing that either of us need.”
Castiel straightened back up and looked her dead in the eyes. “I assure you. The implications of what would happen if someone were to harm the Impala are much more severe than his animosity towards me regarding his mother's death.”
Cas shook his head. “ As long as Jack is in danger...as long as you are in danger... I will never know true happiness as long as the lives of the people I love are at risk.” The room was silent. Dean stared intently in the angel's eyes, seeing that ever word he had said was true.
The best part, though, was getting to catch up with all the girls. They learned that Maggie had moved to Rome to study theology. Both Maeve and Marie had gone into Mass communication/media studies over at MSU. Siobhan had gone into psychology while Kristen was busy running the local dinner theater with her parents. They all kept in contact with with each other, even though they had all moved on with their lives. Marie told the men that after the play they had all agreed to stay close friends and keep a look out for each other. An event like that tends to bond people.
"I am." Jack nodded. " It's what's best for everyone. And it's not like it's goodbye, it's just...."
"I said I get it, Cas." He picked his own beer up and looked out over the hills. "You did a good job. You fixed Heaven. Good for you. You even got beer up here." He took a sip and shook his head. "Oh, wow." He chuckled. "Tastes like the first drink I ever shared with my dad." He looked at Cas out of the corner of his eye to see the Angel perk up slightly.
Dean laughed and slung his arm around Crowley's shoulders. "Nah, Cas is great. He just takes some warming up to is all."
Dean walked towards the rest of the group where Cas and Aziraphale were awkwardly standing in front of each other, sizing one another up and Rowena was inching a little too close to Crowley. "So, what's up guys?" He asked looking between the four. The two angels straightened up immediately turning to face Dean while the witch finally landed beside her target, placing her hand over the demon’s forearm.
“I try.” She said hugging him back. “Besides, someone has got to take care of you. I'm glad it's him. An angel is kind of a handy tool to have in your back pocket.” Dean couldn't hold back the chuckle at his Mary's unintentional innuendo. “ Oh, grow up!” she laughed stepping back and swatting him on the shoulder.
"Finally!" Sam said, as he shoved past Dean on his way to the shower. "And you say I take forever!" Sam closed the door behind him leaving Dean and Cas to engage in a staring match.
Dean took a steadying breath. He was grateful neither of the had mentioned the elephant in the room...yet...but he was still being cautious. " What are you even going to change into? A different tie? Super incognito there, pal."
Sam let out a long breath, pushing back his hair as he thought. The outside world was already crumbling around them, the last thing they needed was to bring something dangerous inside their home. “I guess we can try the dungeon. If anything comes through we aren't sure about, we could lock it up in there until we can figure it out.” The other three nodded their agreement, and they all set to work gathering everything up to bring down there. He was starting to wonder if maybe they were doing the wrong thing, tempting fate like this. Nothing good ever came from them refusing to leave well enough alone.
"What about him?" Sam asked, hoping like hell that she wasn't talking about the angel brainwashing his brother or something.
It was Dean's turn to be in shock. He tried his best to stutter out an explanation.” Uh... that's...not really...the thing is...we haven't...”
Jack looked at Dean with smile, then scrunched his nose and winced. " You smell like alcohol, Dean. You should probably go to bed."
The past couple of days had been eventful, to say the least. The hunters that came in were a little more worse for wear than Kaia had let on. It took everybody with some sort of medical experience, most of the day to get everyone healed up and settled. After that, it was dealing with the kids. Three of them had lost their parents and we're in absolute hysterics (understandably of course) which Claire had to deal with on her own. It wouldn't have been so bad, (Claire was an expert on losing her parents to the supernatural after all, so she was able to relate) but she was already in a sour mood. She was torn on being upset over seeing Kaia injured, (having forgotten, temporarily, that it wasn't her Kaia) pissed that she had to deal with kids, livid with Alex for helping Kaia after what she had done and just all around upset about the people that they had lost. She had spent a good part of the following day brooding about and biting off the heads of anyone who came near her.
Cas tried to argue again before Billie cut him off. "The kid's right." She said. " We're all going to have to fight this war together, the more souls we save, the better. We need someone who knows how much the humans can take before we need to step in."
"It is indeed." Aziraphale agreed with a tiny smirk. He tucked the box of medical supplies into the bottom drawer of the wardrobe where he found it and turned to leave before Dean cleared his throat.
Dean sat back and crossed his arms over his chest. "Yeah. Whatever." He grunted. "What time is it anyway. Don't we have some sort of stupid party to go be miserable at?"
"I swear." Chuck insisted, hands up in surrender. "Looks like the power was inside you the whole time, Dorothy."
"Go." Rowena said when he looked at her. "I'll take care of the others. I can cast a protection spell and get us somewhere safe. Go, save your idiot brother before he gets himself killed, again."
“Satan help me.” Crowley sighed. “No! For the love of... it's two weeks’ time!” He swerved past a milk truck, narrowly missing an old woman crossing the street.
"Hmm." Cas hummed in reply, whether it was conformation, or a sound of contentment Dean could care less, as Cas rested his weary head on Dean's shoulder.
"It isn't your fault, Dean." Sam said sympathetically, tears welling up in his own eyes for the loss of their friend.
Crowley sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Oh, this is just going swimmingly, isn't it?” He said sarcastically.
Sam stood in front of the closed door. There wasn't anything he could think of to say that would help the situation. He opened and closed his mouth a dozen times, trying to get something out, but nothing came. He finally gave up and made his way down the hall to his own room. He shut the door behind him and began getting ready for bed in a mechanical manner. Everything was a blur. He couldn't believe he had been so blind. He laid down on his bed, hoping that he could sleep off the headache brought on by everything that just occurred.
Cas was silent for a long time. Dean could feel him fidgeting beside him, which only increased his worry, but he kept quiet. Finally, Cas drew in a deep breath and spoke. “ Jack's resurrection was not entirely as simple as I may have let you believe.” and there it was. Truth be told, Dean had kinda been waiting for the other shoe to drop on that one for a while. Nothing is ever that cut and dry. Not for them anyway. He waited in silence for the angel to continue. “When I went to Heaven to retrieve Jack's soul, the cosmic entity in charge of the Empty was there. It was... furious. It believed that, due to his angelic half, his soul belonged in the Empty. It wreaked havoc throughout Heaven to find him. It was determined to collect Jack's soul. I.... I couldn't let that happen, Dean.” His voice had become strained.
Aziraphale looked between the two of them absolutely stunned. “You can't be serious right now.” Crowley and Dean just shrugged in response. Aziraphale pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a long, exasperated sigh. “Moët&Chandon. It's a champagne. Honestly.”
He winked over at Dean, causing the man to shake his head and stand up. "C'mon man, let's get you locked in for the night." He grumbled.
"What makes you so sure that the guy won't turn on you the second he gets the chance?" Sam challenged.
"Claire...we need to talk about..." He began again, watching her search through the small compartment, before pausing. "Wait. My what?"
"Dean, I really don't think now is the best time to worry about something like this." Sam said with his best bitch face. "We kinda have a lot  our plates  right now and I don't think getting Cas laid should be our top priority."
The 'home theater' looked like a full blown movie theater if you asked Dean. Complete with recliner seats, cup holders and a massive screen. He didn't think he'd ever be able to understand why rich people spent money they way they did on things like this.
"Yeah, got that!" Dean snapped back, stepping closer as well. "It's like you have no fucking self-preservation."
A dark look passed across the angel's face for half a second before he licked his lips and sat up. He crossed his legs, placed his hands him his lap, then turned to Dean and smiled. "I am satisfied, yes. Thank you."
John nodded. "Said you were the main reason he and that kid…the new God…made it so everyone can be together. Said you were the one that taught him about family. That it only seemed right that everyone was happy together."
Both sounds stopped immediately as Dean pulled his head back to look at her "…. My brother?!" Dean snarled. She nodded her head to where Sam stood frozen. Dean's head whipped around, anger flashing over his features as his eyes locked onto Sam. "GOD DAMNIT!" Dean growled, shooting up to his feet and shoving his dick back into his pants as he marched over and grabbed Sam by the shoulder, practically throwing him out the door. "GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE SAMMY!" He yelled, slamming the door in Sam's face.
Dean and Sam shared a reluctant look. Sam nodded his head toward the angel and Dean looked down at his feet, scratching the back of his head. " Awe, christ Cas. You're not really gonna make us re-live that crapfest, are you?"
Crowley's smile slipped as he reached across the counter to grab the plate. " Well if you didn't like it, you could've said something before you finished. I would've found something more suitable for you."
"Inactive?!" Dean was shocked at the angel's, almost, caviler tone as he took in the utter destruction around them. " Are you not seeing thi...." He looked around again noticing that the land beyond them seemed completely untouched. The chaos was only a few hundred feet around, almost like someone had planted a burning building on top of the forest. It looked insanely familiar. " Did...did you go full angel for me buddy?" Dean asked Cas through the rear-view mirror.
'Expect the unexpected' they say. Clearly an impossible task. If you expect the unexpected, then the unexpected, clearly becomes expected. It's the most contradictory phrase that has ever been uttered, really.
Dean gently place Cas's unconscious head back on the ground and Rose to his feet. "He's going to destroy everything." He said taking a tentative step in her direction. "All of it."
"I never claimed I was 'mysterious'." Dean mumbled. "I'm about as open of a book as it gets. Jesus, can't a guy just be concerned for his friend’s wellbeing? The guys just got blasted by God's sister. Someone's gotta make sure he doesn't keel over."
The jury is no longer out on smut. It will be happening. I apologise if that upsets some people but honestly it was part of my plan in the first place.
"Yes, well I'd rather be dead at home than trapped forever with the rest of those hopeless souls trying to contain the wrath of the Almighty. Now let's go!" Crowley huffed.
"Oh, Crowley, really." Aziraphale scolded, pulling the demon away before sticking his head own head through. "Mr. Pulsifer! Good morning, no need to be frightened, it's just that this is a tight squeeze and…oh, there she is! Alright." Aziraphale straightened up and back away. Moments later the rest of the rift appeared. "Very well then." He said grabbing the demon’s hand. "Until the next time, dear fellows." He smiled. The two of them stepped through the rift and Sam stepped behind them. He recited the spell, just as Rowena had taught him and captured half of the rift in switches orb as the other half began to disappear. The three of them stood in silence for a while staring at the orb, wondering about the next time they would use it, if ever.
She was right. He hadn't heard anything from King Douche in....since before they left for Flint. “Yeah,” Dean chuckled, scratching the back of his head “ yeah, I guess it has been a while hasn't it? My mind's kinda been other places lately.”
"Right." Newt replied, moving his hand up and down well after the angel had let go, as he watched the two of them make their way towards the car that had appeared out of thin air, much like a lot of things had so far that morning.
"Heya, Sammy." Dean grinned, as he felt his brother approach. He turned around to see Sam, looking just the way he remembered.
Well fuck. So much for the plan. It was now or never he guessed. "Cas, I'm sorry!" He yelled. It wasn't as eloquent as he imagined, but at least it got him to stop. "I'm... I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I'm so, so fucking sorry. For everything!"
“Why not?” Crowley smirked back. Dean chuckled and shrugged in response. “Now, if you're quite done with your investigation, Aziraphale called. He told me he has a few questions for you, himself.” Crowley snapped and Dean's plate and mug disappeared. He stood up and straightened himself out. “Shall we?” He asked, flourishing his hand out towards the door.
“Funny,” Adam shrugged. “Your head looks perfectly normal to me. Maybe it's just different where you're from.”
Hearing the panicked cries in the distance of a man who wanted to save the one he loved, knowing there was nothing that could be done. They would all die. There was nothing anyone could do to save any of them.
"Yes, I believe that is an accurate summary of how I was earlier described." Cas said, tossing a headless body to the floor.
"Alright, that's enough you two." Sam interjected. "Mom, why don't you just pick before we all become witnesses to an act of domestic violence."
“Stand back.” She said, holding the ball over her head. “Everyone took a few steps back as Rowena threw the ball down on the ground under the remaining piece of the rift.
“Night Cas.” Dean leaned against the door after Cas had shut it and took a deep breath. His mind was reeling from everything that had just happened. As he made his way down the hall, he attempted to process everything in his head.
By the time it came to Castiel's entrance, all three of them were completely enthralled by the story. It was one thing to live it, it was completely different watching it. Especially set to such intense music. Sam was the most interested at that particular part, considering he was the only one in the room who wasn't actually present at the time. Every scene involving the two of them afterwards, however, made Dean start to realize why people assumed they were together. He couldn't deny, after hearing his own words to the guy repeated back to him, that their conversations did come off as slightly flirtatious. They knew it was ironically, of course, but he could see where an outside party may get it confused to the point of placing them together. He made a mental note to tone it down for his own sake, before remembering that it almost didn't really matter since Chuck was done writing about them. It did make him uncomfortable though, watching how much the two of them fought, verbally and physically. He silently wondered if they still behaved that way.
It was a movie night, when Cas had told him about Naomi. They were watching A Clockwork Orange and it had gotten to the part where they had the guy's eyes pried open, forcing him to watch all that crap and Cas had just started panicking. He was on the floor clutching his head screaming in a mixture of enochian and English. Dean didn't understand most of what was saying as he clutched onto the angel's shoulders and tried to coax him out of it, but he heard her name, and that was enough. It took Dean forever to calm him down, even longer for Cas to tell him what happened. When he did though, he told Dean everything. What she had done to him to erase his memories every time he screwed up, everything he didn't tell them about the time they were hunting the tablets, right down to Naomi making him kill Dean over and over again until he got it right. And now she was back, sitting on her throne, waiting for the day she could scramble his brains for good. They had spent the rest of the night watching chick flicks, just to make sure nothing would trigger him again.
Cas whipped around and was instantly in Sam's face, standing several inches below him and somehow making him feel about two feet tall as his glowing eyes burrowed deep into the hunter's soul "Why the hell did you two come back?!" He bellowed, a hint of his angelic voice leaking through. Sam felt himself backing away as Cas began moving forward. "You could have ruined everything! I sent you away to be safe! If you would have stayed you would have been obliterated! The fact that any of us made it out alive is a God damned miracle. But you? You're human! You would have been destroyed and there is nothing I could have done! Nothing! The world would be fine without me! But you? Dean?! It would have been nothing! Do you realize how selfish it was?! You two are all I have! What would I have done?!" Sam tripped backwards over a branch, breathing hard in fear of being destroyed by and angel throwing a temper tantrum, but Cas stopped. His eyes stopped glowing revealing blood shot and red rimmed orbs of blue as a sob escaped him and he dropped back down to his knees in front of Sam, burying his face in his hands. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was so scared. I searched for so long...he was so broken when I found him and I couldn't do anything, I couldn't....."
"Yeah right!" She scoffed, attempting to slam the little door shut again. Crowley waved his hand and the door snapped off, bursting into flames, leaving a hole where it used to be. The demon's eyes went wide as she stared back up at him.
Dean swallowed and shook his head. "And what if something happens to us, huh? What then? We can't leave Sam to do this by himself."
"We taught ourselves how to survive." Crowley hissed, striking Chuck across the head, with little to no affect, but he kept going. "We taught ourselves how to live, how to love, all you did was provide the outline, we made the story our own!"
The rest of the evening turned out to be one of the best nights they had experienced in a long time. The food was all Supernatural themed, which was a little weird, but damn if it wasn't delicious. Sam spent most of the night being fan girled over which, though he would never admit it, he loved. Cas and Dean spent a lot of time explaining that they weren't actually a couple, then, when no one was looking, Cas would show off some of his Angel powers to the girls from the play. They briefly met a few other friends and family members, coming up with various identities for each one, causing a lot of gossip amongst the unknowing patrons.
I hope you enjoyed my decent into madness as i attempted, not only my first crossover ever, but also my first fan fiction over 100,000 words. thank you all for being so wonderful and i hope everyone is staying strong.
"Typical." Meg scoffed. "I don't know why you thought he would help you, Clarence. The only thing Crowley cares about is himself."
Rowena's too? Had she gone after him as well? Did she die because of him too? Or had she found him in the wreckage and pulled him to safety?
“That's the spirit.” She grinned. “Let's go ask the witch.” She made her way towards the door and. Cas followed behind, then stopped at the entrance. He turned around, going back to the desk and popped the tape out of his stereo. He placed it back in its case after running his thumb over the words across the top, then dropped it in the inner pocket of his coat, giving it a pat, and left the room to go find Rowena. They would get dean back, even if it killed him.
Aziraphale just waved him off as he faced the hunter. “I'm terribly sorry, Dean, but it looks like you're going to be stuck here for another day, at least. Adam won't be home until tomorrow.”
Gay chicken turns out to be a bust, when it causes Cas to confront Dean about his intentions with Micheal.
Dean slammed the door behind him, thankful that he had parked baby out front for once. He didn't think he could survive the walk to the garage.
“You're sure you wouldn't have preferred me in a female vessel?” He burrowed further against Dean's chest.
"Why?" Cas asked bitterly, placing himself back in Dean's space. "Because you love me?" Venom dripped off each word, causing pain to shoot through Dean's chest.
"I doubt that." Crowley laughed. " I think he was more concerned about how my death would affect Dean. I doubt he would've stepped in had you not told him about the effects of holy water on the demons from our world. I feel like he may have enjoyed watching me writhe in pain, if it weren't for the sake of Dean's concern."
"I mean I had my suspicions over the past few days, " Crowley interrupted, "but I was mostly pulling your leg at that point. It wasn't until I actually saw you two together... I mean for Lucifer's sake Dean, I'm surprised you didn't bowl him over running into his arms like that. It was like a bloody romance novel. And the staring...ugh!"
"Eh." She shrugged. "I'll take what I can get. She's been intolerable since yesterday. As long as she's safe, and out of the way I think you’re doing everyone her a favor. Yesterday just made her worse and I don't think the others can take much more of it."
"Meg!" Cas chided. "There are more important things to discuss right now and I'd appreciate if you would refrain from such subjects in front of Jack."
"We've been doing alright on our own." Crowley offered. "As long as nobody comes to destroy us, I think we can manage. Nobody has to know that the almighty has gone missing. It's not like he's been present for the past few centuries anyway. No one will notice."
"Sorry!" Dean said defensively, rubbing the spot she hit. " We got a little tied up." Right on cue he heard a throat clear from behind him and saw the other three standing awkwardly by the door.
Because Dean always swore it was their fault. That everything was. They both did. It was the Winchester way.
"No problem at all." Aziraphale beamed. "Your library is quite extraordinary. I'm looking forward to exploring all the information it has to offer. Though I am rather curious as to why a good majority of them smell like petrol."
Sam and Cas looked at each other with absolute fear in their eyes. They were both silent for a while, until Sam let out a long breath, pushed back his hair and started shuffling away. “I... I think Dean may have some pictures and stuff from when we were kids in his room.” Sam said as he backed into the hallway.
"I have known him for a long time." Aziraphale stated in a calm voice that seemed a little forced. "Since Eden actually. I was the angel guarding the Eastern Gate, and he was the serpent who got Adam and Eve kicked out."
"What? That Castiel is completely, desperately and madly in love with your brother?" He said in a nasally, mocking tone. " I hadn't the slightest."
“'fraid not, kid.” Dean shook his head. “Things are super dangerous there and I wouldn't want you to get hurt. I'll try my best to make it back here when it's all over.” He lied. He turned to Anathema then and smiled. “Be proud of making your own choices. I wish I had the same option. Being your own person is way better than having some silly old book full of the future.” She gave him a warm smile in return. “And keep an eye on the kid. He's gonna do great things when he grows up.”
He was getting too old for this shit. That much was certain. It wasn't something Dean liked admitting, even to himself, but with the creaking in his joints as he swung his blade through the neck of the final vamp left standing, it was hard to deny. He wiped the fresh blood from his face and glanced up to see the rest of the group take on the last couple of monsters and slumped against Baby's door. To be fair, the trip shouldn't be taking as long as it was. Donna's cabin was only a half-day's trip from the bunker, and here they were, barely three hours outside Kenesaw, with the sun already setting behind them. He was exhausted. They had been fighting their way through every vamp, werewolf, zombie and whatever the fuck those green things were, for most of the day now, and it was all he could do to keep his head upright. The plan was simple: stay in the car, rundown anything that gets in the way. It was easy enough through the city. Most everything there was too busy hunting down their next victim to be concerned about the lone car traveling along the abandoned road. When they got closer to the country though, closer to the graveyards, to the unpopulated areas, all hell broke loose. There was no way they were getting through the chaos without taking matters into their own hands. They tried their best to clear the road as quick as possible, jumping back in the car when it was clear enough to drive, but they could only make it a few miles at a time before they were swarmed again.
Dean chuckled and grabbed his plate, taking his place next to Cas. He began eating with the other's in silence, stealing glances around the table at their happy faces as they ate. “ Shoot,” He said as he looked down at the table. “ Forgot my coffee.” He started to get up but was stopped when Cas placed his hand on his shoulder.
Sam turned to Cas, who seemed to find his favorite crack again and resumed picking at it. " Do you like her, Cas? Do you think she's, I don't  know, pretty or whatever ?" Sam tried to make his tone gentle to hide his concern  that they were pressuring  him into something he didn't want to do.
It happened in slow motion for Dean, like one of those nightmares where you're trying to run away but it feels like you're caught in quicksand. It didn't register right away, what was happening. As soon as he pressed play, the world slowed almost to a halt as a familiar voice flooded through his speakers.
I had something important to add to my notes....I KNOW I did....but for the life of me, I cannot remember what it was. Oh, well...I'll add it later...
"Yeah well it was the best way I could think of to keep her safe, while still letting her be useful." Sam sighed turning to face his brother.
"What's that supposed to mean?" It came out a little harsher than Dean had intended. He didn't want to snap at his mom, but he really wasn't in the mood to deal with his brother's bullshit.
"Dean. Dean!" Aziraphale grabbed Dean by his face, pulling his attention to him. " Dean, I need you to focus! Go get Rowena. Tell her I need her assistance. Be quick about it, alright?"
"My brother is powerful, yes." Amara said, pulling their attention to her. "But he is also wrathful. I have learned from experience, that it is easy to make mistakes when filled with an excess of emotion."
Later that night, after the waitresses had left (almost immediately after Dean had thrown him out) and they had both calmed down, Dean apologized to Sam, both for what he saw and for the way he acted. They both agreed on a system for when they needed private time so neither one of them would have to go through that again. It was a system that Dean managed to fail for many years to come. Sam would go on to walk in on countless encounters, well into their adulthood, each one worse than the last, for multiple reasons. It was bad enough to have to witness his brother defile women (and himself) time and time again, but it was worse seeing the effect it had on Dean. It wasn't until after Sam met Cassie when he realized what that effect really was. Loneliness. Dean was lonely. He wanted love and affection in a way that Sam or his Dad could never give to him. The kind he had with Cassie, but he could never gain back because what that relationship had done to his ability to communicate. He had tried to be honest, to open up, and it bit him in the ass, so he never tried again.
“We care about you Cas.” Sam insisted. “You’re more than just a tool to us. You're family. I know we're shitty about showing it sometimes, but you gotta know by now that we do care. You mean a lot to us, man.” He swallowed hard trying his best to choose his words carefully, so not to set the guy off again. “You mean a lot to Dean.”
The room quieted the as the demon who was standing narrowed her eyes. "We're evil. Not suicidal." She said sharply. "Who the hell are you, anyway? Another one of the Winchester's pets?"
Adam nodded and gave him a small smile. “You should've hidden your powers better. I understand though. The sad man and your brother probably miss you very much. I wouldn't want to be selfish.”
"No!" Chuck said again. Dean watched carefully as indecision and panic filled his expression, barely visible beneath the wrath, but it was there. He was calculating. "I'll kill Sam instead." He said, raising his hand towards Sam, but keeping his eyes on Dean, watching, waiting for a reaction. And that was it. There it was. The last miniscule shred of hope.
"No. I mean yes! I mean...really, my dear, I'm fine." Aziraphale assured. He twirled the line nervously, around his finger as he stared back at the flannel covered intruder, dozing on the floor "It's just that...well...he says that the world is ending."
"Okay! Damn!" Dean said wriggling out of Sam's grasp. "Sorry, I just know how you operate when you're worried. I didn't want to be stuck on the side lines just cuz you think you can keep me safe."
“No, you don't.” Crowley smirked sauntering behind him. Dean stuffed his hands in his pockets and ducked his head to hide his chuckle as he shuffled along behind them.
"And you're sure he's not just biding his time? Waiting until we're not expecting it so he can burst out and gank us all."
Dean smiled back down at Adam and clapped him on the shoulders. “Sure, you were, kid. But I told you my world is dangerous. You really shouldn't be here.”
Sam nodded his understanding biting his lip. It was sad how obvious it was to everyone except Dean. "I think he always has been. I'm pretty sure he's not concerned about you taking him ...as a lover...or whatever. They don't have that kind of relationship. Cas has always just been content being near him. It's actually kinda depressing. Especially now, with his deal and all."
Dean stopped and took a deep breath. He leaned down to say something in Rowena's ear, jerking his head down the hall. She nodded and took off before Dean swiveled to meet Sam's eyes. "He was losing it, Sammy. Didn't you hear him? He was pissed because we kept making our own decisions. As long as I agreed to what he said, he was gonna do the exact opposite. He wants a fight. He doesn't want us to go out on our own terms. He's desperate. He only said he would kill you to get a rise out of me. I knew if I just went along with it, you were safe. It was the last act of a desperate man. You know I wouldn't have given you up so easily."
"You watch your damn mouth!" Dean gritted out, pushing them back further, still. "You don't get to talk about him that way. Cas may be a lot of things, but he sure as hell ain't  pathetic!"
Clearly Castiel had lost it. Sam hadn't seen the guy this delusional since he thought he was God. He was dangerous then, and he was dangerous now. Sam reached underneath the table to grab the angel blade strapped underneath, in case of emergencies. He had seen what happens when angels go AWOL and, yeah Cas was his friend and it would hurt like hell to have to kill him, and yeah, he was gonna die anyway, but he'd be damned if he was going down without some sort of fight. “Cas,” he said, trying to keep his voice calm. He glanced back at Rowena, who knew what he was doing and gave him a nod in return. “You're not making any sense, man.”
"Rowena." The witch said gently pushing herself away and dusting herself off. "McLeod. A pleasure." She sneered.
Kaia continues to stroll around the room, picking up things and examining them before putting them back down. “Yeah, the big guy out there said you were pretty broken up about what happened with Tall, Dark, and Angry.” She ran her hand over lightly the stereo and glanced up at Cas. “Wanna talk about it?”
"Dean," Cas sighed rolling his eyes. "we are on the bottom floor of an underground bunker, in the middle nowhere, Kansas. Whatever you have to say to me can be said out loud. No one is going to hear you."
Sam chuckled as he stuffed a chip in his mouth. “You know Dean,” he said after he swallowed. “If you wanna pick up on our waitress, you might not wanna flirt with your boyfriend right in front of her.”
"Ha ha, very funny." Dean replied. " There's a bag of jerky up under the seat on the passenger’s side."
So, yeah. For a good few hours after Crowley and Aziraphale left him alone, Dean went into a spiral. A panicky, nauseating spiral, because now, not only were the actual words out there, but they were said to at least one person who wouldn't know the meaning of discretion if it slapped him in the face. Crowley had been relentless when he assumed Dean just had a mild attraction to his best friend. Now that he knew that Dean...fuck what did he just do?! This. This is exactly why hunters weren't supposed to feel things. Weakness isn't a good trait for anybody to have...but for a hunter... Chuck strike him down, now! It was a terrible few hours of freaking out over every single scenario that would come to pass, from endless teasing to Cas leaving and....and then it wasn't. After the first few hours he was just....numb. Because, Cas was already gone. He did that. Just like he always did. He drove Cas away again, with his big stupid mouth. It shouldn't upset him like this. Cas always came back. But this time was different. The last few times had been different actually. Cas had started to fight back. They had always had kinda heated arguments, but, for the most part, Cas usually backed off and gave Dean space or agreed with him later. But ever since this whole bullshit with Jack had started...he had been fighting back, or worse, just walking away.
"So how do you know you can trust him?" Despite what Aziraphale had said, Crowley was still a demon, and Sam had his doubts. "What, so he helped you out a couple times and now he's suddenly not a bad guy? He's still a demon, Dean!"
"And you thought getting this thing built was more important than coming up with a fucking plan on how to get the jackass in there?" Dean barked, holding onto a door frame.
For the first time since the hallway, Crowley met Aziraphale’s eyes. They were filled with fear, regret, anger, sadness and tears. "We messed with his plans, Aziraphale. He knows our faces, he knows our weaknesses. He knows torture. It was the Lord who created Hell, we just ran it. 'For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but sent them to hell, putting them in chains of darkness to be held for judgment....' I can tell you, from firsthand experience that the Almighty does not take kindly to those who disobey him."
He saw it as a small mercy that they were the only ones in the bunker at the time. The hunters from the other world, that hadn't already found a place of their own, were all out on various cases. At least the universe had granted him that ( he knew Chuck had nothing to do with it.)
The guy just rolled his eyes and fed the tickets into the counter. He used a hook to pull down the guitar and handed it to Jack. " You still got 50 tickets left."
“ Oh I'm great, now.” Dean smiled. “Why don't you bring us a round of your finest cervazas, and a Coke for the kid.” He paused, looking her up and down then looked over at Cas, and back to her. “ On second thought, why don't you get me and this handsome devil right here a couple of those margaritas.” He said, nodding in Cas's direction.
"You sure you can't stay, Marie?" Sam chuckled. "You've certainly made the last five minutes more interesting than this whole trip."
“ Hey!” Dean said it mock offense. Cas just shrugged. “Okay. You're right. I'm sorry. And I do, love you, I mean. I think I always have. I don't know. It's weird. Ever since you burst into that barn... I always feel better when you're by my side, ya know? Complete.  And that's where I want you Cas, right here. Right with me. For the rest of my life, however long that is.” Then Cas sat up. 'Shit' Dean thought to himself. 'Shit shit shit. Why'd I say that?'  “Listen, man, I'm sorry I didn't mean to...”
"Don't think this gets you off the hook." Dean said, effectively squashing Sam's train of thought as he stood up from the wall to continue his rampage. "I ain't gonna forget what you said. And I'm still hunting down Cas." Shit! So close. "I gotta few things I need to say to that ..."
Rowena stood shortly after they had left and stretched herself out in an exaggerated manner. "I believe a good night's rest sound like an excellent idea!" She tapped Kaia on the shoulder and jerked her head towards the door. "Come Kaia, dear, let me make you some of my special tea. It will heal any lasting wounds you may have and help you get some sleep. "
Dean felt a weird sense of guilt as he bit into a crispy slice of bacon, though he wasn't sure why. It's not like he asked for any of this. He looked up at Crowley and noticed an odd smirk on the demon's face. Was he fucking with him? “Nah, I'm good.“ Dean shrugged, playing along and hoping that's what was happening. “Thanks for the clothes too, by the way.” He took a sip of his coffee and waited for a reaction, hoping he wasn't reading the situation wrong.
“Of course.” Aziraphale sighed pushing back from the table. “You know, I believe I might have some Moët & Chandon stored away.” He smiled thoughtfully. “Wouldn’t that just be a laugh if we went back a drank some. Like a small inside joke.”
“No, but it doesn't stop him.” Crowley replied, shoving him towards the door. Dean was surprised to see how well the outfit the demon picked out for him actually fit. It wasn't to shabby either. He could get used to living like this if it wasn't so important to get back home. Nice clothes, good food, no worries. He rolled the sleeves of the shirt a quarter of the way up and made his way out to show off his look. Aziraphale smiled at him and walked over to pop off the tags, handing him a pair of shoes and walked off to the register. “He lives for helping people.” Crowley said in response to Dean’s skeptical face. “Believe me, you've just made his day.”
Sam felt a warm feeling creep up on him as he watched his brother talk about the demon. Dean had actually made a friend. An honest to goodness friend, without even trying. "You really like him, don't you?"
"That's actually a little funny." Castiel smirked. Despite himself, he was enjoying learning about the differences between the Heaven he knew and the Heaven from this other world. He still wasn't sure to make of their new allies of course. Aziraphale seemed fine, he was polite at least, which is more than he could say for most of his brothers. The demon though, everything about him was rubbing Cas the wrong way. His look, the way he talked, his snake like eyes, his apparent closeness to Dean. It wasn't the first time Dean had gotten himself tangled up with the wrong type of people. He tried his best to keep his focus on the angel in front of him as he spoke, but he couldn't help but watch Dean and Crowley from the corner of his eye as they floated off into their own little world. "Uriel was actually under my charge before he..."
I was finished. I had written it all out and had most of the editing done. I even started working on an AU that has been tickling my brain and my computer...fucking.... CRASHED! So I did a reset.<
Marie crossed her arms, smile still on her face. "Of course not! If anything it made it more interesting. You guys are real life heroes. Because of you we have been able to keep ourselves safe from all sorts of crazy danger that others don't even know about. Besides, they fell in love with the series before we met you. And they realized that love while potraying you in my play. Why wouldn't we keep loving you?"
'Live in the moment.' As moments went, this one in particular was rather unpleasant. He was fairly certain that this would be the moment he died. How could he possibly live and die at the same time?
" I'm afraid that may never be possible." Cas shrugged. " But that doesn't mean you have to bear the responsibility anymore. You don’t have to fight any more if you don't want to, but that doesn't mean you can't help by sharing your experiences."
Unlike the kisses before, that were desperate and angry, this one was soft and sweet. All the tension that Dean felt with his reluctance melted away as soon as Cas began to react. He let go of the trenchcoat  and slipped it down to the small of Cas's back to pull him in closer, letting his other hand fall to the other's neck. Dean tilted his head, deepening the kiss, letting it say everything he wanted to, everything he knew words would never explain.
"I won't let anything happen to you."  Dean's verdant, frightful eyes were boring holes into his heart as he silently pleaded with Cas to reconsider. He wanted so badly to appease the hunter. To tell him that it was okay, that they didn't have to go, that they would find another way. Anything to erase the look of sheer terror off Dean's face, but Sam was right. Amara was their best chance. He didn't like it either. He was scared too. Terrified. She may have been trying to hurt Lucifer, but Cas suffered too. He was no stranger to torture, having been on both ends of the stick. However, the methods Amara had used were unlike any other he had ever experienced. He vividly remembered every cut, every burn, every shock. He felt the pain of every touch shaking him to his core. Even the times he had managed to black out, it was nothing short of hell. He had never wanted to just die, so much in his entire existence. Worse still was the fact, that even through all the endless agony, she had been able to keep him alive, just enough to use him to find Dean. It was something he had never been able to forgive himself for. It didn't matter how near death he was. He should have been able to hide his affections long enough to keep her at bay, but he had failed then, too. She could have killed him a thousand times over, in the most slow and painful ways imaginable, and it still would have paled in comparison to the pain he felt when he saw the betrayal on Dean's face, once he realized she had found him through Cas. He didn't want to be anywhere near Amara either, but the whole of the universe was at stake. That was far more important than his feelings.
Sam rolled his eyes and focused back on his conversation. “Yeah, Garth, I know you think the house boat is safe, but it wouldn't be the first time it got busted into okay? Just get you and your family here, and we'll take care of you. We need all hands on deck for this one. Yeah, okay. See you soon.” He hung up the phone and crossed Garth off his list.
"You want to turn our home into a 'central hub' for hunters." Dean said, more of a statement than a question.
"...anyway I had been there for a while, and we were all out working in the barn and this kid just walks on up and plants one on me. I kissed the hot girl who Used to come over to teach us guitar the next day though, so I figured it was cool."
"It's for a friend." Dean told him, in a 'dont fucking question me' tone. He gathered his things, stuffing the nun-chucks and bouncy balls into his inner pocket and marched over to meet the other's. " Here." He said, practically slamming the bee into Cas's hands.
"What can I say Gabriel?" Cas snapped. "I made a lot of enemies in my time on Earth. These are the angels I know that can be trusted. They are the only ones I know that would be willing to follow me into battle, again. I am more than willing to hand the reigns over to you if you think you can do better."
"Whoa now, Cowboy!" Dean said in an equally playful tone, throwing his hands up. "No, one said anything about 'relationships'. Don't get ahead of yourself."
"Get out." He said softly, pulling his knees to his chest, dangling the box between his finger as he crossed his arms over them.
"You're my problem!" He replied. " Can't even let a man finish his damn coffee before jumping down his throat." He saw the look on his brother's face and knew he wasn't about to let it go a second time. "What about you, Cas?" he said, quickly cutting off Sam's next sentence. " Got any bright ideas floating around in that brain of yours?"
"We all know how close we came to ending." Aziraphale said. "We all know how lucky we were that the Almighty found himself distracted. The call was made too early, the Almighty's confusion at his desperate scream was the only thing that saved us, we all know that. We're you in Castiel's position.....would you have done it?"
It probably said something horrible about their friendship, that such simple words could draw such a profound feeling of guilt from Dean. There was pride there too, a little bit of happiness mixed in, but the guilt was overwhelming. So much of what they had been through over the past few years could have been avoided if  he had simply trusted Cas. So much of what was happening, even now. And here Cas stood, after saving the life of someone he didn't even like, for Dean's sake, not only saying the words, but proving them to be true. Dean had no idea what to say. He reached out and wrapped his arms around the angel, pulling him into a tight hug and buried his head into Cas's shoulder. "Thank you." He said softly, unable to come up with anything more meaningful to describe just how much those words meant to him.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean nodded. He started to turn away again to hide the tears of guilt welling up, but Mary stopped him.
So, that's what all the whispering and private conversations have been about? Crowley teasing Dean about Cas. Well that was....not what he expected. At least Dean had calmed down a bit now, though his mood was completely unreadable. If Sam could keep it going in this direction, he might have a chance to explain the rest of Cas's situation without Dean flying off the handle. "Crowley's been teasing you about Cas, huh?"
“There is no need to placate me, Sam.” Cas shook his head. “I'm fully aware of my part in your mother's death. I hold no illusions of thinking I am without blame.”
The Shadow yawned and rolled his eyes at Chuck's display, waving his hand in the air, causing black sludge to rise up around the fallen soldiers and right them again, completely okay. The smug smile slipped from Chuck's face as he glanced around him and back to the Shadow's bored expression. "We could do this all day, Chuck. You can waste all your energy killing them over and over if you'd like, but I'll just keep bringing them back."
"Yes, well..." Cas said, straightening up and pulling at the bottom of his shirt. "Your mother and Dean felt my usual attire might not be appropriate for our planned destination, so they suggested I change. Dean offered me some of his clothes since we are closest in size."
The brothers would never admit it out loud if you asked them, but seeing the play for the first time, without being shocked by its existence or hunting down a scarecrow, it was actually pretty enjoyable. Dean had already found the songs he had heard pretty catchy and the ones that he hadn't didn't dissapoint in that category either. It was almost cathartic watching their lives played out before them coupled with showtunes. Comical even. Cas had eventually settled back on the bed, asking the other two questions about the particular cases he wasn't exactly privy to, absentmindedly nibbling on the snacks that Dean had placed on the bed between them, not even minding the taste of molecules.
“He's made his mind up.” Crowley whispered back. “There’s no changing it now so, just suck it up and be grateful.”
"So much." Chuck scoffed. "I mean yours was pretty much doomed from the get-go. I did not stick with that story line long. I mean, look at you two! An angel and a demon? That's just..." He shuddered "...icky. The second Aziraphale decided not to strike you down for entering the garden, I knew I had messed up. So, I moved on, changed a few characters, and boom. Fixed!"
Cas needed Dean. Plain and simple. It had been that way from the moment he laid a hand on his soul. Sam, needed his brother. The world needed every last Winchester it could get. They needed to find Dean. “ What do you propose we do?” He asked.
"Yeah, Sam, why?" She said, still trying to lead him. "Why would someone run back into a fire, when they have a way out? I mean, I think you, of all people, would know the answer to that."
"I know that Claire, but I need you." He insisted. " They'll listen to you better than anyone else, and besides, we need someone that can train them to defend themselves in case things go sideways"
"You stink, Cas." Sam said interrupting him. Cas lifted his head and stared into Sam's eyes another apology on his lips. "I mean you really stink. You smell like the dead, dude. C'mon." He stepped back from the angel and went to his drawer, pulling out the smallest clothes he had. "Let's get you cleaned up so you can get some sleep. I'll crash in the library tonight until we can get rid of the body, and we'll talk some more about you being a dumbass for not thinking we care in the morning."
Cas looked up at him, confused. He almost looked like he was ready to retreat. To give up entirely. "What?" He asked.
He kept his eyes focused in front of him, not willing to see the look on the angel's face. Cas slid into the booth next to Sam, eyes red rimmed and watery with a tiny hint of a smile on his face.
“Sorry, mate, but there's no possible way that you could've 'stopped the apocalypse'.” Crowley mocked.
"Cas, I made a promise to be hands off." Jack said from beside him, staring off in the same direction. "Chuck was too involved. That's where he went wrong. That's why everything went the way it did. We can't interfere with there lives anymore."
And as the angel disappeared into the sea of people roaming the halls of his home, preparing themselves for the impossible battle ahead, Sam couldn't help but hope that Aziraphale was right. Maybe someday he would.
Kaia stared him down for a moment, before letting out a sigh and rolling her eyes. "I'm a warrior. Not a chamber maid."
“No, you look! Life with me, back in our world, may not be life in the fast lane, but we've done well for ourselves so far. I promise you that once we get home, we can try to find things that you find more exciting, if that's what you want, but I can't let you...”
It wasn't until it was time for lunch, that Dean had made his fatal mistake. Maybe it was the fact that it hadn't been brought up in almost and entire day, or maybe it was the talk he and Sam had with Mary the night before, but he had all but forgotten about the dagger looming over his head.
“It wasn't on purpose.” Dean shook his head. “It just happened. I didn't mean to make him lose anything.”
"I must say," Aziraphale swooped in, trying to cut through the tension, "you seem rather different from the Castiel from our universe. It makes me wonder if any of the angels are the same here.
"Awesome!" Dean beamed. He gripped Cas's  shoulder and gave him a shake " Get ready for a great time buddy. Tonight, you're  going to lose your virginity."
He turned the corner to find Charlie stuffing her things into her duffle. He knocked on the door frame with his uninjured hand. "Hey, there."
Cas nodded and bent down, reaching his hand out to shake Adam's. “Hello, Adam. Thank you so much for saving our friend. It is an honor to meet you, my name is...”
When Carla came back with the ticket, Sam pulled out his wallet and paid. When Dean stood up and fumbled for his keys Sam stopped him. “ Uh, no.” He chuckled. “Give me the keys, man. No way your driving. I actually want to get home alive.”
Dean let out a low whistle as they pulled up to a large, white stone building with tall windows and a castle-like roof. As the stepped out of the car, Dean watched Crowley pull a set of keys from his pocket and hand the to a young kid in a cheap suit. He heard him mumble something along the lines of “one scratch and I'll take your eyes out with a spoon” and followed them into the building, which was no less impressive inside. After they were seated and ordered, they spent most of the (ridiculously overpriced, in Dean's opinion) meal trading stories back and forth about each of their lives. “ So, you're Crowley was the king of hell?” Aziraphale asked in shock.
"You can leave now, Dean." Amara said from the bar, fixated back on the screen, with her glass pressed to her lips. "It's clear to me now, where your priorities lie."
They both turned their heads, listening to Dean's angry call somewhere deep in the bunker. "Well that sounds ominous." Crowley said, turning his gaze back to Castiel. "If I were you I'd go see what he wants. I think we both know how little patience that man harbors and after all," he smiled and leaned into Cas's space, his lips just a few inches from the angel's ear, "Hell hath no fury, like a lover scorned." He rocked back on his feet scanning Cas's face for a reaction. " I'd hate to see you stuck back in this room because you made Dean wait."
"No!" Dean shouted back; his eyes still fixed ahead. He was so close. "We can't leave him!" He tore and scraped at Sam's arms, feeling the pain in his ribs cut through him like a knife, the sky darkening as the evening set upon them, cool air flooding his stinging lungs. "I can't leave him!"
Also, I would like to say, Dean has had this coming for a long time. The writers won't kick his ass for being such a dick to everyone, so I did. I couldn't let everyone abandon him completely, because I still love him, bit it's about damn someone shoes him he's being a hateful prick
"Are you serious right now?" Dean growled. "You sad, sorry, sacks of shit! You're telling me that you'd rather spend the rest of your days lying around like garbage than go out and reclaim the souls that are yours?" The demons all looked at each other and nodded in agreement. "Well fuck you! I ain't goin down without a fight. So, you're gonna get up off your lazy asses and help us when this thing or I swear..."
"Doesn't seem to matter though." John shrugged, ignoring Dean's protest. "Look what you managed to do without me. You went and made a family all your own. And a damn good one at that, if what we got here now is any indication." He gestured around them. "Even managed to teach a damn Angel what family should mean." He turned to face Dean then, a smile finally gracing his features. " I am so proud of you son."
"Hey c'mon man that's not true." Dean retorted. " I distinctly remember you being up to your ass in holy wrath when we first met. Not your fault I fucked that up."
Or he was about to make it worse. That was the only thing stopping him right now. The way Dean saw it, there was one of two things that would happen. He was going to die. That wasn't a question. He was going to die, and everyone else too. But he wasn't going to die without Cas knowing the truth. He wasn't deaf to the comments made over the years. He willingly ignored them, for one reason or another, never believing any of it to be true. But now...now he had to hope that they were.
"It was for educational purposes." Cas said, trying to defend himself. "Humans are very complex creatures. I felt it was necessary to learn as much about their behavior as possible."
This chapter is pretty short. I didn't realize that at first, but now that I do I'm glad I didn't post it alone.
Cas caught the poorly tossed clothes with acute accuracy, eyes focused on the floor. " Are....are you sure, Dean?"
" The fact that you knew who I was talking about doesn't say much for you either man." Sam snickered.
"Fine." The angel replied through his teeth, without looking away from the hall, power and distain dripping from the single word response.
" Well I can see that... now..." Siobhan turned to Marie who was standing at the forefront. " I should've known something was up when you invited us to your parents house for movie night!"
"The freedom bells are calling your name Castiel!" Crowley crooned as he leaned up against the door frame of the room. "Answer their call. Fly free!" Cas turned to him with a confused look, setting the screw driver in his hand down on the desk next to the pieces of his stereo. Crowley rolled his eyes and stood up, sauntering into the room. He sat down on the edge of the desk and picked up the screw driver, twirling it around in his hands. "Your prison sentence is over, Angel. You're all healed up and free to roam."
“It's perfect, Samuel.” Rowena said, almost apologetically. “And while that settles one problem,” she perked up setting the knife off to the side, “there was another issue we have to address.”
"No!" Aziraphale shouted, finally getting the demon's attention. "Murder suicide, Crowley? You're not a coward!"
"Oh, come now," Aziraphale's tutted, "everything we managed to find said it should go away in time. Just the amount of time is uncertain."
The girls left to go check on everything, leaving the men in the hallway, waiting for the first guests to arrive.
Dean had spent a good portion of his night having a mild panic attack. In his onslaught of actual emotions, he had told two people (or entities he guessed) that he hardly knew from Adam, his biggest, most shameful secret. It wasn't hard for anyone to deduce that he was bi, not if they paid enough attention. It's not like he went around waving a flag or anything, but he didn't exactly keep it that well-hidden. If anyone bothered to ask him directly (which very few people, including his own family, ever had) he wouldn't outright lie about it either. Half-truths, maybe, but he got over being scared about that part of himself years ago. But he had never, not once, not ever, told ANYONE, about how he really felt about Cas. Not out loud. Not even to himself. He's thought it loud enough, plenty of times, sure. There were even times he almost said it to Cas directly, hell he did, multiple times, in different ways, but using the actual words? No. Just no. He couldn't do that. Not to Cas. Not to himself.
Castiel could tell Dean fighting a losing battle with his anger, but he was right. Now was not the time to be keeping secrets. "Jack knows about the deal. He was there when I made it." He told Dean.
Cas walked over and threw his arms over her shoulders hugging her tight. “ It's always good to see you Mary. Thank you so much for everything. Drive safe.” then he released her and held her at arm's length.
It wasn't something Dean liked to dwell on. Mostly because, at the time, there were more pressing matters to attend to, but there was also a tiny part of him that was terrified of what that meant. He was actually succeeding in pushing Cas away. And now....it usually tickled him to the bone to hear the angel swear. It was usually silly little insults that made no sense (c’mon, "assbutt"! Seriously?!) or even that time he called Raphael his little bitch. It gave him a weird sense of pride, because he knew how seriously Cas had taken to the rules of Heaven when they met, and just that tiny bit of corruption...it gave him a warm fuzzy feeling knowing how much Cas had grown since then. It was also because such "foul" words from the mouth of an Angel had never before been directed at him. Cas only cussed when he really fucking meant it. "Fuck you, Dean." That's what he said. Using his name and everything, just to make sure his message got across. And Cas really fucking meant it. And he left. He didn't tell anyone where he was going, what he was doing, if he'd be back, he just...left. Gone. Maybe this time for good.
Cas stood with his hands in the pockets of his trench coat, staring wistfully after the brothers, as they left the barn. "Not like that Jack." Cas said, firmly. "I couldn't let him die like that."
Sam looked at him with pity in his eyes and took a deep breath. "Dean, if you're worried about Cas...."
"Dean…" Sam said softly. He waited for Dean to open his eyes, tears streaming down his face. "I miss them too. I miss them so much. I didn't even get to tell Cas goodbye. I'm sorry you had to be the one to see Cas go. I'm sorry I wasn't there with you."
I just want to take a moment and tell y'all how grateful I am to those of you have followed me this far. I really can't thank you enough. Also sorry about the inconsistent posting. Adulting is hard man, but I'm doing my best.
Dean had been getting more belligerent over the past few years. Not to say he hadn't grown as a person since Cas had met him, but where he grew in some areas, he shrunk in others. He was more willing to accept that not all supernatural creatures were monsters, he even managed to make friends with a few. However, as the years went on, he became less inclined to accept help from those who were willing, those who cared. Cas supposed it wouldn't be so much of a problem, had he not become one of those creatures that Dean didn't trust.
They stared each other down for a while, before Rowena carefully schooled her features and returned to her book. “As you know, in the instances we were able to open a rift, it took the grace of an archangel, or at least a half of one, to do so.” She gave Cas a wicked smirk, as if she was trying to goad him. “Now, as 'great' and 'powerful' as you are Castiel, an archangel you are not.” Cas set his jaw and slowly began bringing his fingers back up. “However,” she added quickly, “I may have managed to find a spell that can be used in assisting your strength in this matter.”
So like I said, I have several more chapters of this beast lying in wait, so you can expect  updates to be much more frequent than originally planned. I was hoping to have it completed before March 7th, to keep it as canon compliant as possible, and I realized the only way I can do that is to update as much as possible. Possibly once (maybe twice in some cases) a day. So buckle up guys. We're about to crank this baby up!
Aziraphale smiled and reached up to squeeze the demon's hand, pulling it off of his waist and holding it to his side so he could turn and face him. "It's his own fault. Had he not poured so much of himself into the man trying to heal him they wouldn't be so connected now. The emotional distress Dean would have been under had we let them anywhere near each other would have surely done him in. His body was having hard enough time healing, adding anything else to that would've been deadly."
The nameless demon peeked around Crowley's shoulder with a smug smile. "It's already happening. They didn't even see you fit enough to bring along their usual guard dog." The demon turned his attention back to Crowley. "Where's Castiel?"
'You draped yourself in the flag of heaven, but ultimately, it was all about saving one human, right?'
"Alright, look, ya clowns!" Dean barked. " His name is Crowley, and he's a demon! He ain't like the king was but it seems to me like y'all are in need of some leadership. So here you are. New king. Winchester approved. Don't even have to change the monogrammed towels."
"No." Dean said quietly, cutting him off. "That's not what I mean." He set his glass down and sat up, still facing away from his brother as Sam waited quietly for him to continue. "I, uh…" he coughed, struggling to get his words out. "I got a real job. A paying one. Nine to five, 401k, the whole nine. I applied for a contractor position last week after...everything, and I..I got it. Paper work's on my desk, waiting to be sent in."
"Sam!" Dean shouted, causing everyone in the room to jump. He didn't want to let this go any further, and he was desperate to break it up. "Why don't you and Cas get started on these dishes while I set these two up for the night. Gotta long day tomorrow, planning to take down God and all. I think everyone could do with some rest."
"It started off as a completely civil conversation, I assure you." Crowley said innocently. "It isn't my fault that your angel is so wildly protective of you that even suggesting that you're anything less than perfect is enough to send him into a tizzy."
"So, use guns." Sam said. " Just try not to shoot each other, and you should be good. I need you here man."
Mary just shook her head in resignation "I never said he wasn't. I was just a little confused on the extent."
Thank you again for all the love and support. Next up, some Aziraphale and Sam interaction. Plus: DEeEemons
"I feel like you sometimes forget that I was a soldier for centuries before I met you." Cas huffed. "Now that I have something worthy to fight for, I don't foresee that ending as long as you're alive."
“I know.” Sam said. “I know. It's fine. I know you tried your best. You're alive. That's what matters.”
Touche....."Shut up, Sam." He grumbled, taking his first sip of coffee. It was way to early to deal with his brother's shit.
Aziraphale snapped, the room around them changed to the one they had been staying in, the orb left behind. He placed his hands on the sides of the demon's face, planting a bruising kiss on his lips, as softer, more tender one after that. "I don't want you to die Crowley." He said tearfully, pressing his forehead against the demon's. "I don't want you to suffer, but I won't help you kill yourself, either."
“It’s a wonder you have any costumers at all, Angel.” Crowley said walking further into the building. “With the hours you keep one might think this isn't really even a shop.”
"Yes, because Satan knows you need a larger head." Crowley rolled his eyes, before turning his attention to Cas with a mischievous glare. "What about you Castiel? You've hardly touched a bite. Do you not think as highly of Dean's cooking as the others?"
"Thank you." Jody said as she placed her hand on Sam's shoulder breaking him out of his thoughts. "Claire's been driving everybody crazy cooped up in here, stomping around like a child. I know why you did it, and I appreciate that, I do, but I think it'll be good for her to get out of here for a bit."
"We can go to mine!" The demon added. " I'll make supper and we can tell you all about it. Zira will bring the  'Moet&Chandon'." He chuckled before ducking in as well.
"I'm just trying to understand." Dean said, slamming a pack of chicken down on the counter. "Was it a language barrier or something? I know Cas had problems with slang there for a while." He sliced open the plastic and began pulling out the breasts, slicing down the middle of each before setting them aside. "Does 'can it' mean something different to you? Should I have said something a little more obvious, like 'keep your fucking mouth shut'?!"
“Yeah, sure.” Dean looked at the others and jerked his head towards the other room. “We’ll just ...be over there.” Dean made his way towards the door, the rest of them following after, each giving them a skeptical look as they went.
"Well, we were a little preoccupied with other things at the time!" Aziraphale shouted back, grabbing the table behind him for support as the ground shook beneath him.
Cas felt his entire body go numb as he stood there, frozen. Crowley knew. He knew this entire time. That's why he had checked on Castiel after the accident, that's why he was being nice. It wasn't sympathy, it was pity. He knew everything. Cas turned on his heel without another word and practically ran out the door. He'd use his wings, but it was hard enough getting his feet to move as it was, in his state of panic and humiliation. Crowley knew. Had he told Dean? Was that why he had stayed by Cas's side while he healed? Pity? Was he really so pathetic as to think Dean actually gave a crap about his wellbeing? No, no, no, no, no. He had worked so hard, kept this hidden for so long. Why now? What was to happen now? Would Sam and Dean shove him away as soon as this was all over? They needed him, for the time being, but what would happen if they managed to pull this off. No one wanted someone around, constantly pining for unrequited affections. The Winchester's were all he had left. What was he supposed to do without them? Where would he go?
"Rrriiiight...." Dean chuckled. "You don't have to ashamed about watching porno, man. it's only human. It's actually kinda hot."
"I'm sure those crocodile tears didn't hurt either." Crowley said as he sauntered behind Dean back towards the library.
"Your boy toy keep any snacks in this rust bucket, of his?" Claire cut him off shuffling through the glove box.
He also thought about Crowley and Aziraphale's relationship. An angel and a demon, side by side, for thousands of years, with nothing but each other. It was sweet (if that was the word for it) in way. Loving someone for that long, so entirely, that you would stand by their side through anything. Two creatures that were never meant to be together, going against the laws of nature, consequences be damned. As the last bits of his consciousness slipped away, he wondered, briefly, about what it would be like to have someone he loved that much, someone like that who would love him. There was Sam of course, but that didn't really count. They were brothers. They had to love each other. They didn't have a choice.
They left the garage, leaving all the bags behind (it was too much for them to carry in their exhausted state) and made their way inside. The bunker was quite for the most part, a few late-night conversations still going on behind closed doors. The girls spread out to find themselves empty rooms to rest for the night, while Dean, Crowley and Castiel made their way to the library where they knew Sam and Aziraphale were waiting for them to check in. "Oh my word!" Aziraphale gasped upon seeing them.
"I did. A million times. Not my fault you're deaf." Dean replied. "Now go in that cabinet and grab me the vanilla. Imma show you how to make a killer dessert."
"As long as we're on the same page on that " he grunted. He slid the box on top of the table and swung his legs over the side of the bed.
He sat there for two days, patiently waiting. Watching Rowena as she came in every so often with a bowl of ingredients, chanting some foreign words as she spread them around his wounds. Two days, listening to Aziraphale explain what he was doing as he laid his hands over the other angel letting bits of his power surge through him to ease the pain. Two days, observing Alex as she checked the cuts for infection and spreading antibiotic ointment on the ones that were slower to heal. Two days, waiting for any sign that Cas was gonna be okay. "You know, it's kinda funny, man." Dean chuckled after Alex had left that afternoon. It was the first words he had managed to say since that first night, and they were mostly to himself. "Me watching over you like this? I used to get so pissed when you did this to me. I thought it was fucking creepy as hell, but I guess I kinda get it now." He let his head hang down, watching his own hands as he wringed them around. " It's comforting. I don't really know what's going on in that dome of yours, or if you're even aware that I'm here, but it's comforting to me. Seeing you breath and stuff. Knowing your alive. I don't think I would've been able to keep it together this long if I just left you in here. Not knowing if you were still breathing, still okay. So, yeah. I think I get it now."
Dean chuckled a bit, stepping back as he wiped his eyes with his sleeve. "I feel statements, Cas? Really? Is that what we're doing now?"
"Forget it, Sam." Crowley shook his head. "The demons have already told me that they won't spare another soul, end of everything or not, they won't relent."
if you have never listened to Death on Two Legs by Queen, I highly suggest that you do. It's amazing.
Aziraphale seemed to consider this a moment as he looked around the room at the others before nodding. "Yes, I suppose it has been a rough couple of days for all of you, hasn't it? One night of relaxation couldn't hurt anything."
"Cas!" Dean screamed out, causing Amara to pause. She froze Dean in place and tilted her head to the angel breathing raggedly on the floor across the room before turning back to Dean with questioning eyes. She approached Dean slower then, letting a dark smile spread across her face. Dean kept his eyes fixed on Cas until he felt the backs of her long, warm fingers trail down the side of his face, sending an involuntary shiver through his core.
"Please." Dean choked out in a raspy breath. "Just kill me you son of a bitch. You're gonna do it anyway."
Dean couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. The kid wasn't wrong. Saving people tended to be a full-time job. He couldn't really remember the last time he was able to just be him. “That is smart.” Dean agreed. “Do you think you could show me?”
"Son of a bitch!" Dean scrambled across the booth to peer out the window and watch their exchange. It was like watching his worst nightmare unfold before him. Part of him wanted to run outside and drag the feathered asshat back inside before he found anything out but he knew he wouldn't be fast enough. He wasn't that lucky. So instead, he watched in horror as the scene played out, in slow motion, before him. He saw their mouths moving, and even though he couldn't hear the words he knew exactly what they were saying. He watched as Cas shoved his hands into the pockets of his stupid trench coat and tilt his stupid head at Marie's words. Then...was that a fucking smile? Is he laughing? He was! Cas's head had fallen back and the angel was actually full on cracking up! "Son of a bitch!" Cas placed his hand on Marie's shoulder to steady him self and shook his head. Dean couldn't watch anymore, so he slung himself back and picked his burger back up. "I swear, if Chuck wasn't God, I'd wring his neck!"
The angel nodded his head. "I heard her storming through the halls, yelling at Alex about what had happened." He turned to Dean then, narrowing his eyes. "You should really stop teaching her new insults."
"Cas, wait!" Dean called out before they found themselves standing in a field a little over a mile away. "No!"
“No.” Crowley replied. “That was Led Zeppelin. But I told you, it has been in the car for more than a fortnight. So, it's Queen now.” He stated, matter of factly, like it made perfect sense and Dean was just being an idiot for not understanding.
“Sam's right, Dean,” Cas added, a hint of disappointment in his eyes. “It's going to take a lot more than one drink if you wish to bed me like one of your clueless females.”
Aziraphale set the blade down. “Castiel?” He said, losing the battle against his laughter. “I’m sorry Dean but that's just impossible. That sad sack? Always moping about, all alone, watching Kings die and mourning everything! There's no way that is the angel you have described to us.'
"Morning fellas!" Dean chirped as he practically skipped down the stairs, Castiel close at his heels, obviously equally as cheerful.
Here's a fun little chapter of giggles at Dean's expense to make up for making everybody relive the horror that is Cas's endless need for self sacrifice.
Dean threw his head back against the door and took a steadying breath. "Every time I close my eyes all I can see is you. All the times I let you down. All the times I got you killed. Every damn night, when I go to sleep, I have to watch
Sam narrowed his eyes and slipped into a bitch face. " I know what 'bisexuals' are, Dean. I'm not stupid. Please. I've known you've had a thing for dudes ever since that whole 'Dr. Sexy' incident. I just never thought you'd actually admit to it."
"Okay, first of all: fuck you." Gabe responded. "Just because I wasn't up there doesn't mean I didn't see it. And secondly: at least he tried! All Dad ever did was make the world and when things weren't going his way he left for a pack of smokes and never came back." The murmurs of disagreement rose but this time it was Meg who stepped forward.
Aziraphale rolled his eyes and let out an exasperated sigh. " Oh, shut up." He smiled leaning in for another kiss.
Sam took a deep breath and walked into the war room, trying his best to gather his courage as he stood up on the table to address the room. "Hey." He said a little weakly, clearing his throat before starting again. "Hello. For those of you who don't know me...uh... I'm Sam Winchester." The room was filled with a series of murmurs and nods, a few rolled eyes and scoffs.  "I'm sure you're aware of the dire situation we're all in right now. I was able to explain a bit of what was going on to those of you I called but I think you all deserve to know what happened to get us all here. God's pissed. He's been playing with all our lives since the beginning of time. He told me so himself." He looked around gauging everyone's reaction, ranging from indifferent to confused. "My brother and I decided we weren't going to play his game anymore. So, he unleashed Hell. Literally."
"Cas. How bad is he?" Cas ignored him and finished with his healing, standing up and holding his hand out to Sam to help him up. "Cas, answer me!" He demanded brushing away the angel's hand. "Is Dean gonna die?!" It had to be bad. An entire team of angels working on him and Cas was avoiding the question.
"He's an angel. You're human. A bullet can kill you. The most it would have done to him was put a hole in his clothes and yet you put yourself in harm's way to protect him." She stated matter of factly. "Not to mention how you two greet each other and the constant staring! He was a wreck when you were taken by the government. I've rarely seen someone so distraught, when I have it was usually because someone lost the love of their life. He played his mix tape all the way to Colorado. The one YOU gave him."
After a while, he found himself longing for times he would never have. Times when he could ride along with someone who would listen to his hair-brained theories and indulge his whimsies. Someone who would go along with every crazy scheme that popped into his head without question or complaint, no matter the risks.
"Billie?" Dean asked. "Did you know about this? You gotta do something! You cant just let that dick take Cas! You gotta…" Dean paused. Something was wrong. "Billie, where's Jack?"
"I just... I didn't wanna lose him...I didn't... I wanted him to stay this time... I...what did I do?" Dean choked out, tears threatening to spill over his face.
Cas had to duck his head to keep Sam from seeing the fact that he was trying to bite back his own laughter. It didn't work. "I hate you." Sam deadpanned. "I hate both of you. I really do."
Cas cried for a while longer before swallowing and taking a series of deep breaths to calm down. "They said I was too emotional to focus." He sniffed. "I tried to heal him several times, draining myself, before I thought to call out for help. They told me I risked putting us both in danger and I should focus my energy elsewhere. I put a call out to Rowena, she is in there with him now. I was told to gather myself before I even thought about returning. I put my efforts into finding you because I didn't believe the others capable of doing a sufficient job. I needed to find you, make sure you were okay. I couldn't stand the thought of losing you too."
Cas nudged Dean's shoulder with a look of admonishment. " I believe what Dean is so poorly trying to get across..." he paused and looked at Sam " is that in light of recent events He and I have discovered that we have feelings for each other and have decided to explore the possibilities of a relationship."
"Listen. You don't get it guy! Okay?" Dean snapped. "Your world? The angels are pissy with you 'cuz you stopped the apocalypse. Big woopty-fricken-do! You got in with an angel blade, they called you names and sent you packin. Here? Cas didn't just stop the apocalypse. He killed to do it. He rebelled against all of them. He slaughtered them in masses and tried to be their God. He broke through their brain washing and managed to make every single one of them lose their wings. They aren't just pissed off. They want him dead!"
"He's got Cas!" Dean cried, shoving against him harder. "You can get these people to safety. I'm not leaving Cas behind! I can't! I'm not letting him go again! " He managed to push Sam out of the way and started sprinting away.
“Uh, fine I guess...” Sam answered. He studied Dean's face with a look of concern. “You're in a good mood?” He said. It sounded more like a question than an observation. “Are you feeling alright?”
"You haven't slept in days." She said. " Or eaten. While these are things that may not be necessary for someone like myself, it is my understanding that they are thing that humans require."
“I... I'm sorry.” She mutters as she bends down to scoop up the broken pieces. “I have no idea what you're talking about.”
Castiel ripped his shoulder from Dean's grip and lifted his face, trying his best to hold it together. "I made a deal."
Claire flopped her head towards Dean and rolled her eyes dramatically. "You're not as mysterious as you like to think, Dean. I know part of the reason you've holed yourself up in here with Castiel is because you feel guilty."
"The Empty." Sam repeated. " It's probably different where you're from, but...it's the place angels and demons here go when they die."
"Because before you and Dean came in here acting like you didn't have a care in the world, Cas asked me for the same deal." Sam hissed.
“Oh, heaven's no! It's nothing like that!” Aziraphale assured, quickly. “We just need a moment with your son to discuss...”
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Gabriel said holding up his hands."Call off the dogs! I'm not trying to punish anyone here."
"Of course!" Sam spoke before Dean could. "We'd love to. It's always good to see the people we help living out their lives."
They talked about everything they had hidden from each other over the years, every secret, every lie. They talked as they watched the galaxies swirl above them, getting out everything they had held back. Eventually they got back inside the car and made their way back to the Roadhouse, to be greeted by everyone the had lost along the way. Pam and Ellen were serving up shots, while Jo brought them burgers as they sat down at the bar. Charlie and Kevin were scrunched up with Ash in front of his laptop as he explained how he managed to hack into angel radio. Rufus and Bobby were bickering in the corner while Missouri sat and laughed at them from the booth she was sharing with Adam. Everyone was there, everyone was happy.
"Bullshit!" Dean spat. "He always has a fucking reason! He always thinks he's doing the right thing, and we're always left to pick up the pieces when it blows up in his face!"
Crowley hunched his shoulders and closed his eyes, shaking his head. It was a centuries old argument, one that would likely never be solved, but it never stopped either of them from trying. "I'm a demon, Aziraphale. Demons aren't good. If I we're good I never would have fallen"
Cas tucked the DVD into the inner pocket of his borrowed jacket and patted in affectionately. "Marie was kind enough to give me a copy of her play." He answered softly. " I felt it was only fair I get to watch it, considering it is based on the gospel of my father, and I happen to be a character in it."
"Cas?" Dean looked at the angel and saw him shuffle from foot to foot nervously, looking down and wringing his hands. " I figured you would want her here when you can back." He mumbled.
"Dean, I know I messed up. That is why I spent the last three years trying to fix my mistakes. I will never forgive myself for having a hand in making your life miserable. It is why I agreed to stay out of your life after Jack brought me back. I…I know what I said to you…I didn't want to make things…I'm sorry…if you want I can leave you in peace here as well…"
"Oh yeah?" Said another defiant angel towards the front. "How?" He wasn't expecting her to appear right beside him.
“Now Dean,” Aziraphale sighed “I understand that you come from a different world, but that is no reason to go around assuming the worst of people that you don't know.”
“So, you teleport then?” Adam asked. They were filling him in on what had got them to this point, leaving out the gritty details of course.
"Why, Dean, you look to be in a rather chipper mood." Aziraphale smiled. "Sam was just telling us that you two got into quite the row after we saw you, but it seems you two have made up."
"We wait." Rowena said calmly. And the quite grew strong once more. It was Aziraphale that broke the silence, with a terrifying realization.
Sam scoffed in disbelief and shook his head. “Okay, you caught me, but mean, can you blame me? You said it yourself, Dean told you all the shit the angels have put us through over the years? You really can't expect me to invite one into my home with open arms.”
“Well, unfortunately for us, I don't believe we have that option.” Aziraphale said as he began to pace. “They aren't exactly pleased with me after the apocalypse debacle.”
The bunker went silent for what seemed like ages. A pin could drop all the way in the garage and it would sound as though a bomb went off right next to them. “Sam,” Cas said finally “you don't mean that.”
Oh, shit. Was Cas being serious? Did he just fuck something up with that little stunt? “ It's for me.” Dean grumbled. “ I'm gonna need to be buzzed if I'm gonna make it through the rest of the night with you two chuckle heads.”
Dean's heart melted a bit after hearing her speech. Sometimes the only part of the job that helped them keep going was hoping they made someone's life just a little bit better. Hearing it confirmed from the source was enough to wash away most of his bad mood. "Yeah, yeah, okay. What can we do to help you finish up?"
“No, Sam!” Cas practically shouted, uncovering his face and staring into Sam's soul. They sat in utter silence letting the words hang in the air like daggers over their heads. Cas's face began to fall from anger, slipping back into the broken expression he had been wearing since the moment Dean disappeared. “Just...no.” his voice was quiet and cracked. “It’s hopeless. Like you said. He's probably better off.”
" Cas don't." Dean pleaded "You know I don't care how you look. Your clothes are very...you. wouldn't have ya any other way. This just ain't the kind of place for 'em. Gotta blend in and all."
Dean bit down on Cas's bottom lip, as soon as he removed his tongue causing the angel to let out a low growl. Dean's breath hitched at the sound and Cas used the opportunity to dive down towards Dean's neck. He ran his hands slowly over Dean's sides, under his shirt as he nipped and kissed his way from just below the hunter's ear, down his neck, across his collar bone and back up to his chin on the other side. "fuck...." Dean panted, letting his head fall back into the shelf behind him. He let his hips roll over Cas's leg, desperate for the friction against his aching cock.
Castiel turned his head to look behind his shoulder and Dean felt him stiffen under his hand. Dean watched Castiel's face pale out of the corner of his eye and give him a barely noticeable shake of his head. Not Billie. The shadow. Dean wasted no time pulling Cas in behind him, putting himself between the two of them. "You're not taking him!"
Adam nodded and reached across the table, grabbing an apple and taking a bite. “Don chuu geff ronly?”
"No." Dean said again. "No... just...no. Cas doesn't...he can't...no. it doesn't matter anyway. Even if there was a slim chance that he felt anywhere close to what I do, it wouldn't matter. I'm poison. Everything I care about, everything I love, it turns to ash. I destroy everything I touch. Case in point." He's said gesturing towards the door. "I can't do that to him. Not that it even matters now. He's gone. With any luc,k for good this time. I'm sick of holding him back anyway."
"No?" Crowley quirked an eyebrow. "Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe we had a discussion about angels being genderless. Loving your angel wouldn't make you gay, or bi, though that is something we'll have to discuss later, or anything else it is you seem to be afraid of being called. It would just be you...in love...with an angel...which you are."
"And look where it gets him " Dean shuttered. "Every fucking time. He just keeps saving me and I keep getting him killed!"
"What?!" Dean half shouted, causing Cas to pause. "No, dude! No. You are way off base!" Dean was waving his hand in front of him, shaking his head, and he took a step back from the cackling demon.
"He deserved so much better." Dean cried. “We deserved so much better than this." And he was right. Because none of them had asked for this. It was just thrust upon them, without a choice.
who he was dealing with. He kept his hand in the handle and dropped his forehead to the door. "So, is this your plan? You just gonna hide out in there forever?"
"Then don't." he shrugged. "Look, the shadow man here likes his sleep, yeah? Say God gets out and starts causing a ruckus. Shadow wakes up, get annoyed, no one's happy. But with you there? I say it's a win-win situation. "
Also, I don't actually think Sam is a dick. Just a little blind when it comes to his brother. ( Souless!Sam is actually my favorite version so I may have written him with a slight lack of empathy for my sake)
"I know." Cas replied quietly, hanging his head slightly. "I know that. I just couldn't stand by and…."
The woman came back, placing another glass in front of the angel. "Here you go, cutie!" She said flirtatiously, then leaned down putting  her lips close to his ear "This one's on the house."  She sauntered away again, putting on more of a show than before. The jealousy rose back up so quick it caught Dean by suprise. Maybe they shouldn't have done such a good job at cleaning Cas up? She sure was giving  him an awful lot of attention. More than Dean had gotten in a while. Yeah, Cas was a good looking dude, he guessed, damn good looking, if he was being completely honest with himself, but he had never seen anyone fawn over him this much. But hey, wasn't  that the point?
Cas rolled his eyes. That definitely sounded more demon like. "Perhaps I find comfort in a few things that humanity has to offer."
The glass shattered underneath her hand as she turned a cool, vicious gaze towards the hunter. "Neither did I." She said, before rising back to her feet. "I didn't want to be locked away for eons in a tiny cage with no escape. I didn't ask to be preyed upon by Heaven and Hell alike once you set me free." She was storming across the room as she spoke, power surging around her, causing Dean to fall back. Logically he knew that she would never hurt him, but fear knew nothing of logic. " I didn't want to be put against my own brother, to fight for my right to be alive. I didn't want to be put in the situation where I had to kill or be killed." She had him pressed against the wall, her face inches from his. "All I wanted, all I ever wanted, was to spend eternity, the way it was meant to be, my brother and I, alone." She backed off, turning back to the bar and started walking away. " Why should I interfere when he is finally wising up and realizing that this is how it should be?" She paused next to where Cas was laying and flung her arm out once more, sending him crashing down next to Dean. "Take your angel and leave Dean."
She continued down the hall to the kitchen, figuring that the matter was settled, Dean following close behind. " Yeah I guess he didn't want to reveal too much..." he mumbled
"It's taking everything I have left to hold him off!" She yelled back. "I won't have the energy for anything once he breaks through!"
Sam sighed, and nodded, relieved that his brother hadn't actually gone off the deep end as much as he thought when he offered them all up as sacrifice....and yet...he didn't start pushing until..."You wanted him to kill you." He said quietly.
Dean finished his burger and made his rounds, taking his time reminiscing with each of them. There was no rush, time didn't matter anymore. It could have been hours, or it could have been days, by the time he made it back to his seat next to Castiel, where a fresh glass of whiskey awaited him. He sat down and took a sip, smiling over at the Angel as he did. Yeah, everything was just about perfect. So, the quick look of distress and Cas's face was a little more jarring than it should have been.
Sam sniffed again and looked off to the side. "We weren't meant to have that kinda life, Dean. We aren't the type of people who get to enjoy the apple pie life .You know that."
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. For such a powerful being, Cas could be such a baby sometimes. “ Who the hell is going to break into a car, FULL OF WEAPONS, and steal a stupid stuffed bee?” Cas just responded with a smitey glare. Dammit! He shouldn't have called it stupid. No matter what he did he was gonna make things worse, either with Cas or everyone else. He took a deep breath and walked over to Cas, gently taking the bee from Cas's hands and tucking in under the passenger seat up front. “ There. It's safe. No one can see it. Can we eat now?” He locked the doors and stormed towards the entrance, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him. He was about to turn on Cas and tell him that the bee was safe until he saw the angel pass him, followed by Jack and Sam.
The morning went by smooth as silk. The four of them had a nice big breakfast, courtesy of Dean and Jack. Cas had even sat with them. Dean was more than happy to show Jack how to cook a nice meal. Without the use of his grace, the kid had to eat, so Dean figured it was best he learned the basics in case none of them were around to feed him.
On the rare occasions the angel was awake while he was present, he mostly just talked with him. He'd come up with some excuse about needing to check his vitals or bring him a book, then he would linger a little longer, telling him the progress of the demons or Sam's hunters, pretending not to listen as Castiel gave his input. He would never admit to the fact that he was keeping up the ruse of being cordial to keep himself grounded. In reality, he was terrified. He had witnessed, first hand, how powerful the angel was. He was able to see the manifestation of sheer mana, surging underneath his human shell. He had watched how effortlessly the seraph had dispatched those creatures, two, even three at a time. To see him so broken after his encounter with the Almighty's sister was more than a little unsettling. Crowley was nowhere near as powerful, there were very few beings that were. How were any of them supposed to fare well against the Almighty himself, if a being, such as Castiel, hardly made it out alive against Amara? Truth be told, (though no one even dare to mention it to Dean) he wasn't even wholly alive. He had been mostly dead when they had brought him to the room. It had almost drained everyone working on him, entirely, just to keep him breathing.
Sam shook his head. Now was as good as time as ever to get everything out in the open. It would probably be the only time. If they did manage to get Dean back, it was going to be balls to the wall trying to find a way to fix the world and there definitely wasn't gonna be anytime to have a heart-to-heart about what he had been so blind to for so long. “Cas...
Dean's head shook itself, his eyes refusing to open, knowing that everything he ever wanted, everything he needed and was too stupid to know that he already had wouldn't be on the other side of the safety of his closed lids.
Sam smiled and let out a small laugh as he watched his brother pout in Cas's direction until the angel disappeared around a corner. " You know, you're lucky he lo..."
Aziraphale bent down and held out his hand to shake Adam's hand. “Hello, Adam. It's a pleasure to see you again. This is our friend Dean. He is a very long way away from home, and we were hoping that you could help him get back.”
Cas ignored him, flipping the blade into his hand ready to throw. “He's a demon Dean, I can see his face...”
“Well...no.” Cas answered carefully. “I fly. I have wings. They haven't worked in a really long time, so we were very lucky that they got fixed when they did.”
Cas appeared next to them a few moments later, placing a plate down in front of Dean, with a massive sandwich teetering in the center, before setting a glass of water next to it. "Eat." He demanded. "Drink the whole glass and then go to bed."
Throughout all of history, love has been the source of pretty much everything. It was why God created the Earth. His need to feel loved. It was what caused humanity to grow and expand. The love of adventure is what caused humans to travel further than their surroundings. Love has ended wars, as well as caused them. Every great novel, every hit song, every poem, every movie, every charity, everything ever made, would not have existed, with out some form of love pulling it together. It is arguably the most powerful force in all of existence.
"Do you honestly think this is going to work?" Crowley sighed. He was leaning back in his chair, his feet on the edge of the library table, next to Aziraphale's plans, being about as helpful as an umbrella during a hurricane.
Before Dean could even open his mouth, he heard the most horrifying word he could think of slip past Cas's lips. "Yes." The angel said. The world stopped, along with his heart. That son of a bitch! Not ten minutes ago  they agreed not to say anything until Dean was ready and there that bastard was screaming it to the entire bunker! How could he fucking do this?! Dean was ready to die on the spot and take Cas down with him until he heard his brother's laughter a few seconds later.
“The girl is screaming now, too.” Adam said, his voice sounding a little scared. “Your brother is trying to stop them but the small woman won't let him. He's just flew across the room!” Dean tried his best to stay focused through the fear. He had to keep it together no matter what was happening. He had to make it home. Adam's free hand flew up and gripped the side of his head. “There’s a sound! A horrible sound! It's coming from the sad man! It hurts! I... I can't!”
"Hi pops!" Gabriel smiled, wiggling his fingers at Chuck from where he was leaning against a wall, his large golden wings tucked neatly behind his back. " Long time, no see."
Dean chuckled and clapped his hand against the Angel's shoulder. “Don't take it too hard buddy. The kid's pretty awesome, but I think we'll keep you around.” He looked over his shoulder, to check on the other's progress, to see Crowley looking over at him with a wicked smirk. Dean stopped unconsciously rubbing over the spot he had placed his hand and shot the demon a confused eyebrow, only to get an eyebrow waggle and a shrug in response before Crowley turned his attention back to what Rowena was saying. He wasn't even aware that Cas had been watching the entire silent exchange.
“Yeah, great kid.” Sam said in a rush grabbing onto Dean's sleeve pulling him out of earshot of everyone else. “Listen Dean we need to talk...”
3: If you can look me in the eye and tell me that Dean's suicidal, hopeless mood in the beginning of season 13 didn't, almost, completely change the second he picked up that phone ( I can only presume the first words he heard were " Hello, Dean") then you are a damn liar! Cas wanted to bring him a win, all Dean wanted after losing everything was a win. Cas coming back was his win. We aren't stupid!
"I apologize." Cas said bashfully. "It appears that my wings are quite a sensitive area during sexual congress. I did not consider them to be a factor, due to their current broken state."
“Of course, Sam.” Cas nodded, taking a step back from the door. He followed Sam into the hallway and leaned against the opposite wall if the one the hunter had posted himself against. “What is it?” He asked, unable to read the younger Winchester's expression.
So, for the story line that has now magically appeared in my head, it was crucial for Sam to know about "The Deal" before Dean. Also, I know of the other way to open a rift. I will get there I promise. It all comes together! I swear!
"He did?" Aziraphale asked, turning his face slightly to stare at Crowley. "I guess Sam was wrong about that then."
There it was. The sliver of truth in all of Dean's lies. He would never take responsibility for his actions. Not when he had Castiel to blame. Those days were over now.
“It doesn't mean you listen.” Crowley replied in the same tone, prompting a huff from the angel as he set down the glass and walked away. Crowley chuckled and side-stepped Dean, pulling a pair of pants, a dress shirt, and a vest off the rack and handing it to him. “These look about your size. Go and try the on, and be quick about it. He gets a bit tetchy when he hasn't eaten.”
Cas's face scrunched up in pain. He swallowed hard trying to find strength for his next words. " Dean....I don't  expect...."
"She's not like them." Cas insisted. "Not anymore. She's good. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have made it this long. She saved me. She's..."
Sam just nodded and pushed away from the table. He wanted to say something about how he was the sensitive one, but he guessed in this case that wasn't true. As he walked down the hall, he let the new information tumble through his mind. Was it really new information though? Cas had always showed preference to Dean. From the moment he walked into their lives, the guy was glued to Dean's side like a little lost puppy. It was obvious, but maybe he just didn't want to admit to it because he knew that it only led to heartache for someone, he had considered his best friend.
"Stuffed chicken." Dean replied, and he took the breasts out and set them aside placing a couple more in. " It's got spinach for Sam, cheese for me and it goes great with beer, which everyone can enjoy." He threw the spinach into a bowl on went to the fridge to grab some cheese. "So what are you doing this for, if it's not just to make me die of embarrassment?"
"You mean to tell us, you never owned a pair of PJs?" Dean scoffed. Cas just shook his head again. "What the hell did you sleep in when you were human then?" Cas's mouth opened to say something, but instead he just dropped his head and looked back over at the clothes on the couch.
"I love you Dean Winchester. I always have. And I'm sorry" Cas said quietly as the remaining shards of wood burst into the room, the Shadow storming in after. "Goodbye, Dean"
Dean's breathing had gotten heavy. He was trapped with nowhere no hide. The angel's azure eyes were burning into his very soul. Dean knew he was in trouble. This wasn't Cas, his goofy, awkward friend who happened to be a seraph. This was Castiel: Angel of the Lord. " Cas, please! I'm sorry, okay? Just...stop...please..."
“I'll try...” Adam said rolling his eyes. He turned to Castiel then and looked him up and down. “You'll take care of Dean, won't you?” Cas nodded and was surprised when Adam threw his arms around his waist. “Try not to be so sad, alright? Things will get better. There's no point in staying sad all the time. You won't get anything done that way.”
"Oi! Skinny!" Yelled the disembodied head that had replaced the foot. And now he was certain he had gone mad because there was absolutely no way this was happening. He was certain that the head had belonged to the demon Crowley,
Sam glanced back in the direction Cas had gone. “You think I should go talk to him?” Sam winced. What was he even supposed to say? Sorry you love my brother, but he's gone now so...yeah...
"You're completely gone on that angel, boy." Crowley smirked. "I may be a demon, but I would hate to contribute to the destruction of true love."
"Um, hello?" Dean waved his hands around the room then pointed to Sam." Big, warded, underground fortress, a kick ass warrior, and an angel..." then he pointed to himself, "out in zombie land, on my way to hell with a snarky witch and a demon. You really think I can survive a trip to Nebraska with nothing but these two to babysit?"
“Yeah, I know Cas,” Dean managed to push himself in front of Cas, pressing one hand on his chest and used his other to keep the angel blade from being thrown, “just hear me out...”
“You’re awfully inquisitive for somebody who's asking me and my friend to go to the end of the universe for you. Literally.” Crowley replied.
" You see!" Dean said triumphantly as he elbowed Cas's side again. "She recognized us! I told you we've been here before."
"Dean…" Castiel's voice began to waiver as he struggled to choke back tears. "You have fought for this whole world.  You don't need to fight for me too."
When they walked in, the other's had already been seated in a corner booth, Jack in the middle with Cas and Sam on each side and two empty places at either end. Without thinking twice, Dean slid into place beside Cas and gave his knee a gentle squeeze under the table, Mary taking the spot next to Sam.
“Oh my, would you look at that! Aziraphale said, looking at his watch “it’s nearly Supper! Crowley would you be a dear? I could go for Chinese.”
Cas pictured it. Their souls writhing in agony and lonely despair for all of eternity. He thought about Sam. How much he has suffered at the hands of a cruel fate. Cursed to carry his mother's burden, traded away in a deal with a demon before he was even born. Forced to carry demon blood in his veins, a normal happy life stolen from him by the hands of God for his sick, twisted, pleasure. A man who spent his entire life, thrust into a world of darkness and despair, never knowing anything more. A man who had tried to escape the only life he has ever known, determined to be something greater only to be pulled back in by the prickly tendrils of his father's will. Sam had only ever known loss and still managed to be good. He was born to be evil, to be the sword of Lucifer, born for death and destruction, and still managed to be good. He fought against the evil that consumed him, he sacrificed himself to do what was right, tried to close the gates of hell, suffered at the hands of the devil himself and still came out the other side willing to do more. And Dean....
“Yes. That's it. I don't forget a face....and you.” Mr. Young pointed over to Crowley. “Aren’t you the doctor that delivered Adam?”
"No, Sam, you c'mon!" Dean shouted back. "Are you forgetting what happened the last few times Cas mossied on up to the pearly gates? Those sons of bitches have a tendency to convince him that they know what's best, and we get fucked! No offense Cas, but I ain't risking it." He glanced over at the angel to see him standing with his head bowed and his fists clenched. He couldn't tell if it was because if it was because Cas was upset or furious, but he knew it had to do with what he had said. He shouldn't have laid everything out like that. It wasn't the point. Cas would be putting himself in danger if he went. Aziraphale too. The last thing they needed was to be down two men in the final quarter. "Cas..." He took a step towards his friend.
Dean thought for a second, racking his brain before it clicked. “What? I love you? I was pretty sure that was implied.”
"He's got them Sam! They can't win this! He's got Crowley and Aziraphale and Jack. He's gonna tear them to shreds and it's our fault!"
"DEAN!" Sam shouted grabbing his brother around the shoulders, the momentum causing the both to tumble to the ground. "Stop!"
"Actually, Maeve and I pretty much have everything covered." she said looking around. "But, if you want, there's a banner over there behind the couch. Sam, if you and Cas could hang that up for me and Dean, if you follow me I have a few hors d'oeuvres that I still need to set out."
I will be posting an epilogue tomorrow and then we have come to the end of our journey. thank you so much for reading. I never imagined it would get this far. I hope you all enjoyed it.
Aziraphale nodded his understanding. “You know he doesn't mean that, right? He's just angry with me right now. It is not a reflection of you in the least.”
Crowley grinned and turned to his angel with a shrug. " Well, I may have exaggerated a bit. Though the words weren't too kind, it was the energy he was giving off that was really frightening. Remind me never to get on Castiel's bad side."
Cas smiled and shook his head. “ I suppose, to an outside party, that would seem pretty 'messed up'.” Dean put his head back down on the angel's chest, letting the last bit of his laughter die down. Cas extinguished the light in his hand and wrapped his arms around the hunter, placing another tender kiss on top of his head. “I'm sorry I'd didn't tell you about this before, Dean.”
" Well, you're in Soho my dear boy," the man paused, his look of annoyance shifting quickly to worry "Oh, my! You appear to be injured! My apologies! I am so dreadfully sorry! How rude of me! Are you alright?!" Dean shook his head and groaned in response. The man reached out his hand to Dean to help him up off of the floor. "Well, come on then, up with you. How did this happen? Where are you hurt?"
Marie stopped what she was doing and pulled down her collar a bit to reveal the one below her clavicle before picking up the trays. "We all got one our senior year." She stated walking with the trays and giving two each to Maeve and Dean before picking up two of her own and shuffling the back into the foyer. "It was kind of a 'better safe than sorry' situation after we met you. Don't worry. None of us went off to become hunters or anything. It's just kinda hard to ignore what's out there once you know. We all take precautions."
Marie shrunk down and lowered her voice to the same level as Dean's. "Right. Sorry! I just can't believe I'm sitting here with a real life angel!"
"Yeah it is." Dean argued. "'Cause the last I heard, you…" he pointed at Bobby and looked around, starting to feel uneasy and suspicious, "you were in Heaven's lock up." Something wasn't right.
"I am not." He replied after another peck, none of the usual heat backing up his argument. "I'm a demon." Peck. " I'm vicious. And terrible." Peck. "I am the serpent of Eden. The master of deceit." Peck, peck, peck. " I am not soft."
"I'm aware." Sam said, peeved by the memory of stumbling upon the fanfiction written about him and Dean.
"Someone's gotta teach the guy about good music, alright?!" Dean said as he snatched the case and pulled the tape out one handed. "Everyone should know Zeppelin." He grumbled, popping the tape into the player.
"Damnit, Sam! We're not some fragile ass princesses you have to protect. I've been at this longer than you. I'm fine! I ain't just gonna sit around here twiddling my thumbs while everyone else is out risking their lives!" A few murmurs and stares are starting to float their way because of Dean's outburst. He was causing a scene, which is the last thing they needed.
The ride to Tadfield was mostly peaceful (aside from the stretch on M25, which was an absolute nightmare; according to Aziraphale, that was due to one of Crowley's more demonic acts) and they filled the time with idle chatter. Aziraphale talked about books that covered the subjects of time and space travel while Crowley shot down the angel's theories with his own. Dean piped up every now and then with a question he knew would get Crowley's goat but for the most part he stayed silent while he listened to the two of them go back and forth. It was calming to hear them speak to each other, no matter how heated the subject got, because Dean knew each word came from a place of love and affection. It reminded him vaguely of the times when he and Sam hit the road, before they knew anything about Chuck or the angels. Just two brothers off to save the world one monster at a time. He wondered if he would ever be able to get those times back. Care free and cocksure. It made him a little sad when he realized that those days were long gone.
"I know," Mary sniffled, forcing a smile. "I am so proud of you boys. John was too. You have been through so much and grown into such amazing men."
“Shut up!” Dean smiled, smacking Cas on the shoulder before moving to button his suit jacket. He was glad they had it tailored for this. It really showed off Cas's upper body. Especially, when it wasn't covered by that damn trench coat he loved so much. “ This is serious, okay?”
Hopefully I'll have everything posted ( should only be a chapter {possibly two short ones} and the  epilogue) before tomorrow night. So excited for this episode! 1 month is too long to wait
"Meg, how is this possible?" Sam asked bewildered as angels began dropping the others off around the two at a time. "What's going on? How are any of you alive?"
Shout out to the season 12 gag reel when Jensen told Misha he looked like a pedophile. One of my favorite outtakes.
Sam dug his the heals of his hands into his eye sockets, trying to make the rest of his face look sincere. “Don't get me wrong, man. I'm happy you two are finally together. It's been a long time coming.” He removed his hands and looked between the two of them. “ I just don't wanna know all the sordid details!”
Crowley bobbed his head side to side, a cocky grin plastered across his face. "As well you should, Angel." He laughed. Aziraphale scowled and dropped his hands, marching away in a huff. "Oh, come on! How couldn't you. I mean I think I'm rather charming, myself." He teased running after him. Aziraphale let out another huff and picked up his pace. "Angel! C'mon!"
“I only tried to shoot him because you told me to! Honestly, you make me sound like a monster.” Aziraphale pouted. “Besides, he's our only option right now.”
"Are you going to sit here brooding all day or are you going to let your mother kick your ass at some skeeball?"
Which is where his was now. Laying quietly, eyes squeezed shut, pretending that this wasn't what he would be doing, for the rest of forever.
So time is kinda wishy washy in SPN. The months and the years and the weird unexplained time gaps....its a lot. For the purpose of this fic, it's mid August, to mid September right now...for reasons....i needed fluff...so yeah...enjoy....
Dean paused and looked at the two creatures sitting across from him, listening intently. He wasn't aware of how long he had been talking, which was a little embarrassing. Crowley was sitting with his chin in his hand, his middle finger set across his lips trying to hide the smirk Dean could see playing on his face. Aziraphale was just smiling at him fondly, which made him even more uncomfortable. “Sorry.” He said, sucking his head down. “I'm pretty sure that's not what you wanted to hear.”
Sam flinched as he listened to various items fall on the other side of the wall that Dean punched, but he kept moving. Dean was on a warpath through the bunker and he had to catch up to him before he did (or said) something really stupid. "Dean!" He called after him again, not that it did any good. Dean just shook out his hand, letting the blood from his knuckles splatter across the floor, and kept walking. It's not like Sam didn't expect this kind of reaction. Dean does anger better than anyone he knows, and when he isn't ready to process any other emotion that may be plaguing him, that anger only intensifies. He hadn't even let Sam get passed "traded his life for Jack's" before he was out the door, face fire truck red, as he screamed obscenities through the halls. Sam narrowly dodged the chair Dean threw behind him as he turned another corner, trying to keep up with his brother’s pace.
"Nothing much." Sam shrugged, looking like he meant the complete opposite was true. "Got everything with the other hunters sorted out, so I have some downtime. You free to talk?"
"You are wrong!" Cas shouted over him. "Maybe that is true for us!" He said gesturing around the room with his blade before pointing over to Sam and Dean. "But them? They are special, they are unique. Are you so blind to your own creations that you can't see the beauty of a soul? I have traveled between the world's you have created; I have seen your copies and I can tell you that, no. Even the souls that you think you have made the same.... they're all different. Each and every one of them. You may have created them, but that does not give you the right to destroy them. Just because you have given up doesn't on them doesn't mean we will. You gave us something to love and protect, and I'll be damned if you think you can take that away."
Dean stood up as Adam scampered into the house and face the other pair with a smirk. “ How did you managed that?” Aziraphale asked, stunned.
“No!” Dean shouted, before he remembered that they weren't exactly alone in the bunker. He lowered his voice, keeping the same amount of rage behind his words. “How could you do that?! What did you expect was gonna happen if Jack came back and you didn't? That we'd just shrug it off and move on with our merry little lives!?”
"Almost." Cas said, slamming his fists on either side of Dean's head causing Dean to close is eye again as he was back to waiting for his impending doom. "You see, Dean," Cas snarled, so close Dean could feel the angel’s breath on his face, "I have learned a great deal, living amongst humans for so long. I have learned emotions such as joy, and pain. I have learned how to text, how to drive, how to live every day to the fullest, in case it is my last. I have learned the importance of food, and water, and rest. I have learned how to enjoy movies and music. And of all the things I learned, there is one thing I know, I will never be able to forgive you for."
Cas pulled Dean's hands from the back of his neck, holding them both down tight in one hand, using his other to place two fingers over Dean's lips. "Nevertheless," he smiled taking a step back. They'll be wondering where we are. Not to mention, they'll be hungry soon and since none of them are quite as adept at cooking as you are, they'll come looking for you regardless."  Dean just looked up at him with puppy dog eyes and kissed his fingers in response. "We have to leave here at some point." Cas pointed out, removing his fingers from Dean's lips and crossing his arms across his chest.
“I'll see what I can find about sending you home, but I won't make any promises.” Aziraphale replied.
That's when Dean snapped. He was about to lose control, the angel was driving him up the wall, and he had to make it stop. So he did the only thing he could think of as he grabbed Cas by the lapels and closed the distance between them.
Cas's body went limp under his arms as his eyes slipped close, his breathing becoming more and more ragged. "I'm sorry..." He whined..."I'm so... I'm sorry...I..." He stilled.
Dean looked down into his mug, searching at the bottom for an answer. "I uh....I didn't really get the chance to think about it last night."
Cas shifted on his feet looking down, trying to hide his amusement at the brothers' squabbling. "I thought it would be nice to visit the botanical gardens." He schooled his face into a look of mild disappointment before lifting his gaze. "However, I realized that it is still to cold to really enjoy such an environment."
"Yeah, well it did!" Sam sighed, running his hands through his hair. " Look, I don't know what you said to him, but whatever it was.... Cas has another deal. With the Empty."
"Well you best figure something out." Rowena piped up from behind the car. "You aren't the only person who's tired Dean. I can't keep going like this. A lady needs her sleep."
"I doubt he'll be willing to hear it." Crowley pushed back. "He certainly won't want to hear that dog comment. He said that he was done being your pet. I don't suppose that analogy would go over too well."
"Whatever floats your boat." She shrugged with a smile. She gave Dean one more warning glance before disappearing down the hall.
" Oh, c'mon, mom, we're sorry." Dean said between chuckles. "You don't gotta leave just yet. We'll stop."
Shit. So, it wasn't the kids. She was pissed at him too. "Claire, wait!" He grabbed her by the arm, but she quickly snatched it away.
He turned to see Bobby sitting next to him in a chair, outside the Roadhouse. "What memory is this? He asked, knowing it was pointless, but for the life of him he couldn't remember.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. "I don't think that's such a good idea mom."
Aziraphale purses his lips and nodded, then turned back to his book. “Yes, I suppose his love and devotion for your brother would make him quite the exception.” He said casually.
The air grew tight as she turned an icy gaze on the demon. "He told me I was nothing." She snapped. "When he locked me away, he gave me the same speech he gave Dean. He told me I didn't matter. That the world being born was more important than his ties to me. His own sister. We were all that was in the beginning and he threw me away! When I returned, he seemed changed; remorseful. But it was all lies. I would love nothing more than for him to destroy everything that came between us and go back to the way it was, but he won't. What is to stop him from starting over? What is to stop him from locking me away when I break his precious little toys, again?"
"Sam? Are you awake?" She asked, nudging him in the side with her foot. "I would know if you were dead, so you can stop pretending."
*Bloodfeather- some one who hurt you/ will hurt you, yet you still refuse to hate.someone you love even though they have hurt you.
"Now, I believe we have an apocalypse to prevent and a God to stop. We should find the other's and get to it. I do have a shop to run so time is of the essence." He nodded once, pulling at the bottom of his coat to straighten it out and marched out of the room.
"You were right. She was our best shot." Dean assured trying his best to keep him still, so he didn't hurt himself. "What happened wasn't your fault. None of it was your fault."
Jody had informed Dean's coworkers and friends that there would be a memorial party held at his favorite bar, but the family wanted a private service, as they were having him cremated. The bar party was fun, for what it was, people celebrating the life of the man they thought they knew, telling stories of Dean's antics around job sites and cracking Jokes about his standoffish behavior whenever women would approach him. He had told them that he spent too many years fooling around and just wanted to find someone to settle down with, and he knew that none of the women who hit on him in bars wanted that. He said he had based that assumption on experience, but anyone who knew him, really knew him, knew better. It was fun, none the less, celebrating the man Dean had become over the last few years.
"It's fine, Cas. It would be a waste of energy anyway. At least I can't smell it anymore." He replied with a weak smile.
“I'm terribly sorry, Dean.” Aziraphale said softly. “I can't begin to imagine what you're going through, but if you don't mind me asking why would you even want to go back? From what you've told us, it sounds like the only thing waiting for you is certain doom.”
“Why?” Sam scoffed. He had been sitting in the same spot as he had been when Cas had had his meltdown and flew off, staring at his family's initials carved into the corner of the old, wooden table. Even his family was part of Chuck's little game. He made sure that the Cupids got his parents together. Nothing in life had ever been their choice. “What's the point?”
"If I'm not evil then why did the Almighty choose to toss me out with the rest of the lot?" Crowley asked.
"Take those silly friends of yours for example." Crowley explained. "Do you honestly think Castiel would be half the angel he is had he not disobeyed Heaven's orders. That if he hadn't found Dean, he would still be willing to fight against the Almighty himself, to save all of humanity? No. It was that rebellious, hardheaded man who gave him the courage to do what was right, even when he was told it was wrong. Had he stayed in his ranks and done what he was told, they all would have been dead years ago. Maybe us too. And Dean? That man was bred to hunt everything that isn't human, anything that had power, and destroy it. His brother too. And look at them. They managed to save the world, all the worlds, fighting alongside werewolves, witches, angels, demons, and everything in between. Had they not gone against their training and made friends with such creatures, everything would be lost." He went silent for a few moments, the weight of his own words sinking in, before he spoke again. " Had I not found you all those years ago, had I not gone against the dark lord's wishes and befriended one of the very creatures who scorned us, I surely wouldn't have lasted this long. My life was hell before I met you, quite literally. And so was every moment after, whenever you weren't around. Even if it had been possible to manage what we have without breaking the rules, I wouldn't want it. Not if you weren't there by my side.
"Sorry." Patience said quietly, looking down at her lap shyly. "It's just.... Dean's thinking some things pretty loudly, and I thought Claire might find it amusing."
He rolled his eyes and leaned up against the wall trying to feign nonchalance. "Just curious, wouldn't want you ladies thinking less of me knowing what I've thought about women in the past."
"Traveling does make me peckish, and it's not like we had breakfast before we left…" Aziraphale whined
Seriously though check out the song "Bloodfeather" by Highly Suspect. It's amazing and kinda reminds me of these two
Jack stood by his bed, bag slung over his shoulder, as he stared in confusion at Castiel. This was it. The final peice of the puzzle. Billie  would be here any minute to collect him so they could retrieve the last of the supplies. Sam was on his way back from picking up Eileen. Dean would be back any minute with what he managed to get. Everything was set. They were going to kill God. It was the final chapter, and Castiel already knew his part of the story was coming to an end.
“ Typically,” Jack said “when a couple is in love for a very long time, which I assume the two of you have been, and they don't plan on being with anyone else, they get married.” He looked between the three of them, seemingly proud of his knowledge of human culture. “Are you getting married?”
Cas, handed back his menu as well, fixing Dean in a stern gaze. “ I'll just have the taco platter, thank you.”
Aziraphale stared at him with wild curiosity, as if he had a million questions, but he shook his head instead. "No, it's probably best to set that idea aside for now. Anything else?"
"I've a right to be." Crowley huffed. "I saw what was out there. I know how terrible it is, but we were able to manage. We got through, relatively unscathed. We fought those monsters for days and came back in one piece. It gave me a sort of, indestructible feeling. Then Dean and Castiel left for hardly more than an hour and when they returned...I don't think we can fight this, Angel."
She shrugged and walked over to his bed, sitting down on the edge looking down at the folded hands in her lap. “ He told me a little about you. Sam did. We're not that different you know? Stuck in world's, separate from our own, desperate to get back what we've lost.” She looked up at him, sadness and wisdom beyond her years playing behind her eyes. “I chose to come here. To run. I chose to get away from the monsters that haunted me in my world, to come to a place that I would be free of the things that plagued my nightmares. I had no idea that I would still be fighting for my life here too. The grass is not any greener than it was back home. Just... different. I was stripped of my defenses, and even though I gained some knowledge, new experiences, what I lost was so much more than I gained.”
He looked back over at Cas to see him looking down at the bee with a sad smile on his face. "Thank you, Dean. I love it."
Dean felt all the blood rush out of his body and his heart drop to his feet. That's why Cas waited till now to tell him. He waited for years for Dean to return his feelings, knowing it might never happen. He had that to ground him. And now Dean had finally pulled his head out of his ass, and he was happy. He knew the entity was coming for him, and he wanted Dean to know why. Cas was gonna die, again. It was all Dean's fault. Again.
Sam narrowed his eyes and looked over at Baby, before turning that glare on Dean. "You've been out here more times this month than you have in the last year. There's only so many times you can give a car a tune up before people start to get suspicious."
No. No, no, no! What was going on? Why were the alarms going off?! He didn't waste a second as he took off running towards the war room, Dean close at his heels, the sounds of the others screaming and fleeing in the opposite direction tearing through the halls almost as loud as the alarms themselves. He hadn't prepared them for an emergency in the bunker. He shouldn't have had to. They were supposed to be safe. He only hoped they were all smart enough to hide from whatever threat had managed to break in. He shouldn't have been surprised when he skidded to a stop inside the war room.
"No! No, no, no, no, please no!" Jack sobbed, trying desperately to hang on to the sleeves of Castiel's coat. "Dad!" He screamed just as Bille whisked them away.
Great. Guilt. He wasn't wrong. Dean knew Metatron had downloaded just about every book, movie and TV show that was worth it's spit into Cas's brain a few years ago, but that didn't stop him from jamming every piece of pop culture knowledge he had at his disposal down the angel's throat. He wanted Cas to have the experience, not just the knowledge. And he always took it in stride. Now, here he was, asking Dean to do the same, just once...." UGH! Fine, Cas! We'll watch the stupid play!"
"Don't give me that." Dean cut him off. "You know Jack brought everyone back. I know you've been ignoring her calls, I just don't know why."
Rowena turned a sympathetic smile towards him. “I have all the basic things here with me already. All I need is something that belonged to our poor, sweet Jack. Something he kept on him. It would hold enough of his energy to do the trick. “
Everyone, but the hunter and the angel, who sat unmoving, locked in each other's gaze, knowing that no matter what was going on in the world around them, they would always have each other. For now and forever, come heaven or hell. Until the end of time, there would always be Dean and Castiel.
But Cas....Cas was the worst. Dean was already wracked with guilt when it came to the guy. His nightmares kept coming, reminding Dean of everything Cas had lost because of him. The fact that he had moved from casual comments and pet names to suggestive winks  and lingering touches only made Dean feel worse. To top it all off Dean was starting to like the attention and that wouldn't fly.
"How would you be?" Sam snapped. Crowley sunk back into his chair and began twiddling his fingers. Sam sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "He's not great. Cas... Cas was family, ya know. We've lost so much family, lately and...I think he's mostly in denial. He keeps saying we gotta fight this, that we gotta win, and I just..."
“I'm just trying to figure out how, a seemingly powerless human, managed to get into your shop without your knowledge. It's not as if he could've slipped through the mail slot!”
Cas relaxes, marginally. There wasn't anything to fear, really. It's not like he could get any deader, but coming face to face with Death herself, well, that would set anyone on edge. "How am I awake right now? Jack and Gabriel? What is it that you want from us?"
Cas and Dean both started laughing as Mary pushed away from the table. " And... I think that's my cue." She said wiping her hands on her pants.
Crowley let out a deep sigh and bowed his head. " I suppose I better go explain myself before he has a hissy fit."
“I’m sorry man, but that's bullshit.” Sam argued. “Look at everything Dean and I have caused. Doesn't cancel out all the good we've done. Bad things happen. It doesn't give you the right to sulk about it forever.”
"I thought he had changed." Amara said weakly, her hands held out in front of her. "I thought he was different. He promised me that he was different, but he's still the same."
Sam let out a bitter scoff and pulled his hand back, squeezing both hands between his legs. "Yeah, Dean's always right, isn't he? Too bad he can't follow his own advice."
First and foremost, I want to take my usual time out to thank all of you for the love you have shown this beast. Y'all are my life blood!
That's what he got for trusting the Apocashit World hunters to look for cases. Sure, they seemed to be coming into their own as hunters, but they didn't seem to be able to tell the difference between a demon and a demigod when it came to case searching. They made it seem like the whole state of Michigan was in danger, not just one tiny suburb in, yet another, cookie-cutter town. He had taken Sam and Cas for back up, but they all agreed it was best for Jack to stay with Mary if the case proved to much for him to handle. None of them were willing to put their psuedoson in harm's way in his weakened state. But a salt and burn....Jack could handle that in his sleep.
"Sam, he could've come back at any point after meeting Benny. They only spent as much time as they did together, because Dean wanted to bring Castiel back with him. Even after everything he did. Don't you think that's a little…suspicious?"
After Dean and Cas had calmed down from their fit of laughter, the three men made their way through the party to bid the girls goodbye. They gave each of them their emergency numbers and told them to call in case anything ever happened that they couldn't handle. Siobhan told them to look out for a wedding invite ( via text of, course) while Kristen gave them each a massive bear hug. As they were heading out the door they made sure to thank Marie again for the invite and told her to text their numbers to Maggie as well. Dean had no plans to hop on a plane to Rome anytime soon, but he figured as long as the others had a way to contact them, she should too.
“Oh, thank you, Crowley!” The angel beamed “I truly owe you for this!” As soon as Aziraphale turned to face Dean, he could see Crowley scrunch up his face and mouth the angel's words back mockingly. He had to stifle a laugh. “Now, Dean, promise me you'll get a good night's rest and I will do my best to see about sending you back to your family, alright? There are plenty of books here.” He said glancing around the room. “Who knows what some of them might hold.” He smiled back at Dean and leaned in close to his shoulder. “And don't you worry about him. He more bark than bite, really. He really is good at heart.”
Dean huffed a small laugh and shook his head. "Yeah, Cas has a tendency to blame things like that on me." He smiled as he continued to watch.
The dungeon was a mess. The whole place was covered is glass and ashes but it was one of the happiest sights he had ever seen. Sam was on the floor in front of whoever was sitting in the chair in the middle of the room with his head down and his back towards Dean. He had to stop himself from running and scooping the Sasquatch up into a bear hug, instead, choosing to take slow, tentative steps. He could hardly believe it was real. He placed his hand on Sam's shoulder waiting for him to turn around before he spoke. “Heya, Sammy.” He chuckled, watching his brother's eyes practically bug out of his head. “Why the long face?”
He should be happy. Cas had been going crazy locked up like he was. He should be elated that his friend was able to get back out and fight the good fight, but he couldn't find it in himself to smile about it. At least when he was in his room, he was safe. He was here. Dean had almost lost his best friend, again. He had almost watched him die right in front of his eyes, again. He watched Cas put himself on the line for him, again. And now Cas was better. Fighting fit. Which meant, it was only a matter of time before he left to go fight a battle that was never really his. Again. Leaving Dean to wonder whether or not he would ever see him again. He knew it was selfish, but he wanted Cas to stay. Just this once. One time. As long as he was trapped in his room, he had no choice, but now...
"Jesus!" Dean jumped at the sound of Crowley's voice, slamming the fridge shut. "You're worse than Cas you know that?"
"Surprise?" Crowley said nervously to Aziraphale. The angel stared him down, disappointment and hurt taking over his face, and marched off towards the hall without another word.
"Ah, there's the wrathful and jealous warlord I came to know and love." Crowley said, putting a safe distance between himself and Cas. "And on that note, I suppose we should be off."
"But we did." Dean growled. "You got him back, and nothing happened. Not for a while, and not because we got him back. Right?!" Cas looked away again, squeezing his eys shut. "RIGHT?!"
"Oh, no." She whispered. She turned to Patience, who looked equally concerned. "Stay here. Keep working." She pulled off her heels and grabbed Dean by the arm." Where is he, love?"
"C'mon, Sammy! It won't be that bad." Dean chuckled "We'll make a night of it. Grab a few snacks on our way back, get all cozy in our jammies...just a couple of grown ass men and a crazy old angel having a good old-fashioned slumber party."
"Don't apologize." Dean laughed. "That was...fuck I don't even know the words to describe how good that was."
"Well, good job with that." Crowley scoffed. "You ever think that maybe, just possibly, the reason you got so upset about the idea of him dying is because..."
" It's really not all that it's cracked up to be, Cas." Sam said, trying to shake off the memory of Becky.
"I had to explain to your brother that the commotion that woke him was you having a particularly vivid nightmare that caused you to throw a pillow at your lamp." Cas said in a serious tone. "I told him not to worry, that I had the situation under control, and I was on my way to retrieve a new light bulb for you when we met in the hall. I sent him back to bed after he checked in to make sure you were okay. Not that he could see much in the dark, but the fact that you were sleeping peacefully seemed to satisfy him." Cas's eyes then moved to the hunters neck, and he reached his had out to heal him.
Over the next few days i plan on combing through this fic with a fine toothed comb to fix anything that missed my radar during my initial editing. other than that i might be working on a few other projects, but i dont plan on posting anything until i have a good majority of the done, to avoid another mishap like this...
He looked down at his hand and quickly removed it. "My apologies, Dean." He whispered back. " I found their relationship to be quite... beautiful."
"What do you think?!" Dean snapped at his brother. He wanted to rip Sam apart right now for even suggestion it. He knew it was a bad idea, but he couldn't find it in himself to even keep his head up, so instead he just curled in further on himself. "No, Sam. She's not helping us. This is what she wants to happen. She got pissed at me for even thinking she would go against God...and...and she took it all out on Cas. I don't even know how he got us out of there when he did. He couldn't even move after she got done with him. I don't know...he saved my ass again, man. I was a goner, and that stupid son of a bitch managed to pull my ass out of the fire again."
Sam took the opportunity, placing himself in front of Dean and shoving his arms out to stop him. "Dean, hold on, just hear me out!" The look he saw in Dean's eyes was terrifying, murderous. He hadn't seen that look since Dean was possessed by the Mark, and it was almost enough to give him pause, but he needed to tell his brother everything before things got worse.
Aziraphale began pulling Crowley back towards the rift, while Crowley just began to laugh at the chaos. Dean rushed to put himself in front of them holding his hands out in front of him. “Can y'all just calm the fuck down for a second and let me explain? I wouldn't even be here if it weren't for these guys okay?”
Cas looked down at the clothes in his hand and nodded. " Very well." He said, then he turned around and began to leave.
Petrichor. Cas once told him that is what the smell of rain is called. That was the smell that was filling his nose as he felt the angel's lips move firmly against his own. Petrichor and fresh soil and grass and wind and lighting and wood and honey and home. It was home. The feel of Cas's firm grip on his jaw, the strong, secure grasp of his hand on Dean’s waist, the sure, confident movements of his mouth, the sharp sting of his teeth against Dean's lower lip before being soothed by the slick warmth of his tongue. Cas was home. It was the strongest feeling swirling through the storm of emotions raging through Dean. Home. It wasn't until Cas moved away enough to let Dean breath, that what had just happened came crashing forward. "You absolute DICK!" Dean growled as soon as he caught his breath. A strange feeling of both anger and amusement flaring up inside of him that he wasn't entirely sure was his own.
"Oh?" Came the reply. Aziraphale could hear the smirk in his friend’s voice. " And what, pray tell, is this 'situation' that you can't handle on our own?"
"I don't want to leave my family." Jack said, from behind the wall of his surrogate fathers. " I'm not going to hurt anyone anymore. I don't want to hurt anyone."
"It's safest if I take it to the Empty with me." The Shadow said simply, leaning against its cane. "Even if he were to escape it, he would be stuck in the Empty and I'm the only thing that has any pull there. Since I have no desire for a sequel to this little debacle it seems like the best solution."
"You didn't though." The angel said firmly. "You may have created us, but we made life for ourselves!"
The demon's snake like eyes flicked briefly to the object in Cas's hands, his face wavering a bit, before meeting the angel's. "So, I've heard." Crowley nodded. He pushed himself off the door frame with his shoulder and sauntered into the room towards the bed, plopping down on the end with a bounce. He crossed one knee over the other and spread his hands across the comforter to straighten it out. "Dean told us all about how nasty this woman is." He paused, his face twitching in though as though he was trying to decipher what he should say next. " He's quite concerned that the both of you won't be making it back alive."
"It was a truly remarkable sight." Crowley agreed. "I underestimated you Castiel. Remind me never to meet you in a dark alley."
Amara was sitting at the bar in the back, completely unfazed by the rotting decay around her, a small paper clutched in one hand, a deep red drink (that suspiciously resembled blood) in the other, her face intently focused on the small screen above her. "Dean." She smiled, still looking at the screen, as she lifted the drink to get plush lips, her long black dress flowing with the gentle motion.
"Well I don’t know about you," Dean smirked as he pressed himself in behind Cas, draping his arms over his shoulders and placing a firm kiss on his cheek, "but I think Cas and I got some time to make up for so of you don't wanna be scarred for life…"
Sam let out a small laugh and shook his head. “Hate to be the one to break it to you, but the angels here have all rebelled at this point.”
Kristen and Siobhan stared up at Dean with tearful smiles. " That was beautiful!" Kristen sniffed. "And he's right, Bahn-Bahn. That is exactly how I feel about you!"
"Then let's go home." Aziraphale said. "We have the means, we know the spell. This place is dangerous Crowley. I want to help these people as much as you do, but not if it comes at the cost of our lives. These people, those monsters...we can't do anything. This is way over our heads. Please. Let's just go home. "
"Yeah, well that thing almost as old as you are!" Dean chuckled. "I'm surprised it made it this long."
She flipped back around to Sam, looking back and forth between him and the angel to read their expressions before slamming her fists back down. “Why did you bring me here then?” She screeched.
Cas sat up and gave Sam a challenging look. “You mean, aside from the fact that we don't even know if she shares the same gift as her counterpart from our world? Even if she did, perhaps you've forgotten that it took extraordinary effort from an arch Nephilim, that is no longer with us, to open that other rift and with terrible accuracy, I might add.” Sam opened his mouth to retort but Cas wasn't finished. “Besides...we couldn't ask her to do that....”
"Shut up." Sam said, causing Dean to sink back. "Just shut up. You, stupid son of a bitch." His voice was breaking and he looked like he was on the verge of tears. "Don't you ever, EVER do that to me again. I thought I'd lost you, Dean. For real this time. Do you have any idea what would've happened to you if you would've made it inside? Do you realize how selfish it was to just go off like that and leave me with all those people? Do you realize what it would have done to me to lose you? To Cas?"
Cas's smile slipped again, and he let out a pained sigh, squeezing his eyes shut. No, no, no, no, no! What did he say? Things were going so well! Why would that make him upset? "Dean...I..." Cas choked out. Then he stopped. His eyes shot open and sheer panic and fear overtook his features. His breathing became erratic and his body stiffened. "Run." He breathed out in a scared whisper. Dean stood, staring at him, confused. Frozen. What was happening, what the hell did he just do?! "Dean..." he hissed, his voice shaky and terrified. Were they still playing the game? What the..."RUN!!!"
"No, Sam's right, Dean." Cas's  voice was almost too quiet to hear. " I don't think this is something I wish to do. Saying such things feels...wrong...dishonest. They may work for you, but I don't  feel comfortable repeating such phrases. Sorry, I'm not as 'advanced' in the art of 'seduction' as you."
"I know." Jack said as Cas rocked him back and forth. "I love you too, dad." He squeezed Cas tight once before letting go and walking towards Gabe.
Castiel stiffened and squared his shoulders. He has done plenty of questionable things in his time on Earth...but to be compared to a demon? "Is that so?" He snarled.
Every misstep, every wrong turn, everything that cost him his life and, more importantly, the lives of others. How could they possibly assume Dean thought highly of him after learning about all the horrible things he had done? He was just probably trying to keep Cas calm, so he wouldn't harm his demon friend, who, quite frankly seemed like a hell of a whole lot better company than he was. "I don't think my intentions were as noble as Dean made them out to be. " He said solemnly.
"I said," Cas grunted before his eyes glowed bright as he shoved the blade, swinging it hard into the Shadow's stomach, "RUN!"
"Any time you need us, of course." Cas interrupted, wiping his hand on his borrowed pants after Dean licked it." You're disgusting!"
“Of course, if you don't mind, I would like for you to leave your sword behind with me tonight.” Aziraphale smiled. “I would very much like to study it. Who knows, it could be helpful in returning you home.”
"Hey," Dean said in a comforting voice. "I mean we may be ..lovers...or whatever... but that doesn't mean we don't care about each other." Dean placed his hand on Cas's shoulder as he spoke. "Cas here is my best friend. I'd do anything for the guy. I'd kill for him. I'd die for him. Hell, I've done both. I couldn't imagine a world without him in it." He smiled down at his friend and was met with a soft smile and return. "And I know he feels the same way. I don't know a whole lot about relationships, but I'm pretty sure you guys feel some of those same things about each other. And then some. So, see? It's really not too much different. just without all the mushy love bullshit on our end."
