That’s enough to get a wry smile from Cas. Not ideal, but he’ll take it. “I’m pretty sure they don’t even like
Their conversation turns to seething offense and petty squabbling as the party rounds the corner, disappearing around the hedge. Dean watches as Lucien steps indelicately into a patch of violets lining one of the stone benches set to the side, crushing the vibrant blooms underfoot as he goes.
“I didn’t tell them.”
“Not today, I’m afraid.” Castiel sounds genuinely regretful, though he doesn’t look at Dean as he says it. He clears his throat. “I doubt I’d have the time to give them the attention they deserve. Perhaps tomorrow?”
It’s almost creepy, how Cas knows what he’s thinking sometimes. “I don’t mind. Really. Besides, you’re gonna be gone almost all of next week.”
Deserted as it is at this hour, the servants’ passage from Castiel’s room serves as the perfect escape for Dean to take a brief moment and gather himself. He leans his forehead against the thick fabric and takes a moment to breathe, suppressing the urge to take out his inner turmoil on the door itself.
Cas’s expression is so earnest. And sure, he
“Well, everyone else had a much shorter drive,” Cas points out, but nobody seems to be listening.
Finally she gets the hint and her smile loses its hint of interest. “Still was nice of you to come along. Let any of us know if you need anything, alright?”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Here, out of everywhere on the property? Tell the truth.”
After Dean introduces himself, he and Kelly stand off to the side making small talk about the weather and the holiday traffic while Jack talks Cas’s ear off about the snowmen and snow angels he made earlier in the day. The kid
That morning, despite his cousins’ best efforts to persuade him to accompany them in fishing on the largest lake on the property, he begs off and heads in the opposite direction. Midafternoon finds him slipping away from their visitors to ride beyond the edges of the manicured lawn and outlying orchards into the wilderness surrounding the estate, managed in such a way that it looked like nobody has ever interfered with the natural state of the trees and hedges that grow abundant there. He’s more aware than most of the careful upkeep required to maintain the appearance of untamed nature. Even knowing the truth behind the facade, the sense of stealing away into the unknown still sends a thrill down his spine, although that perhaps has more to do with his destination than his successful escape.
With one more muttered “excuse me,” Cas is back at Dean’s side, standing just slightly closer than appropriate.
Dean laughs and throws an arm around Charlie’s shoulders. “Thanks, Charlie. You’re the best.”
“Dean,” he says, and returns the skeins to the shelf so he has a free hand to offer. He realizes too late what he’s done, but Castiel’s already shaking his hand with a faintly amused smile, so he figures he isn’t being judged too hard. “So if you’re the expert, which one of these do you think would be the best?”
“Hey-”
as much as they like her, so don’t feel too bad about it.”
Dean very carefully doesn’t think about how Cas doesn’t like to talk about the circumstances surrounding his time with Crowley, or what happened that made them lose contact. “They, uh. They seem like a nice bunch, actually.”
His mother just appears amused by the entire proceedings, and resumes greeting her brother with fondness. Though Castiel bears great affection for his siblings, he still cannot fathom wanting so badly to see them only weeks after returning from town, where he’s told Lord Charles dined nearly nightly with his mother. She returned only a little more than a month ago — surely she cannot have truly begun to miss their company. Yet Lady Amara doesn’t look anything other than glad to see the entire family, welcoming them into their home with no apparent sign of the apprehension Castiel feels at having his space invaded.
The last loop of fabric around his neck slips free under Dean’s careful ministrations, finally allowing him access to the hollow of Castiel’s throat, right between the edges of the stiff starched collar brushing his jaw. He takes immediate advantage, scraping his teeth over the delicate skin there, determined to take both their minds off anything that could ruin their limited hours together.
They’re swinging north not long after crossing into Indiana when Cas squeezes Dean’s hand where it sits on the seat between them. “I need to tell you something else about my family.”
“As much as you do, huh?”
One leather glove drops to the ground.
Castiel’s hand tightens on his. “I have restrained myself the past four years, only asking for flowers from the gardens when I thought you might be spared from an excess of work if I stole you away for a few hours. If I could have asked for your time every day, I would have. There is nothing I want more than to avoid ever having to bargain for your time ever again.” He looks away, then turns his gaze back to Dean’s. “I spoke with my mother after you left.”
Dean’s face goes terribly, carefully blank. “What did you say?” he asks, voice soft.
“Could be. In the meantime, I suggest you learn to ignore them. If they decide to burn the gardens down,
“Oh, the look on your face made that
Cas clears his throat. “That’s - good. Good for him.”
To hell with any duties planned for the day. There’s only one place Dean wants to be right now.
One month turns into two, and Emma keeps knitting in her spare time. Dean credits the length of time she sticks with it to babysitting Jack once a week - Castiel doesn’t have a television in the house, because of course he doesn’t, so that leaves her with nothing to keep her occupied after Jack goes to bed but to keep up with her latest hobby. Throw in a little bit of patient instruction from Cas when she reaches a roadblock in her current project, and her interest lasts much longer than Dean expected.
He knows that Dean’s duties have only picked up in the past year since Mr. Singer singled him out to train as his replacement, and to see him finally getting to rest in the way he deserves stirs a tender feeling in his chest. Although he can imagine the complaints Dean would make if he were awake, he still allows himself to linger over the sight for a few moments longer. He’s quite certain he would give up rather a lot more than Dean realizes if he were allowed to have this daily.
“We’ll be needing one more chair,” Anna tells the hostess when he sees their table. Dean pauses as he draws even with one of the chairs, casting a quick, confused glance over their group.
Dean stands outside for another minute after he hangs up and tucks his phone back into his pocket, watching his breath plume into the air and listening to the muffled sounds of conversation inside. The scuff of shoes on brick brings him back to himself, looking to the side to see someone step out from the shadow of one of the columns, glass in hand.
“You’re still gonna make it up to me later,” he says firmly, and Cas nods his agreement. “But hey, I still get to spend the holiday with you. Guarantee that’s better than spending most of a week stuck with Sam’s dog for company.”
She shakes her head and flashes Cas probably the most genuine smile that Dean’s seen since he got here. “Don’t worry about it. Glad you got in alright.”
“Well, you live with your hot boyfriend in Kansas, so that kind of puts a damper on working in Detroit,” Dean says, tipping his glass in Cas’s direction in a silent offer. Cas shakes his head at the question, but his hand moves toward Dean’s -
Cas and Gabriel’s hushed conversation cuts off as they turn in unison to look at him from the sink. Cas only pauses briefly before turning back to deposit the last of the glasses into the dishwasher.
“Thanks for making the time for this. I know it’s not your favorite.”
attend.”
At least he knows they’re called skeins. He
The uncomfortable twist that has been present in Castiel's chest since his cousins’ arrival does not unwind until he reaches the outer edge of the meadow that has served as his sanctuary for years.
Dean doesn’t want to point out that it doesn’t help if Castiel introduces himself to anyone who says more than two words to him in passing, either. “Well,
He might have imagined this particular scenario more than once since they began courting. Primarily as a fantasy, not anything he might have truly thought might be possible; however, his cousins’ insistence on finding a suitable match in the week leading up to the ball made him realize that if he did not make his choice known, the opportunity might be taken from him.
“Come with me, meet my family. I hate the idea of you being alone for Christmas.”
It’s a perfectly nice guest room, no trace of its usual occupant in sight. Dean sets his duffel down at the foot of the bed and turns to find Anna still there. “Thanks again. Appreciate you all hosting me on such short notice.”
Their presence is already disrupting Castiel’s carefully curated routine. Every few days, whenever Dean has time to spare during the course of his daily duties, he leaves flowers in Castiel’s study; if Castiel is able to meet with him, he places them in a vase on his desk, near the window overlooking the gardens. More dear to Castiel than anything else are the single roses that Dean leaves on days when he is too busy to create an arrangement to his own standards but nevertheless wishes to spend what precious time he does have with Castiel.
“Gotta say, I was expecting a secret ingredient or something. Seems like the same gas pump I’m allowed to operate in every other state.”
Dean takes his exile from the gardener’s shed in stride, swinging by the kitchens to swipe a quick midday meal. The gardens he just set right, the orchards can stand to go another few days more before he checks on them again, and keeping the outer edges of the property looking as wildly untamed as it does takes only very selective maintenance.
Dean manages to catch his laugh and turn it into a cough, thinking of one of their masters in particular. “Sensible. As you say.”
“Yeah, well, don’t have too much fun at your boring party.”
“I know Cas sometimes feels a little like an outsider at these big family events, so it’s really nice of you to come along with him so he has a friend here.” It’s only when Anna smiles at him that Dean realizes she’s standing
Only to drop in an aborted motion as someone behind them says “Cas!” too close for comfort. They both turn and see Hannah and three others Dean doesn’t recognize.
?” Dean steals the first periodical off the top of the stack and flips through. As master gardener, reading this sort of thing usually falls to Mr. Singer, but Dean can’t deny his curiosity about the colorfully illustrated pages. Besides, if Mr. Singer is planning to retire within the next few years as he’s hinted before, Dean has a nagging suspicion that he's under consideration for the job. It’s only smart to be prepared, even if he doubts his own suitability for it.
Cas’s fingers are twined with Dean’s on the seat between them, and that doesn’t hurt either. It’s worth keeping the Impala at a snail’s pace as they drive down the street to take in the light displays - Cas’s idea, but one that Dean is warming to, especially since they’re tucked into a familiar leather interior rather than freezing solid by walking the route outside.
“We’re not allowed to use the top-secret gas pumps if the customer is out of the car,” Castiel explains, perfectly straight-faced. “Looks like your car survived someone going within ten feet of her.”
“Of course. Because you’ve spent so much time in the same social circles as the Shurleys.”
Dean knows it’s the truth, but he catches the exchanged look of incredulity between Gabriel and Lucien. As if nobody could possibly find that the cost of the social currency involved far outweighs any benefits.
“That really sucks, Dean, I’m sorry.”
“What, and your mother handles everything herself?”
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s kind of nice to hear it, even if Sam’s being sappy as ever. “Yeah, yeah. Enough about me and Cas - how’s it going with Eileen’s family? They figured out you’re a complete nerd and she’s too cool for you yet?”
Castiel is certain he has never felt so deliriously happy as this.
Castiel sighs. “They keep asking me my opinions on various arrangements for the ball, and no matter how many times I tell them I have no particular opinion to give, they seem incapable of taking me at my word. What do I care for the musical selection, or the refreshments? They know I have never had any particular enjoyment of balls, or any social event, for that manner.”
, it reads. Curious clerk on a smoke break, he guesses. His baby attracts her fair share of attention wherever she goes.
Castiel recognizes the token protest for what it is. “Then I’ll grow more,” he says, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. “One each day shouldn’t be enough to deplete the hedges, but even if it did, they’re all for you, regardless. I have quite a number of years worth of flowers to catch up on before I’ve gifted as many as you have.”
Cas only has a second to tilt his head before Dean tosses him one of the foil-wrapped packages sitting on the bench seat. Some of the warmth must be seeping through the wrapper, because Cas’s face immediately lights up as he unwraps the foil with gloved fingers. The groan he lets out oughta be illegal.
The trimmed stem in his hand can barely support the weight of the blooming rose perched at its end. It wobbles dangerously as Castiel pulls it out from behind his back, and Dean leans forward to support it and take a deep sniff. He rolls it between his fingers as he lazily watches Castiel strip his soiled outer layers off, down to his underclothes, and rinse his hands in the washbasin before slipping in behind him. As enamored as Dean always seems of the feathers stuffing their bed and pillows, he always says he prefers Castiel as a pillow to anything else.
Cas makes a thoughtful noise as he starts the nozzle. “How much closer are you thinking?” he says, face inscrutable.
“Have you not considered that it could be from having to see your face on a daily basis?”
Cas turns that smile towards Dean, now with a teasing edge to it. “What, are you admitting you’re going to miss me?”
His brother looks at him for a long minute. “Did something happen? You don’t seem yourself.”
Far more pleasant, indeed.
Castiel endures their introductions and tour of the estate the first day with rather more composure than he feels at having his peace disturbed, and congratulates himself on a job well done. He does not outwardly grimace more than twice — a great accomplishment, in his opinion. Especially after Lucien traps him in conversation in an unoccupied stairwell for the better part of an hour. Castiel only escapes at the sounding of the bell summoning everyone to supper, and isn’t quite sure if he should consider the ensuing conversation over the meal an improvement or not.
“He doesn’t. To be fair, I don’t, either.”
He copies Cas’s carelessly scrawled number into his contacts list in the parking lot of a rest area just outside Pittsburgh and sends him a picture of his hand on the nozzle as he fills up the gas tank while he’s at it.
So now he’s got a working vacation from his regular job at Bobby and Ellen’s contracting firm, but hey, he hasn’t seen Sam and Eileen in long enough that he isn’t too picky about it. Not that he’s going to let them pay him his normal fee for his labor like they offered, but it’s the thought that counts. It’s almost enough to make up for the fact that he had to battle with Philly rush hour traffic when he’s already exhausted at the end of a long trip.
“You say that now. Wait til you meet them,” Cas says, voice dry, and the roar of the engine as they pull back onto the road drowns out Dean’s laughter.
For now, what he has in hand will do.
close. “Especially if you had someone else you were going to spend the holiday with…?”
Dean watches as Cas cuts through the crowd as unobtrusively as possible in a gathering this size, heading his way.
True to his word, Dean keeps his hands well away from the actual pump, instead flipping up the plate and opening the revealed cap so that Castiel can guide the nozzle into the tank. There’s an audible clunk as he fully seats it, and then the rushing sound of gasoline pouring in starts up.
The clatter of heels against stone signals the approach of the lady of the house, and Dean hurries to get one last stray piece of straw out of his charge’s mane before they all round the corner. Lady Amara leads the gaggle of her children as always, confidently approaching her favorite stallion. Her white gloves smooth over his glossy neck before she turns her attention to her staff.
“Oh, at minimum,” Gabriel says under his breath. When Castiel looks curiously in his direction, Gabriel winks at him. Castiel isn’t sure if he’s supposed to know what that means.
“I’ll just wait til he’s back. You mind if I stay here, or do you want me to pull into a space?”
could’ve handled this better, but if there’s one thing he knows about Cas, it’s that he’s the master of good intentions. Besides, it’s not like Dean isn’t familiar with having a complicated relationship with family.
.” Castiel doesn’t mind how petulant he sounds, not when it provokes such lovely laughter from Dean. His frown softens, and he reaches out to brush his thumb over Dean’s cheek. “I wish that you could attend. With me.”
well-stocked bar, he wanders the edges of the room, inspecting the elaborate ornaments adorning each tree. Handmade, he’s willing to bet, and expensive as hell. No interesting gossip to eavesdrop on, to his dismay, but the night’s early.
Dean swallows. “Been looking pretty much everywhere between here and the shore. Seems like there’s a couple areas around here with room on the market for someone with my background, and I know Jo’s been angling to step into a leadership role back at work. Bobby and Ellen might not like me moving away, but they’ll manage just fine without me.”
He thought he would only be required to help with the preparations — he wouldn’t trust anyone other than himself or Mr. Singer to select the floral arrangements littering the room, after all — but he volunteered gamely enough to manage the influx of carriages that would arrive with more guests than the estate typically saw in six months or more when it became apparent that even additional staff couldn’t handle the additional work. As it turned out, Mr. Singer had a similar idea of preferring to deal with the horses and coachmen rather than the guests, so at least his misery has company.
Dean might not exactly be in his element, but at least he’s on a more level playing field than at the restaurant. Everyone’s relaxed and in a good mood again, there aren’t any exes around to soak up all the attention - by the time everyone disperses, Dean feels as if he’s made some progress with Anna. She might not be as enthusiastic talking with Dean as she clearly was talking with Hannah, but she’s genuinely warm and welcoming to this stranger crashing her family holiday, and the conversation flows easily for the remainder of the evening. It’s easy to see why she’s Cas’s favorite sibling.
“Educated-” Dean cuts himself off before he stick his foot in his mouth any further, and hands over his rewards card so Steve can run it. “Well, Steve, here’s the thing-”
As soon as he gets off the Whitman and takes the exit that’ll bring him to Sam’s slice of suburban paradise, he’s on the lookout for a gas station. After passing a dozen overcrowded Wawas in a row, he’s about to give up on being able to find a Gas-N-Sip and being able to use his rewards points when he finally spots one on the next block. Dean makes the turn with a relieved glance at the fuel gauge.
, he’s gonna have a long dinner to sit through.
“What? It’s an engaging story.”
“Who let you out of the library, anyway?” he asks distractedly.
“You forget they’ll be enlisting all of us for our help the night of that ball,” Benny reminds him, and laughs at the sigh Dean heaves in response. “We’ll all suffer the visitors equally, I have no doubt.”
The basket on the man’s arm seems to answer the question of whether he just accosted someone trying to do his own shopping for him, but the man waves off the apology. “No, just a frequent customer. Happy to help a beginner out, even if it’s by proxy. I’m Castiel.”
He waits patiently while Alfred pats his gelding’s neck with great affection, then resumes their path to the mounting block. Once Alfred swings his leg over the gelding’s back, Dean passes him the reins and steps out of the way to allow him to direct his mount towards the front of the stableyard. The dull clip of hooves on stone fades as he turns his attention away to his next task.
Dean’s eyes flicker away from his. Only for a moment, but enough that Castiel can tell he should tread carefully. “You don’t mean that, Cas,” he says softly.
side. Something Sam failed to mention when he asked if Dean would mind visiting to lend an extra hand on some home improvement projects around their new fixer-upper.
“Oooookay then.”
“You should take this seriously, Castiel,” Raphael says sternly.
The problem, of course, is that their guests are planning to remain for at least another fortnight. Possibly longer, if they find the country to their liking.
Out of habit, Dean almost denies it, then thinks again. If things are done with Castiel, he may not need to bother with continuing to keep it a secret, not from his brother. “It’s not a something. It’s a someone.”
“Of course, my lady,” Benny says easily. He gestures for her to move forward and leads the horse away so she can mount up, doing so in a single smooth motion. She nudges the stallion forward, eager as ever to get moving, waiting for her children to catch up.
It seems his poor mood is more than obvious to those who know him. Mr. Singer takes one look at him as he enters and narrows his eyes in his direction. “What’s got you in such a foul mood?”
In his defense, he was still rather distracted from the sight of the freckles on Dean’s back as he bathed in the small tub. Not that he didn’t mean his proposal — far from it, rather the opposite — but he perhaps had thought to build up to it a little more, get a sense for Dean’s feelings on the subject prior to broaching it.
Meanwhile, Dean’s stomach just about hits the floor. For a second he thought he’d somehow forgotten another relative, she looks so similar to Cas. But there’s only one Hannah that Cas has ever mentioned, and if she’s here and Cas’s siblings are looking between them like
Lady Amara may have kept the estate so financially healthy through careful management and relatively few indulgences, but on the rare occasions that she does decide to host an event, she spares no expense.
“As you wish, my lord. Is there anything else you require?” he asks blandly.
But Dean is already shaking his head and backing away, expression carefully shuttered as he throws on the nearest shirt to hand. Before Castiel can say anything further, he’s gone. He vanishes behind the door as quickly as he arrived.
Michael’s speech starts with the usual platitudes. A new era for the company, expansion into other sectors allowing a new level of innovation, a lot of big buzzwords that ultimately mean nothing. Dean’s too busy scanning the crowd to fully listen until his eyes finally catch on Cas at the far side of the room.
“Hey, don’t say it like that. There’s some big fuss with the family business right now that’s nearly wrapped up, and he’s gonna break the news after that. Shouldn’t be too long after the holidays.”
, I’m Dean, and this car’s my baby. Now that we’re all up to speed, let me show you how to treat her right, okay?”
carefully ensured kept away from the closed door separating the bedroom and dressing room while filling the small tub — immediately jolts Dean to full wakefulness. He bounds out of bed and rushes through his morning hygiene before nearly folding himself in half to fit into the tub, sinking into the hot water with a satisfied sigh. Looking over his shoulder, Dean asks, “Are you going to sit over there, or are you going to join me?”
Sounding somewhat hoarse, Cas says, “It appears I have wronged you in two ways above all others, for which I need to apologize before anything else. First, that I may have given any appearance of desiring anything related to spending the season in town, or anything else that would require taking my leave of you. And second, regardless of whether I did have any level of interest in these other pursuits, that there is anything else I would assign a higher priority than you. I only wish to make you as happy as you have made me from the very day we met.”
“All to see me?” Dean hums and casts a glance over Castiel, smoothing over the front of his jacket. “You’ve earned a reward for your persistence, if nothing else.”
“Cas?” Dean looks around and then flops back onto the pillows, grinning. Castiel shamelessly watches as he indulges in a lazy stretch. “I could get used to this.”
“That’s not necessarily a bad thing,” Castiel says mildly. “I can tell she means a lot to you, and not just for how much you paid for her. Unlike the few others that have stopped here before.”
“You know how nice Sam’s fancy lawyer McMansion is. Me and the mutt are living it up. How are things there? Figured out the right moment to pop the question yet?”
He saunters off, leaving Dean wondering what the hell that meant. He turns to Cas, eyebrows raised.
“Whoa, whoa, hey! Nobody touches my car but me.” No way he’s letting some random guy fumble his way around the gas cap. At least Steve’s already stepped well away from the driver’s side door, so he’s free to swing it wide open and follow him over to the pump.
Dean steps away in one smooth motion, putting distance between them as if nothing ever happened. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Castiel tug his riding gloves over his hands in quick, precise motions, until the pale skin of his hands disappears beneath black leather.
Nearly breathless with it, Castiel continues, “Marry me, and we can spend uninterrupted time together whenever we wish. I’ve missed you desperately these past weeks, and I do not care to be parted from you again.”
“That’s a strong word, Cas.” The nickname rolls off his tongue, catching him by surprise. Even Castiel blinks and tilts his head to the side. He doesn’t object, though, even when Dean gets out of the car. “But I thought I might keep you company out here. You know, just to make sure you’ve got it handled.”
A brief silence settles between them, broken only by the faint music still playing in the background. Dean searches for something to say, trying to avoid any awkward silence now that he’s gotten himself into this mess. “What about you? You get a lot of out-of-towners weirded out by the no-pumping thing?”
“And you’re wearing them for a reason, kiddo,” Kelly reminds him. To his credit, Jack doesn’t pout too much when Cas sets him down and his mom ushers him up the stairs after what Dean suspects is a second round of goodnights to everyone.
“Yeah, like I’m gonna make you take the bus instead of letting you get properly acquainted with my baby.” Dean climbs into the driver’s seat, and Cas follows his lead, tucking himself into the passenger side.
“I hoped I might find you here,” Castiel says, voice roughened in a way only Dean gets to hear.
Only a short moment after he realizes his luck in avoiding most of the household through his route, he turns a corner and sees his brother, looking as brightly alert as ever, heading down the hall towards him. He mutters a curse and turns on his heel, heading the way he came.
“I’d like that.”
, everyone starts wrapping everything up and heading back out to the front of the restaurant. Hannah gracefully turns down an invitation from Michael for drinks back at the house and splits off, heading out in front of all the rest of them.
Another cramped car ride and a tree delivery later, there’s a bare tree in the living room that would be brushing the ceiling if it wasn’t vaulted. As it stands, it’s tall enough that when Michael drafts Cas into bringing out the ornaments, Dean waits for them to grab a stepladder too.
Castiel lets himself be directed, settling back against the pillows stacked high against the headboard only a moment before Dean climbs into his lap, strong thighs bracketing his own before his mouth finds Castiel’s. Though Castiel can’t find it in himself to complain, there’s a desperate edge to Dean’s kisses that isn’t usually present.
Michael hums. Somehow it manages to sound disapproving. “His mother didn’t mention he was visiting. He certainly hasn’t been back the last several years.”
The man kindly doesn’t mention the length of time it took him to string together a basic sentence. “First time here?” he asks, clearly recognizing how overwhelmed he feels.
The downstairs is conspicuously quiet, although it’s long past the time that Dean typically arrives home. A quick glance around the sitting rooms and kitchen confirms his initial impression, leaving one likely outcome.
But Crowley’s watching him with a knowing smirk. “Just that - as someone who’s been there before - I hope
“Do you see anyone else having a crisis in a supply cupboard? He proposed to me, you idiot.”
He’s had this conversation a million times - mostly Bobby and Ellen giving him shit for it, not as his bosses, but as the closest thing he has to parents anymore - but Castiel doesn’t sound judgmental, just curious. “Hey, you can take my baby’s keys away from me when I’m dead. Until then, ain’t nothing that can keep me away from her.”
So Castiel set the flowers on the table beside his bed instead of on the windowsill facing the gardens as he wished. Occupying his rare moments alone at his writing desk in front of the window afforded him as much of a view as he could hope for, looking out over the gardens and the staff who occasionally passed through them.
The frown turns to confusion. He waits a moment, as if expecting Dean to suddenly return to his normal self and declare the entire thing a joke. He doesn’t, though, and Sam’s face becomes more concerned. “I haven’t had occasion to hear that nickname in many years,” he says.
“The beaches. People like the beaches, too,” Cas points out.
Dean winces, just as much for accidentally stumbling onto a difficult topic as the memory of parenting a kid that age without any backup. “Hard to get a break?”
on it. Dean thumbs at it with a faint laugh, and it’s only when Cas follows the motion of his hand and then looks back up at him that Dean realizes how close he’s gotten to him. “See you soon, Cas.”
“Yeah, you could say that. I didn’t even know they had entire stores for yarn, if I’m being honest - last trip I made was to one of the chain craft stores, and all I heard about afterwards was how quickly their beginner needles broke. Picked up a sturdier pair last week, but apparently I still haven’t earned any slack.”
How fortunate that it’s only a matter of a few minutes to walk there from their cottage.
Mr. Singer has always been far too shrewd for his own good. Dean simply shrugs. “What can I say? I must have a special touch.”
“Oh, so now I’m the sad roommate with no family to speak of, huh?” Dean huffs out an annoyed breath and looks away. He takes a minute to compose himself before he speaks again. “I wish you’d told me. Or told them, either one would’ve worked.”
“Did you see our cousin skulking around in the corners earlier? No surprise that he’s had such difficulty finding a suitable match. He practically ran away from Lady Hannah when she suggested he might offer to dance with her so that she had a partner for the next round.” Dean would recognize Lord Gabriel’s grating voice anywhere, even without the ever-present amusement coloring it heavily. None of the other cousins would dare be heard in such fine humor.
Cas says, “Oh, I can almost guarantee tomorrow night will be worse. An opportunity for Michael to solidify his business connections with his soon-to-be business partners? At the most stuck-up country club in the state? Everyone’s going to have to play at being one big happy family to help Michael out.”
“Well, if you want something blue, either of these should do the trick.” Castiel points out a couple of options at about eye level on the shelf in front of him. One’s more teal than a true blue, while the other is a deep navy color. Neither of them look as soft as the stuff he’s currently holding, but Castiel seems trustworthy enough, so there must be a reason for his choices.
Dean still can’t believe that Castiel has no regrets or reservations about asking him, even to the point of divesting from his inheritance. He supposes if Castiel can be so sure about it, he can, too. He isn’t selfless enough to deny him a second time when it’s exactly what he wishes as well. “I will,” he finally says, and cannot suppress the grin that appears to match Castiel’s.
Even if he is bizarrely attached to the library. At least there’s someone as perturbed as he is by their guests. “Come with me,” Dean says, clapping Sam on the back and steering him out the door nearest to the gardener’s shed. “If you’re willing to share with an old grouch, I think there’s some free space available for you.”
“Way to sell it, Cas.”
In the meantime, they will both have to suffer through the ball. He can imagine how the experience would be improved with Dean by his side: instead of lurking in the corner, studiously avoiding every attempt to entice him to dance and attracting attention for maintaining a distance from those who viewed him only as an appealing would-be suitor, he could share his honest opinion of the ball and those attending. He’s certain he would enjoy hearing Dean’s insights into the peculiar behavior of the other guests. He might even be persuaded to join in some of the dancing, if he had someone as tempting as Dean on his arm.
Her nephews, on the other hand, are another story.
Being out here, away from the noise and chaos, he feels the long-held tension that has taken up residence in the center of his chest for the past week begin to unwind. Though he suspects the reason is just as much due to the company as the opportunity to escape from the smothering presence of his cousins.
Dean spends another few minutes outside after Crowley leaves, gathering his shaken nerves before heading back inside. Looks like he’s just in time - Michael’s rapidly approaching the podium set up at one side of the ballroom, flanked by two of his soon-to-be partners.
“You remembered the everything bagel,” Cas says around a mouthful of his pork roll egg and cheese sandwich as Dean sets up next to him, leaning against the trunk of the Impala, the nozzle chugging away in the space between them.
“He just proposed.”
as Dean does. Not exactly what Dean expected, when he unselfconsciously befriended the quiet young lord between tutoring sessions as a child, but more precious to him than nearly anything else in the world. Dean thanks his stars daily that Lady Amara’s kindness allowed the children of the estate’s workers to join in on her own children’s schooling, or else Castiel might never have spared him a second glance.
“Michael’s business partners wanted the best to iron out all the details on their new merger. That means me.” Crowley shrugs and downs the rest of his whiskey. “I’m sure it was a nasty surprise for Michael to find out they’d flown me in for it, but I wasn’t exactly looking forward to heading home for the holidays, either. Even if it’s only on business.”
“You look a little lost.”
“You don’t need a fill?” he asks, looking back at the pump.
Her mouth clicks shut when Dean opens the door to a tastefully understated storefront with only a few pieces of jewelry on display in the window. She slants an assessing look at him. “So, not buttering me up to invest in your paranormal investigations startup, huh?”
After a coolly polite breakfast - more brunch than anything, given the time of morning - where Dean utterly fails at engaging Michael in a friendly conversation, everyone gets packed into two cars. Dean tries to get a word in edgewise for allowing him to drive one of the groups, but Cas’s siblings take one look at the Impala and immediately nix that based on a lack of modern safety features. Instead, Dean finds himself bundled into the backseat of a minivan despite his protests.
He manages to survive until after luncheon on the second day with his mother serving as a buffer for conversation. Unfortunately, with the departure of his mother and sister to their upstairs parlor with his aunt, his protection comes to an end.
showed up for once, including Jack’s dad.”
As if Dean could forget. The picture of Cas and his nephew fast asleep on one of the rocking chairs on the front porch of their hotel on Mackinac Island graced his phone’s lock screen for months afterwards. “Yeah, it was a big deal because
Cas fidgets on the seat beside him. Not that Cas
The delicate joints of Dean’s fingers flex minutely as his fist tightens in the fabric of the bedsheets. “After all the years of — of
Dean begins sketching out the fantastical elements of the plot that have kept him so entertained while Castiel settles in behind him, content to just listen. Even with countless moments like this ahead of them, he cherishes each one as much as when their time together was rare as the roses Dean brought him.
Cas slants a small, private smile up at him, and Dean thinks he wouldn’t change a thing right now.
Even with the rough bark digging into his back through the thin fabric of the shirt he wears, it’s the best he’s felt all day. The itch that appears between his shoulders every time he has to interact with Castiel in front of others vanishes entirely. They might be all too accustomed to acting a certain way around each other in public, after years of keeping their relationship in the strictest of confidence, but it doesn’t mean Dean’s grown any happier with its necessity over the years.
“So you didn’t stay behind to begin taking over management of part of the estate’s workings?” Lord Charles frowns, as if unable to imagine why else Castiel might not enjoy taking up occupancy in a townhome in the middle of the dirtiest, most crowded place he’s ever had the misfortune of visiting.
“Truly, I don’t understand how you could miss out on all the entertainment,” Raphael says airily. “Your brother and sister were wonderful company at all the events we attended. One can enjoy the country at any time of year, but now you’ll have to wait several more months before you have any hope of attending anything of any cultural significance whatsoever.”
Cas’s hand hesitates over the nozzle, but the time it takes him to pluck it out of its cradle and turn back to Dean isn’t enough to erase the dismayed furrow between his brows. “Where are you headed?”
At least it means Dean’s off the hook as far as schmoozing goes. Drink acquired from the
“Trust me, I’d pay good money to see Michael hauling it inside.”
He has no claim to Castiel, no right to wish he could have him solely for himself. At least he managed to claim a position outside, so he doesn’t have to see the early stages of any potential courtship for himself. He has no doubt that Castiel enjoys his company as much as he says he does, but he also has no illusions that he’ll be able to keep him, no matter how much they both might wish otherwise. Having to face that fact as it plays out in front of him would be too much to bear.
Yeah, that part Dean can watch.
“You sure you don’t have any other exes you want me to meet while we’re in town? Think I’ve still got some room in my schedule.” Dean grins at the dismayed groan Cas lets out.
“Oh, it’s a whole thing,” Kelly says from her seat on the couch next to him, seemingly unbothered by the spectacle. “They all try to get the ornaments up as high as they can. Whoever hangs the highest one also gets to put the angel on top.”
“Especially considering he missed an entire season in town this year. If he’s going to limit himself to the pool of nearby residents, he should take care to pursue one or the other sooner rather than later, or else he’ll find them all already spoken for.”
“Dean!”
“Oh, no doubt it’ll be worse for you. With all the fishing and shooting they’ll want to do, I’ll bet they’ll have you readying their horses multiple times a day.” Dean watches Benny tip his head back with a groan, then flashes him a grin. “Meanwhile, all I’ll have to do is provide suitable floral arrangements for the ball they’re holding in the cousins’ honor. Simple enough.”
“Well, hey, let me know. We can hang out sometime and both have a conversation with an actual adult for once. Can’t tell you how much having a few adult friends saved my sanity when Emma was Jack’s age.”
Michael tuts. He must think Castiel is brushing off his uncle’s question. “I should think you’d be aware of any recent additions, cousin. Do you mean to say that my aunt has not yet introduced you to at least a few duties of financial management?”
He’s so wrapped up in his own head that when Sam comes barreling around the corner, Dean nearly goes down in a stack of books taller than he is.
He looks just as handsome as Dean imagined. The cut of his jacket is finer than Dean has ever seen before, and his trousers hug the thick lines of his legs in a manner that makes Dean’s mouth run dry. He’d be surprised if Castiel
Although he has no particular complaints about his position, he’s glad that Sam, for one, managed to rise to a far more esteemed station than their background could have ever afforded them. His sharp mind did more for securing his future than their father ever did.
His complaint gets waved off. “There’s an easy answer for that. The assistant gardeners can handle making those, if you’re so pressed for time. It’s only Lady Amara and Lord Castiel who regularly request any floral arrangements.”
Dean looks up at the intrusion and sets his book aside, a fond grin spreading across his face. “There you are. You were so absorbed in your gardening when I returned that I didn’t want to bother you.”
Dean’s done his homework, studied the stiff family photos on Cas’s phone, all of it. So when the focus shifts away from Cas and towards the newcomer, he puts on his most charming grin and starts doling out the handshakes. “Hey there - Anna and Gabriel, right? Michael, nice to finally meet you.” Luke he’ll probably never meet, and Raphael’s job putting out legal fires for the company never allows him to show up any earlier than Christmas Eve, but he can at least try to win over the remainder of the siblings first.
“Fill me up, Cas. Got a long haul ahead of me.”
True to form, Emma’s knitting obsession only lasts about eight months total. Her needles get tucked away in the back of the hall closet, and some of the nicer yarn gets absorbed into Castiel’s collection.
“You good?” Dean looks Cas up and down, taking in the slightly frantic look in his eyes and the creases in the cuffs of his jacket where he’s been clutching at the fabric.
The most significant difference is that most of his various daily tasks around the estate are solitary, or near enough — sometimes working alongside a partner, such as Benny, whose company he enjoys, or Mr. Singer, who knows that quiet can have its own place. Recently he’s also had the newcomers to deal with, making the small staff quarters feel even more cramped in comparison.
Cas just grins at him, wide and gummy from across the bench, and tells him to drive.
How odd, that so small a change could change his perception of such an event entirely.
Most of the tension drops from his shoulders when he hears the voice on the other end of the line. He doesn’t want to dump his crap on Sam when he’s having a perfectly nice time with Eileen’s family, and there’s only one other person who knows the details of the situation. “Why are you calling so soon? Is everything okay?”
Dean grins. This guy’s just stumbled onto his favorite topic of conversation without even knowing it. “My daughter’s latest obsession is learning how to knit, just like a few months ago she was big into making her own jewelry, and at the birthday before that she was begging me for sewing lessons. If she
Next comes Castiel’s mare, easily led from her ties across the yard. Castiel himself follows behind, a silent presence at Dean’s back as they draw closer to the mounting block. Dean holds the mare carefully still at her front until Castiel swings himself into the saddle and adjusts his seat.
Castiel lets out a laugh at that, the corners of his eyes crinkling in a way that only makes him appear more appealing. “Trust me when I say there is nothing lacking. But I know you’ve been working all night and that you get little enough rest as is. Let me take care of you for once.”
Castiel’s momentum carries Dean backwards until he’s pressed against the tree behind him. A smart remark dies on his lips as they’re captured by Castiel’s, and he clutches at the fine fabric of his jacket with a fervor matching the hands in his hair.
The first knitted gift she gives away outside of the dishcloths Dean insists they use in their kitchen is a slightly uneven scarf for Castiel in the same navy yarn he helped pick out. By the time their weekly meetings for some much-needed adult conversation turn into a series of dates that move at a frankly glacial pace given the fact that they both have kids, they’ve both built up quite the collection of scarves and hats. Not to mention that between Castiel and Emma, Jack’s got enough handmade clothing and small toys that it’s hard to find space in his drawers anymore.
The smirk Gabriel levels at him is far too knowing for comfort. “Needed a snack before bed? You didn’t eat much at dinner.”
From the earliest days of his father’s hire at the estate, Dean joined him when he left in the early hours of the morning to start on the tasks that fell to the estate’s newest junior gardener. By unspoken agreement, Sam was allowed to stay abed; although at nearly six years of age he was old enough to start earning his keep, it was Dean alone that followed John out to the gardener’s shed. At that young an age, being left in charge of anything was a thrill, even if it was only rusty old equipment.
“Sorry, Kelly.”
Looking around the empty gas station parking lot, Dean says, “Sure didn’t come here for the scenery. No offense.”
The meadow is as still and peaceful as it always is, bright rays of the afternoon sun casting a golden glow over the grasses and wildflowers. Dean sucks in deep lungfuls of air as he looks over it, willing away the moisture that threatens to prickle at the corners of his eyes. It won’t be long until the changing seasons claim everything here, too, turning everything dry and brittle.
“That hardly seems wise,” Michael scoffs. Castiel ignores him.
Dean grabs both off the shelf for good measure. “Thanks, man. Sounds like you’ve been doing this a while.”
He isn’t sure how long he remains there, eyes kept carefully dry only thanks to the warmth of the sunlight, but it’s long enough that with time, his mind goes blissfully quiet.
“Several years now, for both knitting and crochet. It came in handy when my godson was born.” Castiel digs his phone out of his pocket and navigates around the screen until he lands on a picture of a grinning infant wearing a striped knit bee hat, complete with little black antennae. The mittens and booties he’s wearing are similarly striped black and yellow. Dean’s not surprised the woman holding the baby in the photo looks as charmed by the entire getup as she does.
His hand hesitates on the rough surface of the fabric backing the door, muffling any possible sound from the servants’ quarters and preventing any disturbance to the occupants within, and then pushes forward with resolve.
Crowley snorts. “In a sense. Sounds like you’ve got your own issues with them, am I right?”
For all the times they’ve met here before, his breath catches as Dean comes into sight. It always does. A halt, a quick dismount, and a quietly murmured, “Dean,” and suddenly Castiel’s arms are full in a way they’ve been sorely lacking in the week since his insufferable cousins arrived at the estate.
“Basically, yeah.”
“Dean.” One of Cas’s hands reaches across the bench, palm turned upwards, waiting. “You know I’m not the closest with my family. Spending Christmas together is the only real interaction I usually have with them outside of the occasional text. But Michael’s heading up a merger of the family business that’ll expand things nationwide, and
“That makes sense. To be honest, I only grabbed that one because that’s Emma’s favorite shade of blue. We went and picked out some beginner yarns for her a few weeks ago, but it sounded like she’s embarrassed to give anyone anything she’s made with them, so here I am trying to figure out something nice enough for her to feel good about using.”
“That’s the infamous Alfie, huh?” Cas has mentioned him a few times as one of the few coworkers he can stand, and he has to admit, the name kind of suits the kid. “So what, he doesn’t have any friends who visit him while he’s at work?”
She grumbles another minute before saying, “I knew the guy came from one of those really repressed families, but jeez. So what, they think he invited his roommate to family Christmas just to be friendly? Just guys being dudes?”
“If this is the extent of the entertainments here, Castiel, I wonder why you did not join us in town this season,” Lucien remarks, kicking at the loose pebbles and sending them even farther over the edge of the path for Dean to correct later.
Jack’s grin brightens his whole face. “They were an early Christmas present!”
“I’ve never been to the beach,” Dean admits. “Always wanted to go sometime.”
“Hey, you ever need any help finding a sitter, let me know. Emma’s been doing it for all the little kids on the block for the past couple of years to fund all her favorite things.”
“I’d say you couldn’t imagine, but it sounds like you probably can.”
“I assure you I’m not. Especially not more than I stand to gain.”
“Just came to say goodnight,” Cas says roughly when he finally draws back. At Dean’s dazed look, he clarifies, “That’s ‘what’s up.’”
“I think we’ve already established I really, really like you.”
It’s such an odd thing to say that Dean can’t help the fond grin that cracks across his face. “I will,” he promises, tucking the receipt into his pocket for safekeeping.
The pump shuts off abruptly, cutting Dean off mid-sentence. In one smooth motion Castiel taps the nozzle against the rim of the tank a few times to shake off the excess gas before returning it to its place at the pump.
It takes another minute of Cas squinting at him before a small smile breaks out on his face. “You’ve just gotten used to having your gas pumped for you, haven’t you.”
Castiel and Jack’s presence in their lives lasts much, much longer.
As soon as he’s around the corner, Cas tugs Dean into the butler’s pantry and leans against the door. “I am
Dean picks at a loose thread on the comforter to distract himself from the twist in his stomach. “Yeah, it kinda does. But being alone for the holiday was gonna suck anyway, and now he’s gonna owe me for the next, like, five Christmases, so that’s something.”
knows he shouldn’t even bother looking at the other bundles that are shaped slightly differently - something about them being harder to work with. It’s more than he knew a few weeks ago. Sometimes it’s hard to keep up with Emma’s interests when they change so frequently, but that doesn’t mean Dean’s willing to cut himself any slack when it comes to keeping up with what’s important to her.
As clear as ever, then. He places the glove directly into Castiel’s hand and folds his fingers around it, squeezing gently. Dean’s fingertips drag over the center of his palm, then the knuckles of the other hand as he withdraws.
“I hope our excursion hasn’t put you too far off your duties for the morning,” Alfred says when he approaches, polite as ever. As the youngest of Lady Amara’s children, he more than the others was young enough when he began his schooling that he often treats Dean and a few others as something more like a peer than a servant. Rare as it was for a lady of her rank to allow children of the estate’s workers to share in the lessons from the private tutor she hired for her own children, it’s rarer still that her children ever spared a second glance towards the interlopers. Although Dean’s more than aware that he doesn’t warrant an opinion in these matters, he finds their reaction speaks to their character just as much as Lady Amara’s kindness in offering the education in the first place.
It’s so far from anything Castiel could have imagined him saying that his mind briefly stutters over an adequate response. “Pardon?”
He tries to avoid thinking about it whenever possible, especially when there are far more pleasant activities to occupy their limited time together. It’s a perfectly warm autumn day, not a hint of cooler weather in the air yet, and the temperature must make the hastily tied cravat around Castiel’s neck feel more stifling than usual. Fortunately for him, Dean has plans for it.
Cas’s smile widens, turning more genuine. “Not to speak ill of your acting skills-”
When they arrive at their destination, he squints at the sign in confusion. “Isn’t it a little late to be picking out a tree?” Come to think of it, he doesn’t remember seeing a tree in his admittedly short time in the house so far, but he assumed there was one somewhere.
Dean only hears Cas’s thoughtful hum above the hiss of gas because they’re standing so close. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he echoes.
“I could ask you the same thing. Charlie filled me in - what the hell, Dean?”
When his mother first gifted the old groundskeeper’s cottage to them as a wedding present, none of the roses were in bloom, and even then Castiel loved it at first sight. Ever practical, Dean suggested they clear off the vast majority of the greenery in order to reduce the amount of upkeep they would have to do, but Castiel couldn’t bring himself to do it. Instead, after he’s finished his new routine of working for the day, he spends several more hours in the gardens around the back of the house; Dean has more than enough on his plate in his new role as head gardener, still working most days up at the main house on the estate and then retreating home at a far earlier time than he ever did before. It helps that he has Castiel to come home to, or so he says, though Castiel also knows that his mother’s lenience towards her son’s husband plays more than a small role as well.
Careful not to disturb the plush bedding with his movements, Castiel finally tears himself away and steps out to his study to take care of what he needs to before Dean wakes.
Dean swallows thickly. When he speaks, he manages to keep his voice carefully cool.“Would you care for an arrangement to be delivered to your rooms today, my lord? The roses are in excellent bloom.”
Castiel’s smile dims slightly. “I wound up as his legal guardian when his mom passed last year. But it was a relief to have some familiar things to make the transition easier on Jack. He’s got a honeycomb blanket at home to match, too. Now he can’t go to sleep without it, so I may have made things more difficult for myself in the long run.”
Early evening rolls around, and at least it’s a rinse and repeat of last night - Dean’s more confident as he makes tiny adjustments to look his best in tonight’s suit. He might not have a whole lot of expectations other than not embarrassing himself in front of Michael’s business partners and investors, since as far as anyone’s aware he’s not part of the family, but he’ll be damned if he isn’t going to at least look the part.
I had a lot of fun writing this for me and the spn group chat - enough that I wrote a lot in a short amount of time by my standards - but thank you to anyone else who read it!
Dean’s voice is quiet again as he speaks. “I thought you were a better man than this.”
Castiel nods. “And I’m sure there aren’t any Gas-N-Sips closer to you.”
Castiel’s fingers drift across the soft surface of the alpaca yarn in his own basket. Dean isn’t quite sure why he’s so invested in his response until Castiel says, “Actually, that does sound nice,” and Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
Dean makes him work for it, taking a seat in his previous position and shamelessly watching as Castiel stretches to pick two pears just out of reach. He returns in short order, triumphantly offering one to Dean before settling beside him against the tree, heedless of the dirt getting onto his clothes.
“A problem for next year, at least. And my cousins will be gone soon enough, regardless. Only another week to survive.”
Dean stands at the ready as he draws close, leaning up against the solid width of the large willow that grows along the edge of the brook to catch more shade. He doesn’t bother to hide himself in case of someone else appearing; Castiel is the only other person who even knows this spot exists, far at the edge of the wilderness at the estate’s boundaries.
“I did not.”
Dean hasn’t always been the biggest fan of the holiday season, but damn if the multicolored lights playing over the soft smile on Cas’s face from the displays up and down the street isn’t a sight to see.
Benny hums his agreement and knocks their shoulders companionably together as they finish the walk back to the stables. “I suppose we should be grateful that their behavior seems so loathsome to us. Shows that we’re unusually lucky to have such sensible masters out here. As long as the unbearable ones are only here for a short visit we should survive it.”
And the sooner the merger happens, the sooner Cas will feel comfortable telling his family about them. Dean lets out a breath. “So no pressure, then. Great.”
“Wait until you see the surprise I have for you.”
“Well, hey, look at it this way,” Dean says, clapping Cas on the shoulder, careful to keep just enough distance between them in case someone catches them unaware. “You only have to spend a few days with ‘em for the holidays. Maybe the occasional text or phone call if you’re feeling generous. The rest of the time you’ve got me, and I like you a hell of a lot better than her.”
Dean swings back into the gardeners’ shed after another hour spent in the sun attempting to salvage as many of the poor violets as he could. More than he expected might wind up surviving Lucien’s carelessness, after all, but he can’t even comfort himself with that silver lining. It’s one thing to know that his time with Castiel can only ever consist of stolen moments away from prying eyes, and quite another to face the reality that this may have been their last summer together. In all likelihood, by this time next year, the social season may bring an advantageous betrothal for Castiel.
Of course those are the voices above him. Some of them, at least; Dean’s tried to keep enough of a distance from them not to be able to differentiate them without making an effort at it. Still, hearing them complain once again about the estate being too humble for their tastes grates enough that Dean is just about to push off of the wall and return to his duties before he’s missed when the topic of conversation shifts.
“Some of the speakers were rather dry, but the subjects themselves can be fascinating. You might have enjoyed the ones on the natural world, Castiel.”
Dean makes himself an empty promise to come find Sam when he’s more ready to discuss it at length — as if he’ll ever feel ready, when it feels like he’s the one who ripped his own heart out of his chest. But it gets him away, and this time, he heads directly for the safety of the outdoors.
been stressed about it since he announced it while we were up in Mackinac, and if I tell them about us before the everything’s signed then I don’t think they’ll take it as well as if I tell them afterwards.”
“Perhaps I would. But I confess I prefer to avoid spending time in town entirely if I can help it, even if I must give up such opportunities to do so.”
“Appreciation won’t keep me from having to stay outside through the lunch hour to finish what I need to get done.” He much prefers to complete the bulk of his tasks in the cool morning air. Walking the orchards and wilderness around the edges of the maintained section of the property is fine enough for a hot afternoon — there’s enough shade to keep him relatively cool, and with no other eyes around, he’s always free to wet himself down with cool water from one of the well-stocked ponds on the property — but that isn’t all he has on his list of duties for the day.
Finally,
“Nobody is more thrilled than I am about this partnership-”
“You’re reward enough,” Castiel promises, with more honesty than Dean can bear, as if it doesn’t loosen the seed of doubt inside his chest every time he says anything to that effect. As if it’s obvious. He’ll never understand how anyone can think Castiel cold or aloof, even if few others ever get the privilege of knowing him as well as Dean.
Cas still hasn’t taken his hand off the nozzle, even though he’s engaged the automatic fill. Dean keeps his eyes fixed on it, unable to look Cas in the eye. “Wouldn’t dream of it. As long as your coworkers don’t try chasing me off to defend your honor and
“Wouldn’t a van be more practical for work than this car is?”
Anna heads over to them after Jack’s safely upstairs. “I’m sure after a drive like that you want to get settled. Here, I can show you your rooms. ”
A slow smile unfurls on Cas’s face. “Well. That might be difficult.”
“Well, I think you’re very generous to keep trying. It must be for someone special if you’re giving it another shot.”
“What are you doing in here?”
“Nothing to worry about.” Most of it involves pointed comments about their own marriages and feigned surprise over the fact that Castiel remains a bachelor at his age. None of his cousins have gone so far as to outright recommend that Castiel follow their example as of yet, but he knows it’s only a matter of time before the tone shifts. He fully expects that Michael, with his rigid sense of duty, will be the first to broach the subject, even though Gabriel is the most recently married and therefore the most wrapped up in marital bliss.
Dean clears his throat. “You know I will.” He
“You always take a few extra days off after you get back. A vacation from your vacation.”
That defuses Charlie enough to allow Dean to distract her into telling him all her hot takes about the show she’s been binge-watching with the dog, and when they finally hang up, he’s thoroughly distracted from the mess he’s found himself in.
“You say that as if you really believe any of them have the taste to put any of those together,” Dean scoffs. He’s still unused to the idea of having assistants in the first place, after so many years of being the one doing even the lowest level of tasks, but regardless, there’s no chance of him being able to tell Mr. Singer why he insists on handling it himself.
“Construction, renovations, all that kind of thing. Everything’s within city limits or close to it, but all that driving adds up.”
“None that I am aware of.”
Fortunately, all the extravagance also means Lady Amara has hired on additional temporary staff for the evening, most of them from Lord Charles’ house in town for their availability and familiarity to her most important guests. It takes some of the pressure off the small number of staff attached to the estate, something Dean’s aware he should be grateful for. Lately, it feels like Dean’s been doing nothing but preparing for the ball, and as many directions as he’s been forced to run in tonight, somehow it feels less stressful than anything leading up to it.
“I might have actually enjoyed it were you able to accompany me.” Castiel looks thoughtful as he traces along the edges of Dean’s shirt, made of a much nicer material than his usual wear while working the grounds. He wonders if it looks as false to Castiel as it feels to wear it. “Especially with this on.”
“Well, Michael’s hoping that making a good impression will help him be able to move the merger along faster. I’m hoping so, too.”
Castiel collapses heavily against the headboard, too stunned to follow.
Castiel stands at the foot of the bed, back to the door. At the first fall of Dean’s step upon the carpet he turns, confusion evident on his face, but the lines of concern smooth out as soon as he sees who it is. “I didn’t think I’d get to see you for a few more days yet,” he says, a soft smile spreading across his face. It makes Dean’s heart ache to see it.
Cas meets Dean’s eyes with an apologetic grimace before thanking Anna and slipping into his room. Left on his own, Dean pastes on a friendly smile and follows Anna next door, taking in the bathroom and linen closet she points out on the way.
Michael waves him off. “It will come with time, Raphael. Perhaps he simply lacks the proper motivation to take an interest in these things. Marriage, for a start. Taking pride in the estate one’s family will inherit does not come naturally to the unwed.”
“You say that as if the ball might be the death of you. You should try to enjoy it.”
“You know, I think I’m starting to get why people like it here,” Dean says meditatively. He’s started feeling much less aggravated by everything about the whole state lately. “The weather sucks, and there’s way too many damn people on the road, but this is worth at least a little bit of the hassle.”
Cas reaches behind him to tear off his receipt and pulls a pen from the pocket of his vest. He scribbles something on it and then folds it into Dean’s hand, tucking Dean’s fingers around the thin slip of paper. “Keep me updated on your timeline.”
“Nice try. Would it have something to do with our guests?”
Cas winces and tilts his head back, clearly stalling, and Dean warns, “Think carefully before you answer that.”
Dean cranks the window down. “Yeah, pal?” The guy’s got a name tag perched on the vest -
“Watch where you’re going!” Sam shoots a glare in his direction as soon as he stabilizes the precarious stack in his arms. Immune from years of having that exact look aimed in his direction, Dean shrugs it off and steps back with his hands very carefully held away from the pile.
He’s suddenly wildly glad for the veiled text asking about Cas’s work schedule he sent earlier, even if it meant having to wait an impatient few hours after getting settled back in at Sam and Eileen’s until he could justify heading over. Now that he’s here, he can’t imagine driving away again without Cas in the passenger seat.
They rarely have to go quite this long between seeing each other. In passing around the estate, of course, but that always makes it worse rather than better. Tucked away at the edge of their little meadow — a place Dean found, when they agreed on their intention to need use of such a place in order to see each other as regularly as they might be able — they can meet as often as either of them can get away. It’s hardly enough for either of their preference, but given the circumstances, it’s more than they would otherwise have.
The dorky smile Cas gives him is nearly too much for Dean to handle, let alone eventually let go of him and allow him to slip next door. He carries it to bed with him, to the mattress that’s slightly too soft and the blankets that are just a shade scratchier than his own, even without the glaring absence that’s the biggest difference of all.
Cas stifles a laugh and opens the driver’s side door for him, stepping back to allow Dean to join him. The routine of Dean handing over his rewards card so Cas can get the pump started is familiar by now - he really should feel a little ashamed by how fast he’s been blowing through gas lately, but the price has stayed low, and besides, it’s hard to be bothered by it when Cas is standing close enough that their shoulders are knocking together. Dean really can’t bring himself to mind that Cas apparently has no concept of personal space when it comes to him.
“I won’t touch the pump, I promise. You even know where to find the tank on her?”
With all the chaos of the visit around the house, it’s been too long since Castiel has had the opportunity to slip away unseen. Each bundle of carefully-cut flowers left in the sitting area of his room in the past week went unanswered, occupied as he was with the myriad outings arranged for them.
“I will
If he must be expected to give up Castiel to the whims of courtship and marriage, he’s aware he damn well better take advantage of any remaining time he has left.
Dean tucks the rose carefully among the other flowers Castiel has brought him so far this week, set into a vase kept by their bedside, and settles back more comfortably against Castiel’s front.
Dean pokes around on his phone for another minute, punching in the address and letting the map load up a route that’ll take him around the worst of the traffic. When he looks up, Steve’s at least straightened away from the window, but he’s still just standing there. A little annoyed, Dean says, “Listen, man, there’s plenty of pumps open if someone else comes around. World’s not gonna end if I take a second before I start filling up.”
Dean waves him off. “You’re busy enough on your own without worrying about me. Even busier, I’m sure, with the visitors arriving. My tasks will stay the same, guests or no guests.”
Dean nods and smiles in all the right places as Cas introduces Hester, Rachel, and Inias, all connected to the company in some way. But he can’t help the way his smile tightens as Hannah says, “Can I talk to you for a second?” and leads Cas away with a hand inside his elbow.
“Um.” The kid visibly deflates. Surely Dean isn’t the only person the chipper routine doesn’t work on. “He’s on break right now.”
It’s only a few days. They can do this.
“Oh, look who it is!” Michael
“And we look forward to where it takes us in the new year.”
“I’m starting to get that impression.” Castiel looks down the length of the Impala and says, “So, are you going to let me fill your car up without a fight this time, or do you still need to supervise?”
Normally Dean would manage to work up some nerves in the final hours before something as important as meeting his partner’s family, but it’s a twelve-hour drive from their apartment to Cas’s family home. He’s got Cas and his car, a bunch of cassettes to avoid ever having to hear any holiday music on the radio, and the reassuring weight of a jewelry box in one of his jacket pockets. Their chosen route even has minimal traffic and no construction. All in all, Dean’s feeling pretty good about life in general, enough to keep him relaxed even as they eat up the miles between them and Michigan. Cas seems more nervous than Dean is, to be honest.
“You know, there are other things you could be enjoying instead,” Dean says, tracing his finger up the stiffly starched line of Castiel’s collar.
“Listen, man, I better get back inside - some stupid fancy business thing thing pretending it’s a party - but we’ll talk Christmas morning, sound good? I want to hear what you think of your present.”
Dean opens his mouth to tell Cas he can’t, he’s already agreed to look after Sam’s dog while he’s away with Eileen and her family, until he really thinks about it. Years of trying to make crappy hotel rooms feel festive, then driving Sam up to Bobby’s to give him a semblance of a normal family Christmas once Dad died and left them officially on their own. The past couple years since Bobby passed have been harder, but Dean hasn’t done a half-bad job considering it’s just the two of them.
“Well, it’s very important work. Keeps me very busy.”
Fortunately, his phone buzzes after a few minutes of bland conversation about how the merger will affect their departments, saving him from the possibility of having to make conversation with any of them.
it, more than he’d like to. Besides, he can’t bring himself to leave Cas hanging like that.
“Well, I happen to know neither of those things are true.” One last tug and the knot slips free, leaving the ends trailing down Castiel’s chest. Ever the opportunist, Dean wraps one end around his hand and uses it as leverage to tug Castiel closer. “In fact, I was planning on approaching you just now, as long as you don’t have any objections?”
The trickling of water serves as enough distraction that it takes Dean a moment to register the sight of Castiel emerging from the treeline. Though they’re rumpled nearly beyond recognition, he’s still in his fine clothes from the night before, as if he appeared directly from his bedroom to continue to make his case.
“You never said you were on your way,” Cas says, voice muffled from speaking into Dean’s jacket.
Dean only realizes he’s rambling when it clicks that the man in front of him has that look of polite interest that makes it hard to tell whether he’s actually listening or if he’s zoning out. “Sorry, get me talking about Emma and I’ll go for hours. You don’t even work here, do you?”
“Wawas on every corner up by my brother’s house. You know how it is.”
“Castiel.”
Cas appears at his elbow almost an hour in.“There you are,” he says, relief evident in his voice.
After enough people decide to head up to bed, Dean lingers at the base of the stairs and then splits off to the kitchen on a hunch. He’s right - he did see Cas disappear into the kitchen.
clear. You think they’ll ever like me as much as they like her?”
Dean’s glad he took the time once he sees the inside of the restaurant. Not his usual scene by any stretch of the imagination, but he doesn’t feel too out of place as they’re escorted to their table, confident that he at least
“I do, but I think everyone would be happier if I showered and changed first. If you give me a ride back to my place I can be ready faster than I would be waiting for the bus.”
One of Steve’s shoulders lifts in a shrug. “Depends if you ever plan on telling me what kind of gas you want.”
By the time all the detritus of the afternoon’s tree decorating is packed away, it’s nearly time to get ready for dinner. Dean doesn’t usually have much occasion to wear a suit, but he takes extra time to make sure everything looks neat, finishing it all off with a few dabs of the nice cologne Cas got him last Christmas. He inspects himself in the mirror before heading out to meet the rest of them. Definitely good enough for dinner at a swanky restaurant. He cleans up good, if he’s allowed to say that.
“Sure, thanks.” She shuts the door behind her, and Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
Judging by the look Cas shoots him as they head out to the car, he’s not the only one thinking it.
“I suppose that’s what I mean, yes.” Castiel keeps his voice carefully smooth to avoid betraying how weary he is of this line of conversation.
cannot deny this season was the happiest I have been to date, and when I told her of your role in my happiness, she gave her blessing. I cannot offer you quite as comfortable a life as I might have as her heir, but she has consented to provide a generous enough living that I will remain a gentleman of means, if giving up my title would be enough to assure you of the sincerity of my intentions when I ask for your hand.”
There’s only one kid in the family, so it doesn’t take much to figure out who the five-year-old launching himself at Cas’s legs and the woman hurrying along behind him are. Cas manages to intercept Jack before he launches himself at his legs and scoops him up into a bear hug, sending Jack into a fit of delighted giggles. “He heard the commotion downstairs and had to come say hi.”
“Well, it worked,” Cas says. He finally draws back far enough for Dean to get a good look at him, fingers a firm pressure against the back of Dean’s neck, and Dean can’t even be upset that their first kiss is going to be next to a gas pump because Cas is leaning in, lips chapped from the chill air but soft against his own, his scent crowded out by the heavy smell of gasoline lingering on the concrete around them.
“That’s not true,” Cas says, but it’s half-hearted at best.
“Yeah, hasn’t exactly been the ‘meet the family’ trip I thought Cas was asking me on,” Dean admits. “But it’s fine. Getting them to like me is still a work in progress, though.”
After all of Cas’s comments about his siblings being a generally awkward bunch that aren’t particularly close, Dean isn’t expecting the greeting that comes once the front door to the swanky brick mansion swings open.
“My name is Castiel, not Steve.”
And no one else knows him
His next visit, Dean waits until Cas has started the pump to get out of the car and get his attention. “Hey, Cas. Got something for you.”
Meanwhile, Castiel and Anna are caught up in a heated conversation, whispers flying between them as they approach. Alfred follows behind, apparently caught up in watching a barn swallow spin lazy circles around one of the support beams running the length of the stables.
Voices begin drifting down from the open window above his head, and he lets out a quiet groan, once again wishing for some quiet. At least he’ll sleep deeply as soon as he gets the chance, given how ragged he’s been pushing himself trying to keep busy in order to avoid the guests of honor who, in his opinion, have
“I’d like to request that I’m left out of this,” Lucien says dryly. “My plan is to continue avoiding any such responsibilities for as long as I can.”
Too anxious to respond properly, Dean instead ushers Charlie into the store and gives his name to the clerk behind the counter. He drums his fingers against the glass display before he realizes he probably shouldn’t, and tries to casually swipe his shirtsleeve across the glass to wipe away any fingerprints he might’ve left. Charlie just keeps watching him with a knowing look as the clerk makes her way back, a small velvet box in hand.
“Guess you’ll see in a couple days, huh?”
we’ve shared, I thought you would do better than force me to refuse you.”
Dean does remember that season, though not for reasons anyone would expect. With no need for a gardener to accompany them to the townhouse in the city, the long stretches of a lonely summer stand out in his mind more than any other detail about that time. “I’ll hope for your sake that they prefer to stay indoors, then, so you and I don’t have to stand their presence for long.”
Why they have to host them, Castiel is not sure. His aunt and uncle’s estate far outstrips their own in both size and decor, in addition to the lavish townhome in which they spend half the year. It might not be polite to speculate, but Castiel will leave such gentility for times when his extended family is not constantly encroaching on his private space.
Still stunned, Dean shakes his head, unable to comprehend how Lady Amara could possibly feel anything close to approval of her son’s desired match. “Surely your mother agrees you deserve far better than a gardener, Cas.”
“You’re not allowed to help.”
Despite Alfred’s attempt to shift the topic towards something more generally pleasing, apparently Castiel’s luck isn’t meant to hold. “Tell me, Castiel, what responsibilities regarding the estate have you taken on since we last spoke?” Lord Charles asks.
dedicated to his comfort, ensuring that Dean feels no need to exert himself in the least, and as Castiel’s mouth brings him to the very peak of pleasure he finds himself nearly able to forget what must be on the horizon for them.
Dean swallows. “It’s Cas, Sam.”
Even after they both head up to bed - separately, and damn if that still doesn’t sting a bit - Dean can’t shake the nerves that come with having his proposal plans partially dependent on how long Michael and his partners take to get a piece of paper signed. Impressing Cas’s family without letting them realize why he’s trying to is hard enough without any other curveballs. Without thinking too hard about what he’s doing, he finds his phone in his hand as he settles into bed.
fidgets, but it’s still enough to put Dean on alert. “I told you that since everyone was there, I told them about us. About me.”
“Back home,” Dean says. He isn’t prepared for the way his stomach drops when Cas’s face falls at his words, but he soldiers on anyway. “Sam and Eileen just broke the news I’m gonna be an uncle in another five months. I had this extended vacation lined up to fix up their house, but I’m gonna need to be a hell of a lot closer if I want to see my niece or nephew more than once in a blue moon once they’re born. Makes more sense to cut this visit short so I can get that ball rolling.”
A stick cracks underfoot in the distance, and Dean scrambles to get to his feet, dropping his apple to the ground in the process. He relaxes slightly once he sees a familiar figure heading across the grass towards him, and casts a regretful glance down at his abandoned snack, now smudged with dirt.
Even better, the devastated look that Dean left on his face upon his departure is gone, replaced by a quiet determination. As he draws closer, Castiel visibly takes a deep breath and hesitates before reaching out a hand, as if unsure of his welcome. Dean hates his role in making him doubt that.
“Well, hey, now you got one.”
He’s not entirely sure why he thought he should talk to Sam about this, now of all times — perhaps later, once he’s had time to come to terms with it himself, but for right now Sam’s attempts at rationally discussing it do nothing but make him feel worse. Dean abruptly disengages between one platitude and the next, citing a need for privacy, and Sam backs off with a wounded look that only makes Dean feel even worse.
“Some. Most people are at least from the tri-state area, so they’re not as surprised as you are. I don’t see Kansas plates very often.”
Ten minutes into staring at a wall of shelving holding more skeins of yarn than he’s ever seen before in his life, Dean still hasn’t decided if he’s annoyed that the disinterested teenager at the register isn’t offering to help or grateful that nobody’s there to judge him for not knowing what the hell he’s looking at.
“My mother thinks no such thing. Neither do I.” Suddenly shy, Castiel’s eyes dart away from Dean’s for a moment before returning, steady and sure. This time, Dean expects the next words out of Castiel’s mouth, though they don’t sound any less surreal than the last time a few hours ago. “Dean. Will you marry me?”
“Maybe that’s because I always miss you,” Cas says, low and warm, looking up at Dean through his lashes.
“None whatsoever,” Castiel murmurs.
Dean sighs and drums his fingers on the wheel. “You’re really not gonna let me pump my own gas, are you?”
“Missed me, have you?” Dean asks when they finally part. The cocky grin on his face belies the flicker of nervousness in his eyes, the one that appears every time he points out Castiel’s eagerness to see him. As if he’s presuming something by pointing out the obvious. Castiel can’t wait to see it disappear for good, someday.
Dean grins, letting his gaze flick over Cas. “We just spent more than twelve hours in the car together, and you’re still coming to say goodnight? You sap.”
Now, more than anything else, he appreciates the fact that it’s coolest at this time of day. The temperatures climb high enough during the heat of the day that he’s learned to appreciate the opportunity to work in peace without sweat trying its best to roll into his eyes when it comes.
“Say no more,” Gabriel says, aiming finger guns at both of them. “Night, kids.”
He should have realized his good fortune would run dry sooner or later.
To Dean’s surprise, it’s Cas who addresses the awkward greeting. “Oh. Crowley. Hi.”
“Back again?”
As the rumble of the engine approaches the bank of pumps, Dean sees a dark head of hair in the seat inside the attendant’s booth lift in recognition. By the time he rolls up even with the booth, Cas is stepping out, all disbelieving wide eyes and tousled hair.
you can come whining to me about it.”
fighting off potential matches looking like he does now.
“Uncle Cas!”
He never expected it to go so disastrously as this.
His primary responsibilities used to encompass the vast outer portions of the property, until Mr. Singer got it into his head that Dean should take on the role of head groundskeeper upon his upcoming retirement. While Mr. Singer retains the planning of the herb and vegetable gardens — something Dean has long suspected has to do more with having an excuse to speak with the head cook, Mrs. Harvelle, than anything else — taking over the care of some of the ornamental gardens fell to Dean. Where Mr. Singer got the idea that Dean has anywhere near the head for details involved in taking over the position of head groundskeeper, he has no idea, but he strives to live up to the task.
“And what, you’re okay with him keeping you guys secret the whole time?”
“About us, yes.” A lopsided smile appears on Castiel’s face. “I cannot deny she was surprised to hear it. But
Castiel shrugs. “There are a few trusted servants whose duty it is to handle that sort of business. My mother has some oversight, as I understand it, but on the whole she leaves it to them.” He’s aware that Sam Winchester, for one, handles expenses for the house and collects on the investments that provide the budget for those expenses. The head groundskeeper, Mr. Singer, has long since retired from some of the daily duties he previously held due to his aging body, but he still retains control of the management of the land’s resources to best serve the estate and the village while retaining enough stock to ensure continued access. All fine, detailed work, and all of it above Castiel’s head.
“Jack, this is my friend Dean.”
Cas patiently puts up with the crushing embrace for far longer than Dean would before finally someone else wanders over to the entryway to investigate, prompting a round of more restrained hugs and handshakes from the others.
That’s enough to startle a laugh out of Dean. “No, I’m gonna be glad to be back in the normal world for a little while, even if I’m just packing up to head back here.” He pauses for a second, then admits, “Gotten used to seeing you around, though.”
Dean has loved Castiel for nearly six years now, and yet the sting of that truth has not lessened.
He cannot think of anything other than making things right.
Sam sighs, shoulders slumping in the way that makes him look like an overgrown puppy, even at his height. “I’ve been trying to catalogue some new periodicals that Lady Amara requested, but Lord Charles’ valet chased me out of the library today. Said Lord Charles didn’t want any servants lurking over his shoulder while he read, which leaves me trying to figure out a new place to get through my work.”
Dean might be convinced it was an entirely innocent slip, if he didn’t know any better. He takes a minute to cast an eye around the remainder of the yard as he bends down to pick up the glove. Lady Amara is already setting off at a leisurely walk with Alfred, and Benny and Anna have their heads bent close together, inspecting one of the shoes on her gelding.
“-but I could tell you weren’t a fan.”
He lets out the breath he’s been holding and reaches out to take the offered hand. He’s annoyed, sure, but he
As it always does, a great sense of belonging comes over Castiel when he crosses the threshold into the entryway. He never felt quite comfortable in the main house of the estate, too hemmed in by the expectations of his role. The smaller cottage suits him far better, though most of it is due to its other occupant. A paradise of their own making, just like the meadow was for so many years.
Hell if Dean could be mad at him after that, even if he wanted to.
As they trail behind her up the stairs, Anna says, “Cas, you’re in your old room. Dean, we’ve got you next door in the guest room Jack usually stays in - don’t worry, we cleaned out all the kid stuff. No risk of stuffed toys starting to talk to you in the middle of the night.”
mean that that luxury is afforded to the eldest. Castiel will have much the same responsibilities as I do, once he marries. With it will come more of the estate management.”
“How is it that you find yourself in need of my assistance at least once a fortnight, but you’re nowhere to be found when I need an extra set of hands?” Dean asks as he secures the second girth into place.
A special interest in
“Careful. Someone might think you like me if you keep that up.”
“It might.” Dean takes the easy excuse and dumps the pile of violets too far gone to attempt to save in the middle of the table where Mr. Singer sits. “How am I supposed to keep the gardens in acceptable shape when they’re so inconsiderate?”
“Well, I had to make sure you weren’t enjoying yourself too much without me,” Dean says, keeping his voice intentionally light. If he cannot have Castiel for much longer, he refuses to allow any of their remaining time together to be marred by his own fears.
Sometimes Dean allows himself to wonder how much easier it might be if they were of a similar standing. Both of them young lords, bringing equal wealth to the table so that no one could doubt the truth of their devotion keeping them together, or even two laborers on staff with little to their name but each other. Their association grew out of Castiel’s natural curiosity about the gardens Dean cares for, after all. In moments like these, Dean can almost see Castiel down in the dirt with him.
It takes no less than a full hour for everyone to decide on a tree that fits all their specifications, during which time Dean mostly wanders among the rows of trees of all ages to keep himself from freezing. He finally notices the rest of the group gathered around one particularly impressive Douglas fir and heads over in time to hear Michael instructing someone on how to find the house.
“As always,” Castiel says honestly. He sees no reason to pretend otherwise, especially not when Dean so clearly has trouble believing it. His lips quirk in a small smile after a moment. “Maybe more so than usual lately. My cousins have been
“Like you could ever be a bother. Besides, I was busy getting this for you.”
special I wouldn’t be trying this hard to keep up with the latest obsession, but it’s just me and her, so it’s the least I can do. I’m just glad she still tells me what the latest thing is, you know? She’s only fourteen, so she hasn’t gone full-blown teenage angst yet where it’s uncool to talk to her dad, but I know it’s coming.”
Castiel shrugs, looking down at where Dean is leaning his weight onto the lid of the trunk. He keeps a few careful inches between himself and the rear bumper. “Not a whole lot, to be honest. What about yours? What’s her story?”
“Hannah, so good to see you!” Anna looks nearly as happy as Michael does.
“Well, I wasn’t gonna tell you this just yet, but-” Dean drops his voice to a whisper. “I really, really like you too, Cas.”
Crowley - and that’s gotta be who Dean thinks it is, there can’t be more than one person walking around town with that name - gives Cas an unimpressed once-over. “Castiel.” He drags out the syllables on Cas’s name, then fails to follow it up with any actual greeting, instead swanning towards a table on the other side of the room.
“Not to worry, Raphael, I can assure you the ball we’re putting on while you’re visiting will be at least as grand as any of the private balls we attended in town,” Alfred says, earnest as he always is.
Turns out he wouldn’t, but Dean knew that already. The first bite is nothing short of heavenly, all the flavors bursting across his tongue, and the warm wrapper in his hands is a nice bonus against the chill morning air.
“Not at all, my lord,” Dean lies smoothly. “And even if it did, you know it would be no trouble.”
, even if it is Lady Hael.”
His gaze drops to the stupid name tag that still says
“Yes, because there absolutely must be enough trout in the lake available at all times for me to kill in the interest of my leisure.”
“Well, now that you know someone here can fuel you up without making you break out in hives, you’re always welcome back.”
“Do you - ah. Do you remember when I visited them this summer for Jack’s birthday?”
The following morning and afternoon turns into a cookie-baking marathon that Dean’s more than happy to sit out, watching from the sidelines as Gabriel and Anna produce sheet after sheet of increasingly gourmet concoctions in an attempt to outdo each other. Michael has the sense to stay locked in his office, on the phone with important investors before the big event, but Cas and Kelly get drafted into the whole mess as baking assistants.
“Is Cas around?”
He’s busy holding a skein in either hand, trying to determine whether either of them might be the kind of thing Emma might like, when he catches movement out of the corner of his eye.
Lady Amara passes by first with Lord Charles and Lady Naomi, all three deep in conversation. Dean dips his head politely as they go by, and Lady Amara does the courtesy of sending a small smile in his direction. He knows she does adore the gardens. Perhaps not the ornamental so much as the others, but she is as considerate a lady as they come to acknowledge her staff’s hard work in maintaining them for her pleasure.
Castiel sends a grateful look his way for taking some of the attention onto himself, and curses his mother and sister for abandoning them so carelessly to their fates.
The look that Steve levels at him is thoroughly unimpressed. “You’re not the only person who drives a classic car. I can make an educated guess. Cash or card?”
Just as Castiel feared when he first heard of the visit, the arrival of his aunt, uncle, and cousins brings nothing but noise and chaos to the otherwise quiet estate. From the very moment of their arrival, before Lord Charles can even get a word out after exiting their carriage, Lady Naomi casts an appraising glance across the modest front of the estate and, evidently, finds it wanting. She sniffs, makes a perfunctory greeting to the lady of the house, and then loudly begins discussing the latest modifications to their own home as the remainder of her offspring begin unloading from the second carriage in the procession.
The halls of the downstairs’ servants areas are blissfully quiet when he exits the passage. It keeps the maids that normally crowd the hallway busy elsewhere, and leaves him with no one around to remark on his appearance. He’s sure he’ll be called on later to clean the disaster the guests have surely made of the front paths, but Mr. Singer prefers to walk the grounds and see the damage for himself first, so he has a moment to breathe.
“What can I say, you can’t beat the rewards program. Kind of important when you go through as much gas in a year as I do.”
“You thought you’d let me be the man responsible for lowering your station? For removing you entirely and irreversibly from society, even if you have little interest in what benefits it affords you?” Dean swipes a hand across his face with a dull chuckle. “Thank you very much for the opportunity, Cas, but I think I’ll decline.”
Dean can scarcely believe his ears. “You have, Cas,” he says, voice breaking. He cannot imagine how Castiel could possibly think otherwise.
It takes all of Dean’s effort to suppress his reaction to Raphael’s words. That’s certainly one way to say it. Even as a child Castiel exasperated more than one minder by leaving the house to wander the gardens, following a stray bird or insect until he was thoroughly lost within the maze of pathways. The habit only worsened the last few years as he gained more free reign of the property, though it was partially the chance of bumping into Dean along the way that kept him so thoroughly engaged along with the gardens themselves.
“I’d better-” Dean waves his phone to illustrate his point before realizing that nobody’s paying attention. His escape route leads him out to a wide brick patio lined with white columns on either side, and he casts a quick glance around before answering the phone.
“Sure was! Cas really is a great guy, isn’t he?”
At least he’s seated next to Jack, so he has the option of tuning in to the little guy’s thoughts on his gourmet kiddie burger and asking him to catch up on the latest developments in children’s television since the last time he had occasion to turn it on for Sam. It doesn’t entirely block out the sounds of all the others bonding over how cute Cas and Hannah looked at prom, or the time she went on the family skiing trip, or any number of fondly-remembered stories, though, and Dean spends most of dinner trying to look like absolutely none of this is bothering him. The only comfort he has is that Cas looks like he’s fighting the same battle.
As expected, Raphael’s expression turns pinched, and he turns away abruptly, opening the book in his lap to resume his reading.
There isn’t quite enough room for that, but Castiel is content to sit nearby and exchange inconsequential conversation as Dean gets to enjoy the rare indulgence of a full bath. Even more enjoyable is the way he takes his time drying himself before slipping into his discarded trousers from the night before and pushing Castiel back towards the bed, apparently intent on taking full advantage of it before he has to leave.
Gabriel waits a beat, darting a glance between the two of them, until Cas says, “Give us a minute, Gabriel, would you?”
Of course, he has some difficulty getting his work done when he’s being pulled in a hundred other directions. He doesn’t mind helping out here and there across the estate, but it does mean that often he’s the one the other staff come to when they need help. Which is why Dean finds himself sharing the task of saddling mounts for Lady Amara and her three adult children when he’s supposed to be out walking the perimeter of the gardens to tidy any unruly edges.
They stay there for a long minute as they come down, long plumes of breath mingling in the space between them, before Cas says, suddenly serious, “You could come with me.”
Benny catches up to him as he’s finishing gathering up his hastily-packed morning meal, abandoned in the tack room when Benny stole him away for assistance. “I do appreciate the assistance, truly. If you ever need anything—”
“Okay.” A minute passes, with only the rush of the road passing beneath them filling the silence. “So...yeah, I remember. What about it?”
the one who came up to Dean. “Are you here to fill up?”
After that look, Dean doesn’t think he can be blamed for hastily squeezing into a parking space on the side of the street and kissing Cas senseless against the passenger door. Cas doesn’t seem to blame him, either, going by the hands tugging him closer and eagerly trying to sneak under all four layers of clothing.
Before he can think too hard about it, Dean jerks the steering wheel to the right and brings the Impala to a rolling stop on the side of the road. Cas reluctantly meets his eyes when Dean turns to look at him, equal parts ashamed and anxious, framed by the desolate snow-covered cornfield out the window behind him.
Dean scoffs. “C’mon, you can’t really think a car like this deserves anything less than premium. Not really filling me with confidence, here, dude.”
“They were the first place I checked.”
“When is it they’ll be leaving?”
“That’s incredible, Cas. Bet his parents love having a matching set to bundle him up in.”
“Yeah, takes one hell of a drive to get-”
“In that case, someone would be correct.”
As soon as the clerk opens the box to reveal his mom’s ring, perfectly resized, nestled into the silk lining, Charlie socks him in the arm with a delighted squeal. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell me you were gonna ask him! At least you picked a good one without me!”
“The law is a fine pursuit,” Castiel remarks, voice carefully neutral. Of course, Raphael only ever went into law as a fact of being a younger son — he would never have considered something so lowly as taking up an occupation without that impetus. “In fact, my mother has discussed sponsoring one of the house staff to attend schooling in such a trade, to better serve the care of her accounts. Perhaps you might speak with him about it, at some point during your stay?” Never mind that Sam Winchester has declined her offers thus far. Raphael need not be aware of it.
Maintaining the gardens has become a point of pride for Dean: not something he ever would have expected, when he started the job, but keeping the hedges and paths in careful order satisfies his innate need to leave his surroundings neater than he finds them. He’s in the middle of correcting a wandering edge of the path when he hears footsteps crunching over the pebbles towards him. Fortunately, there’s also a stand of hollyhocks nearby that needs his attention as well.
“Yeah?” Dean’s been bugging Cas about everyone since he agreed to come along. If he’s going to meet four out of Cas’s five siblings, he wants to make the best impression he can, and that means learning stuff about them all beforehand. He’s pretty sure they’ve been over most of the basics, but he’s game for whatever else Cas thinks he needs to know beforehand.
Castiel is fully prepared to endure Michael’s speeches about duty and inheritance. He has no need for them, not when he has Dean. Even if small moments away from prying eyes are all they can have, it’s more than he would want with anyone else.
“We did so miss you this season, Castiel,” Michael says idly, blotting the ink off a letter. “Next year you’ll have to join us for a month at minimum.”
“There were all sorts of things that might have captured your interest.” Not likely, Castiel thinks, even as Michael drones on. “The theater put on an excellent production of...what was it, Raphael? One of the tragedies?”
“Almost finished that novel, are you?” Castiel asks.
Eyes soft, Cas tightens his fingers over Dean’s and lifts their entangled hands to his lips. “You’re my family, Dean. I don’t need their approval, but I do want them to love you as much as I do. If I tell them while all this stress is hanging over them I don’t know that they’ll give you a fair chance.”
“Bad blood there, huh?”
A faint flush appears on Castiel’s cheeks. “I may have already checked the ponds, as well as the windmill.”
Instead of spending dinner steadily charming each of Cas’s siblings in turn like he hoped, Dean’s forced to watch as Hannah plays that role. It’s a constant back-and-forth of reminiscing about their time in high school and college - and not that Dean had a traditional schooling background, but what the hell, people really enjoyed the experience enough to fill an entire dinner’s worth of conversation?
Benny flashes a grin at him from where he’s handling the ladies’ horses. “Isn’t my fault keeping up with the stables requires my full attention, or that your junior gardeners are useless. I do appreciate the assistance, if that helps.”
“What, this joint’s too cheap to get name tags for everyone?” Dean asks. Wouldn’t surprise him.
“Come on, you don’t think I’d let just anyone fill up my tank, do you?” Dean retorts.
sorry about all that.”
“Not soon enough. I can only hope they’ll tire of staying here after the ball. It seems almost everything out of their mouths is some form of complaint against the house, or the size of the rooms, or the variety of entertainment available.”
“He’ll love it,” Charlie says softly. She waits until the ring is safely packaged away again and they’re on their way out of the shop, heading back towards the lot they parked in. “When are you planning on asking him?”
The door opens silently to reveal the study. Neat as it always is, with its trim chairs that hardly ever see use and the desk carefully positioned in front of the window overlooking the gardens. Dean glances over and confirms the main door leading to the hallway is closed, then makes his way silently to the entrance to Castiel’s bedchamber.
The presence of a full, steaming basin of water — summoned courtesy of two maids he
Before they even set foot in the country club where Michael’s business reception is being hosted, Dean can already tell Cas’s words last night were accurate, but it’s cemented once they get past the coat check. The grand staircase leads down to a glittering ballroom stuffed to the gills with a forest’s worth of gold-trimmed Christmas trees, all offset by a sweeping view of Lake St. Clair from the bank of glass doors forming the back wall.
“Yes, because it makes my job so much easier when I have to roam the gardens looking for which blossoms to take for interior arrangements as well as which need to be removed because they’ve been so badly damaged.”
Dean squints suspiciously at the kid who appears from the attendant booth. Sure enough, he approaches the window with a chirped, “Welcome to Gas-N-Sip, what can I get for you?”
at a dark-haired woman approaching their table, and Dean’s so thrown by seeing more expression on his face than he’s seen since they arrived that he nearly misses the way Cas goes tense at his side.
Still, it’s only thanks to Lady Amara’s generosity that he had the chance to develop his natural intelligence into something useful. Not every gentlewoman would allow the children of the estate’s workers any access to her own private tutors, let alone pay attention to reports of his bright mind and personally finance an advanced education for him. Sam could’ve gone into law, if he’d so chosen — he certainly was intelligent enough for it — but instead he chose to repay his loyalty, taking on more of an active role in managing the estate’s finances to keep it sound, adding more responsibilities for himself year after year. There’s no one Lady Amara trusts more, and Dean’s damn proud of him for it.
“If you’re going to talk nonsense, you can go do it somewhere else,” Mr. Singer says firmly, shooing him out the door.
The smirk twists into something sadder before Crowley lifts his empty glass in a mockery of a toast. “I should go rejoin the fun. I’m sure there’s someone waiting to pick my brain about yet another clause that would be explained in full if they’d just read the damned fine print.”
He leaves before long, intent on starting his route for the day. The heat finally does catch up to Dean while he’s in the eastern orchard surveying how the year’s fruit trees are coming along. Fortunately, his location means he has an abundance of shade, and it turns out the apples are, in fact, nearly ripe enough for picking. With no one around to judge him for doing so, Dean sprawls among the roots of one particularly shady tree and crunches into a tart apple. Some of the juice runs down the side of his hand, but he lets it be while he chases the rest of the fruit down to the core.
He stays away from the windows for the remainder of the evening, unwilling to risk a glance inside. It isn’t until the ball has wound down and the guests have been loaded back into their carriages to return home that he finds himself drawn to the passage that ends at Castiel’s private study, intended for unobtrusive cleaning.
“Anyone with eyes can see the young lord appreciates just about anything that comes from that garden of yours.”
The tinny pop music playing over the speakers is grating enough that Dean’s tempted to launch into the whole history of his car, but that’s dangerous territory. “Probably not the best thing to ask me, man. Give me a chance to talk about my car and I’ll go all day.” He doesn’t want to bore the guy to death when he’s just trying to do his job. Besides, Castiel’s just being polite.
“The way you talked about this stuff, I figured I should try it the same way you order it.” Dean unwraps his sandwich tentatively and gets a mouthwatering whiff of fried meat. “Dude, you were right, this is
Steve’s still got that confused squint, and Dean has a brief bewildered moment where he wonders if he’s read this all wrong, if the guy didn’t get lost coming back from having a smoke and instead might actually be hitting on him, when he suddenly remembers.
trying.”
Castiel only shakes his head before turning to direct his mare away to join the others. Job done, Dean takes the opportunity to slip back towards the stable, tipping a nod to Anna as he passes her.
He’s busy gathering up his wallet and phone - it’s his first time visiting since Sam and Eileen moved in, so as much as he hates it, he should probably map out the rest of the way to the house while he’s filling up - when he sees a flash of blue out of the corner of his eye. He turns to see a dark-haired guy with eyes almost as blue as his dorky vest leaning down into the window.
The worst part is Dean can picture it, despite Castiel never showing any kind of inclination towards balls or any other social events in the past. The tidy appearance of his jacket, the stiff white collar obscuring the bolt of his jaw — the things Dean takes particular enjoyment in peeling away layer by layer during their stolen time together. All that care taken in his appearance, all in order to signal his availability and interest in attracting a potential spouse.
