one step forward and three steps back.
"There were days I'd wake up wondering if I was going to be disowned for... well, for," Dean said, gesturing to his whole body with a sharp, jerky wave of his hand. "Not like I don't have a little brother that could inherit. But at least then I'd be free."
"Guess we wait," Dean says, flopping onto his bed and reclining against the headboard. He grabs the remote and turns on the TV, half-heartedly flipping through channels to find something appropriately mindless.
He'd been all right with taking things slow, but if Em was willing, Dean was certainly not going to say no.
He's learned bits and pieces about Jordan's life during the week he'd spent in the young man's company, trying to figure out how to be human as well as homeless.
Dean wrapped his hand around Cas gently. Cas's hands fisted tightly in the bedsheets and he gave a choked cry of Dean's name. Dean stroked him slowly, using Cas's precome to slick his palm.
. Cas had noticed the way their waitress had been eyeing him.
. I wanted to corrupt you and drag your soul to Hell. I wanted you to
"Talks are over. The peace treaty was signed today and the delegation from Kanaan has left," Balthazar said.
again?"
Cas can't breathe.
He'd had his fair share of lovers. He'd had an even greater number of conquests. All that desire paled in comparison to this bone-deep
"Do you... can we help?" Hannah asked carefully, her voice low. Castiel gaped at her blankly for a moment as the implications sank in.
"Shit," he says, momentarily abandoning the griddle in favor of paper towels to wipe up the mess. He scowls. He'd
Dean doesn't have a prayer.
," Cas gasped out by way of answer, his hips rocking instinctively into the motions of Dean's hand. This was about to come to an end far too fast for Dean's taste. Even if they couldn't do everything Dean so badly wanted to tonight, he didn't want the night to end here.
"I have no idea how you found your way in here, but Castiel is
He'd wake up and look to see who was on his rack. His throat would hurt from laughing or screaming or some combination of the two. He'd wake up and expect to see the souls he'd tortured gathered around his bed to drag him back because they knew he didn't deserve to be out.
. With someone. A male someone.
He'd seen the way she looked at him. He couldn't miss it, not with her ghost trying to choke the life out of him. Cas knows that anger, that pain and that fear.
and Dean was nowhere near ready.
Now there isn't, and he has no one to blame but himself.
"Nobody is hiring any hookers," Dean says firmly. In the mirror, he can see Cas's shoulders drop in relief. "We'll keep the room an extra day and then head home."
"Dean," the demon says, sounding relieved. "I’m sorry. Metatron, he-"
"Good morning," he said. It was then that Cas noticed Dean carrying a plate piled high with toast and eggs, still steaming.
On Jordan's recommendation, seconded by their waitress, Cas had ordered the chicken quesadillas. They had smelled appetizing enough when they'd arrived at the table and Castiel had dug in despite still not feeling hungry.
Dean tries not to count them.
Dean: try to the east
"'Pride month'?" Cas echoed, squinting at the sign. Sam nodded, unperturbed and pointedly ignoring Dean's stony silence and crossed arms.
"Cas," Dean says, shaking him. "Cas!"
"It wasn't lust," Cas repeats softly. "I just wanted to be close to you. I wanted every form of intimacy you were willing to offer me."
"No," Cas says. He swallows, tries to calm his breathing. He's only partially successful.
"With any preparations you need to make. Before the wedding," Balthazar said, and from the tone of his voice, Cas knows he's not talking about helping pick out the garments Castiel will wear for the ceremony.
April shakes her head incredulously.
do this.
"He told me his name was Johnny," Jordan says, feeling some measure of relief. "He's still got the trenchcoat."
"I'm fine," Cas replies tightly. He winces as the car goes over a pothole, letting out a harsh breath through gritted teeth. Dean swears mentally and focuses back on the road. They're not far from the motel.
Cas flinches, hunching over on himself like she had just physically struck him.
"The key, please," Cas asks. He's doing that thing where he's not looking at Dean again. Dean swallows thickly. He hesitates.
"Touching as all this is-" the Entity starts.
Cas could have smote the demon a thousand times over for the stricken look on Dean’s face. It passes quickly, but one heartbeat of
Em's expression flickered at that, too quick for Dean to catch every emotion, but then he smiled wryly.
to go.
And, he realized after a moment, his skin was
Cas thinks he would rather be physically tortured than to go through all of his worst moments for the rest of eternity. Pain he can handle, which he bitterly supposes is
He thinks of Dean, eyes pained but resolute as he says "you can't stay". The words had been a devastating blow to a Cas that had still been reeling from the Fall, from the attacks by his siblings, from
The bags under Cas's eyes are still heavy and dark, and he doesn't smile much, so it feels like a major accomplishment to see him relax. Dean's half-hoping to ply him with enough alcohol that he'll either talk and unburden himself a little or so he'll fall into a dreamless sleep tonight, Dean doesn't
Sam is peacefully asleep, mouth open and snoring quietly.
All he can do is sit and watch his world shatter around him and hope Cas lets him down easy. His heart is already in pieces but Cas could so easily reduce those shards to dust with a few words.
"Not yet, dude beelined for the shower as soon as we got in," Dean says. Sam just goggles.
With murmured agreements and hesitant steps, Hannah and Balthazar left the room. Castiel listened to the sound of the door closing and let out a long breath. He looked at the door for a moment, wistful and resigned, then turned deliberately away and went to his desk.
"I brought breakfast," Dean said, indicating the plate. He sat down on his own bed, facing Cas. "Didn't know when you'd wake up, so I only got one plate, but we can go down and get more."
Dean swallows.
nonetheless. Dean angled his head and gentled the kiss, drawing back just far enough for it to become a caress rather than a mashing of mouths.
It's maybe ten minutes after Dean gets back into the motel room that he hears the shower finally shut off. Dean busies himself with...
Assured that he was both still hidden from angelic sight, and safe from possession, he caps the marker quietly and waits patiently for the ink to dry completely.
Jordan looks to the mouth of the alley.
Dean felt the urge to kiss Cas like a physical need. He surged forward and captured Cas's lips again, growling low in his throat when Cas's hands came up. One fisted in Dean's hair at the nape of his neck, the other grabbed at a curved horn and used it to tilt Dean's head, perfecting the angle of their mouths.
The demon climbs on top of him, straddling Dean’s hips and pinning down both of Dean’s arms. Dean struggles, glaring furiously up at the demon on top of him.
Shit.
, thick and choking, and Cas can already feel himself losing the battle.
Sam sighed.
He had just managed to shift it around back to his hip when Dean noticed. He put the egg-laden bread down and looked at Cas's hand, halfway into the pouch.
Dean swallows and ignores Sam's eyes on him. He toys with his phone for a moment, then texts back.
"Oh good, just a 'mistranslation'," Dean said. He turned to Sam, eyes falsely bright. "You hear that, Sammy? Just a-"
Was it really too much of a stretch to believe that today might've been the breaking point? Seeing April again, having her blame him for something Cas already carried so much guilt over, something that scarred Cas so heavily the wounds still bleed...
He's faced down archangels on his own, he's fought Lucifer and Micheal and all the denizens of Hell and Purgatory. He can face one ghost.
"Fine," he says, words clipped. "Don't go anywhere, ok?"
"Home invasion, the police said, though it looked like nothing was taken from the apartment. Stabbed the poor girl living there to death, though." She shakes her head sadly. "Never had such trouble in all the years I've lived here, so it was quite a shock."
together from the shreds of his vocabulary. "Then why wouldn't you be in it?"
Dean squeezes his hand and reluctantly lets go.
," the Entity said. "We had a deal-"
And with that, it's just Dean and Cas again. Dean busies himself for a few minutes getting their groceries out of the bags. Sam really had gone all-out, considering this'll probably be over by tomorrow; there's two cans of tomato soup, a box of instant rice, the saltines Dean had asked for, plus granola bars that advertised 'high fiber' on the packaging. There were three bottles of Gatorade; one green, one blue, one red. Pedialyte too, plus little vitamin C packets and bottles of water.
All he needs now is a charger.
. "It's a bit of human contact. Sex is about feeling good, you know?"
No, Cas thought, swallowing around a lump in his throat. Safest for them if Hannah and Balthazar knew nothing.
"Me too, buddy, me too," Dean says. His eyes drop to Cas’s mouth again. He clears his throat. "Just… fuck, this is new for me too, ok? If we could…" His voice trails off.
Dean shivers and unlocks the door to the motel room. Cas darts inside and heads immediately for the bathroom. Dean opens his mouth to speak, but whatever words he would have said die on his tongue as the bathroom door swings shut behind Cas. The lock clicks and the light turns on.
Almost before Dean knows what he's doing, he reaches out to overlap one of Cas's hands with his own. Cas tenses, still not looking at Dean.
"Dean, shut up," Sam said. Dean opened his mouth to argue but Cas beat him to it.
He coughs again and curls tighter on himself, coughing and trying to do it as quietly as possible so he doesn't disturb Jordan. The medicine will kick in soon, and then he'll stop coughing. He will stop feeling like there's something thick and heavy settled into his chest cavity, different than the weight of his heart and all the guilt he carries.
Cas's knuckles are bloody and would be bruised if he were human. He can track each ache to a mark on Dean's face, and as he stares down at Dean, he feels
Cas presses a soft kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth.
Cas takes the notebook warily. He draws his fingertips delicately down the front cover, dragging the pads of his fingers over the raised honeycomb pattern.
Christ, he'd
"I've never seen anything like it," he said honestly. Gilda nodded, making a soft humming noise in the back of her throat.
"What is it?" he asked, even as he lifted the cup to take a sip. Dean grinned, lifting his own cup.
"Aw, come on Sammy, I'm pent-up in here," Dean says. Sam sighs and shakes his head.
what it was like and the place was called 'The Empty'.
Shoulders. Arms. Calves. Thighs.
"He got his own room for tonight," Dean says. "Figured you and I would be up all night-"
Dean let Cas slide from his mouth and crawled back up Cas's body. Cas was breathing heavily, eyes still glassy with bliss. Dean kissed him, slow and deep, letting Cas taste himself on Dean's tongue. Cas melted easily into Dean, so trusting, still so innocent.
"Stay with me?" Dean asked, whispering the words intimately into Cas's ear. Cas shivered and slowly, tentatively wrapped his arms around Dean, like he wasn't sure he was allowed.
Cas doesn't want to talk about this. He doesn't even want to think about it, but that choice has already been taken from him. With the memories having been brought so strongly to the forefront of his mind, it'll be a miracle if he thinks of anything else tonight.
"Mother has to approve all my reading material to make sure there's nothing that might possibly upset my 'delicate omega sensibilities'," Cas said. "I just don't know how she keeps finding these."
"Said she'd call when she does," he says. He flips the pages, hoping Sam will get the hint and drop it, but to his displeasure, Sam speaks again.
"Since when have I shown an interest in mating?" Castiel asked, turning unhappily to face the others. Balthazar's expression sunk even lower.
"How the fuck can you stand being near me right now?" he demands, almost furious. "I almost-
Emmanuel smiled and lifted a slice of apple from the plate, offering it to Dean and stopping him short.
"You know, 'man shall not lie with a man as with a woman'? Ring any bells?" Dean snapped. Sam and Cas both looked at him; Sam with barely-restrained anger, Cas with confusion.
"Fine," the demon says. He blinks, and Cas doesn’t need to see Dean’s eyes go wide to know that his own have gone black. "We do this the hard way."
Sam rolls his eyes.
This time, however, they all have the same face.
Dean started up a rhythm, bobbing and stroking and sucking. He tongued patterns on the head of Castiel's dick on every upstroke. His hands grew bolder, the hand not stroking Cas working its way into the mess of Cas's pants and caressing every intimate inch of him in a promise of what would come.
Castiel just hoped he was wrong.
Once Cas is comfortable, he looks up at Dean expectantly. Dean grins and settles himself on Cas's bed, angling himself to make the most of the table lamp on between their beds. He opens the book, clears his throat, and begins;
It's just a little too much for Dean to say. One day, maybe.
"Pria-what now?" Dean asks, turning left down the street their motel is on.
"Maybe he got out and then got back in, I don't know," Dean says. He really hopes Cas hasn't been in the shower the entire time they were gone; it doesnt bode well for his mental state if that's the case.
Cas is only vaguely aware of collapsing to his knees, Dean following him down and frantically saying his name over and over again. Cas clings desperately to his body, to the hands touching him and the voice calling our for him.
He lets his voice trail off. Sam, as expected, makes a horrified face.
Dean's not that boy anymore. And sure, he
Dean looks away, tensing a little.
"You're also awake," he says.
It had lived in the drawer next to his bed ever since. Dean had thought he'd find the right moment to give it to Cas, but no such moment had presented itself.
Does Cas want to see her burn?
And Dean wanted.
about you," Sam insists. "And after everything he's been through, don't you think he deserves to know how much he means to you? To both of us, really, but... to
Castiel drank, momentarily overcome by a wave of warmth that had little to do with the drink in his hands. It was good, certainly, spiced and with a pleasant burn all the way to the stomach, but Cas couldn't keep his eyes or his thoughts off of Dean.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
," Dean snaps, furious. "Jesus
"I'm fine," he says hoarsely. Dean's expression goes steely. He steps forward and makes as if to grab Cas's arm, but stops short when Cas tenses.
Because Cas deserves the fucking world, and Dean is... not that.
Cas can see the conflicting emotions in Dean’s eyes. He can almost read the thoughts behind them.
It tore Dean's heart in two, but
He turns and Cas is standing there, not ten feet behind Dean. Dean watches as the inky blackness of the Empty pulls away from Cas in a reversal of that awful moment it had taken him.
"Kid was healthy as a horse," Dean says. "Didn't get sick much, but when he did... he was the most miserable little kid." Dean chuckles a bit and grabs a second rag. He wrings it out and brings it to Cas's neck.
Dean has half a mind to go there tonight and take care of the ghost himself. He doesn't want to put Cas through seeing her again, but... this is supposed to be Cas's decision.
"Just wake up."
Onetwo, onetwo, onetwo, onetwo.
The apartment seems eeriely silent, or maybe it's just that Cas can't hear anything over the sound of his own harsh breathing.
The demon grabs Dean’s neck and swings him around, throwing him harshly up against the same wall the demon had just been pinned to.
"I didn't have anywhere to go," Cas says in a small voice, not looking at Dean. "I was hungry and she-" He shivers, shakes himself, continues. "There was food. I couldn't- if I'd been turned away, I-"
They reached the door to Naomi's parlor. There was a guard on either side of the door and they bowed respectfully before the Prince and his entourage before they stepped aside to allow him entry, pulling the doors with them so the 'delicate' omega wouldn't have to. Castiel's lips twitched towards a scowl before he managed to school his features again.
"Yep. He showed up with that boy of yours not too long ago, helped him figure out what Heaven should look like with the new management." Bobby took a swig of his beer. "Gotta say, I approve."
"Has to be
Cas inhales again. The scent of cheap soap and oil and old leather soaks into his lungs. Without conscious thought, his own arms come up behind Dean’s back and wrap around him. Cas closes his eyes and lets himself have this moment on the dirty floor of a cheap motel, a moment he’d denied himself in Purgatory.
At least the nurses hadn't kicked him out. Dean knew it was well past visiting hours, but someone (probably Sam) had convinced the hospital staff to let Dean stay. Good. Dean wasn't sure Bobby Singer himself could have pried Dean away from Cas's bedside, not even if Bobby threatened Dean's job.
Dean smiles a bit wryly and shoves his phone back in his pocket. Ain't much anyone can do for either of them, really. He grabs the few clean rags the motel provided them with and tosses them in the ice bucket to start soaking.
"'Or'?" he parrots back. Sam doesn't look at him.
"He's sick," he says. "Like, really sick. He won't go to a hospital, and I..." His voice trails off.
He takes a deep breath.
Dean turns immediately, tilting his head up to show he's listening.
the breath as it shudders in Cas's lungs. He doesn't reply.
Enough of his suitors had ended up outrageously humiliated at court that people had begun to suspect the prince was responsible for it, even though no one could prove it. And without proof, no one could punish him for it.
Cas is halfway down the block, walking like he's drunk though Dean
He's shivering, he notes distantly. He doesn't feel cold, though. On the contrary, he feels rather warm.
"You can write in it," Dean says slowly, looking down at the notebook. He squeezes it in his hands, as though to lend or draw strength from the brightly colored book, and then offers it to Cas "It's supposed to... to help."
He sounds as if he almost can't believe it, though he badly wants to.
Dean's so lost in his spiralling thoughts he doesn't notice Sam leave. He doesn't notice the contemplative look Cas gives him, or the soft smile on Cas's lips.
He almost doesn't notice when they park. He only realizes where they are when Dean opens the car door.
He'd defied an alpha. Openly. He hadn't pulled any punches, or danced around his feelings for the sake of decorum, or prettied up his words to make it more palatable for the alpha to swallow. He'd simply snapped, not thinking about the consequences.
Dean sighs, gearing himself up for thirty minutes of waiting Cas out, but the expected sound of the shower doesn't come.
He let the sentence trail off. He didn't need to finish.
"You thought I was going to
"I'm not in heat. It shouldn't be a problem," he said. Dean wavered.
Emmanuel followed his lead. He opened his mouth at the gentle prodding of Dean's tongue, making a small noise in the back of his throat when Dean slid his tongue just along the inside of his lower lip.
"Lost the measuring cup cap thing ages ago, but here," he says, opening up the bottle with a quick turn of his wrist. "Sit up."
Dean lifts his beer and takes a long gulp, then puts the glass down with a satisfying 'thunk'. He smiles, wondering when was the last time he'd been so uncomplicatedly
"Why do I do anything?" Dean asks. He reaches up and cups Cas's cheek with one hand, feeling the scratch of stubble against his palm and Cas's sharp inhale.
Dean exchanges flabbergasted looks with Sam.
He isn't sure what kind of expression he's making, but whatever she sees on his face gives April pause. Her expression melts to one of shock.
"What are you saying?" Dean asks, because he
"Heterosexuality is not one of my Father's 'laws'," Cas said quietly, complete with air quotes. His voice was tight and controlled, a slow-boiling fury riding beneath his tone. "God may not have had a hand in creating every human, but heterosexuality is not God's will. Homosexuality is not Lucifer's work. Stigma against it belongs to humans and humans alone."
Too late.
When he's finally able to move again, he turns and stumbles directly into a brightly lit field. The sky is summer blue and a gentle breeze holds up a bright, primary-colored kite. THe grass is the greenest he's ever seen, except where it's not.
"Lie down. You'll feel better," Jordan says reassuringly. He frowns, though, and puts a hand to Cas's forehead. "You've got a bit of a fever, though. Should clear up by morning if you rest?"
Dean steals one last look at Cas. He sees Cas's confusion, his shock, his fear.
"You can, if you want. You can-
He seals it with a kiss.
"If anyone is with Castiel when you find him, you may use whatever force you deem necessary to subdue them and bring them to justice," she said.
"I can do that," he said. He pulled back, rising to his knees so he could pull off the flannel and the T-shirt he'd worn today. For a moment, his shirt got caught on one of his horns. He held the T-shirt for a moment before dropping it off the side of the bed. He touched the offending horn and looked down at Cas, the picture of sullied perfection with his hair mussed and lips red and damp. His priest's collar seemed bright white in the light of the bedside lamp.
With a small, broken sound, Dean gave himself over to the kiss. His hands came to rest at Cas's lower back, holding the priest close. His body moved on instinct, on memory, and his head tilted and his lips parted to allow his tongue to move against the seam of Cas's mouth.
"Dean. Alpha...
At least in public, Castiel was every inch the proper omega with impeccable courtly manners. His lessons on the matter had been extensive.
Getting back to the apartment building had been both easy and one of the most difficult things Cas has ever done. Cas's leaden feet know the route to take; he remembers these backstreets and these alleyways, each one filled with memories of cold and fear and hunger.
"You seem better this morning. Did your headache clear up?" Gilda asked. Castiel nodded, a bit regretful.
Micheal steps forward, sword drawn, and Lucifer moves to meet him.
Cas is probably furious with him. What if he's disgusted? Or worse, what if he pities Dean?
The case had sounded straightforward when Sam had first presented it to them. A news article about a man thrown out a window by an unseen force had led them to a trail of minor incidents going back several months, all spelling out one thing; ghost.
Dean had never dared let himself think about it. It had seemed too far out of reach, like a star shining brightly you wished upon every night but knew you would never touch.
Cas turns off the water.
"I'm a demon," Dean groaned. "You'd break your vows with a demon?"
"It'll be ok," Dean blurts out. Cas pauses at the door to the bathroom and glances back, briefly meeting Dean's gaze before immediately glancing away.
"Thank you for telling us," Sam said, voice all soft and compassionate. Sam had always been better at the emotional conversations, always seemed to know what to say- and
ghost.
Dean stares determinedly at the TV screen, though if asked he can't honestly say he has any idea what's going on. Or what show they're watching now that the Tom & Jerry marathon is over.
"Please."
"'Collateral damage'?" Cas repeats, almost snarling. "She was a
The library in the bunker is quiet, save the scratch of graphite on paper and the whisper of pages turning. Dean's only half paying attention to the dusty tome in front of him. The book is only tangentially related to angels, anyway, and so far there's been absolutely nothing about Grace or spells or any of that crap.
Castiel walked into his room at the inn and shut the door, locking it behind himself.
Silence fell between them, heavy and suffocating. Dean cast his mind around for something to say, heart aching at the pain in Emmanuel's voice.
"That's ok," Dean says. He's not surprised just how much he means it. He thinks a few years ago, he might have been, but he was younger then, and didn't know what it felt like to lose Cas over and over and over again. Younger Dean had been more interested in his next lay and finding new and exciting ways to add notches to his belt.
Cas forces himself not to think about it. Dean had apologized, repeatedly, and though it didn't help the fear at the back of his mind go away it did mitigate it some.
Sam and Benny had been the only two people who hadn't cared what sex or designation his lovers were. From the sound of it, Em hadn't had even that much support.
Dean swallows. He stares at the duffle bag, the notebook he holds suddenly heavy as lead.
Naomi was quiet for a moment. She looked out towards the horizon, towards the wild, dangerous world outside the castle, and thought.
"Hey, you've got a friend at three o'clock," he says. Cas frowns and looks down at his watch.
Time's up.
"Why are you apologizing?" Cas asks. Dean's mouth works but no sound comes out. It feels like the words are all building up in his throat, a dozen things he wants to say and a thousand more promises he wants to make.
Despite what Sam thought - and what Dean had purposefully implied - Dean wasn't watching porn. In fact, Dean could honestly say porn had never been further from his mind. All week, he'd been stealing Sam's laptop to do something far more important than get his kicks or look up a new case.
Fuck it.
Naomi considered for a moment.
"He's
Once. Twice.
The woman, once more in charge of her own faculties, had panicked and run.
Dean doesn't know what to say. He knows there aren't any words that can
Dean doesn't need his
. It’s a tone he himself has never used.
He can taste cloyingly sweet fake fruit and a sticky, nutty flavor on his tongue. He can feel her hand on his shoulder as she gives him a predatory smile and leans in-
," Dean all but snarled, suddenly furious. Cas couldn't love him, Cas didn't know the first thing about him. Fate was a cruel bitch, dangling this carrot in front of him when it would damn Cas's soul if Dean took it.
"I should have a spare set of PJ’s," Dean says, backing away from Cas and making to stand. Cas follows him up and gently grabs his wrist.
"Then confess," Cas said. His voice was strong, firm,
parts of human existence for him. He should be able to reclaim it, enjoy it on his own terms.
Still, thinking about Dean's low voice saying "you have to go" was easier than thinking about what awaited him at the end of his walk. His mind was going in circles, latching on to all of the hurts and old wounds that surrounded that night because of everything Cas had gone through, those were far easier to think about.
"Last year?" Sam asks. The landlady nods, voice going hushed as though she doesn't want to speak of it.
The demon smirks.
As he lifted it to his mouth, Em's hand shot out and grabbed his wrist. Dean froze, almost dropping the grape, but a quick glance at Emmanuel's face at once calmed him and confused him more.
"Dean?" Cas asks, worried. Dean feels it like a punch to the gut. He forces himself to smile at Cas, trying in vain to keep his posture relaxed.
, just like this-” He nodded to indicate their fully-clothed but entwined forms. “-more than I want sex.”
The demon’s voice is taunting, mocking, and Cas feels a sense of foreboding.
It's cold anyway and he's shivering from the temperature more than emotion now. He still doesn't feel clean, but he can't stand naked under cold water all night. His skin is cool to the touch, pink and not new enough as he dries himself off. Thoughts are churning in his mind, emotions twisting his stomach into knots; anger, fear, shame, guilt.
for questioning in the matter. I want word out to every town and village in Elysium."
"It's nothing," Cas says, but his face has gone pale and he won't look Dean in the eye. "I have to go."
Then he thinks of Dean as he was two weeks ago, whispering "please don't go" sweetly against Cas's ear. He thinks of his bedroom in the bunker, the crisp cotton sheets and the wildlife photographs on the wall.
Naomi's office was cold, at least in appearance. The floor and fireplace were pale stone and there were no rugs nor tapestries to make the place more inviting. There was simply a desk of honey oak and a shelf with books of law, both immaculately kept. The fireplace was free of soot and had only the barest traces of ash from the wood currently burning behind the wrought-iron grate.
He'd offered to listen if Cas wanted to talk and he meant it. Cas watches him for a moment, then looks down again.
"I believe you," Em said. He then seemed to notice how close they were still standing, how his hands still loosely gripped the fabric of Dean's tunic, and exactly how shirtless he was. He coughed and stepped back, almost stepping in the eggs that had scattered across the floor when Dean dropped his plate.
he can do to make this ordeal easier on Cas, Dean's willing to do it. Even if all he can do is hold Cas's fucking hand and listen to him after a nightmare (and Dean's certain there
At least then, he would have a few years to get used to the idea. But this wasn't some distant possiblility, this was concrete and
Still, he's loath to leave Cas if Cas still needs him, no matter how uncomfortable wet jeans are and how cold the water is.
He shook his head, apparently unable to come up with words to describe the experience. Dean grinned, ignoring his own arousal for the moment, even though by now he was in quite a state.
As for Cas's soul... Dean's fears had been unfounded. He stared at the priest, hardly daring to believe it, but Cas's soul was still untainted. Pure.
"You, too!" Charlie said brightly.
"Hannah is to wait out here," Balthazar said apologetically. "We shall escort you back after."
The drive back to the motel goes by in a blur. The sensations of touch have faded to an all-encompassing numb, oilslick feel across his skin. He supposes it's the shock.
Cas hesitates, looking first at his own bed, then at Dean's, and then at Dean himself.
The Laundromat had seemed like the perfect place to wait. It was 24-hours and it was not uncommon to see someone waiting there for long periods of time. It was well-lit, too, and so Castiel had settled himself in one of the cheap plastic chairs, made sure he had a good view of the door, and called Dean. Their conversation had been short and to the point, as Cas’s phone battery was dying and there was no way to recharge it.
Dean kissed Cas again, open-mouthed and deep, welcomed so sweetly by Cas. Hardly believing his own daring, that he was
"This 'deal' of yours," Dean says, setting his chin stubbornly. "Cas told me a little bit about it, right before you took him. You said when Cas was at his happiest, you'd come for him, right?"
He could only stare as Emmanuel drew back, chewing and swallowing and looking suddenly uncertain. There was a beat of silence, one Dean didn't know how to fill, and Em dropped his gaze and Dean's wrist, withdrawing.
There was no use in arguing. His mother was still his alpha and while he'd been lucky and clever enough to avoid marriage so far, it seemed his luck had ended.
An invitation.
"It's the truth whether or not you believe it," he says. "Many... most of my siblings despise me for the things I've done, and I can't say I don't understand. The reaper-" His voice breaks but he rallies quickly, eyes sliding to the floor so he doesn't have to face April as he speaks. "The one who possessed you probably wanted revenge."
The demon abruptly releases his hold and Dean goes stumbling back, the backs of his knees hitting the bed behind him. Dean curses, but doesn’t lose his balance and manages to rally before the demon gets to his feet. Dean brings the knife up, breathing heavily, and both of them go still. It’s a stalemate, each searching the other for a weakness to exploit. In such cramped quarters, a wrong move could mean a loss.
"Dean," Cas breathes, and the relief in his voice is palpable. "
"Gotta get you good and prepared for me, sweetheart," he said, teasing one finger against Em's entrance, but not pressing in, not yet. "Don't want to hurt you."
Cas's expression crumples. Her words are an echo of the question he's asked himself hundreds of times since the last time he'd stood in this apartment, the path his mind had wandered down every time he woke from a nightmare sweaty and shaking.
"See something you like?" Dean couldn't resist asking, voice low and husky. Emmanuel gave him a long, slow once-over, ending with his eyes staring intensely into Dean's for what felt like an eternity trapped inside a moment.
Cas can feel his own lips stretch into a sadistic grin.
"If you need either of us for anything," he said. "-
They would find him and bring him home. Charlie had been so certain just a few days ago.
He blinked. Sunlight streamed in through the open window and he groaned, hiding his face in his oddly lumpy and pointy pillow. He just wanted five more minutes, then perhaps-
"You close?" Dean asked, reaching underneath their joined bodies to find Em's now fully erect cock. He stroked Em in time with his thrusts, hoping to bring them over that edge together and knowing his own peak was fast approaching.
But his ruse with the shower and closed bathroom door won't trick Dean and Sam forever.
-" He snarled the word as though it were poison. "-that's the only thing that anyone cared about."
The rag scratches. His nails bite through the thin cloth and leave raised red marks wherever he scrubs. He can see them like brands on his skin.
“I heard you,” Dean snaps. Cas flinches. Dean immediately regrets his tone, but he couldn’t listen to Cas suggesting
Castiel opened his eyes slowly, painfully. The room swam into view; standard hospital room, all sterilized white and tile. Cas didn't care. The room wasn't important.
, Sam, Cas can't even-" Dean's voice cuts out on him, but his message gets across. Sam thinks for a moment and then pales, mouth dropping open in a horrified 'o'.
He keeps the bills tucked away in his jeans pocket, stuffed all the way to the bottom. They feel safer there, even though his backpack is always with him. Perhaps a few more days, and he'll have enough money to buy a bus ticket going anywhere, with some left over for food and drink. In any case, he can't very well stay here. He's too close to Kansas, and though he knows there's no more danger of running into Dean in Denver than in, say, New York, the proximity worries him.
He tossed the breeches off the side of the bed and turned back to find Em already tugging at the fastener for his own smallclothes. Dean watched, drinking in the sight as Emmanuel pulled the last of his clothing off, leaving him gloriously bare.
The third, formerly angelic member of their little family is still peacefully asleep in his bed. Tonight, no dreams disturb his rest, and Dean isn't sure if it's emotional exhaustion or the relief of having someone finally
"I just want to be close to you," Cas said. Dean kissed him again, soft and slow.
Nothing moves here. It's just a featureless black void as far as Dean can see, but he refuses to let that deter him. He'd known, more or less, what he was getting into when he begged Jack for a favor.
"I'm ready, I'm ready now, Dean, please-"
Dean looks up and sees Cas in the doorway. He looks a bit like a drowned kitten, hair all wet and plastered to his skin. He's got a towel around his shoulders and he'd changed into clean pajamas; thin grey pants and an old T-shirt Dean had given him a few months ago. He's shivering from the cold.
He can do this.
“Then why won’t you let me-”
"She loves you very much," Cas said, unsure what to say. Gilda smiled at him.
Cas's expression is pinched, conflicted, confused like he doesn't know what to make of Dean's words. Like he'd expected to be told to suck it up, or that he had no right to feel hurt.
He does not wish.
He thinks back to his deal with Crowley, those long months spent sneaking and hiding his deeds from the Winchesters, and huffs a small, bitter laugh.
It wasn't the done thing these days, keeping a consort in the palace. Occasional dalliances could be overlooked as necessary to keep a royal marriage peaceful, but it was generally expected that the royal couple be visibly loyal to each other in order to set an example for the lower classes. Affairs were meant to be discreet, fleeting things so everyone could comfortably turn a blind eye.
Cas sees Micheal smile using Dean's lips and feels his own twist into Lucifer's smirk, and he wants to scream because
"Talk to me," he says, on the verge of begging. "Please."
It hurts. He's ashamed of his fear, ashamed of his body, ashamed of the weaknesses and helplessness burned into his brain.
Dean never had a chance in hell, had he? Dean was /nothing/ compared to an angel; and it had to be an angel, didn't it? If Cas had loved them- /him/, damnit- for years? What was a puny human to centuries of history with another celestial being?
"Get in," he says. Cas's sheets are sweaty and wrecked. Dean, having fallen asleep on top of his blankets, hadn't even mussed the comforter.
“And I love you, Dean,” Cas whispers back. “So much.”
"I’m taking him with me, Dean Winchester," the demon snarls, pressing itself up against Dean’s body to spit in his face. "Your precious angel, I’m taking him with me to Hell and I
He wants to beg Dean to go back to Sam, to return to the world of the living and leave Castiel to his fate, but he knows that one look into Dean's eyes and his resolve will crumble.
." His mind is reeling like he'd been concussed. His brain is tripping over itself trying to figure out where the
wistfully, but what if there was water damage? What if some wire inside the phone had been jarred loose by street living and it couldn't make calls?
Castiel sighed and continued staring out of his window, past the citadel to the greater city beyond, and then to the darkness surrounding the city, the wilderness and the roads where there were no lights.
Dean couldn't speak. How to say just how
Dean swallows thickly. He takes a deep breath, preparing himself for whatever he's going to see beyond the door.
Dean groaned and closed his eyes. From anyone else, that sentence would have had an entirely different meaning. From Cas, though, Dean could feel all the unsaid desires hiding behind the words.
"I didn't mean to hurt you," he says. April
"Can I move?" Dean asked, peppering Em's shoulder with kisses. He slid a hand over Em's shoulder and down his arm, letting his hand rest over Emmanuel's with their fingers entwined.
"Do you ever wonder..." he asked, wondering how to word the question. "What if things don't work out? If it doesn't last?"
It occured to Cas that Dean was waiting for a response. Dean hadn't given him an order or lain out an itinerary; he'd as good as asked Cas what he wanted to do.
"Johnny?" he says, getting up and walking quickly to Johnny's bedside. Jordan kneels and puts a hand on Johnny's shoulder. Johnny startles, jerking away from the touch and whirling to face Jordan.
"Yeah," Dean says, voice a little breathy. He clears his throat. "Anytime you want."
Balthazar let the door shut and took up position to Castiel's right. As one unit, they walked.
Cas meets his eyes then, his expression pained.
like he'd been struck, whirling around and pulling away from the touch. Dean holds his hands up placatingly, eyes wide.
Cas nodded.
"Yeah," Dean says. "Let's go home."
Dean likes to think of himself as something of a connisseur of pleasure. He's been in a lot of beds over the years, with a lot of different partners, and he knows how to make sure everyone has a good time. He knows what a good time sounds like, how to tell just from the sound of someone's voice how much they're into it.
Hannah opened the door a crack, barely enough to peek out.
. If Johnny meant half as much to Dean as Dean obviously meant to Johnny, Jordan would bet his last dollar that Dean wouldn't let Cas die out here.
Emmanuel spread his legs, welcoming Dean closer, and Dean was nothing if not greedy. He crowded in, skimming his hands over every bit of skin he could reach in languid, unhurried strokes. He resisted the urge to reach down between their bodies and take Emmanuel in hand, not wanting things to be over so soon and not wanting to overwhelm the other man.
"I'm sorry for whatever it was I said that made you think- anything that made you feel unloved," Dean says. He can think of a shameful number of things he'd said that might fit the category, everything from "you can't stay" to "you're dead to me", and the guilt crawls up his throat again, almost choking off his words. "Because that's not true. I should have told you before, shouldn't just have assumed you knew and... and didn't want it."
Guilt claws heavily at him. Fear chokes his throat. Cas wraps himself in his fury, hoping the demon can’t see beyond his rage.
“You haven’t, right?” Dean croaks. “The times we’ve- that wasn’t- I didn’t-”
It wasn't until later in the day, as they were passing a stall selling leather goods, that the full impact of that morning hit Castiel.
Dean groaned, cock twitching as mental images flooded his mind; Em on his back, one hand on his cock and the other three fingers deep inside. Dean leaned over to kiss Em again, keeping up the steady back-and-forth of his hand, finger sliding along Em's inner walls.
"Maybe someone we already know?" he said, like he knew the answer.
Sam stares at Dean with heartbreakingly wide puppy-dog eyes, understanding and compassion lighting up his gaze from within.
Emmanuel groped at Dean's chest, fingers blindly and clumsily seeking the edge of Dean's tunic to put them back on an even footing. Dean tore his hands away from Em's burning skin to assist, roughly yanking his tunic free of his breeches and pulling it over his head before discarding it carelessly.
He waits, watching the hope in Cas's eyes grow brighter and feeling his own expression turn soft and warm, his heart written into an expression meant for only one person to see.
But Dean was willing, if Em was.
The girl chuckles and puts down her magazine.
Sam and Dean exchange a look, one that says they think they've identified their possible spook. Dean glances back to see if Cas caught the same clue they did, but Cas just stares straight ahead at the door.
Sam nods slowly, face scrunched up in deep concentration. Dean can tell he's probably casting his mind back to that day, adding up what he knows of that to what he knows now, what Dean's asked him not to say, to Cas's idiosyncrasies when it comes to bathing and changing clothes-
"Dean..?" he says, his voice as hoarse as if he'd been shouting for days. Dean's worry softens and he moves back to help Castiel sit up.
It's Chuck's -
He exits the bathroom and closes the door behind himself. He can hear the shower spray through the door and see the light underneath; hopefully, this little deception will fool Sam and Dean and they'll respect his privacy enough not to try the door. There's no way for Cas to lock it from the outside.
He colors a bit at the near slip. When he glances back up, Cas is watching him with a wry, exhausted smile.
And a successful hunt calls for a celebration.
He hears the door open, the sound of cloth dragging against the floor, and then the door shuts again.
"I could have done something, Dean, I could have said 'no'. She-" Cas's voice breaks off and he's pacing the room like a trapped animal. "She had no control, and I-"
Cas breathes in, the air shuddering in his lungs. His next breath is sharper and shorter than the last and his shoulders tremble as he breathes out.
"You ready to order?" he asked. Sam smiled tightly at him.
"Dean-" Sam says, but it's drowned out by the sound of Dean knocking on the bathroom door. He's not quite pounding on the door, but it's a near thing.
Their (rather infrequent, Dean admits) sex life is what has Cas up in the middle of the night worrying that Dean isn’t happy with what they’ve got.
"What are you talking about," Cas said, though he felt it in his bones, and from the look on Dean's face, he knew it too.
At least their waitress was kind, Cas had mused. The other patrons were less so. Some stared openly, with disgust or pity, and Cas couldn't decide which he liked less.
Jordan had paid and they'd left. Their walk back to their bridge had turned into more of a jog when it started to rain; just lightly at first, but with the thunder rumbling in the distance it promised to get worse in short order.
"I love you," Dean said, and the smile that broke out over Cas's face was the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen.
"I do," Cas said. He stepped forward, reaching out for Dean. Dean couldn't move. Cas breathed in deep and cupped Dean's face with both hands. "I love you, Dean."
fault, knows that if he had been smarter or less naive and less trusting-
It’s not even a choice.
"Your duffle is right outside the bathroom," Dean says. "Come out when you're ready. I'm not looking."
Dean clears his throat. He's had his fill of emotional conversations for the week, thank you very much
Or the fever. Or the way Johnny's every breath seems to rattle in his lungs.
Dean's not hungry anymore. He turns away from Sam and yanks the plug of the griddle from the wall.
Beside him, Sam draws in a sharp breath. He doesn't speak.
Charlie: sure thing, boss
"Sure," he says. He waves the gift card. "You up for a little trip?"
Dean had been just about to drift off to sleep, but there’s a note of hesitancy and unhappiness in Cas’s voice that Dean doesn’t like. He doesn’t want to brush Cas off with a ‘whatever it is, tell me in the morning’.
He aches to just leap forward and pull Cas into a hug, but he's equally terrified that doing the wrong thing right now will make Cas shatter like glass.
It's enough to be there for Cas, and Dean's been doing a shit job of that as it is.
Dean shook himself. Writing helped. Not quite the same way a bottle did, but there was a different kind of catharsis in writing than there was in drinking yourself numb.
It should have been a simple salt and burn. Cas should have known better. The legendary Winchester luck had struck again, even with him only being an honorary Winchester.
It was too much. Cas here in his arms, warm and solid and real, and looking at him like that, tongue nervously wetting his lips like
, because he was a demon and
had paled in comparison to the threat of his brothers and sisters finding him and exacting their revenge for his hand in the Great Fall.
The sound went straight to Dean's groin and he groaned. He pulled back just to trail kisses from the corner of Em's mouth to the bolt of his jaw, laving the curve of it with little kisses and nips as Emmanuel trembled.
"Good?" Dean asks, hoping like hell the answer is yes. He can still feel the heat of Cas's lips against his and he already wants to do that again and possibly never come up for air.
"I don't think he was expecting you up here so soon," Bobby said gently.
fading into nonexistence. Cas feels trapped, suspended in that moment and gasping for air, his skin crawling with remembered touch.
He hadn't expected such a full accounting of his sins tonight. He feels the weight of his crimes like a physical thing on his chest, making it hard to breathe.
“… I know we don’t have sex as often as you’d like,” Cas admits quietly. Dean waits, but Cas offers no other reason.
Dean and Sam keep shooting him concerned glances in the rearview mirror, but Cas doesn't look up at them. The silence in the car is oppressive, heavy on his chest and sticking his tongue to the bottom of his mouth.
Dean puts his phone aside and looks up. Sam is still looking at him.
"Ok, so succubus venom isn't fatal," Sam says. "Symptoms include, uh... priaprism, fever, hallucinations, possible paralysis-"
Then Emmanuel's mouth was on his and Dean couldn't say who moved, but in the moment he couldn't have cared less. Em's lips were pressed clumsily to his, off center and rough and
"Where will you sleep?" Cas asks. His voice is rough but steady and Dean internally relaxes. He shakes his head and holds up his book.
Later, neither of them could say who had moved first, but the next thing Dean knew, his mouth was on Castiel's, and they were kissing. Gentle at first, then deep and soft, twelve years of longing and pining conveyed in the press of lips to lips and tongue to tongue.
Dean only had one question though, and less reservation about asking.
that kept happening between them.
apartment and watching helplessly as she brought the knife down, down,
if it's keeping you up at night," Dean says. Cas looks at him pointedly.
"You don't
It's not enough, Dean thinks, but it is something. And maybe he can figure out how to be enough, how to draw an easy, real smile out of Cas, how to chase the shadows from his eyes. How to give Cas peaceful, dreamless nights, how to heal the wound so only a scar remains.
He needs time and space and safety to process everything that had happened, starting with the Fall and culminating in the night before. He needs familiar walls and familiar faces, hot showers and hot food.
Only then did Castiel notice the apprehensive expression on Balthazar's face. His smile faded.
Christ, please don't let Cas misunderstand.
"Good different?" Dean asks, hopeful but nervous.
"I love you," Cas says. For a moment, he allows himself to feel the full force of that love, finally,
"No hospitals, got it," Jordan says. Johnny nods. His eyes are already starting to glaze over again. He puts a hand to his face.
"Cas, stay with me buddy, come on,
Dean shakes his head.
one more time.
Cas looks around one last time. If this goes poorly, if April doesn't want to listen and would rather just take her revenge on him for the unwitting part he played in making the night one of horror for her as well...
want to have sex more often?” he asks. Cas hesitates, which may as well be a neon sign spelling out his answer.
Dean let out a long, slow breath.
"What are you?" Cas asked, though the weight of knowledge was heavy on his face. Dean forced himself to smirk.
On the way, Dean sends a surreptitious text to Sam. If he and Cas are going to talk (and they will, Dean is grimly determined), the last thing they need is Sam bursting in at a crucial moment and making Cas clam up again.
"Can't be long now?" Sam offers, glancing at the bathroom door. Dean shrugs a shoulder but doesn't take his eyes off the TV, where on screen Jerry is investigating the door to a 'mouse hotel' Dean's fairly sure is actually the mouth of a disguised Tom.
the-" Sam cuts himself off at the look on Dean's face. "What?"
, over and over again in his nightmares.
before, but never..." His voice trails off. He breathes, low and shuddering. "Weak. I've been weak before. I hated it then, too."
The whole 'when two people love each other very much' approach was a little too preschool anyway.
"Low blow," Dean growls. Sam doesn't look contrite in the slightest.
Even so, Castiel had never been as nervous or as excited to take a bath. And, regardless of any other plans he had for the night, he hadn't had a proper wash since he'd left the palace. Brief scrubdowns using a washbasin and rag hardly counted.
Dean had noticed. He had always noticed, even before he let himself look, and then after, when he tried to force himself to
"You love me," Dean says, testing the words on his tongue carefully. "And the only reason you don't want to-" His words fail him for a moment, mind scrambling to come up with something less juvenile than 'date'. "-be with me is because you don't want to have sex with me?"
The demon pitches his voice high and desperate, pleading. Dean wavers, just for a moment, but the demon notices.
"Not Crowley, then," Dean said, a little relieved and a lot confused. If not Crowley, who?
"So what, you're telling me there's gay angels now?" Dean asked. Cas's expression darkened.
True to his word, Dean heads back across the room to his duffle and starts digging. He has an idea, since they've got a few more hours until Cas's body clears itself of the venom. TV was obviously not a good idea and he doesn't want to risk them both falling asleep again.
"Cas!" he shouts.
Dean wants to tell Sam that he's being ridiculous. Paranoid, even. Got hit one too many times in the skull by a spook.
He stopped suddenly, stunned. Dean took a few more steps and then, realizing Cas wasn't with him, stopped and turned, frowning.
"I have been both male and female and I have taken vessels that were neither," he said. "Now I am bound to this body, and I do not mind that it is male, but do not presume to tell me that because it is that I must desire women."
Maybe Cas even wanted sex, though if that numbered among Cas's wants, Dean had a feeling it was so far down on the list it hardly mattered.
"Sure...?" he said. He gestured to the plate still heaped with fruit between them, clearly meaning 'help yourself', and twisted another grape off the bunch he held.
At long last, they arrived. Balthazar opened the door and ushered Hannah and Castiel in ahead of him and then, with a quick glance to make sure no one was watching, followed them in and closed the door behind himself.
"Yeah," Dean agrees quietly. "Yeah, I do." He coughs and looks away from Cas. "He's my brother."
All told, he has perhaps seventy dollars to his name now. The change he keeps in a plastic baggie rescued from someone else's sandwich, tucked away inside the backpack he'd gotten from Goodwill at Jordan's insistence. He has a second pair of jeans courtesy of that trip as well, and two new shirts so he has something to wear on laundry day.
For a moment, Dean wants to tell Cas not to write it off completely. He shouldn't let one bad (awful,
"There's a lot of things I never told you," Dean says. "There's a lot of things I should've said and a lot of things I said to you that I shouldn't. I know you told me in Purgatory that I didn't have to say it, that you'd heard me already, but Cas... I'm sorry."
The demon smiles.
He understands.
"I... I didn't think of-" Sam says. He shakes his head. "I mean, I know you wouldn't-"
again, and every time it gets easier as his self gets eroded away with each visit to Naomi's chair.
If Castiel truly had no help, then that would make things easier. With nobody to feed and clothe and protect him, he would surely return with his tail between his legs. She simply couldn't take the risk that her son's stubbornness would keep him beyond her reach until after the wedding.
How lucky Cas had been, that Dean was the first alpha he'd met after having gone on the run.
you, Dean," Cas says, looking at Dean so intensely Dean's surprised his eyes don't burn with his lost Grace. "I wanted to know every part of you and claim it for my own. I wanted to bring you pleasure. I wanted-" Cas shakes his head, like he can't even put into words everything he desired.
"I need a shower," Cas says, keeping his eyes on the gravel of the parking lot as he gets out of the car. He doesn't want to see Dean's face, doesn't want to see the exasperation or the disgust or the pity.
The lights in the apartment flicker. Dean stops, looking around with wide eyes.
He'd been more furious at Sam's other accidental insinuations and worried about Castiel to really give any thought to Sam knowing he lo- how he felt. Right.
That had been a close one.
"Hello, Dean."
"I can't be with you the way that you want," Cas says quietly. Each word is like a stab to the heart and Dean hunches his shoulders, shutting his eyes against the pain. "I'm
"Haven't tried," he says. Dean waits.
Especially after today.
Any surprise or mortification he might've felt at Sam knowing how he felt about Cas had been completely eclipsed by his anger over what Sam had accidentally implied. He was sure those feelings would surface later, when he'd had more time to think, but for now he just felt tired.
He summons his blade and lifts it, intending to kill Dean to protect the tablet, to bring it to Naomi as instructed, but there's a spark, buried deep down inside, that won't let him.
universe's Castiel to go full rebel, but the seeds had always been there.
"Or not goodnight, I'll just kiss you and then we'll- if you want, I mean."
The hunt had been a difficult one. The succubus had been very strong and while Dean wasn't hurt badly, he'd be feeling his bumps and bruises for a few days.
"Any time," he says, and he means for his response to be somewhat light-hearted and flippant, but it comes out equally weighty.
Cas sounds so
Dean chuckled humorlessly.
"Yeah, but Jack busted you out, right?" he asked. He wanted to ask a thousand questions, mostly variations on 'how' and 'when' and 'why didn't you come find me', but wasn't sure he wanted to know the answers.
Even so, there is nothing he wouldn't give to set his past self on a different path than the one he'd taken.
"Cas?" Dean clears his throat. "Can I come in? I've got something for you."
If he had, they wouldn't be in this mess now. But nope. Instead, they'd been escorted to a table and handed menus, then abandoned with a chirpy "I'll bring water!" from the waiter.
Cas and Jordan had stopped off at a public family/companion toilet for a quick wash before continuing on to the restaurant. It was little more than a rinse and a second pass with deodorant; necessary in between proper showers to keep a modicum of cleanliness.
Dean hopes it lasts, but even if it doesn't, if Cas's nightmares wake him again tonight like they did the night before, Dean will be there. To listen, if that's what Cas needs, reassure him if he doubts, or just sit in silence if words are too much.
"Cassie..." Balthazar said, shocked and aghast. Cas couldn't face him. He'd never been a particularly skilled liar and his oldest friend would be able to read the truth on his face if he looked up.
It takes Sam a little over a week to corner him.
"I’m feeling things now, Dean, so many
A car rolled up to the curb next to where Cas was walking. Cas paid it no mind, but it crawled along next to him and the window rolled down. Confused, he stopped and glanced over.
Once there, Dean lays a hand on the hood of his car and takes a deep breath. He looks up at the stars and tries to gather his thoughts.
"... all right," Cas says, looking at his packed bag and then back to Dean. Dean lets out a breath, relieved. Cas turns his gaze to the notebook still clenched in Dean's hands. "You brought me a notebook?"
He wasn't sure whether he wanted to beg Cas to stop for the sake of Cas's soul, or if he wanted to beg Cas to continue. He wasn't sure if he hoped that the reminder of Cas's vows of chastity would bring this to an end. He wasn't sure what he was trying to accomplish by reminding Cas of what he was; surely there was no way Cas could forget what it was he was kissing?
The library lost & found is as deserted as ever. Jordan tugs his hands through his hair for a moment to make himself look presentable, then adopts his best sheepish but winning expression before turning the corner.
He had to.
Dean shrugs a shoulder.
"Cas," Dean hisses in undertone, shaking his shoulder. Cas looks at him blankly, his breath coming in short, sharp pants as he takes in Dean's expression of wide-eyed fear.
"I know," Dean cuts in. "And you
"Cas-" Dean starts, but Cas doesn't want to hear it.
"I don't want to have sex with you," Dean says quickly. Cas stares at him, incredulous.
Castiel stops. Stares. Dean's hand tightens around his and Dean steps forward to stand beside him, staring up at the Entity without fear.
, suddenly realizing that he has no idea what to say. Or, for that matter, what to do.
Jordan hesitates. He gnaws a little on his lower lip.
It will hopefully buy him enough time to do what had to be done. Dean, Cas knows, would be against it, or at least against Cas going alone.
"You wanted to see me, Mother?" he asked. Out of the corner of his eye, he could just make out Naomi nodding with a pensive expression on her face.
Johnny's head jerks back up, eyes wide and
And there's the rub. Dean had tortured, he'd killed, he'd corrupted. He'd lied and manipulated and stolen. Cas knew none of this. All he knew was the drifter Dean had pretended to be, the face he'd put on hoping to trick the priest into damnation.
"-omnis congregatio et secta diabolica, ergo draco maledicte-"
"Yes," Cas says. He hesitates, then admits in a quiet voice. "Nobody's ever asked if they could kiss me. They just..." He shrugs a shoulder and looks away from Dean.
"You tried that tactic already," the demon says. He lifts his chin and smirks. "You should really hear him in here. Never thought I’d hear an angel beg, but ever since we got here, it’s been all ‘please, don’t! Stop! I don’t want this!’"
And now, he had no doubt his Fallen siblings hunted him. Best to keep moving, a nameless, faceless nobody, who could not harm anyone anymore. Before long, he'd have to leave this place, too, lest he bring Jordan into this mess.
He'd managed two bites before his stomach protested. Jordan had watched him over his burger, concerned, but Cas hadn't been able to do more than pick at the quesadillas and most of the dish had ended up boxed to go.
Dean turns away from the Entity to face Cas. His expression softens from cold anger to something tentative and warm.
Cas was- he was in
The tide of anger that had been pulling Dean through this conversation suddenly died. He stared at Cas in shock, eyes wide.
Dean was on his feet before he'd even consciously thought to do so. He lunged and grabbed Cas's wrist before he'd gone two steps.
to find us a hunt," he says. "And it would be a lot easier if my laptop stopped disappearing." Sam gives Dean a pointed look. Dean shrugs it off.
Dean had fantasized about Cas for a year now. Back when he'd first arrived, all his fantasies had been about getting the priest naked and corrupted by pleasure. He'd wanted to do the filthiest, dirtiest things to that pure, unsullied body, simply for the joy of it. His fantasies had changed, shifted, and before long his dreams had centered around bringing Cas to the heights of bliss, to see the sunset cast light and shadow on tanned skin, and to wake to Cas's sleepy smile in the morning.
"Your turn," Em said, bringing Dean's attention back to his face. Emmanuel was flushed, expression almost embarrassed but pleased, and Dean couldn't resist leaning over to kiss him again, then a second time for good measure, more tongue than lips.
Castiel wakes with a start and a gasp, eyes momentarily wide and unseeing at the night sky above him. The hand on his shoulder stops shaking him, but doesn't move.
A tattoo would have been ideal, but was currently far beyond his means. He checked his sigils nightly, and sometimes during the day when he could find privacy, especially if the day had been damp.
"I know," Cas says.
As he waits, he tries not to let his thoughts wander. He tries not to worry about Sam, as his brief phone call with Dean those days ago had revealed little of the younger Winchester's condition. He tries not to think about his Fallen brothers and sisters, about all the siblings with and without bodies who fell to Earth cursing his name. If he thinks of them, the guilt will crush him. He tries not to think about his own uncertain future, the days and weeks and
"And when I tried to atone for my mistakes... I was desperate, and easily led," Cas says. "I meant to shut Heaven with all the angels inside and protect Earth from any further meddling. Instead, my Grace was stolen from me and used to cast every angel out of Heaven and burn their wings to ash."
Dean looked at Cas, half-certain he'd be greeted by a disgusted expression and a firm denial, knowing it would break him if that was the case, but Cas's expression was naked surprise and fear, and just as damning as if he'd confirmed it aloud.
"I'm gonna have to disagree with you there. I think Cas is pretty awesome," he says. Cas ducks his head and breathes out a weak chuckle, but Dean will take it. He'll take any sign of peace of mind from Cas he can get.
He had been doing better. The nightmares, while still frequent, didn't come as often or as intensely as they once had. His showers had gotten shorter, less and less time needed to wash the memory away.
It's an unexpected blow. Cas feels it like a stab to the chest.
Dean looked up to find Cas staring at him, propped up on his elbows so he could see. Dean gently tugged the band of Cas's underwear down, moving it just enough to free his erection. Cas shivered as the cool air hit his heated skin.
After a moment, with the car truly out of sight, the man turned to Cas. Up close, Cas could see that the man was likely young; he had no facial hair at all, not even a hint of stubble.
Cas meets Dean halfway and kisses him, and the happiness
He closes his eyes and listens to the sound of the rain and Jordan digging through his backpack. There's a quiet noise of triumph, and then Jordan is back with a bottle of generic cough syrup.
"Hello, Dean."
Not that Dean would have minded.
It had been over in seconds. Even though Castiel was a soldier with millennia of experience, there was no way to defend himself from the formless black smoke as it poured out of the woman’s body. There was nothing to stop it from forcing its way down his throat and nose.
"Dean," Em breathed as Dean tugged at the knots. Dean chuckled.
"What do you mean?" he asks. April glares.
Cas shivers again and only then does he start moving. He climbs into Dean's bed with only a glance at Dean to make sure it was really ok. Dean has to resist the urge to tuck him in as Cas settles himself beneath the covers, curled up with only his head sticking out of the blankets.
, fuck, just like that, Cas, so fucking good, so
Dean feels like it's something he should ask about, but Cas gets very tight-lipped and quiet whenever Dean or Sam say anything about it.
Cas glances over, but Jordan's back is pointedly towards him as Jordan makes himelf comfortable on his bed. Cas looks away.
Cas lays a hand gently on Dean's cheek and kisses him chastely. Just as quickly, he pulls back, leaving Dean open-mouthed and dumbfounded.
"I don't believe you," Cas said. Dean was abruptly struck by the urge to laugh, loud and incredulous, and simultaneously struck by a wave of anger.
What that is, he doesn't yet know.
Cas shakes his head. Dean frowns.
fault.
"Hey, you all right?"
It's a rather short list. Jordan's heart sinks. The more names, the more likely it is he'll be able to find someone not only close, but willing to help. At least calling all of Johnny's contacts will be quick, and if it doesn't pan out, he'll go with Plan B.
Cas sighs and sobers up. He sits straighter in his chair and turns his hand in Dean's to clasp them together. Dean waits nervously.
"Another freaking apartment building..." Dean grumbles. "These places all look the same. Makes me feel like I've been here before or something."
"Cas, come on. Say something," Dean says. He waits, hardly daring to breathe-
Dean knew they should've left the city before stopping to eat. Doesn't matter how hungry the hunt had made them all, or that Cas got bitchy when his belly was empty, or that Sam had been giving him the puppy dog eyes. Dean should've put his foot down and gotten them the fuck out of Dodge before they tried to find a crappy little diner to eat in.
There was no use ignoring the summons. More to the point, Queen Naomi wouldn't appreciate being kept waiting.
The waiter nodded and scampered off.
"Dean-" Sam starts, reaching a hand out to Dean's shoulder. Dean slams his fist against the door.
Whether or not it was actually his fault... he doesn't think he'll ever stop carrying the guilt.
Cas swallows around a lump in his throat. Dean had prayed similar sentiments to him before, but it was surprisingly affecting to hear Dean say it out loud, to his face, and to mean it so sincerely.
He's rooted to the spot, forced to bear witness as the lights crash to Earth and abruptly vanish. He can't turn away until the memory releases him, so he stands there, and knowing what happens after does nothing to assuage his guilt at being the cause of Heaven's downfall.
"You like that?" Dean asked, moving to Emmanuel's collarbone. "You like the idea that everyone who sees you tomorrow will know exactly what we did tonight?"
Dean's shoulders droop, just a little, but it's the silent signal Sam and Kevin had been watching for. Kevin looks back down at the tablet while Sam watches Dean for a moment more, sympathy in his eyes.
wanted to. I wanted intimacy with you, I wanted
No response. Dean swallows his panic and knocks again, louder.
"Thank you, Jordan," Cas says. Exhaustion makes his eyelids heavy and he shivers. He closes his eyes.
,” Dean growls. The demon laughs.
Well. He's certainly not sleeping tonight. The worry alone would keep him awake, and if Cas needs him... if there's
Johnny had been tight-lipped about his life before the streets, but there had to be
"This is for the best, Castiel," she said. "Yes, you're dismissed."
why the Empty prefers this method of driving its inhabitants insane. No screams to disrupt the quiet, not with all the Shadow's victims trapped inside their own heads.
Dean rubs a hand over his face.
"All my friends are dead," Johnny says bleakly. He stares up at the sky, unseeing. "I have no family." His face screws up in something unnameably painful.
Cas nodded and smiled too, pleased to see them.
"I should have- I could have done something, I should have," Cas says. He breathes in, air stuttering in his lungs. Dean can feel dampness on his cheeks and he's not sure if it's him or Cas. "I should have left, I could have
He can still feel her phantom touch, not only on his bruised neck, but all down his body.
I will do to him
"If we do this," Cas says, and Dean's heart leaps at the possibility of
somehow. He doesn't want to see Cas so lost and hurt, can't stand seeing Cas in pain, but it's far better than Cas having to deal with it alone.
misunderstand. He thinks it would kill him.
Jordan feels his momentary peace slip away.
Cas tries, but the air gets caught halfway to his lungs. He wheezes and tries again, but it's like his panic is feeding into itself. He's breathing in short, sharp gasps that do nothing to get him air.
"It wasn't your fault," Dean says thickly. His vision is blurry, but with Cas's chin hooked over his shoulder, it doesn't matter. He holds Cas firmly, not daring to let go lest Cas break apart completely.
"Balthazar!" she said, opening the door just wide enough for the knight to enter. Castiel relaxed and stepped out from behind the changing screen, smiling as his oldest friend walked in.
A minute goes by. Five. There's still no sound from the bathroom, and then-
wants to. More than half of all his good-time fantasies for years had featured blue eyes and dark hair and a voice like the Impala's tires over gravel.
Dean couldn't lose this.
Now, he was terrified of the corruption his touch might bring.
But he couldn't abandon his country either. He'd never be able to set foot inside Kanaan again, let alone Lawrens. He'd never see Sam or Benny or his mother again.
,” the demon says forcefully and Dean leans back, surprised. The demon’s expression softens and he reaches up to cup Dean’s face. “I’ve waited so long for you. I don’t want to wait anymore.”
"Just gotta get myself nice and slippery for you," Dean said in his ear, feeling the effect his words had on his lover. "You've made all this lovely slick for me, sweetheart, let me use it to make things good for you."
"Couldn't sleep?" he asks. Cas shakes his head minutely.
Cas is staring at him, wide-eyed and shocked.
"You may be a demon, but that doesn't mean you're not a good man," Cas said, gaze moving from Dean's horns back to his eyes. The darkness he found there didn't seem to bother him, for he continued. "I've watched you this past year, Dean. I've seen how you are with the children and with the other parishioners. There is no evil here."
"Cas," he says again. He sways forward, a flicker of doubt crossing his expression. Uncertainty. Cas feels a flare of hope. Dean clears his throat. "Maybe we should-"
"Someone to hold your hair back while you vomit in the toilet," Dean blurts out.
Dean cuts him off with a sharp shake of his head.
Dean couldn't refuse those blue eyes anything. Nor did he want to.
Dean doesn't look at him.
"Security cameras catch anything?" Dean asks, motioning up to one placed discreetly in the corner, looking down the hall. The landlady shakes her head.
"He doesn't need...
The grief is immense and overwhelming, something in him crying out in denial while the rest of him screams at the sudden void inside his chest.
"I'll get you some dry clothes," Dean says. Cas nods, looking down as though ashamed. Dean tries to catch his eye again but Cas evades him. "You gonna be ok if I leave you here to get cleaned up?"
"It was my suggestion," she said. "And you
"Dean, what are you saying?" Cas asks, voice low. He doesn't dare hope, but he can't stop his heart from pounding, his breath from shaking. He feels absolutely invincible and like a feather could knock him over and shatter him to pieces. He's on a great precipice and about to be shoved over the edge with no way of knowing if he's going to fly or fall.
"I didn't- I should have gone back out, taken my chances with the rain, but I... I've watched humanity for centuries, I've seen-" Cas swallows. "Hypothermia. Pneumonia. Influenza."
“Dean,” Cas whispers in the dark. “Are you awake?”
"-audi nos!"
Dean's trying to give him space, Cas realizes. He doesn't know how long he's been in the shower, but he's surprised to note how
"Wait here," Dean said as he pulled out carefully. A rush of body fluids followed him and Cas wrinkled his nose in disgust.
Somehow, that hurt worse than the hypothetical idea of Cas one day meeting some girl and settling down. At least then, Dean could tell himself that he didn't have the right equipment or whatever for Cas to want him back.
"Thank you, my friend," Castiel said gently. He didn't turn. "I'll send for you if I need you, but if I could have a moment to myself...?"
Dean nods once, head jerking like an amateur puppeteer holds his strings.
He hadn’t paid the least amount of attention to the petite blonde woman who had followed him down the hallway. He only noticed her when, instead of stepping into the ladies’ restroom, she’d followed him into the mens’. He’d opened his mouth to alert her to her error, but then her eyes had flashed black and she’d tackled him.
is relaxed and at ease. For all his struggling, he can’t so much as
Dean grinned and carefully maneuvered them, one hand on Em's hip to steer so that he didn't tug where they were still joined. Em grunted when Dean wasn't quite successful, probably feeling quite tender there, but settled himself all the way back against Dean's chest and sighed happily.
Dean wanted him. He wanted Cas so badly he could hardly stand it, to be this close and still not close enough.
love me," Dean growled, trying not to shake, not to lean in and close the last of the distance between them. Cas's eyes were wide and so, so blue, lips parted slightly, inviting and innocent. "You don't even know what I
He isn't
"That's not necessary," he said. Dean quite agreed; he didn't need to meet Mr. Perfect Wings or whoever, didn't need to spend an evening comparing himself to this guy and finding out all the ways in which he was left wanting.
He doesn't need to ask. He already knows Charlie's search has turned up nothing. She promised she'd call immediately, and though Dean hadn't let on, she was smart enough to know what her quiet reassurances had meant.
"It's an old building. Drafty, creaking stairs... Why just this year, mice got into the wiring and I had to have the exterminator out." She narrows her eyes at them a moment. "Now, my building
He hears a soft knock on the door: Sam, asking to be let back in, since Dean had the room's only key. Dean takes a deep breath, one last look at the sleeping Cas, and heads to the door.
A muffled cry.
Cas nods.
"I'm not gonna put this on him," Dean says. Sam sighs.
"What are you-" he starts, but Cas cuts him off.
Breakfast had been bad enough and had left him still hungry besides. He'd spent most of his day in the garage, avoiding both Sam and Cas, though a sandwich and beer had appeared mysteriously on his workbench later in the afternoon. Dean suspected Sam's hand in it, a peace offering after the absolute fiasco that morning had been.
"We should go to the store," Dean says abruptly. Cas tilts his head, confused by the non sequitur. Dean coughs. "We could get you a new comforter. Posters for the walls. A rug, maybe. One of those stupid clocks that makes bird noises every hour."
"You didn't know," Dean says. He doesn't even know if he's referring to something specific or the whole mess in general, because there's a sickening amount that Cas
"What about Dean?" he asks. He has no idea what Dean was - is? - to Cas, but whoever he was
Then the knife plunges into Cas's bare chest and he screams out in pain, struggling against the ropes that keep him bound to the chair even as he feels his all-too-human lifeforce ebbing from him.
Cas runs a hand over his face. He's sweating, though he doesn't feel warm. He can taste the salt residue on his hand.
"Thank you," Cas says, so quietly Dean almost doesn't hear it. Dean forces himself to smile.
"Ah, sure," Sam says. He clears his throat. "Look, Dean-"
Not for a while tonight, if he's being totally honest with himself.
"Good morning," Cas replied. His fingers worried at the blanket, something niggling at the back of his mind.
One good night, that's all Dean wants for him.
And then he had presented, and his lessons on state affairs had become lectures on decorum and he'd been banned from the armory.
"I don't have any protection," he felt compelled to admit. Em lifted his chin.
The door creaks open and Cas peers around it, blinking tiredly at Dean, his hair a mess of cowlicks. Dean smiles and holds up the notebook. Cas looks at it and frowns, puzzled.
Em shook his head.
"Don't leave," Dean suddenly blurts. With that out there, the words start to pour out. "Just stay here and we'll figure it out, I swear I would never do anything- I wouldn't, I won't, we can get different rooms on hunts and- anything to make you feel safer, but I promise I won't- I don't expect anything. Not a damn thing just... Stay. Please."
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
They've all got nightmares, but Cas has some of the worst. Dean isn't sure all what he dreams about, but in centuries of life as an angel (hell, and the last few years with the Winchesters), he's got enough high octane nightmare fuel to last for a lifetime.
Em fisted his hands in the blankets, hips stuttering. Dean redoubled his efforts, whispering sweet nonsense in Em's ear.
The voice on the other side is deep and rough, almost breathless. But that's not the right name.
"You... know," he repeats slowly.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean said, voice hoarse and just above a whisper. He should have told Cas to stay behind, should have
, and then-
"Dean." Sam speaks as if the words are being pulled unwillingly from his throat. "Was he-"
He doesn't succeed.
He pulled his hand away, relishing the strangled noise of protest that escaped Cas's throat. Dean lifted himself up and stared down at the priest, taking in his flushed skin and heaving chest, his swollen, red lips, his sweat-damp hair.
Cas smiles, heart warm but wistful. He'll miss this place when he leaves. He's found a friend in Jordan, and he's had precious few of those. Most of them are dead, many by his hand, and Cas looks away from Jordan to hide the sudden wave of grief that rises up.
of this.
"Dean," he says.
He can't, he
"Dean,
"Patience," Dean said, kissing a small mole right next to one of Em's nipples. "It'll be worth it, I promise. Just trust me."
"But the person I'm in love with..." Cas glanced briefly at Dean and then looked away. "I'm in love with a man. So yes, 'gay angels' do exist, if my having a male vessel and being in love with a man qualifies."
Dean pulls back, lips wet and eyes bright. Cas feels a flare of pride, of relief and happiness: he made Dean look like that.
Dean starts swaying back and forth, gently, rubbing one hand on Cas's upper back. He'd done this for Sam when Sam was a baby and fussy and he hopes it has the same calming effect on Cas. Cas is still locked up, hiccuping and shaking, body curled tightly in on himself. It's not exactly a comfortable or reciprocal hug, but Dean has hope.
His siblings. Falling and burning and it's
"Get a room for yourself tonight. One of us needs to be awake enough tomorrow to drive the Impala," Dean says, his expression daring Sam to argue. Sam only looks more confused.
Dean had known they should've given this one up as a bad job.
Dean paused in the doorway, apparently having noticed Cas was awake. Dean smiled and shut the door.
"Jerk," he says.
"'Stay'," Cas repeats. "You want me to stay."
"I know, I got you," Dean said. He took pity on Em, giving in to the omega's soft, needy sounds and his own urgency. He did place one kiss on Emmanuel's belly, the muscles covered by a thin layer of softness, promising them; "Next time."
"I can still feel it," he says. "Her touch. And I can't- no matter how hot the water gets, I- and the nightmares, they-" He swallows again, convulsively. "I'm back there again, and I can't- I can't, I
Dean and Sam return to the motel room two hours later to find everything exactly as they left it. Dean sighs when he hears the shower still running and sets the bag containing Cas's dinner on the nightstand.
Dean heaves a sigh of relief. With any luck, Cas can sleep through this whole ordeal. Dean will just need to stay awake and chase off any nightmares Cas may have.
The first name on the list - Bobby - is a bust, number disconnected. Jordan goes to dial the second person on the list and hesitates.
But no, even as he thought that Cas knew it wasn't true. He'd only caught glimpses of reality for omegas outside the palace, but it was the little things that told him common alphas were not always so understanding as Dean. The existence of Charlie's knife, for one thing. The lack of omegas travelling on their own, especially at night. It made Cas grateful that he'd thought up his little trick with the peppermint.
The knee-weakening
She inhales shakily and visibly musters her courage.
Dean pulls back slowly. Cas reluctantly lets him go. Dean smiles thinly and shakes his head.
Cas looks down, then back up, opening and closing his mouth like he wants to speak but has no words, like everything that had been building inside of him for months had poured out of him.
Dean’s expression twists, the heavy, uncomfortable emotions flaring hot and light and familiar, easier. Dean turns back to Cas and yanks his wrist free.
Dean sighs and closes his book. He banishes it to the far side of the table with the rest of the rejects and reaches for a new one.
In all of them, Cas had vanished by the end.
He must've been far gone if he was already thinking of a 'next time'.
"Thought that was why you bought me dinner," he said, reaching down and breaking off a few grapes. He popped one into his mouth and bit, letting it explode on his tongue. "You gonna share it with me?"
"I... wow, Cas, that's-" Sam said, apparently at a loss for words. Dean could sympathize. He could also aleady see the cogs in his nerd brother's head turning, a billion questions about angels and angel sexuality forming on his tongue.
But with Dean, there was none of that pretense.
But somehow, with Cas beside him... Dean
“Cas,” Dean says, lifting his other hand to cup Cas’s other cheek. He keeps his tone gentle, hoping to soothe Cas’s flared temper. Cas calms, but there’s still a hard glint in his eye. “Have I told you I needed more? Have I done something to make you think I’m not happy?”
Slowly, Cas nods. He breathes out, shoulders slumping and head bowing.
He waits longer, but if Cas replies, he doesn't hear it. Dean scrubs a hand over his face and walks away from the door.
"It can, if you let it," Sam starts. Dean shakes his head and sighs gustily, exasperated. Sam scowls. "Cas loves you-"
All he needs is a second.
Instead, Dean tries to think about what to make for breakfast. Lunch. Dinner. He concentrates his thoughts on Sam slowly but surely getting better with every passing day.
"Excellent," he replied dryly. "You know how much I enjoy tales of 'proper' omegas finding an alpha and settling down to bear children."
to think Cas would
That's definitely some kind of emotion in Dean's voice. Worry, it sounds like. Jordan remembers Johnny's wistful expressions every time he'd stared at the phone, the relief in his eyes when he'd said 'Dean is safe'.
He spat the last word out. Cas's eyes darkened.
"You ok?" Jordan asks weakly. He knows it's a stupid question; he can see the answer is 'like shit', but he doesn't know what to do.
"But I don't-" Cas started. His voice cut off abruptly as he realized why the woman in the car's smile had seemed so reminiscent of Meg's, what that common thread running through it had been. "Oh."
Cas doesn’t need to ask what he means. The night could have gone very differently had the demon been a little better at playing Castiel, or if Dean had given in to ‘Castiel’s’ advances. Cas gives a brief shudder at the idea of the revelation the morning after, too late to save either of them.
Kevin looks up from the tablet and thinks for a moment.
(again), Castiel doesn't even have time to catch his breath before he's Falling, going straight through the bed to find open atmosphere beneath. He's clothed again and the chill is replaced by heat, burning and burning and
He wondered how many of them were rolling over in their graves in horror at his audacity. He'd practically attacked Dean, and Dean had simply listened to him. He'd even sympathized.
He smiles.
Castiel was almost certain his heart had stopped, except he could hear it pounding in his ears. He felt suddenly dizzy, numb fingers releasing the jar of peppermint.
Cas goes cold. His heart seizes in his chest; metaphorically speaking, the damnable muscle isn’t under his control either.
"You're gorgeous," Dean said. Em smiled, dropping his hands to Dean's breeches and tugging pointedly.
Balthazar and Hannah were both quiet for a long minute. Finally, Balthazar spoke.
Fuck, it had been a
The word was like a stab to the gut.
"He didn't say anything to me. I've just got eyes," Sam says. His voice is so matter-of-fact, so certain that it shakes something in Dean down to the core. He swallows.
and I wanted it to stop but I couldn't, I couldn't say it, I couldn't-"
"She was collateral damage. The reaper went through her to get to you, and that's on the reaper, not you," Dean says. Cas's eyes narrow and he looks at Dean sharply.
Cas felt a chill run through him, turning his blood to ice.
All he needs is a split second, just enough to warn Dean about the monster wearing Castiel’s skin.
Sam cuts himself off. Dean looks at him sharply.
"You gotta wake up, buddy," Dean said. "Please, you-"
He understands. He can neither forgive, nor forget, only try to move forward despite inevitable backslides. He still has his life, at least, and Sam and Dean besides.
"I should've said 'no', I should've resisted, I-" He looks up at April and his voice dies in his throat. Her eyes are wide in shock, mouth agape.
He hits the 'power' button and waits for the phone to load up. While he waits what seems an incredible amount of time, he tries not to think about how this could all go wrong.
This is it. The end.
"Want pancakes?" Dean asks, hoping to stave off the inevitable. If Cas somehow decides that today he's a morning person and actually shows up in time for breakfast, Dean's saved.
He probably should, but he won't.
noticing.
"Can I help you?" she asks. Jordan nods and holds up Johnny's phone.
The second Dean's hand makes contact with Cas's shoulder, Cas
"I should have!" Cas snarls, so savagely that Dean draws back, shocked. The vehemence of his statement seems to surprise even Cas, because Cas goes still too, an apology in his eyes.
It feels wrong to have this conversation half in the hallway. The subject matter feels too fragile for any errant breeze that might blow by, no matter how delicately they dance around the topic.
Slowly, he pushes the door open. He steps inside the bathroom, heart pounding.
what wears Castiel’s face. It’s trickery of the worst sort, the demon preying on a bond and trust that does not belong to it, stealing permission Dean would never knowingly give it.
"Dean?"
"You'd have to ask my friend," he says slowly. "He told me the phone was his, and he's had it since I found him."
Castiel carefully counts out his earnings for the day, feeling mildly pleased with himself. There is little space for shame, so he ignores the feeble stirrings of it.
The demon is
Dean had told him to stay put, he’d be there as soon as he could.
Jordan feels a surge of relief. He nods and takes it from her with a grateful smile.
That night is burned into his memory. He'll never forget the sight of thousands of his brothers and sisters falling, their Grace lighting up the sky like meteorites streaking through the atmosphere. Almost beautiful but so terrifying and tragic Cas's heart ached at the memory. He drags his gaze up to look her in the eye.
Faint, barely audible over the sound of the breeze, but it was unmistakeably the sound of wings.
"I..." Cas started, then seemed to think better of it. He shook his head hopelessly and pushed back from the table, then stood and turned towards the door in one motion.
He can still-
"Hello, Dean," Cas says, glancing at him briefly before looking away. Dean frowns.
"Oh, definitely not," she says. "I called the ambulance for David right away and by the time they arrived, I was still trying to undo the knots. I ended up having to cut through the ropes."
him, locked him in his office if that's what it took.
There's a small, niggling voice in the back of his head, reminding him that he did in fact tell Cas to stay behind. He did threaten to lock Cas in his office, but Cas had been determined and stubborn and Dean had backed down. The thought of
"I'm Jordan," he said. Cas reached to shake Jordan's hand and abruptly realized that he'd never come up with an alias.
"Yes I do," Cas growls, even as his heart trembles and the bile rises in his throat. He forces himself to move forward, wishing he had something stronger than his customary trenchcoat to protect him. He stumbles into the apartment with less than his usual grace, limbs heavy and uncoordinated.
Dean had a notebook, once. It had been a cheap, dollar-store thing, and the ramblings inside would probably seem like a madman's ranting if anybody picked it up, but it had helped. After Hell, after losing Sammy, after losing Cas and finding him again and losing him and-
The priest with the criminally blue eyes and plush lips. The priest with the runner's physique that would put anyone's to shame.
But he really, really hopes not.
Silence.
But he isn't. Cas melts into Dean's kiss like he was born for it, warm and real and responsive, and Dean feels almost weak with the sudden rush of exhilaration and relief that suffuses him.
Cas thinks about it, fighting down his knee-jerk 'no, I'm fine'. It's a lie, and moreover, Dean knows it's a lie.
He realizes too late that he forgot to grab a towel, but the dampness is tolerable. He can deal.
Dean's not altogether sure if he's trying to convince Sam or himself.
"I know where he is," Cas said.
Bobby looked at him then, a little too knowing for Dean's comfort.
, hell, keep him close at night. And take him to dinner and the movies, take him to the middle of nowhere to watch the stars; all that sappy cliche romantic bullshit Dean had scoffed at before.
The bathroom door opens slowly. Cas walks out wearing an old T-shirt that's a size too large on him and sleep pants with cuffs that drag on the floor. He's still towel-drying his hair and his skin is flushed pink, though no steam follows him from the bathroom. He glances around the room.
"... no," he said reluctantly, like the word was being dragged from his throat. Sam grinned.
. Want to talk. To
That didn't stop him from taking Dean up on the offer of coffee, or from taking a short walk in the local park while holding Dean's hand.
A third time for good measure. The lock holds firm. Cas closes the toilet lid and sets his duffle on top, then digs through to find what he needs.
"Being sick?" he asks slowly. Johnny nods, then winces and shuts his eyes.
But there is no mercy in the thing Naomi has turned Castiel into, nor room for thought. Only orders, and Castiel stabs his blade deep into Dean's chest. He can feel the blood as it coats his hand, can see the light go out in Dean's green, betrayed eyes.
April's ghost cannot remain haunting the apartment. Cas can't let her burn when it wasn't her fault, when she wasn't the one who had done this to him.
, Death was lurking close by.
"What did you say?" Dean asked hoarsely. His mouth felt dry, eyes wide. His heart beat rapidly in his chest, fear and victory and bile rising in his throat.
Cas is quiet for a moment.
Dean, however, isn’t paying attention. He’s looking around the room, taking in the two double beds, the small bathroom, the tiny table with two chairs crammed around it.
"I'll drink to that," he says. Cas smiles too and lifts his beer before taking a sip.
"And Dean? He's dead, too," Metatron tells him.
"Dean-"
local greasy spoon for some grub while Sam finished up some paperwork. It didn't matter that that one night had been a bright spot in this clusterfuck of a case, or that Cas's obliviousness to the waitress's flirting had made Dean laugh harder than he had in years.
Dean can
"No," Cas said. Dean stared at him.
It's the only thing keeping him going. It's the only thing holding him back.
Dean frowns, concern creeping in.
"Like... a really long time. Even for him," Sam says. Dean sighs.
"Cas?" Dean calls. "Cas, open the door."
He thrust in one more time, his knot swelling and catching, locking them together. Em cried out Dean's name as his body clenched, shaking and practically sobbing as he spilled over Dean's hand and the blankets below.
Dean motions to his own bed.
Sam's already at the motel room door, fumbling with his key. He gets the door open and steps aside for Dean and Cas to enter the dingy room. Cas makes a beeline for his duffle bag and just hefts the whole thing, intending to bring it into the bathroom with him.
"Or very brave," Gilda countered. Cas didn't have an answer for that. He looked down at his mug of cider.
for a second. Jordan very nearly jumps back in alarm, but then Johnny visibly calms. He shakes his head.
Something shifted.
"Too deep," he said. "Couldn't reach it with my fingers."
He wanted to take the unconscious offer and bite down hard enough to draw blood, to leave a permanent scar. He wanted to claim Emmanuel as his own, wanted to keep Em at his side with a ferocity that surprised even him. Never before had he been so tempted to claim an omega, but there was something about Emmanuel that drew Dean in just as powerfully as a dancing flame called a moth.
Sam's brow furrows in confusion, like he's not sure what one has to do with the other, or what either has to do with tonight.
"No," Balthazar said, but there's something in his voice that told Castiel he has his suspicions. Castiel narrowed his eyes at the knight as he works on the buttons for the collar and chest, smoothing the material over the rougher cloth hidden beneath.
"Is it over?" Sam asks.
"Cas?" he says, looking back at the woman at the bar. He didn't think Cas had any mojo left, but if he's picking up bad vibes from her- shit, the demon- killing knife is back at the motel.
"I know," Cas says softly. "Last week, with the succubus... you took care of me. You didn't... touch me."
He holds his ground.
"Go lie down. I'll get some ice," Dean says. Cas nods, eyes once more downcast, and Dean turns away.
"I can't either," Cas said. "I never... never wanted-
It wasn't a request.
"Isn't that for him to decide?" Sam asks gently. Dean shakes his head, suddenly exhausted.
Johnny sways. He coughs again, and it's as wet and gross close up as it had sounded from farther away. He coughs again, and again, and Jordan's worry skyrockets when Johnny doubles over, face turning red as he coughs again and again and
Sam pokes his shaggy head into the room, frown morphing into a scowl when he notices Dean reclining on his bed with Sam's laptop in his lap. Dean gives the
"Dean," he says. He steps forward then hesitates as though unsure of his welcome. Dean has no such compunctions.
Their talk earlier seemed to create a bubble inside of the room, one Dean was loath to break and invite anyone else into. Here, at least everything was understood, even if all was not well.
Dean's restraint broke with an almost audible 'snap'.
But for Cas... he can try.
"Come?" Dean finished for him. He gave Em a smile and kissed high up on his inner thigh. "Not yet, but I believe you asked for my knot..."
Dean nods, too choked up to speak. Cas shifts closer on his chair, looking at Dean searchingly, imploringly.
-and stopped.
broke it, that means Cas gets to come back with me and you don't get to touch him."
Cas had gone through Hell, literally and figuratively, had died time and time again, and he had done it for the world, for
While in the tavern, he'd also been doing his damn best not to think about Emmanuel naked and wet up in their room.
There's a knock on the door. Dean turns and opens the door to find Sam.
"Going somewhere?" he asks, staring pointedly at the bag. Cas follows his gaze and Dean can hear him shift uncomfortably.
Thus fortified, he picks up the bucket and goes back by the beds. Two queens, plus a pullout, though the last wouldn't be in use tonight. Cas is curled up on his side in the bed he'd slept in last night, a blanket over him from chest down even though he's already started to sweat through his shirt. His eyes are closed, face drawn and breathing harsh. Dean sets the ice bucket down on the bedside table and sits on the edge of the other bed, not wanting to crowd Cas.
"Again?" Cas asks, voice cracking. He tries to cover it up with a smile, but it's strained and wobbly and doesn't come within a hundred miles of reaching his eyes.
And the guilt. Sometimes, he's ashamed that he doesn't feel more guilty about what happened to April, to the human woman the reaper wore, but his first response when he thinks of that night is always fear rather than guilt. He knows it was
"Anyone who's queer celebrates their perversions, companies try to cash in on 'pride', think of the children, yadda yadda yadda," Dean said, staring holes into the tabletop. Sam shot him a Look, but Dean ignored him.
"We've done it before," Sam explains. There's a roaring in Dean's ears that drowns out the rest of what Sam's saying. The tension in his gut is ten times worse than it was when he had been hiding behind the desk, sure he was about to die.
Everything had gone kind of hazy after. Dean's next clear memory is of dispatching the last ghoul and then running to Castiel's side and falling to his knees. He remembers the weak beat of Cas's pulse beneath his fingers, the overwhelming relief followed by deep-seated fear that even if Cas wasn't dead
"Why not?" Dean asks. The landlady averts her eyes and leads them up the stairs.
“Maybe ‘sexually’ isn’t what I need,” Dean says. “Maybe this is all I need, right here.”
He only notices when Cas walks up to him and places a hand gently on Dean's arm. Dean jerks his gaze up to meet Cas's eyes and freezes.
can have this," Dean says. His heart jumps as he says the words out loud, pounding fit to burst from his chest.
What was 'a long time' to a creature that had been around since before the first humans walked on the Earth?
Cas responded in kind. His hands laid fluttering touches all over Dean; his face, his shoulders, down his back, up his sides. It was as if Cas didn't know quite where he wanted to put his hands.
"Good?" he asked, voice hoarse. Em nodded, eyes still glazed with pleasure.
"Because!" Dean snarled, then stopped. He could not answer. He
"I wouldn't have followed her home," Cas says, almost talking to himself. "I would have taken my chances with the storm. I would've hidden somewhere none of my siblings could find me. I would've slept on the couch. I would have-"
Dean opened his mouth. He closed it again.
. Dean shoves those thoughts away so he can stay focused, swallowing down the bile in his throat. "You had no way of knowing, Cas. It's not your fault."
Dean’s eyes flash and his lips thin.
Cas sees movement out of the corner of his eye. A flash of hunter green, the sound of sturdy boots striking the ground.
, he would. “Dean, the times I’ve been with you, it has been because
Castiel studied him closely, looking for any sign that Dean knew, but saw nothing. There was no condescension, nor any sign that Dean was offended that Castiel had dared meet his gaze directly.
"I was worried she wouldn't accept me," Gilda said. "After all, I'm not what you'd really call a traditional omega. There are some who refuse to see me as an omega at all. Some of those have been people I cared deeply for and now no longer speak to. I worried that Charlie would be the same."
Jordan waited, suspicion narrowing his eyes, so Castiel blurted out the first name that came to mind.
"April?" he calls out. He looks around the apartment, eyes skating over the couch, the entrance to the kitchen, the darkened bedroom door-
. Not the full story, because it's not his to tell, but something so that Sam, in benign ignorance, doesn't do or say something that sends Cas back to the world of his nightmares.
Charlie: any luck on your end?
to be seduced', she'd said. 'Sweep him off his feet! Buy him a romantic dinner! Hell, just walk up and tell him 'nice boots, want to-''
“I want you,” Dean says honestly. “I could have you once a night and twice on the weekends and I’d still want you.” He clears his throat. “But I don’t need it.”
The bathtub was already gone from the room, which Dean noted with relief. He had not been looking forward to try dragging that thing out the door of their room if the inn's staff hadn't gotten around to it yet.
"Raphael had to be stopped, but I didn't need to exact vengeance on his followers. None of them could have opened the Cage. None of them were powerful enough to put the Apocalypse back on track, not without an archangel. But I... I thought I could improve things. Make the world better."
"Why not?" he says. "You won't let me take you to the hospital. You don't want me to call anyone. Johnny..." Jordan takes a deep breath, trying not to shake. "I can't- I don't have the medicine you need. I can't take care of you."
is a beta. Her options are not so limited as yours."
"Intrude?" Dean echoed. "Cas, you're not intruding. You're-"
Castiel went still. Hannah stopped trying to get him presentable and looked over at Balthazar, eyes wide.
"It doesn't make you weak," Dean says finally. "It just means you made it through."
"You want me," Dean echoed. Cas nodded. "I'm a demon. I've done shit- you don't even
Whether he had Dean for one night or a thousand, he didn't think he would come to regret it. He hadn't been completely oblivious to the looks Dean had been giving him, though he'd chosen to ignore them at first. Being an omega prince made him a fine prize for any nobleman, knight, or visiting royalty, and Castiel had learned early on how to identify an alpha's lust when it was directed at him. Sometimes, that knowledge was his only weapon and only defense, since Naomi had repeatedly refused to let him carry a knife.
Dean breaks the kiss but doesn't go far. He grins at Cas, unable to contain the happiness bursting within him, and Cas responds with the most gorgeous, gummy smile Dean has ever seen.
Cas neds time. Dean knows that. Today was a nasty shock for him and Dean's sympathetic, he is, but he also won't calm down until he's seen for himself that Cas has calmed down. He needs to see Cas relaxed and recovering, but he can't just burst into the bathroom and drag Cas out to keep an eye on him. He needs to give Cas his space to breathe and needs to give him time. He understands that. He does.
"I came to talk," Cas says. If there's a slight shake to his voice, he supposes bitterly that at least no one here will judge him for it.
"Breathe out," Dean says. The air gusts from Cas's lungs, too quickly, but Dean just leads him through another breath. And another. Again.
"Apologies for leaving early last night, but I needed the rest, I think. I feel much better today," he said. He'd still put the peppermint salve on before they'd left, but the prospect of not needing it when in the room anymore was a cheering one.
She worried, but had no one to share her concerns with except Balthazar. Castiel had become more withdrawn and quiet in the last month, doing little except dedicating himself to sewing and writing something he wouldn't let her see.
And if Emmanuel said no, if he didn't want that life for himself... well, Dean would do what he could. The least he could offer was work if Emmanuel wanted to earn his way, or enough coin to get Em set up doing whatever he pleased with his time.
Dean kept his pace slow, even as anticipation thrummed through his blood. He pressed inwards, gently, just enough to tease the tight ring of muscle into almost giving but not quite, then drew back to run his slick fingers over the sensitive skin behind Em's balls.
"I'm taking Cas back," Dean says. The Entity laughs, high and horrible.
How was he supposed to put into words how brave, how beautiful, how
"I'm also not sitting and staring at walls," Dean replies, raising an eyebrow. Cas sighs and looks away again. Dean settles himself in his chair as if for a long wait, even though it's after midnight and all he really wants to do is go back to bed and actually sleep, without thoughts of what-cannot-be plaguing him.
"Well, I think that's my cue," Bobby said, nodding decisively. He pushed himself up and out of his chair and made a show of brushing imaginary dust off of his shirt. "Should go see what Karen's got baking."
me. Your friends killed me, and now I'm-" Her voice cuts out.
Dean didn't think he could handle seeing that again.
," she says, voice growing more incredulous and angry with every word. She shakes her head sharply and her arms clench tighter around her chest. "I don't want to hear
"Out," Dean says, letting the air leave his lungs audibly. Cas's exhale shudders. "Good, now in again."
"I'm John," he said. Like the Apostle, brother of James, beloved of his Lord. Like the Winchester patriarch, the man who should have safeguarded his sons but failed. Like the nameless men whose unclaimed bodies rested in morgues and hospital beds.
"Just wake up," Dean says. He'd be ashamed of the pleading note in his voice if he wasn't so desperate for this to work.
"Glad I could help," she says. "Have a nice day!"
Em's eyes widened as he adjusted to it, moving his hips a little as though to get a feel for what was inside him.
"Dean- Look, Dean, I-" Sam runs both hands through his hair this time and takes an audible breath in. "So I'm happy you're finally going to tell Cas how you feel about him, and I totally support you and all, but is now
, as he had first suspected, happytime dream sounds. In the low light streaming in through the blinds of the motel room, Dean can see Cas's face scrunched together in fear, his chest rising and falling rapidly. Dean winces in sympathy and feels his irritation abruptly banked.
"Like Balthazar said, we knew this day would come," he said. "I'm only surprised it didn't happen sooner."
"Cas, Cas hey-" Dean says, frantic as he cups his hands around Cas's face. "Breathe, buddy, it's ok, you're safe, see, breathe just like me-" He takes a deep, exaggerated breath in, eyes locked on Cas's and is rewarded when Cas tries to imitate him. The former angel's breath hiccups on the inhale.
Dean followed Emmanuel up the stairs to their room, doing his absolute damnedest not to stare at the way Em's tunic clung to his damp skin, or the contrast of his wet hair against his neck, or the curve of his-
And, shit. He was thinking about 'foundations' and romantic gestures and slow seductions and not even
The demon seems almost
The silence is loud, oppressive. Cas can feel his heart pounding, the pieces slowly coming together to form a picture he never imagined possible. One he had never dared let himself hope for.
"And by 'one of us' you mean me, because...?" Sam asks.
He stopped. He looked down, smoothing his hands over the blanket that had covered him during the night.
"The reaper told me
He just needed Cas. He needed him to choose, needed him naked and pliant, needed him chaste and safe.
Whatever there is between them will be for
Cas would ask that. Of course he wouldn't know that no, there's a huge goddamn difference, even if the mechanics are the same.
On the other hand, maybe Dean
, Castiel," Naomi said warningly. Castiel shut his mouth and strove for calm.
Everything from his stomach upward.
Cas watches her slide the key home without really seeing it, the sound reverberating in his ears like thunder. He shivers with the sense-memeory of being cold and wet, his stomach cramping with remembered hunger.
"I'm not the alpha my dad wanted me to be," Dean said bitterly, voice low. "My mom either, but Dad was always more obvious about it than she was."
"Shit-!" Dean curses, knife already in hand, but even so he’s not quick enough. The demon backhands Dean viciously across the face. In seconds, the demon has seized Dean’s shirt and shoved him down onto the bed. Dean lets out a pained, gasping sound as the air is forced from his lungs.
Then there's pressure all around him. More than a dozen feet of water separate him from the surface he knows he'll never see again, and his last thought as the Leviathans rip through his flesh is that he'd
Dean didn't think. All he knew was that Cas couldn't love him and he
"Just... think about it?"
"Then you don't," Dean says. "Nobody is going to make you."
Of course Cas
"It's Dean," Dean replies. "Sam and I are gonna go do a little research and grab some dinner. We'll be back right after; you want anything?"
He doesn't want to go. Still, he trails after Sam and Dean, his heart pounding in his ears and his palms sweating.
But Dean came for him. Dean is standing next to him, holding his hand, and staring down the Entity on his behalf.
"In our true forms, we have neither sex nor gender," Cas continued, eyes boring into Dean's. "Over time, an angel might come to prefer one gender over the others. Anael preferred the female form, so when she Fell, she chose to be born female. Balthazar favored the male form purely for... recreational purposes. Often with several different partners. Gabriel enjoys being both, or neither, or taking a vessel he can present whatever way he chooses that day. Others of my siblings will simply take whatever vessel is available to them."
Dean's still trying not to think about it too hard, trying not to think about all the 'what ifs'. If only Dean had done something differently, maybe-
He takes the angel blade he always carries with him and stabs a hole into the bottom corner of the bag of salt. He steps a little further into the room and turns slowly, arm held out wide to spill the salt in a large circle. The salt pours from the bag with a quiet sussurus of sound, like a snake slithering through a hedge.
Cas's touch was tentative and unsure to begin, but firmed as Cas grew in confidence. Dean couldn't help the way his hips rocked into the caress, needy moans and whispers of encouragement pouring from his mouth.
Part of him bitterly supposes that his actions didn't really matter, not if the reaper was hunting him. It was possible they would've possessed any willing vessel Cas happened to be near, but it's hard not to wonder if, in some other timeline, another version of himself had been smarter or luckier and had made it through his stint of homelessness with no lasting scars.
Unconsciously, his arm tightened around Em.
Dean stopped his trail of kisses just below Cas's navel. Cas's breathing was rough and uneven, his eyes fixed on Dean as Dean delicately unbuckled Cas's belt. Dean popped open the button on Cas's slacks and slowly brought the zipper down.
Dean's quiet for a moment before he finally responds.
"You didn’t know," Cas says. Dean lets out a sharp bark of a laugh and shakes his head.
Cas had done as he was told, nervous about what would happen when Dean finally arrived. He’d taken some change he found in his pockets and bought himself a bottle of water, then gone to the bathroom to relieve himself.
Jordan sounds hesitant, unsure, but Cas doesn't call him on it. He nods and lies down, curling up on his side in case he starts coughing again. He can feel it tickling the back of his throat.
Cas lowers the shirt to lay on top of the duffle with the pants and boxers. He takes a deep breath and then quickly strips himself, trying not to think about the cool air on his skin.
He lets the sound of the shower lull him back to sleep.
But Dean is a warm, solid presence next to him. Sam and Dean had come charging in and found that this time, Cas had saved himself.
Between his legs. His hips. His chest. His neck.
"That's the plan. If you want me to," he says. He looks at the book for a moment. "Or I could just watch you- watch over you."
Hannah walked into the room with the breakfast tray and shut the door behind herself. She headed for the small table where the prince usually took his meals, sparing the bed a glance as she went.
Dean snorts.
"Is there anyone I can call?" Jordan asks gently. "Family? Friends?"
In the morning, he would tell Em everything. About being a prince, about the sham of a marriage, the treaty that necessitated it, everything. He would lay everything he was at Emmanuel's feet and then he'd ask him to stay.
It's dark here. Darker than Dean had expected, even though Jack had
"I'm not done," Dean says sharply, never taking his eyes away from Cas. "I just had to say that first."
Only then does he stare down at his clothes and grimace. He makes his way to his duffle and strips himself quickly, tossing the wet clothing to the side and getting into his pajamas.
"I- yes," he said. Dean looked at his plate, obviously thinking hard about something. Cas didn't dare move, feeling the tension drawn taut, like a bowstring seconds before release.
Dean grinned and climbed back into the bed slowly, letting Emmanuel look his fill. There was something so powerful about seeing such naked desire in a lover's eyes, especially Em's eyes, and Dean reveled in it.
And now it's late, nearing midnight, and Dean can't fucking turn his brain off long enough to sleep. He keeps thinking about what Sam had said and wondering-
He bowed politely, keeping his expression calm and eyes downcast.
Cas looks at him again, then back down. Dean waits, but when it becomes obvious that Cas isn't going to be the one to break the silence, he speaks.
considering... well. Everything.
The kiss breaks for Dean to let out a quiet, choked ‘haa’ and then they’re kissing again, Dean’s arms wrapping around Cas and cradling him. Cas finds his own arms around Dean’s neck. The sensory overload is overwhelming and Cas doesn’t notice the kiss turn heated, too wrapped up in the sensation of DeanDean
For a moment, Johnny's alertness returns to him. He sits back up abruptly and clutches at Jordan's shoulder with one hand. Jordan is stunned into stillness, staring wide-eyed at Johnny's panicked expression.
"Butter," Dean says, picking up the tub of butter and shoving it into Sam's chest. "Syrup. Go eat."
"Just..." Sam says. "What if he slipped and hit his head? Or-"
, with just about everything out and open between them.... Dean didn't think he'd ever been happier.
apartment.
"Jordan," he croaks. He puts a hand to his head as though dizzy. "I... don't feel well."
Cas moaned loudly, helpless to stop the noises spilling from his throat. He thrust up into Dean's mouth, down against his probing fingers, hands white-knuckled in the sheets. Dean's name fell from his lips again and again like a prayer.
me?" Dean said. He seized one of Cas's hands and pulled, placing the priest's palm on his horn. "Does that feel
His maidservant, Hannah, looked up from her mending, a small smile on her face.
"Shit, are you sick?"
Or, far worse, that he'd be captured by slavers or killed by bandits.
Cas drifted into sleep, happier than he could remember being in a long, long time.
Cas is grateful for the change in topic and nods even though he doesn't want to get up, especially for something that sounds as unappetizing as food. He's not hungry, though he's vaguely aware that he probably should be. Another aspect of humanity to get used to, he supposes. Knowing when your body needs something even though it refuses to signal you. He had to make taking care of this body a priority, now that he was trapped inside of it.
"As for the- the other thing," Dean says. He takes a deep breath. "The feelings thing. You're not... wrong. But we're
"No," Cas says, quiet and decisive. "I didn't."
Johnny's voice is resigned, helpless. Jordan feels suddenly chilled and he shivers.
It's like breaking through a thick layer of ice after too long underwater and taking a deep lungful of air.
words. They're just all stuck in his throat.
Johnny shakes his head and rolls onto his side.
"Like... ever?" Dean asked. Cas shook his head even as he stepped closer.
Dean: no. no luck by you either?
he's been trying hard not to think.
"Thank you," Cas says. He blinks at the bottle, trying to read the tiny print on it. "How much do I-"
Castiel straightened up and, still keeping his eyes down, shoulders back and head tilted to show off the graceful line of his throat, he glided towards the door. It opened as he approached, the guards having surely heard his footsteps on the stone. He dared a glance behind him as he left.
"You don't look it, either," Jordan quips automatically. He slowly reaches out to press the back of his hand against Johnny's forehead. It's hot, too hot, and Jordan feels his worry ratchet up another notch.
The demon snarls in pain and rage. He draws his fist back to punch, but Dean is quicker. Dean’s strike hits across Cas’s jaw and then Dean is surging up, taking advantage of the demon’s loss of balance to shove him backwards.
He watches as Dean and Sam introduce themselves to the landlady as FBI agents, and she's so charmed by their smiles and ease nobody seems to notice that Cas doesn't flash his badge.
"I don't know," Dean says tightly, staring at the empty shower stall like it's personally responsible for Cas's vanishing act. He steps forward and yanks the handle to turn off the water, not even caring as icy water soaks his sleeve. "But he's probably doing something really fucking stupid."
Dean’s expression is furious, fiercely protective.
"'Where there is love, there is His grace'," Cas quoted softly, from what book Dean didn't know. It was enough. Dean wanted this so badly. If Cas wanted it too, who was Dean to deny him?
Dean wondered how long Emmanuel had been holding that anger in. Years, if he had to guess; years of anger and frustration and isolation, with nobody willing to listen or to understand. Or at the very least, nobody willing and able to help.
and has to be even worse for Cas.
Task completed, Dean gave himself a perfunctory wipe-down with the cleanest part of the tunic he could find and then tossed it aside. He reached for Cas and carefully pulled him to a sitting position, much to Castiel's displeasure.
"I'm getting a beer. Want anything?" He directs the question more at Kevin than at Sam, who is still regarding Dean with sympathy.
"I'm sorry to intrude," he said, shifting on his feet. "This was meant to be your space, but it's not quite finished yet. When I sensed you had arrived in Heaven..." His voice trailed off, like he wasn't sure where to finish the thought.
"I want you
"Are you telling me you weren't?" he asked. Cas frowned.
Cas doesn't seem to have it in him to argue. He just shakes his head but makes no protest as Dean follows him the rest of the way to the motel.
He feels lighter than he has in months. There's a calm inside him he didn't realize he was missing until now, something that almost feels like atonement.
"You're... in love?" Dean asked, hoping no one else could hear how choked he sounded. Sam shot him a concerned look, so Dean supposed he hadn't been all that subtle.
“‘Please don’t do this to Dean’,” he says softly. Dean flinches briefly, then draws in another slow breath. “‘I don’t want it to happen like this.’”
Em just smiled.
"What just happened?" Dean asks, already standing and reaching to take out his wallet. Sam shakes his head helplessly, but he's already waving Dean off.
"Wha-
Cas's voice breaks, and with it, so does Dean.
He lets it drop. The bag makes only a slight thump when it hits the floor, deflated and small.
seek the destruction of man."
Dean’s staring at him, open and naked and warm. Almost innocent.
He'd gotten better, eventually. The night terrors had dropped off and the nightmares were much easier to bear in comparison. The panic attacks stopped coming so often.
"Agents?" the landlady says, concerned, and Sam is looking around the small apartment with dawning comprehension.
He wrapped a hand around himself. Cas shifted, and suddenly there was a hand on Dean's wrist, tugging him gently away.
"If this is supposed to be where I'm happiest, how can you think that doesn't include you?" Dean asked, stepping forward. Cas's eyes widened and he went still, just like that time Dean had found him by the stream in Purgatory.
"I could have told you that," Cas bites out. He takes a deep breath. "I'll be fine."
But he dared not turn around, just in case this was another dream. Another nightmare; he'd had so many. Dreams where he'd been a little faster, dreams where Cas had been a little slower, where just
"Cas-" Dean starts, but Cas is having none of it. He pushes past Dean into the motel room proper, like suddenly being cornered in the bathroom is too much.
And he really,
April just stares at him in stunned silence. Cas can't find words, any words, to try and explain himself further. He's loath to dredge up details she might see as excuses, sick at the idea of halving his burdens by placing any more weight on her shoulders.
, Cas promises, though he has no idea how he’s going to carry through with his threat. The demon merely laughs again, louder and more amused.
It's not something Dean likes to think about, a pang of guilt hitting him hard every time he sees that haunted, hunted look in Cas's eyes.
There was a woman in the driver's seat, smiling in a way that made him uneasy for no reason he could quite discern. It reminded him vaguely of Meg, all sharp edges.
Dean clears his throat.
the demon crows. Cas flinches at the reminder of his lost wings.
Seeing even the broken, ugly parts of Dean’s soul and somehow deeming them beautiful and worthy of love. Somehow taking those broken pieces and making them whole again.
Cas hears his oldest friend gasp, shocked and in pain. Balthazar turns to face him in that forest clearing and Cas watches as he falls, wings scorching the ground around him.
He did the next best thing.
Cas is shaking his head.
He cupped Cas's face with one hand, drawing his thumb tenderly across Cas's cheekbone. Cas inhaled sharply, looking thunderstruck.
"Take my son's guard with you. Keep a close eye on him. If Balthazar attempts to make contact with Castiel, he may lead us directly to him," Naomi said. "Have Hannah reassigned to the laundry. If she makes any attempt to leave the castle, follow her."
"You're dead to me," he says flatly. Cas feels a stab of
Dean didn't need to finish his sentence. Castiel could read it on his face. He was lost for words, the fiction he'd been carefully maintaining in shambles at his feet.
"Just Mandy," the landlady says. "Amanda Green, his girlfriend. And she couldn't have pushed him, not that she would."
Dean feels his anger, slowly simmering to a full boil, suddenly flare. Some of it is directed inwards, for not noticing this sooner, for not being there earlier, but the vast majority of it has a target far outside of himself.
Cas frowns, head tilted in a way that Dean has always found endearing. He aches, pain lancing through him at the sight.
"Em, there's nothing wrong with being an omega," he said, trying to sound reassuring. "You don't need to be ashamed-"
He hesitates, his need for warmth and safety and shelter and
Dean's heart stops. The blood drains from his face and he stares at Cas in horrified shock, frozen in place. Cas looks at him then, expression pained and apologetic, and Dean feels the bile climb up his throat.
"Dean..." Cas says softly. He can feel the Entity's malevolence rising and the urge to get Dean out, to get him to safety, far outweighs any concern Castiel might have for himself. "It's all right, I-"
“I won’t,” he promises. It’s Cas’s turn to breathe deeply. “I really do enjoy intimacy with you, Dean. It’s just that, for me, intimacy very rarely takes the form of sex.”
ignites in him glows brighter than the sun, brighter than the light of Heaven and a thousand times more warm. It's like an explosion centered on him and Dean and the places they touch, the places their bodies connect and the spaces in between.
Much.
After everything with April, after
“Shouldn’t you get a say in this?” Cas asks. Dean huffs out a laugh.
Cas looks at him. Dean meets his eyes steadily, hoping Cas can read the truth in them.
Em was so tight around him, so hot and wet, muscles contracting around Dean in a wave Dean could feel from tip to root. He settled himself there, just breathing as he waited for Em's body to adjust.
Dean plunged his fingers back in, unerringly seeking out that
going behind it. His arms are crossed over his chest, fingers drumming a bruise into the meat of his bicep.
"I'm coming with you," Dean says. Whatever Cas is dealing with, he shouldn't have to do it alone.
The alphas of his country liked their omegas docile and pliable. For all that Castiel had to play at being the perfect omega in public, he'd never been the type to roll over and submit. A multitude of polite refusals and dryly sarcastic 'praise' was usually enough to discourage all but the most determined alphas and for those, Castiel took a more direct approach.
Cas isn't looking at him, but instead looking somewhere off to the side behind Dean.
He's drawn and pale, gaze fixed on the floor. He's half out of his trenchcoat but hugging his arms around himself, like he couldn't bear to actually let go of the cloth barrier, despite the AC in the motel isn't working and the room is balmy.
At least now he can worry closer.
The moment shatters. April snarls and lunges forward, throwing him bodily against the far wall. The landlady screams. Dean shouts as Castiel's head strikes the plaster, leaving a sizeable dent. Cas collapses to his knees, head reeling and stomach heaving.
"Cas-"
He breathes. He counts.
It's been two weeks since their first kiss, late that night in the library. Since then there have been more kisses; chaste, sweet things Dean always asks his consent for, save the one or two times that Cas himself initiated. Dean trusts him to know his own limits, never doubtfully asks if Cas is sure, just smiles warmly and draws Cas close with hands that never wander.
Dean breathed. He heard the steady beep of the heartrate monitor, the click and hiss of the breathing mask.
wasn't enough for him to find happiness and Billie killed them both. Dreams where Dean couldn't scream or move as the Empty dragged Cas away.
It's not a stretch at all.
"Where's Sam?" Cas asks. Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck. He needs to phrase this better than he did with Sam; he doesn't want Cas misinterpreting his meaning the same way Sam did.
At long last she speaks.
Dean drank him in like Cas's mouth was made of ambrosia. He tried desperately to ignore the way Cas was arching into him, pressing their bodies closer, closer. This wasn't arousal or sexual desire, just a pure, sensual need for touch. To make this real.
"Try someone a little more... righteous," Sam said.
Cas holds the shirt to his chest and breathes in deeply. It doesn't smell like Dean, not anymore, but the smell of the laundry detergent is the same that Dean uses. It's enough.
