She barks a dark chuckle, her pretty teeth flashing white at me. “That you two break whatever little conspiracy you are weaving against me. Oh, don’t look at me like that — you are good, but John is transparent. True, it took me some time to figure it out, but…” She stands suddenly; I am pinned to my armchair. Her eyes don’t leave mine. My head spins, thoughts in a whirlwind. John, in love with me? It might be true. This I cannot deduce — but Mary, who is excellent at reading people as I am reading a crime scene, has picked up something between us, something unacknowledged yet very present.
Now, Mrs Hudson is no prude, and she has long believed her boys should be together as more than just friends. But the crassness of the overheard dialogue stops her in her tracks.
“I can’t—I can’t go on with the knowledge of how much I hurt you. Obviously, given your reaction just now…” Sherlock scoffs while John trudges on. “I was selfish. I blamed you for events you had no control over. I punished you, pushed you away, and the one time I laid hands on you was to deliver punches and kicks instead of… comfort or... at a time you were—you were most vulnerable.” John inhales raggedly, exhales. Inhales, exhales. Slides his gaze away from Sherlock’s to an undefined point behind him, then back at Sherlock. Takes a deep breath. “And then I just broke down in your presence instead of being the friend you needed.” He swallows, once, twice. “I am here to apologise for all the hurt I caused you. And to ask for your forgiveness. God knows I don’t deserve it, and I don’t actually expect it, to be honest. It is yours to give or not give, not for me to claim.” The last bit is delivered with an uncontained, raw sob. He takes another shaky breath, controls himself. “There was some more but, um. Maybe now’s not the time.”
John feels helpless – he can’t follow now without making a scene, and even if he is tempted to go down there and yank Sherlock off the stage, he knows he’ll lose any leverage by causing a scandal. Instead, he settles for a strategic position on the staircase that allows him to survey the scene. He looks frantically around: it’s too dark over the anonymous mass of people, and there’s too many of them, unvetted and unchecked. He spots Irene: she has managed to worm her way to the opposite side of the stage and lurks in the shadows, fidgeting.
John’s breath hitches.
A shared look. A tacit agreement. An enveloping force field. An invisible tether.
Victor releases a forced laugh and finally turns to John, giving him a perfunctory, derisive look. “Would you like something to drink?”
.” John shook his head in exasperation at Sherlock’s answer to his simple question of ‘What are you doing on the microscope? Case?’ The avalanche of information (of which John caught little of) was nothing he was not used to, but John’s patience today was short. He had been vomited on two times, three of his most hypochondriac patients had made an appearance, and two other GPs had called in sick, which meant extra crappy work for John — and wasn’t ‘crappy’ just the word, as he remembered with a shiver the graphic description of one of his patient’s diarrhoea.
“Because the logistics looked like a nightmare. Not because of you.” John chances a look at Sherlock and is rewarded by a soft expression, eyes round and a genuine smile.
Would it be so different compared to how lifeless he feels now? His days are filled but aimless. His small achievements remain unshared in the cocoon of his loneliness.
John tries to catch Irene’s attention but the music is too loud and her eyes riveted on the scene. He picks up his phone and watches her answer on the second tone: “Irene, go and find Victor and the MC, tell them to cut the music.” He disconnects, rings Molly and as soon as he hears her answer he shouts, “Get the car!
Then there’s Sherlock himself.
John is done with his internet research. He clears his throat. Loudly. Twice. Three times. Rolls his eyes and decides for a more direct approach by shaking one of Sherlock’s shoulders. “Wake up, sleeping beauty.”
Which is why a new e-mail with John’s name bolded in the From field sends a rush of thrill through his body. His mouth twitches, attempting to smile. He straightens his spine and then relaxes into the cushions – it’s a long message.
had asked him to look after Sherlock. Does he think John could help Sherlock from a distance? “How the hell am I supposed to look after him
“Dr Hooper?”
It had not been the first attempt on Major James Sholto’s life. But this one had rattled John to the core.
He sets his own glass down and gets up from the armchair. Sherlock follows him with sad but expectant eyes as John steps forward. One step, then another, against the treacle of all that tries to hold him back.
“Hmm, he’s just meddling as usual.” Sherlock doesn’t quite meet his eyes – his attention is still on the boat. He steps into it and examines the motor closely.
The war zone ended all that. Even if celibacy had not been a conscious choice, it was where John had landed. There had been interested parties, but John just…couldn’t. Then a bullet to his shoulder shattered both his bones and his confidence.
. “You are paranoid and you are infecting myself and my staff with your fanaticism.” He dumps the sliced banana into the blender and pointedly presses the start button.
. Everything is absurd and pointless. He wants to curl up under a blanket and never crawl out again. He desperately wishes he was back home in London, surrounded by quiet solitude, interrupted only by sweet sounds coaxed from his violin.
“Brother mine,” Mycroft patiently explains for the umpteenth time, “I am not perishing from this wound. I just need to recover my strength and heal enough to be able to travel. In the meantime, I am well cared for here. You, on the other hand, must prepare for the Grammys.”
They share a plate of biscuits and drink tea at their kitchen table a few minutes later. Sherlock feels more like himself now. It is time to start gently easing John into his plan.
John snaps his eyes up to Mycroft’s. “If you are about to give me the same speech as Trevor–”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Coming Out; Post-S4
How Victor and Irene had reacted, John doesn’t know and frankly doesn’t care.
“Not that one, I don’t. I have another one for when we are out and about.” John carefully omits the word ‘legal’ from his sentence.
“Here,” John catches his attention. “Some ice for your neck.” Without really asking or waiting for permission, John lifts Sherlock’s chin with a light touch and presses the flannel-wrapped ice to his throat. Sherlock represses a flinch at the cool touch and relaxes, closing his eyes.
part that now threatens to give John a splitting headache. His sudden intrusion in Sherlock’s routine had been met with resistance, and then accepted as a
“Oh no, this is just for the photo shoots,” Victor answers from behind his back. “Do you like it? I chose the decoration myself,” he says with a distinct hint of pride. “It featured on
No, that’s not what Sherlock wishes. With increasing anxiety, Sherlock replies, “I do not want you out of my life, John, but right now I cannot have you in it.” There is a flash of relief mixed with pain on John’s expression, an unlikely combination that undoubtedly only John can pull off.
Suit-man, though…
“But?”
His eyes catch John’s and he blinks a mischievous wink.
In the centre, a small stone, grainy in appearance, slightly oblong in shape, perhaps five millimetres long.
“Anderson? He’s my assistant choreographer.” Sherlock’s eyes flit between John and Greg as he speaks. “I really do not need another bodyguard. Irene has handled the few small incidents that have occurred. Mostly overeager fans wanting to touch me and take selfies.”
“The Mayan.”
He does wonder why Sherlock hasn’t fired him, but accepts that perhaps it would just raise further questions.
John recognises Victor as the man he saw locking a door in the corridor. Victor flounces towards Sherlock while abruptly finishing a call on his mobile. He hardly acknowledges John’s presence – or anyone else’s, for that matter – and instead focuses his full attention on Sherlock, waving a distracted hand at Greg and John. “Sherlock, darling! That video is going to be a-ma-zing! We must have it up soon on your YouTube channel.” He steps closer to Sherlock, lays a hand on his shoulder and slides it down his arm, not without a hint of possessiveness.
As she broods on these thoughts, Sally notices that the room is now emptier and quieter, only Lestrade, John, Sherlock and herself left; Lestrade is exchanging some joke with John while they both walk towards the door, and Sherlock is inspecting some stain on the carpet with more attention that it probably deserves. She straightens her back, squares her shoulders and is about to follow Lestrade out of the house when she hears Sherlock rumble quietly, but definitely at her:
With a grunt of impatience, Sherlock holds both of John’s shoulders and shakes him.
“We’re not in MI5 any longer, mate; ‘Greg’ will do.”
“Sherlock…”
on the stretcher between them.
“It’s not healed,” Sherlock confesses in an exhale, “but it’s healing.”
Not in a million years would Sherlock have ever thought he would see his brother like this: pale, fragile, mortal. Human.
“Um. What do you mean?”
“It feels like all I do is apologise, but I don’t know what else to do. I’m sorry I showed up unannounced. I’m sorry if my presence here was in any way detrimental to your stability.” Good god, had he rehearsed this speech? “I’m sorry… I’m sorry.” He squeezes his eyes shut, lips firmly pressed into an unhappy line. “You’re right about not opening my letter. There’s things in there you probably do not wish to read. Egotistical things you do not need to be burdened with.” He hesitates a moment before his next words, heavy and unwanted, extracted rather than freely spoken. “I won’t contact you again if that’s your wish.”
Sherlock is so taken aback by Molly’s attitude he simply gapes at her and falls heavily on the seat. He accepts a mug with a sheepish ‘thank you’ and takes a sip.
Sherlock takes a break from reading to ponder on these words. Is the return of John Watson in his life and home intrusive? Since John visited, Sherlock has felt… lighter. The first few days after John’s departure were confusing – Sherlock felt off-kilter, like he had been sent spinning and was now recovering his balance. The spinning top comparison seemed apt once again. As time went by, gratitude for John’s initiative took over. A fraught visit, but a courageous and honest gesture on John’s part, nevertheless. Sherlock does not regret his anger during John’s stay because it helped him to define the problem.
If someone told him years ago he would be retiring in his early forties to the countryside, tending beehives, a small flowery garden, and a vegetable patch, he would have rolled his eyes and snorted in disbelief. Sherlock Holmes, leaving London and becoming
. There’s a light rasp on the door before John steps in.
“I saw her climbing out but I think…I assumed she jumped.”
“Please stop fussing about my micturition and get me a cab.”
Sherlock follows suit, disrobing most of his clothes and sliding between the cool sheets. So very carefully, he spoons John, minding his injuries, a hand resting on John’s hip. He feels John relax against his chest, adjusting his position for maximum contact between their bodies. Sherlock murmurs ‘I got you’, leaves small pecks on his neck, his shoulder. Relaxes as John falls asleep.
John’s smile turns sad at a memory, and without allowing himself to give it a second thought, he admits, “It was not a ‘she,’ by the way. If you care about the details. Doesn’t matter.”
“Hello, John.” Sherlock feels like an idiot now. He’s intruding on John’s and Rosie’s evening routine, and for what? “I hope I’m not interrupting.”
It is good to be home. Everything in its right place.
“You keep purchasing my favourites!”
Instead, he breaks into a laughter so carefree Sherlock is taken aback.
Originally posted on
It had not been an overly complicated day at the surgery (when is it really?) but John had been happy to be back home.
“John?”
, as you so eloquently put it.”
. Not much information there – a surname of Irish origin, very common in the UK. Might not be his real name, even. But a niggling thought that this is a fact of importance plants itself in his head.
isn’t. Nevertheless, his eyes seem to drift towards the movement within: John seems to be settling in for the evening, a drink in his hand and a plate of food on a coffee table. He throws himself on an armchair in front of the large, smart television set and turns it on. From this angle, Sherlock can see what John is watching but contrary to what he first assumed, John isn’t putting on some mindless action film or brainless show. Instead, he opens the YouTube app on the telly, selects a channel, and starts playing a video.
And he’s not so sure he wants to find his way back.
There’s still a lot of activity in the studio, with dancers stretching tired muscles, people negotiating this and that on mobiles, and others doing god knows what, just hovering about and chatting, going in and out of the room. But the cacophony fades into white noise as John slips away from his constant hyper-aware state.
This would be perfect for Sherlock’s purposes. He wanted to take the opportunity to show John around the village, introduce him to the (few) local shops, take him for fish and chips in the (only) pub. Maybe a walk later by the cliffs, toes burying in warm sand, the salty-scented sea breeze kissing their skin. A homemade dinner; perhaps he could convince John to do the thing with the peas. He would laugh fondly at Sherlock, and comply, and they would have a glass of crispy white wine with the meal and talk nonsense throughout the evening, watching the sunset—
John throws himself onto the empty seat next to Mycroft and slams the door closed with more violence than necessary. “Whatever the hell you have to say, do it quickly. I am tired, I want to go home, I don’t want to see your face.”
“Great film, don’t you think? No wonder it got an Oscar for Best Picture.”
John’s building irritation prickles Sherlock, turns his stomach, raises his hackles. He gets up from his chair; confusingly, his knees wobble, but he stands. “Very well. Do you want to tell me what that was?”
That small, intimate moment after the jogging lingers on as a perfume trail.
Greg shifts uncomfortably on the sofa; he sets down his mug and rubs his palms on jeans-clad thighs. “John…if you’re half as good as you were when we worked together, you’re the man we need. Please, will you at least hear me out? As an old friend? I’m really worried.”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; Garridebs; Light Hurt/Comfort
'It has to be me showing him that the last hurdle has been flown over. That we have grown close together, that it is not a unidirectional flow of affection and sentiment. That I am not giving him just the right amount of scraps from myself to keep him close enough but not one hundred percent
Sherlock looks up at him, and John stops breathing. There is longing and hope and sadness in Sherlock’s gaze. “Does it, John? To whom, though?”
“The other– oh. Oh. Erm, right, yes.” John gives a nervous laughter.
The two men shake hands. The handshake takes just a fraction longer than what is usually acceptable; just that extra beat that goes from casual to intimate. John glances down at their clasped hands, noticing long, elegant fingers wrapped around his short, calloused ones. John feels a confusing and urgent need to say something,
“I can’t lose you,” Sherlock mumbles into John’s hair. “You are essential.”
The next day is a regular workday for John. The seasonal flu and various colds are tapering off and being slowly but surely replaced by spring allergies and the usual blend of soft tissue injuries, rashes of more or less known origin, and pregnancy scares. John finds himself daydreaming between patients about the trip to Thorpe Park. After the lakeside walk, they had decided the mood for more thrill-seeking had wafted away. The drive back to London had been mostly quiet, and the evening peaceful and introspective, with a light supper, book reading by the fireplace and an early retreat to their bedrooms. Sherlock had been fidgety but not outright complaining of pain, and John let him be.
He is jealous. He must admit it to himself. He envies a dead woman because she held Sherlock’s attention in a way John thinks he never will.
And it’s perhaps this small, simple observation that fits as the last piece of the puzzle.
Unexpectedly, his enthusiastic fan yanks Sherlock closer to him and holds him in a hard embrace, a possessive arm around his waist. A roll of the hips bumps a sizable bulge along Sherlock’s inner thigh.
. Well, I don’t really do relationships, but if I did? Not women.”
He regrets shooing Molly off his case so soon after Sherlock had the nerve to show up on his doorstep. She has taken Rosie with her to give John some space to himself. John knows she is more concerned about Rosie’s well-being. That’s okay. He is too. He knows he will fail as a father as he has failed as a husband and as a friend. People should just leave his orbit because he is toxic. Nothing good ever happens to him, and the common factor to his life’s successive failings is
I’m a bit tired, thought we could order in?
“Cheers.” Greg sits on the leather sofa with a groan.
The domestic scene is easy to imagine: it has been a part of Sherlock's life since the reconciliation. Not quite from the start, no; Sherlock had been reluctant to abandon his place in Sussex despite longing for Baker Street, and John had reassured him he'd accept any decision. In the end, it had been so obvious: John sold the house, moved back to Baker Street (to Mrs Hudson's utter delight), and this time he'd need the room upstairs not for himself but rather for his daughter. There isn't much in the way of gardening or beekeeping in the winter, and Sherlock found himself splitting his time between Sussex and London. Holidays and long weekends were however spent in the countryside, and John looked more and more as if he belonged there, Rosie running freely on the grounds and him helping Sherlock with weeding, painting, mowing, cooking.
At that moment, the door of the morgue burst open and a tall man waltzed in. John did a double-take – the man was
“Mycroft, do you really think so little of me?” John whispers back. His chest is heavy, filled with a weight of regret and guilt. But what has happened is now in the past and he can’t change it. John knows that he only wants to be at Sherlock’s side, be it as a friend or something more. His heart is in Baker Street and has been for longer than he is willing to admit out loud. While he understands Mycroft’s reluctance, it does sting him to be so belittled after showing a level of commitment that rivals, nay, that surpasses Mycroft’s in recent years.
“How am I supposed to know?” Sherlock strides to the open window and looks down, rubbing his neck. His voice is hoarse and tense. “The woman is gone.”
“Can’t you do that here?” Sherlock whines.
And as she was about to tut loudly at the piled dishes in the sink, she heard it.
(See the end of the chapter for
It is Sherlock who breaks the handshake and speaks first: “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Sherlock slowly opens his eyes and turns to face John. “I don’t know any more.”
She stops and dithers briefly in front of the black door, the golden ‘221B’ sign topped with tiny mounds of snow, and wonders whether she should use the brass knocker or the doorbell. She decides for the latter. A few moments pass before the faint creaking of old wooden stairs gives way to soft thumping on the hallway.
“Yes, just fine, must be this weather, it does things to my hip, you know. More tea?” Greg’s cup is half-full still, but she’ll do anything to change subject.
is the extremely unhelpful first thought crossing Sherlock’s mind. The answer is obvious. The slide of two tectonic plates causes seismic activity as accrued energy is released in the form of tremors with defined frequencies and intensities. Quakes are unpredictable, both timing and strength. When an earthquake strikes, all you can do is take cover. Which is why John seems to be shrinking, shrinking, and Sherlock fears he will disappear into thin air.
Although he is admittedly feeling quite unwell.
“Yeah, I suppose,” John finally answers. His gaze lingers unnecessarily long on Sherlock’s neck. “The place’s a bit of a dive but it’s cosy and discreet. The food’s good.”
A beat. The waves wash over pebbles.
Two or twenty minutes pass before John says something. “We almost died tonight.”
And so, they wait.
Distressed, he watches as Richard slips into the room. Sherlock throws a defiant look at John and follows Richard; the door closes behind them. John reaches for the handle but it’s too late: the door is locked. He raises a fist to knock but his arm freezes halfway.
To Sherlock’s utter surprise, he recognises it immediately: his own face covers the screen – it is the video for
“Sherlock isn’t, um,
“Still.”
There is hope in Sherlock’s eyes. “You’ll come with me?” He looks young and uncertain, not quite believing he would not have to go to some amusement park by himself.
The man’s nasal whine is interrupted by Mr Deep Voice: “Shut up, Anderson; you lower the IQ of the whole room. You can’t even count to eight.” This elicits more laughter. Anderson purses his lips, a flash of humiliation on his face, but he does not answer back.
The whole scene takes less than thirty interminable seconds from inception to conclusion.
“You really want me to say it? Oh, very well: I have you, John. My friend, my companion. I’ve said before, you keep me right.”
“Who you are matters, Sherlock,” and John puts a tentative hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, giving it a small squeeze.
Sherlock will not open it. John had been appalled, confused and then livid at Sherlock’s outburst in the middle of a busy London street. The fight had been ugly and visceral, people staring as they walked by, others pointedly ignoring the row. Molly surging behind John, tears springing to her kind eyes.
'John will not do it himself. Not for lack of will, I am certain. He has a… lingering doubt that I would be willing to take this step. Moreover, his previous experience in this field was not a happy one. And I think that, despite all that has happened since we became a couple, he still thinks he’s beneath me. Beneath us. That he'll never make up to me, to what happened, regardless of any reassurances I might give him. He doesn't see himself as I see him. He is kind and gentle and a devoted father and partner. He is courageous and strong. And easy on the eye,' Sherlock cannot avoid the smile blooming on his lips, 'but he just…'
* 'Box' is a colloquial name for MI5 (or so Wikipedia tells me...)
I look at her, unguarded, soul stripped naked.
No, this will not do. He does not wish to worry John with this childish feebleness – and an idea pops into his mind, a thought that had been in fact creeping in slowly over the past few days. “I just wanted to…”
the worst thing you have ever done! What were you
John is about to protest but then he considers. “Does it feel better to walk around than to sit still?”
“Sorry,” Sherlock whispered in his ear, smoothing over John’s back with a warm hand. “Good morning.”
“Good evening, Mrs Hudson. Sorry to disturb you; is Sherlock in?”
“I’m not doing this.” He turns to open the door.
“The Southampton guy?” Sherlock says. He’s confused as to the relevance of Mycroft’s past relationship to what’s happening now but he lets his brother finish talking.
For a few moments, time is suspended in 221B Baker Street. Then, Sherlock raises their joined hands to his lips and, as he places a careful kiss on John’s hand, he whispers,
John’s blood runs cold in his veins. He does not like that ‘oh.’ “Sherlock?”
Sherlock gets up from his chair and locks himself in the bathroom with a pointed slam of the door.
“I’m trying to protect him from getting
“That would be adequate. You are welcome to stay as long as you like.”
The answer is obvious, really: Sherlock dismisses sentiment and romantic entanglements as things that happen to other people, and it just reinforced John’s belief that his friend was somewhere in the asexuality spectrum. But he had been so sure that Sherlock had had his heart broken by Irene… Then Sherlock had thrown himself off a rooftop and there was no point to think about these things any longer.
I gape at her. John is my best friend. And yes, I admit (only to myself) that I do have romantic feelings for him — but he is not able to love me in that way. I have deduced, however, that he does experience attraction to me. But that it would be wedging itself into their common life together…
“Yes, quite extraordinary. John Watson,” and he stretches a hand to Sherlock, who shakes it in a daze.
The February snow crunches under Ellie’s feet. She rubs her gloved hands for warmth; London shivers under an unusually cold spell, and a few snowflakes flurry in the wake of last night’s snow storm.
John scrubs an invisible mark on the coffee table. How is he supposed to get around this one? Yes, John could have continued with his medical career. Become a GP at some random surgery, diagnosing tonsillitis, ordering blood tests, prescribing antibiotics
Greg, you
Sheets rustle, the mattress creaks, and two bare feet slam on the floor. “No need to flee your own living quarters. I’ll make myself scarce.”
He spiked their drinks because he needed liquid courage.
with a slice of something complicated, layers of chocolate and twirls of salted caramel and sprinkles of god knows what, he’d had enough. He had had enough. He was hurt and sad and angry and confused, and what was the point of anything at all? John and Molly babbled something about Rosie and the weather and Sherlock had enough. John had beaten him to a pulp, and at the time Sherlock thought he
. I’m
Some events are worth celebrating.
“I don’t bite,” Sherlock teases. “Despite my reputation for being a cock.” He smirks.
“Do you need that to be looked at?” He juts his chin towards her hand.
“You have high moral standards and prefer to protect people in influential positions. I, however, am not royalty or a minister or a president. What made you take this job?”
As the last dregs of my morning tea grit on my tongue, the doorbell sounds. I, of course, ignore it in favour of turning the latest puzzle over in my head — namely, how pollination patterns in the greater London area affect the composition of mud throughout seasonal changes. The hypothesis I have formed is that this pattern is intrinsically connected to the predominant species of honeybee—
“Next Monday.” Four days more. John frowns at this. There was no evidence of early stages of kidney damage, but surely this was classified as a subacute event?
One particular poster catches his attention. It features a drawn picture of Mycroft sitting at a grand piano, body twisted as if to face the audience. The poster is in a tasteful, modernised art nouveau style – and there is no Sherlock in sight. Indeed, it features only Mycroft’s name, a date, and a venue John recognises as a small, exclusive club in London. An ad for a solo performance, then. Despite being a drawing, Mycroft is easily recognisable, a shy smile softening his usually severe features. The date on the poster is from almost a decade ago.
John holds his gaze and feels something blooming in him. “Yeah. Beautiful.”
Sherlock’s scowl tells him otherwise. “Do you really expect me to join the circus of a press conference again?”
‘You don’t have to do this, brother mine,’ was Mycroft’s only remark between sips of Earl Grey, not reproachful but rather soft, a lament of things lost and gone.
Sherlock nods almost imperceptibly and John reaches for him, arms encircling his waist, pressing their bodies together. Lips find each other again, a sensual slick slide delving into increased urgency, the initial hesitancy dissolving in arousal and pressure, teeth, tongues, a hint of stubble giving that extra friction.
Ellie takes a brief look around the hallway before following John up the narrow staircase. That’s when she hears it – the sounds of violin playing, a soft melody permeating the twilight. “Having a quiet afternoon with your music collection?”
“Can you take a new sample yourself?”
John feels like this has shaved ten years off his life. Although, when he stretches his left hand out, he smirks – there is no tremor.
“Thank you, Molly. You did really well tonight.” John is sincere but his words betray a sad helplessness for the whole situation. It should never have happened.
He himself couldn’t keep the fond smile tugging at his lips as he unlocked the door and Rosie kept talking. He really liked this kid like she was his own.
They got up and 29 hours later, the case was solved.
His father had asked him if he wanted to go home – their house wasn’t far from the flower shop – to change clothes and dry his hair, but Sherlock had ignored him and continued his pacing. Oddly enough, his father didn’t make a fuss out of Sherlock’s unproductivity or about the fact that the boy was dripping wet and making the floor all gross. Eurus did, though.
“Yeah er… You too?” He croaked out lamely and resisted the urge to slap himself across the face. How come any trace of eloquence was instantly wiped out from his being when interacting with John Watson? Right, because that boy was attractive
In conclusion, he’d still like to be anywhere else but there. It was Saturday! He could load of things on a Saturday! Like trying to do the experiment that got him there in the first place again and finish it. He shouldn’t be stuck in a flower shop decorated with coloured glass bottles and posters with quotes from people he should know but doesn’t!
The DI seemed to be at loss for words, as much as Sherlock was. Before one of them could say anything that would have scared Sherlock’s father and make him lock his son in his room until he’s eighteen, Eurus appeared behind their father. “It’s important to him, Dad.”
They arrived in front of the school right on time and apparently, they weren’t the last ones because a few parents were also running around with alarmed looks on their faces.
He suspected John was going to give the flowers to Mary Morstan. She seemed to be interested in John for more than the little chats they shared during lunch break and Sherlock couldn’t deny she was a nice person with interesting stories to tell. However, he couldn’t help but feel resentful about her.
“Sherlock that is absolutely brilliant,” John started after Sherlock finished the tale of his adventures of the day. “Really, it’s amazing, I’ll never get used to your cleverness, but you can’t disappear like you did today. I was so scared something had happened to you. I thought your father was going to have an attack because of how worked up he was. He blamed himself for something that didn’t even happen… We all know you’re not exactly the most careful person when it comes to taking care of yourself."
“John, whatever it is you want to share with me you should say it quickly because we’re nearing the apartment.” He said calmly in spite of the stress that was slowly taking over him.
“You could lose the respect of the rugby team if the boys saw you talking with me you know?” Sherlock blurted out before he could think better of it. Honestly, it was probably the worst way to greet someone. Especially if you wanted this someone to like you. But seeing John Watson’s confused look and blinking eyes gave him great reasons to believe the rugby captain wasn’t aware of Sherlock’s social status in this school. “Never mind… Did your sister like the flowers?”
“Why… Why would they make fun of her?” Sherlock was genuinely confused. As far as he knew, having only one parent was not something that could possibly be twisted into something that the others could make fun of. It was truly absurd.
John and Sherlock were giggling in the back of Lestrade’s car – he had insisted on driving them back to their respective home, not wanting to have problems with any of their parents – and when they dropped John off, Lestrade gave him a look and a smile in the rear mirror that was most definitely announcing an unwanted comment.
“We have to tell him! He’s gonna be so happy!”
“No! I mean yes but no shhhhh,” Every bit of knowledge about the English language had got lost in the deepest part of his Mind Palace. He didn’t know what to say or if he should say something. It was John’s daughter dammit, why would he say that?
“I don’t really care about having my own room you know. I just wanted you to tell each other you were in love.” That’s what a sleepy Rosie had said before yawning and going to sleep (in her own bedroom/John’s and hers ex-shared bedroom/John’s ex-bedroom).
He ran to the door trying to stay as dry as he could. He didn’t even have the time to reach for the handle, the front door opened before him revealing an angry-looking John Watson behind whom were his parents who were displaying all the signs of being worried.
Sherlock felt his stomach drop and had the sudden urge to vomit when the thought of John with someone else entered his mind.
a murder, and a very clumsy one on top of that. It wasn’t that interesting, but the wrongness of people’s assumption had infuriated Sherlock. Besides, he had to start building a good reputation as a consulting detective.
He had angrily marched back in the flower shop, where Eurus had been covering for him and making excuses to his father as to why Sherlock wasn’t working (they actually had got closer to each other. Not that Sherlock would ever admit such an emotional thing). It had been quite easy considering that no one came into the shop because of the awful weather.
They continued chatting about everything and nothing. Sherlock had at some point remarked that it was quite difficult to talk to John when he was on the floor and he couldn’t see him. What he hadn’t expected was for John to take his pillow, settle next to him under the duvet and carry on with whatever he was saying at the time.
“And come inside would you, you’re going to catch a cold if you stay in the middle of this downpour!” He didn’t know who said that, but Sherlock very much wanted to say that he wasn’t the one standing in the doorframe, preventing anyone from getting in or out if the house. He decided against it when he saw the look John was giving him and hoped the shudder that shook his whole body was going to be interpreted as a simple reaction to the cold rather than to John’s hard stare.
“I think your brother hates me…” Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh at how much John sounded bothered by this. “What? It’s true! He kept glaring at me as if I had murdered someone myself.”
“Nothing!” Honestly, Sherlock was a little offended that John didn’t believe him. He couldn’t exactly blame him, but he was offended. “I just like company when I go out…”
John was pale and looked as dreadful as Sherlock felt. He was walking very slowly, and Sherlock almost wanted to tell him not to bother with him and go to Mary or whoever it was he fancied – he refused to think about John
“No.” How could such a small person like her make him panic more than some grown-ups?
“I’m not adorable…” Sherlock mumbled giving up all attempt to stop the blush creeping up his cheeks and ducked his face.
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity to everyone in the room John arrived right in front of Sherlock. He wished more than anything the floor would swallow him, or his parents would come back from wherever they went in the morning and save him from this highly unwanted conversation.
“You were going to.”
than simply seeing it.
“Yes Papa,” Rosie said hopping off the bench and on the ground. Sherlock froze at the nickname and left Rosie confused with her hand outstretched toward him for a few seconds. “Are you okay?” This question brought the man back to reality.
“She?” The DI asked following Sherlock and handing him a piece of paper with a small hole indicating it had been pinned to something.
“I wanted Mycroft to come but he couldn’t make it…” His mother looked truly apologetic and placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Oh, right,” John brightened, and Sherlock saw a glint in his eyes he could not quite identify. “Here, it’s for you.” He said thrusting it in Sherlock’s hands.
John evaluates Sherlock’s present condition. He might be in less pain now, but he’s still not well. John can’t do more for pain relief right now except counting hours and make sure Sherlock tops up his ibuprofen/paracetamol combo as soon as it is safe. “A warm bath.”
, like this is the worst I have done.”
An unexpected question, Sherlock has to admit. Yes, he’s curious. Curious about the unsaid words, written but unread and therefore unreal. “You revealed its contents during your first visit.” He’s fibbing, and they both know it.
Sherlock narrows his eyes in mock annoyance at John’s quip, then rolls them suddenly over until he’s lying on top. John laughs; he is always delighted when Sherlock lets his playful mood come forth.
They all wait an eternal minute until the blender stops. Sherlock opens the lid and throws it on the polished granite worktop.
Sherlock’s eyes close of their own accord at the first touch of John’s lips. Warm, honey-sweet, velvet lips. John’s hand on his cheek is warm and gentle, fingers lightly caressing his jaw; he slides his hand to Sherlock’s nape and tilts his head just so. The kiss turns into more than just a tentative brush of lips, tongues licking, exploring, shy at first, and then increasingly urgent and needy.
After short minutes turned long by the discomfort of the floor and of the whole situation, Sherlock takes a few deep, shaky breaths. “Sorry,” he whispers, without lifting his forehead where it lies pressed against John’s shoulder.
This chapter is rated Gen.
There is a vulnerability in Sherlock’s words that makes John cautious as he steps towards him and slowly, slowly reaches for his hand. They interlace fingers for a moment. The moment is fragile and threatens to shatter at the wrong word. “I’m enjoying this trip with you too, Sherlock.” John swallows thickly, and chooses his next words carefully. “Don’t accept pain as a part of you. You don’t deserve it. Of all people, you do not deserve it.”
Sherlock slowly took his hand. “Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective.” John sucked in a deep breath as he tried to decode the colour of Sherlock’s eyes. Baby blue? Cerulean? Aquamarine? He was pretty sure DSMT carried some, er, jewellery in the same colour.
Sherlock looked so uncertain, so unguarded, wide-eyed and deflated. “I am not an easy man to live with, John. Why you endure my idiosyncrasies is still a complete mystery to me.”
Molly comes in the lab, carrying two mugs of steaming tea and trots up to Sherlock. “So? What d’you got?”
“Bill likes to fish – obvious from the accessories hanging from the boat house and the ones stored in the house. Various fishing magazines on the coffee table, too. This loch isn’t very wide but it is large enough to not fully freeze unless it’s a very cold winter. Yesterday evening, we were discussing whether we would go for a boat ride, weather allowing, during our stay here. John, you’re hurting my arm,
Sherlock snaps his head around in surprise. Molly is always affable, and even when she is infuriated by Sherlock’s antics she usually damps down her annoyance to a yielding tone.
John gives them a weary look. “You said someone broke in; did you at least change the lock?”
John picks up the glass and thanks her before she leaves the room.
But she can’t avoid observing how John stoically avoids a flinch at the mention of Mary Morstan. It’s in the way he clenches and unclenches a fist, how he swallows dry and avoids looking at any of them. Not for the first time, Ellie thinks of the whole thing as an onion, layers upon layers. Some of them rotten.
John walks on, polished oak floorboards creaking softly under his feet, until he finally discerns a rhythmic beat from the building ruckus. He finds the room where the music comes from and steps inside. Here, the air is thick from the mingled sweat and odours of a whirlwind of people that are moving about; at the end of the room, there is a low stage where several dancers move their bodies to the beat, like a scene from
Is it love? Passion? Romantic intent? Friendship? Comradery?
It had all been a blur after that. The shot fragmented his memory: someone was screaming (probably him; mortifying but unavoidable when watching life seep out of your own brother), a body slammed him into the ground (and his left knee has a bruise to prove it) and sometime later they were in a car and even later he was being pushed down on a chair in a waiting room and told in no uncertain terms that he could not follow his brother into the operating theatre.
.” Greg calls her so seldom ‘Sally’, so this startles her. Greg takes a deep breath and decides to tackle the subject head on. “I’ve noticed you act different when Sherlock is around.” She huffs and rolls her eyes, but Greg sees this for what it is: avoidance. “No, listen: you used to be as acidic to him as he was with you, but since his return it’s been different.”
is often banished from his mind; he doesn’t need to dwell on it lest those dark thoughts take hold. The line shines acutely bright now, is brought to the surface with John’s presence here.
Good thing he knows what to do. With all the strength he can muster Sherlock steps back hard on the assailant’s foot, ducks and turns around. The attacker – a woman, Sherlock realises – staggers back and stumbles over a standing lamp that comes crashing to the ground but quickly recovers her footing. She’s wearing a balaclava and nondescript, body-hugging black garments. Sherlock aims straight for her face, trying to deliver a punch, but it misses the target. He loses balance and the woman takes the opportunity to regain hers, and hurls herself onto Sherlock, toppling them over to the ground. She lands on Sherlock’s chest, and the air goes out of his lungs for a split second, a moment the woman uses to put her whole weight on two hands wrapping around Sherlock’s throat.
Out of the blue, Sherlock starts giggling, at first a suppressed chuckle, then a muffled laugh.
, Sherlock, no, I just–”
Sherlock hears John’s steps up the stairs and gets up from his armchair – it sounds like John is carrying something heavy.
He starts prepping dinner.
Sherlock clears his throat and sets the cup down on the tabletop.
to go out? On a date? The two of them?
He replays the scene in his mind. Not that he wants to but there is no choice. The last words they exchanged, a pair of arms wide open, a step forward—
Sherlock looks at him and sees his own sadness reflected in John’s face. “John, I…” How he will finish this sentence, he does not know.
has happened! And at this point, I’m almost hoping nothing will!”
In comparison, this is absolute luxury, and Sherlock will not complain. Unfortunately, the lull in activity means he has time to rest and be alone with his thoughts. Again. As it has been the last eighteen months.
!” Molly blurted, red as a bell pepper. “And, and,
Molly drives the limo gently around the manor, close to the direct door to Sherlock’s flat. “Here we are,” she whispers, careful to not break the fragile peace that has settled over them in the final stretch of the trip.
“I bet you’ve been testing soil samples from all around this place,” John teases gently, that damned soft smile back on his face again.
No way Sherlock will allow their paranoia to interrupt this moment. He lifts a hand, telegraphs a firm ‘stay where you are’ with one look and gracefully incorporates the whole gesture into his dancing while Irene hesitates and finally holds back. He feels bold, egged on by a newfound confidence in his independence, powerful over the audience, the staff, the world. Instead of ignoring the intruder, Sherlock dances around him, sensual and erotic; the crowd’s reaction spurs him on.
Sherlock seems to relent at John’s gentle tone. He pauses and looks up at John, who leads him into his chair, takes his temperature, feels his pulse. “Temp’s normal, pulse is a bit high, but I’ll need you to rest for a few minutes before getting an accurate reading, so sit still.” He sits across from Sherlock and starts questioning him. “Describe the pain for me. Is it dull, throbbing, stabbing? Is it only on the left side?”
”It’s all fine”
He flashes her a smile. “That’s right; come in.”
There had been no drama. No real build-up, either. No grand moments of revelation, no planned heart-to-hearts. No special catalyst. No emotional confessions.
Sherlock stares at his older brother, confusion giving way to comprehension. He relaxes minutely, grabs his tumbler and takes a delicate sip. Minutes of silence pass by, only interrupted by the logs popping and crackling in the fireplace; Sherlock seems to be processing something – perhaps his brother’s words, perhaps the events of the evening, or a combination of both. He finally sets the glass down and looks at Mycroft with a posture more regal and blank than his casual attire would give away:
“Where’s Watson?”
John gasps too.
John clenches his jaw and holds the door Victor is about to slam shut. “Where are we going?”
Since when do you do ‘relaxing evenings’?
“She’s had her chance to do so; she doesn’t want to kill me, not now anyway. I have forgiven her,” he adds quickly, interrupting John’s imminent protest, “and so should you.”
now? Or maybe he sent her away because God forbid someone disturb Sherlock Holmes and his massive intellect.
“He’ll– hold on, that’s probably Bill.” Molly roots through her purse and fishes out a buzzing mobile. She walks a few steps away, answering the call in soft tones. John lets her voice ebb into a distant drone in his awareness, too drained to pay any close attention. Right now, it’s a relief to have someone else take charge.
The man startles but his frown turns into a surprised expression.
Despite his intense dislike for Victor Trevor, John has to admit the man made an excellent work of balancing a public outing with the necessity of controlling the attendance. Victor had told selected media outlets that Sherlock would come here tonight for a private charity gala. There are some reporters in place – all carefully vetted by John and Greg. Sherlock’s arrival to the hotel had been discreet, with only a few people recognising and approaching him for a selfie or an autograph. With the cooperation of the hotel’s head of security, everyone attending tonight had been searched at the entry point. It’s all about reducing risks and eliminating loopholes, and John feels confident this night will go without a hitch.
“John, I. I cannot give you,” a stab of pain, “the same things she can,” the dagger twisting in his chest, “as I am not,” and why is this so difficult, “what you want.” Sherlock instinctively raises a hand to the wound, as it feels it might have burst open and let all his blood drain from his body. He feels cold and starts shivering.
. Oh dear god, she’s going to be
Outside, the storm quiets down as the evening settles. Indoors, the atmosphere is thick and stifled, and not even the open windows help in airing the house. The treacly mood sticks to the walls, settles itself as a layer of syrup over everything. They should just call it a day, go to sleep or at least pretend they will, but the newfound routine sees them settling in the sitting room, with a torch and a few flickering candles.
“I… yeah, no.” The thought of a young Mycroft sharing a teacup ride with an even younger Sherlock almost sends him into hysterics. “Alright, I’ll organise an outing for us, how does that sound?”
But now, the words just spill out of his mouth, unbidden.
“Yes, yes, fine.” Sherlock releases the chair and moves into the living-room, where he restarts his pacing. Silently, John fetches a thermometer. “May I take your temperature and ask you a few more questions?”
the candy floss incident!”
Having finished his phone call, Victor intervenes again. “That won’t be a problem, darling. I’m sure John here will see to it that we have something better for the gate and install whichever alarm systems he wants, isn’t that right, John?”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock ignores John’s protest, “could your
A light breeze chooses this moment to ruffle his hair, a few streaks of grey stubbornly trying to swirl out of the carefully coiffed dark curls. He turns his head to the cottage, gilded with late afternoon sunset colours. John is somewhere inside, perhaps chasing Rosie around or maybe starting to prep dinner.
Yet, a part of John will always be scattered on the pavement off Barts and buried in this empty grave.
And there they are. Sherlock cannot avoid the sunny smile spreading on his face, and his nervousness abates somewhat at a mirrored smile on John’s. He is holding a rather cranky toddler in one arm, car keys dangling from his hand, a duffel bag at his feet. “Hey, Sherlock.”
“The flash drive, John, where is it? What did you do with it?”
“Do you know who could not pass the gate yesterday, Greg?” Sherlock lifts the jar from the motor base and pours the thick liquid into a tall glass. “Graham Norton.”
crisp and clear, the man writes a comment:
“The tan. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. The way you hold yourself says military. You are also a doctor.”
“You were the one cutting all ties.” Victor’s reply carries no accusation, just a weary regret.
They lock eyes. An unspoken agreement.
John feels Sherlock’s muscles tense under his hand but does not let go. He takes the opportunity to have a good look at Sherlock. Yes, Sherlock is furious, but there’s more to it. There’s an undertone of… embarrassment? “Sherlock, swear to god, I will go back and retrieve that bag if it’s something you were given by–”
This exchange has at least had the effect to make Victor notice John and shift the subject to the primary motive of his visit. John doesn’t quite catch everything they discuss, as there is background information from their pasts that they gloss over, but in essence Victor needs to track lost relatives in England. As he lives permanently in the US and cannot afford a prolonged visit these days, he thought of Sherlock, and here he is. Sherlock accepts the case; the men say their goodbyes, a handshake just on the side of too long, an unblinking exchange of apologies without words.
John set one foot inside 221B returning from his shift at the surgery, and heard it immediately: the frantic sounds of violin playing. Although not quite the sort of maniac playing that accompanies a strop, or a visit from Mycroft. He closed the door, shook off a few snowflakes, and climbed the seventeen steps leading to their shared rooms. Suddenly, he realised what Sherlock is playing: one of the songs from the soundtrack of
Sherlock stops dead on his tracks and John stops abruptly lest he barrels into him. “What makes you think,” Sherlock articulates every word with deadly precision, “I will stay in this pit of meaningless entertainment constructed for the feeble-minded masses a minute longer than necessary?”
To hell with this stalker sending him pseudo-nursery rhymes. Sherlock is above all that. Above everything and everybody, ruler of the scene, judge, jury and executioner of his own destiny. Fearless, magnificent, terrible, the Galadriel of the night.
It all comes to a head one evening two weeks before Christmas.
After Victor’s departure, Sherlock sinks back into his armchair and closes his eyes.
John started giggling again. Sherlock smirked. “Molly. This one is for
This chapter is rated Explicit.
John releases his arm. “Goodnight, Mycroft.” He hurries out of the room under Mycroft’s scrutinising eyes.
“He will not perform on that stage tonight. It’s too risky. This maniac could be out there. I can’t protect him here.” John crosses his arms and raises a defiant chin at Victor.
“Ooh, Johnny boy, isn’t he a bit out of your league?”
“Well, it’s certainly…opulent. Why doesn’t he sleep here, not to his taste?” John can’t help but infuse his question with a little sting, and he does not miss the annoyed glare from Victor.
, that he listens to his wishes, and—
“How is he?” John asks.
. Not that John will say it out loud. The temptation to take the envelope and turn his back on Victor Trevor and this whole mess is strong. John sweeps his gaze across Victor’s opulent mahogany desk, a piece of furniture as functional as it is made to impress. There’s a black mesh filing tray overflowing with papers, a matching pen holder, blocks of post-its in different colours, more papers, a small organiser with assorted knick-knacks like paper clips, scissors, a set of keys.
“Wake
What John does not bring up is that he has indeed left Mary. Permanently. John’s willingness to drop everything to assist in Sherlock’s recovery made it painfully obvious where his priorities really are. And of course, Mycroft has picked up on this. Why he is being a complete prat about it now, though, is what John doesn’t understand.
It’s Victor who breaks the silence.
He makes a move to walk to the door but stops. “What happened to your hand?”
John takes a deep breath to calm his own nerves. It’s been a long night, and seeing this otherwise confident man broken and defeated is stirring something in his chest. He decides to help Sherlock out of his tattered outfit. First, he peels away the shiny top, which is eased by the fact that one shoulder had been completely ripped off. John tries to not delay the process by lingering on Sherlock’s firm, pale chest, on his well-defined pectorals; instead, he reaches for a set of blue silk pyjamas and dresses Sherlock’s torso with quick efficiency. The next part is more delicate, as Sherlock is wearing an unbelievably tight pair of shorts. There’s nothing for it: John crouches in front of Sherlock and places two soft hands on his knees.
Sherlock sighs. It's been almost two years since they started a journey of healing and forgiveness. Both have a baggage of self-loathing and insecurity they have been trying to shed, as John tries to prove himself worthy of Sherlock's love at every possible instance, and Sherlock tries to show (and prove to himself) that he has come to love himself as much as he loves John.
Molly parks the limo in front of the house. John crosses the lawn in a hurry to meet her as she gets up from the driver’s seat, clad in her usual uniform.
Moriarty smiles at him, a horrible, joyless smile. John is a seasoned ex-military, but something in Moriarty’s eyes makes him shiver: there is a contained madness, the gaze of a psychopath, vacant yet penetrating.
He pries the flowers from my hands and deposits them ever so gently on the coffee table. He could have teased me for my uncharacteristic emotional upheaval; he could have been exasperated at my forgetting our dinner date; he could have been offended at my suggestion
“Oh, hell!” Sherlock explodes, getting up from his chair so hard it falls back on the cupboard next to John with a loud clang. He swirls around, his palms turned up in exasperation, jaw clenched and a hard look on his eyes. “To
- If explicit content is not your thing, you can skip the beginning of this chapter - just start at the next section break.
“I want to giggle with you at crime scenes. I want to refuse to eat but steal food from your plate. I want to serenade you with my violin. I want
The inevitability of them. Ever blooming.
“I sent her to find a place for the night.”
Originally posted on
Sherlock puts his mobile on to charge and goes to bed.
is a popular coffee shop.
Why he is trying to push John away? John didn’t invade his space; he had come to Sherlock in an attempt to reconnect, and Sherlock shunned his effort as unnecessary and inconsequential.
Sherlock stares at the offending item a beat longer, then leaves the kitchen to tend to his beehives.
as he pointed to his injured eye, conscious that there was a kernel of unfairness, given that John had rescued him from Culverton Smith’s murderous intentions, but that had not healed the hurt from the one man he… the one person he ever… from
Mycroft looks at him again. He’s trembling, very slightly so, but Sherlock does not miss this. Nor does he miss the frightened look on Mycroft’s face. “You, Sherlock. He…” Mycroft tries to pull himself together, “he asks for bits of your daily life, like what you eat…your favourite flowers…the colour of your pants…what you are doing at a given moment. And so…”
“You have an issue that involves John, else he would also be here.”
,” Sherlock snorts derisively.
“Of course not,” Sherlock huffs, “it’s just a bit bruised.”
“Yes,” he replies coolly. “Mr Brook is on his way out.”
“Sherlock, I think you should just try to get some sleep, okay?”
to take the boat for a ride,” John suggests.
“Plenty of liquids should help–”
“And a good evening to you too, Sherlock,” John replies without missing a beat, “I’ll believe in anything if you throw away the severed hand that is, as we speak, a cultivating ground for three types of mould in our fridge.”
The rest of the day oscillates between stilted awkwardness and amiable conversation. John had brought an alarming amount of food with him, arguing it was only fair if they were staying for free; this led to some banter about Sherlock’s eating habits and visible shock and subsequent embarrassment on John’s side when he realised Sherlock had a proper routine for meals, and even
“Irene is competent. She’s great at reading people, and nobody gets near Sherlock if she gets even a whiff of potential trouble. But she’s no security expert. Yeah, I realise there’re points we can improve, but that’s not really my strong suit. We need your expertise, John.” Greg’s mobile buzzes with a new message. “Sorry, let me just…” Greg looks at his mobile, frowning at the message and thumbs his way to the call button. “Just a quick call, sorry…”
There’s the bittersweet realisation that he doesn’t want that life back. Not quite. He was content in it, brushing happiness most of the time. But it was a contained contentment, with well-defined boundaries. There was, despite the familiarity, an invisible wall, well-polished glass between the two of them, a sense of ‘see but not touch’ permeating their lives. There was no talk about emotional aspects, and Sherlock knows he’s partly responsible for this, what with his repetitive self-assurances of high-functioning sociopathy and how ends justify the means even if that results in hurting feelings and sensibilities. And after, well. After, everything changed, and there was never a possibility of going back to that life. And Sherlock is, if not glad for it, at least accepting and again… content.
“Hello, Sherlock. Just visiting London with the kids and my sister, do some shopping. That sort of thing.” She stretches her hand and Sherlock gives her a firm handshake.
Sherlock’s voice is small and he avoids looking John directly in the eye as they both stroll around the mansion. Good thing too – John is immediately uncomfortable with whatever might be following these words. Has Sherlock been acting soft and compliant to make John lower his defences and allow greater leeway in Sherlock’s movements? Nothing he hasn’t seen before in manipulative clients.
The man interprets this as permission to take a vicious hold on Sherlock’s waist and pull him closer for a harder rut. Sherlock is visibly startled but releases himself with a deft twirl.
This version of Sherlock, though, is soft and relaxed. His hair sticks up everywhere in disarray, with some unruly curls plastered to a sweaty forehead. And he’s smiling, a sunny smile that bears no trace of the dark mood from the last weeks.
As he dispatches the student, a man walks in and catches Sherlock’s attention. Not a student, not a tourist. The man walks cautiously up to the counter and peers through the list of beverages, lips apart and brow furrowed in bewilderment. Even Sherlock admits to himself he does go overboard with the number of new drinks he creates. Fortunately, there is a lull in clientele now, so while the man tries to decide on what to order, Sherlock takes his time to examine him.
What is troubling Sherlock, and keeps replaying in his head, is John offering his life to save Sherlock’s. The way he did not hesitate in holding Moriarty and telling Sherlock to run.
The young lady washing the limo flashes him a smile. “Can I help you?”
John starts stammering. “Yes, um. Yeah, that’s. That’s because I. Do love you. You’re my best friend. I, I, I care, of course, I care.”
He gets the occasional e-mail from Molly and phone call from Mrs Hudson, short exchanges of pleasantries that nevertheless break the silence that otherwise reigns over his days. Molly sends him photos of unusual marks on corpses and other gory details only the two of them can really talk about, with the special brand of dark humour that comes from being around dead people for a good part of your work hours. Sherlock is grateful – she’s not technically allowed to share such details, but that’s what friends are for, right? Mrs Hudson insisted on getting his address so she could send him biscuits; Sherlock makes a mental note to send her some of his honey.
Until now.
“Just look at him.” Victor’s oily voice catches John by surprise – he had not heard him approaching. “He’s so fucking gorgeous. This, John, this is what he is supposed to be doing. Not living in a cage.”
When had he started thinking of Sherlock as breathtakingly beautiful?
They sit to eat breakfast. Sherlock takes out a jar of his honey and watches now with undisguised fascination how John spreads it liberally over his toast, licks an errant drop on his thumb, closes his eyes in utter bliss. “This is absolutely delicious, Sherlock. The tastiest honey I’ve ever… Christ, how is this possible?”
Their food arrives shortly after and the conversation turns to more trivial subjects, such as why Sherlock lives in East Dulwich when most celebrities prefer more central, posh locations in London (‘Yes, but they are idiots I wish to avoid, John’) or anecdotes from John’s various jobs (‘I lost it when he asked me to get a bullet-proof vest for his poodle’). The conversation is easy and light-hearted; Sherlock is relaxed, with a grin reaching his sparkling pale eyes, so far-removed from his stiff public persona he’s almost unrecognisable. John congratulates himself internally for choosing this place, as the low-light ambient and quiet crowd provides them with an extra blanket of privacy.
Originally posted on
The man wakes up his laptop from hibernation; a close-up of Sherlock’s face fades in as background.
Sherlock starts reading, an impatient skimming first, eyes delayed at a few keywords. He lingers on a particular sentence in the end. His breath hitches. He goes back to the start, reads slower.
“That’s not what I mean.” John sighs. “I’m sorry. This is all my fault.”
Finally, John emerges from whichever inner thoughts he’s been swimming in; his eyes focus on Sherlock’s. But instead of the resolute man Sherlock hopes to see come out of the silent stupor of the last hours, there is a lost, empty shell that croaks a tired ‘what?’
That evening, as John scans his new digs, he catches Sherlock gazing down from his flat at John’s. They lock eyes for an instant, exchange small nods. Sherlock breaks the silent exchange first, and John continues to map the patio outside his windows.
There is something about the possessive hand on Sherlock that is making John’s stomach turn but when he decides to do something about the two men’s far too intimate proximity, Richard whispers something in Sherlock’s ear and they navigate through the crowd to reach a side door in the room. John knows the room is unlocked but able to be locked from the inside, as he prepared it to be a safe room if needed. He uses Mary’s momentary distraction as she replaces her empty glass of champagne with a full one on a passing tray and follows the two men as fast as he can without tramping over guests and calling unnecessary attention to himself.
The party is exactly what one would expect from such a social event: black suits and shiny gowns, live music, champagne flutes and hors d’oeuvre on mirror-polished trays. Fortunately, it’s a small event, catering only to rich wallets – apparently, Sherlock had consented to his presence here in exchange for generous donations for selected charities.
“Mary, I assure you I do not know which this third person may be, but John has strong moral principles and is not the kind of man to—”
“Well,” Sherlock clears his throat, “I’m off for a shower. See you later.” He flashes another shy smile at John before disappearing around the house.
, now a bloody tear is running down my face. How humiliating. “Hey, love,” he reaches for my cheek and wipes the tear away, “happy first anniversary.” Oh, John, John, my John.
Mrs Hudson almost spits her tea but she composes herself quickly. “That would be John. Probably.” She feels herself blush — but the fact is that she has picked up a skill or two in making her own deductions from living in close quarters with the world’s only consulting detective.
“–as said, friends with benefits, hey?”
soft.) and the body of a model. He was more out of place in a morgue than on the cover of GQ. The man thumbed vigorously on his mobile. “Molly, I need to see the body that came in yesterday. Lestrade’s being dull again, and–”
The small group frowns at the wrong name, but John corrects her, “Ah, actually it’s Watson, John Watson, Mrs…Hudson, was it?”
Shoulders slumped, Sherlock fidgets and shuffles his feet on the gravel. He glances shyly at John.
, and I never stammer. John looks at me quizzically, of course. “I thought you had forgotten.”
He doesn’t really want to speak to Mycroft. He never really wants to speak with Mycroft, as the elder Holmes brother unnerves him still after all these years. These days, though, he finds even
“Yes,” Sherlock replies in the same tone, “there is decent drainage in this type of soil and the rain is abating.”
. Worry blends with fondness as he watches Sherlock doze and the dawn light fills up the room.
Which means there is no way John will finish reading the sports section tonight.
He’s not interested in what John does in his own living quarters, he
And this is why her colder than usual demeanour and her presence in my flat without John raise my hackles.
“I’m here,” he proceeds carefully, his voice trembling but clear, “to reiterate the question I asked in the letter.” Before Sherlock protests again, John lifts a shaking palm. “Please, just. Hear me this once and I promise I will leave you alone after. Forever,” he swallows thickly, “if that’s what you wish.”
John seems to accept this answer with a thoughtful nod; he disposes of the flannel, lies down and snuggles up to Sherlock’s limp form, throwing an arm over his chest and hugging him closer. Sherlock turns and drapes himself over John’s right side, tucking his head under John’s chin. John draws nonsensical patterns with his left hand across Sherlock’s back, fingertips brushing up and down his spine, while his right one buries itself in Sherlock’s sweat-damp curls. Sherlock hums a contented purr, their breathing syncing, the heat from John’s surprisingly smooth skin permeating layers and layers of skin and armour in Sherlock’s body.
John sighs, exhaling the weariness of a thousand years, and gets in the car.
Richard laughs.
“How can he lose me if he does not have me?” Sherlock’s voice sounds small in his ears. It’s mortifying to wear his heart on his sleeve.
The knife-wielding attacker is determined but clumsy, and is swiftly disarmed with a blow to the wrist and a sharp kick to the groin.
“It’s not so simple.”
“Stop it, Sherlock, you’ve had enough.”
Sherlock looks up at him and stretches his long neck; John meets him halfway, a light touch of lips on lips that soon grows firmer, warmer, slicker. John finds himself sliding down into Sherlock’s lap, and they embrace for long minutes, their kissing only interrupted for moments of catching their breaths, locking mouths again and again in increasing hunger. John gives himself; Sherlock follows suit.
Sherlock jumps off the sofa and paces nervously, muttering, “There’s something, something in that…Oh!” He freezes. “Brighton.”
toy? Hmm? Maybe I’ll buy
Startled by Sherlock’s fall, John has time to do little else than gather him in his arms and slowly lower both of them to the floor. At first, John believes Sherlock to have fainted or had a dizzy spell. He is proven wrong when he feels Sherlock shaking, and hears a sob.
John busies himself with the ritual of making tea in silence. He doesn’t speak much these days, he knows. His job as a bodyguard is very much about observing and keeping quiet, being unobtrusive, and this behaviour patterned itself in his private life. He’s not the sort to make close friends easily. Acquaintances, yes, there are a few from his times in MI5 and university, and the contacts from his current occupation. The ones from the army, though…
Greg continues, “Don’t let her fool you, she is deadly. And, ah! Here comes Victor Trevor, Sherlock’s publicist.”
“Not everybody gets to play at the Diogenes,” John points out.
“No!” John shakes his head, dismissing Sherlock’s reassurances. “I have been thinking and thinking and thinking about this, and all I could think was ‘You should have seen it. You should have seen it, John Watson.’ That she wasn’t what she said she was, that she had a past, that it was too much of a good coincidence when she showed up in my life, that, that, oh
“You,” she interrupts me, and it’s like a bullet has found its way to my chest all over again, “it’s you. He’s in love with you.”
It finally dawned on John that after all they had gone through, Sherlock still feared John would leave him.
John feels the ghost warmth of a tender hand still on his arm. He clenches his left hand to get rid of his semi-permanent tremor. Useless.
in absolute silence… it had become second nature to conceal, deny, deflect.
Why is he such a coward?
“But first,” Moriarty springs up and twirls around, “some accessories.”
Sherlock throws away the small bag in a rubbish bin with more violence than needed and replies between clenched teeth, “It went
John can’t help detecting something off in Mycroft’s tone. It would be easy to assume jealousy, and yet…
. That had been the answer to Sherlock’s question of who was ‘the lovely lady.’ While it’s glaringly obvious that Mary is staff, Sherlock had suggested she might be Richard’s girlfriend. And as people love to correct you if you’re wrong and, as a consequence, give you more information than needed, Richard’s answer had been a ringing laugh and a ‘no, no, personal assistant. Not my type at all.’
“Sherlock.”
“I had no idea you were also a musician.”
“Oh, uh, yes, yes, sorry dear, I was on my way out, never mind me. Was just going to do some dusting, thought you boys were out.” She feels herself fluster and stumble over words, but better not to lie – Sherlock will see right through her.
Sherlock sits in his chair in the sitting room, facing the large French doors, and observes the late June rain for a few moments. A flash of lightning sears across the sky; the sound of thunder follows five seconds after. Close. Idly, Sherlock considers what would happen if lightning strikes this old house. There’s a lightning rod and a surge-protection system, of course, but what if they failed? What if Sherlock were to step outside now and just… walk into the storm?
Originally posted on
He holds it close to his face and inhales deeply.
“And this is the sort of stuff that Durham’s Surgical and Medical Tubing sells these days?!”
And the worst part is: Sherlock cannot blame him. He threw this very fact in John’s face all those weeks ago, accusing John of being afraid to care too much for his clients and therefore not connecting emotionally with them. And Sherlock had been fine with this, aloof and arrogant in his solitude, triumphant over not falling for pedestrian feelings like John’s.
The moment is there and gone in a flash as Sherlock widens his grin. “In those shoes? Well, I suppose I could slow down for you, old man.”
Sherlock begrudgingly accepts the idea of a rollercoaster ride. Located one hour’s car drive away, Thorpe Park is at a perfect distance for a day trip. John purchases entrance tickets in advance, investigates options for a romantic… no, intimate… no, well, a
It is very quiet again, although it’s not the heavy silence of before. It’s expectation, anticipation of the moment that will coagulate irreversibly. A letter opener is produced from somewhere, and the silence is interrupted by the quiet ripping of blade against paper. Sherlock removes the sheet inside while looking at John, who doesn’t quite meet his gaze.
Sherlock can indeed not imagine, removed from her life – their lives – as he has been for so long. No wonder she does not recognise him, does not trust this stranger in an alien place. With practised movements, John lifts her again to plop her down on one of the armchairs, the one Sherlock too easily started thinking of as
“Sherlock and I were classically trained from a very young age. I am seven years his senior, and therefore had the advantage of time to become more dexterous in handling musical instruments. I excelled at the piano, and Sherlock at the violin. We enjoyed playing together, and rehearsed many duets. Word spread, and we found ourselves invited to perform here and there. It became apparent with time that Sherlock was skillful beyond the ordinary, and his tutors quickly became obsolete. His talent and his…flamboyant style on stage caught the eye of several agents.” Mycroft pauses, takes a deep breath, and fixes his eyes on one of the more recent photos of the two of them. “From then on, he had no need for rehearsing duets with me, or anyone else for that matter. He is brilliant on his own.” Mycroft glances at John and adds with a smirk, “He also won the genetic lottery for good looks.”
on the bed and a court order later and the result would be a match from the offspring of Mr and Mrs Trevor. Tell me just one thing,” he carries on to not let Victor put a word in, “what is it that gets you off, the frankly horrible decor or imagining Sherlock between the bedsheets? Or is it both?” He wrinkles his nose in mock disgust.
John walks back to his flat, the events of the night twirling like a merry-go-round in his head, garish colours and too-loud noises and vicious cycles all coalescing into one big ball of anxiety. He locks the door behind him and makes a bee-line to the kettle.
John opens his eyes and stretches a hand to gently touch Sherlock’s split eyebrow. “You are a wonder, Sherlock Holmes, and don’t ever let anyone convince you of anything else.” He slides the tips of his fingers through s few wild curls over Sherlock’s temple. “Thank you.”
The heavy metal door is bolted behind him. John scrunches his eyes shut for a moment against a spell of dizziness – yes, he’s still quite drunk, but the worst of it is lifting like a late morning fog.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; Humor; Crimes Against Cuisine; Fluff.
“Ha, very good! That’s perfect, really.” He avoided giving too much thought on what Molly meant with ‘do it on a stretcher’. He was a professional, after all. “As described on our webpage, our products are made from the finest medical grade silicone and TPE. No pre-applied lubricants, all is squeaky clean. They last long with little wear. Better than the real thing, ha!” He chuckled and crouched to snap open his suitcase.
“There hasn’t been an appointment! Nobody has called me, I did not receive any letter,
Late afternoon has John walking around the house. It’s the blue hour, and the snow blanket shines almost electrically. While he’s not expecting any trouble here in the middle of nowhere, he can’t really shake off his permanent state of vigilance. Bill has been chatting up Molly the whole day, and she’s letting him, so John had thought it could be good to let the two of them get to know each other better, and make himself scarce. He spots Mycroft and Sherlock near the boathouse; they seem to be having a lively discussion, and from Sherlock’s expression (he can’t see Mycroft’s) it’s not a good one. John decides to not pry, even if he feels in his gut the discussion might be about him. Mycroft’s posture is tense, and at some point he walks out looking upset, but not before spotting John. He gives John a polite nod even if his expression is glacial.
Realisation dawns on Sherlock. “And so, he has been informed of our whereabouts.”
“I wanted to evaluate how difficult it was to get in.”
John clamps his mouth shut and looks away, body swaying towards the exit. Better to focus on his job instead of taking Sherlock’s bait.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
. Science be damned. The perfect kiss must include John Watson.
“I can hear you thinking.” John’s sleepy mumbling against Sherlock’s chest startles him into hugging John closer. John looks up, bleary-eyed and soft. Are his eyes bluer this morning? “Hello there, gorgeous.”
“I trust you.”
Relevant tags: Sally Donovan & Sherlock Holmes; Angst; Post-Reichenbach
“They need to know if the stone has moved–“
, the latest upload from an ambitious series of videos still being produced for his latest album.
He tastes his own, sometimes. He’s run away from London to escape memories that stubbornly cling on to him and now hang on every bit of his garden. Pain is a landscape.
John’s had enough. He signals to Mycroft’s driver to stop. “You’re the one telling him that caring is not an advantage,” he spits out.
John watches as Sherlock is positively petrified at the sight of their new (potential) client.
with the bullet intended for
John smiles back. “Are you a cock?”
‘Armchair,’ John grunts.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. I asked for help with pain relief as soon as I got there, stated clearly I had taken ibuprofen and paracetamol… and that it was not helping.” There’s another ragged breath, and eyes fluttering shut. “The doctor told me then it… it was complicated to give me anything stronger because of my medical history.”
“Your ‘protection’ is what is killing him.” John turns around to face Victor at this. “If he can’t do the work, what else does he have left?”
she anyway, John, hm? Another one of your one-night stands?”
John reaches into his inner jacket pocket and retrieves a small crucifix, golden with a smooth black stone in the centre. He hands it to Sherlock. “I want you to keep this.”
He’s ready.
The ninja-woman startles from being addressed and doesn’t reply. Her eyes are still locked on John, unfriendly and calculating.
They decide celebration is in order and go out to a recently opened Thai place on Marylebone Road, just a ten-minute walk from their flat. Sherlock is buzzing with renewed energy, and John feels only relief. Relief that his friend’s ordeal is over, that no complications arose, that Sherlock is back to his old self.
while pointing to the one in her left hand. She scurries off with an eye-roll.
The letter sleeps on the small kitchen table, cold, mocking. A regular size envelope, milky white, ordinary stamp.
Feather-light fingertips on his jaw makes John open his eyes and turn to face Sherlock. “He made a very poor attempt, which I was able to ward off,” Sherlock replies softly, “then Irene escorted him and the harpy out. You missed it because you were having a strop on the balcony.”
John gets up from his chair to sit next to him. To Sherlock’s surprise, he takes his hand and lifts it to kiss his knuckles.
he wonders, irritated.
“I just realized,” John finally continues, “that I never actually apologised.”
John licks his lips and looks at him, the same way he looked at Sherlock earlier at Angelo’s. There’s hope in his gaze, and Sherlock
Greg stares back at her, and… ah, there it is. Confusion giving way to surprise, then to a wicked smile. “Well, in that case, may I have another cup of tea?”
John watches in disbelief as Sherlock slowly raises the gun towards him.
Not dull. No, not John.
“Sherlock, hands from dead bodies are not– you know what, forget it.” John knows better than to continue that line of discussion – if Sherlock has decided to grow three types of mould on a decaying body part and it makes him happy, who is John to deny him that small pleasure? “What is it that I am never going to believe in?”
A hand on a knee. On the curve of the neck. On a cheek. Fingers through curls, through short strands of hair.
“Of course, John. Apologies for disturbing you at this hour, but it was…”
A sharp smell invades his nostrils; something chlorinated? His head is killing him, and his stomach is roiling. He rolls to his side and dry-heaves; with nothing in his stomach, there is not much to throw up. He had been, after all, on his way to dinner with Sarah.
“Euclidian geometry as a metaphor? How positively ordinary, Mycroft.” Despite the snark, there is no bite in Sherlock’s reply. He’s looking at the table, suddenly interested in a stain that he keeps probing with a finger pad.
John walks briskly through the gates, ignores the first few rows of gravestones, takes a path his shoes have probably carved from all the times he has walked it. His loafers are getting muddy, but that is the last thing on his mind.
Sherlock finishes to a new round of applause. “Thank you, thank you,” he repeats pleasantly. “The next song is from my latest album, and it’s called
Unable to catch his breath for a proper reply, Sherlock shakes his head. John releases a shaky breath and helps Sherlock up from the floor.
Greg’s comment about his fees is not out of place – John Watson is a well-paid private bodyguard. Security service in MI5 combined with army combat skills has made him sharp, fast, and lethal. He’s often been told he has an unassuming presence, which he knows lends itself to the job, melting seamlessly into the background. John isn’t a tall man either, and looks harmless to the untrained eye. All in all, he has made himself known as a reliable security expert in those circles where a personal recommendation is worth his weight in gold.
The answer is filled with honesty and resolution. “We will be.”
He tells himself a lot of rubbish these days.
Sherlock signals to the band and starts singing a cover of
“Hmmm,” Sherlock moans in misery, a shake of his head making his inky curls bob softly. John nods in sympathy: Sherlock rarely drinks, and tonight they both went way beyond their limits.
, John thinks.
Sherlock clears his throat. “Haematuria.”
“Irene? Irene!” John looks around. The small lobby has only three doors: the one to the lift, the one to the suite and the emergency stairwell, so it’s useless of John to shout after her. He does it anyway, opening the door to the stairwell to make sure she’s not hiding out there for some mysterious reason. Finding the place empty as far as he can see and hearing no reply back, he strides to the door of the suite and tries to open it. Locked. Not unoccupied, though – he hears noise from inside.
get on the stage and starts dancing next to Sherlock. Irene is about to intervene but Sherlock raises an imperious hand to halt her; she hesitates but lets it go, the man on the stage oblivious to the ongoing tension as Sherlock blends his gesture with the dance routine. He dances with the man, spins around him, grinds and slides along him, sensual yet commanding the scene.
It’s a risk to use words either of them usually scoffs at, but the reward is John’s single, tired nod.
John bursts out laughing. “God help me, I did. Bit not good, that.”
“Where the hell is Irene?”
Mr Hardy takes a step back and smiles invitingly at John, giving him space to approach. “I need to pick some more supplies, gentlemen, be back in a tick.” He leaves the room, and Sherlock and John are alone.
The problem is, he finds himself
“Obviously, a joke made in poor taste,” he says, punctuating with a dismissive wave of a hand.
And why would he avoid it? He had everything he ever wanted in that very moment: John in his arms, his warm skin sliding gently on Sherlock’s, his blue eyes so full of affection directed at one Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock’s chest filled with so much love for this man he thought he would simply burst.
One warm July evening, Sherlock throws himself on the sofa and plops the laptop on his knees. He tries not to think too much on that the first thing he does, the first thing he’s been doing now for a fortnight in the evenings, is to check his mail. Preemptively, he tries to not be disappointed by the absence of John’s contact.
Sometime later, John looks up from his computer to find Sherlock still sitting across from him but apparently deep in his mind palace. Hands steepled below chin, eyes closed, slow breathing. At least he looks peaceful, free from the sheen of anxiety the damned stone has been giving him (and John per extension).
and a suggestive lyric. He skims the dancing crowd with increasing anxiety: the stalker could be here, very likely
, John internally chastises himself. So, he was just going to tell Sherlock, what? That he’s groping his knee in hopes to grope something more? That he wanted to climb onto his lap and snog the living lights out of him? That he’s marrying Mary because Sherlock’s married to his work? That John loves Sherlock more than anyone else in this world? And then they would have sex and John would still go back to his fiancée in the morning?
Sherlock sways gently by a window, eyes closed, playing something Ellie does not recognise – not that she would be able to identify anything but the more well-known classic pieces, but still. He’s wearing a silky dressing gown that undulates in tempo with his right arm as it draws the bow gently back and forth across the strings; the gown is open over immaculate dark suit trousers and a white shirt. Ellie stares at him, a smile of admiration plastered on her face, while John quietly clicks the door closed behind them. Judging by John’s own casual attire, they were indeed just having a quiet afternoon in.
“I am not jealous of my brother’s
“Oh, I don’t know. It wasn’t all that bad, I suppose.” Sherlock observes the remaining spring roll on his plate as if it is the most interesting object in the universe, avoiding John’s gaze altogether.
John shakes his head. “We need to draw blood and a urine sample. Try not to pee for now. If it’s an UTI, we might need to culture, and it works best with urine that’s been a couple of hours in the bladder.”
“God, Sherlock. You’re gorgeous.” A nip, a grazing of teeth, another small lick.
help. Not anything I am particularly recommending as a physician, but I recall reading about this and so...”
“Hello, Johnny boy,” suit-man replies with a sunny Irish tilt, “you
“Only a hand?”
“–and you will enjoy yourself, or at least keep me company while I enjoy myself, end. Of. Discussion.” John marches past Sherlock to the entry gate, a hand reaching for the mobile in his inner pocket to pull up their tickets. Sherlock gapes incredulously at first but then follows John, brooding. Hearing the angry stomping behind him, John smirks in triumph.
leaving his mouth is shaky and mournful.
Airports, ugh. Drab, disgusting, dull. Too many
gay. I like
, John chastises himself and braces for a caustic comment on his stuttering from Sherlock.
Shit, shit, shit. Was this too much? The memory of their row still echoes in Sherlock’s mind; yes, their e-mail exchange had lifted some of that suffocating atmosphere, but to invite John right back into an environment he might perceive as hostile was probably a stupid idea. Sherlock is second-guessing his idea now and is about to take back his offer when John answers:
“Then what?!” Sherlock explodes, and John is taken aback with the rawness of his fury, so different from his usual sharp, controlled bouts of acerbity.
. John downs the last of his beer while Sherlock narrows his eyes at him. “Yes, it was a client, of sorts. It just didn’t work out.”
To his surprise, Sherlock does not continue on one of his tirades. Instead, he stares at John, mouth agape, with a look of bewildered surprise on his face. As if John had suddenly materialised in front of him, as if Sherlock wasn’t expecting to see him there at all. Before John can say or do anything else, Sherlock gets up from his armchair and swiftly climbs on his lap, straddling his thighs.
Sherlock will not open it. What for? What would be the point of sliding his finger under the flap of the envelope, slipping the paper from within, and reading words disgorged by an impersonal pen? The same pen that wrote Sherlock’s current address in Sussex; a Bic Cristal, black, 1.0 mm pen, so commonplace.
He thinks about the letter.
“Then, Captain Watson, I will proceed to show you how juvenile I can be.”
Sherlock tries not to stare. “Fine.”
Sherlock is fishing for information, and John hesitates. There had been a time when he dated woman after woman, although he can’t remember whether he ever took one to this restaurant; probably not, as he rather prefers to come here alone for a nosh and a pint when he’s in central London. That he thought of this place to bring Sherlock to was a consequence of feeling safe and in control here.
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock places a gentle kiss on John’s forehead. “It is not possible to listen to one’s thoughts as they do not emit sound waves in the audible range.”
“Well, maybe it was for the best she didn’t see this,” John picks a firearm from the box, an antique, brass-coloured, very long-barrelled Colt revolver, “she never really got over the holes on the living-room wall.”
Irene raises a placating hand. “Sherlock–”
Sherlock pauses and looks at her,
John opens the door, taking only the briefest of moments to place the woman in front of him in the correct time and space. “Ellie! Oh wow! What a surprise! Come in, come in!”
“So, you didn’t know from the start or suspected it at all?” John asks.
On a whim, John decides to follow him into the kitchen.
And so, Sherlock had left, and never heard a word again from John.
put Sherlock in a state is going to be in big trouble. “Show me.”
Originally posted on
Two quick notes:
Greg leans towards John to speak in his ear, “Good to see you, mate; thanks for coming.”
Greg allows Sally a moment to gather her thoughts. She is chewing her lower lip in thought. “But…”
“Only one way to find out.”
The hand descends to Sherlock’s chest; a warm palm presses over his heart. “What about inside them?” A question whispered in sorrow.
“Let me go, Dr Watson,” she spits behind clenched teeth.
“Your job seems to be making my life a living hell!” is a typical answer, followed by a dramatic exit from the discussion with a swoop of a dressing gown. Also typical are cold looks or snarky comments from Victor after Sherlock’s explosions, and remarks on how pointless and eye-wateringly ugly all the rebuilding is.
Sherlock purses his lips and the ice breaks. His eyes soften and the torrent of emotions he’s been holding in a precarious dam flows over his face. “I… I do, John.”
Sherlock frowns, confused. “A warm bath?”
“Are you coming back to London?” John asks timidly in the wee hours against Sherlock’s long, pale neck, following with a soft kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder, sweat cooling on their skin.
“You love me too.”
There’s the sound of hurried steps approaching and a nurse bursts in the room, looking alarmed at the remains of the potted orchid. John quickly explains the situation is under control and she leaves with a sympathetic nod and the promise of a broom.
. Not the perfect way to start the discussion, but the point has been made.
Sherlock clutches expertly the gun in his right hand and inspects it in detail, turning it this and that way.
Years ago, ages ago, Sherlock would not have thought much about this. He would not have reacted at all. So what if John had his mind elsewhere? But these days, after all they went through, after all they talked, after holding a sobbing John Watson in his arms – these days, Sherlock makes an effort, because John is worth it.
Sherlock actually
“What was that all about?” John places the box down on the kitchen table and opens it.
Sherlock smirks a humourless smile. “Caring is not an advantage. Sentiment is the grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment. It is distracting and not conducive to higher intellectual processes.” He faces the mirror fully again. “Do you think these lapels are too wide? Hardy can be a bit conservative sometimes.”
John, my blogger, is the man with the flair for romantic words in this relationship of ours. That sort of vocabulary fails me, and therefore I cannot put in writing the expression on his face. But his voice was soft, the voice he uses when he wants to reassure me, to care for me, to hold me. It drips fondness, and it should be hateful.
Ellie smirks knowingly. She can also deduce a thing or two.
Despite the dark, Molly’s blush is noticeable but she simply mumbles a ‘just doing my job,’ lets go of his hand with an affectionate smile, and disappears with the limo off to the garage.
John takes a proper look at Sherlock as he chews on his lip and tries to find the words to finish his thoughts. It’s perhaps the first time since their date that he’s seen Sherlock this open and vulnerable, and it fills him with sadness.
“Nothing to apologise for,” John whispers back, and means it, asserts it with one last threading of fingers into disarrayed curls. He slides his hands onto Sherlock’s biceps and lifts him gently, attempting to make Sherlock face him. “Can you get up?”
“What do you mean,
No chance to continue as a surgeon – his damaged shoulder gave him an unsteady left hand and a destroyed self-confidence. And all the work and money to requalify
[Banker, cheating on his wife with his secretary. Obvious.]
Sherlock hums, sets his cup down and rises from the armchair, taking a slow stroll across the room. He walks past the telly and slides a finger over the slim top. He rubs his fingertips feeling the collected dust, then skims a sideboard and halts his hand over the knob of a drawer. John straightens his spine and holds his breath as Sherlock opens the drawer and removes its only contents: a gun. More specifically, his Sig Sauer, a not quite legal souvenir from his time in Afghanistan; somehow, in the midst of his hurried discharge, the possession of this particular piece had not been noticed.
“Do you ever reply?”
“She’s not had her mid-morning snack so she’s not in a great mood. Any chance for an early lunch?” He’s walking out of the door while casually throwing the question over his shoulder, as if this was a common domestic scene between them. It takes Sherlock a few disconcerting moments to shake out of his semi-shocked state and react.
Sally halts, clenches her jaw and turns decisively to face him. “How can I trust you? You are a master liar, an emotionless sociopath and a manipulator.” She doesn’t miss how he narrows her eyes at her, a flash of…
“Yes. Left side. Cramping like hell. Or throbbing. Whatever.” He swallows heavily, words coming out in a ragged exhale. “Took 400 mg ibuprofen an hour ago, which was as effective as a sugar pill.” He gets up and starts walking around the living-room again.
John rolls his eyes. “The atomic number of zinc is thirty.”
“Yes,” Sherlock answers with a tiny nod.
Greg smiles at her sheepish look. “Care to elaborate?”
John deflates and sets his cup down on the coffee table. He clasps his hands, letting them hang between his knees, shoulders lowered with an invisible weight.
“You would have to let me do my work so you can do yours.”
A new text message pings on Sherlock’s phone. A sound John recognises all too well as a text from
mad at me. I felt it. You know what I mean.”
, more than just the fact that he had made a very clear sexual advance on Sherlock. But he can’t put his finger on what it is and this irritates him to no end. His gaze skitters the room in search of John and finds him out on the balcony, his back turned to the room, hands clasping the railing and head bowed down. Uncharacteristic of him to let his guard down like this. Or then again, perhaps he has just given up on Sherlock. On them.
Sherlock turned a sly gaze to John. “Do you have this in a different size?” Sherlock gave him a once-over and licked his lips.
John sighs and nods in Sherlock’s direction. “Just him.”
“It’s half four–”
Greg exhales in relief. “Thank you, John. Um, so. Here’s what’s happening: someone is sending Sherlock death threats, menacing letters. Grisly stuff. Most of them he never gets to know about, and he’s actually not read any of the letters; his PA is usually the first to intercept correspondence, and has kept him in the dark about the precise nature and number of letters.”
They sit in silence across the kitchen table. Old newspapers still pile on one corner, and under it all, a safely tucked-away letter. As Sherlock swirls a spaghetti noodle around fork tines, he considers how easily he could slip into his old life again, the one he had before his fall from a rooftop. The one filled with evening banter and cases and anxious violin concerts.
This chapter is rated Gen.
Sherlock sighs. “I suppose you are right. The Work is all I have. Better focus on it.”
The air mattress stays deflated in a corner of the room.
“Piss off, Mycroft.”
Mycroft’s words float uninvited into his consciousness:
“You can’t go around with it hanging like that, John, people will notice.”
They lie down for a long time, minutes stretching into the wee hours of the night, and Sherlock is lulled into a deep slumber by the clatter of rain on the roof and the steady beat of John’s heart.
John clears his throat. “So, uh-hum. I guess if this happens again, we know what to do.”
And for some unfathomable reason, Sherlock decides to
Somehow, they tumble in a haze into Sherlock’s bedroom. Their kisses deepen and become more urgent, sliding into an edge of desperation; hands roam over chests, clumsy fingers unbutton shirts, flies are unzipped. John is drunk and dizzy on lust, and by the look of it, Sherlock isn’t much better, his crystal-clear eyes brimming with want, colour high on his cheeks, and a faint sheen of sweat gathering on his forehead. They collapse onto Sherlock’s bed, trousers and pants unceremoniously shoved low on thighs, and they reach for each other, trembling hands stroking erections, smooth skin sliding over hardness, and John wants to crawl inside this beautiful man and melt into him, his thoughts are scattered all over the place and there’s only Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock’s mouth and heat and friction and panting and
Is Sherlock simply wishing to know more about John, making polite conversation?
? Someone was here and
All those times John declared
“And the bullet hit him instead of me,” Sherlock says. “Precision shot, it would not have missed the target.”
She eyes the box suspiciously; John notices her curiosity. “Oh, would you like to see it too?”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Fluff
“Sherlock, you okay? What’s going on?”
“That wasn’t a very impressive deduction, Sherlock.” Her chuckle could have been teasing, but there is a definite steel to it underneath it all. “Anyway, yes, you are correct.” She leans forward conspiratorially and announces barely above a whisper: “We have three people in our marriage, and it’s taking its toll. John is in love with someone else.”
“Did the police take samples of the, uh…fluids?” John asks, already guessing the answer.
“The very same,” Bill greets, shaking Mycroft’s hand. “Are you all in trouble?”
“Your dates. Like me. Or you haven’t dated before?” Sherlock asks with an eye-roll.
Just as he is about to lose consciousness, Sherlock hears a loud crash.
“Why am I being the reasonable one here? It hardly fits in your hands!”
John slumps exhausted into his blessed soft armchair and observes his friend while he launches himself into some sort of demented medley arranged for strings.
A snort of agreement sounds from the kitchen. “That one, going on a holiday? Only if there’s a triple murder.”
of a loud bass, and John walks around to get a feel for the floor plan and discreetly eye the loiterers. Many eye him back, some not without a hint of appreciation.
It should not irritate Sherlock this much when John enforces domesticity on their shared presence. The sharp-fanged, ugly darkness looms in the background though, and extends its tendrils slowly, slowly. The precession wobbles and wavers.
echoed in his thoughts. There’s sage and coriander and basil, fragrant as he smears leaves between calloused fingers, desperately trying to push away the smell of John’s shampoo as he buried his nose in his hair. Sherlock had wanted to taste John’s tears, but he knew better than to try.
“Thank you.”
The delivery is harsh but above all filled with resentment.
John sees how Anderson glowers at Sherlock’s back. “Is he part of your staff?”
John takes a good look at her. Molly is pretty, more sort of cute-pretty than eye-catching. Her clothes seem to be thrown on her rather than carefully dressed, and her hair is tied in a ponytail almost as an afterthought. With her almost shy attitude and pleasant manner, Molly is the sort of woman who will pass unnoticed. John silently reproaches himself for shallowly focusing on her looks when it is clear there is an intelligent gaze and lilt in her question.
“Oh, hello, detective inspector, do come in. Dreadful weather tonight, isn’t it?” Mrs Hudson steps aside to let an apologetic (and drenched to the bone) Greg Lestrade come in the hallway. She closes the door on the downpour outside, and the loud splashing of fat droplets on the pavement muffles quickly down to white noise.
Sherlock breathes in his flat. 221B Baker Street.
“Oh, stop it, John,” Sherlock huffs, “I’m not asking you to go out to another club to perform, or a shopping trip or whatever. I just.” Sherlock lowers his gaze to the ground and looks…embarrassed? John takes a deep breath and decides to wait until Sherlock collects himself and says what he has to say. “I feel claustrophobic in this house. I need to get some air. I know it sounds ludicrous, but. Well.”
“What?”
John finally understands how out of their depths the men are. Greg is smart, but his stint in MI5 wasn’t quite in this type of security matters, and his brief career as a cop, while undoubtedly useful for muscling his way through a crowd, isn’t quite what is needed here. Victor seems to want to please Sherlock, regardless of the price they have to pay.
What does Sherlock want? What does he
Because in the end, it is so simple. It is always Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock, the two of them against the world. Survivors, brothers in arms, friends, partners. A love immutable, immortal, indelible.
“Remember what we rehearsed?”
It’s only when Mycroft takes a gentle hold of his biceps that John comes to his senses and interrupts the kiss. “Mycroft, look, you– you are a lovely man–”
“I know. It’s just that— sometimes I—” He takes a deep breath and relaxes further into Sherlock’s arms.
John wavers for an instant with the tray in his hands, then clears his throat and sets the tray down on a small coffee table. “Tea,” he adds nervously, and kicks himself for stating the obvious. A couple of floor lamps light up the room with a subdued glow; all of Sherlock’s sharp features soften up in the dim lighting. Sherlock smiles and sits on an armchair, reaching for a cup and the sugar bowl; John sits opposite to him on the sofa.
before he speaks? He should have set parameters –
Sherlock is suddenly starving.
sudden absence.” Sherlock’s voice is clearer but loaded with venom.
“Or you have been
“Aren’t you going to answer that?” John aims for nonchalance; he knows he fails miserably at it, but does he really have an option?
“We don’t have to. Let’s just go home. We’ll pick up dinner at the new Chinese place on Edgware Road, how about it?”
Sherlock cannot parse the tone in John’s voice. Is it sorrow? Shock? Just a statement? He settles for replying with a small nod.
It’s been a long time coming. We have both had our share of obstacles to surmount. One would be fooled in believing the biggest of them all being John’s matrimony to Mary, or the dark period after her death. One would be wrong. The largest obstacles have been our own fears: of undeserving trust, of potential abandonment, of repressed desires.
“Bloody divas, the lot of them. Impossible to control.”
Sherlock sighs and relaxes minutely into the mattress. “Okay.” A moment later, “Thank you.” He squirms on the bed for a while, obviously not finding any position that would give him relief. Some twenty minutes later he falls asleep.
John is not calling it a budding relationship. He’s just not doing that.
All in all, John thinks Sherlock’s combative mood is a turn for the better.
. It’s no longer a descriptor for a physical place, four walls enclosing material belongings and personal effects.
. John takes a moment to ponder how to explain this to the man. Surely they can attempt to keep the conversation on the scientific side, without John showing his hand? “Well, despite you dismissing emotions, they are not quantifiable by some spectrometer. How would you measure love?”
All three occupants of the house turn up at the door, and it’s Bill who speaks first: “What’s going on?”
Ten metres. That is all the distance that separates the Holmes brothers. It would be a short distance, one easy to cross, if it wasn’t for the fact that Sherlock is surrounded by four solid walls making up a solitary prison cell, while Mycroft paces a room as a free man.
“Mhm… You know you’re cleaning everything though, right?” John asked playfully.
“Shut up…” Sherlock growled while continuing the composition he was making before being interrupted, glancing at the instructions from time to time.
He stepped inside and immediately took off his drenched coat and muddy shoes. As soon as he had ditched them, his mother pushed him gently in the direction of their downstairs bathroom.
When John finally fell asleep, Sherlock allowed himself to stare at what he could see of John’s face. He looked really peaceful and had nothing to do with his agitated self from earlier in the evening.
3 in the morning) and if at some point John intertwined their fingers, neither of them mentioned it.
) but the kitchen table (or the kitchen altogether) probably wouldn’t be available for a quite a time. Oh well, it wasn’t as if it hadn’t already happened in the past.
Sherlock walked to his bed and sat next to John. He told him about the supposedly suicide that was, in fact, a murder and how he had crossed paths with a whole lot of incompetent idiots before finally having someone give him a chance. He then explained thoroughly the whole case and his method to find the killer – including chasing her around London. John was listening to every word Sherlock was saying. Sherlock could tell by the way he reacted (eyes widening, breathing quickening, hands twitching…) when he was getting to the good parts of the story, that John was fascinated and maybe also terrified.
Sherlock had been sulking and mumbling this over and over again, all day long.
Sherlock had been delighted to hear that Rosie (there was no point lying to himself and not admitting he actually considered her as his own daughter after living with her for almost 6 years) shared interests with him. He had thought of a lot of experiments that they could do but practically all of them included body parts or products that could kill you if you weren’t careful. Since Sherlock deeply cared about Rosie’s safety and did not want to live this world by the hand of John Watson, he had decided to settle on the harmless (but painfully useless) experiment that he had done as a child: The Baking Soda and Vinegar Volcano Eruption.
Sherlock’s blissful state of mind was violently shattered by a fake and exaggerated retching noise. He separated himself from John with a small ‘pop’ and opened his eyes (he didn’t remember closing them in the first place, but he didn't remember much after that kiss). He glared at his sister, who was making a disgusted face.
“It is. It really is. But she’s quite smart, isn’t she?”
“I am?” John snorted. He followed Sherlock and settled in a comfortable armchair, grabbing a fantasy book Sherlock couldn’t bother remembering the name of from the coffee table nearby.
John seemed to come back to his senses. “Oh right, flowers. Uh well, I’m looking for a bouquet for my sister. I’m visiting her in um…” John looked suddenly uncomfortable and unsure. Sherlock took in his posture, his fidgeting, his staring at the decorated bottles and talked without thinking.
He was walking in the hallway, trying to get to his locker without running into anyone whom he didn’t want to run into, his eyes lowered in order to avoid meeting someone’s gaze. For some reason, that had been held against him several times the previous year. He shook his head trying to erase the memory of the one-sided and inequitable fight that ensued.
After his hot and longer-than-necessary shower, Sherlock padded to the sitting room where Eurus and John were having what seemed to be a normal and dull conversation on the sofa, and as expected, Mycroft was sitting on an armchair, facing him.
A few tension-filled minutes later, he spun on his heels and faced John. Sherlock had never felt so unsure and determined at the same time. He didn’t know it was even possible to feel like that, but there weren’t any other ways he could describe the emotions crashing against one another inside him.
“Why not in front of Daddy?”
“What you said about the dead man being murdered was true and I have no bloody idea how you figured that out but if you could say that just from little bits you saw, you could help us a lot if you’d come.”
“Ok sure- well he’s right here so you can talk to him,” John extended his hand toward Sherlock at the same time as the latter reached forward. When their eyes met, Sherlock saw the excitement on John’s face and remembered how it had been since they worked together on a case, since they barged on a crime scene together and saw Sally’s annoyed face greeting them. So no matter how boring he would find whatever Lestrade would offer him, he would accept it. To please John. And maybe himself too.
There had been some shooting and some dangerous murderer chase all around London and Sherlock had loved every single part of this rainy and what should have a boring afternoon.
“He didn’t ask…” Sherlock mumbled. He was in a sulky mood but lucky him, John seemed to find this mood amusing and often offered him soft smiles.
He crouched down in front of her to be on her level. “Because then, Daddy would be really upset. He would be upset that I love him that way and angry that I told you, you understand?”
There was another small problem. Rosie had been telling her classmates and teacher that her “papa is the cleverest human and solves mysteries” (John sometimes allowed Sherlock to tell her about cases they had solved but made sure to make up a censored version before because talking about psychopaths and serial killers to a six year old girl couldn’t possibly have a good impact on her future). And now, Sherlock was sitting in a chair across the little girl’s teacher (next to the said little girl), discussing about whether he could come to Rosie’s class to present the work of a policeman.
To Sherlock, nothing existed except John and him. He felt light-headed, like every piece of knowledge had left his mind. The only thing he could focus on was the movement of John’s lips against his clumsily moving own, the counter digging in his back and the smell of John’s cheap shampoo.
When he looked up, John bloody Watson was right there looking at him curiously, a small smile playing on his lips. He held his gaze for a few seconds before John broke into a grin and gasped.
Sometimes too natural. There had been times when she almost slipped up and called him that in presence of her actual father. Those times had made Sherlock’s heart race so fast he had had to isolate himself in his room for a few minutes in order to calm down (the first time, Rosie had thought she was mad at him and had started crying in the arm of a very confused John).
“Yes, Mummy…” Eurus and Sherlock said absentmindedly, as getting along with Mycroft was something they were asked to do often but never managed to accomplish. Sherlock settled (slumped) on the sofa next to John, trapping the rugby captain between him and his sister.
John chuckled and Sherlock felt warm fingers carding through his curls. He froze for less than a second before deciding that John was still too drowsy to judge his actions or deduce anything from it and leaned into the touch, silently telling John the stroking was welcomed.
“Er, right,” Sherlock cleared his throat. “So these ones,” he pointed to the gardenias, “mean ‘you’re lovely’,” As he spoke, he realized how embarrassing it was going to be and wished John had listened to him more carefully when he ranted about flower language. He cleared his throat
Eurus didn’t make any comments. Instead, she spoke in the flattest tone. “You’ll clean the floor afterwards. And there is no way you’re making me do it this time alright?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, not agreeing to these terms and his sister joined their father at the back of the shop.
to get caught. And I remembered something about flower language so I figured it could, maybe, be a lead?”
Why was that so terrible? Because Sherlock went to school with John Watson and because he may or may not have been admiring and developing feelings for the rugby captain from afar. For a long time. It was stupid, he had known it the minute he had admitted (acknowledged) his stupid infatuation to himself. But Sherlock’s feelings were apparently as stubborn as the boy himself and wouldn’t subside. It was even stupider to hide from him when the golden boy probably didn’t even know Sherlock existed. And yet, Sherlock was frozen as he heard John Watson walk into the shop.
Sherlock scoffed. Technically, he didn’t
“Yes, yes of course…” He took her hand and they started walking back in direction of Baker Street. Only a few seconds after they were out of the park, Sherlock cut Rosie off her reciting of the story their teacher had told them. “Look, Rosie um, er… You know you called me…” The word had trouble getting out of his throat. “… Papa? Yeah?” She nodded with a slightly worried look on her face. “Yes well, you can’t call me that.”
Just like that, Sherlock’s face felt as if it were on fire. “Shut up, git…” Sherlock reached for his instructions and busied his hands by starting a new arrangement. John laughed and started talking about his crazy mission to retrieve the cold cases from New Scotland Yard. They fell into their usual and comfortable dynamic.
“You could have got hurt or-”
“How the bloody hell did you- you know what? Never mind. Just come with me tell me as much as you can about it.” There was a pause during which Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the man standing in front of him – resulting in making him even more anxious than he already was – and waited just a few more seconds. “Please.” The DI added.
John started to laugh uncontrollably, and even Sherlock couldn’t keep a smile off his face. He was just so damn happy!
“Um hi, remember me?” He was nervous. And in a hurry. Sherlock decided he was going to make this more difficult than he ought to.
It was another half hour of sulking and grumbling on Sherlock’s part and worried or annoyed glances on his father and sister’s part before the door opened at exactly 1:37 in the afternoon. Entered the incompetent but relatively nice DI from the morning, who looked miserable because of the rain but also, Sherlock deduced, because there had been no progress made on the case. They had wrapped their mind around the fact that it was a murder about two hours after Sherlock was sent back to the flower shop but had no idea who or why. The desperate look on the man’s face said it all. And something must have come up for him to go looking directly for him.
Even later in the evening, when Sherlock and his family had gone home and he was reading one of the files John had given him, Eurus entered his room and dropped a huge pack of condoms along with a ‘Happy birthday’ card signed by both Eurus and Mycroft right before him on his bed.
She seemed to consider it for a few moments before shrugging. “Okay Papa!” She shook his hand solemnly and grinned at him.
John looked at Sherlock. “I don’t know, I’m okay with that, considering we won’t be able to use the kitchen for a while, what about you Sherlock?”
Sherlock ended up learning everything there was to learn about flowers, going from how poisonous some could be to their symbolism in flower language. As the night went on, John’s already unconvincing attempts at making him go to bed became more and more half-hearted and the time it took for him read a page of his book increased. Finally, around three in the morning – later than Sherlock anticipated – John fell asleep in the chair.
Great, now for some reason Mycroft could know where he was and he was probably waiting for him in the sitting room along with Eurus if the ugly coat hanging by the door and the umbrella were anything to go by, thought Sherlock while his parents and his best friends kept on reproaching him what sounded like every single thing he had done since he was born.
“Why did you say Daddy and you were married?” She paused but added something out of doubt. “You’re not married, are you?”
After John changed to old pyjamas Sherlock’s mother had provided to him, they both went to bed.
It was scary and new and exciting and dangerous.
“I guess you could say that… My point is, we’ve reached a dead end and what you said this morning was very interesting.”
“Ready Dr. Watson?” Sherlock asked, talking solemnly, goggles, lab coat and latex gloves on.
“Oh right, sorry Papa! Yes,
Sherlock slowly opened his tightly shut eyes, to see a very embarrassed John trying to get Rosie to talk normally and stop practically screaming. The detective took a deep, steadying breath. “John I’m very sorry, I shouldn’t have let your daughter know about that. It was an accident, I promise, but still, it’s not something a child should feel obligated to handle. You can have the apartment I wouldn’t take that away from you but can I-”
John only took his cold hand in his warm one and squeezed it. When Sherlock turned his head to face John, he was met by a soft and fond smile. “Thank you, Sherlock,” His voice was barely above a whisper. And somehow, Sherlock knew this wasn’t only about him talking with Rosie about this issue.
Sherlock felt his cheeks heat up at the compliment (
A week later, John asked him to help him with his chemistry homework.
He took a deep, grounding breath and marched towards his friend. Bemusement was painted all over John’s face and had partly replaced his sad and anxious expression. The signs of his surprise became more and more visible every time Sherlock took a step towards him.
“-or take John with you-”
He had been right all along, of course.
“At least tell us exactly where you’re going and what you’re doing-”
Sherlock could have stayed there all night, watching John sleep looking so peaceful, but he suspected John would feel rather uneasy if he happened to wake up with Sherlock’s face inches away from his own and his eyes intently fixed on him.
“Do I want to know what happened here?”
Unfortunately, the people he had talked to had been irritatingly uncooperative. The only reactions he had got out of them when he explained and proved to them it was a murder, was a shocked (and he was certain, a little impressed) look on the DI’s face, a disgusted frown from a stupid young man, and a muttered “freak” coming out of a stupid young woman’s lips – he had resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the insult he used to be so familiar with. Right after, the same woman had requested he’d go far away and never come back, to which the other idiot nodded enthusiastically. The DI was clearly not as convinced as them that Sherlock was insane but had still made him go.
Rosie had stopped talking and was now staring a small boy kissing the cheek of his dad and letting out a quick “goodbye papa, love you” before running with his short legs through the school’s entrance. She looked back at Sherlock and tilted her head to the side as if she was trying to solve a mystery. Sherlock always felt exposed and uncomfortable under the gaze of this kid (or any other kid, seriously they’re all a little bit creepy) because it was like all his life and secrets were written on his forehead and she could figure them out effortlessly. He swallowed and nudged her toward the gates “Come on, you’re going to be late if you don’t hurry up.”
“All right.” He said in what he hoped was a casual tone.
“Good,” Sherlock said while swapping books and papers he hoped were the ones he needed. Not that it would matter much if they weren’t. Sherlock didn’t particularly mind if he didn’t do well in school because what he was (supposed to be) learning there, would never be useful in his life ever again.
“Is it like in the movie I watched with Daddy last week, when the girl is in love with the boy, kisses him and is really sad when he goes away?”
Right. That explained the gifts John was carrying and the excited expression his mother was wearing. She had never really accepted or got used to her son’s absolute hatred for this kind of event. He had made it clear years ago that he
“Right… You’re welcome… I guess…” Sherlock mumbled still finding the whole situation fairly odd. After about thirty seconds of awkward silence and John Watson looking into his eyes as if he could see his very soul, Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke up. “So how can I help you?”
“Chasing a murderer with the police, Sherlock! That’s crazy and-”
A customer came in and everyone went back to their duties, with John sitting on his high wooden stool by the counter, absentmindedly drumming on it with his fingers. After the man went out and Sherlock told him goodbye as politely as he could manage, he turned to John and pointed the weird wrapped circle-shaped thing that had moved from John’s hand to the counter. “What’s that?”
Sherlock grunted and pretended to make a flower arrangement, trying to look disinterested.
“I’m confused,” Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were probably filled with confusion. And he felt rather lost. “What do you want me to do?”
Finally, he went back downstairs and sat across John his armchair. The man in front of him was on the phone and nodding at whatever the person on the other line was saying. From the smile on his face and the furtive and excited looks he was giving Sherlock, the detective guessed he was on the phone with Lestrade and was offering them an interesting case.
Sherlock felt suspicious, Rosie was wearing a far too angelic expression for it to be real. And there was a glint in her look that told Sherlock she was up to something.
Sherlock grew accustomed to the nickname Rosie was giving him very quickly and was sometimes even surprised when she would call him by his actual name, before realizing John was in the room. He quite liked it to be honest. He could consider himself like an important element of Rosie’s (and John’s) life whenever she called him “papa”. He still felt guilty from time to time but mostly, Rosie referring him as her father had become natural.
The man bit his bottom lip (a nervous tic Sherlock had come to associate with concern and rather important decisions to make) before inhaling deeply. “Be careful.” These two words were all he said before retiring to the back of the shop. Sherlock cast a thankful glance at Eurus who merely shook her head at the lack of oral gratefulness. For some reason, she had never agreed with her much older brother’s opinion on how any kind of emotion was a weakness. Sherlock had tried to explain it to her numerous times but just like her parents, she didn’t understand any of it and thought the only reason Mycroft believed it, was because someone broke his heart or some other nonsense Sherlock had heard over dinner once or twice.
need to know any of that.
John inhaled deeply and just as Sherlock was going to tell him it was okay, he practically shoved the flowers in Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock had not idea who Sophia was but that wasn’t his main concern right then. “That’s not-” He sighed. “No, we are not planning on getting married because marriage usually requires for both people to be in love or at least in a relationship.”
“Yes,” A small theory began to bloom in Sherlock’s mind and made his heart rate considerably increase. He forced it down and crushed every ounce of hope. It would only make things worse when John would let him down.
He shouldn’t spend any more time reviewing these meanings. He should busy himself and go at the back of the shop for once. He should try not to think about John and Mary being a happy couple and John slowly forgetting about him. But he
Sherlock chuckled. “Piss off.”
And Sherlock had never felt so happy.
And just like that, they were arguing over whether or not John and him were allowed to snog in the shop. The fight happened mostly between Sherlock and Eurus, but John sometimes popped in to make a point or laugh at them. Finally, Eurus retreated to the back of the shop – not without threatening them to strangle the both of them if her or any customers walked in on them “doing anything that might cause someone to become blind” – and Sherlock and John were left alone.
He cleared his throat. “Well, I think that you should only if you want to.” There was a mildly uncomfortable silence between them. Sherlock decided to add something to try and reassure John about this whole thing. “Um… Also, I wouldn’t worry too much about Rosie feeling about because she only has one parent. You’re more than enough for her and uh… I think I might know where all of this is coming from. I’ll talk with her about it okay?” He inhaled shakily waiting for John’s response.
“I didn’t know there was a ‘flower language’,” Sherlock turned from his desk with his swivel chair, abandoning the study of his latest experiment to face John. “Why would you ask anyway? You know I delete the things I have no use for from my mind.”
Sherlock sighed. John looked so happy it would have been a crime to ruin his mood by throwing a tantrum about a birthday.
“What?” She said flatly. “Oh, I’ve got one too, from both Mycroft and me. But he didn’t want me to give it to you when Mummy and Dad are around,” Sherlock gulped. If Mycroft and Eurus had teamed up to find him something his parents couldn’t see, this something couldn’t be anything else but extremely dangerous or extremely embarrassing. Eurus shrugged. “I think it could have been funny, but he thought it was too ‘immature’…”
platonic meanings – he hadn’t deleted flower language because it was
Sherlock only realized his mistake when Rosie stared at him a wide-eyed and shocked. It was obvious that Rosie’s teacher was talking about John so Sherlock hadn’t really thought before answering her. Which he probably should have. He pointedly ignored the little girl’s facial expression and shook the teacher’s hand while saying goodbye to her.
Sherlock checked the flowers John had picked one last time while his sister was telling his friend he could have them for free and was patting his shoulder as reassuringly as Eurus could. And it wasn’t very reassuring. He saw white camellias, meaning ‘you’re adorable’ and ‘perfected loveliness’, a few gloxinias that represented love at first sight and finally, red chrysanthemums that meant ‘I love you’.
“Can we eat at Angelo’s tonight?” Rosie asked John, looking up to him.
The girl still seemed confused about the whole story but looked like she accepted it and nodded. Sherlock let out a relieved sigh and they continued their walk back to the flat. Nothing changed from usual, Rosie still talked all the way to their home and called him papa. In fact, Sherlock was under the impression she was using that nickname more often than she did during their other walks home.
“You’re quite special, aren’t you?” John said when his laughter died down. Sherlock shrugged, handed the bouquet back to John and attempted to ignore the heat travelling from the spot where his fingers brushed with John’s to his face.
They decided to walk back home rather than take a cab. The way John had asked if they could walk, and was often inhaling deeply as if he was going to start talking, made Sherlock believe that his friend wanted to talk to him about something. Something important judging by the nervousness of John. Which only made Sherlock nervous, something he was quite rarely.
It was the holiday for Rosie and a few days without doing anything got her as bored as Sherlock would become whenever his life turned dull for an elongated period of time. Thus had begun the incessant complaints (to which John wouldn’t assist because he was working all day) of Rosie. It had been quite repetitive, really, and consisted mostly of different ways of saying “Papa, I’m bored, and I want you to find me something to do.” (he had occupied on of the afternoons talking with her about not confronting her father to any conversation that had the goal of setting John and Sherlock together). She had then been more precise about what she wanted and said she’d like to do experiments with him.
“Okay?” John stopped dead in his tracks, a sincere expression of surprise on his face.
“Of course,” The man chuckled.
He could feel John’s body heat and Sherlock had never felt so terrified and content at the same time.
Life was being quite unfair. It was unfair that John wasn’t there with him. It was unfair that he was left to have small talks with all these boring customers. It was unfair that his mother wouldn’t tell him why the hell John wasn’t there when she so obviously knew something – she was glancing at Sherlock and the clock from time to time and she looked too excited for it to be considered normal.
“You should come and eat lunch with Mike and me later.”
bedroom! Sherlock couldn’t get over that), his voice muffled by Sherlock’s wild hair.
John laughed and Sherlock couldn’t stop the soft smile from forming on his lips. After his laughter died down, John grabbed an arrangement composed of yellow bell-shaped flowers, mixed with tiny orange ones and a few long blades of grass. He remembered making it earlier this day and felt strangely warm at the thought of giving John Watson one of his own bouquets. How pathetic.
Sherlock swallowed and discovered yet again a new side of John. This boy was an unsolvable mystery, such an interesting person that Sherlock had never found himself bored of him. And he was sure he never would. But unlike every other time John had surprised him with a new aspect of his persona, this side of him was intimidating and Sherlock truly hoped to never see John angry with him ever again because he found
“Er, nothing,” John gulped and seemed to be debating with himself as to what he was going to say next. Sherlock waited patiently – and mostly, anxiously. “So um, you do know what they mean, right?”
“Well it could be much more useful than you think,” John handed him the file he had picked up from his nightstand, and Sherlock started reading it. “The murderer kept leaving various flowers on the corpses of their victims and I thought of how you always go on about serial killers
“No,” John said slowly. Sherlock read off John’s look something along the lines of ‘stop using that tone with me and let me and my perfect, polite and caring self, explain everything to you’. He would have said something, but John still looked quite intimidating. “But for starters, you could tell your dad or mum where you are going and for how long. Or that you don’t know if you truly don’t know how long it’s going to last.”
Uncertainty and determination.
After a lot of coughing and small panicking, Sherlock managed to finish eating normally while hoping everyone would forget about that embarrassing bit. Rosie had looked guilty and ha quickly ran to the kitchen to bring a glass of water in order to silently apologize. They finished their meal normally with no more choking or embarrassing question on Rosie’s behalf. That didn’t stop Sherlock from feeling extremely nervous.
John’s hand was shaking a little and all Sherlock could do was stare dumbly at the bouquet. He was not expecting that. Did John want him to give the flowers to someone? Or did he refuse Eurus’ offer to have them for free?
Not knowing how to explain to a little kid how in love he was with her father and how this nickname would mean he’s her parent, so in a relationship with her other parent and how he was not sure this other parent would appreciate it, he only avoided any explanation at all like she had done before. “Not sure he’d like it… Do we have a deal?”
Sometimes, John would ask him to come watch his games and Sherlock would agree and say he hated it afterwards when really, he rather enjoyed it.
John was up again, waving his arms around to empathize his words and Sherlock couldn’t describe as anything else but adorable. He wasn’t frightening anymore, he was simply kind, thoughtful and
His last thoughts before falling asleep was that he ought to thank the little Consulting Detective to-be for making his life so much better than it already was.
They arrived at 221b without seeing anyone (it
DI Lestrade visibly relaxed at Sherlock’s words. “Oh great, thank you, now come with me. I won’t be able to give you more than five minutes at the actual crime scene, but I can give you all the files and reports you need.”
“Do you want to get married? Do you plan to get married? It would be so cool because I know married people sleep in the same room and so I wouldn’t have to share with Daddy anymore. Sophia has her own room you know?”
“Obviously.”
When John’s lips started moving slowly Sherlock felt dizzy. His hands flew to John’s shoulders and he gripped the fabric of John’s shirt because no matter how irrational it was, he felt as if he might float away or faint if he didn’t have something solid to hold on to (and John was plenty solid).
Mycroft had been right all along; caring was not an advantage.
At this, John choked on nothing (maybe air or his own saliva) and Sherlock’s body went tense. Was Rosie going to tell John everything, first the nickname then the feelings, thinking it was a good idea?
But of course, Rosie was a clever kid (Sherlock sometimes regretted teaching her easy deducing methods when she has asked a couple of months ago, it only sharpened her already brilliant mind) and she wasn’t going to let this go.
She shook her head. “No. I don’t understand why I can’t call you papa like Mark does with his daddy. You take me to school like he does, you take me to the park to eat chocolate ice cream like he does, you help me with my homework like he does, you make be dinner when Daddy is coming home late, you-“
someone and would rather use this childish word instead – but he couldn’t speak if he wanted to. The words were simply not getting out.
“Really, this one is more for me than for you,” John said, gently plucking the flower crown from Sherlock’s fingers. “I remembered how you looked that first day with the flower in your hair,” John was getting closer and lowering the flowers on Sherlock’s head. “And I wanted to see it again and I am definitely not disappointed.”
Sherlock was thinking fast but his fingers were moving slowly, and he was choosing the flower in an uncharacteristic, careful manner. But after all, it wouldn’t be the first he would act out of character because of John Watson.
“Yeah,” John replied. He was still smiling but Sherlock could see he felt a little uncomfortable. And he couldn’t really blame him.
Sometimes, John would buy a bouquet for his sister and they would give stupid names to the flowers that composed it.
John started to walk away, towards the door when he turned around to look at Sherlock again. “By the way, you’ve got a ‘tiny-but-not-too-tiny purple flower’ in your hair. Looks lovely on you though.” Sherlock quickly carded his fingers in his hair and retrieved the flower before flicking it to the floor. John merely smirked at him and waved with his free hand. “See you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock agreed with Mycroft on that. It was the only thing he agreed with Mycroft on. His feelings for John were just another proof. Yet, the task to make them disappear was much harder than he expected. And Mycroft had never told him that.
“I’ll take this one. She likes warm and bright colours but would probably kill me if I showed up with a huge bouquet with a thousand types of flowers. She’d say she feels ‘overwhelmed’ but really she’d be looking for excuses to yell at me.” John chuckled and Sherlock could do nothing else but stiffly smile at him.
doesn’t want that…” He mumbled this part, sure that Rosie wouldn’t be able to hear it. But he was once again proven wrong by the smart girl.
“A turd wrapped in gold foil.”
To try to buy time, Sherlock bats his eyelashes to come across more bashful than anxious. “Mr Brook, I hope you don’t think I’m an easy man.”
“You know I’m heartless.” With the glass so thoroughly shattered, who is Sherlock trying to fool?
know when you pass the stone.”
“Still hurts when you pee?”
John doesn’t write. It’s fine. Sherlock doesn’t expect him to. People simply say such things as goodbye platitudes.
, John amends in his head – replies with a soft smile, “You too, Sherlock.”
“I really don’t.”
,” Sherlock spits derisively, and starts pacing. He steeples his hands, fingertips touching his lower lip as he mutters, still pacing, “Obvious, so obvious, why did I not see it before, I
“Spectroscopy!”
“We can go to St Mary’s, Sherlock. It’s going to be the closest urgency treatment centre anyway.”
And in the kitchen, Mrs Hudson freezes, wide-eyed.
as if praying to a higher deity.
“Nonsense, Sherlock, I’m not kicking you out of your bedroom.”
Sherlock nods stupidly. Steps aside. John steps in.
Sherlock is not bored. He has a problem to turn in his head, that of what to do about John and Mary and the baby and the threats and Magnussen. His being shot had been shoved aside in his mind as an irrelevant detail by now — let bygones be bygones, and all that. Mary will not try to shoot him again, as it is not in her best interests.
The morning after sees them driving south to a pebble beach, where rocky craters usually allow the sea water to puddle and warm under the summer sun. Not today, though – the water remains cool as the sun hides behind a stubborn cloud ceiling. With the enthusiasm only toddlers have, Rosie happily ignores the low temperature and splashes around, collecting pebbles and screeching in delight when she spots a crab or a small fish. John keeps one eye on her and another on a book, some tedious crime novel he has read before – well-thumbed pages with fingerprints and wear corresponding to the size of John’s fingers, obvious. Sherlock supposes John finds comfort in the familiarity of the story, and he won’t need to concentrate much on the frankly pathetic storyline while making sure his daughter doesn’t wander off. Besides, Sherlock cannot ruin the ending for him by deducing who the killer is from the book’s cover image since John already knows.
fragile, even if he projects this, this
Sherlock picks a dumpling, swipes it on the sweet and sour sauce, and shoves the whole thing into his mouth. The scallop dumpling is silky and unctuous against his palate, the delicate shell giving way to an explosion of spices. It pairs exquisitely with the sharp sauce. He then picks a pork rib and closes his eyes in bliss as his teeth sink into the tender texture of the meat, his tongue picking up the sweetness of the black bean sauce.
“I really don’t.”
John wonders idly if Sherlock doesn’t do anything else in his free time. Does Sherlock even
John moves to the balcony to try and breathe some of that fresh air again, away from the drunk, raucous people, away from that door, away from the oppressing weight building in his chest.
“Nonsense.”
The two men gaze at each other for a long silent moment. John feels… extraneous. Obviously, they have met before, and they have a history.
, he is still a ghost, just out of reach.
Sherlock?
“I did not think–”
, and I don’t know how to tell him how sorry I am because. Because. I don’t know!” Sally explodes, her anger no longer contained, raised voice turning some heads in their direction.
“Now what, boss?” Molly accelerates but the traffic is heavy, hampering her attempt to put distance between the vehicles.
Sherlock sighs, removes his suit jacket, tosses it carelessly over the sofa, and crosses the living-room to his music stand to pick up his beloved violin. He likes what he does. He’s always been musically inclined: he sings well enough and writes his own songs. He is a proper musical genius, unlike the meteoric one-hit-wonders that still plague the musical scene, bubblegum products of big record labels, to be chewed and spat out once the fruity flavour dissolves into rubber. Those last as long as their IQ – that is to say, not very long at all. Sherlock knows his superior intellect keeps him in business. Years ago, he created an algorithm that calculates the perfect balance of chord progression, catchy chorus, and tonality in order to write pop songs that have a probability exceeding ninety-six point three percent of success, measured by its ability to top official charts or by the number of hits on his YouTube channel.
“Best interests, yeah,” John lets out under his breath.
“You like this song?”
“You’re always complaining I don’t eat enough!”
John shakes his head. “No. I suppose not.” He rubs his face, drops his hands, and forces himself to look back at Sherlock. “You are weeding vegetables.”
“Which you enjoy.”
So much blood.
, who prompted:
John releases a shuddering breath and squeezes his eyes closed against stubborn tears.
, whose excellent story
? How did he get convinced to go through with this madness of taking Sherlock on a date? Why did he fall into temptation and make Sherlock fall into his bed?
John stares at him, puzzled. “What?”
. Sherlock, get out of there, now!” John reaches for Sherlock, grabs his arm and all but drags him out of the boat and towards the house despite Sherlock’s protests. “It doesn’t make sense. Why rig the boat? Who would use it now in the winter?”
Sherlock sees no extra bite to John’s words, just the grateful acknowledgement.
He hasn’t completely let go – there’s still the occasional contact from Lestrade, asking his opinion on this or that; a few private clients, too. All issues that can be solved by phone or e-mail. No chases, no break-ins, no snooping around.
Sherlock has never seen eyes so pretty and blue.
Mycroft Holmes is as tall as his younger brother, and shares the same intelligent, blue-eyed gaze. He is stronger built than Sherlock, but always impeccably elegant under layers of pristine shirts and tailored three-piece suits. John has rarely spoken to Mycroft in all the time he’s been working here but has come to think of him as a highly organised person, quiet and maybe a bit mysterious, almost withdrawn. He sees him every day, of course; Mycroft is Sherlock’s personal assistant, after all, and is constantly catering to his whims, smoothing his way out in the world, and soothing hurt egos when Sherlock is in one of his acidic moods.
