it had hurt. But she’d
“Tony?” Steve asks quietly, running a comforting hand through his hair. He realizes he’s gone entirely quiet, just relishing in the way he can breathe once more. The arc reactor still sits heavy against his sternum, yes-- but there is
“...You’re still hurting him, no matter what you do.” Strange replies quietly, his gaze sharp. “Hasn’t he already lost enough?”
The Hulk bellows from somewhere down the street, accompanied by the sound of his particular brand of smashing,
“I told you not to talk like that,” Steve sighs heavily as he sits across from him on the couch. Between the clear tension of his shoulders and the closed off look in his eyes, Tony’s fairly sure there’s a chasm in the upholstery between them. He tries not to dwell on it too harshly.
“I don’t think you confess your love to someone by insulting them first, Rogers,” Tony breathes out, the words light on his tongue.
“I hope he is worth dying for,” she murmurs, before the heat seems to pierce directly through his chest, into his heart. The pain sparks against every nerve, grating against his ribcage; as though there are
to me?” Her voice barely raises an octave, but the effect is still the same. Tony’s jaw snaps shut, though he still watches her with guarded eyes. He doesn’t like where this is going, and he’s not going to let her pull his defense apart like it’s nothing.
sort of way, and I find it ten different shades of attractive but I also have a
that sound. It’s the tone of someone injured in the field with no backup, it’s the sound of a situation going south so fast they barely have time to react.
for god’s sake; he can only imagine what he would do if he knew he was the only one who could save him.
long to analyze.
until he started thinking about this extensively. He can hear the steady beeps of the monitor begin to pick up in speed.
about the panic attacks-- most of them do, at this point. It’s safe to say it out loud, with him. He doesn’t have to hide it. “Feels like-- anxiety. You know? I just want to be sure she didn’t
“I’m not trying to poison you, you know,” Stephen comments as he pulls floating books from the shelves with a simple wave of his hand. “You could at least
had been a blowout fight, even if Tony knew that Steve was right to keep him grounded.) The Mark VII stands in the Hall of Armor, encased beside all its predecessors. He knows it’s dangerous to keep them all together, much less operational-- but he knows that Jarvis will keep them safe. The Avengers-- his
“It means I think I may know what she did to you, but I need to be sure for myself.” He steps forward, palm outstretched above Tony’s heart. “I’m going to need to touch you. Is that alright?”
“If you weren’t such a
Steve hasn’t come to see him in two days.
Tony’s starting to think he had a point, if the
Her gaze falls to the arc reactor, and his blood runs cold in his veins.
he considers he’s being a bit dramatic, but continues anyway. “...But he never told me about
“Everything’s just coming up daisies, isn’t it?” Tony says, a ghost of a smile on his face, “So give it to me straight, Doc; how much time do I have left?”
“Really, Barton? You have a favorite
“Hawkeye, light them up!” Steve bites out, hissing in pain as he takes a hit. The creatures are closing in on him, surrounding on all sides to pin them between the trunks. Natasha’s getting cornered alongside him, and it’s only her agility that’s keeping her from being taken down, moving entirely on the defensive. Tony can’t fire on the creatures with Steve and Nat so close, but he can at least draw the attention of the vines-- and Arna, in turn-- while Clint gets the fires started.
“Maybe it was because of the stories my old man told me, I don’t know. Which is uh-- not what I wanted to bring up either, but. The point is that he always told me about
damage him, it would have affected him by now, right? The arc reactor was clearly still functioning, if his heart rate was normal. Or at least, it
“Aw, Brucie bear, don’t be like that,” he grins, “besides-- you’ve already got your own beefy blonde to hit on. You don’t have to pull poor Steve into this.”
don’t say it--”
You talk my bots like they’re
The hold on his lungs is released in an instant, gasping for air as though he’d been submerged. The roots shrink and withdraw further into his chest, until-- until he can’t feel them at all. Until the taste of the flower petals is gone from his mouth. Until all he can feel is the pounding of his own heart, and the heat of Steve against him.
Jarvis alerts him,
mean?”
their twisted root bodies. He’ll stay in the air where he belongs, thank you very much.
“I already told you, it doesn’t
it’s you, Steve. It’s only ever-- it’s only ever
The first time he chokes up flower petals, it’s after a long day with Steve at the museum. Tony’s never been particularly fond of art exhibits, but-- he’s made an exception for Steve, every single time. (Pepper doesn’t seem to appreciate that in the slightest, but he’s also pretty sure she
Once Pepper had gone, Tony and Rhodey checked the market to visit papa Rhodes. They needed to make sure that the man had not left yet. When the man came into view he looked at them alarmed but Tony and Rhodey were a stubborn pair. They give him his reassurance but he did not really believe them. Seeing Papa Rhodes in the state that he was broke Tony's heart.
“Just...I need you guys to just not,” Steve sighed before continuing, “Tony is going to misunderstand and he is already beginning to trust us so can you lot stray away from the teasing. I like Tony, yes, but you have to lay off.”
Tony thought, too scared to speak those words aloud. Scared that if he spoke them, somehow the spell he was in would be broken and this dream would be over before he could finish having his fill. Instead, Tony croaked, “again. Say it again.”
He looked at himself in the mirror that hung from the wall in front of him. There stood a man. Tall, well built and blonde, the same as his father. But his eyes belonged to his mother, the same shade blue like they were cut from the sky itself. He always starred at himself and thought only of how beautiful he looked. How strong he was. But at this moment he looked at himself with disgust. He saw a weak man who gave into temptations. Who just cared for himself when he claimed he cared for another. His lover had told him he loved him. Had asked him to be faithful to him. To not lay with another until they parted. He had agreed. And now being caught in the very act he vowed to the man…to the man that he loved…made him fill in rage at himself. How foolish he was for letting such a kind soul down. How selfish for breaking the innocence of such a naïve man. How sickening for stepping all over the man’s heart.
“So what’s the
you’re so stubborn, I feel like I’m talking to a brick wall sometimes. You’re reckless, but not in an outright stupid kind of way, more of a
he hates magic.
“You know,” Tony mumbles, “we’ve really gotta stop meeting like this, Cap.” Steve’s frown transforms into a weary smile in an instant, a look of fond exasperation in his eyes. Tony’s rather used to it at this point, but it still manages to draw a tired grin out of him.
he can hear just a hint of amusement in his voice. “Hawkeye, what’s your status?”
“I… don’t, actually,”  Steve replies with a fondly exasperated grin.
“I don’t believe you,” Tony says, “not because I don’t
“--and you yell at baseball games! You took it as a personal affront that the Dodgers moved to LA, and I shouldn’t find something like that
“Well, that sounds about right.” Strange doesn’t seem pleased by this revelation, which certainly doesn’t sit well with Tony.
“If Strange is wrong about Arna, then Steve’s going to make sure we have all of our bases covered. If there’s any chance that she’s a mutant, or if the X-Men have encountered magic like hers before, he wants to know.” She sighs quietly, running a hand through her hair. “I guess we really don’t have a lot of other options at this point.”
“Your parameters have been quite clear, Sir. I will do everything within my power to care for, protect, and guide the Avengers in your absence. Even if they do not choose to remain within the tower, they will have a home here, waiting.” Then, softer. “...I will be waiting. I will not let them, or you, down.”
let’s stop while we’re ahead here,” Tony grinds out, “No, it’s not Rhodey. I gave him advice to help get him with
Tony’s HUD lights up as soon as Clint’s in a freefall, trajectories and warnings flashing across his vision. Considering how many hours they’ve spent training for this-- and how often Tony’s teammates enjoy jumping off buildings-- catching Clint is probably the easiest thing he’ll do today. It’s a harder catch than he’s sure the archer would prefer, but he doesn’t really have room to bitch about it.
But I’m going to do everything in my power to make sure he
to the rest of us, to
that she’d told him, before pressing a glowing hand to his chest and sparking pain along every nerve in his body.
The roots release him, and he gasps for air as tears gather in his eyes. He crushes the petals in his hand-- crimson red, bright yellow, soft purple-- before dropping them to the table, to the floor below. He swallows down the ones that are left in his mouth, grimacing as he does so.
She watches him with clear eyes, studying him in a way that makes his skin itch. At this point, it doesn’t matter if Natasha sees his pain or not-- she just saw him collapse, after all. But he has a feeling that’s not why she’s looking at him like that.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” are the first words to come stumbling out of Steve’s mouth. He grimaces at it, as though it’s not the statement he wanted to lead with. Tony’s fairly sure he reacts the same way.
“Gallows humor, of course,” Strange mutters, though he doesn’t seem inclined to play along. “I would give you a few months at most, if it continues growing at its current rate. Though from what I read, it is common for the growth rate to increase when in close proximity to the… individual you have feelings for.”
“Don’t put words in my mouth,” Steve grinds out between clenched teeth, “I don’t want to
“I’ve died enough times, Strange,” Tony shoots back, “it doesn’t have a tendency to stick.” He doesn’t bother to face Strange again as the portal closes behind him with a snap.
idea.”
“During the war, sure,” Steve replies, “didn’t have much time for sightseeing, though. Just got a glance at it. I don’t really think we have the kind of vacation time for that, though.”
If Strange can’t fix it, then what can they do?
he falls in love, and this is what he gets.
He pretends he can’t see the worried looks Steve keeps giving him. He pretends that it doesn’t hurt to
“I’m serious,” he continues to bluff, “fit as a fiddle. I could probably run a marathon if I wanted. Not that I do, but I could--”
made “iron” your safeword?”
Hulk, start pushing towards us, if you can. Hawkeye, keep your eyes on him, and start burning on my signal. Iron Man, you’re with Widow and I. You’re the only one who can get close enough to her at the moment.” They all voice their understanding as he exhales sharply. “God, we could really use Thor right about now.”
“So you know what it is, then,” Tony replies evenly, trying to wrap his head around the concept of being
moving from piece to piece, admiring and pointing out any detail he sees fit to share with Tony. Tony doesn’t understand most of it, granted, but Steve’s passion still bleeds through, and it leaves a kindled warmth in his belly that he isn’t sure what to do with.
Either way, he still feels exposed; his impending death is a live wire, as obvious as the glow of the arc reactor in his chest. He was an idiot, he realizes, to ever think he could hide it from the others. But he'll be damned if he doesn't take the cure to his grave.
“Pot calling kettle,” Tony muses, “Jarvis, what’s the fastest way I can get these two out of here?” The HUD lights up in answer, the necessary weaponry enabled just as quickly. If he can keep their focus on him, and cause enough chaos to keep them scattered-- Steve and Nat can make it out safe. The two break for their escape, and Tony rockets up to draw Arna’s attention once more.
have to do with the spell? How would she even
Strange!”
Tony. You saved me, but that’s not the only reason why I love you; I want to save
to believe you, but I already had concerns of my own. If Natasha was seeing the same thing-- I couldn’t take that risk.”
a self-centered prick.” Stephen rolls his eyes so hard Tony’s fairly sure they nearly roll right out of his head.
He pretends, and he pretends, and he pretends.
“Oh, which doctor was it this time? Please tell me it was--”
“That still doesn’t explain what this is, Strange. What does me being in-- in
don’t tell me you believe that shit too,” he doesn’t recognize the venom in his own voice, hackles raised as soon as Natasha’s name is spoken.
“But if you didn’t-- if you didn’t tell him, how do you already know?” Steve continues to question. Certainly not for the first time, Tony wonders if it is humanly possible to be more stubborn than Steve Rogers. He hates that it’s one of the things he loves most about him.
“What reason would I have for lying, Natasha? You remember the part where I’m
word for word, I just need a basic outline. What was she doing to you, exactly? What was the
the one that said true love’s kiss, Stark. I can’t be held responsible for the ideas you put in my head.”
It takes a moment for Steve to catch up, looking over him in concern before the realization hits. The hopeful, glowing smile he gives him makes his heart beat out the staccato of a hummingbird’s wings.
." He emphasized, running his hands up under Tony's shirt and along the man's chest.
He scooted back, hooking Steve's belt loops as he went to tug his jeans off. Tony quickly rid himself of the rest of his clothes, taking a second to mouth at Steve's briefs before tugging them off.
"What? No, no you didn't," Tony replied, slightly shocked, "I just have nightmares sometimes. That's all." He coughed and sniffled, trying to get his headache to go away.
"Dad saw the tat, thought my soulmate was a prostitute, kicked me out, called me a faggot, and yet I got off with the inheritance somehow,” He shrugged again, putting his legs in Steve's lap.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at Tony, a smirk on his lips. "Muscular beings get cold too, ding dong. But at least you told me something, so that’s good." He hummed, eyes closing again. "Going with you will be fun. Can't wait."
"Hello? -- Bucky? What's wrong?"
"We'll be back tomorrow. Get plenty of rest." Steve told Sharon before they got ready to leave. "And... Thank you. Thank you so much for him. He's perfect." He whispered thankfully.
"A little bit." Steve said softly, petting Peter's hair. "We were talking about what a smart boy you are and how much we love you. Then we started to say that we can't wait to be able to have two sweet kids running around." He smiled sweetly.
Tony led Steve out of the room quietly, turning the light off and closing the door behind them.
"What happened?" He asked softly, brushing Peter's wet bangs aside.
"I'm still sorry, Tony." The blond hummed, running his hand along Tony's thigh comfortingly.
“M'plenty big," Peter grumbled, reaching for the star cutter, "M'just a lil short. Like Daddy."
"We okay?" He whispered.
“Pair Cap’s Super Soldier senses with a wolf’s? His senses are insanely heightened.” The billionaire pointed out “He could tell exactly what Bruce was bringing to breakfast and that it was Bruce bringing it here almost a minute out distance-wise. And through the chamber, no less! Its really fascinating, honestly.”
"Noooo! It’s too much! Imma turn into a monster, toooo!!!" Peter wailed dramatically, falling quiet and pretending to be dead. A moment later, he jolted back 'alive' with a monster roar, smooching the men back on their cheeks.
Steve turned to capture Tony's lips into a deep kiss, speeding up the rest of his movements slightly.
"Mhm. Of course, sweetheart."
"I know, and I've gotten better at asking people for help," Tony replied quietly, "But I grew up being... Quite brainwashed into the idea of not asking for help. So I've learned to cope. On my own."
Sammy whined in his baby carrier, reaching up at Steve.
They would both joke around, and have a warm drink inside at the cafe when it rained (Spring is such a rainy season no matter where you go). Occasionally Tony persistently bugged Steve to let him see the first finished part of the project, which Steve kept hidden from him as equally as persistent. Steve knew better than to keep it in his dorm, where it would be in plain sight.
Steve nodded, flushing at the pet name as he began to strip down his lower half. He stepped out of his pants and undergarments as instructed, a slight chill running up his bare legs from the air hitting them. He glanced down at himself and his flush grew, seeing what it was that Tony was talking about prior.
"Yeah. All his energy got taken out on the swings," Tony laughed softly, tucking Peter closer to his chest, "We should probably get them home, it's about Sammy's naptime anyway, yeah?"
"Kay, Papa," Peter replied softly, hugging Tony's leg.
"I gotcha, baby. I gotcha." He grunted, giving a slow thrust up and lightly pushing Tony's hips down as he started up a slow rhythm.
Steve's face grew hot with a blush. Tony loved that Steve still had that reaction after being with him for five years already.
"Ya promise ya won't get rid of me?" He asked softly.
He scooped the boy up in the towel, taking him out to his bedroom to get him new day clothes.
"Sir yes
"I was just amazed. Amazed you had stood up like that for me." Steve said thankfully, petting at Tony's hair. "I like my job as your PA and stay at home husband better. I don't have angry Germans trying to put me down."
"Pygmy goat?" Steve asked a bit confused, shaking his head to brush the thought away for now.
"I'll be out in a minute," he sing-songed, slipping on stilettos and the red collar, tying a bathrobe around himself.
Steve hummed, relaxing at the touch. "Mmm...you're going make me fall asleep. Long day, comfy bed, handsome sight in front of me... I'm all set." He chuckled back.
"We'll talk with him later, when it’s just us," Tony murmured gently, running his fingers through Steve's hair, "I think he embarrassed himself too much."
"How is this place so out in the open and not get in trouble?" He asked to himself.
Peter giggled and nodded, still tucked into Steve's chest.
"Nice of you to join us, Cookie Monster." Clint snorted.
"Yeah baby, it's your big boy room. Papa and I thought the other one was getting a little small for you," Tony laughed, stepping into the room so the others could look.
Tony eased up and winced as his elbows cracked, standing on creaky knees.
They pulled into the garage carefully, Steve turning off the car with a grin towards Tony.
"I know babe, I like seeing you squirm," Tony hummed, easily slipping in a finger, "You're so gorgeous like this."
He pulled back to smack Steve up and down his thighs, twisting the plug in as far as it could go.
"She's in op right now," The nurse explained, more to Tony and Steve, "One of her fallopians collapsed early this morning, and CAT scans after that surgery revealed the growth in her left lobe to be moving down towards her brain stem--"
and-- that's what I needed."
"You are very welcome." Steve grinned back at him. "You are a very good boy, mostly, and very sweet. The tantrum last night was a little naughty though, but all kids get a bit upset.”
, Steve thought, coming to sit on Tony's lap. He was not used to this.
bed for the first time in
Tony stumbled upon a gated part of the beach he honestly never saw before, a sign posted on the gate in red letters:
" he whispered again, refusing to leave Tony's hold.
"I love you, too. I'm very proud of you." Steve whispered back, returning the hug and petting softly at Tony's hair. "So very proud of you. You do so good, baby."
"To Steve, From Bruce," He read aloud, "Rated R."
"C'mon baby, I can feel you there," Tony moaned, reaching down between them to pump Steve, "C'mon, fuck--"
Tony pushed himself away from his work, grabbing his phone and staggering to the steps, tromping up from the basement to the kitchen to get a drink. He carried his large glass of ice water up to his bed, smiling tiredly at the blond awake in bed.
Tony quickly tugged his panties off and slicked up his pulsing cock, moaning as he removed his fingers and pushed into Steve. Steve made a moan in length with Tony's push, gasping softly when he stopped to let Steve adjust.
"What I
“Nooo!" Peter cried, toddling over to clutch at Steve's pant leg.
"Not anything we are going to discuss at the moment, anyway." Steve said carefully, holding up the pen and paper to write. "Either way, this list is meant to show him that he means much more than he gets to thinking he is. So we need other inputs other than mine, although I could definitely fill quite a few pages."
Tony sighed exasperated and turned around to face Bruce again.
The team was quiet, most of them looking in disbelief except for Bucky, who still had careful eyes on Steve in the chamber.
Tony blushed faintly from the mattress, chest heaving slightly with anxiousness.
"You're a real merman... I was rescued by a merman. Something that shouldn't exist." He croaked out. "I definitely swallowed too much saltwater. I'm hallucinating."
The blond looked over from where he had been playing almost a game of fetch with Dummy, eyebrow raised.
They sat like that for a little while, just nestled up against each other before the brunet noticed the former merman's eyes start to droop with exhaust.
Looking around at the place, Steve was right. There were little things here or there, but other than that it looked like it had when the tower had been completed in its remodel.
, and how
She flipped to a page and looked up.
"Merman. He is clearly male." Tony corrected, pulling up a screen with video from his face plate. It was from when Steve had it in his grotto, the merman swimming around his collection happily. "This is him before, by the way.
kind of suction, Tony." Steve said, keeping in a laugh.
"Mhmmm. I like pets," Tony murmured, feeling himself sink at the affection, "Feels good..."
your husband?"
Peter tilted his head back so Steve could scrub, leaning into his touch.
"Probably should’a used the safe word, couldn't get it out fast enough," he laughed, leaning back, "Sorry, love."
to say is we have our house set up, but we can't decide if we want to adopt a kid that's already two or three, or have one of our own. Is it okay if the boys come over for a playdate? We wanted to see which age group we handled best."
"Why don't you let me know what is and isn't allowed then, baby--?" Steve hummed, slowly slipping a finger in.
He grinned softly right after. "We are going to definitely need it sometimes when we have the baby."
"Now you're just asking for it." Tony smacked the paddle against his backside, smoothing a hand over the skin, "Keep making your punishment worse, Steve, and I might get out the belt for you."
"The park?" Steve asked curiously. "Actually the park sounds like a good idea. Haven't been out because of weather and it’s supposed to be nice today." He explained, turning to Tony. "Does the park sound good to you?"
"Ow," he grinned, pulling the steel trap off and putting it aside, "Much better."
"I've always wondered if those things taste any good," he admitted.
Steve giggled sleepily, looking up at Tony.
"He's so affectionate," Tony laughed, gently rocking Sammy in his arms, "Just like his Papa."
He plucked one of the boxes of bandaids from Peter's hand, giving him a curious look.
"You get everything fixed up?" He asked in a sweet whisper, snuggling closer to Tony best he could with Peter on his chest.
"We'll have to dust some, but yeah. Just food. I'll dig out my cookbook, and you can try your hand at Mama's chicken cacciatore. It's my childhood favorite." Tony hummed happily into Steve's touch, preening under the care.
"It started when I was young," he began, ignoring the lump in his throat, "Four or five years old. Actually it began way back, but I really remember it at that age. Howard never wanted to have kids, and when Mama had me, he didn't try to form a bond with me, or
"Eager," Tony pointed out, snorting a laugh, "
Steve came in about a minute later, carrying a tray of warm food into the room with him.
"Dunno. Just feelin' it," Tony murmured, only half paying attention to the thriller playing in front of them, "Mood struck, I guess."
"You mean like, actually raise one from a newborn?" He said softly. "Going through the whole process; Bottle feeding, potty training, everything?" He asked almost unbelieving.
"The one time we try to get away, and I'm a disaster," Tony whispered, voice crumpling, "I'm sorry."
"Probably. But it doesn't matter, I'm riding my high still," Tony murmured, happily letting his eyes shut as he snuggled Steve.
"Hmm..." Steve hummed thoughtfully, leaning into the touch happily. "You always so touch craving. I love it." He grinned playfully, trailing fingers along Tony's sides.
"I'll be able to tell you some of my would-be additions later," he hummed sweetly, lacing their fingers together carefully.
Steve looked at himself over once more in the mirror carefully, turning quickly when he thought he heard shuffling in the bedroom.
"Sammy's bald?" Peter said with a gasp as he came back into the room. "What happened to 'is hairs???"
"He missed his daddy." Steve grinned, handing Peter a muffin and donut as the boy sat on his lap. "He missed his friend he can blow kisses to."
He smirked, taking two of the flutes to pour the sparkling juice, one for Peter and one for himself.
“Sounds great. Thank you, Bruce.” Steve answered, sitting himself up with a grunt so he take a plate and begin to eat. He was so hungry that he nearly inhaled all of his breakfast before Tony had even started his first plate. When he noticed, Steve cleared his throat sheepishly, a slight flush creeping onto his face.
"You're such a cheesball, Stark-Rogers," Tony muttered affectionately, scratching at Steve's scalp, "I love every moment with you, baby." A tiny smile wormed its way onto his face, leaving a light blush in its wake.
"You two are absolutely adorable," Tony murmured, pulling up his sweats before climbing in on the other side of Peter, letting the boy tuck up to his chest.
"He will be. He's out like a light though. Wore himself out." Steve said softly, reaching to pet at Tony's hair. "And you are not too old. You're twenty two. That is not old, love. You are in your prime."
"Yeah." Steve hummed, rubbing small circles into Tony's back. "And the time will come sooner than we'll know it."
Tony bobbed his head in acknowledgement, going to sit at the island and watch Steve.
"I will. Say goodnight to Daddy, Peter." Steve hummed.
"Oh, God yes--" Steve cried out, adjusting to feel Tony deeper as he moved.
"Funny lines? What funny lines you talking about, Petey?"
Sammy just looked back confused at his Daddy, noising gently and making grabby hands at Tony's hand again.
Tony bit his lip, putting a hand on Steve's knee before backing up slightly, unbuttoning the muscle shirt and letting it slip onto the floor. He watched Steve carefully, knowing he couldn't miss the nipple rings. "Well?"
"I mean, not for more than an hour or two," Tony replied carefully, "Sammy's only five months, and I don't mean to be a hen, but I do want him back as soon as possible. However, we haven't had 'us' time, really, since Sammy was born, so...."
"Or go up to a bed, like normal people," Tony mused, raising an eyebrow, "That and I'm concerned for any glass and stuff that might be on the floor."
had been the first to fall right in love with the boy.
"Sounds good," Peter murmured, already half asleep, "Are we gonna see deh sharks?"
"Oh god," Tony and Peter said, the former more happy about it.
want?"
"Yes dear, you're Iron Man. And the suit can be exactly what you just said, but 'Iron Man' is a catchier name." He explained.
"Hmm... I don't want ya sick again..." He sighed, leaning into the touch. "Don't want you sick. Just don't like not getting to be close to you like normal."
"Tony, don't do that. Why are you feeling so disappointed?" Steve asked gently, leaning up in the bed and rubbing gently at Tony's back.  "Or more accurately, why do you feel you've been disappointing?"
"Tony, I-- Peter, I'm gonna go talk with Daddy in private for a few minutes, okay?" Steve said carefully, waiting until he heard Peter's okay and leading Tony into the living room with him.
"You're always good t'me, baby, so good." Tony pulled back to undo the buttons on Steve's shirt, helping him take it off before dropping it on the floor, followed by his own shirt.
"I'm going to assume that if Clint knows about it, it probably is something from childhood. Which would be better not to talk about until later." Steve agreed, reaching to run fingers through Tony's hair soothingly.
"I love you." Steve said gently as they settled, kissing Tony's cheek. "I love you more than I could ever tell you. Just so you know." He chuckled softly. "I can't imagine myself with anyone else."
"If it means I get to be with you and do things like this with you,then I would love to 'date' you, Tony." He said with a small mewl from the small bit of friction from their hips.
He reached over into their nightstand to pull out a bottle of lube, quickly pouring it over his fingers and warming it up. Steve gave a quiet whine at the loss of Tony's hand working him, hips almost tilting up to follow the man's hand.
"Tony, You are the closest friend I have made in a REALLY long time, and I would like to see wherever 'this' could go. I'm willing if you're willing.".
clothes," Tony laughed hysterically, crouching down to take Peter out of the clothes, "You got the wrong pile, sweetheart."
"Mmm, sounds perfect. You think he'll love it?" Steve asked quietly after the kiss. "You don't think he'd be mad switching to a new room, do you?"
"Your blush is so prominent on your skin, though. Like a porcelain doll," Tony murmured, "Your freckles are cute. Hell, you're just cute in general. Case closed."
"I wouldn't quite say 'startled'." Steve said nervously, rubbing his neck. "And you were moving around a lot. I sent a few letters at the beginning, but never got replies so I assumed you didn't get any of them." He said sheepishly.
"Only by a few years," Tony teased, crawling up onto the bed to lay down, "C'mere."
Tony steadied his hands on either side of Steve's chest, slowly thrusting into him. He panted softly, ducking his head to kiss at Steve's jawline.
Steve just sort of made a confused 'uuuh' noise as he thought. He had never had a haircut like this before, so he honestly had no idea. He breathed a sigh of relief when Tony chimed in with some pictures on his cell phone.
Tony moaned loudly, scratching at Steve's back. Steve gasped out at the nails down his back, shaking his head softly.
"I'd be fine with a nap. As long as we still get our Date Night." Steve purred, curling into Tony and leaving a smooch against the other's collarbone.
"I can tell why Pepper would've been mad." Steve said with a weak chuckle, moving Tony's hand to his cheek and nuzzling it gently.
As the three played through the games, it was evident where each of their "strengths" lie. When they had played Soul Calibur, Tekken, or basically any game that required fast button combinations, Tony won by a landslide. Steve was dubbed "The Mini-Game King" due to his absolute conquering of all of them in Mario Party. Bruce was surprisingly good at the war-based games. Steve and Tony always had a hard time finding him, and Bruce would always end up catching them as he passed through like a ghost. They never saw him coming and they never saw where he went afterwards.
"He's kind-hearted and compassionate, underneath all that rough exterior," Bruce added, "He's a person to count on."
"Dunno how you do that, but y'make me feel like you were just handing me my mail all those years ago," he mumbled.
"Do I, now?" He said softly, grabbing gently at Tony's hand and bringing them towards the bed. "Care to show me just what all that is,
Steve noised at the attention, wriggling slightly under his husband. He felt the tip of Tony's tongue flick over the nub, feeling the light suction. Steve snaked his arms up, slipping his hands under the waistband in the back of Tony's pants, stroking softly.
"Water it is." Steve said in amusement, setting one of his hands further up the table and hoping Tony'd play along. "And we should get some of their breadsticks too. They're
"Come in, Anthony Edward.".
Steve's cheeks were flushed as he looked back at the other, lightly biting at his bottom lip as he nodded up to Tony.
Tony kissed Steve's spine, gently prepping him before sliding the vibrator in, making sure to nudge his sweet spot.
"Well, I can't help that you have a great ass." Steve explained, shivering as cool air hit him below. His hips moved up a bit in a twitch of want, Tony always knowing how to push his buttons.
Tony whined softly, preening under the attention.
The man entered the apartment, setting down the bag on the couch and going to carry the large box inside.
In the bassinet, Sammy gurgled softly, reaching up to bat at Bucky's metal fingers.
"These are anal beads," Tony replied, proud that he could keep a deadpan face, "They're-- fuck, Steve. I had a string at college, and they were so fucking amazing. I lost 'em in the move though..."
He grinned and gave Steve one last smooch before jerking him off more roughly, leaning to nip at his neck.
He grinned, happily following Steve down to the garage.
"Talk to you later." Steve ended before hanging up the phone and bounding up the stairs. "Tony, Tony! We gotta talk about something!"
He held his hand up to help Steve down, quickly going over to open the door to their flat for him.
"They on their way?" He asked curiously, keeping Tony pressed to him. "Don't we need to go over to let them in and help them load things?"
"Lemme know when you's talks about things I can talks about," he frowned, slipping off his booster seat.
Tony laughed, pressing a kiss to Peter's temple.
"'m sorry... 'm sorry..." He chanted, nuzzling into the outside of one of Tony's thighs
Tony took a breath and relaxed, moaning loudly as he came down Steve's throat; he shook slightly, toes curling as he started to swim in the high.
Slightly hesitant, the merman made his way inside, trying to ignore the warlocks, um, 'decor choices' in many skulls embedded in the walls. When he made it inside, he was greeted by a dark figure, the figure's face a vibrant red contrast to the rest of his body.
"I will kiss Bucky on the lips," Tony hid his smirk in his pillow, scooting slightly away from Steve, "Or you cannot be mean to me. One or the other."
"There is so much space, I'm not even sure what we would do with it all yet." He enthused.
"Of course." The blond replied deadpanned, heading towards the kitchen.
Sammy blinked and gurgled in reply, chewing on his fingers before looking over at Steve.
"But you are different from that. You are an actual friend." The brunet admitted softly, clearing his throat before throwing an arm around Steve's shoulders and leading them out of the workshop.
Steve smiled happily at that, smooching Peter's temple. "I think he forgives you, Petey." He whispered. "I don't think he's one to hold a grudge."
"Oh, okay. That wasn't too smart. It popped my back." He chuckled, setting Bucky down to make up the bed with a red and blue sheet set.
"I know. And I see nothing wrong with that." Steve said happily, eyeing Tony's stomach as an idea came to his mind. He moved his face down lower on Tony's torso, stopping just before blowing a raspberry onto Tony's stomach.
Tony flipped over to sneeze into the bed, groaning loudly.
"Sorry! Let me just clear a spot here...".
"Just a few signatures and he's all ours." Steve said with a fond smile. He leaned over to smooch Peter's cheek, then moving to Tony's as he held them close and watched the baby.
Tony lifted his hand in a 'see?' recognition.
Steve pulled his mouth away from the slight marks now along Tony's neck, a small smile on his lips.
He reached to cup Tony's face, bringing him into a loving kiss. Tony returned the kiss, noisily smooching him.
"Aye-Aye Captain.".
Tony traced shapes on Steve's chest, smiling softly up at him.
Steve chuckled lightly, smirking back all the same. His hands trailed down to rest at Tony's hips.
"M'gettin' dere," Peter waved him off and pulled on new undies and khakis, struggling to reach his dino tshirt on the hanger.
Steve obeyed, slipping out of his pants and his boxers and kicking them to the side and reaching at Tony's pants button.
He rubbed Tony's back comfortingly. "We'll get you taking care of. Some juice, something warm to eat, and some cold medicine."
"What am I doing so wrong?" He asked quietly. "I try to give both boys attention, and somehow still get an angry one."
"That's still keeping it from me. You should have told me as soon as you got home," Tony replied, shifting Steve on his lap, "That was very disrespectful of you, Stevie."
'Not quite.' Steve explained, wriggling further under the blanket as he was settled on the couch. 'I was wondering though if you could help me try and cook something?' he asked with a slight, bashful tone. 'Tony's done so much for me and been so accommodating that I want to try and cook something to show my appreciation.'
"It depends on who's asking." Steve stated carefully. He didn't know if she was press or not. That was the last thing needed right now.
good…" Steve leaned in with kiss, soft and praising.
"Diverge," Tony drawled, mouthing at his pipe, "Once again, you give me all the easy words, Doctor. I need something complex if I want to get anywhere in my train of thought."
"I won't apologize, Sir, you really are fine to look at," Tony murmured, "I can't help but imagine what it's like to ride you, Sir. You're
"I can't keep doing this, human. They'll have my gills if they knew I was her with ya." Steve panted lightly, eyes locking on the gorgeous blue light once more. Something shook him out of his gaze however before too long, sending a startled shiver down his spine.
"He takes his Christmas shows very seriously." Steve whispered back with a grin, getting shushed by Peter as well.
"Yessir," Tony groaned, trying to push back onto Steve's finger.
Tony quietly opened the door before heading over to scoop up the fussy baby, smooching his forehead.
"That is just my opinion however. I will leave you to make your own, Tony.".
"God, I love you," Tony breathed, gently stroking at the hairs at the nape of Steve's neck, "More than anything. You're
"Hey. Everyone messes up, kiddo, I know I still do," Tony chuckled softly, starting to wash Peter's hair, "It’s part of growing up. Making mistakes helps us learn."
knows the children turns out
"Right after--when Nat, Pep and I stayed the night. Why
Tony bit his lip and nodded.
"JARVIS, turn it off." Steve sighed, wrapping arms around Peter. "Bubba, it’s okay. It’s just a movie. It’s okay. Shhh..."
Tony held back a laugh, snapping a picture of Steve's face before going back to his work.
Tony gave it a second before pushing in the second bulb, greedily watching Steve's ass close around it. "You're gorgeous, babe."
"Thank you, baby bear," Tony hummed, smooching the boy's cheek before moving to set the table, "You were really good today, Pete. I think you've earned an extra cookie tonight, don't you?"
"What's wrong, kiddo?" He asked softly.
He was cut off by Steve shaking his head, pulling the brunet into a tight hug and burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck.
"Ha-ha. Funny," Tony snorted, rolling his eyes, "You get to handle that one."
The boy let out a soft hum, nuzzling into Tony's lap comfortably. "Daddy," he said contently.
"We'll draw a cat like Garfield." He decided. "Now when drawing at the beginning, we try to see things as shapes and piece them together."
Tony cracked an eye open at the clock, surprised to see that he'd slept for five hours.
Tony frowned and shook his head, letting Steve go over to him. He scooted up onto the other kitchen stool to watch it unfold.
"Well, I won't leaving you wanting. Not after what you pulled off last night." The blond smiled, moving down to mouth at the tip enthusiastically.
"Tony, I need to speak with you about your current progress in my class." Steve said almost sternly, sauntering into the room dressed in suit pants, dress shirt. A pair of glasses framed on in and a ruler in his hands.
The baby babbled and carefully rolled himself onto his stomach, pushing himself up before falling over against Tony, frowning.
He sadly watched Steve open the door, not knowing how thin and pale he looked under the fluorescent lights of the workshop.
"As Riley and I were walking back home from work, we noticed something lying in the alley beside our apartment." He continued, trying to keep his voice from breaking. "We...investigated the presence to find that it was Wade, lifeless and body sliced open..."
"Oh my god, kid, just don’t suck my blood, got it?" Tony warned, letting Sammy chew on his finger again.
"Yeah."
"Mornin'," Tony murmured, "Y'always smell good in the morning." He sighed happily, snuggling into his warmth. "Whaddya wanna do today?"
"Hmm...we can go later, if you're up for it, then." Steve stated with a nod, laying them back further on the couch.
"So, he's like your phone's equivalent of SIRI?".
"You're such a cheesball," Tony snorted, tossing Steve one of the packets of sheets, "Put these on the bed while I put the others away, and we can get into pajamas and sleep our first night together in
"We can unpack that suitcase first," Tony laughed, smooching Steve's cheek, "What do you want to do first, babe?" He rolled his eyes fondly, shoving his and Steve's clothing suitcases in the closet before going over to the sleek case, carefully unzipping it to prop it open. "No looking," Tony teased, eyes roaming over his treasures.
"Awe, no fair," the boy complained.
"I love you." He said as they waited, kissing Tony's cheek before they heard the door click open.
Peter snored quietly against Steve's chest, writhing slightly as bits and pieces of the Terminator plagued his dreams; he whimpered quietly in his sleep, face tightening as Arnold held his gun up to Ariel--
." Steve insisted, face still red. "I told him that the yelling was just us expressing our love. And he said it was stupid and wants us to express quieter."
He placed the ball in Steve's mouth, being careful to not pull his hair while he tied it around his head.
"And we keep swaying just like this for a bit. No problem, yeah?".
"Well, I re-heated it. I get hungry too, silly," Tony laughed, kissing Steve's cheek, "Mmm, you don't feel as warm to me, babe. After dinner we'll get you showered and we can settle for a movie."
Bucky looked down at the boy softly, settling him on his lap.
"Hey, hey, stockings," Tony laughed, easing himself down into his recliner, "Go ahead, Petey. Yours is in your dinosaur one."
It didn't take much for Sammy to quiet down, quickly falling asleep in Steve's arms.
"Nevamind! It wuz in my ham'ock!" He announced, plopping down to put on his other shoe.
"That’s mean, Tony. Rather mean indeed." He harrumphed. "Don't leave me like this, pleeeease."
“Honey. If you really don't want to, we don't have to," Tony reminded him gently, collecting the baby's toys before giving Steve's arm a squeeze, "Believe me, I don't, but Pete needs to be able to see his aunts and uncles, and Sammy does too, and we need our own time without worrying. And if anything happens, we're a block and a half away."
a good father. A
"Then take me with you. I want to see what it has that Bruce doesn't." He explained, smooching the bridge of Tony's nose. "And maybe you could explain what certain things are for me."
"Good to know it’s all mine. And my 'cuteness' is only reserved for you." Steve hummed contently. "Only you are allowed to call me as such." He clarified, leaning into Tony's touch. "I love you."
He snaked his hands up into Steve's hair, gently tugging on it to get him to hurry up.
"The whole reason my dad wanted to talk to me was because of rumors that you and I were a 'thing'. I told him the whole conversation could have been avoided, that even though I liked you I was pretty confident you were straight and narrow.".
"You figure your way around in life, Rogers, and I've given you the time of day
Steve looked at the exchange, a bit confused on what was wrong. "What's the matter? I think it’s really neat. Peter likes it, too." He explained.
"I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, you look
"You didn't speak," Tony muttered, "You didn't say live penguins. Did I miss you saying live penguins?"
Tony stopped and looked back at Bruce.
"I'm always good to people I love," Tony murmured, stroking Steve's hair.
The merman smiled back carefully, looking 'Tony' in the eyes.
"There, Stevie, right there," Tony mewled.
“The thing is, you don’t have to do it yourself, Steve.” Bucky chimed in, reassuring his friend. “More eyes looking for info, the better. We can find things out faster that way. Let Nat and I go digging for information. We’ll keep you in the know. And who knows? We might be able to find a cure to try.”
Tony snored softly in bed, Sammy tucked next to his arm; he hadn't
"I have an idea of it," she hummed, a tiny smile on her lips, "But, to finish this little shindig--"
"He don' show it well, doe. He don' match his cwothes well," Peter sighed dramatically, worming closer to Steve's chest.
"Shhh, I'm gettin' there," Tony soothed, gently pushing a finger in up to the knuckle.
Steve bypassed the hand and surged forward from his chair, pulling the other into a tight hug and burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck. He couldn't help the choked out sobs that left his lips as he held the other. The familiar scent and warmth of the other was overwhelming, it was a comfort. It was safe.
"Don't remind me how old I am," Tony joked.
"All of the things you told me about Howard, everything he said about you? They are all true. Without that suit, you are nothing but a useless disappointment, a pitiful man who places himself alongside
"I think you're still tired, baby," he teased softly.
"I think it’s more so him than it is me." Steve said at a whisper, covering the baby carefully with the blanket as they headed outside to the car. "He's so
He hugged Steve's leg, bouncing slightly as he watched the animals.
"Alright you, bedtime," Tony rolled his eyes, still petting Steve's hair, "Enough silliness from you, Mister."
"Peter, please listen. We didn't lie! Never would about that!" Steve pleaded, voice cracking a bit.
"Tony," Pepper scolded, hands over Peter's eyes, "Please."
Peter nodded, wiggling on Tony so he'd be put down, toddling over to Steve.
He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, tucking his head into Steve's neck.
don't have to behave right now." Steve shuddered with want. "Don't think I'd think of anything but you at the moment anyway."
now it’s all that he can see.
“I don’t think you get to be picky when you’re flinging yourself off buildings,” Tony retorts, eyes flitting across the skyline to find Clint another perch.
Tony is stepping forward into his space in an instant, snarling as he does so, “Just because
He’s holed himself up in the penthouse, figuring it’ll be better to go here than anywhere else. The other Avengers have been flitting in and out, hesitant to leave him alone for any extended period of time. He knows that Jarvis
considering he’s so close that all of Tony’s thoughts have been thrown directly out the window.
Strange pulls back as soon as he voices his discomfort, a grim set to his features. Tony’s chest resettles itself, releasing the hold on his lungs as he takes in a shaky breath.
him. It wouldn’t be his fault, but he would never see it that way.”
“Are you asking if I’m in love with you?” his voice cracks, shakes under the weight of the words. The flower petals stick to the back of his throat, choking him,
of how easily he expresses his admiration for Tony. His heart clenches painfully in his chest, nausea churning in his stomach.
“Nah, I’m alright here, I think. Thank you for coming with me,” he says. “I know it’s not really your preferred way to spend the day, but I appreciate the company.”
“You can’t be serious,” Stephen says incredulously, “Tony, this is going to
Bruce and Steve seem more inclined to try to help than anything, pushing down the apprehension in favor of trying to find a solution. Thor comes to him with apologies, guilt-ridden that he hadn’t joined the fight sooner. Clint reacts to it as he does everything, which is with humor to break the tension. Natasha watches him with curious glances, but otherwise, they carry on as usual.
“Never been better,” the reply comes automatically. It's accompanied by an attempt at a dazzling smile, but he clearly falls short. She looks unimpressed as she crosses her arms over her chest, leaning her hip against the desk and looking over him with a critical eye. He knows there’s nothing to hide from her
How did you--”
and Tony coughs and shudders as the sudden smoke filled air fills his lungs.
“My apologies for my late arrival!” Thor’s voice comes to life over the comms, the most beautiful sound Tony’s ever heard in his life. He appears over the skyline, wasting no time before dropping to Hulk’s side, slamming mjolnir to the earth and incinerating the vines and creatures that lay before them. Arna’s answering screams are enough to know he’s done an incredible amount of damage. The fire has burnt through the perimeter at this point, and the lightning only serves to ignite it further. The tide of the battle has shifted in their favor.
you, but I never wanted to tell you like this. Fuck, I don’t know if I would have ever told you at
“Alright,” is what he settles for, trying incredibly hard to keep his voice steady. “What made you go see the wizard? He isn’t sweeping in to save the day at the last second, is he?”
They’ve handled plenty of magical beings in the past, even if Tony hates to admit it. They have
you.”
at him, seeing what all of this is doing to him-- but Tony can’t take the risk, now. They’re so close to the end, and Tony won’t let him break under the guilt that is sure to follow.
“I should inform you as well,” the AI continues after a brief moment, “that Captain Rogers has just arrived in the elevator. He is asking permission for entry, Sir.”
But if you’re trying to tell me that my old man had some notes lying around about deadly flower
at her as she stands beside him, utterly silent as she moves, a gentle hand placed against his arm. He fights back every urge to shake her off.
Pepper before trying to make her CEO immediately, but. He’s really trying to stay tame this time, really.
Tony runs his fingers through his hair as he speaks, as if the motion will stop the sudden tremors in his hands. The more time he spends with Steve, with his
Tony does his best to tamper down the sudden spike in his heart rate, the way the sharp perfume tickles at the back of his throat. He can taste the lilies in his mouth, the rust of his own blood.
something like that?”
why would I do that if I had feelings for him?”
would be selfish enough to risk devastating someone like that doesn’t mean
“You’re telling me--” a strangled, startled laugh, edging on manic, “No, of course you are, why wouldn’t you be, it would just be too damn
You’re bright, and loud, and demanding, but not in the way that I thought you were. Or-- not in a bad way.” Steve frowns slightly, as though he’s realized he’s made a mistake.
A shudder wracks through him so harshly it threatens to bring him down entirely. The coughs are ripped out of him not a moment later, hacking up more of the lilies into his hand. It takes him a moment to realize that they’re accompanied by smaller, blood-splattered yellow petals--
“What does
Tony obliges to the request, if only to remember how to breathe properly as the spindly limbs squeeze at his lungs. He grits his teeth as the pain worsens, barely managing to inhale as his chest spasms.
“If you tell him, there is still a chance you could be saved,” Strange continues, “it’s as simple as that, Stark.”
Tony,” Steve replies addamently, “you and I are going to have a
pick up-- none of them can figure it out. That probably warrants a panic attack, doesn’t it? His weakest point is the arc reactor, and he’s got a magical parasite trying to dig its way around it. Realistically, he should be full tilt panicking right now.
“I know I’m not as pretty as your bedside nurse, Tony, but I’m trying to take care of you too, here,” he says innocently, ignoring Steve’s indignant sputtering from off to the side. Tony snorts out a laugh, though it feels… strangely
Jesus, Tony, you could be a little bit more gentle on the grab, there,” Clint complains, though he doesn’t seem to mind the bridal style hold Tony has him in. He loops an arm around the shoulder of the suit, just to be safe.
Arna hisses out, “I know you. You sit in your gilded tower, thinking yourself a
worried, then it must be bad.
“I’m trying to tell you that I’ve
he looks; there’s a haggard weariness to his frame, something Tony hadn’t been sharp enough to catch before. But
“...Okay?” It would be an understatement to say that Steve’s clearly hiding something. “You don’t have to tell me, Cap. It’s not a big--”
“We’ll tell them in a bit,” he replies, pressing a kiss against the corner of his jaw. “Just… a few more minutes?”
There is a part of him that very nearly
he’d said to Steve once, “
“...Did you tell them, then?” Steve asks quietly from somewhere beside him, sounding just as wrecked as Tony
“....So what was that you said earlier about being Prince Charming?” Steve teases quietly, a small grin on his face. Tony barks out a laugh at that, though for the first time in months, it doesn’t pain him.
Steve interjects haughtily, though it seems to go unnoticed by the other two. Well-- at least by
chance that we can save you, Stark, you have to know that we’re going to take it.”
he bites out, “I’m calling uncle,
“We’ll make due,” Tony replies, “Jarvis, keep the first responders updated-- if we need them, we’re gonna need ‘em fast. In the meantime, let’s keep her busy.” He flies lower, letting loose a short burst of missiles across the closest vines to grab her attention. Sure enough, she snarls in response, twisting on him in an instant.
“One of the on-call doctors has already been in to check on you,” Bruce carries on smoothly, though Tony can easily pinpoint the softer lines of his amused smile. There’s always
tell me it’s just a mad scientist,” Tony says as he delivers Clint onto the nearby rooftop, “I love mad scientists, can’t get enough of ‘em. I keep one at home, actually.” Hulk roars his approval in the distance.
Oh wow, it sounds even worse in his head, actually.
“It does matter,” he says quietly, “because if it’s who I think it is, I can… this means I can
the woman’s voice pierces their ears,
It’s nearly the end of month two, and there’s blood soaking the flower petals when he coughs them up.
“What if I want to kiss you again?” Steve does so without preamble, tilting his head down to meet him. Tony exhales into it, light and content.
The roar of the Hulk is almost enough to shake the very earth, shattering through the comm lines. Clint’s voice follows it mere seconds after, sounding just an inch closer to panicked.
“Thank you, Sir.” It’s simple and precise, as Jarvis always is. If Tony strains hard enough, he can almost hear the bittersweet undercurrent beneath his words. He pretends it can’t be real, instead.
“If you tell me no, then I’ll believe you.” Steve says softly, the faintest tremor to his voice. “I won’t ask again, I swear. But if it’s true, I…” If it’s true.
“He’s waiting to hear back from Xavier.”
Who is, well. I mean, you live up to
“I’m telling you, Natasha, there isn’t. If Strange can’t help me, then neither can you.” There’s a sense of finality to his words, something so stubborn and deadset that she drops her hand from his arm. For the briefest moment he thinks that maybe she’s left him already, before she speaks again.
He doesn’t know what to do with the heavy helplessness that settles into his bones.
Steve doesn’t have feelings for him, and if he found out… the guilt would eat him alive. He already carries
Whatever spell they’re under has turned the plants into enlarged, gnarled creatures. The teeth that have grown out of their flower petal mouths are more than a little unsettling, especially with the chittering, clicking screeches they keep making. Clint seems rather unphased by it, at the very least. Tony, on the other hand, has no intention of getting anywhere
it in here.
more than I want you, Steve. But I couldn’t let that be on you. I couldn’t take that risk. I thought it was better if I just…”
A loud crack of thunder booms overhead, and Tony’s relief hits him so hard he could
“Because it’s who you
A beat of silence follows.
not listening to me,” Steve is smiling at him, something hopeful and incredulous and
they are not Yinsen’s hands, they are not ripping at his sternum and digging for shrapnel, he can’t smell the dirt and gunpowder and
“I just
I don’t think they liked that.”
“What happened, after I blacked out?” he finds himself asking, his voice distant. He can’t start panicking yet. If she’d done something to
and that was that. And then this…” he presses a hand to his chest, feeling an unexpectedly
be too soon. Get
“Mm, I know,” Natasha agrees easily, tilting her head slightly to look at him, “Almost as stubborn as someone else I know.”
“I swear to god, if it’s true love’s kiss or some bullshit I’m actually going to
Steve asks, incredulous. “Tony, for as someone as brilliant as you are, you can be incredibly idiotic sometimes.”
Steve doesn’t have a chance to properly reply before a new voice is echoing harshly over the comms, a cacophony of screeches from the flower beasts rising up to greet it.
me, either.”
“Out of all the things I said, I can’t believe
So yeah, maybe I jumped one chance I had to survive, but that doesn’t mean I’m-- what,
Which is exactly what he does.
these days. But you’re also--
of that, Steve.” He makes a vague gesture to
genius.” Strange fires back, not bothering to look up as he flips to the next page. “She used plant-based magic, correct? What were the
Pretty fucking ironic, isn’t it?” He collapses on the edge on the couch again, head in his hands as he tries to catch his breath. Nothing but silence follows.
he bites out a bitter laugh, “I’m too much of a coward. But I couldn’t let this be on you, Steve-- it’s not your fault if you don’t--”
something to him, whispered something cruel as she pressed her hand against his chest, searing pain at the heart of the arc reactor. What on earth could she have done to him?
“She dropped you,” Steve answers, a coldness to his voice that Tony’s only heard very, very rarely. “Thor managed to catch you before you could hit the ground. We planned to take her into custody, but the fire… it had spread pretty far already. She wouldn’t let us anywhere near her, so she, ah… she burnt up, with everything else.” He does manage to look regretful at that, regardless of how angry he’d been. Steve was never fond of unnecessarily taking lives.
you,” Arna snarls, “I
“What do you want?” he grumbles, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
“You’re signing your own death sentence, Stark,” Strange says in lieu of goodbye.
“Fine, I’m fine. It’s just.” he pinches at the bridge of his nose, as though to alleviate the sudden headache that’s come over him.
hope, then.” Strange begins to pace, his hands behind his back as he considers the problem at hand. Tony can feel the sharp prickle of anxiety along his spine.
Flowers, for instance. Very large, very hungry, man-eating flowers. Must be a Tuesday, then.
“We’ve done just fine without him before,” Natasha huffs out, narrowly avoiding getting slammed by a haphazard vine. “But I won't lie, the lightning would really help.”
it?” His voice isn’t demanding, intrusive; it’s careful, comforting. It makes Tony want to rip his hair out.
“I’m gonna miss you too, J,” Tony replies quietly, voice thick. “...You’re going to take care of them for me, right?” He knows he doesn’t need to elaborate any further, but there’s still a biting anxiety that needs addressed.
Not like you are now.” Her words hang heavy in the air for a moment, before Tony decides that he’s had
she, right? It takes all of his willpower to swallow down his bubbling hysteria. The
from losing you. But you were still willing to take a chance on us, to take the scraps of information we had and
“What’s with all of you and asking permission?” he sighs, trying to sound annoyed but falling closer to resigned. “Let him in.”
“Tony?” a familiar voice asks from nearby, though it takes his brain a moment to catch up and register that it’s
There is a beat of silence as Tony tries to process this. She… she cursed him with a love spell. Of course she did-- why
“Jarvis, scan--?” he breathes out, the words heavy in his mouth.
this time around. Pepper is as strong as they come, blinking back tears as she hugs him tight. She promises to take care of everything that she can, while they try to find the cure for him. Rhodey accepts his place on the team as back up, the War Machine armor at the ready whenever they call for him.
Can’t you see that? If you’re close enough with this guy to be-- to be in
he realizes numbly-- before breaking into another coughing fit.
“Voodoo and magic are two different classifications,” he replies breezily. He steps out of the rows of bookshelves, flipping through the pages of the book in his hands. “Ah, I think I may have found something.”
He’s glad they can’t see his grin under the faceplate.
for him.”
“May I say something, Sir?” the AI asks, snapping Tony’s attention away from his work in an instant. He frowns slightly, tossing his tablet off to the side before sitting back against the cushions.
“Of course. Whatever you want, Tony,” comes the easy response. Tony’s starting to think he genuinely means it.
“He’s getting backed into a corner,” Tony answers instead, already resetting his course and flying full speed for the sniper’s perch, “I take it you’re gonna need a pick up, Legolas?”
that he would try this, if he ever found out.
He can’t breathe, he can’t breathe and there’s nothing to numb the pain, there are hands--
He hesitates for only a moment, before he’s reaching out to take Tony’s hand in his. Tony inhales sharply, anticipating the pain in his chest to following along with it-- but a moment passes, and nothing happens. He thinks he might be trembling, but he can’t tell; all he can feel is Steve’s hand against his, calloused and warm and absolutely perfect. He doesn’t want to let go.
“Alright kids, I think we’ve had enough fun gardening today,” he says, backing up beside them as he fires off the repulsors once more, “you’re both a bit more flammable than I am. I’ll finish clearing you a path, and then I’ll deal with the Wicked Witch myself.”
you would see that there’s still a chance for you to--”
like this. That’s final. If you won’t lie for me--
“I assure you I came as soon as I could!” he laughs. He calls down a lightning strike that wipes out another wave of flowers as though they’re not even a threat. Tony feels absolute regret at ever doubting Thor’s status as a god.
what you’re holding onto, you
“What did he tell you, Steve?” Tony asks again, quieter, yet somehow just as cold.Steve doesn’t respond at first, just drops his hand to the back of his neck and breathes deeply. It aches just to
“Fancy meeting you here,” he wheezes softly. The pain in his chest has dulled to an ache, the vines settling into place once more. He’s fairly sure he can feel flower petals tickling at the back of his throat, but he does his best to swallow them down.
“...I’m going to need more information than that,” he says, leaning over to try and glean
he tries so hard to convince himself,
“This isn’t something I can pick apart and put back together, I-- I’m out of my fucking depth here, and I don’t have a chance in
question, Tony, and I need you to tell me the truth.” He steels himself, taking a steadying breath. “...Am I the reason for this?”
“Couldn’t agree more, buddy,” Tony replies as he flies overhead. Hulk seems to be doing well enough on his own, acting as a blockade to keep the vined creatures from spreading even further into the city. Regardless, he still drops down to obliterate a few that have skittered too far away with well aimed repulsor blasts. With a quick salute to Hulk, he takes off into the air again.
know,” Steve says in bemusement, “you’ve made that very clear over the past few years. But if she did anything, then you know we can call in Strange to help.”
Steve. Alright? It doesn’t matter, you can let it go.”
“She’s got him tangled, Cap. He can’t keep the perimeter!” He fires off more incendiary arrows, but it’s not enough-- the fires are spreading, but not fast enough to keep up with how quickly her vines are growing to replace the burnt foliage.
“My safeword is
“So I’ve been thinking,” he begins, fiddling with the gutted attachments, “I know you said you don’t like to be weighed down by unnecessary tech, which-- I get it, I do, every time I look at Rhodey’s suit I break out in hives, my shoulder hurts just thinking about it-- but I had a few upgrade ideas in the case that you
“The issue with certain strands of magic is that it’s nearly impossible for other magic users to reverse a spell that has been placed,” Strange finally continues. “At least, in this case, not without grave consequences.”
“If any of those tricks get you
“Man, it’s like she
for him. He wants to reassure him, wants to tell him he’ll make it out of this one alive, just like always-- but Arna’s hand is suddenly around his neck, and speaking is no longer an option.
every single time. You put everyone else’s feelings before your own, and you act like it doesn’t matter if you’re suffering or not.” Steve snaps, barrelling forward without giving Tony the chance to respond. “But it does, it matters
“Tony, who
“What happens if he-- if he doesn’t?” Tony can’t imagine a life in which he
giving Jarvis as much personality, as much independence as he has. He never imagined it would be an almost cruelty, to make him grieve alongside everyone else. But at least the AI will be apart of his legacy, something self-sustaining; he will continue to evolve and grow, even after Tony is long gone.
“Yellow roses are meant to represent a deep bond of friendship,” Jarvis tells him, voice somber, “the dark red is interpreted to mean romantic love, but most often represent a deep grief. The nightshade…” he’s never known the AI to hesitate, but he knows he can’t be taking
“Well, we have
“Well that… doesn’t bode well.” Strange says vaguely, before turning back to his book. Tony watches him for a moment as he catches his breath, but he doesn’t continue.
“They’re popping out of the woodwork like
meant to act as a parasite and feed on your emotions. This one in particular is tied directly to your affections for someone else; your
“Well aren’t you a star spangled sight for sore eyes?” Tony says with a lazy salute, trying to appear as casual as possible. He still drinks in the sight of him, dressed down to jeans and a faded shirt, the familiar leather jacket and wind tousled hair--
“Jarvis said you wanted to see me?” Natasha says as she steps up beside his workbench, giving a cursory glance to his work. Even in their disassembled state, she can still easily recognize her Widow’s Bite gauntlets. Natasha gives him the slightest tilt of her head, a question in of itself. Tony has her attention, now; he takes it as his cue to explain.
"New York ......" he repeated twice in his low voice before leading her to hail a taxi again, trying to convince the driver to take her back to New York with some of the same tactics that Natasha had just employed. A few conversations ended with the man taking out his credit card.
"If you don't mind, I thought I'd walk you around until you find one. My name is S......Grant," he then sincerely extended his hand.
So he took the girl's hand and together they went shopping for souvenirs that the two of them didn't even need, and got dressed into silly couple shirts. At Toni's insistence, they also took a number of large headshot photos.
"I have something to say to you."
Natasha watched with satisfaction as Steve's face brushed red and added, "Steve, I miss you, I miss you so much, and is there anything more you should be doing at this time than satisfying me and making me feel good?"
After crying for a while, the girl got up from his arms, "Hey soldier," the girl smiled softly as she held his face, "stop saying you won't do anything to me, I'm not wearing anything in front of you now, if you don't do something to me, I'm really going to suspect I've lost my charm. " After that she really reached out and gave him a firm grip on his big guy, "Luckily, you're not unable to getting hard facing me. I really need you to do something to me." She eased two fingers inside herself and brought her still red and swollen nipples to his mouth again. "Listen, I'm already wet like a river for you."
"Is it really in person?" Toni laughed as she pounced on the man and ripped off his shirt and tie.
The man slowly took off his helmet, "Please forgive me, Your Majesty, for deceiving the king by dressing up as a man."
"So Miss Stark, what are the specifics of this film contract?"
Natasha woke up in the Hydra base.
Tony was still in his bedclothes with a messy hair, smiling, "You tell me what's not working?" Before her refusal could be said, Tony added, "Or do you not like me?"
"But what?"
"Let's see when we're off and we can get in touch with Thor, Danvers and the others."
Toni slumped at her desk and her voice was muffled, "If I get hurt by Pepper's heels because wondering where to go tomorrow in a meeting , I'll tell her it was your idea. Go go go, and remember to come back and rescue me for dinner."
"Oh Tony, you look like you're going to fall asleep any minute."
The girl clearly didn't want to answer that question, she rolled her eyes and lunged up to muzzle the man's question with her rosy lips. She kept nibbling on Steve's bottom lip and the corners of his mouth, on the rare occasion that even Captain America felt like he was running out of lung capacity.
"I won't leave you, Toni, I love you too. I just didn't realize you were so cute. Just wait here for a minute while I change the sheets then carry you back to bed."
"Sir, you invited Mr. Parker yesterday to pick up the new suit today."
Later, the kindly old man told Phanie that he was a housekeeper in the Prince's house and that his last name was Jarvis. It was he who found her collapsed by the creek covered in wounds and took her back. It was only when the maids changed her clothes that they discovered that the lad the butler had picked up was in fact not a lad but a girl. It was only from a half-broken wooden sign she carried close to her that everyone discovered the name Phanie.
He still just kissed her forehead and thought to himself, "I'll explain to Fury when I make this real," and said, "Toni good night."
Natasha didn't expect that from Captain America and burst out laughing all at once, but tears were streaming down the corners of her eyes, whispering I miss you I love you over and over again.
By the time the two had ticked off every item on the card, it was the morning.
There were already a lot of people with the same name, and even more people with the same initials. No matter. She hadn't expected to find that person anyway. It was questionable whether she would even survive.
Steve looked at Natasha, who had just fallen through a wormhole and come back from the dead, awakened by Hulk's roar, and felt his stopped heart slowly begin to regain consciousness.
"It's all bed scenes. With Captain America out of the house, I have a whole load of tricks I can come through with you in our house."
Toni was wilting in the Seattle midday sun, and the man with the blonde hair and blue eyes was smiling brightly and helping the crew move props, even though he felt hot. That was why she had thought Steve was an assistant on the set when she first saw him.
After the impatient first time, Natasha gradually realises that Steve is not unconcerned with her feelings, despite all his tricks. Apart from the occasional paranoia of torturing her to scream out, Steve is increasingly showing the restraint of his former self. When he is in a good mood, he is as gentle as ever, taking pleasure in dragging Natasha slowly into the sea of desire.
"Why, don't you like it anymore?"
"Do you have anything that is not useless?" Natasha's best response to kindness was to put up spikes to drive away anyone who offered it.
The man began his report calmly, but his clenched fists betrayed his indignation, and Steve took his time, burying his head in the girl's shoulder for a deep breath and a kiss and a nibble, and reaching down from the girl's waist to smear the little wetness he felt on her face, before looking up to continue to admire the man's gradually losing his calm tone and somewhat grim expression across the table.
Later Natasha even thought it would be nice to just walk and talk all night.
There are not many people in the station late at night, and as Natasha walked quickly through the station, there were few passengers like her who were in a hurry to catch the last train. There were only several homeless people and street artists who wanted to stay in the warmth of the station for a while to protect themselves from the cold, lying or sitting against the walls of the aisles.
"Really? That's all you have to say? Then I'll come too." Natasha dialled randomly again, "Hey Toni, it's you tomorrow, your most important task today is to never argue with Pepper, never talk back to her, or you'll end up in a situation where you have no money, no phone, nothing. If you do, you'll also meet one less nosy man." She said and raised an eyebrow.
Natasha just looked down as if she was trying to tuck herself into the wall. Steve's hand pinched harder, "Are you jealous?"
When he put the identities of Howard's daughter, Iron Woman, and Natasha Stark, the brown-haired, brown-eyed girl with the warm smile in the photo, together, it suddenly dawned on him that he had found the one.
Thor wasn't spared from the complex of their relationship.
"Then promise me you'll stop crying too, don't cry for anyone, I'm here for everything. Er, but only except when we're in bed, I'd love to fuck you to tears, God knows how much I love it when you're so fucked that you can't even cry." The man's other hand teased her everywhere until he reached the small slit, he reached up and rubbed his hand along the delicate edge twice, inserting a finger unexpectedly, "It's already been three months, hasn't it?" Not waiting for the girl to answer, he pressed down on her legs that were trying to stay together and dug in there twice nastily, feeling the wetness, he crouched contentedly in her ear and blew into her sensitive earlobe, "It sure has, I haven't fucked you in what feels like a fucking year."
He looked into Toni's bright eyes and took her into his arms, repeating over and over in her ear, "It's true, it's all going to be true, everything you want is going to be true."
By the time Steve got out from the bathroom Toni had slipped away to the workroom. He watched from the doorway as Toni gawked and tapped at times at his shield, worn from the previous two days in battle, and asked Jarvis to open the door to the workroom.
Natasha stubbornly shook her head, a shake that caused her otherwise well-held teeth to knock into Steve's penis, which caused him to freeze and a massive spurt of cum, choking the girl and causing her to quickly retreat, she coughed as his fluids spurted all over her face.
Toni's smile was now a little more genuine, "Just call me Toni, I'm five years younger than you."
"Time has changed Captain America a lot huh? Not the ever-present 'Tony, no' anymore? Then let's have a party before I take the roof off, I do miss those nights sometime."
Fanny shook her head sharply, "But I'm not a girl with a high status."
"Paint me another picture. Something like in Titanic."
He stood at the bar, his quadruple hearing allowing him to catch Pepper talking to Toni from afar, "Are you really serious about that little actor? The twitter and today's party, you know there's been a lot of press cameras on you two today."
Steve spent many days working to concoct a non-existent hope that Thor would cheer up. Every day since then, Thor has been the same as when he was in his old days in his dreams. But he still watched the reactor go out.
With that Steve ploughed on again, this time abandoning the need to torture Natasha with speed and instead committing to changing the angle of each thrust until the girl could no longer control the overflowing moans, which greatly pleased him but also reinforced his desire to ravage her even more.
"Wow, innocent boy, don't you know? The Ferris wheel is a confession mecca, for the ten minutes it takes to go round, no one will bother you and the girl won't get away, pull out flowers, get down on your knees and confess, ten minutes is enough to make a whale cry!"
Natasha felt a little aggrieved at this point; Steve had been the one who was at a loss for words when it came to her tricks, and she had tried to persuade him to fulfill some of her dirty fantasies and have sex tirelessly around the building with the disgusted but blessing looks of her best mates. But never like this. Perhaps Steve had indeed fallen in love with her again in a fit of amnesia, but she saw little tenderness or affection in his eyes, as if she were just a large toy for him. The more she thought about it the sadder the girl could not help but get red-eyed and tried to twist around to look at the man behind her, "Stop for a second, please, my knees hurt."
The girl's obedient swallowing movements refreshed him and Steve leaned down to carry her into the bath and put warm water. He teased as his hand reached under her, "Sooner or later you're going to get fucked into my shape here." By now the girl's hair was dripping wet over her shoulders and her big brown eyes were blinking like a frightened deer. Suddenly she leaned in and threw her arms around his neck, "Steve, I love you, don't leave me."
The expensive sports car was left by Toni on the side of the road and without a word she walked the long way back to the building with him. A light rain fell on the last stretch of the road and Steve tried to go to the shop to buy an umbrella but was stopped by Toni, "It's nice not to have an umbrella, it's a great atmosphere for the end of our film."
The first thing she did was not to take it, thinking that she seemed to believe the man's words so easily when looking into his eyes, "Phanie does not deserve this appreciation. Only I really didn't know that this sword was a gift from the Prince, so please take it back."
Steve watched blankly as the man snapped his fingers and thought numbly that it was over.
Steve thought that was the most melodious voice in the world.
The girl nodded vigorously in his arms, but the tears grew as if she wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to release all the months of repression at once.
"Toni, you're too young to understand, and I hope you never do, and always believe that if you love each other you'll always be together."
Epilogue 1:
Once upon a time it seemed he had also felt a girl's hand with an engagement ring, and several memory fragments screamed in the recesses of his mind, giving him an unbearable headache. So the big guy slid uncontrollably out of the girl's mouth and hit her face again, and the girl seemed oblivious to it, just looking anxiously at Steve holding his head feeling the pain and calling out Steve's name urgently.
Steve moved back into Tony's room. Every day since then, he has dreamed of smelling Tony on a desolate battlefield. But he still watched the reactor go out.
"I think I'd better ......" Steve's refusal had barely been weighed when his boss pulled him aside, "What are you thinking?"
Feeling the girl's genuine love, Steve finally picked up some warmth as he lifted Natasha off the floor and held her to face him, "You love me Toni, don't try to deny it, it turns out you love me."
"Hmm?"
But the man wouldn't let her go so easily, and he pushed himself to the bottom again and continued to torture her, "Why are you afraid to look at me? Who is the one you've been thinking about? Are you going to leave me, or are you just going to keep your heart for him?"
"Why would you miss out if you love each other? Because you didn't try hard enough, I guess."
By the time the red-haired female agent handed Steve the files of the members Fury had assembled in the hope that he would get to know his teammates in advance, he had fixed his hair and shaved off his beard to revert to his Captain America persona.
"Why are you so late? I thought you weren't coming today." Omega raised his chin, indicating the meal left on the table for him.
"Just a few things, she said I wasn't pretty and I wasn't in shape." Natasha really didn't care about that when it came to Captain America, but Agent 7 had no idea how to capture Captain Hydra's heart, at least, at least until after Bruce succeeded.
Then, by the time she understood how this trip would change her life, she had lost that skin on her chest.
Phanie wakes up to find she has lost her memory.
Steve leaned down again and took hold of her shoulders, snapping them back twice as hard as he could and then pushing up a few more times with that force, "Here's a chance for you to assert your sovereignty, you can take this opportunity to give the woman who made you jealous a good lesson, you're the only one who can make me fuck so well."
Perhaps this was the last night he would have Tony for the rest of his life, and after half a night of talking, the Omega had fallen into a deep sleep.
Natasha couldn't resist the torture from her love any longer, she knew that Captain America's patience had always been unbeatable, and besides, Steve was still her desire, a desire she couldn't resist. She opened her eyes and, after first saying a mental hello to the big guy she hadn't seen in a while, she wrapped her arms around Steve's neck and pleaded in his ear, "Please... Please fuck me ......"
"I wanted to do that when I first met you, you have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen."
"I heard from the maids that you used to like women like that," Fanny blushed and her voice got even smaller, "Did you really like me?"
Steve's excitement was high every day, but Natasha was anxious. She just wanted to get Steve home as soon as possible,but putting the baby on the way at a time when she might not even be able to save herself is not what she expected. Natasha and Steve's baby, the one she had been waiting for for so long. But at this point, she could no longer steal a blood sample while Steve was asleep either, and often she was just about to get up when Steve's subconscious movements would re-pin her to his dick.
On days when neither of them had any work, Steve even took her to a theme park.
Steve would also prepare breakfast for the girl if he had time during the day, but often at the expense of making her do the dishes - often with a Captain Hydra fingering her warm body while gently threatening her not to shake her hand and to punish her one more time if she break a bowl.
Day after day, Iron Woman still hasn't found a good solution, but increasingly she feels like a gangster's canary, waiting for the man's patronage day after day.
It had to be said that the memories of the icy sea had prevented Steve from developing a love for the sport of swimming again, "I don't know much, I can watch you swim."
She looked up, the person sitting in the main seat was the young butler who had brought her to a beautiful dream yesterday. How ...... how is he so bold, how dare he sit in the prince's seat? The old butler saw her dazed and quickly reminded, "Phanie, meet our Prince?"
Tony didn't know when he had started to think differently about her, but never realised that she was beautiful too. When he had gone out with him, she had been a handsome girl dressed as a man, and when he had first seen her in the backyard, she had been unadorned and heroic. He had always thought Phanie was just Phanie, different from the various ladies he had seen before and the maids who had tried to seduce him, but the first time he got so close to her he realised that she was more beautiful than all of them.
Steve was lost in thought as they approached the camp. Tony had wrapped his arm around Steve’s pulling him along beside him as if knowing Steve was not paying attention to where he was going. The harpy seemed adamant to stick close to Steve’s side letting his growing wings brush up against Steve’s back. It was a nice sensation Steve noted in the back of his mind as he paid attention to his surroundings once again.
Hello SHIELD Army! Ready for Valentine’s Day?
“Hey,” Steve greeted Tony who looked worried back at him.
“The path for you is clear Steffan,” the soothing familiar yet foreign voice whispered in his mind, “we will meet soon. Wait for me.”
The plan was simple, Pepper, Happy and Rhodey would head back to Harperia before any of them. They were to spend some time assessing the situation and gather any and all new information that could benefit the Avengers in taking down Stane. It hurt Steve to see Tony look so sad at having to watch his family go. He had protested at being separated but each of them talked him into it.
“Take care of yourself Dum Dum,” Steve said shaking his friend’s hand.
“You look so beautiful like this you know.” Steve stepped back to admire Tony’s naked and wanting body but did not move far enough to lose contact with him.“Marrying you was one of the best things to ever happen to me. I love you.”
Steve took Tony's hand in his and led him back to camp. He did not comment on how hard Tony's grip was in his.
“All the time Buck,” Steve suddenly felt like crying. Bucky wrapped his arms around his friend and decided to take him back home instead of back to the bar. He waved off the two girls who waited for them to come back. Sometimes Bucky can be quite the cold person.
Steve almost shamefully forgot he had a partner following behind him  sometimes since Tony refused to speak and walked so lightly on his claws. Though Tony had a limp, from what he could tell, that Steve probably will insist Tony get it looked at by Bruce when they get to camp. Well Bruce will have to do a good check up and make sure there are no hidden wounds or poisons that may hurt Tony more than he is hurting now. Steve really did not want Tony to die of some poison or illness that went unchecked. That would be a cruel fate for such a beautiful harpy.
Walking back to camp was hard and tiring. All he wanted to do was crash on his cot and sleep for a week. Still, he pushed on leading the saved troops to the army base camp knowing full well that he will either be seen as a hero or an idiot who got himself discharged from the military for going against orders.
“Who-EEP!” Steve heard a cry coming from within the camp knowing full well who was the source of that cry. Tony was the only one within the tent-circle at the moment as the rest were spread around trying to get last minute chores done before dinner time. Steve rushed forward in desperation wanting to get to Tony quick and save him from the intruders but a moment later as Steve jumped into the inner circle of their tents he saw Tony disappearing into the trees with a group of other Harpies looking disoriented. Steve was too late. Tony was gone. Taken. And Steve had no real clue who took him except they were harpies just like Tony.
Steve listened to the voice whispering the last line over and over again in his mind that he missed someone calling him, “-er! Soldier! I need your credentials!” The man looked strict and impatient. Steve swallowed nervous but replied all the same. The man gave him a one over and snorted. It seems like everyone shares the same opinion of him. It did not matter. Steve will show them. He will show them all.
Tony found Pepper the next day in the market. He smiled deviously at her with a somewhat giddy and worried Rhodey standing behind him. She glared at them but there was no heat in that glare just exasperation. Pepper turned to away from them trying to get back to her work of picking the fresh fruit for her mistress. She was good at ignoring them when she was actually listening. A long time ago, Tony remembered, she used to serve the Starks but she was given away to another soon after Tony's father had passed. Tony often missed her but she was happy where she was and that was all he could ask.
Tony did not respond just stared at him blankly not really acknowledging that Bucky was addressing him. Steve gave an apologetic look but Bucky just shrugged not really caring. After Bucky stepped away Tony came into Steve's space and quietly took the rest of the items out of his hands. Steve was so shocked by the contact that he did not react in time to stop Tony from taking them away. But just as quick as he was there he was gone. Steve just stood empty handed and alone with Tony already following Bucky to the small supply tent that they temporarily set up.
There he was. Freaking out moving away from the doctors looking a bit crazed and angry. He stopped dead when he turned to move towards the door and saw him. They looked at it each other for what seemed like a long time. Everyone else seemed to seep away and it was only them. Steve looked into those eyes and he was so happy even if Tony's seemed filled with shock and an undertone of anger.
“Are you shocked that I am a boy or that you have been asleep long enough for Howard to have a twenty-one-year-old son?” Tony snipped a bit turning his face away until he was forced to look back at the blond under him.
They made it to camp as quick as they could. Bruce was luckily sitting right outside his tent and spotted them coming in and instantly went into doctor mode. Steve placed Happy on Bruce’s bed and rushed to get the supplies Bruce would need to get Happy healing and stable.
“So you looked like you were far away,” Peggy stood up straight and turned to walk towards the cafeteria, “what were you thinking about?”
“Don’t take everything they say to heart. Your looking at what remains of the 107th,” Peggy placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Howard fucking Stark. If he wasn’t already dead Steve would have found a way to beat his ass and get away with it. Still, Steve was angry at Tony for taking away his choice. For making that decision for him. He had no
“Looks like someone is awake,” Rhodey spoke up pulling Tony’s focus from his thoughts. Tony smiled softly at his friend as he got up from his spot and began to unhook himself from the machines. Rhodey shook his head amused knowing full well that there wasn’t any way to keep Tony in bed let alone the medbay for longer than Tony deemed necessary.
“Well I would say don’t do anything too strenuous but knowing who I’m talking to I know I would be wasting my breath,” Rhodey said as he placed a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. He gave Tony’s shoulder a right squeeze in reassurance before releasing Tony from his grip and stepped aside.
Steve began to suck and move over Tony’s cock like he owned it. Like it was his job. He kept a quick rhythm, bobbing his head and sucking just in the right place, making Tony moan and arch his back. Tony kept his hands in Steve’s hair clutching hard, feeling Steve’s almost brutal routine all over his body.
It has been a week. That was how long it took Steve to get all the ingredients and return the horse to the stables. He made sure that the stable boy spotted Liberty trotting up to the open doors of the stable before leaving. He owed it to the horse and the boy to make sure she came back in one piece.
Since then, Steve had recruited the same men he rescued from the Hydra base to help him take down more of them throughout Europe and traveled all over to find the Red Skull and his minion Zola. With every base a dread began to grow in his chest. Like he was getting closer and closer to the end. A part of him did not expect him to survive the war. He shook those thoughts away. He was after all Captain America. He was untouchable.
Steve had been collecting some coin on the side doing some extra work as the rest of the team called it quits after finishing their daily missions. Steve was saving up money to buy Tony a present. He had seen the harpy fidget and play with items he could get his hands on but it was not until he spotted Tony secretly fixing Sam’s poor redwing gadget that he knew. The light that shone in Tony’s eyes as he picked up redwing carefully from its spot in the makeshift supply tent spoke volumes. The way he studied it and tinkered at it careful not to ruin Sam’s initial design.
“Don’t ever cut me off again, ‘ustin!” Tony growled at the kid who began to drag him towards tables full of adults. Tony was not really paying attention to what was happening until it was too late.
“What is the meaning of this?” Thor asked sounding just as confused as Steve felt. Weren’t they here to rescue Tony from the dangerous harpies?
“Firebird you have grown on all of us and it may have taken us a little longer to see underneath the surface but you are a good as any of us, you are one of us. All of us has red in our ledger that we would like to wipe out but doesn't mean we are not good people. A good person is not someone who doesn't make mistakes but instead tries to rectify them the best they can,” Nat followed with her own words of support.
“If not the Erskine trials then when you decided to apply to jobs that could lead you to a better life! It didn’t matter. Howard would have found a way to ruin you. And I couldn’t live with myself knowing that you couldn’t live your dream because you had chosen me. I...I didn’t want you to come to resent me for it,” Tony ended the last sentence in a whisper causing all Steve’s anger to flush away.
Tony sat silently staring at Rhodey seemingly unphased by his words. The silence went on for a long moment before Tony whispered, “he planned on having me killed, didn't he? Make a martyr out of me but since he didn't have a body he decided to tarnish my reputation and leave me to a fate worse than death.”
Steve vetoed Natasha and Clint's plan to go to Vormir to get the Mind Stone at the time heist meeting, and the battle in the dream was henceforth with Natasha. But he still watched the reactor go out.
It seemed that Natasha finally believed him and she took his hand and brought it to her lips and kissed it delicately, "Don't leave me and don't fall in love with anyone else."
The long night left Steve with a lot to think through.
Natasha didn't know how to react yet, when the driver held out his hand and handed back his credit card, "Your card won't work." He then handed out another card, "It still won't work." Whereupon the driver flung his car door shut and left the two to continue standing on the side of the road.
Steve went to sleep one second and came to dream the next. As usual, the dreams began with this last night. He was in a trance. Was Tony in reality sleeping beside him as he was at this moment in his dream? He raised his hand and nudged his Omega to wake him up. "What's the matter old capsicle? Did you remember something important again?"
"Finished? Then wait by the door for a moment while I confer with Agent 7 before deciding on the next step." He deliberately said the words Agent 7 very slowly. With the man turning reluctantly to go out and close the door again, he quickly undid his own trousers, stripped the girl naked and picked her up again and heaved her against the door panel, and after a few haphazard explorations of that wet little hole, he fucked viciously inside.
Steve's top was tossed aside, his trousers were down to his knees, Natasha's panties were hanging around her ankles, and her underwear was missing. Steve kneaded Natasha's buttocks while holding them there and guiding her to sit on top of him, before the man switched to holding her waist and supporting her up and down.
"Maybe we need a time machine." Natasha wasn't sure how the idea had jumped out at her.
Steve tapped his wrist and the shield grazed her ear and flew over, landing firmly in his hand.
"I was literally one sentence away from falling asleep, goodnight forty-two."
Natasha sat in the early morning train, not many people around, wondering if she should call Pepper. She reached into her pocket to see if the phone would turn on and call Pepper's number. She felt a piece of paper. She drew it out and saw the hotel service comment card, folded down the middle, opened and a small branch of mistletoe fell out. And on that piece of paper, "Would you patronise again?" There was a small checkmark in the Yes column after the question.
Another month of diligent sowing of seeds passed and one day Steve enjoyed the last of the girl's services before he left for the morning meeting, admiring the sight of his cock being swallowed and licked from the head to the root, the contrast of colours giving him great satisfaction, the girl barely covered by a shirt, her breasts visible and her long hair falling around her ears making him want to dirty her badly.
"I'm inside you now," he teased, blushing, "in fact, you're so tight I can barely move."
Steve didn't think Toni was having much fun at her birthday dinner, and although her smile was perfect as usual, Steve had a vague feeling that she wouldn't stop until she got herself drunk.
She realised this just a week into the shoot when, during a dating scene, Steve said the line "You had me at hello" according to the script, and those deep blue eyes made Toni think about it and forget her next line.
Her head was buried in his chest so he couldn't see her expression, "Blame me, I'll make it up to you when we get back, okay?"
Steve was pleased that he didn't see that look of disappointment on Toni's face again. Then he spent all the rest of the day denouncing himself for thinking ill of his old friend's daughter.
Captain America wasn't going to waste any opportunity, for this last one, and he wanted to find another way. "Tony, you can't just give up and leave me like this, did it never occur to you that you didn't have to hold on to this determination of certain death? Even if the fated one was really you, didn't it ever occur to you to use your great ingenuity to cheat fate? Tony, I know your expressions too well, you clearly had your mind set on certain death long ago. Not once in the past thousand chances have I been able to stop you ...... from making that move, I've watched your reactor go out time and time again, but don't you want to live and watch Morgan grow up with me? This last chance, I just want to ask you not to give up on yourself, not to give up hope. We will win, but I really don't know how I will get through the rest of my life if I lose you. I'm asking you to give yourself a chance to live, just take pity on me and don't be so cruel to me, Tony."
Although the man always complains to the girl that her hand job is terrible, he is still not willing to give up on this project as a preplay before the main event. Natasha's increasingly severe pregnancy reaction makes her accuse him of going too fast and inconsiderate, which he knows he has brought on himself by his eagerness to get a baby in her belly, but he can only gnash his teeth and mutter "I'm spoiling you". In reality, he had to cut back on the frequency of this recreational activity and just stick a shallow head in, stirring it around in the girl's mouth and coaxing her to give him the pleasure as licking a lollipop.
Germany.
Yes. "Yes."
Before Loki could get up, the lasers aimed at him again and it wasn't until Loki phased out of his armour and raised his hands that the armor removed her helmet. Iron Woman's long brown hair flew wildly in the wind, as warm and flamboyant as she herself.
Bruce took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes again, putting them back on before speaking slowly, "It's tricky, according to the intel that just came through from S.H.I.E.L.D., this is supposed to be the new brainwashing technique that Red Skull has perfected ...... Forcibly retrieving Cap ......" Bruce scratched his hair again, seeming reluctant to use that word, "Forcibly retrieving Cap and then counter-brainwashing doesn't seem feasible for the time being, it will take a while to crack the technology and that time will give the Red Skull the opportunity to activate the self-destruct program and then everything will be irreparable."
Steve clenched his fists, "The time and future is not to be disturbed, why are you letting me know this."
Day 7
Although Steve had many tricks, Natasha found that his favourite was to enter her from behind in a position of absolute pressure, and she often felt like she was being fucked into the mattress. It was either that or being on her knees with the man behind her grabbing both breasts and pressing her towards him. Most of Natasha's refusals were met with a response from Steve, and only her repeated complaints of knee pain at this point were never heeded. Until one day, Captain Hydra commanded his men to spread blankets on every floor of their room and enjoyed the girl's face burning red when she saw the scene.
Captain America had been knocked down by Loki in a moment of carelessness and was about to get back up to continue the fight when a golden-red armor fell from the sky, knocking Loki to the ground with lasers from both hands before she could land between him and Loki.
"Steve ......"
Back at the building, while Toni was in the shower, he took out his phone to routinely check if S.H.I.E.L.D. had anything for him. Little did he know that Nick Fury had called him ten times and sent thirty texts in the space of a day. Steve was on edge and wondered what was going on.
Steve's mouth went dry as he remembered yesterday - the yesterday he remembered, when, in the excitement of a lifelong commitment to his beloved, they had both made it all the way from the bed to the bathroom, the seductive image of the girl lying in bed, all flushed red, and now she's seducing him like he remembered, and he heard himself say dryly "Then you must tell me if you are uncomfortable."
Steve didn't want to argue on the subject and cut off her unfinished sentence just in time. From the corner of her mouth to her neck and down again, the man rubbed his chin against her increasingly soft breasts, even deliberately stubbing the sensitive tips of her nipples with his stubble. The girl tingled and tickled, reaching up to grab his blonde hair and laughing at his nastiness.
The first person to discover this was Peter.
The film was a box office hit, Steve's value had even doubled and the director Toni had introduced him to had announced an offer for Steve to star in a new series. His work schedule became busier and busier, but he always spared time for Toni's important holidays and birthdays. At last, the two became the subject of a lacy tabloid story.
The images of the war went up in smoke along with the crystal ball on the table. A million questions seemed to run through Steve's mind, but he heard Steven's words and he couldn't afford to lose Tony.
As he passed Toni's workshop, he paused in the doorway for a while, and through the glass he seemed to be able to think of how Toni used to create the inventions that were ahead of their time here. It wasn't until Jarvis spoke up and reminded him, "Mr. Evans, madam has opened up access to the workshop for you, would you like to take a look inside?"
The man touched the corners of the girl's eyes with his fingers and lifted the hand she was wearing the ring on, "Do you think this ring is just for nothing? Toni, why don't you believe that I really love you? I have never had anyone else in my eyes, you can tell me anything you don't feel condifent in. If you don't believe me, we'll find a place to get married tomorrow where SHIELD can't chase us. Not to mention the fact that we already have a child, I love you and I won't leave you."
He saw Toni's expressionless face as she took a drink from the glass in front of her, "He's an actor, think of all this exposure as my parting gift to him."
"No one here doesn't know Toni Stark, besides I grew up watching your plays."
Day 5
The girl seemed surprised, her big brown eyes filled with innocence while Steve's fluids were all over her face and sideburns, and he loved the feeling of tainting the girl's innocence, smiling and teasing, "I wanted to do that the first time I saw you in this bed, and you look beautiful like this, even more beautiful than I imagined, Toni, I'd like to spend the rest of my life inside your hot, soft body and never come out."
The Prince laughed and waved his hand for the old butler to leave, leaving himself and Phanie, who was still digesting the fact that the man in front of her is the Prince.
Steve's agency team took Toni's advice early on and they abandoned their original fancy style. Steve's clean, fresh and sunny look, combined with his kind presence at events and his ability to compliment Toni when answering any questions about her from journalists, has helped Steve's popularity to grow.
He saw the girl's bruised and sore knees and bitten lips from kneeling on the floor for so long, when he had refused to care how much she had suffered. He saw the girl's tears falling on the bed as he grabbed both wrists and held them above her head while he covered her mouth and pushed hard and maliciously behind her. He saw the girl's cowering as he occupied her body night after night for the month he was obsessed with getting her pregnant with his child as soon as possible. He also finally saw what the complex feelings under the girl's eyes were as she choked on his big guy and burst into tears. He understood that when he had ravaged the girl like a sex toy in the mistaken belief that she had another person inside her heart, her heart had broken not because she was thinking of someone else, but because the person she missed was right in front of her and all she could do was grit her teeth, unable to speak.
Steve Rogers disappeared.
"Actually just now Tony ......, ow, Mr. Stark just saw a mosquito on my face!"
Steve touched the cut on his face as if to hide his secrets, "I went on a volunteer rescue this afternoon, I saw someone trapped in the rubble over there so I went to help out, I just accidentally scraped a few places."
Natasha had put little Peter to bed and returned to her room, wondering in her mind, the old capsicle had mysteriously told her to go straight to the bedroom, it didn't make sense for him to be away himself when she returned.
Natasha felt like she was being dragged into a sea of desire, her consciousness was not quite clear, every sensitive point of her body was occupied by the man, and as he said, he was the only one she could see.
Toni's years of pride did not sit well with the press, and this reporter portrayed Toni as flirtatious and casual, while Steve was portrayed as a boy who would sell himself out to get career opportunities.
Without a past, without a purpose, Phanie took up residence in the Prince's house with this name that she didn't even know if it was hers. The old butler gave her a place to stay at first because she was pitiful, but to his surprise, Phanie was so strong and gentle and patient that she began to help out everywhere after she recovered from her injuries, doing both menial and small jobs beautifully. The old butler was delighted and began to wonder about Fanny, who did not look like a young lady from a large family or an ordinary person. After observing her for a few more days, the old butler was able to confirm that she had no suspicious movements, and then he gradually put his mind at ease.
Steve admired the disorientation that he seemed to fuck her brains out, one hand stroking restlessly at her body, smiling maliciously as he blew in her ear, "Soon you'll be fucked loose and open by me here, and when our children crawl out of here one by one, will the man you're thinking of at the moment still want you? "
"Six o'clock? A Stark would never get up at six!"
After a lazy morning,  Toni was caught by Pepper for an afternoon meeting at the office. She sat at her desk battling a mountain of paperwork while wailing at Steve, "I want to go out with you, why did I get caught again today?"
Maybe Pepper's words finally paid off, or maybe it was just her stopping torturing herself. 24-year-old Toni did start accepting dates with people who were good to her, but none of them lasted. "Maybe you weren't lying when you said you liked me, but you really don't love me, and there's a hole in your heart that I can't fill." At her assistant Vision's wedding, Toni smiled and exchanged pleasantries with those around her, all she could think about were the words of her recently departed boyfriend.
The female agent couldn't resist being blunt, "Everyone saw it, Peter, Clint, they were in the building where everyone can notice, right under your nose, your boyfriend and your boss ......"
Toni just avoided answering the first half of the sentence, "If I hadn't gone into the enemy crowd today, it would have been Captain America who would have been injured, I couldn't just watch ...... maybe the battle wouldn't be over by now and more people would have been hurt, I had to do it. "
Steve felt all at once that he had lost all his verbal faculties.
Sitting in the Ferris wheel at early night, Toni looked out at the view and quietly said, "You see all the lights out there, but none of them is for me. It's always like this, whenever I feel like I'm having a good time, there's always a voice in my heart that reminds me that good days like this don't last, they will disappear and never happen again."
She took out an anaesthetic and stuck it in the man's back, waiting a moment before drawing a large tube of blood sample from his arm. She called Bruce again on the contact she had been given by the agents and asked him to send a drone to pick up the blood sample. Then she pulled open her bedside drawer again and pulled out a bottle of medicine. This really wasn't an early time to start taking the pills, it did seem a little late and it would be a matter of luck if she hit the jackpot. After drinking water she went back to the bed and looked greedily at the man in bed, when he woke up those red eyes would tell her it wasn't her Steve, so she would have to take this moment to relieve her thoughts.
"I'm ......Toni."
The articulate man was momentarily speechless, "I ...... met a girl at a party yesterday ......"
It was true, as she had thought before, that if she were still living the life of a playgirl, she would not hesitate to jump on the man in front of her. One night together had shown her the sincerity and kindness that he could not fake, and the courage she desired but could not have. But she was tired of the emptiness she felt after the constant one-night stands, and at least she saw Grant in a different way to those she had slept with before.
Steve's embrace tightened a little more, "Because I want to grow old with you, I have to learn in advance what you'll be like when you get old."
Tony's expression softened for a moment, his hand resting on his head which was buried in his chest, "So it's just not turning out well?"
"I don't know. Maybe ask around from hotel to hotel and see if any of them will take my watch and give me a room as a favour?"
Toni froze at the sound of the door opening, "Why are you still here? I thought you were free to go?"
"This is the surprise I have prepared for you." The man's tone was temperamental as he rolled around behind the girl and simply unzipped his trouser chain, lifted one of her legs and rushed in.
As everything went as Loki had expected, the scepter manipulated them all to reveal their hidden grievances to each other.
Yes. I remembered it all. I remembered how that demon took over my body and treated you so roughly. No, I shouldn't have excused myself like that, there was no demon, it was me who had indulged my dark side, who had ignored her feelings, who had trampled on the treasure I had always cherished in my heart, my Natasha, my fiancée, my love.
After a month or so of night and day, Natasha received news of a major development with Bruce and was so happy that she hummed a song all the way back to her room from the studio. As soon as she entered the door she was wrapped in a pair of arms, "Why are you back so early today?" Natasha asked as she silently lamented that her plans to take a break from Steve's absence had been foiled.
The two returned to the bar they had just been in and Steve drove Toni towards the Stark Tower on his motorbike. Until she had been sitting on the back of the bike for a while, Toni was still in a state of unadulterated shock, "I thought you were one of those artsy-fartsy types, but you're pretty cool."
He thought she was probably shy and wanted to be left alone to think it over, and when she had thought it over she would come back and say yes. But she didn't come back all night.
"Six o'clock, I've already ......"
"......yeah I remember," Tony vaguely answered, "isn't it just to discuss going to find the missing General? The old man has made it clear in his secret letter, so what's the point of tossing me up so early in the morning?" Feeling a hand on the corner of his quilt, he closed his eyes and haphazardly grabbed it with a firm grip, "Good Phanie, let me sleep a little longer."
With a carefree grin, Steve reached into her collar and pinched a small nipple, "But I love those eyes and those little breasts of yours. Hmm? Do they look bigger than they did the other day?"
Toni took off her sunglasses and looked twice before she realised that the blonde, blue-eyed Apollo was a poor choice as an assistant for he is too handsome. Although she had seen so many actors already, Steve really didn't look any worse than any of them. But ...... Toni attributed her failure to remember the man's looks to the fact that his team was not good enough for him; most of the pictures she had seen of him before were of a fancy style, like most mediocre small actors, and really didn't match him. Toni thought to herself that if she could show him as he was at the moment, clean, fresh and sunny, he would have a much better chance than the ones he could get now.
She had asked Yinsen if she had seen the name during the surgery when she was in the cave, and Yinsen said that the initials of two words had just surfaced on the skin before the surgery, S-R.
"You ask me?" Steve pulled the tie off the girl's eyes, drew himself out of bed, went to an obscure drawer in the corner of the room and took out a bottle of medicine, placing it in front of Natasha's eyes and patting her face, as if to make her open her eyes, "You tell me?"
Pepper brought her to Boston for a holiday after she had spent sleepless hours in the lab upgrading her armour for she couldn't remember how many times. She was worried more about her mental state than her physical health. Natasha responded by fiddling with her electronic screen in the midst of the various leisure activities Pepper had arranged, and also by talking back to her before Pepper's anger reached its breaking point. The result was that Pepper confiscated her armour case in a fit of anger and forced Jarvis offline, leaving her with only a mobile phone and enough change to buy a ticket back to New York, and flying back to New York herself first.
"I think I'm in love with you." Steve shrugged off the vague, unspoken thought and raised an eyebrow and, without giving Natasha a chance to reply, kissed her again, more passionately than he had just done.
"Mr Evans, I have a week-long film contract, I wonder if you'd be interested?"
No one would not like Steve, and Toni Stark is no exception.
After a moment's froth at the thought of making a move, the Prince rose and dropped a kiss on her forehead. Phanie was a little dumbfounded and hurriedly tried to get up, her voice as thin as a mosquito, "It's time for you to get up, Your Highness."
"Because I've heard Miss Stark is hard to get along with?" Steve bellyached, that wasn't exactly what he'd heard, after all, there was never a time when Iron Woman and Captain America didn't quarrel.
Only after Natasha had recovered from her oxygen deprivation and the shock of "how brainwashing could make my shy fiancé so bold" did she realise that her blouse had been thrown under the bed, her bra was fully unbuttoned and his golden, hairy head was now on her breasts, nibbling at them in an uncontrolled manner.
The third time Toni Stark almost met Steve Rogers, was at a wedding.
Natasha closed her eyes and refused to look at him or make another sound, driving him crazy with jealousy, as Steve uncuffed her and picked her up from behind in the connected position. The girl was now firmly enclosed in his arms, her legs held by each of his arms, and almost all that remained of her body was supported by their tightly connected bodies.
Natasha thanked him when the announcement came over that the station was closing. She nodded to the man and continued walking, thinking about how she was going to get back to New York today.
He reached out to touch the girl's cheek but shuddered and withdrew it, as a scene that pained him came to him.
And then it's Clint.
She would never see that name again.
Steve's mind wandered, "You said you were going to make it up to me in other ways." Natasha just assumed that by other ways he meant to work her mouth sore for a while, and the man just jerked away slightly, reaching over to the bed and grabbing his phone.
"What forty-two?"
"Well, that sucks," Grant's expression didn't show that it sucked, "we have no money, no phones, oh no, just a broken and a dead phone, and no plan."
Steve then tightened his grip on the girl's hand again and dropped a kiss on the back of her hand, "You know, you can hold my hand even when you're not on a rollercoaster, right? Let's hold hands and go do something else, shall we?"
"It is lucky that we can indeed make some changes to your appearance and cover your reactor to ensure that those people do not recognize you, but you know that right? Cap is brainwashed, he won't remember you, you may even have to fight him someday." Bruce once again had that headache look on his face.
For Natasha, it was a mixture of pain and pleasure. Once upon a time when she had been a playgirl, everyone had wanted to please her, no bed partner had ever dared to treat her like that. And then Steve, whom she had fallen in love with, had treated her with endless affection and never condescended to her. She had never been treated so roughly. And the pleasure Steve brought her at this time was something she couldn't deny; they were now as close as two people could ever get, compared to the rubbery that had always separated them. But when would their hearts return to the intimacy of the past?
Steve has moved a lot of his less important work to the bedroom in order to reach his goal as quickly as possible. So he was always in his room reading battle plans while he was rubbing the girl's wonderfully handy breasts, which usually ended up in a daytime lusting session.
Natasha looked down at his other hand spread out in his palm, there was the phone Pepper had stuffed in his arms earlier, it had fallen out of his coat pocket at some point and was probably broken.
She really hadn't expected to be sleeping with Captain Hydra before the main purpose of the trip had been achieved. But she did miss Steve too, like crazy. So she just shook her head gently and said, "Condom."
At the more urgent urging of his boss, Steve's finally agreed, "Fine then."
The man took a mouthful of the girl's quivering nipple tip and said vaguely, "This is punishment Toni, punishment for your refusal to trust me, I'm giving you a chance to reconsider, what should you say?"
Toni didn't expect the six months since she and Steve had been together to go so quickly, the film had finished shooting and they saw each other much less, but she still called Steve when she couldn't sleep, and the man on the other end of the line seemed ever-patient and soothing, listening to her ramblings in the middle of the night, preparing three presents for her birthday and flying all the way over to see her.
Before that, Toni, 25, had only glimpsed him twice in photos sent to her by her agent, or in encyclopaedic profiles on the internet. In any case, she didn't remember what he looked like. The talented actress Toni Stark sees so many people every day, and so many of them are among the best in film business, that it's natural that she can't remember a new actor she hasn't met before.
The girl was a little breathless, "Yes."
"I've had injuries to that skin, and all I know is that the initials are N-S."
"Steve, I want you to be happy. Find a purpose for yourself. How about finding your soul mate? That name should have come up a long time ago, maybe you can still have the days you used to imagine, you can still have a long life, just give yourself some space, Steve, don't crush yourself, you know that, I never blamed you."
Bruce's research had been slowed by this and he had worriedly asked Natasha if something was wrong, but Iron Woman had simply replied while Steve was out that everything was fine, not wanting to add to the good Doctor's worries that he couldn't solve.
The man seemed to freeze for a moment and muttered something like, "Who am I? It's been a long time since I've been asked that question and I don't even know how to answer." A pair of honey-coloured eyes blinked a few times quickly displaying a smiling face, "I'm the son of the old butler Jarvis, you're new here and haven't seen me before?"
The girl gasped in comfort and discomfort, "That means you're not big enough."
Until one day Fury finally arranged for him to meet Peggy.
Steve shook his head, "Not Morgan."
After a few rounds, Steve noticed that the girl had stopped making noises and began to ask himself whether he had really bullied her too much. There was a long way to go anyway, so he shouldn't have fucked her so badly on the first try. With that in mind, he slowly withdrew from the girl's body and rolled her over so she was lying on the floor, taking her hands and making her push her breasts up on her own, so he rubbed himself between the girl's tits a few dozen times before pinching her mouth open and releasing the last time of the day into her mouth.
"No," he said, holding up a hand, "You're sleeping on the couch in the guesthouse. My house, my rules, also my
Tony looked back at Erin with a bashful expression.
"Don't talk with your mouth full, silly," Tony laughed, "You'll spit food everywhere."
"Psst," Tony whispered to Steve, "Do you want me to hold Sammy so you can get breakfast started?"
"I know, Tony. I--I know..." Steve whispered softly, tears welling up at the corners of his eyes. He couldn't stand not being able to help Tony when he hurt like this. He hated he couldn't fix it all.
"Told you," Tony laughed, "Y'gotta get up and walk around, though. Lying here will make it worse."
Steve blinked at that a bit. "Me? Why do you think I should?" He asked in curiosity. "I figured that you would want the honor. I mean, I wouldn't mind. Hell, I'd love it. I just...why?"
"Rude. So rude. Thought you were raised better, James Buchanan." Steve huffed, drilling in the last few screws. "We always shower together, for your information. And it just depends on what happens. With JARVIS working in the house, we can at least have the door locked so Peter can't come in."
"You're a pain." He chuckled, nuzzling Tony's hair. "You're my pain, but a pain nonetheless."
Tony could feel the arc reactor whirring quicker as his heartbeat sped up from the contact. It was soft and warm and simple, but such an intimate gesture in the moment that it took him by surprise. He was still a bit on edge from earlier, maybe that's why it affected him as much?
"My back hurts," Tony replied, smirking, "Okay, so here's what I'm thinking. By the look of Wade's skin, you said he was dead by 9 or 10 o clock. They found him on their way home from work, which would be around 3 or 4. The skin healed itself, Steve. Whoever killed Wade took his bone for the marrow, and tendon for the muscle cells. They're probably reverse engineering the tissues to discover their healing properties."
"Alright, alright," Tony laughed, patting Steve's leg so he'd get up, "C'mon little one, let's go get you bathed and in your jammies, okay? And when we're done, Uncle Clint should be home with dinner."
Steve hummed, wrapping arms around Peter and kissing the top of the boy's head.
"Sir, yes sir." Steve breathed back, hips bucking up into Tony's hand. "You just know what you want, you always do."
"In Physics."
"Yes I do, munchkin. That sounds all fine by me." The blond nodded. "Well plan it all out soon."
"Speaking of keeping it G, I don't think it would be a bad idea to watch some Christmas specials." Pepper offered, playing with Peter's hands. "Peter likes Frosty and Rudolph and all of those, right?"
"Well, maybe you could tell me about it, and I will tell you yes, no, or maybe?" Steve offered. "That way we can sort of have some ideas of what to try."
"No, no, it's okay. Since I was little, I've had a benign tumor in the left lobe of my brain," Sharon explained, "The doctors figured it was so small, that it wasn't an issue. Eventually, it grew and became inoperable, but they still saw it posing no threat. However, it's starting to act up, and I'm starting to have slight bouts of memory loss. I've been started on some antibiotics, but in a few months, they suspect I'll have full-fledged Alzheimer’s."
"'M sorry..." Steve apologized between kisses. "You did start it, though. Gettin' me all riled up..."
"Steve! We're home!" Tony called, placing his squirmy son on the floor, "Babe?"
"We both are, and we need to get clean because I hear my damn phone buzzing," Tony groused, stealing a dirty kiss before getting up on wobbly legs, checking his messages.
"I wanna seeeee," he whined, "Please, Papa?"
"Hey," he murmured, trailing his hands over Steve's button-down, "You can look."
"He's pretty out, but as soon as he smells food, he'll wake up," Tony chuckled, moving off his chair with Peter in his arms, "Kid's tired. He must've been up all night."
"They's gwoss," he muttered, hugging his transformer against Bucky's chest.
"Tattoos or no tattoos, we are meant to be together. I can feel it. And I don't doubt it to be true."
"Can we watch d'lil mermaid?" Peter hiccuped softly, wiping his tears on Steve's shirt.
"I'm a sneaky person," Tony laughed, licking his lips, "And you're too delicious to resist."
"Hey Petey, you awake?" Steve asked happily with a grin.
"Love you, too. So, so much." He whispered back, noising at all of the kisses and touches. "I don't know what I would do if I had never met you." He ran his hands along Tony's body carefully, touching every bit he could lovingly.
"Steve, you don't have to. I am more than capable of doing it for myself. That's why I showed you how, should you need to and I happen to not be around. Its okay."
"Of course, baby." He grinned cheekily, setting his and Peter's treat in the cup holders before starting the car and heading to the Barton-Barnes home. "Hope the boys had a good time.
Tony ignored Peter again in favor of another kiss, cupping his hand around Steve's cheek. Steve grinned and melted into the kiss, breaking away after the moment.
The boy hurriedly tore into his stocking, falling over backwards giggling to play with his new Transformer.
"I really don't want to work today, but I know I have to," he grumbled, putting his head on the table, "I hate deadlines."
Tony let out a nervous chuckle.
He grabbed the stockings and tucked them against his chest while he scuttled by Steve, tucking the stockings away before returning.
"Oh. Are they big people's gifts?" Peter asked with doe eyes as they headed back to the kitchen. "That why I gotta stay with Unca Bucky while youse is gone?"
"Thanks for taking care of him," Tony called over his shoulder, carefully strapping Peter into his booster seat.
Tony waited for them to leave before narrowing his eyes at Clint.
He shook his head with a smile, going to put Peter down.
Tony hid a smirk, hearing Steve give his full body laugh somewhere in the background.
Tony groaned loudly and reached up to tug on Steve's hair, only lasting for a few more thrusts before coming, spilling over their chests with sticky liquid. He cried out in ecstasy, letting his eyes flutter closed.
"Super Daddy!" Peter cheered, stuffing eggs in his mouth.
mess on your bib, then you'll be good to go. Then we can have you try some new foods once all your teeth are in."
Steve wrung his hands a little nervously as they continued. "What...What're vibrators like?"
"Make sure to clean your face, Peter. Go have fun with your toys." Steve hummed. "But we aren't going to yell. I promise." He hummed, turning back to Tony. "And no you can't wear a shirt forever. You would smell to high heaven and be soaking wet because you will definitely need a shower."
, Steve. You really expect me to hold back?" Tony muttered, stroking him faster, "Once we get the squirt to Buck's, I'm totally riding your huge cock until I can't even
?" Steve said, giving Peter a warning look before sighing. "It’s great you've got him this far Pete, but
"Oh! Hey Steve."
"Relax for me, babe," Tony murmured.
"Maybe, but-- Peter, don't ever say that word, okay?" Steve clarified so the boy would know.
Tony kissed his merman's lips once more briefly before unsaddling himself from over Steve, helping the blond off the couch and leading him towards the guest room Steve had been staying in.
"D-didn'
"I understand. He owns Stark Industries, correct? Must have loads of ideas buzzing in his brain." Peggy said, carding fingers gently through Peter's hair.
"No news is good news. He'll probably text you when the kid's asleep," Tony murmured, ducking his head under Steve's chin, "I love that kid to death, y'know. I hope-- Man, I hope I don't throttle that Flash Thompson."
"So, what did you think?" Tony asked as they walked to put the bags into the car before they would continue back out for their day on the boardwalk.
"Yes! Yes,
"Can you-- ah, bandage me up?" Tony asked quietly, "My hands are too shaky--"
a full-fledged adult, asshole," Tony grumbled, flicking his knee, "Mean to me on my birthday."
She stood, and Tony followed suit, still holding Steve's hand.
Steve nodded. "Yeah. We were starting to nap together on the couch but then I heard something and had to cover his ears." He explained. "He's napping in his bed now, though."
Tony put his phone back in his pocket and looked back to Steve.
Tony smiled with tears in his eyes, but seemed relieved to know the end, "Come on, big guy, you're Captain America, Morgan is counting on you, and a lot of other people are counting on you too. I'll be waiting for you in heaven, if I have that honor, and I won't see you until you've lived out this wonderful life."
Toni had no idea where to put her hands, "Then why didn't you say so before?"
Toni swore she'd never seen anyone move that fast before, she just blinked and Steve's face was in front of her eyes, she felt the man in front of her not supporting his weight with his arms at all but with his whole body on top of her and she had nowhere to go but to accept his passionate kiss. "Want to do it?" The girl loved the way Steve blushed, "The kind in the water." She was embarrassed to say it herself, smiling widely but covering her face with her hands, and unable to stop herself from peeking between her fingers at the man in front of her.
He wasn't sure if Natasha didn't hear him or wouldn't listen to him, the girl was just sure that he couldn't push against her, so she swallowed him deeper in a desperate stance, from Steve's point of view it looked instead like he was holding the girl against himself forcing her to deepthroat, the glance made him pull his hand back in as if it burnt him. The girl's gagging reaction and rapid constriction of her throat left him in a state of both orgasm and wanting to hug her. He patted the girl's cheeks gently, "Nat, get up."
The blonde Alpha shook his head wearily, "A bit of business to take care of at the base, I've already had my dinner."
Then she survived and Yinsen had stayed there forever. She promised Yinsen she wouldn't waste her life, so she started to get really busy and never tried to find that name again.
Captain America picked up his shield and walked over to her, looking at the side of her face, "Miss Stark."
She picked up the hotel service comment card on the bedside table, "Thank you for staying with us, please help us improve our service. Idle enough to fill it out?"
Steve stopped after a few strokes, which was a little surprising to the girl, but was it possible that her baby's father was really merciful for her today and wanted to make it quick? Before a thought could be finalised, the man grabbed her by the waist and quickly rolled her over. The sex organ buried inside her ground through all her sensitive spots, the contraction of her inner causing him to grow bigger.
