"I draw the line at conversing with lying, evil kidnappers, Kane." Cas spat out his name like it was the vilest insult he could think of.
"Cas?" Dean stopped in front of the angel and kneeled so that they were eye to eye with each other. "What aren't you telling me?"
"I do. Welcome home, pal." Dean walked forward and hugged Cas, for the first time in a long time. He hugged Cas like he was afraid he would disappear, but Dean couldn't help it. Cas just felt so... real. Of course, Dean had had countless dreams that Cas had come back, but none of them were like this. None of them gave him this much hope.
"I swear to every single god we haven't ganked yet, I am going to kill that son of a bitch." Dean's eyes blazed with fury in the motel room that Sam forced them to book after they woke up. The room was cowboy-themed, but not even that was enough to calm Dean's rage.
Cas breathed in the crisp air and sighed. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" He gestured to the city around them - well, Dean did too. The two had been holding hands since the second they got outside the motel room. It was really very sweet.
"No, it's not that. Dean... I'm so sorry... about Sam." Cas pulled back and looked in Dean's eyes. "I can tell when you're not okay."
"Dean!" Castiel shouted, trying to shake his boyfriend awake. Thankfully, Dean still had a pulse, but that didn't mean he would stay that way. "You," he growled at Kane. He tried to stand up, but a wave of weightlessness rolled over him, and not the good kind.
Of course, they kept an eye on him and didn't let him out of the bunker, but they unchained him and let him walk around.
Dean walked back to the study and handed Sam a beer. "Listen, man, back at, uh, Mia's, I was out of line. I'm sorry for being a... a dick lately."
He leaned forward and connected his lips to Dean's. It was only for a second, and Dean was too surprised to kiss back, but Castiel thought that conveyed all he wanted to say pretty well.
"Oh, what's this? Does the little angel want his boyfriend again?" Kane laughed. "Castiel, how many times do I have to tell you?" He knelt down and forced Cas to look him in the eyes. "Dean can't save you. Best to just forget about him."
"Cas!" Dean yelled, but the angel didn't seem to hear him. He tried to think back to when Mary was brainwashed by the British Men of Letters. She had buried herself in her memories and stopped fighting the brainwashing because coming back to her sons was too much for her. But that wasn't Cas' situation. Was it?
"No, of course not, Jack. That's just a bunch of... hormonal teenage girls who read the books Chuck wrote."
The song started playing through the computer, a little distorted by the wood of the table he set it on.
"We could call Rowena, have her do a locating spell," Mary suggested to her son and angel-almost-in-law.
"But, those aren't real. They're just dead rabbits and deer put together to make an urban legend," Sam said.
"Wait, reprogram? Like the British Men of Letters said when they brainwashed Mom..." Dean left the room and came back with the British Men of Letters' mind-connecting machine. He called Mary and made sure she would wake them up after a few hours. And soon enough, he and Castiel were connected.
Suddenly, a strange feeling flooded Dean's head, and the hotel room was swept away, replaced by himself from Cas' point of view under the lights on Fremont Street.
"'Demon blood'?" Dean read off the label Jack wrote for the dark red punch. "Sammy's gonna love that. Anyway, who all is coming tonight?"
"I... I wanted you to come back. I begged for you to come back, but... I didn't know how. I don't think it was me."
"Really, Dean?" Cas walked out of his and Dean's shared bathroom into their shared room to show his boyfriend the ridiculous costume. The pitchfork and forked tail he could deal with, but the horns? It was just so inaccurate. "You know better than anyone that this is not what demons look like."
Jim sensed that they didn't want to elaborate any more. He got it, of course - he knew the life of a hunter was not one of fond memories and frolicking in meadows. "I'm sorry, guys. I didn't mean to pry, really-"
Dean drove Baby down a dark highway. Someone's cell phone rang, waking up Sam. Dean answered it. It was a familiar voice.
"Nothing's wrong, Cas. It's just... I love you so damn much. And I feel things for you that I've never even known were possible. I'm just... I'm scared it's not real."
"Oh, come on, Scrooge. Just let the kid have fun," Dean said, elbowing Sam in the ribs. The night before, Cas had tucked his boyfriend Dean next to him, and he paid dearly for it. When Dean woke up, he saw a fake spider hanging from the ceiling, thought it was real, pulled his gun out from under his pillow, and shot it.
He could just ignore it. He and Cas would call Sam and Jack, see how they were doing, and they'd forget the whole thing. Right?
"He's dead," Dean stated. He felt very tired, so he excused himself and went to sleep. A few minutes later, he heard the door open and Cas slide in next to him.
"What?" Dean tried to look like that concept was insane, but Cas could see through it. "Kid's crazy."
Cas chuckled humourlessly. "I don't think anyone can act well enough to convince a Winchester to kill his brother."
Since the moment he was created, Castiel was completely unaware of anything more than obedience. He never felt emotions, never hesitated, never flinched. That is until he met the green-eyed, bow-legged, flannel-wearing Dean Winchester.
"Well..." Dean paused, trying not to sprint out of the room. He decided to just get it over with, rip it off like a bandage. "It's real-life now. Cas and I."
"Wow. It's beautiful, Cas." Dean and Castiel sat on the roof of the Impala, looking out at the stars. Cas had the idea of driving out to a more rural area, just outside D.C. And it was incredible.
"Dean, it's the only way to fix all of this. You know Chuck won't stop until you do. Look, you can't tell me you haven't considered it."
And sure, maybe that was true, but there was more to them. Castiel had seen past the hard, flannel-wrapped exterior to all the complexities inside. He could see how intelligent Dean really was, although he chose not to show it and let Sam be the, as many put it, 'brains of the operation'. He could see how much Sam depended on his big brother, and he could see how Dean knew that. But first and foremost, he could see how much the brothers had changed him.
He leaned forward, hearing Cas's grunt of surprise as their lips connected. One hand wound itself around Cas's waist, holding the angel as close as Dean dared. The other hand snaked up to hold the back of Castiel's neck, brushing over the soft curls.
"Well, he hired me to bring you to him. And before you ask, I don't know why. He just said that 'the fate of creation hangs in the balance', whatever the hell that means. But anyway, let's get going. Chuck offered me quite a handsome finder's fee."
He was halfway through the football section when he heard the loud creaking of the iron door, immediately jumping up and shoving the book into his trench coat. Dean must've forgotten something in the bunker. "Hello, Dean," he said, trying to sound casual.
Castiel had been watching over Dean and his brother since their mother died. He'd seen them grow up, he'd seen Sam leave for college, he'd seen Dean join the family business because he was too loyal to his father to disobey.
"Dean, we'd have to tell him eventually anyway." Castiel was in Dean's room, trying to convince him to talk to Sam. "Do you want me to tell him?"
Jim smirked. "You sure about that?" He gestured to the parking lot outside, where Dean and Castiel were sharing a tender kiss.
"Seriously." Dean sank down next to his angel, who seemed to be trying very hard to burrow his head into Dean's arm. "Oh, come on, Cas. You don't see an angel and a demon together every day."
"Because Dean, we have no proof that he's evil. Plus, we may be able to use him later." Cas tilted his head, trying to figure out his boyfriend's actions.
"Sam and Dean were raised hunters, right? So I'm guessing they never got to have a real Halloween, or even eat candy when they were kids. And I'm guessing you didn't, either."
"Well, as much as I could know an utter bitch who kept me banished from the Grand Coven for centuries."
"Alright, fine," Dean conceded. "So anyway, we came into town because people kept finding bodies with charred chest cavities - no hearts. Obviously, we're thinkin' werewolf from the jump, but this one here," Dean elbowed Castiel, "wasn't so sure." He smirked at the angel, who frowned.
They were careful, checking the ground for any tripwires or signs that Kane knew they would be here. They found none, but of course, that meant they had to be stealthier.
"Well, I need to disappear. I figured hunters were probably the best at that, especially with erasing any supernatural tracks."
"Or because I was too chickenshit to admit I liked you." Dean reached out and caressed Cas's face, looking deep into his boyfriend's eyes. "...Goodnight, Cas."
Dean stopped the Impala across the street from the address Rowena gave them. The two got out and readied their guns and angel blades. "Now or never, I guess." Dean gave Cas a kiss, for luck of course. "I love you."
All Dean could remember of that night were the diamonds in Cas' eyes as he watched the screen above them. It was one of the rare occasions when Dean drank enough to blackout any memories.
But what surprised him more was the fact that he knew Cas was feeling the same things he was. He was excited and happy, and a little nervous.
Jack stood up, a mix of confusion and wonder on his face. "Castiel? But... you're dead. We burned you, and... what's burned stays dead. How are you..."
Sam rolled his eyes, but he was glad to see Dean this happy. Ever since he started dating Cas, it was like he appreciated everything more. He decided that he should let Dean have fun with his boyfriend. After all, it was the day to celebrate love. "Alright Dean, where do you want to go today?"
"Cas, just shut up for a second, please." Dean placed a hand on Cas's back, unfamiliar with how to comfort Cas like this. "Yeah, you've made mistakes. But haven't we all? I mean, Sam started the freaking apocalypse. I was a demon." Dean paused.  "Look, I don't care what mistakes you've made, because you're Cas. You're my best friend, and now, you're my husband, I guess." The two of them chuckled.
There was a quiet creak behind them, though, each too distracted by the other, neither of them heard it.
As soon as Meg and Castiel approached the table, Ruby slid out of her seat to greet them, tugging her sister away by the wrist and off toward the bar, leaving Castiel standing awkwardly abandoned at the end of the table.
Dean and Sam both had their eyes fixed on the threadbare rug. Neither had the heart to look at their father right now. John Winchester wasn’t a man to apologize, wasn’t a man to beg forgiveness, wasn’t a man to worry about how he made others feel at all. But here he was, spilling his sorrows. That didn’t mean he deserved forgiveness, Dean thought. He shifted in his seat and remained silent.
When he couldn’t feasibly hide in the bathroom any longer, he ducked his head and returned to the room. Cas had already changed out of his flannel pants and was pulling on his shoes. He looked up at Dean and gave him a small unperturbed smile as though he hadn’t woken up with his face pressed against Dean’s chest not more than fifteen minutes ago.
“You’re a good man, Cas,” Dean smirked, as he leaned back into the cushions again, not bothering to move back to his end of the couch.
“I won't complain, but I can see how that might make for awkward dinner conversation,” he chuckled. “The drive over might be a little difficult, too.”
at the mere idea of seeing Cas, as though they hadn’t seen each other almost every day for the last week. He rolled his eyes at himself as he pocketed the phone and headed into the garage to gather up his tools before heading over to Sam’s.
While Castiel didn’t get to see his sister often, the two kept in close contact, promising one another a call at least once a week. And while it wasn’t a closeness like having Gabriel next door, it still made him feel connected.
She shrugged again as the doors slid open, and Castiel chuckled but took two before heading out, earning an actual smile from Meg this time.
“I know,” Dean said, stepping forward to squeeze Bobby’s shoulder. “Look, I want you to know, everything you’ve done for us—for me and Sam—it’s not lost on us. I mean, if it weren’t for you, I don’t know what would have happened to us. I probably would have ended up in juvie and Sam would have been sent to some group home or something. Bobby, man—we owe everything to you and Ellen. You saved us. You were the dad that he couldn’t—he didn’t even try to be.”
“Dude, chill. I’m just messing with you.” Ruby laughed, though Dean suspected that she hadn’t been joking at all. “I didn’t even know she was bringing a date,” she shrugged, “but that’s Meg. She likes ‘em rich and pretty. If they're rich enough, pretty is negotiable.”
He pocketed the phone again, finally exiting the Impala, and made his way up the steel stairs that led up the left side of the building to his front door. Once inside he felt a sudden onset of exhaustion. He hauled himself toward the bedroom, leaving a trail of clothes along the polished concrete floor, until he dropped into his bed wearing only his boxers.
“I’m so happy to meet you, Castiel. Dean and Jo have told me so much about you.” Castiel smiled as the woman wrapped him in a hug. He immediately understood that Ellen wasn’t just Jo’s mom or Dean’s Uncle Bobby’s girlfriend; he looked to her as a surrogate mother.
“Sam, please don’t apologize,” Castiel said kindly. “We’ll get through it. All of us,” he looked toward Charlie and Jo in inclusion, “we’ll be there to support Dean in any way he needs.”
Charlie relaxed and poked him in the center of his chest, “My place. Noon. Sunday. We're gonna talk.”
going to sit here and pout and overthink.” Another kiss. “You’re going to have a fun night with your friends playing games, though I assume there’s more to game night than games, based on your fear of it.” Another kiss.
Castiel shifted in his hard, narrow bed. Dr. Hendricks had approved the removal of the neck brace and there were far fewer wires and beeping monitors connected to him, but as his pain meds were wearing off, he was far from comfortable. With each movement, he winced, feeling the pull in his broken ribs. He groaned, frustrated, and let his head fall back against the angled bed.
“We’ll get some new things,” Jess added, holding up a particularly ugly coffee mug. “Better things.”
As the three men stomped down the stairs, Jess entered the room and sat beside Castiel. She let out a deep sigh and leaned her head against his shoulder.
“No, but I do have a lot of take-out menus,” he offered. Dean spun on his heel to stare at him in mock horror.
Dean thought. He took a deep breath and pinched the bridge of his nose, thanking Heaven for not taking Castiel from him.
“I have some ideas myself,” Castiel answered in that gravelly tone that always shot straight to Dean’s groin. “I could meet you at your place, though, if you want.”
They lounged around for a while, with beer bottles piling up on the old coffee table as they watched Die Hard (the only acceptable holiday movie). It was a relaxing evening, and Dean had a decent buzz, enjoying hanging out with his brother.
He thumbed the arrow that backed him out of Sam’s text to the list of recently received messages. Clicking Cas’s name, he smiled, the tension in his shoulder loosening. He hadn’t replied to Cas’s message earlier, as he became a bit preoccupied with the whole coming out thing.
“They were right, y’know,” he whispered, breathy and low. “You’re good for me, Cas. You’re so good.”
Castiel woke a few times during the night. As Dr. Hendricks promised, the hospital staff had rotated through every few hours and though they tried to be quiet, Castiel woke each time until the next dose of meds kicked in. Dean, however, had crashed almost immediately after the pair had indulged themselves in celebratory pie and had somehow slept through the entire night in the chair beside the bed, bent forward to rest his head on Castiel’s side. It was as close as they could get, considering Castiel was stuck in the narrow bed.
"Yeah, I was. But then I... annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that he sent me back." Cas looked kind of proud of himself. Dean thought it was adorable.
"Alive," Castiel answered. "We drove him to the hospital, but aside from a few scrapes and mild dehydration, he was fine."
Dean could feel the cloud's indecision, praying to the universe that it wouldn't take Cas. Not now. Not yet.
Jack decided Dean wouldn't talk about it any more, so he left. Little did Dean know, he went to ask Castiel the same question.
"Hey Cas, you know what would be really funny?" Dean could tell he was extremely drunk at this point, but Cas just went along with it.
Cas pulled out a bag of bread and put it in the cart. "I don't think we can trust him either, but we can't just kill him. We don't even know how to kill him." Thankfully, there weren't many people in the store, so there wasn't a big risk for anyone overhearing them.
"Dean, stop thinking about it," Cas told his boyfriend in a soothing tone. Cas could tell when Dean was in this mood, as he was very often nowadays. "Jack will be completely fine. I mean, we've been raising him his whole life. He's a good person."
"No, I actually wanted to ask you something," Jack said, walking closer to Dean with that same Bambi look he always had. "Is what I was reading... Is it true? Is that why you closed the computer?"
The mere mention of my cousin Jack makes me feel cold inside. He’s the only other male of age in this pack that's unmated. My only competition. My best friend. The boy that will one day be the lead beta to me as alpha. I would rip him apart with my teeth if necessary.
“That’s an excellent question, Castiel. I’ll sometimes be somewhere else, but never away from the house. Perhaps I have a meeting downstairs, or a call to make, or a discussion to have with Benny. I’ll send you up here to strip and kneel for me like this. And you’ll wait.”
Any similarities with names/details/etc. with the Russian information/people is purely coincidental -- I don't want to be accusing anyone of anything as awful as this <3
“Then try. Come to Seattle. Come be with me. We’ll try. We’ll make things work. There’s still time for your family to come around, Dean. They love you, and they’ll see how much I love you too. How much you love them and me. How it doesn’t have to be one or the other.”
Castiel huffs, even though he’s suddenly feeling the urge to grin. Sir told Benny not to hurt him. He wants Castiel all to himself, even during this sick little game they’ve decided to play. It’s thrilling. It’s all he needed to once again feel sure about this.
“He said I ruined him. He – he, uh… he can’t have sex with other men. He’s been trying, but he can’t. He said the issue is that none of them are me… none of them are good enough.” Castiel huffs a laugh. “And that pissed him off, because – well – obviously, right? Who would want to be with someone like me when there are men out there who would treat him good. Who had never hurt him before. Never tied him down and fucking raped him. Fucking shared him. Fucking beat him. Was going to fucking sell him. Fucking-”
Partly because he really wants that, and partly because he’s not worried because there’s no way Dean knows how to do that, Castiel nods to give permission.
They miss the show the next year when they get a flat tire on the way to the 4th of July party at Sam and Gabriel’s house.
And Castiel has been trying really fucking hard not to let himself do it either. Tearing himself apart won’t do anything to fix things. Tearing himself apart does him no good. Tearing himself apart does
There’s a calm that comes over the room. Dean continues rubbing circles on Castiel’s back, hushing him from time to time. Castiel starts drifting off, exhausted.
Just as he’s about to call for Castiel again, he swears he hears something. No. Yes. That’s definitely something. It’s familiar, but he can’t place it. What is that?
it. I'm over getting wasted every weekend. I'm over going home with people I can't name. I'm over sneaking out after they've fallen asleep to avoid any awkwardness in the mornings. I'm over eating breakfast by myself.
“I already let you take John from me. You moved on, Michael. You found a new mate. Pretty soon after, if I’m remembering correctly. Popped out babies. Made your own shiny new pack.” Bobby spits in my dad’s direction. My dad growls under his breath, but does nothing else. A thick, suffocating swarm of guilt and grief is flooding our pack threads. I’ve never seen him lose control of his emotions like this. “I won’t let you take Dean.”
Just as I'm about to suggest we watch the rest of the show together, everyone starts to clap and cheer. It's the only noise in the air. The fireworks are over.
He smirks, his eyes scanning my face, and I feel like there’s a good chance I might melt into this shitty high school’s carpeted floor right this second.
“Just aim for his belly. Anywhere in this area,” Dean says, pointing his finger at the torso and moving it to gesture at the whole thing. “Anywhere in there will make me happy. Can you try for me, sweetheart?”
Tears spring to his eyes beneath the blindfold. He parts his lips, intending to apologize, but sir just slides his cock back in, holding his hair in a vice-like grip to keep him from moving away again.
“I see that you were kind of a dick to him, and he was kind of a dick back. But this is ridiculous. You’re heartbroken and miserable. If you can just admit that you were wrong, and if he can admit that he was wrong, the two of you could figure things out.”
The bed is beautiful. It’s a massive four-poster, the frame made of a dark-brown wood that’s polished and slightly gleaming. Each post has a section of creamy canopy material tied to it, the cream-colored fabric cascading down from the dark brown square on the ceiling. The tufted headboard is a mixture of gold, cream, and brown fabric. The bedspread looks like it’s silk, and it reminds Castiel of the flawless sand at a Caribbean beach. This is the first time he breaks Charlie’s only rule, allowing himself to run his fingertips along the fabric where it’s folded over at the top. To call it soft is an understatement.
“Does my slut even want to be prepped?” he asks as he adds lube to the protection. “Or is he too desperate to get fucked?”
drowning. It's been over an hour since I shifted to come be near him. I've been curled up on the ground beneath his bedroom window in my wolf form, trying to hold still and be quiet so I don't earn myself a silver bullet.
his right. Castiel is his to do with as he pleases. The thought of that is just as exhilarating for Castiel as sir claims it is for himself.
Dean had known this wouldn’t be easy, of course he knew that, but he hadn’t expected Castiel to be this upset. Sure, it’s a shitty situation, and Dean knew Chuck was probably forcing Castiel into this, but not to this scale. That boy is fucking terrified.
“Oh, trust me. I’m counting on it.” Dean squeezes him through his pants again, laughing when Castiel cries out. "Someone's all hard and desperate again, isn't he?"
“Now, the most important question in the history of questions.” Dean leans forward, fighting a smile at the adorable way Castiel’s eyes go wide. “Are you ready?”
“Cas?” Dean whispers, finally getting the courage to look back at the man again. He locks onto the man’s beautiful blue eyes and gives him a watery smile. “I wanna feel like yours again. Can you – I just don’t feel – I feel untethered. I hate it. I want – can I be yours again?”
She grumbles under her breath before scooting over and giving Dean a surprisingly friendly smile. “Come on. We won’t bite.”
Since he can't see Dean's expression, Castiel doesn't know Dean's reaction to the question. All he knows is he hesitates before answering, and each second causes a painful twist in Castiel's stomach.
“Yes.” I look through his bedroom window, making his shape out in the dark. “Whatever he wants to do. Whatever makes him happy. He’s what matters.”
"Leave him alone," Castiel hears the other man growl. Whoever he is, Dean listens to him. Castiel knows the freedom won't last long. He makes sure to hurry to the personal wing, ready to just hide under a ton of blankets. He had to do the hand scanner twice before entering the code to be let in since he's shaking so hard.
With a sigh that makes me genuinely smile just a teeny bit because of how much it reminds me of Castiel, Benny opens my untouched Gatorade and nudges it towards me. “At least get some damn electrolytes in your body.”
"I think I need to learn a lot more about this stuff too. I know the basics of BDSM, like how everything is about consensual interactions and safety, but I never really learned about the details. Hell, before the compound I never even considered myself part of that community, let alone as a submissive." Dean's voice quiets as he tilts his head to look out at the ocean. "And then after… I don't know. I guess I avoided it. Avoided admitting to it. I didn't want to be fucked up like everyone said I was. But last night wasn't fucked up. This morning isn't fucked up.
Smiling, Dean hugs Castiel close, placing a kiss to the top of his head. "We don't have to talk about it, okay? I won't make you talk about it. Let's just get cleaned up and go to bed."
At least with a wrench in his hand, whiskey on his tongue, and motor oil in the air, Dean can think clearer.
Then he sees that Dean and Castiel are naked and groans, turning around quickly. "Disgusting. Uggggh. Put some damn clothes on and come into the living room. I want to cuddle that elusive little asshole."
“Mr. Winchester. You brought a guest!” The surprise in her voice is evident. Castiel wonders if this is the first time Dean’s done this. He said he just hooks up, never does anything permanent, but surely he could have brought the men he meets on his app here with him. Or is that not how this works?
Gabriel turns back to Dean then. “I saw him look at you like that, and I just remember thinking… what is that like? What must it be like to love someone
“Oh.” Castiel chuckles softly to himself as he stares down at the man he loves. “Well, then. Sweet dreams, my love.”
"Look at you. Jesus christ." Dean grabs his hips and pushes him down harder. "That feel good, baby?"
“Good. That’s real good, baby.” Dean wipes Castiel’s cheeks clean, smiling when the boy smiles. “You want to go to bed?”
"Oh…" Dean walks over to the window, looking out. His eyebrows are pulled in. Castiel doesn't understand why. Not until Dean mumbles, "Guess I thought we'd be sleeping together."
Castiel uses the belt as his grip but digs the fingers of his free hand into Dean’s hip to keep him in place. It’s fun to see him jolt forward but it’s more fun when he’s stuck in place, unable to get any sort of reprieve from the violent thrusts. Dean just has to
“I told you, sweetheart. I have a lot of work today. A lot to get ready. And you’re getting pampered, remember? You have a spa day ahead of you.”
"Plus," she adds before I can speak. "You started having feelings for Cas before you ever even presented, which means your omega gene - the part of you that the whole True Mates magic applies to - wasn't even active yet. That's why it's crazy that he could smell you like he did. And it's crazy how strong your thread was so soon after meeting. You two are anomalies."
Jimmy works up the nerve to call Dean Winchester nine days after getting his number at the hospital. He’s sitting in his apartment that he can’t recognize for the life of him. Eating chinese takeout from the only menu he had on his fridge. Staring at a photo of him standing somewhere that looks to be a mountainous area. Sitting next to a throw pillow that says “Save The Bees” with little bumble bees flying around it. It all feels homey, but detached, and that’s why he finally gives in to calling Dean. The one and only thing Jimmy fucking remembers from before waking up in that hospital.
It’s Sam who recovers from the information overload first. “So, that day, with Jimmy - what happened after that? For you, Gabe. And for Jimmy. Obviously, I know what happened with Dean and Cas. At least short-term wise.”
"Shhh," sir whispers, his tone gentle and caring. Castiel tries to push forward, wanting to prove himself, but sir keeps Castiel's head firmly in place. "Slow down. No need to rush. Let yourself enjoy it. You like it, angel, don’t you?"
“Just - I’m really sorry, Castiel. I’m not a threat, okay? I fucking promise. I’m not after him. But he’s - you smell - you know?”
Hiking my bag higher up on my shoulder, I give myself a 5 second pep-talk and head inside. Students filter in all around me. Uncle Bobby was right. Everyone seems to know each other.
“How old were you in it?” he asks, because that’s usually how he can tell what the nightmare is about. The doctor knows Castiel’s nightmares well. It took a while to pry all the details from him, since Castiel isn’t particularly talkative – especially when they first started – but he knows now. He knows that when Castiel is young – eight or nine – that the nightmare is watching his father use Dean as a personal slave. He knows when Castiel is thirteen or fourteen, that the nightmare is Castiel being trained, Dean as the practice dummy. He knows that when Castiel is older – eighteen or nineteen – it’s him using Dean to assert his authority to the others, since he just inherited the company. Him using Dean for…
The man takes a breath that may or may not be shaky before saying, “Have a safe flight,” without looking back at him. Dean just stares at the man’s back, watching as he removes his gloves and tosses them in the garbage by the door.
I press my hand into the mattress by his head and lean down to press my lips to his, my free hand finding the outside of his thigh. The skin there is so fucking soft and warm, I think I could stroke there forever. Though I’m sure all of him feels like that. I suppose I’ll just have to conduct research. A whole lot of research.
Castiel shrugs a shoulder. “A lot of people were. It wasn’t a date party, it was a stupid cupid party.”
“I just-” Dean hangs his head, moving the phone away from his mouth for a moment as he continues to force air into his lungs. He sniffles again, fresh tears falling down his cheeks. “Maybe this was a mistake.”
“I - yes?” Benny smirks, and his cheeks turn rosy. It’s quite adorable considering the man is at least 200 pounds and way too badass to be blushing. He looks over at Dean before back at Castiel. “No? Whatever will make you not tease me about it for the rest of our lives?”
Castiel's heart pounds in his ears, his breath hitching. "Y - yes. I'm sorry. I just wasn't, uh - wasn't expecting you to know Dean."
“Dean,” Castiel whimpers. Then he releases a sob. It’s choked and wrecked and fucking beautiful. He falls forward, grabbing onto Dean for dear life as he lets go against his chest.
Castiel never loses that sense of wonder. Every year that follows, when they have their 3rd of July party and firework show, he stares up at the fireworks like it’s his first time seeing them.
“I’m going to spank you,” Dean declares. “Then I’m going to make you come. How does that sound, boy? You like that plan?”
Tammy is now resting his forehead against Dean's shoulder, using him as an anchor while Dean works his cock. He sighs, the sound almost… happy. "Wanna kill you, sir."
The sass once again catches Dean by surprise but he recovers quickly, pinching Castiel's ass. "You're a brat, ya know that?"
Once he’s soaked in the two of us, his skin shiny and warm, my wolf practically purring, I press a kiss to his temple and ask, “You still awake, sweetheart?”
A headache starts to form in Castiel’s forehead. All he really cares about, though, is one thing. “Are you going to keep doing that?”
When Castiel comes out of the changing room this time, Dean groans. He’s wrapped in red lace this time. It brings out his blush, as well as his pretty pink lips. It looks fucking gorgeous against his flawless pale skin too.
Dean had seemed to love it. He hadn't safeworded, and even though things were intense, there shouldn't have been much pain. He was in subspace. The real one.
“And not get a good morning kiss?” He scoffs, a smile twisting his lips into his cheek as he tries to fight it. “No chance.”
It’s because of Dean’s distress, not Castiel’s, that Castiel whispers, “Just tell me what to do. I’m too tired to think about any of it. I trust you.”
When the doctor says nothing, Castiel returns to staring at the paisley rug. It takes a few minutes. Then, a smile is curling his own lips. “
Castiel was rarely allowed to attend events for his father's organization. His father claimed it was to keep him safe, but Castiel realized as he got older it had more to do with his father being ashamed of him. Castiel wasn't someone his father ever wanted to display. To show off. To connect to the family name.
I watch Dean move in the window, my heart skipping in a panic until I realize he's just getting more comfortable. The boy has every right to go to sleep. In fact, he should. He's human. It's not healthy. But tonight… God, tonight, it feels so fucking good to be able to see him in the glow of the full moon.
I roll over to find myself pressed up against a firm, warm body. The gorgeous man stretched out on his back is naked from the waist up, a pair of sweatpants slung low on his hips before the rest of him disappears beneath the blankets. I find myself slightly fascinated by the sight of his strong chest slowly moving up and down as he breathes. Then I’m fascinated by the dips that run on each side of his pelvic area. And then how soft his lips look. And then how long his dark eyelashes are as they rest against his cheek. And then how big his hands are as I remember how great they felt manhandling me during my heat.
Dean gets down on a knee again. He cups Castiel’s cheek and lifts his face so their eyes are at the same level. “Open your eyes, Castiel. Look at me.”
All Castiel does is nod, his hand fiddling with the hem of his boxers. Dean picks up the hand and moves it away from the injuries, then grabs Castiel's chin and gently guides his face until they’re eye to eye again. “Don’t think about it right now. Just let go. I’m right here. I’m taking care of everything.”
Dean's expression is full of understanding. If they weren't complete strangers, Castiel would swear he even sees a hint of protectiveness in it. "No one gets hurt under my roof. I'd expect the same from all of my men."
Dean chuckles darkly. “You’ll come at the very end of the night, if you’re a good boy for me. I want you horny and needy and desperate for me.”
Burgers and milkshakes from a pancake house are delicious. More than delicious. Jimmy is sure a different word exists, but if he ever learned it, he’s forgotten.
Castiel shrugs a shoulder and gives him a half-smile. "We haven't established rules yet. And yes, it's the beer you had at the restaurant. You seemed to have liked it."
"I promise you, Castiel." Dean gives him a slow, lingering kiss before pulling away. "Now go get me more coffee because you spilled mine. Get yourself some too. Come sit with me."
“You want to get fucked now? Want me to make you come?” When Castiel’s eyes go wide, sir chuckles and shakes his head. “Not here. Back in the playroom. Just us, sweetheart. You want that?”
What I don't expect is for the wolf to lick its pink tongue along my forearm and across my fingers before gently ducking its head until my hand is between its ears. It does a little shimmy and presses in closer.
“Mhm. I’m feeling experimental.” Dean goes down on a knee so their faces are just inches apart. “I'm gonna see how long it takes before you fall apart. Push your limits. Test you. Can you do that for me, Castiel? Can you be a good boy and let me push you?”
I try to keep myself from getting too excited as I ask, "So, we can be friends? Maybe something more? Like we were before?"
Something heavy slams against my door. It sounds like a body. The whimper that follows is wolf-like. I hope it’s one of the bad wolves and not a Novak. I can still feel Castiel’s thread, so that must be a good sign at least, right? At the very least, he has to be alive if I can still sense him. It’s weak, but it’s all I have to cling to so…
Castiel splutters. Then he stands up and raises his chin, doing a surprisingly good impression of a dominant. It’s quite adorable. “We’re eating Oreos. Now.”
Guilt floods Castiel’s expression. The sight of it makes Dean’s stomach twist painfully. “I kept all of the money I had, which was more than enough to live off of. I’m just no longer getting any new income from the business.”
"Why don't you guys try and be normal? Worst case scenario, you go into heat about a month from now. Hopefully you go a few months without dealing with it. That buys you time."
“Yeah. Kind of felt good, as stupid as that probably sounds. Once I got out of the psych ward, everyone sort of swept it under the rug, besides Gabe. We weren't allowed to talk about it. My dad wanted it to seem like it never happened. He pretty much controlled and watched my every move from then on. No need for meds or therapy if I never get the chance to do it again, right?
The plan works. Once his plate is nearly empty, Castiel stands up and clears his place at the table. He rinses his dishes and runs the garbage disposal. Then, with a final look around to make sure no one is paying attention, he starts walking toward the archway in the corner. There’s no pause in the conversation between Dean and Benny, besides the occasional interruptions by other members that have an opinion. No one notices his absence.
“Okay.” Castiel starts to scroll, taking his time. He even consults his journal once to check the definition of something. Dean makes a mental note to reward him later for how good of a boy he is. “So, again, no branding or the - the - ya know,
“Now, since my sassy boy pointed out how hard it is to come up with words for things, I suppose we can stop playing that game.”
. Castiel blushes as he realizes it’s probably not actually that big. Especially compared to Dean’s cock.
Something breaks in Dean’s expression. He pulls Castiel close, resting his forehead against his. Castiel swears their entire world narrows down to just the two of them. He wants to live there forever.
His blush intensifies but when Castiel tries to look away, Dean traps him between two strong hands. He could close his eyes but he can’t get himself to. It’s like Dean has him in a trance.
Or, worse, they’re giving him shit because they think being gay is funny, and they’re under the impression Benny is straight. Which he might be. But either way, I’m not straight in the least, I’m as fucking crooked as the line gets, and the last thing I want is my new friend group to be made out of a bunch of homophobes.
What Dean finds is… well, he’d say surprising but he shouldn’t even be surprised because every single person in this house is already obsessed with his fiance and the fact that this is what Castiel’s day of wedding planning has turned into just… really shouldn’t be surprising.
My mom sighs, rubbing a hand over her face. We both have valid points. Whether I can handle going tonight is a 50/50 chance. But I want to try. I
“I know, baby. But you’ve earned it. You go right ahead. Fill me up. Show me what a good boy you can be.”
“What a stupid thing I said,” I declare, feeling the slick collecting between my cheeks in that starting-to-be-familiar way.
Castiel is standing a foot or so away, staring down at the ground. He's shaking violently as he tries to button his pants multiple times. His fingers just keep slipping, though.
Dean sticks his tongue out at him, something Castiel still hasn’t gotten used to yet. He likes the sassy brat inside of Dean but it’s just so damn different than what he’s been used to all of his life.
“It’s fine,” Castiel chokes out. He’s having a hard time calming his racing heart, but it’s no longer caused by Dean surprising him. It’s Dean himself. Standing there, looking like he walked out of a magazine.
“Cas?” Dean calls as he enters their bedroom. His eyes scan the area and he sees the door to the bathroom just before it’s slammed shut. He heads straight to it and tries the handle. Of course, it’s locked. “Cas? Cas, please, I didn’t - I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“So we’re going to keep that greedy cock of yours restrained until I decide otherwise. Perhaps, next time, you’ll think before being sassy toward sir, hmmm? Remember to be a good boy?”
Frowning, Jimmy tries to remember what he had just seen in his mind. He tries to make sense of it. The room. The screams. The figure. And he tries to understand what any of it has to do with Sam.
Before either of them can argue with me, I push past them and enter the house. I mute most of my senses to keep from drowning in the thick emotions filling the house, particularly the overwhelming grief and rage pouring off of Bobby. I’m feeling enough of those things on my own.
Benny's expression quickly twists into relief. Then guilt. He looks away, his jaw ticking. "Sorry. I - sorry. You've just been so wrapped up in him, boss. And don't get me wrong, I love the kid. We all love him. But… it just feels like you've been dropping the ball a little lately. I'm nervous."
Since it’s the monster playing with him and not Dean, he just shrugs. “Actually, I would, but they’re all sleeping like you should have been. I won’t wake them up just to have to deal with a pathetic little slut like you. I’m more than capable of handling the situation.”
Bobby opens the door and walks out, not even looking back before slamming the door shut. I start to chase after him, refusing to let him leave, refusing to let him take Dean, but my dad stops me with a hand to the back of my neck. I fight him, but he squeezes until the wolf in me whimpers.
Dean shakes his head. “No. Just thinking about how much I - how happy I am,” Dean corrects last minute, his face heating up.
Before returning to his own prep work, Dean turns the speaker on that Castiel showed him earlier, plugging his phone in and playing music. As a Led Zeppelin song fills the kitchen, he returns to his onion and finishes chopping it.
Maybe a good kind of interesting, though. I never liked the city anyway. This could be good for me. It could be one of the best things to happen to me, dad’s death aside.
He settles for guiding Castiel behind him and stepping forward to force Chuck back. He sees Benny move in his peripherals towards Castiel. When he feels a tap on his back to let him know the boy is safe, he steps forward again. And again. Chuck stumbles back. "What are you doing?" the man asks in a harsh whisper. "We're in public!"
Having far too much on his mind to even think about sleeping, Dean rolls out of bed the moment the sun rises, changing into shorts and a shirt and stuffing his feet in his tennis shoes. His security detail silently falls in behind him as he begins running down the long, winding driveway. The steady staccato of rubber against pavement helps calm the chaos in Dean’s head.
“No.” Dean looks over his shoulder at Benny from where he’s standing across the room. “It’s not about John.”
“I loved his dad. We were true mates.” Shit, does that mean - disgust curls in my stomach, which makes my dad laugh. “No, no, no Castiel. I’m not about to admit he’s your half-brother or anything crazy like that. The two of you aren’t related.”
Charlie was drawn out of the conversation as Jo lifted their joined hands to kiss them. Now that all the drama was settled, Charlie grinned, pecked a kiss on Jo’s lips and went back to plugging in wires. Jo ushered the guys to the couch and handed fresh beer bottles to each.
Gradually, the space between them disappeared and their touches became firmer and needier. Castiel’s fingers found their way beneath the fabric of Dean’s boxers and followed the curve of his ass to slide them down. He moved lower on the bed to mouth at firm pecs, allowing the flat of his tongue to linger over Dean’s nipples. He let out a low groan and arched his back, chasing the warmth of Castiel’s tongue as he traced the shape of Castiel’s shoulders and biceps with his hands.
"In D.C., a man found his fiancee in her apartment. The police report says that her heart gave out."
"You are the strongest man I have ever known, Dean. And I'll be here with you, every step of the way. I know you can do this." Castiel started to walk Dean back down the path. "Come on. We need to do this as soon as possible."
"What if it wasn't just a heart attack?" Jack suggested. "Mr Robinson said that she seemed depressed the days before she died. What if she killed herself?"
"What can I say? We got Cas back, you're back home, and Jack's doing pretty well with his powers. It's been a good few months."
Before he could figure out how to broach the subject, Cas did it for him. "Dean, I... You can disregard everything I said. I know you... are not... that way. With, uh... with men. I can assure you, I will not let it affect our relationship and I will not bring it up again." He started to walk towards the door, and all of that fear, all of that dread, drained right out of Dean.
"Dean," it said in a perfect imitation of Castiel's voice. Cas exchanged a glance with Dean, who seemed just as confused and freaked out as the angel.
"Now, Jack, you need to keep stirring or else it'll stick," Cas advised, still pretending Dean wasn't there.
"What the hell?" Sam and Dean had arrived at the city's morgue and were now investigating the three victims. "What kind of animal does this?"
The boys thought the grey concrete and steel of the building was too boring for the holidays, so they hung up multicoloured fairy lights throughout the whole bunker. But what was really impressive was the tree.
All of a sudden, Cas' vision went black. The last thing he saw was the signet ring on Kane's finger, right on the outside of his fist.
"Dean, I'm here now. And I intend to stay here, no matter what." Castiel leaned in and hugged Dean. They stayed like that for a while, until they decided to go back to the motel.
"This." Cas surprised Dean by rushing forward and kissing the hunter, desperate, yet sweet. Dean's eyes widened, but he soon melted into the kiss, completely forgetting all of his surroundings. His only thought was that Cas' lips tasted like mint - refreshing and electrifying his entire body.
At this point, Castiel began to feel a lump in his throat from looking at Dean, so he simply nodded.
"Well, the legend also says I got a bit... murderous towards the end of my life. But I swear to you, none of that was true. The police thought I killed a bunch of people, so I had to get away. I've been hiding since... well, about the seventeenth century."
"Cas, you are going to love this," Dean said, leading the angel through crowds of people on Fremont Street to watch the light show. Sam was back in the brothers' hotel room (Cas had a separate one) because he "wanted to watch a documentary". During Vegas week.
Jack tried to wrap his head around that. "Hang on. Demons are just souls, like corrupted ghosts. How do you even exist?"
"Cas... what are you doing?" Dean was very aware of the fact that neither he nor Castiel were actually wearing anything.
Once Sam and Jack were both asleep in the backseat, Cas started to talk. "So, you told Jack yesterday?"
He heard quiet shifting noises, which meant Dean probably wasn't asleep yet, which was good. Cas knew Dean was an angry sleeper, like a bear.
"Now Cas, when we go in there, I want you to let me handle it." The two men had been driving for about ten hours already, and all they could talk about was what they were about to do.
"Now, Mr Robinson, can you think of anyone who would want to hurt Sarah? Any enemies?" Sam decided to take over questioning with Castiel so Dean could supervise Jack.
"Alright, I guess you've all waited long enough." Dean left the room to put on his costume and came back about ten minutes later.
"Well, I was hiding out in England when a friend of mine said he'd heard of the world's greatest hunters in America. I contacted some of my mum's friends over here and they said they knew where you were. I figured it was worth a shot."
"Wow, you really thought I could be killed that easily? And they say you and your brother were some of the best hunters. Ha!"
Standing in front of the brothers was an - in a different way than Castiel - angelically handsome boy of about 18 or 20. He was tall and wiry, with short black floppy hair and dark brown eyes. He was dressed like a normal person - black ripped jeans and a button-up - but he had an... older air to him. He raised his hand. "Hello."
"That's for my brother, you dick." Dean stepped back, thinking it was over until Kane started laughing.
The room was empty. The only evidence that any life-threatening cosmic entities had even been there was the open door, the sigil still smouldering.
"Nope." Dean stood up and grabbed his jacket. "Jack, Cas, we found a case. Might be gone for a couple of days. Let's go, Sammy."
"I know. But right now we just have to wait for Mom to wake us up." Dean and Cas sat on the couch in Cas' memory and held each other until they woke up in the real world dungeon in front of each other.
"Goddamn it Cas, I love your eyes," Dean said while he sat across from his best friend, barely five inches between them. Of course, this wasn't the first time Dean was realizing this. He'd had feelings for Cas for about nine years now, but nothing had happened between them other than friendship.
"Castiel, you son of a bitch. I've fought by your side, I've been right behind you for, what is it, nine years now? And you can't even turn around and LISTEN TO ME?" Dean screamed the last words because it was the only way to keep his voice steady.
"Cas, I-" Dean stopped short. He was about to say something meaningless, something he knew he'd regret later on. He felt his eyes burning, his vision slowly blurring at the edges, but he pressed on. "Thank you. Thank you. God, thank you." He felt his knees threatening to give out; at the same moment, he heard something behind him.
When they were done with the lasagna, each of them took a piece of the pie. They started to dig in, which is when things started to go wrong.
"Well, three people got gored in a forest. Cops are saying it's a wild deer, but get this: they all had wounds in their calves."
"Oh, I discovered this thing called 'Wattpad' while you guys were out. Dean, what does 'Destiel' mean?"
Jack came running down the hallway to Dean's "man cave," to which he had added a couch so they could have movie nights. "What are we watching tonight?"
"Oh, yes. Yes, yes. Well, I show up in my real form, and you freak out, rip out your own eyes, et cetera. That would be embarrassing, wouldn't it? For both of us."
Dean turned the radio up, determined to celebrate with his favourite person in the world. He changed it to one of his presets, and an old familiar song came on.
"Alright, fine." Rowena took out her ingredients and began the spell. In about half an hour, Dean no longer had the ears of a donkey, yet he felt... strange.
A/N: Hey, Ryan here. I've had this thing in the works since like last summer, and I for some reason haven't finished it until now, but I wanted to publish something for Dean's birthday, so here ya go. Enjoy!
"Cas, man... Jack and I need you to come back. I need you back. Please, Cas. I can't go on without you."
The kiss started to get more heated, which is when Cas stopped the memory. "I think you can guess what happened next," Castiel said with a shy smile. And Dean could, because the rest of the memory came back to him, more or less. Let's just say Dean didn't really top.
Lunging toward the angel, he tackled him to the ground, shielding Cas's body with his own. He could hear Billie trying to run towards them, but the low sloshing of the Shadow changed its pitch. It was moving away from them, towards Billie.
"Sure, Dean." Jack left, and Dean sighed in relief. Tonight was the night he and Cas planned to tell Jack, and Dean had no idea how he was going to manage that.
Going through Castiel's mind was like opening your eyes underwater. Dean could only make out rough shapes, but after a while, he found a clear memory. Cas was teaching Jack how to make pasta in the bunker's kitchen.
"For the last time, I'm not going to massacre you," Kane said, annoyed. "Can I please have a sandwich?"
"Yes, which is when I knew neither Jack nor your brother would be awake." Castiel started to kiss Dean, slowly moving his mouth.
"Because it is." Those three words held an apology, a freedom, a second chance, a farewell. Dean inhaled, ready to argue, ready to say anything, but Castiel speaks before he can. "I love you." His face hardened in determination, his jaw trembling but his eyes clear of any regret or guilt.
Cas chuckled dryly. He decided he didn't have anything to lose by letting Dean know what had really happened. "Sorry, not possessed again. I'm still me, just a little... adjusted. You can thank Kane for that, by the way."
"Not as beautiful as you." Dean smiled at Cas and kissed him, which turned into slightly making out.
Cas, meanwhile, was too shocked to follow him yet. He had been in love with the hunter all this time too, and it had been so long, he didn't think either one of them would ever make a move. He was standing in a hurricane of disbelief, joy and confusion. Finally, Cas worked through his emotions enough to move and stood at Dean's door, listening.
Dean's eyes dropped to the ground. Of course, this new Castiel couldn't understand Dean's complexities anymore, but he guessed Dean was ashamed. Which Cas could definitely work with.
"Yeah, I guess. Come on in." Dean moved aside to let Cas through the doorway, closing the door behind him. "What did you want to talk about?"
Kane chuckled. "You're one to talk. Chuck told me about some of the things you and your 'family' have done. I mean, letting out Lucifer? The leviathan? Giving Dean the Mark of Cain? You four are like the poster boys of bad decisions." Kane laughed again and crouched down in front of Cas. "No wonder Chuck wants to 'reprogram' you."
Dale, still stubbornly wanting to prove his friend wrong, tried to keep Dean talking. "So, uh, you were sayin'? Charred chest cavities?"
Dean buried his head in Castiel's shoulder. "I was so scared, Cas." His voice was muffled. "I was scared you were dead. Or worse."
Castiel's body was racked with dry sobs. He turned and almost knocked Dean over with the force of his embrace. He held onto Dean so tight, he was afraid he would crush him. But he couldn't help it. He was scared Dean wasn't real.
Gradually, the boys began to trust Kane more and more. They started to look at him less like a threat and more like a little brother. They didn't know why, but something about him just seemed so... familiar.
Dean was silent for a moment. "Whatever. Time to sleep." Dean turned off his bedside lamp and snuggled closer to Castiel.
"Okay, whatever you say. Just don't come cryin' to me." Rowena dug in her bag and pulled out something that looked like garlic. "This," she held it up, "is galangal root. It must be burned, mixed with dragon's tears, crushed, and inhaled."
Even so, Dean remembered the overwhelming wave of unfamiliar feelings he came to know. He could only imagine that wave was thousands of times more powerful. Almost suffocating.
"I've got you beat. I heard," Jim leaned in close and lowered his voice like it was a secret, "that he's dating an angel." He leaned back away and took a drink of his beer.
Interesting, Jim thought. Very interesting. Looks like I should hold off on making dinner for Jordan tonight.
"Oh, save it. I have tiptoed through all your little tulips. Your memories, your little feelings, yes. I know what you hate." The entity lowered its voice. "I know who you love... what you fear. There is nothing for you back there. No. Here. Let me show you." The entity touched Cas's head again, and the same pain began.
Dean was staring at Castiel now, hoping against hope that the angel would get the message Dean was trying to send. And it looked like he did because Dean could see Cas' mind was racing. His eyes held so many emotions, some of them Dean had never seen before. They were flickering back and forth, almost like he was looking past the room.
"Cas, you've gotta listen to me," Dean tried again, placing his hand on Castiel's shoulder. Cas flinched at the touch, but he regained his composure so quickly that no one else would have noticed it.
"Rowena, wait." Jack stopped her before she could get out the door. "We might still need your help. Please."
"Yeah. But first, I wanted to play you a song that Sam found a while ago. I think you'll like it." Dean had been planning this moment for days, going over it in his head and bouncing ideas off of Sam until he got tired of his brother and made Jack endure Dean's obsessiveness instead.
Sam covered Jack's eyes, who laughed. "Sam, I've heard them having sex before. I don't think this is what's going to scar me for life."
After eating the breakfast the brothers had prepared (French toast, waffles, orange juice, chocolate milk, and fruit), everyone sat down and started opening presents.
Dean held a hand up. "Don't worry about it, man. Actually, uh..." He cleared his throat, standing up and pulling on a green jacket. "I think we're gonna head out. I'm beat, and I'm sure Cas is, too. Thanks for the beer, and the conversation." He smiled gratefully before turning towards the door, the angel following suit.
Once Dean had gotten perfectly uncomfortable, he started trying to get out the right words. Sam, being the good brother he is, didn't try to force Dean into saying anything.
"Yeah, Jack, good idea." Sam still had that laugh-y voice, but he was calming down. He pulled out his phone and dialled the red-haired witch. "Hey, Rowena. Dean got in a fight with a witch. No, no, he's alive, he's just... having a problem. Yeah, we're in Buffalo. Okay, see you then."
"Okay, let's start with why you even trust this guy." Dean was pacing around the kitchen after Jack joined them. He had left Kane in the study and went to tell his "fathers" what they had talked about.
Dean watched the scene play out in front of him. It definitely felt familiar, but it was still a little fuzzy.
"Dean, you can't pretend nothing is going on between you two. I see it, I'm sure Sam and Jack see it, too."
"Dean, stop blaming yourself. And we'll get Cas back. We always do." Of course, this was all Sam could do right now, just try and give his big brother hope. But the truth was, Sam had no idea how they were going to get Cas back, especially if Kane was working for Chuck. "Come on, let's get a good night's sleep and we'll start looking for him first thing."
"Alright, guys. Here's what I'm thinking so far. Jealous woman finds her fiance cheating. She poisons the mistress, then poisons herself. She just gave herself a higher dose." The coroner, a short, balding, middle-aged man was pacing around the morgue.
"No. She would barely even talk to me. Even when she did, she didn't seem like... she was all there. Like she was thinking about something else."
Of course, the entire Heavenly Host was built to be soldiers of the Lord; unwavering, unoriginal, trusting orders they didn't feel the need to question. Castiel was the same.
"Dean, you can't kill me. I love you." By this point, Dean's eyes had literally expanded to about twenty times their normal size, as had Cas's. Sam was just very confused.
"You mean that bastard... he brainwashed you?" Dean was so close to shattering. The angel blade threatened to slip out of his hand.
Sam looked shocked, but not angry or disapproving. In fact, when he got over his initial shock, he started smiling. "I thought it'd be the end of the world before you two finally got together. Oh man, I owe Mom fifty bucks."
"How'd you find the thing, though?" Dale asked, grasping at anything to continue the conversation. He would not go down this easy.
"Okay, fine. I'll rack it for you." The entity placed its hand on Castiel's head. Cas screamed in pain, he felt like his entire head was on fire.
So I've had this thing on Wattpad for a while and posted it there originally (this is actually my first foray into AO3, it's not as confusing as it was before which is good). So anyway uh give me feedback! I may revisit this later - I know it is not my best work by a long shot, but it's one of the first stories I've ever finished so I'm proud of that.
Dean lifted Cas's chin with a single finger, kissing him until he smiled. "Cas, you never have to pretend around me. I know you're not the most... well-versed in human things, but if you don't know about something, just ask me." He smiled and kissed Cas again before realizing that he left Sam outside in the car, waiting for him. "Damn it. I have to go. Let's pick this back up when I get back, okay?" He kissed Cas again and left the bunker, a giant smile plastered on his face the whole drive to the murder scene.
"Of course, Dean. I'll just wait here then." Castiel ended the call and sat down on a rock. Kane clapped dramatically.
"Yeah, sure, Jack. Sit down." Cas pulled out a chair for Jack in the bunker's study. "What's your question?"
Dean had to be sure not to make this "not-thinking-just-acting" thing a habit, but in the present situation, it was his only choice. Thinking about it too much was guaranteed to end in him chickening out, and he couldn't risk that.
"I know, Cas. But right now, I need sleep. Goodnight." He kissed Cas' forehead and allowed his angel to rest his head on Dean's chest.
"Yeah, not so scary now, are you, Bugs," Dean taunted the jackalope once it was safely in a cage. "Now, then. Back to the bunker?"
They taught him about family, and how it doesn't end in blood. About how you don't leave family behind. About how you love them with all your being, even if they infuriate you.
"Well, then? Go on, dig in." The five of them sat down and began to eat. Sam, of course, had mostly salad.
"Yeah, he could be, but why would he kill the man he was having an affair with? I mean, he could be not human, but that doesn't give him a for-sure motive."
Castiel woke up in the dungeon. Dean stood in front of him, eyes blazing. "Get out of him, you son of a bitch," he growled.
"Why haven't we been doing this for years?" Dean asked Cas as they were falling asleep. Well, Dean was falling asleep. Cas was laying with Dean until he woke up the next morning.
"Come on, you two and your brother saved the world, probably more times than any of us know. It's the least we can do."
"Sure." Mary nodded and left the room, silently praying her son would be okay. He had been through so much in the past few months.
One day, a few weeks after he'd arrived at the bunker, Kane decided he should make everyone dinner, as a show of good faith. He even made Dean pie.
"Hello, Dean." Cas didn't seem like he noticed anything wrong, except for the complete and utter panic on Dean's face. "Are you okay?"
"She could be, but angry spirits are born of violent deaths. Heart attacks don't exactly scream 'violent, horrific murder' to me."
While Dean was away on hunts, Castiel liked to learn as much as he could about his favourite human and his interests. Unfortunately, Cas was not very familiar with the wide, wide world of sports, nor did he care much for them. But he cared for Dean, so he put in as much effort as he could.
"Jack, why do you even want to celebrate Halloween?" Cas and Jack were in the kitchen on October 1st. Dean was passed out in the study and Sam had fallen asleep at nine o'clock after eating a salad like the health nut he is.
"Yeah, sure." Dean pulled over and they switched seats. Castiel wasn't so good at keeping his eyes on the road either, not with Dean sleeping so beautifully in the seat beside him.
"Put me on speaker." Cas obliged, and the three hunters - well, two hunters and Cas - leaned in to listen, even though Rowena was loud enough that they could hear her through the bunker walls.
Rowena was laughing as hard as Sam once she saw Dean. "Wow, Dean, now you really are an ass!" Jack and Sam laughed at that. Cas was just concerned, and Dean was annoyed. "Tell me, where'd Shrek go?"
Castiel held him in mock sympathy, letting him cry out his grief and regret. "I know. I miss him, too."
"Dean." Cas looked Dean in his perfect, soft green eyes. "When I was in the Empty, the entity went through my brain. He told me he knew who I loved, and what I feared. Dean, the only thing I fear is losing you."
Cas left the room with a muttered "Alright," which was when Kane decided to talk about things other than food.
Cas softly tugged at Dean's hair, pulling away after a few seconds. His face was flushed and his lips glossy, a serene smile sitting on them.
Jack hadn't brought up Dean and Cas being together since the day after Cas came back, which Dean was grateful for. However, it also made Dean anxious. Part of him just wanted Jack to find out about him and Cas on accident, or confront Dean about it so he didn't have to think about it so much. Because every time he tried to tell Jack, something held him back.
"We'll lose." Dean paced the room slowly, hopeless. "I just led us into another trap, all because I couldn't hurt Chuck. Because I was angry and because I just needed something to kill, and because that's all I know how to do."
"Thank you, Dean." Cas looked surprised at the statement, but he had never really been well-versed in human communications or expressions (even unconscious ones) of love, so he didn't see how much Dean was trying to say with that one comment.
"I know. I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken. You're 'daddy's blunt instrument.' And you think that hate and anger, that's... That's what drives you, that's who you are. It's not. And everyone who knows you see it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are. You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know." He smiled, fully crying now. "You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell... Knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack... I cared about the whole world because of you." He laughed sadly as a tear traced its way down his cheek. "You changed me, Dean."
Castiel laid his hand on Dean's, something he thought conveyed affection. He softly made circles with his thumb. After a few minutes, Dean started to open up. "Cas, I just... I don't know what to do anymore. I mean, so many times, me and Sam have been sacrificing ourselves for each other, sacrificing the world for each other. And I'd do it a thousand times, but... I can't do this. Everyone we love, everyone in the whole freaking world, they're gonna suffer because I'm being selfish. But do we even know for sure if Chuck is going to stop? I can't just... kill Sam for nothing."
"Seriously, man? You were betting on us?" But Dean couldn't keep up his fake-anger. Soon enough, he grinned. "Anyway, thanks for being cool about it. I didn't know what you were going to say."
“You’re right. You don’t deserve them.” John hung his head, but Castiel continued. “I’ve only known your family for a few weeks, and they’ve been nothing short of amazing. You have no idea, do you? No idea how brave and strong and smart your sons are? Sam is ambitious and loyal to a fault. And Dean—Dean is—is the kindest man I’ve ever met. He’s sincere and sweet. He’s funny, and he’s strong. And he’s brave. He’s
“Oh, the pleasure is mine,” he told Ellen. “I’m very happy to know Dean has such a great family.” Her eyes filled with sentiment and she hugged Castiel once more before moving back to her chopping board.
and anyone that truly knew him knew that by offering Castiel a couple of keys, he was really offering much, much more. As for the Novaks that didn’t know him quite so well yet, the reactions of the others made it quite clear—this was big.
Meg groaned, cutting Castiel off. “Ugh, I don’t know how he does it. Kids running around and having to entertain them like some kind of clown all day? No thank you. I’ll stick with the geezers upstairs.”
That brought Dean back to reality. “Really? That’s great news.” A smile spread across his face as he pointed toward the door. “I hate to run already, but…”
“Well, well. I see we have a visitor,” came Bobby’s voice from the stairs. The man wore a tattered baseball cap and flannel, and though he didn’t wear a smile, his presence was a friendly one. “Hello, darlin’, we haven’t been introduced,” he addressed Charlie. “Bobby Singer. And who might you be?”
“I think Charlie’s persistence is finally paying off,” Sam laughed, picking up his bottle and taking a draw, the annoyance from earlier finally melting from his face.
reacted to him. He knew, by the way, that you would be the one that rejected him. He was afraid to tell you. He was so happy that the rest of his friends and family accepted him—so happy—but he knew that you wouldn’t.”
The others laughed, shaking their heads. “I wouldn’t say that,” Dean answered, thinking of many, many Sundays past. Though their dinners were routine, they were far from formal.
“Trust me, you’re both better off,” Dean commented matter-of-factly. “Hey, Jo! Can we get another round?”
Castiel’s bed had been shoved aside. In the center of the room, blankets, sheets, and a variety of things that Dean recognized from around the bunker were arranged in a circle on the floor. He could see his missing pillow and his favorite red flannel that had gone missing last week in the centermost part of the circle. Along the outside, there were random objects lining the perimeter: his Batman mug, Sam’s headphones, candles and assorted bottles…
“I’m pretty sure this isn’t the best place for you to be right now,” Castiel said, standing off to one side. The man didn’t answer immediately, though his eyes surveyed Castiel as though trying to decide a plan of action.
“Oh! Hey!” Charlie grinned as he stepped aside to let them in from the rain. She looked around, as she hauled her bags onto the kitchen island beside a stack of pizza boxes. It appeared that Castiel was there alone. “I didn’t see any cars in the driveway, wasn’t sure anyone was here. Where’s Dean?”
, he was even more beautiful. “Hey, Cas.” He paused, closing his eyes for a moment to pull himself together. “You—you look—you—wow.” They stood, smiling awkwardly for a moment in the doorway.
Almost lost in the downpour, Dean spotted a Cas-shaped figure moving down the driveway. He didn’t hesitate. Instead, he jogged off into the storm. Cas had gotten a decent head-start, but after a few very wet minutes Dean caught up.
“Don’t be stupid. You know you’re welcome any time. Besides,” Dean said with a grin, “we always have Cas’s place.”
He’d said these exact words before, and from the smile blooming across Castiel’s face, Dean knew that he recognized them.
Castiel nodded, but the look on his face showed worry. He sighed. “He’s upset about how it all happened, but he’s holding it together.”
, of course.” He lowered his voice dramatically, winking as he said, “Boudoir shoot with a hot nurse, if you know what I mean.”
Sam raised his brows in question, looking between the two of them, though Dean thought he saw the subtle hint of a smirk. “Oh? What is it?”
“Promised Jody I’d help her out locating a vamp nest in her area.” He looked at his watch. “She’s gonna be calling soon.”
On Thursday, Dean’s phone pinged, and he smiled as he reached in his pocket to check the message. His smile faded just a little, though, when he realized that the text wasn’t from Castiel, but from Sam.
“I’m here, Cas. I’m here,” he breathed as he cupped Castiel’s face, stroking his thumbs over Castiel’s cheekbones. “You’re gonna be okay.”
He ignored yet another phone call, this time from Sam, and made his way back to the counter. Donna, apparently overhearing most of the conversation, had his pie boxed and waiting for him while she stared daggers at Lisa.
As John started browsing through the refrigerator, Dean made his way into the bedroom, closing the door behind him. He kicked off his boots and sunk down onto a corner of the bed, letting himself fall backward before covering his face with a pillow.
“Dean—” He didn’t make it any further, as Dean abruptly wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist, burying his face in the man’s chest. Seeing a worried Castiel at his door had kickstarted his brain, and he was suddenly flooded with something that felt very much like grief.
Dean nods his head in the direction of Castiel's body. "He had way too much. Some asshole was practically molesting him while he was barely conscious downstairs. I'm gonna let him sleep it off in my room."
"Absolutely." Castiel squeezes Dean's hand and gives him what he hopes is a reassuring smile. "After what we've been through? I think we can handle some harsh truths."
"No." I grab his hand, pressing it harder against my face. My voice trembles as I beg, "Stay here. With me. All night."
When Dean begins to push Castiel onto his back, the boy is pliant and easily moved. He just lays there on the wet concrete, arms extended across the flooring above his head, one leg still forced into a bend, the other spread out lazily, his cock so hard Dean can watch his pulse as it bobs, precum leaking from around the sound, skin varying shades of pink and red, chin covered in drool, lips looking swollen from sucking cock, his hole still stuffed with the massager that has run out of battery.
There’s a burgundy leather box-like thing. It has metal hooks on the outsides, a headrest like you’d see on a massage chair, and a hole in it about the size of a fist.
He laughs loudly. “None of it, I suppose. You’re sort of a loser. But it worked out in the end anyway, so who cares, right?”
knowing I’m taking care of you. Knowing I’m giving you what you want - or sometimes what you need, because they can be different even if that frustrates you, which, trust me brat, it will. If I give you a set of rules that just make you more anxious or expect things from you that you won’t like, then I’m not doing that. I’m not taking care of you or giving you what you want and need. Does that make sense?”
It’s almost laughable that one of the people he’s warning me off of is the boy who made me promise him - twice - that I’d stay safe. Except, it’s not laughable at all. Because Castiel is confusing. Because Castiel’s family seemed angry when they first saw me. Because my dad hated this town, and my uncle hates them, and I can’t help but think the two things are connected.
I breathe it all in, sighing in relief when they take root. “The next time you have a chance, the very next time, you need to kiss Dean. If you can keep yourself under control, kiss along his mating gland. It should push him over the edge. I have no idea how in the hell he hasn’t presented already, but that should be the final straw for his omega.”
. At the last minute, he drapes a flannel blanket over his shoulder before heading back out with the coffees.
“God, you’re cute,” Dean whispers in his ear, turning him around so they’re looking at each other. He smiles proudly down at Castiel.
Tammy shakes his head, another cry falling from his lips despite Dean not touching him. "Just to watch, s-"
Castiel can't do anything but whimper. He's painfully hard now, and he knows Dean is aware. His boner is pressed against Dean's right thigh, and it's not shy.
Charlie is wearing an all white suit with a fucking cape that looks just like the veil that Kevin is wearing, with the brightly colored embroidered flowers all along the edges of it. This outfit also includes a crown, though slightly different.
Dean barely even hesitates. “It went surprisingly good. I found it entertaining, which probably makes me a dick… but he was just cute, trying to figure things out.”
The moment his eyes find me and Jack, he’s barreling forward. “Which one of you fuckers is a black wolf?”
“Oh.” Castiel smiles slowly. When it finishes growing, it’s a full-blown grin, wide enough to make his cheeks ache. “Okay.”
“He has a compound where he handles more… private business. The kind you wouldn’t read about online. He keeps his slaves there. His men-” Castiel stops, shaking his head.
One of Dean’s favorite things is his meetings with his enforcers. These are the men who let him know who needs to be put in their place, and how they want to do it. The men who Dean can give a name to, and they’ll go handle it. It was always entertaining for him, in a sick and twisted way, to sit on a comfortable couch drinking scotch with his men while debating the pros and cons of kidnapping and torturing someone, or just outright killing them. Debating whether they should burn or carve their crest into the skin of the victim, sending a message, or if they should make it look like it’s not mafia related.
Hoping Dean isn’t lurking around in the suite for any reason, Castiel drops all pretenses of acting cool and practically sprints to the playroom. His hand shakes as he reaches for the handle, and he has to remind himself twice that Dean gave him permission to go in. He can’t help but think of what happened last time he was in here, though. The things Dean did to him… god, the scene was mind blowing. More than mind blowing. It was fucking… cosmic.
“New game,” Dean says in a cold, detached voice that brings goosebumps to Castiel’s skin. He makes a mental note that although Dean can handle a bratty sub, Dean won’t let it slide. Castiel is definitely going to keep that in mind for future reference. “Put more of your weight on your knees. I’m about to cut the rope loose that’s tied to the loop above you.”
It’s like a whole new man has sat down at the table with Dean. Ever since the bathroom, Castiel’s been smiley and talkative. His muscles are relaxed. He’s finally drinking water and wine, hands no longer trembling. Every breath he takes is calm and easy.
Laughing softly, Dean comes over to the bath and sits down on the last step before the tub begins. He turns sideways to look at Castiel. “Still feelin’ okay?”
Sir turns his chin to glance at the man's body, then looks back at Castiel. He seems to steel himself. "Yes."
“I was also wondering if you’d like to accompany me to my club after,” Dean says slowly and deliberately, wanting to give Castiel time to process.
With a quick hug and a whispered, “Everything’s going to be just fine, son,” my dad leaves me behind and goes to my mom. She takes his hand, giving him a comforting smile before leading him away. My Uncle Luke goes in the opposite direction.
He holds his breath. It takes a few seconds, and then a paddle that feels like it’s wrapped in leather taps against his right ass cheek. It’s solid. Heavy but not too heavy. The texture feels strange against his skin, but also warm and almost… comfortable. Like a caress of sorts.
“You almost lost control today,” Uncle Luke says carefully. “Standing here, right now, you might think it’s ridiculous for us to be worried about this, but today in that store, you were close to losing it.”
The remaining liquid in my mouth goes flying as I sputter. Uncle Bobby just sits back in his seat and smirks.
"Oh…" I fidget, feeling guilty. He's done so much for me over the past few days. So fucking much. But… "Do you mind if I just take it by myself?"
As the teacher begins talking about our upcoming test, I pull up a blank piece of notebook paper and begin to brainstorm what I want to say in return. Just thinking about the note makes me feel giddy. I haven't felt this good since… since dad died, I think. Not counting the euphoria of orgasms during my heat, which doesn't really count.
Face going hot, Dean tries to apologize through his gag. It’s a pathetic attempt, mostly just little noises, which is even more humiliating.
But he's kissing me dizzy, and my body is turning into goo, and there's no room for things like that when my mind is occupied with
"Who wouldn't?" Dean steps forward so he's standing in front of the four-step staircase that leads to a large basin that could easily fit ten people in it. It's about the size of a small jacuzzi. The walls are a light blue color that looks almost white at certain angles, ever so slightly contrasting the two white window-doors that open up to the best view the house has to offer.
With a dark chuckle, Dean reaches over for the nipple clamps he had grabbed earlier. He had grabbed an assortment of things, not entirely sure what he’d end up using. Now that he knows Castiel’s nipples are this sensitive, though, Dean plans on keeping these around.
“Mmm. Okay.” Dean undoes his belt, not even bothering to be quiet, and unzips his pants. He spits - loudly - into the palm of his hand and begins stroking his own erection, moaning at how good it feels.
He also understands that Dean shouldn’t have corrected him this morning. Dean said it was wrong of him to give in to that instinct without thinking it through. Since he’s never done something like this before, Dean didn’t realize they should talk everything out first. He didn’t realize that they'd need to take it slow. Dean’s the one that’s sorry.
Castiel wakes up feeling gross. His throat is raw, his mouth and lips dry, and his body is covered with sweat that's cooled on his skin. He rubs at his eyes and tries to sit up but feels too woozy.
I ignore my wolf, which is much easier than I had anticipated it would be, and focus on my sweet boy. He came again but as I gently stroke his glans, more spurts out of him.
Their voices are muted and far away. I hear something about my heat and peaking soon. I hear the alpha's voice rumbling reassurances to Castiel. I hear Castiel -
“You swore a lot. Called me a fucker.” Jimmy smiles fondly at the memory. “Said you’d kill me if I died.”
“First, I-” Castiel stops and clears his throat, blinking away tears. His eyelashes are damp as he stares down at where Dean is touching him. “First, I took all the pills I could get my hands on. I honestly can’t tell you what they all were. Washed it down with as much alcohol I could stomach, which wasn’t a ton. But it was taking too long, and I started to panic that I did it wrong. So,” he stops. Shrugs.
Dean watches the boy, noticing a shift in him. He keeps looking off to the side, something clearly on his mind. Before Dean can ask what’s wrong, Castiel gets brave enough to address it himself. “Did I not look okay in the other ones?”
“Okay,” Dean says with a soft chuckle, brushing his fingertips along his boy’s red ass cheeks. “Shhh, shhh, shhh. Okay. You’re okay. Just breathe. Sir has you. Sir’s right here, sweetheart.”
"That's a lovely dream world you're living in there, buddy. How about you come join the real world now."
The thought brings him down from the high. Silence wraps around them, choking Jimmy. Bringing tears to his eyes. What if he forgets things again? What if he puts in all this effort to rebuild a life and then it’s taken from him?
My little sister Anna and Charlie the younger sister of Gabe’s mate, are already sitting at our usual table in the cafeteria. It’s always such a trip seeing them together, with Anna in her flowery dresses and pretty bows, and Charlie with her currently blue-streaked hair and leather jacket. The two of them are bickering, per usual. I couldn't care less about what. I just sit down with my stupid tray and my stupid pizza and search the cafeteria for Dean.
“Dean,” Castiel practically growls when a twink that Castiel thinks is much prettier than himself starts practically grinding on the front of his future husband.
In the distance, Dean hears the door to the shop open. Then, in a loud voice, so Dean can hear over his own cries, John says, “You have a choice to make. Me and Sam, or him.”
"Good boys deserve rewards," Dean informs him, his voice suddenly deep and seductive as it washes over Castiel. "Do you want a reward?"
Castiel bites his lip, staring down the spaghetti and meatballs on his plate. It makes his stomach turn. He subtly shakes his head. Apparently, that's all Dean needs from him, because he stands up and pulls Castiel with him. "Ellen, thank you for the meal. We are turning in for the night."
Benny stands up and straightens his clothes as he gets ready to leave. Then he says - so casually Castiel’s slightly convinced he doesn’t hear him correctly - “Adorable. All red cheeks and bitten lips. I’m sure the two of you will have a fantastic night.”
He’d been in charge of closing the garage on Friday since Bobby had taken off early to help Ellen prepare for the Christmas party. Of course, just minutes before locking the door, a customer rolled in with an engine that whined and squealed. Normally Dean would have told the customer that they were closed for the weekend since he’d already sent everyone home, but the woman had a toddler in tow, and she seemed desperate. There was no way he could turn her away.
“I’ve read the books, Cas. I know what this is, okay? I get it... You don’t get to do the whole—,” he gestured upward, “—the whole Heaven thing.” He paused to take a deep breath and turned back to the blanket. “I want to help.”
“Yep. Cas Novak, meet Mary Winchester.” He let out a quick deflating sigh. “She would have loved you.”
Meg simply shrugged and offered a teasing grin. “Don’t worry. I’m the only one doing any biting around here.” Gabriel’s brows shot upward, and Dean began gathering his things.
Castiel, on the other hand, couldn’t wait to get home. He realized that he’d had this same thought a week ago, but he still hadn’t made it there. He had considered then that home had had a whole new meaning—that home was wherever he and Dean could be together—and while he still felt that was true, he missed having a space where he and Dean could just
“Oh, um,” he rubbed the back of his neck in a very Dean-like fashion. “Yeah, we’ll be there,” he answered.
Charlie’s jaw dropped in offense and she gave him a shove. “Oh, come on! It was a first date! We just kissed, geez. What kinda girl do you think I am?” The look on Dean’s face answered that question, so Charlie continued. “Okay, I know what kinda girl I am, but I was on my best behavior! We went to Romano’s and ate dinner, then went back to the Roadhouse and—” She mumbled the end of the sentence so that Dean couldn’t understand what she’d said.
“Y’know, I think Charlie just might be getting somewhere with Jo,” Dean said to Sam as they looked toward the pair at the bar.
thing that makes you pretty darn happy.” She turned her eyes up toward Dean, then back to Castiel with a wide grin. She kissed Castiel on the cheek before standing and kissing Dean on the cheek as well. “Thank you for taking care of him.”
As if on cue, the door to Castiel’s apartment opened and Gabriel let himself in. He didn’t make his usual boisterous entry, instead sinking quietly on the couch beside his brother to stare at the ceiling as well.
“Yeah, that Mrs. Beale seemed pretty shady.” Dean shifted on the bed to get more comfortable. If he happened to have leaned a little toward Cas, well, it was just because he was listening intently. “Ooh, what’s up with Johnny Drake?”
“Dean’s not just a pretty boy, you know,” Castiel said, shooting his older brother a sideways glance.
He stomped the gas pedal, wanting nothing more than to get out of this car and lock himself inside his home and hide from the world for a while. It only took a few minutes before the Impala was kicking up the gravel of his driveway and he was hurrying up the steel stairs.
“Hey, come help us decorate,” Jo called with a grin, but Dean placed a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and shrugged.
. Dean wondered how he would say it himself, how the words would sound in his own voice. He’d never said them out loud before.
“You’re making pie?” Dean asked excitedly. Castiel didn’t think Dean’s smile could get any brighter.
“He’s gonna panic and run,” she sighed. “You should’ve seen him freak out about how hard it was gonna be telling
John shoved the man’s arm away from him, pushing forward once more toward the ambulance. By now, they’d loaded the stretcher into the back bay. As the driver closed the doors, John caught him by the arm.
In the center of the garage, something was covered with a clean white drop cloth. John stood beside it, clearly waiting for them to arrive, while Bobby, Sam, and Gabriel leaned against the workbench.
He hummed along as he collected bottles of soap and towels, tossing them in a bucket, and by the time he was hosing the suds off the hood, he was bouncing back and forth on the balls of his feet, shaking his hips to the rhythm of
He planted a kiss on Castiel’s chest, just over his heart. “Just wishing I didn’t have to leave tonight.”
He hadn’t expected that and didn’t know what to say. “What—? I want you to come back inside, is what I want right now, Cas, c’mon—!”
“I could eat,” she answered, dropping her notepad and pen onto the countertop. “But I know your brother won’t turn down a meal.”
“I’ve heard you’ve been good for our boy. That true?” Bobby gave Dean a little hit with his elbow and Dean gave him a breath of laughter and an emphatic nod. Castiel turned his eyes shyly to his bottle. “Good. That’s all I needed to know,” Bobby said kindly as he clapped Castiel on the shoulder and headed out of the kitchen.
While Dean busied himself under the hood of the truck and John had disappeared into the house, Sam slipped away around the side of the house. He sunk onto an old bench under a shady tree and he pulled out his phone to dial for backup.
“Gabriel and Meg are going to the party,” he said, cutting Dean off. “I’m sure Gabriel won’t mind giving me a ride.” There was a tone of amusement in his voice that told Dean that this had probably been his plan all along, and he was grateful that Cas couldn’t see his reddened face.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand. “Cas is right. We’re so grateful for you guys. Everything that you’ve done since the accident, everything for Cas, everything you did for—for
When they turned into the driveway of their childhood home, Sam was relieved to see that his Charger was the only vehicle in the driveway.
Castiel tilted his head slightly in confusion, and it was the most adorable thing Dean had ever seen. “Ship us? I don’t understand.”
“I love you, too, Dean,” Castiel said, loud enough for Dean to hear. Dean pulled him in for a long kiss and he was sure that the explosions he heard were the sound of his own heart bursting.
“Well,” Dean said with a grin and a quick kiss to the side of Castiel’s head as they crossed the threshold. “Welcome home, Cas.”
“Oh my God, his brother and Meg?” she laughed. “Wouldn’t that be fantastic? And he’s texting you from work? Dean, he
Sam sat on an old wooden porch swing, checking the clock on his phone once again. Dean was running late. He cast a glare at the broken-down pick-up in the driveway. It had been Bobby’s truck before he gave it to Sam for the purpose of picking up parts for the garage, but Sam was grateful. Just after graduation and finally in charge of his own life, the truck meant freedom. But as he looked at it tonight, it seemed quite the opposite. His father’s house, Bobby’s truck, a job he didn’t want, a life that was so far from what Sam had intended, it barely felt like his own anymore—he felt trapped.
Dean’s demeanor steadied as he stepped forward and rested his hands on Castiel’s hips. “Cas, you don’t have to be nervous. Who wouldn’t like you?”
“You’re doing great, Jack,” Castiel encouraged as his favorite patient held himself upright and balanced between two long horizontal handrails. The young man was one of his older patients, having suffered a spinal injury in his youth that had led to a very slow recovery. The surgeons hadn’t been confident that he would walk on his own again, but Jack had a determination about him that made Castiel swell with pride. And now, at 18, Jack was back on his feet with the help of a sturdy set of crutches.
. When he thought back through his memories, Dean was always the source of the green. Even when he couldn’t name the emotion, he knew it was green. Of course, he’d been the source of many moments of blues and purples, and often the yellows and oranges he associated with happiness and friendship, but the green, that bright and bold and pure green, was always connected to Dean. The feeling of home—the color of home—was the exact shade of Dean’s eyes.
He hadn’t noticed Dean get up from the floor, but hands were now wrapping around him from behind and Dean’s chin rested on his shoulder.
“Don’t worry about it, kid,” Dean said with a laugh of his own, leaning toward Jack just a little as he spoke. So what if Cas’s arm was pressed warmly against his side as he did so? Cas didn’t seem to mind, and Dean was comfortable. No big deal.
Sam huffed a laugh. Brady had been Sam's best friend until he tried hooking up with Jess behind his back. Dean had nearly beaten him to a pulp when he found out. Ruby glanced up, but said nothing.
Dean tilted his head to one side with a half-smile, looking up through his lashes at Castiel. “Keep kissing my neck like that and I’m gonna have to cancel for a whole other reason,” he whispered gruffly. Castiel grinned and placed one more kiss.
“Need a ride?” Meg stared. “C’mon, we’re both doing the walk of shame here, I’m just trying to be nice.”
He grabbed his hand this time, holding on tightly so that he wouldn’t get away again. Cas’s eyes bored into him again through the rain.
Dean shook his head insistently. “No, Cas. I—I want you there. I want you to meet my family.” He looked around the table to all the eyes upon him. “The
Dean finally pulled the Impala into the driveway and Sam hauled himself into the passenger seat. “Dude, you’re late. Ellen’s gonna kill us.”
In response to Dean’s tone, John stood up straighter as he addressed his son. “Last time I checked, this was my house.”
Castiel looked at him pensively for a moment, then smiled as he turned back to his burger. “Hoped so.”
, he realized, it was Sunday and he had absolutely nothing to do today. He curled around the warm body beside him, kissing the back of Castiel’s neck as he wrapped his arms tightly around him. They could stay in this bed all day if they wanted to because,
“Aw, Cas. You can’t just claim a dude’s ass with that damn sex voice and then send him off to dinner with his family,” he complained. “There’s gotta be some kinda rule about that.”
“I said it’s fine!” Dean bellowed, his brows pinched in anger, though he wasn’t sure exactly who or what he was angry about. He slid into the Impala, turned the key in the ignition, and made his own way out of the driveway, Sam frozen in place.
“Y’know. For overnight guests,” Dean said. He leaned in for a quick kiss before handing over a clean shirt. After Castiel brushed his teeth, they emerged from the bedroom together to applause from Sam, Charlie, and a yawning Jo.
“I’m proud of you, Dean. I’m proud of all of you. You have the most amazing family right there inside that house,” he said, gesturing over his shoulder.
“I, uh, think we might need to talk… privately,” he could feel his face flush, and he glanced around the table quickly. Sam looked on with empathy while Ruby rolled her eyes, probably assuming that he would be propositioning her sister momentarily. Dean's face was difficult to discern, but there was a fleeting glimpse of a smile hidden under that forced neutral gaze.
There, they sat in a cozy curved booth. Castiel worried that Dean would shy away from touching in public, so when they first sat down, he made sure to leave a gap between them. However, the space quickly grew smaller and smaller until they were shoulder-to-shoulder and knee-to-knee. Dean suggested some of his favorite entrees and they ordered a variety of dishes to share between them. Castiel found Dean’s enthusiasm for food endearing and was surprised when he even reached over to feed him a bite of brownie à la mode from his own fork.
Cas leaned a bit toward the center of the bed. “Dr. Piccolo and Dr. Sexy are arguing over the ethics of Mrs. Beale’s experimental face transplant.”
Castiel’s thumb traced over the edge of the Impala key before he let out a content sigh. “I know how much your car means to you…”
I'm sorry it took so long for me to get this out! It's been an insane couple of weeks. I promise, I won't abandon you guys!
Dean hung his head to hide his expression, but Castiel suspected he’d smiled. He could feel the tension unwinding.
He looked once more at Sam’s new car. Dean had to admit that it suited Sam. He admired the dark blue paint, stepping closer to peer into the windows. The interior was black leather with neat stitching.
I know a lot of people see John Winchester in a lot of different ways, and that's fine... but for the purposes of THIS story, he's going to be written as he needs to be for the story to grow. Thanks!
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel answered with a smile. Dean exhaled in relief as they both opened their doors.
With his teeth brushed, his face washed, and his hair flattened, Dean ambled down to the cafeteria for some coffee. He was pretty familiar with the place by now, so after he poured his coffee, he made a beeline to the warming cabinet tucked in the corner where all the good stuff was hidden. He grabbed two bear claws—one for himself and one to bring back to Castiel. They weren’t as good as Donna’s, but they were better than most of the crap that passed for food around here in the morning. With Sam’s ever-present voice in his head nagging him to eat better, he grabbed a container of sliced fruit and yogurt for balance and paid for his breakfast.
Sam paused with his spoonful of cereal halfway to his mouth at the sound of Dean’s bellow echoing through the bunker. Sure enough, a moment later he was storming into the kitchen, still wearing the sweatpants and t-shirt he’d slept in.
An hour and two replaced belts later, covered in grease again, Dean was finally locking up. He slid into the driver’s seat of the Impala as he dialed Castiel’s number, turning on speakerphone and dropping his phone on the seat beside him.
Sam stepped forward. He understood what Dean meant—he’d gone through the same emotions just a week ago.
Gabriel twisted his face in thought for a second before nodding, “Yeah, okay, you’re probably right about that.”
“Dad? What the hell are you doing here?” Dean sounded angry and Castiel couldn’t help but feel embarrassed. He felt like a teenager that had gotten caught sneaking into Dean’s window in the middle of the night.
“It was an accident,” Sam explained apologetically. “We were just talking, and I asked Dean about—I mean, I mentioned Dean and Cas’s date, and—” He deflated. “I messed up. I’m so sorry, Dean. And Cas, too. I didn’t mean to throw a wrench in the gears.”
“Hey, uh, you been back yet?” Dean asked, fiddling with his fingers. He didn’t know what to do with himself here in the waiting room. He was already starting to feel like he’d been away from Castiel for too long now, and he wanted to be back in that hard chair beside the narrow bed.
They rode in silence for the rest of the drive, Dean’s mind buzzing with a thousand different thoughts. He didn’t even notice until he’d walked through his front door that John had followed him up the stairs. Dean didn’t protest, letting his father in before closing the door behind them. Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. It’d been an incredibly long day and it was catching up to him.
“Mmh, you’ve got me, Dean. You’ve got me,” he responded breathily between the kisses and licks he lined down his length.
Castiel hummed in response, diverting his eyes to the plates on the counter and popping a blueberry into his mouth. “Thank you for coming, but you really don’t have to drive me—”
Sam climbed into the passenger seat of the Impala and waited for his brother. Dean stood in the parking lot a few spots away where Castiel’s motorcycle had been parked, the glow of his phone illuminating his face. After several minutes of Dean just staring down at his phone, Sam finally reached over and punched the Impala’s horn. The sound seemed to effectively get Dean's attention and he slid the phone back into his jacket pocket as he opened the car door.
Baby was starting to look like herself again, as Dean danced his way around the side of the car to hang the hose up on its reel. The song trailed off while he found the special towel that he used to clear the water spots from Baby’s paint.
Two years ago, Sam and Jess made the decision to break up. Though they had planned on going to Stanford together, Sam reluctantly decided to stay in Lawrence after graduation at his father’s behest, and after a year of trying to make it work, they decided that neither wanted to put the other under the pressure of a long distance relationship fresh into their college years. So they decided that parting on good terms would be better than the slow suffering.
He wasn’t sure how long he laid on the couch pressing stars into his eyelids before a sound outside caught his attention.
With a sigh, Castiel pushed Dean off of himself and he turned back toward his bedroom. Dean followed quietly, but Cas could feel his eyes on his back.
“Hey, Sammy. I, uh—I hope you weren’t busy. There’s just—I had this idea that I wanted to run by you.”
“Hey, we’ll be there too,” Sam offered, “and we’ve got your back, y’know, if things get ugly. We don’t even know if it’s going to be an issue. I mean, he’s not winning Dad of the Year any time soon, but he’s never been—I mean, he’s not—at least not always—,” Sam sighed, dejected and unsure of how to be hopeful when it came to his father.
They finished their burgers over casual conversation (with some definite flirting peppered in) before taking their beers downstairs for a tour of the garage. They sat side by side on one of the stairs near the bottom landing, knees and elbows touching as they had at the bar. Castiel told Dean all about his motorcycle, a ‘77 Harley-Davidson that he’d acquired during his college years, and Dean told Castiel the story of his Impala. It had once belonged to his father, but John had let the car go to waste after Mary’s death. Under Bobby’s guide, the Impala was the first car that Dean had ever restored, leading to Dean’s eventual position of helping Bobby run the garage in John’s absence.
“Goodnight, Sam,” he responded. As he shut the door and the car backed away, Sam couldn’t help thinking of how happy he was that Dean and Cas found one another. He’d been that happy once. His mind lingered on that thought until, rather than head inside, he sat down on the porch swing and pulled out his phone. He smiled when he noticed a message waiting for him.
He wasn’t quite ready to forgive and forget yet, but he had to admit, at least to himself, that John had really been there for him today—from tracking him down, calming his panic, and driving him to the hospital to standing by his side demanding answers and asking the questions that Dean couldn’t manage to ask on his own. Dean was genuinely surprised when he’d exited the ICU and found John still in the waiting room. He’d more than half expected him to have run off to wherever it is he’d been spending his time lately.
Dr. Hendricks gave him a kind and knowing smile. “Of course. If you have any questions, I’ll be checking in again in about an hour, or you can speak with any of the nurses. And Mr. Winchester?”
. He wanted to run to the man, but also knew that he probably shouldn’t. Just looking at Dean was both confusing and settling, somehow, and he didn’t understand it. He didn’t understand any of it. The colors were blinding.
Somewhere in that shared smile, there was a silent agreement. Their usual tension softened, and Dean was surprised when it was Cas that moved to rest his arm on the back of the couch, just barely brushing along Dean’s shoulders. He was even more surprised to find himself tucking his feet up onto the couch as he slid in a little closer. They sat in a comfortable silence with only the occasional commentary from Dean, filling Cas in on the details of Dr. Sexy’s latest conquests, until Dean’s eyelids drooped shut and his head fell to rest on Cas’s shoulder.
he would tell him. He was deep in his own thoughts when he felt the weight of another body sit down beside him. He looked up to find green eyes and a slight smile.
“Date, though? I thought this was just a casual group thing,” Dean added, recounting Sam’s words from earlier in the day.
Dean laughed out loud at the message. When Charlie opened the door he was caught grinning at his phone before he could stuff it back into his pocket, but he kissed her cheek and let himself inside before she could mention it.
Dr. Hendricks stifled a laugh and continued. “We should be able to get you a bit more comfortable soon, but we’ve got a few more assessments to take care first, now that you’re awake. Think you’re up for it?”
He sat waiting a few minutes for the next message to come, but when it didn’t, he unlocked the front door and headed inside. He’s made his way to his bedroom and tossed a duffle on his bed when his phone rang, the screen flashing
. John, however, had made his way out of the house and down the porch steps. He passed Sam without acknowledging him, his eyes trained on Dean.
here, you’re just putting us through hell—” Sam’s bellows rang through the house drawing Dean and Castiel out of the kitchen.
Dean’s muscles contracted as he spilled over his own hand, and Castiel came crashing right behind him. Arms weak, he dropped to the bed, immediately pulling Castiel down into a long, deep, and meaningful kiss that took his breath away. This may have been his first time with a man, but he was no stranger to sex. And this… This was more than that.
“Well, I won’t argue there,” he said, breaking free to explore the rest of the room. So far, he hadn’t really seen much more than the books and computer parts they’d been busy packing for Sam. He took in all the band posters, shooting Dean an amused look when he spotted a poster of three bikini clad blondes above the bed.
The words must have slipped out without passing through Dean’s usual mental filters first, because a moment later his cheeks brightened pink and his eyes dropped to the ground. Castiel couldn’t have fought the smile that Dean’s words had put on his face if he’d wanted to, though he definitely
“Uh—thanks?” Dean rubbed at his eyes with some pressure, attempting to calm the spots that were swirling before him. When he could see again, he raised a brow as he took in the man’s appearance. His hair was combed back neatly, and he was wearing a burgundy button down with intricately embroidered details on the cuffs and collar. “Looks like Cas and me aren’t the only ones heading out tonight.”
It was Gabriel that stood and patted Dean on the shoulder. “Dean Winchester meet Chuck Novak. Dad, Dean—Cassie’s pretty boy.”
Castiel nodded and for the next few minutes busied himself by forming the burgers while Dean cleaned his hands and put away the rest of the groceries.
“I can drive you if you don’t want to leave the Impala parked at the hospital overnight,” he offered, not meeting Dean’s eyes as he spoke.
He breathed in the scent of Castiel’s hair—lavender and honey—and smiled as he rested his head on the pillow they always seemed to end up sharing. Castiel stirred at Dean’s movement, and, as expected, he gripped the arms that Dean had wrapped around him and pulled them even tighter.
Dean glanced around the room, cheeks reddening as he realized that all other conversations had come to a screeching halt. The Impala was Dean’s
In the night, Dean had apparently turned onto his opposite side and his face was now pressed up against the top of Cas’s head, his arms wrapped tightly around broad shoulders. Cas was nestled close, his head tucked against Dean’s chest, his hand resting on Dean’s waist. From their position, it seemed Dean had likely been the one to pull Cas close and Cas had curled right in. Their bodies fit together so well and warm that before Dean was fully awake, he kissed the top of the head he was cradling.
“Yes, and can we please not make a big deal about this?” he asked, knowing full and well that there was no escape from the conversation.
, he thought. He navigated through the tables and chairs, settling across from Castiel. He was dressed down this morning, in an old blue tee that emphasized the bright blue of his eyes, Dean noticed, and a pair of black jeans. His hair was still a little damp and somehow stood up even more than it had last night.
“Well… here.” He kneeled down beside Cas and began arranging the bedding in the center of the circle. He didn’t look up as he continued. “You know, you could’ve said something, Cas.”
After dinner, Dean planted a kiss on Castiel’s forehead while he collected their plates. Dean took in the drooping eyes and small slow smile that Castiel gave him in return. It was still early evening, but he looked exhausted.
After a few minutes of stop-and-go traffic, he saw flashing lights on the shoulder of the road. As the traffic slowly bottle-necked around the accident, he first saw paramedics speaking to a young woman with her hands over her face standing beside her damaged Toyota Corolla. It took John a moment to figure out what it was she’d hit. An old Harley caught John’s eye, lying on its side in the street, heavily damaged.
Dean watched with bated breath as Castiel and Meg slipped their coats on and stepped outside to talk. He wondered how the conversation would go. Would Castiel ease into it and let her down easy? Would he just bluntly say it?
Dean glanced at Castiel and decided to ignore the question. “Hey, Sammy. How’s it going with your, uh, new friend?”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, as soon as they know something they’ll come out and talk to you. If you’re a relative, you can go back and see him once the doctors get him settled.”
Dean gathered the clothes that were still scattered around the room. He dropped Castiel’s clothes and the towel into the hamper and slipped into his own boxers and shirt. He stepped into the bathroom, closing the door halfway to relieve himself, then opening the cabinet while he washed his hands. Sure enough, there were several unopened toothbrushes lined up in a box off to one side. Looking at the stash, Dean wondered how many times Castiel had supplied toothbrushes after impromptu sleepovers. He tried to shake the thought from his head, deciding that he shouldn’t ask questions that he didn’t want the answers to, but it nagged in the back of his mind as he squeezed toothpaste onto a new green toothbrush.
“He’s pretty great, actually. Physical therapist, works with kids, nice guy, funny,” she listed. “Gay.”
“You asked me not to,” Cas shrugged. Dean gave him a grateful smile before moving to collect his ingredients.
, Dean thought greedily. He blindly felt for the buttons of Castiel’s shirt, becoming frustrated when he made no progress in getting them undone.
expected was the lone queen-sized four-post bed. Dean stared at it for a moment too long before Cas stepped up beside him.
When he walked in the door, Donna was kind enough to start making his coffee before greeting him cheerfully. “Mornin’, Mr. Novak! Mornin’, Dean!”
Without answering, Castiel stepped closer and wrapped his hands around Dean’s waist. He pulled him closer and kissed him, and Dean felt like he was vibrating with electricity. The kiss was slow and hot, and his hands found themselves on Castiel’s chest, fingertips brushing along his collarbone. Their bodies pressed against one another, and Dean relished every point of contact. Castiel’s hands felt strong on Dean’s back; his chest was firm and solid, broader than Dean—such a different feeling from the fragility of a woman; his lips were soft, eager and welcoming, pressing against Dean’s own as though they were made to fit together. He could feel Castiel’s body responding just as his own did, and the hardness of growing erections brushing together in their jeans.
The paramedic frowned. “He’s got some injuries and he’s unconscious. The sooner we get him to the hospital the better. Do you want to ride with him?”
Castiel took hold of Dean’s right hand, pulling it up so that he could nuzzle his cheek against its warmth. Dean just smiled and let his fingers thread into the hair above his temple until blue eyes disappeared under smooth lids and dark lashes, and Dean could feel the slowing and leveling of Castiel’s breathing.
“I’m sure the promise of a blowjob in the kitchen had nothing to do with it,” Castiel said with a disbelieving smirk.
“I heard rumors,” Lisa said, pausing to take a long drink of her eggnog. By the slur in her voice, Castiel figured it must be spiked and it must not be her first of the night. “But I thought they were just rumors,” she continued. “
“Yeah, Ellen’s an awesome cook. You can, uh, find out first-hand if you’re not busy Sunday night.” He twirled his fork anxiously. “Ellen and Bobby—they, um, want to meet you. When I told them about you, Sam and Charlie and Jo kinda jumped in and started talking about how awesome you are, so—yeah.”
When Castiel finally rose from the bed to dispose of the condom and fetch a towel to clean them up, Dean’s eyes followed him, wanting—
“I don’t think we’ve been introduced,” Charlie said, directing her attention toward Meg. “Charlie Bradbury. Long-time friend of these handsome fellas,” she made finger guns at the brothers.
“It’s Charlie,” he said in explanation as he looked at the screen with a snort of laughter. “She’s going out with Jo tonight.” He leaned in close and held the phone between them so that they could both see the message Charlie had sent to both Dean and Sam.
Dean clapped his own hand over his mouth, muffling his moans as Castiel continued to thrust his fingers against his prostate. It was an intense sensation, sending pulses of electricity up his spine. The stars cleared from his vision as the thrusts slowed, but Castiel’s warm, wet mouth had returned to Dean’s cock and he felt like he might lose control. He reflexively threaded his fingers tightly into Castiel’s hair as he bobbed up and down.
night they’ve spent together,” Sam added with a mischievous smirk. Dean shot him a half-hearted glare.
Dean hesitated for just a moment. He immediately knew the answer to this question, but he wasn’t sure how to approach the fact that this was all totally new to him.
After a chorus of goodbyes, hugs, and handshakes, they finally made it to the Impala. Castiel slumped sideways, resting against Dean’s shoulder again. He smiled when he felt Dean plant a little kiss on the top of his head and turned to peer into his favorite shade of green.
"I know we will." Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas tenderly, yet pulled away after a few short seconds. "But first, we have to find that son of a bitch, Kane."
"I know." Cas's voice was quiet, a whisper of breath leaving his mouth just as any semblance of hope already had.
"Well, I'm here now." Castiel pulled away and gave his boyfriend a small smile, which turned sad. "But we need to talk."
"Okay, Jack, we're going to go out and see New York," Sam said, ushering Jack outside and into the Impala. He figured there may be some PG-13 things going on while Dean was 'lustful'.
And sure, Sam and Dean made their mark on the world and saved it countless times, but they also left an indelible impression on Castiel.
Cas paused, thinking. "Dean, I know you probably relate to Kane in some way, and that's great, but I get a bad feeling from him. I don't know why, and I can't explain it, but I don't think we can trust him." He paused. "At least not completely."
"...Cas? What's up?" Dean lumbered down the stairs and kissed his angel on the crown of his head, his green eyes crinkling at the corners as he smiled.
"Babe, I don't think he's that bad," Dean said as he and Cas were falling asleep. "He just seems... tired."
"I like where this is headed." Dean smiled against Cas' lips. Then he pulled away. "But, the kid. And Sammy."
"Dean, we don't know what happened." Jack tried to console his "father", but Dean wasn't having any of it.
It was Christmas for the Winchesters. Everyone, even Jody and the girls, Donna, and Rowena came to the bunker to celebrate with all the true Winchesters plus Castiel and Jack.
Inside was a simple cord necklace, just like the samulet, except the charm was small silver wings. Dean put it on immediately, a smile across his entire face. "I love it, Cas. I'll never take it off."
"Bravo, Castiel. Excellent performance. You know, you may be a better actor than me. And you know from experience, I'm very convincing."
out—it’s, uh, new to me, y’know? I might not really know what I’m doing here, but what I can tell you for certain, is that hurting Cas is the last thing I’d ever want to do. He, uh—he’s kinda the reason I’m seeing things clearly for the first time in a long time.”
. And we haven’t even been on a date, yet. I just need a little time to get my shit together, y’know?”
Dean waggled his brows. “A few days to sow the seeds of love, eh Sammy?” He glanced quickly at Castiel looking for his reaction before grinning up at his little brother.
Fuming, he made the quick drive home. As he stepped out of the Impala, his father’s pickup truck skidded to a stop just behind the Impala. Still reeling from his confrontation with Lisa, he wasn’t prepared to deal with John. He turned to walk toward the stairs, hoping that maybe if he ignored him he’d just disappear.
As they returned to the others, Dean hugged Jo goodnight and Charlie swept Sam into a quick conversation about a class that he was currently taking. Dean stepped away toward Castiel, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck.
“No!” Charlie groaned lowly, covering half her face with her hands. Dean moved toward the refrigerator to put away the newly acquired 12-packs, except for one bottle, not making eye contact with anyone until he opened it and took a long swig.
Dean turned around, leaning against the countertop with sadness in his eyes but the slightest hint of a kind smile on his lips. “Let’s eat.”
Sam nodded, then spoke when he remembered Charlie couldn’t see him. “Yeah. Well, now I’m worried he’s gonna let my dad get into his head.”
“So, Illinois, huh?” When Castiel looked up, he caught Dean’s green eyes staring back at him. “I, uh—I’m born and raised here. Still doing the whole family dinners on Sunday night thing with my Uncle Bobby and Jo’s mom, Ellen. Bobby practically raised Sam and me.”
Castiel continued more quietly now, “You should be proud of him. You should be proud of both your sons. You are—
Charlie’s voice was thick and sounded as though she were fighting back tears. Afraid he may shed a few tears of his own, Castiel pulled her into a hug, holding her close for a full minute.
Dean understood now what Sam meant when he said that what made Dean happy made him happy. Without realizing how miserable they both were, they’d both been going through a pretty rough few years, and suddenly it was all changing. He felt invigorated, like he could take on the world.
“Of course, Dean. I can’t wait to meet them.” Castiel leaned close to bump his shoulder, looking him in the eye with a fond smile.
John sighed and ran his hands over his face before leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees. Castiel expected fury and contempt when the man turned to face him, but instead he looked resigned.
“Kids these days,” the man responded with a solemn shake of his head, and a flash of a smile as Dean threw his head back in laughter and passed through the door to enter the bar, his mood brightened.
“I, uh, I’m gonna go bring Cas home,” Dean said before Sam could step out of the car. “You’ve got a key, right?”
They toed off their shoes and shed their pants before climbing into the bed. Their pace remained slow as they lay on their sides, indulging in the light drag of fingers over warm skin, their legs tangled together.
Dean smirked. He’d spent enough time in bars to know the effect that this song had on people, but also because secretly… Dean didn’t hate Magic Mike. In fact, Dean didn’t hate the idea of watching hot men take their clothes off
“Yeah, yeah. Let’s, uh—let’s get going, huh?” Dean stepped aside and waited for Castiel to lock his apartment door. They walked in a nervous silence toward the stairs, throwing occasional glances back and forth as their hands brushed against one another. The pair made it to the top of the stairs when they ran into a familiar petite woman in a long red coat with dark wavy hair.
Sure enough, there were a handful of people with cash in hand waiting impatiently along the bar, throwing frequent looks their way. Jo shrugged, passed them each a beer, and said, “On the house. Call it a first date discount.”
“He’s great, Donna. In fact, he made a special request for one of your peach pies, so I’ll have to make sure to get one before I leave here.” He gave her a wink and a grin. “For now, can I just get my usual?”
“Nice to meet you, Castiel. And samesies!” She flashed a toothy smile. “The gay thing, I mean. See that gorgeous girl behind the bar? She wants me.”
“What? It’s a nest, right?” There still wasn’t a smile on Dean’s face, but there seemed to be understanding beneath his serious gaze.
So, John started attending the meetings. Three days in, he found himself avoiding his empty house by staring down another glass of whiskey at the bar, flipping his chip between his fingers as he did so. Thankfully the bartender noticed and made the decision for him, removing temptation from his grasp.
After a few more minutes of painful small talk, the infamous Meg finally walked through the door. Much like her sister, she was small and dark haired, with a sullen look about her. Just behind Meg stood the man that Dean had shared a laugh with in the parking lot. He had apparently been waiting in the late November chill for Meg this whole time and that already made Dean like her even less.
His thoughts must have shown on his face because Castiel’s hand, which had been rubbing pleasant circles over his bare back, paused.
He let out a sigh and ran his fingers through his hair. This was definitely not the life he wanted for himself and he was not proud of his choices lately.
Castiel moved closer, his fingers hovering over the freshly painted gas tank. The tank was a smooth, glossy black and a silver pinstripe curled into hand-painted letters.
“Come on, hot-stuff, those margaritas are calling our names,” Dean said loudly so that it would echo up the stairs.
“You guys are moving in together?!” someone squeaked. He wasn’t sure if it was Jo or Jess that had asked so excitedly, but Castiel suddenly realized how quiet the room had gotten and that all eyes were on them. He turned to Dean looking for the right response.
When he started nesting, he hadn’t even realized it was happening. Things around the bunker suddenly seemed more interesting, more meaningful. He’d collected a handful of innocuous items that hadn’t really meant much to anyone else, but to Castiel, they felt like home. The scent of Dean’s shampoo. An old leather book that Sam had read a thousand times. The hoodie he’d worn when he was homeless. The apron Dean wore when he taught Castiel how to make pancakes.
secretive about it. As far as Castiel knew, only Bobby had been permitted to help out regularly. He suspected that Dean knew a little more about it than he admitted, but he’d never volunteered any information about it so far.
“Official business, baby bro,” he said, patting his camera bag. “Gettin’ paid the big bucks to be on call to document the miracle of birth.”
With a nod, the paramedic climbed into the ambulance as John jogged back to his truck. Giving up on the main road, he sped off down a side street while he dialed Dean’s number. No answer. He tried again, but to no avail. He knew that Dean wouldn’t answer his calls.
Dean couldn’t help but marvel at the group around him, huddled in their coats and blankets by the fireside, laughing, sipping cocoa and cider, and truly enjoying being together. Dean could really go for a beer, he thought, but he, Castiel, and Sam had agreed ahead of time that this would be a sober party in support of John.
The corner of John’s lip turned up into a hint of a smile. Without a word, he reached for the cloth and pulled.
Castiel chuckled. “Actually, I love working with the kids. Their resilience in the face of adversity is inspiring. Plus I get to wear scrubs with honeybees and ducks on them.” The table broke into laughter, breaking the tension once again.
Dean peeked through the window overlooking the driveway, watching as Castiel’s Harley disappeared down the street. He tried to convince himself that he was just worried about road conditions, but in reality, the change in routine was just jarring. Without the extra stop, he had another half-hour before he had to leave for work, so he plopped onto the couch and pulled out his phone. He scrolled through some old text messages, checked the weather again, and flipped through his photo gallery of interesting cars and candid shots of his friends and family.
. Dean felt like his entire life had built up to this moment. Here, in the solitude of a summer storm, with Cas’s hands finally wound around him, Dean felt complete.
Cas turned and started walking away again, leaving Dean gaping at his back for a moment before he pulled himself together. Cas may not have been human for long, but he wasn’t oblivious. He was just as much a part of this
“Charlie, this is Castiel. He’s here with Ruby’s sister Meg,” Sam gestured toward the bar where two women were giggling flirtatiously with the man Meg had been talking to earlier. The man seemed to be paying for another round of shots they were sharing, sliding a few bills to Jo as she poured.
“Okay, brother bonding time is over!” Castiel interrupted, standing and ushering Gabriel out the door, sandwich in hand.
Dean made quick work of the button and zipper, tugging the pants down and off before tossing them on the floor beside the bed. He palmed the front of Castiel’s black boxers, slowly exploring, tracing the outline of his erection with his fingertips. The touch sent shockwaves through Castiel. He pulled Dean up beside him, kissing him deeply as his hands continued to gently explore the shape of Castiel’s body.
“I won’t get in your way, Sammy,” John continued. “Go. Go live your life. You—you’ve always been so smart. I’m sorry I’ve held you back, boy. You’re your own man, now. When did that happen?” He laughed to himself sadly.
