Dean silently sobs into his brothers’ shoulder, not able to process the events of the last 24 hours.
“She talked to me by using her hands. It’s called sign language. I can teach you some if you want to, but later.” Sam explains.
“We have to thank you Jack” Sam says, smiling. “We have to thank you, that you made all that possible, that you finally give us the lives we’ve wished for some time already.” Eileen nods her head yes, Cas and Dean seem to agree as well.
One year later
Sam slowly hugs him, pulling him closer. “At least you’ve got miracle who’ll be there for you when I’m not able to.”
After Sam gets in the car, Dean drives off to the Bunker, sometimes looking in the rear mirror just to see the empty seat where Cas always sat, which is now filled by the body of Miracle, Deans new dog.
After what seems to be an eternity, Dean finally finished packing everything he needs; Cas walks up to him, taking him by his hand and teleporting them somewhere in Germany, on top of an old Castle where they have a beautiful view into the night sky, which is filled with many many visible constellations.
TODAY
5 months earlier
Cas kisses Dean, then moving his head so that the new constellation is visible for Dean. “Do you like it?” Cas asks kind of shyly, not sure if Dean appreciates his work.
He focused so much on hunting, that he began to neglect his children and started drinking to cope with the loss of his love.
“Hey Sammy, look there’s Eileen” Dean says, cracking a smile for the sake of his brother. The next thing he sees is a 6ft4 tall man running to a 5ft 2 small girl, hugging and kissing her as if the world was dying at this exact same moment.
They spilt apart after what seemed to be an eternity, only to be greeted by Sam and Eileen once they leave Deans room.
Cas finishes the e-mail and stands up, watching his boyfriend working, thinking to himself how lucky he got, despite everything that has happened a little over a year ago.
Dean was working in his workshop when he got a call from Sam.
Jack, being surprised, because he forgot one of the major events in his dads life answers quite shy:
Dean reaches for his revolver, pulling it out to defend himself.
Now he lost his kid, a friend he didn’t liked that much at first, because they were Lucifers’ offspring, the archangel who has driven his brother so insane that he had to went to a mental hospital, with Cas taking the burden of seeing Lucifer in his mind, only that Sam could work a case.
“Why were you waiting in front of my door like the mail man who’s unsure if he should ring the bell or just knock?” Dean asks with a curious undertone in his voice. “Oh, Jack is back, he’s sitting in the library, waiting for you two lovebirds to come and greet him” Sam says while translating the things Dean has said into sign language.
“Come on Dean, I wanna visit them now” Cas says exited, while slightly jumping up and down. Dean, walking down the stairs, grabbing his Jacket and keys bursts out in laughter after he sees gods most trusted jumping up and down in excitement.
Sam nearly yells through the phone, hurting his brothers ear.
“Gabe, there’s no need to be scared” Dean laughs, “Sam is my brother” Shyly Gabriel looks up to Sam. “H-Hello I’m Gabriel”
“Yes Sammy, everything’s alright, I got Cas back!” he yells through the door. “You what?” Sam asks, being the confused moose that he is.
He directs it both to Sam and Eileen, smiling. Eileen smiles back, waving her hand. “Nice to meet you Gabriel. Eileen is deaf, if you wondered why she can’t say hello, well she can but it would be difficult to understand for you.”
Sam pulls him close to hug, starting to sob in his shoulder. “That’s the reason why I was so angry when you left, because I knew that from now on he’d beat me senseless and I wasn’t able any more to look at you, and know that you’ll achieve something in live. I only came to ask for your help after dad went on the hunting trip that started it all again to see you, to know that you were doing well at your college.”
“Eileen is expecting, Dean. You’re going to be an uncle!”
Raising an eyebrow while tilting his head Cas nods his head yes.”You don’t have to ask, just… you know warn us, because there could be something happening you don’t want to witness, ok?” Jack laughs “Yeah sure, I’ll ask, Bye Cas, see you then”
Dean chuckles, walking up to the rooms, well knowing that Cas would want to adopt an infant.
Their lips match perfectly, like a match made in heaven, supposed to happen from day one of existence.
While Sam and Eileen are exchanging kisses, Dean enters the Bunker, being lost in his thoughts again.
Dean and Cas sit down, opposite side of Eileen and Sam, both looking up to Jack who’s sitting at the end of the table. “I’m happy the two of you finally confessed your feelings for each other, I’m happy that everyone of you is finally happy and able to live with the partner they deserve”, Jack says while smiling brightly.
Cas smiles, overwhelmed from all the things that happened in the last few minutes. Eileen signs ‘group hug?’ to Sam, and he nods his head yes with tears in his eyes.
“Let’s go to some orphanages in the enxt few days, there are a few around here and see if we find a kid that matches our personalities” Dean thinks out loud.
“C-Cas? Is that really you? Are you back again? How? I-?” He gets interrupted by Cas standing up, walking up to him and saying: “Yes Dean, its me once again. Jack gripped me tight and raised me from the Empty”
“And soon that Baby will be out of her tummy and you’ll have a cousin you can play with, when they’re old enough” Sam explains, smiling at the thought of having a child.
Eileen and Sam decide to visit, Eileen being in the third trimester, as it is Christmas time already. As the two ring the doorbell, Gabriel flinches a bit, he doesn’t know the sound of a doorbell and is even more intimidated by the giant that walks through the door.
“JACK, CAN YOU HEAR ME?” Dean slowly starts crying, realising he lost everyone he got to know and love in the past 2 years.
“Eileen is pregnant, there is a baby inside her tummy” Dean explains while his brother keeps on snickering.
Dean cracks a smile, hoping Cas knows what he’s supposed to do.
“Dean it’s 2pm, it’s past midday you grumpy cat” “Yeah yeah, whatever.” After what seems to be an eternity, Dean finally gets the motivation to dress himself properly, after Cas had already called ahead.
“Good, and don’t start again until I’m back, Jack needs help with a little something” Cas walks up to Dean, giving him a short kiss.
“Yes Cas, I have like 5 more minutes. But the souls are, I don’t know how to say, kind of rebellious, they’re roaming around everywhere, even the souls in hell don’t do what they’re supposed to do, at least it’s what Rowena said.”
Sam laughs, as Gabriels head tilt reminded him of the many head tilts Cas did, when he didn’t understand something.
Cas smiles slightly at the sight of Dean. “So then Jack heard my prayers”, Dean silently says to himself, but still loud enough for Cas to be heard.
You know I love you, but I love Dean even more and moving in with him is something very special that we want to celebrate.”
“Let’s go, visit some orphanages” Dean laughs, while walking out the door, up to the impala.
“My niece or nephew will probably be born on the same day as me? That’s awesome! I’m happy for you two”
Cas comes over and knees beside Dean to pet Miracle as well. “Dean,” Cas asks with a soft and kinda curious voice, “where did you find this dog?” “I found him after you sacrificed yourself, when I met up with Sam and Jack again” Dean says, his voice slightly breaking, as he’s remembered again. “He was the last living being that we had met after Chuck erased every life from this godforsaken planet, that’s why I named him Miracle”
Dean says happily, his eyes filled with tears.
“Cas, come help me please, all the souls are driving me insane!” Jack calls out via angel radio.
“Yeah, let’s do that. See you in a few weeks” Sam says, while smiling into his phone.
Sam nervously laughs at the phone. “C’mon, tell me!”
Sam chuckles “Yes, that’s because it’s meatloaf.”
“Dean, I’ve got news, big news.”
Cas laughs, taking Deans Hand. “Let’s go inside, I can’t wait to meet them!”
“That’s a nice idea”, Cas says, smiling at Dean. “You go finish that car you been repairing, I’ll finish this e-mail one of your customers has been waiting for and then we’ll go home and have a nice dinner?” Cas asks.
Dean pulls him into a hug, pressing his head onto his chest. After talking to the director of the orphanage, and doing all the paperwork, Gabriel leaves the orphanage, smiling.
“We’re coming in a minute” Dean says loud enough for Sam to hear and kisses Cas on the cheek. “Now I get to thank him after all.” Cas says while smiling and kissing Dean shortly after. They’re both still amazed as to how perfectly their lips match, both smiling into the kiss.
Dean lays down the blanket, sits down and pulls Cas with him. “Come sit down”, Dean smiles pulling Cas’ sleeve. Cas slowly sits down next to him, while moving some stars without Dean noticing, to form the shape of his face.
“Can- Can we take him home? Please Honey” Cas looks at Dean with pleading eyes, a tear rolling down his face.” I- yes, yes we can take him home”
Then, the last room, his own room. Dean slowly opens the door, only to see Castiel sitting on his bed.
A little while later, the three of them enter their house, Gabriels’ new home.
Knowing that you had to raise you brother, while being regularly beaten up by your dad and to hide it from him, I think that you would like to know what happened to your dad after I became god” Jack says while smiling slightly, waiting for the reaction of their foster dads.
Dean, yawning, responds “Cas, first we need to call ahead, second let me finish my coffee before you talk to me in these ungodly hours.” Cas snickers
“Hi, I’m Sam” he beams with his deep voice “and this is Eileen” Sam comments, while Eileen just waves at Gabriel.
“What- what is this? Gabriel asks, looking at the food. Dean chuckles and answers with a smile: “This Gabriel, is the Winchester Surprise. It’s a dish Sam and my mum used to make.” He looks at the Winchester surprise with a hint of disgust. “That is way too much meat.”
Cas and Dean have miracle to take care of, but Dean has had the feeling that something, or someone is missing to make his life perfect.
Cas, having to lift some furniture as he and Dean are just moving into their new home, responds quite annoyed.
“Dean, you don’t have to do that! Go take a break and go eat and drink something, would you?”
Cas scolds him, not wanting his boyfriend to collapse. Dean, his eyes rolling responds “Yes mum, I’ll take a break”
Dean and Cas finally adopt their kid
After a short drive they arrive at the bunker. Dean gets out of the car to open the door for miracle, when he sees Eileen, Sams girlfriend they had met a few years ago while working a case.
The closer he comes to the interrogation room, the slower he walks, not wanting to be reminded of the traumatic events he had to witness, and the self hate, because he didn’t reciprocate to Cas’ confession.
He searches the Bunker room for room, scanning every corner, but he finds nothing.
“Hey, Dean, I have to go upstairs for a bit, I’m sorry Jack just asked me if I could come help with something he seemed to be struggling with.” Dean peaks his head out from under the car “Ok Cas, but please don’t take too long, I wanted to take you out today” Dean says while smiling at Cas. “I won’t” Cas promises, shortly before he vanishes with a bat of his wings.
A few months after their date under the stars, and many, many appointments with social workers the day they are going to foster a child is here.
“Dean, I’ve got one more thing to tell you, Eileen is due on January 24th”
Cas whole face is smiling, as he listens to what Dean is saying about the event that took place roughly a day ago, realizing that confessing his love to Dean was the best thing that could’ve happened since a long, long time.
“I mean with Eileen and Sam starting a family, we could copy them and start our own.”
Meanwhile in heaven, Jack greets his favourite angel, even though Gavreel is competing with him for the first rank.
“You-You really prayed to Jack for him to resurrect me?” Cas smiles even more.  “Damn right I did. I prayed from the second on you were dragged into the empty, after you confessed your love to me.”
“See you later, I hope it doesn’t take too long” Dean smiles, waving Cas goodbye and starts cleaning out the car from everything that’s still needed in the house.
He kisses Dean slowly and passionate, to let him know that he is loved the way he is, and that he should never change to fit the expectations of others.
“Cas, Jack, come here” Sam says while opening his arms for the three of them to join the group hug. Cas is standing next to Dean, giving him small and gentle kisses to comfort him, even if he doesn’t seem to understand everything.
After that, he wasn’t able to answer his brothers calls, which made Sam worried more than he’s ever been.
“I know that you may not like it, but since I’m the new god, I’m able to see your souls, therefore I’m able to see everything that John did to the both of you, especially you Dean. That’s why I decided to put John in hell, after all the love that you’ve shown me, that he wasn’t able to show to his own kids.
“Hey Sammy” Dean smiles “haven’t heard from you in a while.”
“That’s such a beautiful name:” Jack says after watching their two dads for a while. “I’m glad I was able to make you happy, and Dean everything is forgiven. I sort of know why you acted like that after my dad showed his true self, after he disguised himself as Castiel, just for you to let him in, because he knew that he was one of you weaknesses.”
“You have to focus deeply on their image, how they should look. If you trail off with your thoughts they won’t be manifested in their true form, so they’ll explode in a burst of light” Cas explains to him.
“See you Sammy.” Dean ends the call, only to run up to the office to tell Cas, who’s working there, if he’s not helping Jack with heavenly business.
Sam and Dean are both smiling, along with Cas, because they somehow managed to raise a kid, without being raised themselves, especially Dean, who had to raise himself and his brother, because his abusive dad wasn’t there for the both of them, always on a hunting trip leaving them all by themselves, with only little money to buy food and drinks while John himself was away for days, sometimes even weeks, desperately trying to find the demon that was responsible for killing Mary.
Cas lives with Dean in Lawrence, Kansas, while Sam and Eileen stayed back in Lebanon.
Dean hugs Sammy, trying to comfort his brother. “I never wanted you to find out about that, I did it only to protect you, because I knew that if I wouldn’t take the beating that dad would beat you up bad, because he blamed you ‘til his death for moms’ death.” Dean says with a small smile cracked. “Why do you think I had so many bruises after you were old enough to go to school, after you’ve been gong to High school. I always took the beating, so that you were able to learn and study for your exams. I did it all to protect you, so that you could live the life I wasn’t able to live.”
Disclaimer: I do not know how exactly adoption works, i tried to look it up as good as possible. If you find anything that doesn't fit, lmk
“Yeah sure, that sounds nice” Dean smiles. He then leaves the office, to repair the brakes on an old Mustang, hurried but still doing his work properly.
Jack!“, Dean cries out before they vanish into a bright light.
Dean is praying silently to Jack, begging him to resurrect Castiel, the first person who loved him for the person that he was, and not for the things he achieved, while he walks to the Impala.
“What do you think of adopting?” Cas asks between two kisses.
“I missed those dates” Dean smiles, looking at Cas. “Haven’t had that in a long, long time.” Cas kisses him, then takes his hand, smiling. “We didn’t had time to watch the stars, because I was in heaven, helping Jack rebuilding everything.” Cas smiles, being a bit sad about the fact that he didn’t get to spend more time with Dean, but being the only surviving angel that Jack trusts, he has to go upstairs to help him.
Dean turns back to Cas, cupping his face with his hands, pulling him closer and giving him a short kiss.
“Hello Darling” Cas smiles, scaring Dean a bit. “Whoa Cas, you scared me there for a second.” Dean says, looking his man directly in his sky like eyes. “I’ve missed you” Cas lays his hand on one of Deans hands, smiling while waiting for Dean to drive home safely.
“You’ve never offered that to Cas and me, but that’s a topic for later. Let’s eat something, shall we?” Sam smiles.”You never asked me to teach it to you, that’s your fault.” “Yeah yeah, whatever.” Dean shows Gabriel where to sit, him and Cas sitting next to Gabriel.
First losing Castiel, the angel he fell in love with, because he sacrificed himself a last time to save Dean from Death.
After arriving in Heaven, Cas directly walks up to Jack, who seems to struggle with the creating process of new angels. “Cas, how do I prevent them from exploding directly? Every second or third angel seems to explode immediately after I’ve created them” Jack smiles sadly.
Dean looks up to his foster child, smiling. “Do you want to stay a while, maybe eat dinner with us? I think we all would love that, wouldn’t we?” Dean says, looking to Sam and Eileen, who nod in unison. “I’d love to” Jack answers with a sad undertone in his voice, “but I’ve got work to do. I’m rebuilding heaven, make a beautiful world, not the compartment building it has been, I want everyone to be able to interact with each other like a family, because family doesn’t end in blood like you told and showed me over the past two years.”
By the time Dean knew anything again his hands were already under the hem of Cas’ shirt, possessing the smooth-hot skin at the small of his back, the swell of Cas’ hips.  Cas let out a soft, hollow sound when Dean’s teeth found the blunt line of his jaw, tasting the bitterness left from antiseptic where it was dabbed over the small cuts sustained from shattered glass.  He shivered when Dean’s fingers pushed into his hair.
sometimes, man. Adrenaline.  All those damn happy pills you know, makes everything…”  he swallowed.  “Everything weird.  I’m not—yeah,” he finished, hoping Cas would fill in the blanks with something.  Whatever it was, it’d probably be right.  Cas’ expression immediately shuttered and Dean tried not to flinch, cast his eyes down, guilt already gnawing away.
The way Jack explains it, between Sam interjecting from the corner looking afraid and a little constipated with it, sounds a lot more like soul-play than Dean likes. Part of him is unnerved, he thought they’d—well, Jack in particular—had learned their lesson about experimenting with soul splitting.  Soul related
It wasn’t until Dean began to pull away, regretful of having to do it, heart in his throat with nerves when the kiss had gone on too long and the moment in which it had started to stretch out too far in either direction, that Cas snapped to life against him.  Suddenly it was less about those words still sloshing around in Dean’s head and the reckless choices hatched from brushes with mortality, and a hell of a lot more about an armful of ex-angel wrapping himself around Dean, chest to chest.  Cas’ palms set off the sore bruises on Dean’s ribs and
when you’re freaking the fuck out.  It’s distracting.  If I could go two miles without feeling like someone is ripping me in half, I would have kept you home!”
Then Owen came back, died again and took Sean with him, and the same people..
wasn’t there a time Dean had game? Or did he always just get by on a pretty face?  “Because you can’t leave me,” Dean mouths
Jody is waiting for him when Dean pulls into the drive, all ready with a warm meal and peach cobbler fresh from the oven.  She’s such a damn good mama, knows when to press into a person who so clearly needs to talk, and knows when to wait and let it come out on its own.
Besides, it isn’t Dean’s fault.  He keeps getting distracted by the scenery—the snow capped mountains to one side, a body of water with a name Dean also can’t pronounce to the other, the soft sweep of silver clouds overhead. “Oh fuck—” Dean mutters when he comes round a bend in the road and manages to swerve back into the right lane after nearly meeting another car head on.
“Actually, I think they’re quite relieved.  Suppose even Hell is due a bit of reprieve after, well—” she does a twirly gesture with her hand, indicating All Of It, Dean imagines. “Am thinking of taking on a more
“Oh.” Dean says, taken aback, and a little speechless. “Well, shit. Fine.”
Grow up.”
“—heart,” she finishes, plastering back on her
“Because of
Cas shuts his eyes, lips parting.  For a brilliant moment Dean thinks
The worst part.. Dean was almost
“Good to know,” Dean mutters, because it is actually.  He doesn’t want to fight Rowena, just like he didn’t want to fight Crowley toward the end— they’re just one god awful, complicated, dysfunctionally evil, fucking
“What do I do?” Dean asks, not sure what he means exactly.  He just wants someone to tell him what to do.
“It wasn’t
“Dean, think about who you’re talking to,” Sam says, patient with Dean even though he doesn’t deserve it, “
Then Cas dropped into Dean's life like a goddamn comet crashing through fragile glass—forsaking Heaven, his mission, his family, for
Cas looked over, a small furrow to the set of his brow.  “Are you tired? I don’t mind driving.”
“Only half!” Jack defends as Sam emits a jumble of panicked syllables, “and the other half is not gone either!  It is just..” Jack looks toward Cas and winces, “relocated.”
“I’m not kicking you out of—,” Dean holds up his hand, ready to list off more reasons, but he thinks better of it.  “The hell am I saying, enjoy the crick in your neck suckers.  C’mon Cas,” he grabs Cas’ arm and heads off toward the stairs.
that’s all wrong in the places where love should be.
“This is real,” Dean explains, “'
“You— the
I don’t care about anything but getting Cas out of that wannabe
Cas cuts his eyes to the bed, then back at Dean.  “It’s not a good idea.”
“Some of them don’t require use of legs,” Cas says, matter-of-fact, but lets his fingers slip away.
always trying to be better for
When the terrible, swollen vacancy of the room offers no recourse, Sam says, “I know.”
“I never held that against you,” Cas says quietly.  “But if you want my forgiveness—”
“Are you sure?” Cas asks, a little in disbelief, maybe Dean reads hopefulness into it.
are you listening to me?
“Hey uh—soul is kind of twinging over here, you mind if we um…” he rolls his eyes at himself and pushes the words out, “Hold hands?”
Slowly, a grin turns up the edges of Cas’ mouth.
It’s awkward.  It’s the weirdest tip-toe around a subject Dean has ever managed, he isn’t used to being this indirect in general.  There’s this huge subject of their whole soul time-share that neither one of them seem able to even
Another version of Dean would have balked and blustered, but now Dean lies there considering it.  Doesn’t know if he’s ready to talk about how once he let that whole knot of grief expand inside of him—beyond the anger and self-destruction and despair that he’d clung to for so long— everything seemed insignificant when measured against it.   And it wasn’t just grief over losing Cas, but years and years of it bottled up—mom, Bobby, of all the irreplaceable friendships ripped away, his own failures and regrets.There’s the grief he still has left for Dad, but it’s all tied up in mourning a lost childhood and the possibilities of the person Dean could have been had he not been robbed of it.
“Yes I do,” Cas said, firm and brooking no argument, “I know you,” kiss, “I know
“Even so,” Jack says, before looking back up at Dean, “I’m not done being sorry for it yet.”
But the rest of Dean doesn’t care, couldn’t even begin to care what the implications are for himself.  Any price was worth paying—his life, his body, his soul, any of it, if it meant getting Cas back.
Cas narrowed his eyes.  “Because she’s a…”
at the ceiling. “You can think about it,” Dean says, when Cas still doesn’t say anything.  “You’re right, we should think about it.”  Dean sits up a little and turns to look at him.  “Cas?”
Cas pulled away, and Dean felt deprived of that certainty once again.  Later, when he was back in his room, he looked in the mirror and didn’t trust the eyes looking back at him.
“Fine,” Sam grumbles and gets up from the table, says, “keys.”
Dean tries to stay away from this memory.  It makes him feel ashamed of himself—but not for the reasons he’d expected. He hadn’t taken anything that Cas didn’t want to give, nothing happened that either of them didn’t want to happen.  It wasn’t the ever evolving Dean Winchester Sexuality Crisis, either.  The truth was worse than that, because that night he reached for Cas and used him to regain whatever it was Dean felt he’d lost. He could’ve blamed it on Michael and what he’d done, on the endless traumas that left endless baggage, on Cas for having dug Dean out in the first place—but in the end it was all still Dean.  Dean and his choices, and who suffered their consequences.  It was the last time they would ever be together like that, and Cas came away from it thinking he was the means to an end.
There it is again, that constriction in Dean’s chest, strong enough to make Dean stagger backward a step.  The backs of his legs hit the edge of the bed and he sits automatically.  He puts his face in his hands, fingers clenching painfully at the hair over his ears just to feel something other than the full weight of grief bearing down over him. It doesn’t get any better when Dean looks down and can still see the imprint of Cas’ body on the sheets—tiny wrinkles on the pillow from his head, the covers all scrunched this way and that from Cas’ restless legs because it’s not like the guy really needed sleep most of the time  He’d just lie there squirming.
“You,” he says, in a deep, rich voice.  “The handsome angel.”
Instead he stopped gaping at the ugly over-bright fluorescents, palmed the back of Cas’ neck and pulled until Cas’ forehead was tucked against his shoulder, his breath hot and erratic over Dean’s collarbone.  Both of Cas’ hands went flat on the wall behind Dean, his fingers curling into fists against the glossy white cinderblock, keeping them anchored so they could ride the frantic, graceless rhythm they had built together. Cas’ hips moved in stilted little thrusts, still in those threadbare scrubs from some intern’s locker, no decent barrier at all to any of it, and Dean was moving and pushing back against the hard length of him.
Dean laughs and turns around, “And mess up that precious mug?  No thanks.  Don’t need Eileen coming after me.”  Dean’s smile falters when Sam doesn’t take the deflect and continues to stare at Dean with concerned expectancy.  “You wouldn’t understand. It’s,” Dean sighs hard and makes a screwy motion next to his temple with the pliers, “it’s complicated.”
choice and he did it because he lo—” Dean’s voice falters, “he loved you.  That’s who he was.  And all this,” Dean presses his fist over his heart, “this pain?  That’s not your fault either, okay?  That’s my fault.  That’s what
They’re so close Dean can feel the warmth of Cas’ skin sinking into him, and this time Dean isn’t going to ruin it all by saying the wrong thing and running away.
the longer Dean stares.  Dean never went in for plants really, but he does have to admit that it breaks up the air of the room.  Makes it feel fresher.
“Well yes, just your average torture except you’re scattered and interminable so pain is constantly echoing through you.”
how do you know you are feeling what’s yours, or what’s mine?  Can you tell the difference, because sometimes it’s even difficult for me to tell.  How do you know you’re not just feeling what I want you to feel?  What I wish you would?”
in half?  Gonna hold Cas’ hand for me while he
He laughs.  “What’re you going to do, flail around until—”
“Come
“Dean—”
In the weak, orange glow, Cas’ eyes are still full of fear and concern.  He wipes away some of the blood above Dean’s lip with his thumb.  Dean mimics the gesture, trying to clean away the mess of their matching nosebleeds.  “I turned around and you were gone,” Cas says.  “I felt you go.”
It took so little that it should have been embarrassing.  Dean regrets that too.  He should have taken his time, gotten them out of that bathroom and into a bed.  Gotten Cas bare and horizontal, felt the heat of him without layers. Always those damned layers, caught between them.  Always so hard to overcome until the option is removed from you, and then it all seems so simple, so clear to see what you should have done differently.
Cas releases a sigh, grabs either side of Dean’s face, kisses him as passionately as he can for one swift half-second before releasing his hold.  “Or we can stop the car at the next fjord.”
hard) before she declares him
to understand why it made him tense up so much to see Cas open and vulnerable that way.  Cas was always just out of reach somehow, at least that’s what Dean told himself— built it up in his own head to explain away why the hell it was so unnerving to be close to him, while at the same time feeling never close enough.
“Is nothing,” Jody continues, “a year is so small, Dean.  When Owen died, the—the first time— I don’t know how many people said that time would heal me.
It wasn’t right.  It wasn’t an okay thing to want and Dean knew that, hated himself for it.  But he’s always been selfish over Cas.
need rest.  You’re way closer to human than angel right now, and burning yourself out isn’t going to do either one of us any favours, now will you—” Dean makes an effort to take the gruffness out of his voice, takes a deep breath, “
to, is the thing.  He can feel all the words right there stuck in his throat, but that’s it—they’re
,” Jack says in defeat.  “I know you value your freedom more than anything, Dean,” he says, turning, “no matter your feelings for—” he swallows, looks at Cas’ sleeping face, then at Dean.  “I will figure out how to fix this.”
They cast out dozens of lines, and still a whole lotta fuck all. Just a bunch of useless spirits wanting to be left alone.  One gets a little gutsy, ricochets off Sam and accidentally ends up possessing the Belgian waffle maker which immediately explodes, so now not only have they run through a significant portion of their herbal supplies, but Dean is also out thirty bucks and the promise of a fluffy, golden breakfast.
The best thing about the bunker, aside from the open floor plan, is that there’s always something to fix. It might have been pimped out with the best sigils and wood nymphs that shady secret society dudes could muster, but the infrastructure is old as
the quiet familiarity of Cas’ body against his, the smell of him on the pillows, the echo of him beaconing in Dean’s chest.
to Sam the same as always. Puts coffee grounds into the filter. Eats and it tastes like nothing. Thinks one day this feeling, too, will become a habit. In a year it won’t sit as heavily on his chest, and Dean’ll breathe again.
The fucking
“Oh my god, have you ever actually
Dean says stupidly, unable to take his eyes away from Cas’ face—his messy dark hair, the wide set of his bright eyes, the mouth that perks with a smile at one edge.
“Aye ano, but you need to. Some doors are closed off to us for a reason, Dean.  The Empty, it isn’t like Heaven or Hell, it’s older and more powerful than both of them.  We’re lucky that all it wants to do is
“But it was just a sweaty dude in a trailer.”
.  I lacked physical form for that.  It was memories, moments of terrible distress or regret or grief, replayed over and over. Mental anguish.”  He says this like it makes it better.
Cas bends over Dean and kisses him down from it, distracting him from the slight twinge of pressure-pain when after a minute, a second finger slowly pushes in against the first.  “I wish you could see yourself— you’re beautiful like this.  I knew you would be,” Cas murmurs, voice so sincere and reverent that Dean has to shut his eyes and look away.  It’s different when Cas says things like that.  He’s seen galaxies born, the earth emerging new and glistening with life throughout eons, and Dean is just some blip in the scheme of all that.  He knows Cas doesn’t just mean physical beauty either, but the rest of it as well, the intangible kind that Dean struggles to find within himself.
“That! Iceland, whatever.  Look, just calm down and enjoy the ride.”
Basically, Dean expects him to wander around the house and eventually pass out on some moderately acceptable surface when the ol’ Energizer bunny taps out.
The echo of Cas’ need is growing into that solitary breaking point.  Syllables are jerked from Cas’ mouth, the solid and relentless rhythm of earlier is falling apart at the seams.  He bears one of Dean’s thighs back toward the mattress as his hips snap forward in tight, urgent thrusts.
Dean tightened his hands on the steering wheel, kept them from wandering until the grip squeaked in his palms.
Why not
That was all Dean had meant to do.  Swears that was it.  He hadn’t meant to take everything.
version of Dean can’t even
the lazy bastard
It’s an old, worn AC/DC shirt that Sam had nicked from a gas station in Hastings, Nebraska with
“Why the hell not?” Dean asked, angry, his face hot.
“Oh my god,” Dean slurs, “how can you still—”
am I?” Dean asks, because that’s always the question, and slams his hands down on the table. “Tell me! What’s the
Dean starts breathing hard, teeth and fists clenching.  He wants to hit something.  Cas looks over and furrows his brow as if he can’t understand this reaction.
And then there was the bunker, with Dean cuffed and strapped down to a chair in the middle of a Devil’s trap.
“Ah,” Dean says, “hasta la vista, douchebag.”
Dean really hopes not, hopes the Emptiness is just oblivion for Cas, an eternity of nothing.  That sounds better, comforting, to simply
“No—”
“I like them,” Eileen replies. “I was always a little jealous of people with big families.”
It’s the same dream, over and over again. The apocalypse before the final apocalypse, the day they stuffed all those souls back down into the pit, the day Rowena died saving them.  The day Dean blamed Cas for all of it and let him leave.
Cas made a sound deep in his throat, brows knitting together as he yanked Dean down into another kiss, not letting him finish.
“Because this was going on before Jack did a soul vivisection!” Dean says loudly.  “For
” she says, “besides, this is just—ugh,” she sits back in her seat, gesturing once around the room before folding her arms across her chest.  “I think you’ve earned a little vacation.”
The sudden addition of a thigh slotting between Dean’s legs forced him to wrench his mouth free, choking out a shocked, battered sound as Cas pressed himself up against the bulge in Dean’s trousers. Dean tipped his head up to blink dumbly at the flickering ceiling panel above them, and Cas said,
Make it to where no one else could ever measure up.
“You’re so—” Dean swallowed, trying to figure out a safe point on Cas’ face on which to fuse his gaze, “Cas, you know that I—” his voice trailed off and Cas cocked his head.
he murmurs, voice deep and rumbling against his lips as Dean presses down at the small of Cas’ back until his hip bones press into the sensitive undersides of Dean’s thighs.  He can feel the leftover stickiness of his saliva as Cas rolls his hips and catches at the rim.  They’ve come this close before, exactly this close. Cas hisses, lips pulling back from his teeth as he takes himself in hand and rubs the head against Dean’s hole, smearing precome against him, a steady, inexorable pressure that makes Dean want to bear down and take it and Cas is
it couldn’t be that easy—but he
He should have known.  Dean should have known the vengeance with which the silence he kept would one day turn back against him.
If Cas gets uncomfortable when their bond pulls too far, he doesn’t let on much. Hasn’t once said so in the past four days he’s been awake and ambling.
“So, you gonna do it?  Go be a starving artist in Louisiana? The roads are shit.”
Dean remembers the deliberate effort to change his posture in the chair, lounging against the restraints to present a body that was open and inviting—something Cas would covet and hate himself for.
“But we’ve
“Sorry.  I find fungus incredibly fascinating,” Cas admitted sheepishly and that small, voiceless consciousness buried under layers of hellfire hatred and bottomless rage, began to pulse with fondness.  Dean needed it crushed.
“You never know when to stop.  Keeping hope alive until it bloody just—” she shakes her head and makes a frustrated sound with her mouth, “until it breaks you.  Believe it or not, I don’t want to see that happen to you.”
Eileen arches her brow.
Problem was afterward they were too far out from Sam to go back home for a patch job, and most other hunters Dean knew in the area would just as soon kill him themselves, so the only option was the closest A&E.  Head wounds you don’t play with, especially when Cas got up, fell down, then puked on a bed of daylilies.  Dean was struggling to keep down that patty melt he’d scarfed down earlier himself, still woozy and weak at the knees.
“Unbelievable,” Dean mutters, “your dick is literally in me.”
“Temporarily.”
With both hands Dean reached through and grabbed Cas by the tie, dragged him into the room.
“Oh come on,” Dean complains, turning around to Sam who is already unloading his backpack and digging around for the flashlights.  Cas stands there, staring into the darkness, spine rigid with tension.  “Hey,” Dean says, walking over to stand closer to Cas, says quietly, “why don’t you wait outside and make sure those hikers we saw back there don’t come round for some spelunking.”
Dean doesn’t even finish the case.
He knew they didn’t smell right.
Dean pulls Cas back to himself by the front of his shirt and presses their lips together—achingly, bruisingly—closed mouthed and determined.
Dean rolls his eyes.  “Old dog, new tricks, you know how it is.”
‘I’m sorry,” Dean says, rising abruptly from his spot on the sofa, “I can’t—” he looks over and sees Sam’s concerned face.
“How—what—no, this feels
at some point, thoughtlessly joking.  Dad even laughed, but it didn’t feel funny.  Somewhere inside, Dean knew it wasn’t, it was meant to make him feel small and embarrassed.  Mom hadn’t laughed.  She was
“I think—” Dean squeezes his eyes closed and gasps for air, “it’s a heart attack or—or someth—” he can’t finish the sentence.  His vision begins to tunnel out.
“Jack—”
Dean strains out as Cas’ hands flatten and hold at the small of his back, pounding into him, and Dean contains all of it.  Takes it panting and shuddering, pushes upright onto his knees and palms the back of Cas’ head, twisting his chin to take a kiss—though it’s less of a kiss and more of them just breathing into one another, lips smearing.
Sam grabs the knife before Dean manages to palm the hilt, tucks it away in his belt at the small of his back and only looks sad when Dean scowls and takes a step toward him.  “Dean,” Sam says evenly, holding up his hands in entreaty, “maybe we should give it a rest for the night.  Or pray to Jack—”
Dean groans and flops backward onto bed when the dull ache takes up residence in his chest once again.  He pulls a pillow over his head and screams into it.
“It’s America,” Castiel said, matter-of-fact, “perhaps with better gun control laws there would be less need for lockdown security measures in public facilities,” and with that he closed his fist and hit the button.  The doors swung inward, nearly rapping Dean back against his afflicted skull.  When Dean turned to glare, Cas said a
It wasn’t even true.  Dean didn’t mean it.  Why does he
Dean loses any sense of time, he doesn’t know how long they’ve been making out.  Long enough for Dean to have lost the scent of peanut butter and jelly, and for it to be replaced with Cas’ clean detergent-and-pheromones eau de parfum.  It’s too hard to even consider stopping, every kiss feels like Dean is shedding off this ugly, great weight from his shoulders, and now he’s lighter than he’s ever been.
Fuck it.
before building again in greater intensity. At a certain point it’s going to explode, Dean is absolutely positive of that.  He just isn’t sure of the details—if he’s going to pop like a party balloon with it when it finally reaches the zenith.  He hopes that’s not it.  Always looked
Funny how the taste of hawaiian punch registered to Dean first, and not the realisation that he and Cas were kissing.  That didn’t happen until a solid 3 seconds later when Dean felt Cas’ fingertips trembling where they slid against his jaw, not trying to break the kiss, but just touching there, his lips closed and unmoving against this abrupt departure from rationality.
it when you take every opportunity to air our past grievances and use it as a reason to—”
“Do you feel like committing a murder right now?” Jack asks.
The sound of the button lock on the door knob clicking might as well have been a gunshot with how it made Dean jump, it was almost enough to make the alarms go off in Dean’s head of the unfolding situation.  That imminent voice of reason was squashed the moment Cas pushed him back against the wall. Dean’s breath left his lungs in an awkward exhale from the force of it, and then they were kissing again—Cas’ perpetual stubble burning a path along Dean’s jaw, the world contracting down to the smear of groping hands and saliva
“You don’t remember how you got there?” Dean says slowly.
Dean follows that tug as it pulls him past the study table with its chairs blown backward across the floor several feet away.  It’s a mess— papers, books, their breakfast dishes—all flung around the space like a small tornado entered the room and wreaked havoc before spinning itself out.  Obviously
He struggles against the hand on his collar, but still being in the recovery part of regaining consciousness the best he manages is a firm jerk of his body that causes him to be dropped.  His head smacks against the rock floor.  Whatever is carrying him curses and Dean feels hands grabbing at him to readjust, before it’s back to the dragging again.  At least that confirms it’s human-shaped, and there’s not something else fun and horrific in the cave snatching Dean up for a to-go meal.
“Dean, come on, I
So, in light of Dean’s restlessness, he begins testing the physical limits of the bond.  It’s hard to put mind over matter when every atom of his body rejects the suggestion of distance, and it’s not like Dean wants to leave Cas’ side either—but it’s just impractical not to have
“Well,” Dean starts, trying to levity, “you know they say the way to a man’s heart is through his…” he looks at the plates on the countertop and back at Cas, eyebrows raised, willing him to understand.
Dean drives three hours to Jody’s after he puts the call in to Donna—doesn’t think he can stand going back to the silence of the bunker right now, and for the first time in months, Dean doesn’t want to be left alone.  That’s new.  Past year he’s been driving these old backwood logging roads, aimless and numb, just to feel the distance opening up around him like a scream—just to feel alone with Cas, even if it’s only the memory of him.  But Dean has gone far enough now to know there’s not a place out there that will wash away the old longing in his soul.
“Yeah. So?  How does that help me?  I wouldn't just bust up on the guy and say HEY!  Remember when you told me you loved me and died? Sort of?  Pepperidge Farm sure as hell remembers! It’d be fuckin’ weird and you know it.” Dean takes a drink when Sam gives him A Look. “Or maybe he came to his senses in the Empty.”
“Well, there’s therapy but—”
alive.  Dean can feel the force of it humming inside of himself and doesn’t stop to think how that’s possible.
Grounding him, Dean thinks now.  That’s how it felt.  Not the rough or punishing thing Dean had tried to start it as—Cas was steady and definite, where Dean was all urgency and recklessness.
Sam clears his throat and waves the flashlights in his hands.  “Hey um..so, what’s the plan?”
instead of existing between one tragedy and the next.  After everything you and Sam have done, you deserved that.  After what I have taken from you—”
Dean arranges himself under the sheets, lying face up.  Cas does the same and folds his hands low over his chest.
that way.”  Eileen sort of gives him a polite smile, and yeah, sure, he’s not buying it either, but, “And there was Lisa, that’s a big one.”
He used to get those around Cas quite a bit in the early days, before he began suspecting what it meant and it all got wrapped up in layers and layers of complication and impossibility.
was supposed to be the tether—
“Would you like me to drive?” Cas says in a very pointed
me this, I-”
...and they meant well, I know.  But it’s all bullshit. I still miss them just as much, I still grieve.  Some days I still don’t want to get up—hell, some days I don’t.  I just lie there and hurt.”
Jack lowers his hands and starts looking nervous again.  “I was not concerned about.. side effects.  You see I am already immense, omnipresent.  I am everywhere, and well...
“No, it’s—honestly it’s difficult to bring it into focus.  Emptiness by nature is suppressive, I wasn’t always.. conscious? I suppose that’s the right word.  Perhaps if I had not crossed the Shadow personally, I might have remained suspended in the oblivion.  Nothing is not so terrible when you lack awareness.”
. He was such a sap! He was getting emotional again as he watched the couple moving across the dance floor, impressing their guests. He thought the song that they had picked out was perfect.
Sam looked over at his brother, who now had his full attention. “Whenever you are ready to talk about it, you know I am here for you, Dean.”
“I’m right here.” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas, slowing the hand still working his erection to a lazy loving stroke to match the sweetness of the kiss. Cas reached up and threaded his fingers through his hair, giving it a slight pull, which drove Dean a little crazy. Then, Cas was all hands, touching and feeling his way across Dean’s chest and arms and down his torso to finally pull off his boxers. And when their swollen erections rubbed together, it was magnificent.
in what the guy is up to.  He just wants to make sure that the hockey players and the figure skater aren’t getting in each other’s way.  They aren’t.  Castiel seems extremely focused on what he is doing and the players on his team are at the top of their game, rarely missing a pass.
Castiel stops abruptly when he sees Dean standing at the edge of the ice and skates over to Dean, spraying snow everywhere with a perfect hockey stop. Hands on his hips, he stares down Dean and insists, “What are
"Yeah, Benny. It's just… a lot to process, you know?"
“When I finally did get started to the correct music, I fell on every one of my first three jumps, spraining my wrist on the final fall. Everyone said I was the worst skater ever and shouldn’t have even made it to the regionals and that I should just stop skating.”
“Hardly,” groaned Castiel with an eye roll. “Pamela buys them so that she will have one for when she falls asleep here.”
Jo rolled her eyes and smirked at Dean, “So will it be the usual, Dean? I’m thinking sex-on-the-beach for Barbie and maybe purple nurple for Lucy Liu?”
Castiel groans as Anna’s jaw drops.  “Balthazar, can you excuse us?  I believe I need to talk with Anna alone.”
“Cas…”
“Yes, Dean, come for me. Wanna feel it.”
Last night, he had had more fun sitting in a dark hospital room with Castiel than he has had with a real date in a long time.  He can’t remember the last time he connected with someone so easily.  And then there was that moment when Castiel woke him.  He wasn’t quite awake yet, hadn’t put up his usual guard and he had caught the man’s eyes and just couldn’t look away.  Holy shit!  It had been crazy!  He had held his breath, actually couldn’t fucking breathe for a moment with how much he wanted to close the few inches between them and kiss Cas.
“I don’t know.  What about Sam?”
Cas’ tongue licks experimentally at Dean’s lips and Dean immediately gets on board with that, opening for Cas and letting his mouth be explored and tasted.  God, Cas feels so good. And it’s not just the physical feeling of the kiss. There is something about Cas, some connection that he can’t even explain.  He has been drawn to the figure skater since the first moment he was captured in those blue eyes.  He has been falling steadily into Cas’ gravity since then and there is no escaping the draw now.  He doesn’t even understand it. Why Cas?  Sure, the man is gorgeous but it’s so much more than that. He doesn’t think he could have stayed away from Cas if he had tried. He is hypnotized by his voice, mesmerized by his eyes, calmed by his touch, and just about now immensely turned on by the way Cas’ tongue just swiped across the inside of his upper lip.  And Dean shivers, actually shivers with the intensity.
Baby you can drive my car
The face Sam makes is so hilarious Dean would laugh out loud if they weren’t in front of cameras right now.  The poor guy looks incredibly uncomfortable but manages to regain his composure and tell Becky, “No, I don’t think that love is in the cards for either of us right now.  We both have some really important hockey games coming up so our concentration will be on our sport.  I think we would both agree,” he adds, nodding at Dean, “that our focus right now is solely on Sunday’s game.”
Thankfully, he is able to find the lube and condoms shoved in a side pocket quickly and when he turns back around, Cas is propped up on one elbow, slowly stroking himself with his free hand and staring at Dean with a hungry grin on his face.
That morning the beach had been sunny, hot and playful. Now it was raw nature, all power and energy. Cas stood on the edge of the raging water, the roar of the white capped waves bathing over him and the wind sending a chill through him that had him pulling his hoodie a little closer to his body. Dean saw this and moved behind him, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder and wrapping his arms around his middle, sharing their warmth.
The assistant nodded and replied sheepishly, “Um… do you think… maybe we should call the police… first?”
More recently they had been working on preparing their home to welcome Faith. The little girl had been such a gift. He smiled just thinking about how in love with her Dean was. Castiel’s favorite thing had become standing in the doorway of the nursery, listening to Dean sing her to sleep. Hey Jude was always a favorite because that’s what his mother had sung to him.
Anna laughs and rolls onto her side, mimicking Castiel so that the siblings are now facing one another.  “Just because he’s been with girls doesn’t mean he doesn’t like men too.  Just look at Balthazar.”
Lots of hockey terms in this chapter as team US plays team Russia.
“Dean could teach you,” Sam pipes in excitedly. “He’s the best! He taught me and I clean up at school”
“All the time. But I have built a new life. Pamela and I have worked hard to make the studio a success and dancing is something that I love almost as much as flying so I guess I am pretty fortunate.”
“Wait!” Cas blurted out and lunged for Dean’s arm.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean broke away and ran to the stove to rescue his food while Castiel opened a window and fanned the smoke alarm. Dean was too late, burned French toast was smoking against the blackened butter in the pan, which he grabbed and tossed into the sink. “Fuck,” he yelled as grease spit out and burned his hand while Cas batted the alarm right off the ceiling with a broom handle and it went crashing to the floor, sliding across the room.
Dean leaned over to kiss along the symbol and stopped to nip at Cas’ hip. “I like it. Castiel Krushnic… angel.” He traced the line of Cas’ hip with his tongue before sucking, humming his pleasure, drawing a red mark in the crease of Cas’ hip. Cas positively mewled as his eyes fluttered closed. Dean smiled at his accomplishment before laying his hands over Cas’ torso and propping his chin on them, looking up at his lover, “You must have been watching over me. You saved me from one crappy dream.”
Dean squints at him, “Dude, that’s not what I meant when I said jump his bones.”
He started it up and could feel the powerful machine come to life around him. The vibration of the engine was intoxicating. It filled him with a rush of anticipation. Then the blades began turning, and with each increasingly fast beat of their rhythm, Castiel could feel the energy thrumming through him. He was ready to fly once again!
“No way, we aren’t leaving here without our footage,” Harry insisted.
“Naw, we’ll grab a table. Don’t want to be harassed by Flo here.”
Castiel sits in a little coffee shop, soaking in the strong black liquid and nursing one heck of a hangover as he reflects on his strange day.
The actress smiled, “Actually, It’s Sophia Corbin.  You must be a fan?”
“How are you-“ Dean begins but is cut off by Cas.
“Oh, God, Cas!” Dean groaned when he finally felt the wet heat of the man’s mouth as he took him in with one slow motion. “Yes, that is… fuuuuck!”
He thought about what Cas had said - family. He did love the sound of the word family attached to Cas. He could absolutely see coming home to Cas every night and waking up with him every morning. God, in the past couple of months he had found himself watching the clock in the afternoons that he knew they would see each other, eager to get out the door and see Cas’ face. But a picket fence and a kid? No way!
“Nothing, Balthazar.  I just got a little thrown off.  Dean was here and then there were reporters and…”
You’ve got to be kidding, thought Sam.  OK, sure, he liked to work out and took pride in his body but is this how Chuck had interpreted him?  God, he hoped this case ended quickly!
“No way, I’m not leaving yet. We need to talk first.”
Castiel had seen so many injuries he thought nothing could affect him anymore, but the site of Balthazar laying on the cot, with the life draining from his eyes, made him crumble. The man he loved was barely recognizable. One side of his face was covered in crisp white bandaging, his blond hair blackened and burned. Castiel’s eyes quickly scanned over his body noticing far too many bandages and the heart monitor he was hooked up to beeped a slow irregular pace.
“You put our faces in your film and it will be the last thing you do,” Dean threatened.
Credits:
“Oh, I know that Dean was with Anna and not Castiel in the books, but Anna ended up betraying him and Castiel is the one who stuck around.  Shouldn’t that mean that Castiel is the one Dean should be with?”  The actress was full on crying again, making Dean extremely uncomfortable.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You do, huh?  And how is that?”
A short man dressed in all black barges into the room.  It’s Fergus Crowley, the Winchester’s agent.
Anna rolls her eyes at Balthazar, “Know him?  Something like that.”
Credits:
Life views are hard to change. It's not easy when something that's simply been a constant suddenly changes. Some things just are: the earth is round, the pythagorean theorem always works, the solid strength of his brother's hugs always comfort. Other things need to be sorted into the doesn't-always-work-the-way-it-should category like when you hit the puck against the boards at a 30 degree angle, it should bounce off at the same angle. Sam knows it doesn't always work that way. The ice may be bumpy or the team mate who was supposed to be on the receiving end of that 30 degree angled pass wasn't where there or worse, the angle worked perfectly and an opposing team mate would intercept.
“Look, I don’t know what happened to you, but you’re right about Luc.  He’s a complete tool.  That doesn’t mean we’re all like that.”
“I’m going to kill that son of a bitch.”
“I know what you hockey players are like.”
“Son of a bitch,” he grumbles and tries to gather up what dignity he can as he puts his hand out to Cas to hand over the ticket to his doom.
~ * ~
Sam finds Dean in the garage under the Impala. The portable radio that he set up in here is blasting Korn because it’s loud and angry and about the only thing drowning out his own thoughts. Sam shuts off the music and Dean prepares himself mentally for a confrontation.
“Oh no! This is too good. What, does taste in men run in the family?”
does it mean,” Sam asks, obviously unsatisfied with Dean’s lack of interrogation.
Dean shouts, spinning on his heels with his arms out.  “You thought
“I understand,” Cas said quietly.
At dinner there’s a big pot of spaghetti, the room is filled with laughter and the sounds of contentment, and Dean can’t process how it is, after everything, that they’ve managed to hold on to this family.  Through actual blood sweat and tears they’ve helped make this happen, and Dean doesn’t take it for granted one second.
It’s deep, but softer and unrushed, very unlike their kisses from before—borne out of mutual fear that any moment the other might come to their senses, or it might be their last chance to touch.  This is what their first kiss should have been.  Dean’s fists unclench from his sides and he slides his hands up Cas’ back, brushes his fingers in his hair.  Dean gives a light tug and Cas’ breath hitches, the tips of their tongues licking together.  He has Cas pulling back and switching the angles of their heads, the ledge digs into the small of Dean’s back as Cas presses him up against it.
“That’s not what I’m doing!”
happy
Rowena emerges from behind a column, pauses there and gives Dean a look he doesn’t care to interpret because his gut is telling him it’s pity.  “I know,” she says solemnly, pushes away from the column and walks over and sits across from Dean at the table.  She pours herself a drink. “I heard you.”
good.  Soft mouth pressed against Dean’s own, the flick of the tips of their tongues, the occasional bite to the bottom lip. Kissing Cas was always good.  He always put his whole heart into it, like there wouldn’t be another chance.
“You have to be stubborn.  Keep trying.  Try new ways.”
People should have
“You’re
“Cas,” Dean manages to breathe out, stroking his hands up into Cas’ hair, down his back, trying to soothe away a desperation that goes beyond Dean’s understanding of it.  He only knows it’s
Dean couldn’t, wouldn’t say,
It made something frantic break open inside of Dean.  He snatched Cas by the hair on the back of his head and pulled until they were kissing again—messy, barely coordinated, the last of Cas’ quiet whimpers buzzing against Dean’s lips—then good again.
“Shit!” Dean reaches for the handle of the press and throws it open. Rather than a pleasant, deep brown—the grill lines are black with char.  Dean tries to pick it up too fast, burning hot jelly and peanut butter attempt to ooze out the sides onto his palms.  He makes a sort of
“That right? You and Sammy thinking about—” he doesn’t know the sign for
“I—” Cas does a confused thing with his face, “I do not need anything.”
Dean doesn’t even know if he’s screaming or not, if he even has a mouth to do that sort of thing anymore.  This is the kind of pain that makes your whole body lock up, steals the breath from your lungs, whites your vision out into a crackle of pressure phosphenes.  The only thing Dean can feel outside the pain, is the blessed coolness of the bunker floor as he falls and begins seizing there.
The words are burned into Dean’s brain, and as long as he’s moving, doing something—as unavailing as it might be—he can keep a step ahead of those last words. Won’t have to feel them like an open wound.  Won’t have to remember the great slur of
Rowena doesn’t answer her first summoning, or the second.  She doesn’t even answer on the baker’s dozen where Dean begins shouting frustrated obscenities at the clay bowl as the sickening scent of burnt lilac, crushed monarch chrysalis, and his own blood finally burn out.
Cas never said anything though, just carefully placed it with the rest of the pictures and handed them back to Dean.  “I am glad you have your mother back.”
Castiel in demeanour that for a second Dean has to remind himself that somehow Jack and Cas don’t actually share common DNA.
“It does not seem to have gotten any easier for
“Wait, this isn’t news to you?” Dean asks, accusatory for some reason.
“I said I don’t want to
“Humans..” she mutters, as if she was never one, “always doing this.”
“Why didn’t it work?”  Sam asks from his corner.
Ever since the botched endeavour of the morning at Jody’s, a wave of melancholy will overcome Dean so completely that it’s all he can do to stay standing and not curl into a ball on the floor.  Fucking
expression.  “Such a dear lad.”
to live up to this expecta—look, forget that for now— it wasn’t just you.  You didn’t think you could have this, us,” Dean motions between them and doesn’t look Cas in the eyes.  “I didn’t think I could, either. But then you were gone and I—fuck—I should have told you.  I should have said it.  But I was afraid of what it would mean.  And so much has happened between us that I can’t—I just can’t take back.”
come back to the bunker—not knowing for certain what he might be carrying in the back of his mind.  If Dean had been in any condition to think straight, he would have said so, made them leave him somewhere isolated because he knew,
“Really, man? That’s your takeaway? I realise it’s not blasting Peter Gabriel from a boombox outside your bedroom window, but give me a break!  This is sort of virgin fucking territory for me, too.  It’s a
Dean is on his way to stick the demon blade in Simeon’s back when something smashes against the back of the skull.  His vision swims and Dean feels himself stumble and land hard on his knees against the cavern floor.  It must’ve been bad enough to cause him to black out for some length of time, because the next thing Dean is aware of is his body being dragged across uneven rocks, his tailbone and shoulders hitting bumps and jagged protrusions along the way.  His hands are bound in front of him. It’s pitch black, wherever they are.  Whoever got the drop on him is navigating by echolocation??  Dean guesses??  Then Dean remembers how Belphegor once possessed Jack’s eyeless, burned out corpse, and got around just fine.
How did it start?  Something like, “Finally, thought he’d never leave us alone,” and of course Cas didn’t reply so Dean had ramped it up.  “C’mon angel, don’t just stand there, at least
“You’ve read The Symposium?” Sam asks suspiciously.
tucked away in a disheveled 5’11 package with a
“Yes, Dean.”
to be a way.  There’s always a fucking way.  A rule just lookin’ to get bent—”
“Shut up,” the demon hisses, dropping Dean and turning to kick him once in the ribs, luckily not hard enough to break bone, before picking him up by the collar again.  “You won’t be alive to see it anyways.  Your brother is probably dead already, and if your broken-down pet angel is still alive, maybe Simeon will let you watch him get taken apart, piece by piece.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says.  His voice is small, a little timid and awkward.
at and it’s not because he was
happy and without pain, finished.  Dean could make peace with that, slowly and begrudgingly, but he got there all the same. But Cas is
“Yes, until we’re not.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asks helplessly, reaching toward him.
It isn’t like Dean doesn’t still get up in his own head, it isn’t like the anger disappeared— but Cas is right, it feels changed.  He doesn’t know why or how, or when it happened.  Maybe he’s coping?  That would definitely be new in comparison to the chronic running away from it.
Cas shudders a little at that, which is a better response. “I know.”  He braces himself over Dean, hips retreating, then returning in a slow, but steady thrust—hard enough that Dean can hear the smack of their skin together at the end.  He does it again, and Dean feels himself relaxing around it, opening to it.  Cas keeps at that pace forever, can’t be tempted into anything faster no matter how much Dean writhes and moans underneath him.
All the time Dean spent trying not to love Castiel because he thought it would keep him from one day losing him, and Dean still lost him anyway.
“It’s still new for you-”
Dean lets out an involuntary groan as the bond stretches beyond the average discomfort, burns away in his chest as his soul tries to reach across the distance.  He feels his nose beginning to bleed from the pressure pain in his body.  “Back,” Dean slurs weakly, still disoriented, only really knowing he needs to find Cas and stop the pain.  “I need to go—”
“Cas, hold—wait,” Dean gasped between one kiss and the next, surprised he was even able to form the thought out loud, “not here.”
“Could have just fucking
and if it would make it worse to walk in and demand an explanation, or if that’s what Cas wants him to do.  Dean just wants to know what to
“Okay, alright,” Dean rubs the sore spot on his forehead, “sheez.  Good talk, coach.”
Cas’ chest rises and falls in a deep, even rhythm, his lips parted as he breathes, eyes closed to the world. Dean brushes the hair off his forehead and Cas startles—but it’s only to roll over onto his side. Dean stares at him like that for a while, how the worry line between his brow is smoothed away, the way he sleeps curled with a hand trapped under his cheek.  Dean hopes he’s not dreaming of endless, empty space.  Hopes Cas senses he’s not alone.
“Yeah?”
Dean is only
does that shy thing where he smiles and won’t look you in the eye, and Dean seethes. “Tell her I said thank you?”
Cas cocks his head.  “And this is why you’ve… made three dozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Because you want to..do nothing. But.. together?”
He knows now that they were flirting, but had Dean known then?  Knew what it was doing to Cas?
“You don’t need to tell me again. I remember last time perfectly well.”
Dean pauses, pulls back minutely, both hands still cupped against Cas’ face.  The blue of his eyes are almost totally edged out with pupil.  “Uh..right. Right. Sorry, that’s not what I thought you were gonna ask. I guess..”
“It’s because I want to keep you safe, dumbass!” Dean whisper-shouts, and Cas blinks. “I want to keep you safe,” Dean says, “and I don’t want you to go in there and remember how it felt to be—to be lost in the dark, not if I can help it.  I don’t want you to feel like that ever again.”
He’s got it all the way to the till where Dean nearly wretches on the counter in front of the cashier trying to ring him up, sweating profusely and on the inexplicable verge of tears as he throws a twenty at the poor kid, leaving without change.
That one goes right through Dean’s heart.  “You were never useless, Cas.”
“That’s just it though,” Dean whispers, “How do you know it's right?  What if it only feels that way because there’s always been this… this magnetic thing between you—this
and five minutes later he’s passed out at the dining room table, the parlor floor in front of the TV, in the tub.  (He’s actually lost bath privileges, it’s showers only after Dean had felt a sudden choked off feeling in his throat, a wave of anxiety, which stopped as suddenly as it came.  When Dean tracked Cas down to the bathroom and demanded to know what the
gotta live with it? You can’t just dump that on a guy and peace out!” Dean says a little louder, throwing down a spanner and putting his hands on his thighs, “Sure, I woulda been an ass about it and probably would have freaked out and said some awful shit and things would have gotten weird. But that—you—” The more Dean says it out loud, the more he understands why Cas never said anything at all.  “And why the hell would you want that with me, anyways? I’m
Dean pleads with him, needing to feel Cas let go as much as Cas needs it himself, “Jesus Cas, come on, come on.  Kiss me.”
“Guys,” Dean rasps, still shaky and beginning to feel queasy, “guys move, I need to—”  Sam spins around so fast that Dean almost falls down in surprise.  Blinking, Sam grips his upper arm to steady him, mouth open and fishing for something to say.  “What?” Dean asks, officially starting to panic.  “What did I do?”
Cas’ whole posture and expressions shutters.  “I’m sorry,” Dean rubs his hands over his face, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have yelled.  I’m just tired.”
“I thought you might want to have this conversation alone,” she amends, her eyes drifting toward the room where Sam’s sleeping.
Dean could never reclaim that part as his own again, can’t think of anything that would make him want it back.  He remembers how much it hurt, carrying it all alone.
“Okay, okay— just tell me what’s the catch.”
too! You were wrong,” Dean says, deflating, “you were wrong about me.”
or whatever
“Is that better?”  Cas asks.
Cas’ brows go low and he looks at the ground, shaking his head.  “I need to—” then he turns around and walks out of the room.
How could he have forgotten that?  How could he have borne the division afterward?
He’d been the one who had made Cas do it, that little jog through Dean’s mind, he needed something to help silence the queasy feeling of dread.  He had to know he was alone inside of himself, needed proof, and Cas was the only one there with the power to do it.  If there had been another way, Dean wouldn’t have asked, wouldn’t have made Cas do that. Doesn’t matter if you’re only looking for something in particular, it’s an extremely intimate, vulnerable fucking thing to brush two minds together, and Dean had just come out of a place where his consciousness was put into a chokehold.  Even as he asked for it, Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to follow through.
Eventually Dean finds himself slouched over a glass of whiskey in the main room, zoned out on self-loathing because at least that’s an easy thing to feel.
was annoying?  Just wait—just you wait asshole, I’m going to stick in your shadowy craw like a chicken bone until you cough him back up I
He doesn’t know what reaction he was expecting from Cas, but it’s not the human equivalent of a modem restart. Cas’ face is entirely blank—not shock or confusion or contemplation—just blank.
when Cas is up and Dean is down.  Honestly, Dean doesn’t know how Cas stands it, feeling that acute wrenching in his chest all night long.
Instead Dean’s mouth stuck shut and he watched Cas leave.  Watched him walk out the door believing he was nothing but a burden to be removed from their lives, as simple as wiping dust from glass.
wants this.  He wants
printed all down the front in Old English font.  There's an inexplicable design of angel wings down the back which had no relationship whatsoever to the song.  It was, like, 2010—the Jersey Shore craze was at its height, and this goofy, overstyled type of graphic tee was an important wardrobe staple for every aspiring douchebag in the country.  Dean would never wear it in public on principle, but the material was soft and a little stretchy, comfortable enough for bed.
“You guys need a new hobby,” Dean rasps out, fumbling against his captor again, stronger this time, but still not strong enough to throw off a demon.  “Maybe take up gardening or something.  Fly-fishing.”  He tries getting a hand in his pocket to check for his extra blade, but meathead here must’ve thought to disarm him before hauling him away.
“Either of you..” Cas amended helplessly when Dean felt his face do something complicated that Cas must’ve interpreted as trepidation.  The reality was that it was taking all of Dean’s will not to lean in and kiss Cas.  He wanted to.  Needed.  It all felt the same anymore.  Dean was just so
I was
“Probably communication.”
“Then everything was black, and I thought maybe—” Cas is still breathing hard from the tussle, his eyes charting all over Dean’s face.  Without warning he lurches forward and grabs Dean up in a hug.  “That was very unpleasant,” he says in a small, shaky voice.
“Please,” she clicks her tongue, “more like leaving you on
I’m a mess. Look, and now you got me talking to myself so I’m friggin’
Without knowing how or why
Dimly, Dean felt his knee was being shoved, then Cas put himself between Dean’s legs and grinding himself on the inside of a thigh— wouldn’t let himself be jostled or moved when Dean arched up against him. He’d barely made any sound this whole time, only letting out a tight, turned-on grunt when Dean scratched his nails down Cas’ spine. The way his chest heaved with every breath was the only other evidence this was affecting him at all.
The angel of Thursday begins to move some more Stars to form new constellations, making Dean smile whenever he’s able to spot a new one. After a few hours of Cas making new constellations and Dean searching them in the sky, Cas teleports them home, back to Lawrence, back into their home.
Sam and Dean had left their hunter past behind them, both moved on and got jobs.
Dean, who has been assembling furniture ever since they arrived finally takes a break, but begins to put clothes in the fresh assembled wardrobe.
“That is actually not that bad of an idea, I’ve thought of it for a while to be honest.” Dean says, smiling at the thought of having a family of his own.
“Dean, I love them all, every single one of them” Cas states, knowing that they could only adopt one kid. “We haven’t visited the infants yet Cas, and I know how much you adore them” his boyfriend says, while smiling.
Dean is happy for both of them, especially for his brother, being able to find his true love.
“Yes Cas, thank you for helping” Jack tells him, smiling brightly. “Is there a day where I could possibly could come visit? I haven’t seen the Winchesters since a few months ago, and I really miss them.”
“Hey Cas, could you come up here and help me for a second? I don’t know how to fix this thing up here” he says, Cas being able to hear the struggle in Jacks voice answers: “Yeah sure, let me tell Dean first, I’ll be up there in a minute.” Cas slowly walks up to Dean.
of way.
Castiel!” Dean doesn’t mean to, but he raises his voice, and
you.  I saw the way you were with each other.  Also, I think the part where your souls still sought each other out across a cosmic abyss kind of drove the point home.” When Dean keeps on staring, Sam shifts on his feet.  “Maybe I should have said something before he—before.  Asked you.  I thought I was doing the right thing not pressuring you to admit something you weren’t ready to say.”
“No, no it’s— you seem different is all. You’re asking for help instead of suffering in silence, to start.  Of course I can still sense your anger, and you’re still just as frustratingly obstinate, and you could probably benefit from years of intense psychological therapy—”
he felt about Cas.  He’d rescued him from Hell, which, yeah, sort of inspires a complicated brand of gratefulness.  Add in the strength, power, the whole
“Of course not here,” Cas muttered, his eyes were gleaming with that manic, determined look Cas would get sometimes, and then he was snatching up Dean’s hand and Dean went staggering behind him down the hall until they came to one of those family bathrooms with the diaper changing station.  A laminated note with an inexplicable smiling sun with
Dean hasn’t entered this room since the last time he left it.  He was afraid he’d end up sitting with his back against the wall all over again wishing for death— more afraid that he’d come in here and find a reason to keep living.
Dean must have said something, had to have said something, because Cas pulled off for a second, breathing hard against Dean’s hip.  He shook his head, his lips damp against the thin skin there. “You don’t mean that,” he said quietly, more to himself than Dean, then swallowed him back down again, not letting up until Dean was shaking.  This wasn’t part of the hazy plan Dean had cobbled together in his head, it was too fast, he wanted more than this and wasn’t ready to stop, but the word
“Damn it!  She died almost 30 years ago.  How the hell are we going to find it?”
“Boston, Yale or Notre Dame for hockey of course, but I really had my eye on Stanford for law.”
“So, wha’d’ya think, Coach?  I like the idea of Sammy going after the wrap-around goals ‘cause their goalie’s got a weaker stick side.”
Dance with me, let me put my arms around you
, is what changed everything. You’re the best friend I’ve ever had and I lo… I love you too, Cas. So that thing that you think you can’t have… what if we give it a shot?”
“I scheduled it all morning.”  Castiel sighs, “Listen, I really need to work on some spins.”
“Yep, with that boy’s long reach, he should be able to sneak one in before the goalie can move across the net.”
Her name was Josie Abaddon and she strutted into his office like she owned the place, her high heels clicking exclamation points across the floor with every step. She was stunning with her red hair pulled up in a French twist, perfect cat-eye makeup and ruby red lipstick. Her clothes were all black and tight, a short black leather jacket over a tight-fitting t-shirt with a sexy red devil-lady on it saying “The Devil made me do it.” Maybe some fire for this fiery red head, Dean had thought when he saw her.
She has begun to love Castiel as one of her own. When he is around, from Sam she can feel a sense of family and the excitement of an intellectually stimulating conversation partner with infinite knowledge to discuss. From Dean, she detects a thousand tumultuous emotions swirling around the angel. She senses things like love, fear, elation, confusion, protectiveness, friendship, and desire. It's a confusing flood of emotions that leaves her sure of only one thing; that this man makes her boys happy, and for that, she is willing to adopt him as one of her own.
After a moment, Dean sniffs as he pulls back presses his fingers into his eyes, “Shit, Sam’s going to think we got lost in here.”
"He's not… letting me down," Sam says defensively.
Dean catches his wrist, “Not yet, Cas, there’s another surprise.”
“Stop!” Castiel exclaims, finally finding his voice. “What’s going on!?”
That gets Dean’s attention. “Huh?” He shakes his head and looks at his brother.  “Oh, nothing. Ran into him at the bar last night. He was really kind of a dick. I didn’t even know who he was until I saw a headline about him this morning.  Apparently, he’s a pretty heavy favorite to win the men’s figure skating.”  Dean runs a hand through his hair.  “What if I ruined his chance to compete?”
“Uh… pretty sure that’s just an orgy.”
“Sam?  Sam?  Can you hear me?”
The same old fears
He knelt up and poured a generous amount of lube onto his fingers and slid one hand between Cas’ legs, and rubbed soft circles around Cas’ hole before sliding one finger in.  Castiel stiffened at the new feeling and Dean rubbed his free hand over Cas’ thigh, placing kisses along the tender skin on the inside of his thigh.  When Cas sighed, a deep pleasure filled release, Dean began to move his finger again, in and out, circling as Cas’ muscles adjusted and began to relax.  Dean added a second finger and scissored them, grazing over Cas’ prostate, causing him to buck his hips in surprise.
“It’s nothing. Stuff like this happens all the time at the shop. But, shit, I ruined breakfast.”
He looked up at the man splayed out beneath him. He loved making him come completely undone, seeing him release everything that usually kept him coiled so tightly and just let go. “That’s it, let go,” he coached, humming onto Dean’s dick, the vibration washing him with a rippling thrill. “I love when you are like this, open and exposed for me. It’s so fucking sexy.”
“Yeah, it’s pretty awesome,” Dean replied into Cas’ ear before sucking his earlobe and placing kisses down his neck. “I’m really glad I came down here with you.”
Castiel answers the door and Dean’s already excited heart skips a beat.  Damn, he’d just seen the guy a few hours ago but somehow every time those eyes meet his he is still surprised at the effect they have on him.
Dozens of Russian athletes greet him through the camera, wish him well, blow him kisses and wave excitedly.  At the end, Dean hands Sam the camera and Castiel catches out of the corner of the screen where he thanks Inias, gives him a quick bro-hug and tells him he’ll see him soon on the ice.  And then it’s over.
Dean laid out the plan for the night.  “OK, Harry, you and Ed are going to help us salt and burn the bones.  Ed should be back here soon.  Call him and tell him to bring working clothes for you.”  Harry nodded and walked off to call his friend.  “Melody, you should be safe here.  We’ll put down a salt ring that the spirit can’t pass through.  Just stay in the ring and you’ll be fine.”
“Fuck! I’m a creeper,” Dean mumbles to himself deciding he needs to grow a pair and just go out there.  He paints on his best bravado and walks out to the bench.  He picks up a stick and puck and starts bouncing the puck off the end of the stick absently until Castiel spots him.
Sam’s phone rang while he was sitting on the hood of the Impala waiting for Harry.
Dean let out a whimper when Castiel brought his hand up and threaded it though his hair, giving it a gentle squeeze as he deepened the kiss. Cas made him feel loved and treasured and he could let go and swim in the emotions and the touch of this man.
But Castiel didn’t have a chance to finish as Dean was yanked off of him and thrown down the hallway frozen again even further away when the spirit reappeared.  Sam had grabbed the shotgun from Harry but it was thrown from his hands and clattered across the floor as he too was again shoved back and incapacitated.
“We’ll figure it out together. But first, can we do that again?” He asks, the slightest smirk on his face.
“I don’t know, Dean. What did he say that made him happy?”
Castiel felt every word from Dean and smiled back, feeling more in love than he had ever felt before.
Castiel’s eyes widen for a second before a mischievous smirk crosses his face before he flirts, “Oh, Dean, looking me up?  I’m flattered but-”
Dean resigned to make things right with Cas. He would head over to his place first thing in the morning when he was sober and cleaned up and he would sweep him off his feet and apologize and beg his forgiveness and promise him everything, nothing was off the table, as long as he would give him another chance.
Cas.  He wraps himself around the man, holding tightly, stroking a soothing rhythm into his hair, melding their bodies together until he can’t tell where he ends and Cas begins.
“Cas, man, I need to say something here. It’s about what… what you said before the Empty.”
Cas continued to increase the pressure and friction between them and Dean could hear his lover’s breathing becoming more shallow and desperate, he reached his other arm down around Cas’ ass, onto his thigh and pulled upwards. Cas took the cue and wrapped both legs around Dean’s waist as Dean held him with strong arms and walked them until Cas was pressed against the wall and let out a soft “oof” at the unexpected pressure.
He watches, silently, as Castiel moves across the ice.  The guy is fast, skating backwards coast to coast setting up for a huge jump that starts out with tight, fast rotations until he kicks his leg out and slows himself, landing on one foot and stopping.  He leans over, placing his hands on his knees and drops his head and sighs.  Dean is pretty sure he isn’t happy with that jump, not that he would know what figure skating jumps should look like.
The surprise movement causes Castiel’s breath to hitch but he follows Dean’s every movement like a dancer following a long time partner’s lead. Dean has wanted this for so long. For years Baby has felt his desire for the angel, to be with him, to talk to him, to protect him. It scared him, wanting to be with someone like Castiel, who always seemed so unfathomable, timeless, and elusive. And there was always something in their way, some obstacle that seemed unsurmountable, like the angel Gadreel possessing Sam, Castiel’s fading grace, or the Mark of Cain darkening Dean’s soul. Finally, her boys are all healthy and themselves and there is no longer anything standing in the way of Dean and Cas finding love and happiness in one another.
“What if we just watch the event on TV and tell her we showed up?” Dean raises his eyebrows at Castiel hopefully.
Dean quickly regains his composure and smiles at Becky, “Yes, that’s Bela.  We met her at the athlete’s village our first night here.  Sorry, no juicy gossip for you, Becky, we just met and we’re only friends.  You can count on no romances for me here in Sochi.”
Dean stood in his office and peered through the window into the garage where he had left Cas to the buffing work while he took a call from a client. He watched the way the man’s muscles moved and pulled across his back and arms, especially visible through the tight t-shirt Cas had worn today. He was leaning over the closed hood of the car and Dean had a perfect view of his tight ass. Dean swallowed as the sight stirred a desire in him that he had long ago buried.
Dean’s eyes filled with tears he would never let fall and they begged Cas’ for understanding.
Dean stands up and kicks the side of Sam’s mattress to get his brother moving.  “Dude, you need to take it easy… and that’s coming from me!”
Dean thinks back.  Yeah, he was pretty sure they spent a season, maybe even two, in Texas.  He remembers it being hot as hell.  “Yeah, I think I was like twelve or thirteen when he was there.  He got moved around a lot so it’s hard to remember exactly when it was.  Who’s your dad?”
Sam gulped and nodded, eyes wide as she stepped back onto her piece of tape and smiled at him.  He looked down at the paper where she had pointed and groaned, “Where’s Lilith?”
Once a slow
And finally there’s Sam.  He spots the giant man over the heads of a few other players.  He already has his helmet off and is grinning ear to ear as he celebrates with their teammates.  Dean takes off his own helmet, skates straight up to him, and embraces him whispering, “You were awesome out there tonight. Wish Dad could have seen it.”
Dean found the Ghostfacers, huddled together with their backs to the wall on the other side of the door.  Harry was digging through the bag as Ed was narrating to the camera Maggie was holding up.  He was breathing heavily, taking in huge gulps of air between words.  “We (breath) are here at (breath) the set of (breath) the Supernatural movie (breath).  The ghost of (breath) Nick Morgan’s dead girlfriend (breath) has already murdered (breath) once and is now (breath) on the rampage (breath) for another victim.”
At precisely 2:30, he knocks on the door of room 738 and waits. He hears some shuffling around and when the door opens, he is greeted by a huge scarecrow. A very familiar looking scarecrow. The very scarecrow, in fact, that his character had vanquished back in season 2 (or at least a damn good facsimile).
Dean sees the whole thing and his blood boils as he barrels towards Lucifer, ready to tear into the guy.  Benny grabs him and stops him, growling in his ear something about not getting himself kicked out of the game.  The blood pounding in Dean’s ears keeps him from hearing clearly what his friend his saying but it’s enough of a delay to keep Luc safe as the ref locks him right back in the penalty box.
“Sam, get medical!” He yells to his brother as he is skating as fast as he can towards the figure skater who is lying motionless.  He stops in front of Castiel and squats down to check his condition.  The man is out cold and there is blood on the ice.  Dean has seen plenty of hockey injuries.  Blood on the ice isn’t even a rare occurrence but for some reason looking at that growing splotch of dark slush is turning his stomach.
While Ed was gone Sam climbed out of the ground and went to Harry, placing a hand on his back.  “You did good.  We’re almost there.  We just burn her bones and you have just eliminated a vengeful spirit.”
“Cas, fuck, feels so good, yes!” Dean came as waves of pleasure crashed over him as he buried his face in Cas’ neck. Dean collapsed beside Cas but continued to nuzzle kisses into the man’s neck, which brought a beautiful satisfied smile to Cas’ face.
"Trust me," Crowley condescends and Dean is pretty sure that those are the two most ridiculous words that have ever come out of this guy's mouth. "You pay me handsomely to keep your screw ups out of the tabloids. Remember, I'm the puppet master here. I just need you to shut up and smile like a good little dummy."
She immediately covers for her brief moment of vulnerability by shrugging casually, “It’s alright.  Actually, it worked out OK.  I always hated it when he was gone so much.  We barely saw him at all during the regular season.  Now he’s selling cars up in Quebec.  No travel, no worrying about him getting injured every game, get to see him whenever I want.  It’s nice.”  She takes another swig of her drink and huffs a little laugh, “Fate’s kind of a psycho bitch, right?  You never know when she’s gonna throw in a crazy bounce of the puck that’ll change your life.”
“I know. I think I was… defeated after what happened. You can’t imagine how I was treated. I was an officer. I was at the top of my class. I was a decorated soldier and I took so much pride in that. They took that all away. Men who had been my peers, some even friends, they looked at me with disgust. They took everything about me, all that I had done and accomplished and everything that I was as person and reduced it, all of it, down to one word - gay. I tried to tell them that it didn’t matter, that I was still a valuable asset to the Army. They had spent tens of thousands of dollars educating and training me, had entrusted me with multimillion dollar aircraft, just to throw it away because of that one word. I was grilled and accused and judged. It felt like being stripped naked and exposed.
“But,” Dean slurs, “what’cha gotta understand is… ’s my responsibility.  Look out for Sammy.  Always take care of Sammy.  ’s what I was there for.”
Castiel still hadn’t returned to the motel by the time Sam returned and cleaned up.  Dean wanted Sam to stay and rest after a long night, but Sam was insistent that they get Melody back to her normal life and find Castiel.  But neither brother had any idea where to start looking.  The guy had no grace, no money and apparently a dead cell phone.  Their only thought was that maybe he had gone back to the movie set.  Yeah, Dean thought, he could see Cas thinking that he still had a ‘job’ and hoped that he would find him screwing in light bulbs or something.  He actually smiled at the image of Cas, the angel, putting in a light bulb and standing back to say ‘let there be light.’
Sam gave Dean a bitch face that would score a perfect 10 as Dean ducked out of the room with a grin.
Resigned, he and Melody picked up some carry out and a case of beer and headed back to the motel to wait for Sam’s call. After dinner, Dean grabbed a bottle and went outside and took a seat on the Impala.  The waiting sucked.  He was waiting for Sam and waiting for Cas and stuck here with nothing to kill and it was making him antsy.
“You saw the ghost?”
Castiel paused, closed his eyes and let the rising sun warm his face. Dean thought he should take a picture of Cas like this, his chin rising defiantly against the injustices that the world had done to him. He soaked in the line of his jaw, covered in morning stubble and the sight of his dark lashes resting against his cheeks. The lines around his eyes were relaxing as he took a deep breath and his lips ticked up into the tiniest hint of a smile. Dean couldn’t keep his hand from coming up and caressing Cas’ cheek and turning his face to Dean’s so that he could place kisses on each closed eyelid.
“Good morning, Dean,” he answers with a returning kiss to Dean’s forehead.
Dean’s confession scenarios became more and more outlandish in his mind and pretty soon found their way to emulating a bad porno. Yeah, he was pretty sure that showing up at Cas’s door with a pizza in hand wearing nothing but a smile would get him arrested before it got him ravished against a wall, but a guy could dream couldn’t he? And that just sent blood straight to Dean’s traitorous dick. What the hell, might as well make the best of his crazy situation. With Cas’ blue eyes and perfect long hands in his mind, Dean imagined what it would be like to look into those eyes while those hands explored his body and those incredible hips rocked against his so obscenely. Dean worked himself with furious strokes and called Cas’ name as he reached his climax.
"Don’t let it become a distraction."  Bobby’s words echo in Dean’s head.  Castiel already has him distracted and not for the reason that Bobby thinks.
The man gave him a quizzical look before he smiled and lifted his own drink to his lips, “Join the club.  So what’s your trouble?  Money, family, love?”
Baby you can drive my car
It was Dean, after all, who had taught him everything from how to tie his shoes to how to talk to girls and how to fight off bullies. He had to spend his youth raising a little brother while trying, too often in vain, to be the perfect son and assert his individuality and independence from his father at the same time. Sam had taken a different route and didn’t even try to please John. Dean was his care giver and it was Dean’s expectations that he tried to live up to. It was a much more gratifying path to choose. Dean always seemed proud of him.
Dean stops and turns towards him, “Look, dude -”
“Books and dogs,” he tells her matter-of-factly and watches in amusement at the confusion on her face.
Right on time, Sam, who had been silently preparing the blood sigil on the wall behind Lucifer, slams his hand onto it and the archangel slumps into a boneless pile on the floor. He quickly yanks a hair out of his head, tosses it into the cup, and hands it to Dean, who downs the potion in one chug. Sam gives him an apologetic look before hitting him in the jaw with a powerful right hook.
Castiel thought about how different their lives had become. He and Dean had worked hard to build a life for themselves. When he had first met Dean, he was still grieving the loss of Balthazar. He wasn’t really living but just surviving in a sort of animated state. Dean had swept in, inspired him to deal with his past and helped him claim back everything that was important to him. Dean had helped Castiel get his wings back and changed his life for the better in so many ways.
“I’m good, man,” Benny nods, never taking his eyes off of Gordon.
“Hello, ma’am, I’m Lars Ulrich.  This is James Hetfield and Kirk Hammett.  We are new hires.”
"And just so you know," Sam continues, "I'm cool with whatever you decide. "Cause, you're still my big brother."
Dean positively roared, “After what he pulled, don’t you ever fucking call him family again!”
Cas plants his heels and lifts his hips, pressing further into Dean while also giving him access to remove his own pants.  Dean takes this hint and helps him pull the rest of his clothes off in an awkward shuffle of hands and clothes.  As soon as Cas is naked his hands are pushing on Dean’s jeans to free him of his own clothing. Dean lifts himself off of Cas and stands up to quickly get rid of his jeans before crawling back over the waiting body of Castiel.
“I’m gonna fix you, Cas. I need you to let me do this,” Dean says into his neck and he can feel the warmth of every breath on his skin and Dean’s hands holding tight to fistfulls of his button down shirt.
And now there was no stopping the tears that had pooled in Cas’ eyes. They overflowed and Castiel smiled at Dean through them. Dean felt his heart catch at the sight of that smile, blue eyes boring right into him through those dark lashes. God, he loved this man so much it hurt! Dean cupped Cas’ jaw and wiped a tear away with his thumb and brought his forehead to Cas’, whispering, “Don’t cry, baby. I’ll fix this. I’m so sorry. I never want to make you sad again.”
Dean sought out Castiel’s face over the crowd and they locked eyes as the song played. Dean mouthed the words as he stared at Castiel.
Dean shifts his stick to his other hand and takes up a more aggressive stance.  “No. No mistake.  I checked the confirmation this morning.  We’ve got this ice so you may want to head out so me and the other Neanderthals can get our practice in.  Despite what you think, I
~ * ~
“So, old man, is that the kind of stuff you miss being down here in the bunker?”
Dean?  Dean
“I haven’t gotten that far yet, but, Sam, it looks like this may have been what God intended.”
He’s actually pretty exhausted himself, his hangover has been playing the bass drum in his head since he woke up and he can still taste that awful morning after vodka taste in his mouth.  A hot shower and a soft bed are the only things he has on his mind as he heads back to his room.
Dean thinks for a moment, his sharp mind quickly pulling from his vast library of knowledge. “So like Shamanism? You’re saying shit like trees and rivers and… cars really have spirits?”
Castiel tilted his head and opened his eyes as they began to rake over Dean, taking in every curve, freckle and scar and then his hands followed, tracing the lines of his eyes, ghosting over Dean’s skin.  Dean stood, transfixed, aching to touch Cas back but somehow knowing that Cas needed this.  His long fingers traced the outline of Dean’s tattoo and ran across the line of his collar, stopping to map a scar on his arm.
“Cas!” Dean screamed.
"Anyway, it got pretty crazy with me an' Benny facing B&E and assault charges and I was still shitting a brick that the pictures would get out there. Crowley was the one who wheeled and dealed. He might have paid the guys off, I'm still not sure. He told me I shouldn't know. He did tell me that he found enough dirt on those two that I'd never hear from them again. He got them to drop all the charges and make the whole thing look like just a bunch of drunk idiots in a backyard fight."
Dean takes the puck and the play begins at spectacular speed and intensity.  He drives the puck towards the net, heavily pursued by Azazel, one of their top defensemen.  The next minute is a flurry of push and pull, pass and shoot, chase and evade.  Victor gets off a shot to the net and Dean groans as he hears the tell-tale ‘ping’ of the puck off the pipe.  Shit!  One inch to the right and that shot would have gained them the lead!
Benny laughs from the other side of the table and gets up to help Dean drag his moose of a brother out of the bar.  Sam grumbles all the way back to the room, drunkenly telling Dean he isn’t a kid and can’t be ordered around by him anymore.  Dean walks his brother to his bed until he falls, fully dressed, onto the mattress.  Dean takes his brother’s shoes off and checks the alarm on his cell phone before stripping down to his boxers and getting into his bed.
“I’m afraid that we need to keep you here overnight for observation.  I understand that this is important to you, but your health is more important and we would rather have you ready to compete on Monday.”  The doctor’s stiff exterior softens just a bit as she almost smiles and adds, “We are all rooting for you, Castiel.  You need to get better so that you can win the gold for Russia.”
As soon as he was through the front door, he felt the familiar constricting in his lungs and had to brace himself, leaning back against the red brick of the studio wall to keep his balance. Not now, he thought, I can’t have a panic attack now! How had he been so incredibly wrong about Cas? And what the fuck? Talking about family one moment then sleeping with someone else in the next breath?
“And what about you?  How do you feel about him?”
Dean had stopped eating to listen to Castiel’s story. Somehow, seeing Cas as an angel fit perfectly. He had this otherworldly strength and presence to him that Dean couldn’t really explain. He could tell how much the man loved flying. It sucked that he wasn’t doing it any more.
“Naw, I just,” and that’s when Dean reaches up and pulls his mask up, “he said you’d be cool with… meeting me. I’m Dean, by the way.”
“Ash. I had him get all the paperwork to Josie.” Cas was pretty sure he didn’t want to know how Ash had gotten access to military records so he just went with it.
Dean practically runs to the hospital.  Sam’s probably been awake for hours and he wasn’t there.  That familiar sense of guilt begins settling in his stomach.  How could he be so careless and let Sam wake up in a hospital in a foreign country all by himself?  If only he hadn’t gone to Cas’ room last night.  Cas has his him totally distracted and he can’t let himself lose focus.  There’s too much at stake here.  He’s got enough going on with his brother and the Olympic games.
Never losing contact, he caresses down Cas’ length continuing on to ghost over his balls and lightly scrape the inside of his thigh with his fingernails before lifting Cas’ leg at the knee and draping it over his own thighs.  He grabs the lube, squeezes a generous dollop into his hand and seeks out Cas’ perineum.  He massages the sensitive skin and traces the outline of the puckered skin around his hole.  And once he can feel Cas’ muscles begin to relax, he breaches the hole with one finger and Cas is so tight and hot around his finger that both men let out a filthy groan.
And to Dean’s surprise, Cas cups his cheek and pulls him in for the softest of kisses, just a brief light touch of their lips but it kind of makes Dean weak in the knees and when was the last time a simple kiss did
To Dean’s dumbstruck look, Sam just continues, “You don’t have to answer that. But think about it. And while you’re thinking about that, I’m sending him up here to fix you up. You look like shit.”
She finally got enough composure to look to Dean with wide eyes, “N-no.  But I heard her in my head.  She just kept saying ‘mine.’  What was that?”
And before Dean can protest, Cas has drawn the knife across his neck and put his hand over the cut but Dean can see the bright glow of grace piercing through his fingers. It only takes a moment for Cas to collect the stream of grace in his hand and press it into Dean’s chest, directly over his heart. Cas squeezes his eyes shut in concentration as the grace penetrates through Dean’s skin and spreads through his body, nearly instantly healing the wound in his back and insides. It feels like being dunked in an ice bath followed immediately by being wrapped in a toasty warm blanket, the sense of pure comfort and safety is palpable.
“OK,” said Helen pointing to the racks of clothing in the wardrobe area, “Each of these racks are labeled with the character’s clothing.  This is Sam, Dean is across the way and over here is Castiel.  There are tags on each item that tell which act and scene the item will be used for.  We have all the primaries coming in this morning for initial fittings.  You just need to have them try on the ones labeled Act I Scene 1 for now.  If it fits, place them back on the rack.  If it doesn’t, over here on the reject rack.  And if the actor complains about something, mark the label with the specific issue here and we will deal with it.  Got it?”
Cas just tilts his head and gives Dean one of the stupid knowing looks of his.  “Do you really want to do that, Dean?”
Castiel’s eyes and hand drifted down to the Dean’s bandaged wrist, “Oh, are you alright?”
“Look, I don’t pick out the costumes, I just sort them.  Can you just try them on?”  Sam was trying hard not to sound frustrated.
“Fine!  Same old crap.  Cas has up and disappeared again.”
Bela is referred to as a puck bunny - this is a term that means a female hockey fan, but it's often used negatively to refer to those who are more player groupies and not as interested in the game itself
“That’s what this is about? Dean, Dad was wrong for the way he acted. You know that. I hate that he did that to you, but Bobby has never been anything but accepting of us. He’s not Dad. And you owe him the respect of giving him a chance before you decide that he will react like Dad did. Now, get your sorry ass up and go talk to Bobby and make this right.”
Sam shifted on his feet, running through scenarios in his head of how to tell Dean about Cas’ feelings.  “Listen, I was talking to Kevin earlier and he translated some more of the angel tablet.”
“And I’m sure glad you were living in such squalor I had to save your ass.”
Castiel talks a little bit about his injury, tells Dean that there was nothing major found on the tests and that they are just observing him because of some vertigo.  He grouses a bit about feeling so disgusting and the fact that his favorite sweatshirt was destroyed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Finally, he eases back from the hug, and drags a hand through his hair and he knows Cas can tell he’s nervous. “Listen, Cas, there’s something else you need to know.”
Cas looks around the kitchen like he is surprised to find himself there. “I’m dreaming?”
With his free hand he lets Cas’ leg go and gives his cock several long, slow pumps, eliciting a delicious hiss from the gorgeous skater.  God!  He could watch Cas like this all day.  He is so beautiful, his body all defined muscle under golden skin.  But what really takes Dean’s breath away is when Cas looks down at him, those impossibly blue eyes now a thin sapphire ring around dark, lust blown pupils.  Those eyes are the first thing he can remember about Cas and it’s like they left an imprint on him somewhere deep under his skin and he has been drawn to him, caught in his gravity, ever since.
He nearly runs to the on-deck area to tighten his skates and prepare for his performance.  All of these reporters have him much too frazzled.  When Dean showed up out of nowhere, it had taken less than a minute of flirty banter for him to begin to feel composed and confident in the man’s presence.  Something about Dean just makes him at ease and comfortable.  And in just as short a time, that tranquility was shattered by the reporters yelling about Bela and asking the nature of his relationship with Dean.
“A while, don’t worry about it. I decided to make a day of it. Vic’s taking care of the shop so I am free the rest of the day.” When Cas smiled back at him, Dean was pretty sure this is what heaven must be like.
But really, that kid deserved some happiness. John Winchester had been a friend but Bobby couldn’t stand the way he fell apart after Mary’s death. He had seen less and less of John over the years as he was roaming the Midwest with his sons. Damn, he should have stepped in and taken Sam and Dean away from him sooner.
“So, nice job tonight…”
“It’s just after two in the afternoon.”
“That’s…. not so great. Not exactly your typical first date.”
“Wait, so I thought you were interested in someone? Not Josie?”
“Hello, Dean.”
“God, you’re a grumpy little shit in the morning.”
Sam just huffs and rolls his eyes. Dean knows Sam gets all squirmy and uncomfortable when he jokes about sex. He laughs at his prude of a little brother. The guy gets his share of action but he definitely doesn't share Dean's affinity for lewd jokes and innuendo.
“I worked for a goon like you.  You pros are all the same.  Even if you’re only half as bad as Luc, Castiel is still way too good for you.”
Dean clears his throat and begins, “Ok, man. Now I need some answers. What’s going on? How are you even here?”
Yeah, he knows that this crappy connection he’s got going on with Amara might just be the key to finding her, but it’s been two days of Lucifer hanging around the bunker and it’s driving him crazy. Every time he catches a glimpse of tan trench coat or blue eyes his heart does a flip before he remembers, that isn’t really Cas standing there. And now, he can’t even look at his brother. Turning away, he drags a hand down his face and finally admits, “I can’t do it, Sam.”
Dean positively beamed. “She was my old man’s. I completely rebuilt her after she was totaled.”
He bolts up out of the bed knowing that he needs to find Cas now. There’s a good chance that they aren’t the only ones in this dream. Lucifer is squatting in Cas’ vessel and definitely won’t want Dean talking to his prisoner.
“So, Cas, what do you think about the best part of humanity?” Dean smiled at his question.
“Oh, I seriously doubt Sam’s a dull boy,” she grins back.
They fall asleep like that, pulled together by some gravity that Dean doesn’t understand but still held apart by a world that doesn’t understand them.
Charlie and Gilda were swinging each other around on the dance floor. Jess’ best friend had become a part of the family and it was Charlie who had introduced the Winchesters to what had become a favorite family tradition, the Moondoor LARP battle each summer.
“You’ll what, Sammy?” Dean bursts into the room, “You gonna get even with me?  You don’t want to mess with the master.”
~ * ~
Sam gives the defenseman a glare before turning to find his bags.  Sam has never really liked Benny, which is pretty rare because Sam likes everyone.  But Dean knows his brother has a reason not to like the man.
After the animosity that had been seething between them since they met, Dean thought for sure there wasn’t a chance that Castiel would forgive him for the whole puck-to-the-face thing.  He almost didn’t even come back.  When he showed up at the hospital this morning he ran into Castiel’s manager from hell.  Meg had all but threatened his life before he surrendered and left.  It’s not like they would give him information on Castiel’s condition anyway.
“Have fun and let me know how it goes, and Dean?”
And now, Dean offered his help once again. He was willing to spend two solid days trapped in a cramped car to go visit a stranger’s grave for no other reason than to help a friend. He knew that he was falling in love with Dean and that it was a hopeless situation.
It was difficult to see him like that—so open and vulnerable.  Of course, Cas often seemed that way, imminently touchable—the guy tended to wear his heart on his sleeve—but it never disturbed Dean as much as it did that night. It wasn’t difficult like when a stranger cries in front of him and Dean feels a compulsion to avert his eyes to afford them some privacy—but difficult not to match that openness and vulnerability. Difficult not to reach out and cup Cas’ cheek in his palm, difficult not to stroke his hair and cling to him in a different way.  The tenderness was the difficulty, and Dean was afraid his hands had forgotten how to shape it.  He feared reciprocity.
The only sign that Cas was distressed at all by the whole experience is a narrowing of the eyes, and a slightly frosty, “Did you enjoy your walk?”
Dean digs around in his wallet and pulls out the no-limit credit card Charlie gave them way back.  He isn’t sure how it works, exactly.  Something about diverting untraceable funds from Elon Musk holding accounts, but maybe she’d been joking.  All Dean knows is that he never has to worry about grocery money, and Sam didn’t have to take out any student loans.
Cas was supposed to get the hint.  Instead he snorts a laugh, then looks guilty about it.
“Crowley, nothing happened.  That whole fucking article does nothing but jump to conclusions just because we’re hanging out together.”
OK, so fire it is, thought Dean. Not too often he nails the design before the customer even says a word. Hell on wheels was more like it.
~ * ~
“Yes, over here,” she ran towards a yellow Beetle, “but I left the keys inside.”
“How did you… you know… come out?”
“C’mon, we can rendezvous with Sam’s team. I think they are planning a raid.” Dean got up and sprinted to Cas, grabbing his elbow and taking off full speed towards the base camp where Sam and team were guarding Queen Charlie. Dean was apprehensive at first when Charlie invited them all to the Moondoor LARPing Battle, but he was officially having the time of his life.
Castiel was pretty sure he wasn’t missing anything, but kept that opinion to himself. Dean’s enthusiasm was infectious and he found himself looking forward to this day. Dean stretched an arm out for Castiel to enter his apartment.
“Good,” Dean grins, “’cause I already told him we’d meet him for dinner.”
“Doctor, Can I skate?” Castiel cuts her off with his most important question,
“There you are,” he says to Dean. “What’s going on with you? I thought you were going to let Cas heal you? That’s kind of the advantage of having a literal angel living with us.”
Dean shifted his body and Castiel could feel him at his entrance. He watched Dean’s face as he entered him and soaked in the look in his eyes as Dean became surrounded in the pleasure that Cas could give him. Dean’s face was stripped naked of all masks and now Castiel could see the love, adoration, and awe that was shared between them. The men rocked their bodies together, melting into one until there was nothing in the world but Dean and Cas and this moment and they came together, bodies and hearts dancing in perfect time with one another.
“Nice to meet you Miss…?” Dean asks, moving closer to Cas and giving him a soft elbow to the ribs. It works, Cas blinks out of his confusion as his eyes land on Miss Rivas.
Aaaand Castiel was officially awake at that comment. OK, he told himself, that is just a figure of speech, but he had had enough experience with straight men to know that once you told them you were gay, they usually acted like it was contagious disease and would never make a joke like that. Castiel decided he was going to ignore it and write it off as Dean being OK with his sexuality.
Cas gave a low laugh, “Really, Dean?”
Bela chimes in, “We wanted to see if we could get a picture with you.”
“Its my grace. I don’t… I don’t have enough to heal a wound with this much damage.”
Oh great, thinks Sam, another girl falling all over his brother.  A little sting of jealousy comes out of nowhere.  Why does he feel so jealous of Dean over this girl?  Dean gets gorgeous women all the time and it never bothers him.  Well, truth is, he is really attracted to Jess and has spent every minute since she walked in the room thinking about how to make a move.
Theresa put her hand on Castiel’s arm and gave him a warm smile.  “If you need anything else at all, please come back.”
“Well, that’s kinda what happened to me and they are perfect and gorgeous and fucking unattainable in so many ways.” Dean took a deep breath, looked down, running his hand through his hair. Sam waited patiently for his brother to continue. He knew how hard it was for Dean to open up and was trying to give him the space he needed. Finally, after several quiet moments of Dean leaning over into his hand he burst out, “Fuck it! It’s Cas, Sam. And he is taken and too good for me and he’s a guy!”
“Don’t change the subject.”
Cas cuts him off with a kiss, and Dean is dimly aware of the
Cas reached for him, softly pressed his fingertips against Dean’s temples, and made it happen.
“Isn’t it?”
“It has been a couple years since then, and now that we are acknowledging it, there’s a level of performance anxiety I think I am experiencing.”  He flings Dean’s shirt over his shoulder, and betrays absolutely
“No you aren’t,” Cas sighs, “but we will work on it.”  He pushes in a third finger, slicking them in and out, analysing which angle makes Dean jolt in pleasure.  “You’re going to believe me one day.”  When he’s finished, Cas lets his fingers slip out and frames Dean’s hips with his palms, thumbs brushing over the ridge of his iliac crest.  He looks down at Dean consideringly.  “I think you’re ready,” he says.
“No.”
Dean chokes on a laugh. She might as well be asking him to reverse his genetic code and turn into a fish, that seems more doable.  He clenches his teeth together to keep his lips from trembling.  “And if I can’t?”
“I must have done something to— or something happened that I—” Cas’ gaze flashes with something—alarm?—when he looks back up at Dean, then he blinks down at his hands. “No, I. I wouldn’t forget that,” he mutters to himself.
of me if I can’t— what’s the point in any of it! What. Is.
There used to be a time where Dean could sort of navigate around the big
sleeping with—,” he rubs the back of his head.  “Sharing the bed does not bother me.”
I mean there was Cassie.” He considers the relationship for a second.  “Well.  It only lasted a few months, and she did break it off once I told her I was a hunter.  But it was definitely
It’s hard to believe now how
“Oh,” Cas says, quiet.
Christ, when was the last time he kissed someone like this? Probably not since his first kiss where Dean was terrified and wondering what the fuck he was supposed to do with his hands.  That same bubble of terror was still there in this kiss of course, but it wasn’t born of inexperience— rather a fear of the moment that lay beyond the current one where reality would come calling for answers. Dean wanted to put that moment off indefinitely.  He wanted to stay there in the cold sterility of the hospital walls, feeling their shoulders pressed together, the dull ache in Dean’s neck from the awkward way they were turned toward each other, touching Cas in the only way that ever made perfect sense.
to be far away from that piece of your soul for too long.  You sense it even now, don’t you.”
“He what, Dean? Talk to me.”
No.  No that can’t be—that can’t be right.  Can’t be real.
on his plate without us calling in favours. Anyways wouldn’t that be, like, aphorism or whatever?”
“Jack loved Cas like a father,” Sam says gently when Dean puts his hands on his hips, turning back to his futile pacing.
It was because of Michael the second time—not even a full twenty-four hours after Dean woke up in the woods without a megalomaniac archangel in his head, and a keloidal scar on his arm.  He’d stumbled through the doors of that abandoned chapel, disoriented and terrified and a half-dozen other emotions he didn’t have the vocabulary for, only to be confronted by Bobby, mom, and Sam standing there—just as confused as Dean was.
Dean used to think it was the anger that kept him sharp, motivated, but at some point the grief took over, stuck itself everywhere Dean was, and nothing was left untouched by it—not love, or joy, sadness or fury.  Even when mom died, then died all over again, it was never like this.  At least she was
That’s not even the worst part..
There had been other times when they’d gotten real close to it— when Cas had his wings he had a habit of appearing dead center in Dean’s space where he could have literally tripped and made it look like an accident.  Then there were those weird, fucked up episodes with one of them—usually Dean—bloody and pinned to the wall.  He probably would have let Cas do just about anything to him in those moments because Dean’s wires get all mixed up sometimes in a way he doesn’t want to examine too closely. Later, when Dean would be lying in bed, somewhere between awake and asleep, his vigilance would falter and the truth would slip in: There was something living between him and Cas that was so different, so intense, that Dean had to force himself to look in the opposite direction. It went beyond the unspoken gratitude that happens when one guy pulls another guy out of ACTUAL hell, beyond the strength and the power and, well, Dean’s thing for brunettes.
But he’s got it now.  For real.
However much later, Dean isn’t sure, he wakes up sweating in his sheets, a metallic tang in the back of his throat.  He doesn’t even think, just bolts out of bed, not even caring about what direction his legs take him in because he knows wherever it is, he’ll find Cas there waiting for him.  The floor is cold on his bare feet as he pounds down the final corridor and past a heavy door.
rose up in Dean’s head, and he crushed them back down.
wasting away in an underground bunker and slowly dying of vitamin D starvation?  Seriously. I know there’s just dirt out there, but would it kill you to put in a window?”
“C’mon, I’m just kidding.”
“Oh..” Dean huffs a nervous laugh, “well would a
“That’s very kind of you to say.”
“God,” Dean surmises.
“This is starting to look better,” Dean says while mounting a painting onto the wall, standing back once he’s finished.  “Definitely less like a solitary cell.”  He studies the painting—a young boy standing on the other side of a canyon, staring from across the heavy mist which lies between him and a distant city filled with light.  There’s something both wistful and sad about it, and he wonders what it is about it that drew Cas’ eye.  Where is he in this painting?  Is he the traveler, or the light in the distance?
Dean thinks.  It’s because of him that Dean never felt worthy of being loved like this in the first place.  How many years did Dean walk around feeling like he was cursed and that it would spill out onto anyone who got too close. What kind of parent lets their kid go around feeling that way about themselves—like they are only worth what they can provide for other people, until there’s nothing left of their own.
The hunt wasn’t the important part, rogue vampire doing their same old schtick, but it managed to get the drop on Dean and sent him flying through some plaster, thwacking his head on a support beam in the process and making everything go black for a bit.  His vision cleared up just in time to watch Cas get flung through an entire dual pane sliding glass door, and for a moment: Absolute terror.  Dean had still been so accustomed to thinking of Cas as resistant to things like blunt force trauma, angel immunity to vampire bites, that he didn’t really know how to act with a Cas that could be killed as easily as any other man. The glass shattered around him as Cas was thrown beyond Dean’s line of sight, the vamp not far behind— then silence.
Dean already wanted him again, didn’t care about riding out the shuddering aftershocks into a satiated stupor. The need sat there, just as out of control and volatile as before, Dean still half-hard with it.
I can’t do it on my own, I’ve never been good at the man-witch stuff, not like you.”   Sam doesn’t argue but he looks away, his mouth pursed into that thin line he makes when Sam is putting up a deliberate effort to keep something to himself.  “Spit it out,” Dean grates, already pissed about it.
Dean helps Cas arrange his room how he likes it.  There are several green houseplants now set on the shelves and nestled into corners. Dean knows Cas would prefer something bright, something that might attract bees and butterflies since he’s always going on about them, but they live in a hole in the ground and it’s not exactly conducive to UV light.  The lady running the nursery helped Cas pick out a few succulent type plants, a couple Peace Lilies that look more and more
hear him fuss a little. Just so Dean knows it affects him too.  Maybe a little, “
Dean narrows his eyes.
Dean’s hackles go right up. “Don’t wanna talk.”
“It was worse than the actual torture.”
Cas’ lips were chapped, but still soft, soft and lovely.  The cloying sweetness of that hawaiian punch juice box one of the nurses had given him still clung to his mouth.
Waking up is a process now:  Open his eyes. Remember Castiel is gone.  Feel the truth of it weighing him down to the bed, feel it in his bones, and just when it gets to be too much, just when the grief and regret is excruciating enough that Dean is silently begging
“I—” Dean clears his throat.  “Just like that, huh.  Wow. Wow, That’s..yeah alright. Good.”
“Naw,” Dean feels heat crawl into his cheeks and he scrambles for a set of pliers, “just trying to sweet talk this mess.  Check it out,” he holds up the mass of wires, “Men of Letters might have been genius occult book nerds or whatever, but they sure as hell didn’t know how to wire a stove.  I mean—I’m really having to Hurt Locker this thing.” He shakes the knot again before swiveling back around to his work.  “Jeremy Renner doesn’t have shit on me,” he mutters to the stripped red wire.
Cas has collapsed on top of Dean, chest to sweaty chest, mess to fucking mess.  He’s still kissing Dean like both their lives depend on it though, as if he hasn’t just come inside him after fucking Dean incohorent, and Dean tries kissing back as best he can.  But his body is warm and floating still, his mouth and limbs don’t obey when tries kissing back and stroking Cas’ wild hair—the best Dean manages is a clumsy swipe that drags across Cas’ cheek, a loose puckering of his lips, letting the tip of his tongue flick lazily against Cas’.
And then it was there:  The moment of stunned realisation of what they’d just done, what Dean had let them do.  Haltingly, his elbows stiff now from supporting both of their weight, Dean turned in the shelter of Cas’ arms.  Whatever Cas read on his face was enough for him to clench his hands into fists and back up a step, a look of trepidation set into his eyes when Cas looked over to the locked door.  He tried tugging his scrub shirt down over the damp spot spreading on his scrubs.  Dean swallowed and tried not to look, shed his jacket, handed it over for Cas to hold in front of himself.
“Yeeahhh..” Jesus fucking christ.  Dean forgot that Cas is about as dense as lead when it comes to flirting.  “Whatever, time for bed.”
“What do you mean?”
For the first couple days, even going down the hall to take a shower invokes a sickening feeling in Dean’s stomach.  By the time he makes it back to Cas’ side he has a lump in his throat, and a fine sheen of sweat across his forehead.  Dean has met plenty of hunters missing something as small as a finger, or large as a limb, and they’ll talk about the phantom sensations they feel from a part of their body no longer there. It’s the only way Dean can come close to describing how it feels, a piercing
like this.  Didn’t know if I could— still don’t know if I can.  But it was different with you, it always has been!  And I know, I know it’s not fair for me to say any of this, because you’re so
“I ever tell you about the time we thought we were hunting anti-Claus?”
“Remember Jess?”
sort of way.
When he feels it’s safe, Dean wrenches the clutch into drive and pulls back onto the road, tires peeling with the force of acceleration.
sort of energy discharged itself from Dean, but it seems unimportant.  Wherever Dean needs to be is just past the columns that lead into the common room.
To which Dean replies, “Yeah, it was friggin’ great.”
“We’re?”
Dean had felt so alone back then.  He could barely stand to be around Sam, the guilt of what he’d allowed gnawed away in his gut and at his resolve.  Bobby was gone. Cas was mostly gone, hurt and confused by Dean’s behaviour toward him, feeling the totality of being human without much help.  One morning Dean woke up and being home was too much, so he did something easy—found a job and went on a hunt.  He made his excuses to Sam and got the hell out of there.
“What’s that, angel?”
Dean's hands bracket over Cas’ ears and the enormity of it crashes down over him. “I thought I lost you.”
Dean chokes out a laugh.  “Trust me, you were—
Cas’ eyes drift left, then right.  “No, not really.  This isn’t my house.”
They were put into the same room, Cas was given a pair of someone’s lost scrubs as an alternative for his clothes that were covered in mud and blood—his own and that of the vamp’s. They were only separated for a while when each of them were carted off for head scans.  Concussions, no surprise there, but nothing worse than that.  Dean had had worse hangovers. Both of them sat for stitches, and Cas was given a sling for a relocated shoulder which he immediately discarded.
“Okay you’re a geezer, but you’re not
Dean huffs a laugh. “Wow, okay.  Okay,
By the end of the week, Dean feels confident he can make it on a supplies run—nothing big, little convenience store up the road where he can grab a few snacks to fuel his bedside vigil.  Eileen strongly discourages it, since she had been the one to find Dean passed out in the garage with a bloody nose on Wednesday and had to drag him back to Cas’ room all by herself.
Dean lost track of how long they stayed that way, still cocooned in that bubble of pleasure, Dean listening to Cas’ shaky breaths as he tried to bring his respiration to heel. He could feel Cas’ heart racing where he was curved against Dean’s spine. Slowly, Cas lowered his forehead back down against Dean’s shoulder, his mouth pressed against Dean’s neck.  He felt something warm, damp—didn’t know if that was Cas kissing him, or maybe it was just the humid in and out of his breath.  Sweet, intimate.
It’s the most beautiful sound Dean has heard in over a year.
He should have told Cas that Winchesters are cursed to lose the people they love in terrible ways, and Cas was more than Dean could bear to risk.  Instead, Dean swallowed.  “We can’t do this again,” he said, more for himself than anyone, and wanted to take it back as soon as it was out.
“I’ve tried,” Jack blurts, “I am still trying,” he lets out another one of those anguished sighs and finally looks at Dean.  His eyes are shiny-bright and sad.  “I need you to know I will never stop trying to reach through to him.”
“Me too.”
“That’s enough.”
“Yes, I’m fine, so is Sam,” Cas tells him, still panting heavily.  He moves, hands tripping over Dean's shoulders, patting upward until he finds his face and brackets Dean’s cheeks with his hands. Dean fumbles for Cas’ shirt pocket, hands still tied, finds the zippo lighter he’d slipped in there earlier and flips it.
Then Dean is screaming and screaming, blue-flame light erupting from behind his eyes.  He’s isn’t sure how he hasn’t passed out by now, it’s too much.  Too much pain, too much aching, too much of something Dean can’t describe as that place deep inside him divides and something leaves his body.
All Cas did was shake his head, a small smile touching the edges of his mouth.  “I already know.”
“Some people just pull it out you I guess,” Claire murmurs, and doesn’t press for any more than that.
“Is he okay,” Dean asks, interrupting, “are you okay?”
“It is just that the Empty—it is beyond the dark or light, beyond creation.  Beyond me.  I keep trying to negotiate passage, but the Shadow never speaks to me.”
you want.”
“Yeah I got Cas to do that, ”  Dean pauses.  “I know how that sounds, but I did it to keep them safe.  They were better off that way.” The decision had been easy, but the choice had been hard to make, wasn’t it?  That relief he felt afterward, it was just because he’d been content with them being safe even if he wasn’t a part of their lives.  It wasn’t because he never really felt like he
that was, he calmly said
“It’s like riding a bike,” Dean says, breathless and pushing into the touch.
“Yeah, pretty sure that’s just what you’re supposed to say.” Dean spreads his hands in front himself, huffs a laugh, “Maybe they’re right, though.  Maybe I’m just a stubborn sonofabitch.”
“I—” Dean tries to wrap his mind around it and finds himself unable to.  “Yeah man, I can’t really imagine.”
“Dean, it’s—calm down,” Cas swallows and shuts his eyes briefly.  “What are you trying to tell me?”
It takes a solid month for reality to finally crash into Dean, but when it does, the fallout is vicious and absolute.
“You’re gonna make me come,” Dean pants out in a rush, eyes closed, not knowing why he feels the need to say this, and repeats it again like he’s surprised by it.  “Cas,
you or whatever. Yes, I feel shitty for my mistakes and I want to stop making those mistakes.  That’s what I’m trying to do now!”
Deepwater Horizon oil spill looking motherfucker petty
“Yeah,” Dean mutters, “which means there’s probably a good reason he hasn’t done it by now and this is just him telling us to figure it out.  We have to be missing something.  There
That’s really gonna set the mood.
Cas twisted his hips and his dick pushed into the sweat-damp place between the crack of Dean’s ass and the bed, slowly thrusting as much as friction would allow. Dean’s heart began pounding against his ribs.  Cas had pulled Dean’s head aside, was busy kissing and licking against his pulse.  He must have felt the way Dean’s blood began to throb in that pathetic little artery because he pushed Dean’s legs open even farther and ground down against his rim.
Cas half-shouts, whirling on Dean with his coat and shoes hugged protectively to his chest.
Maybe it feels like this for Cas, too.
Cas pulled his jeans down the rest of the way, let his heels flop back down against the floor, and then he wasn’t looming over Dean anymore.  He was kneeling on the ground in front of him and Dean had all of half a second before he felt strong hands immobilising him at the hips, and then—
if they’re nice enough and get pissed when you’re still dealing with the baggage. Not him. I think he knew he could never do completely right by me—but it never stopped him from trying.”   Claire slouches back into her seat and wipes underneath one eye. “I liked it that he tried.”
when they got the tip. It had been a couple months since the last actual hunt. He was ready to gear up and get Baby on the road—but maybe it’s been too long since the last fight, or Dean has finally hit the wall of how much suffering he can witness.  Maybe he’s gone soft, because when they roll into town and start interviewing the people, suddenly the only thing Dean wants to do is leave.
“But I just told him—”
“Remember what?”
the oven to bake that shitty tube of Pillsbury’s cookies at 3a.m. when he can’t sleep.
Dean felt a wild lurch of jealousy that Cas would prefer someone over him, even though this was, technically, him.  “He’d be
Cas does without hesitation, falls into Dean and smears their lips together, then drives up hard into him once, twice, his entire body locking up against Dean’s as release washes over him.  For a moment, Dean forgets how spent his own body is, goes mindless when Cas’ orgasm reverberates through him—feels how it burns away the bitter edge of all that breathless, ceaseless yearning.  Feels a heat and wetness spilling into him, and all Dean can do is pull Cas farther inside, wanting everything, all of it, anything Cas can give him.  They’re joined together, body and soul, and in the great merging of it, Dean struggles to tell himself apart from Cas. Their hearts race together.  The pleasure of it surges through them, together.  Dean is unmade and restored, and for the first time in his life, there is no fear in the back of Dean’s mind that this love comes attached with conditions.  He must only accept it and return it and protect it, and allow Cas to do the same.
Cas shrugs.  “I found it preferable to being alone and unbound in the emptiness.  It meant I could still see you,” he pauses, “and Jack, and Sam.  Everyone.  Left the other way for too long, I would begin to forget.  That’s what happens to all the beings in the Empty.  Eventually they unravel, go silent, they become a part of the darkness itself.”
“I said that’s enough, Dean.”
“Dean, you okay?”
“It’s all the suppressed carnal intention I’ve harboured toward you over the years.  Fantasies and— there are several things I want to try with our bodies. I’ve thought a lot about it.”
Sam opens the door.  “You love him,” he says with a shrug, “I thought maybe in time you both would—I don’t know—work it out.”
Hell.”
significant.  Cas hasn’t talked much at all.  They haven’t even set up ground rules as to the physical side-effects, which is just fucking ridiculous—so much so that Dean gets offended when Cas doesn’t bring it up first, and well, two can play that game.  If he isn’t going to say anything, neither is Dean!  Not like Dean hasn’t been dragging himself around the country with all the enthusiasm of a corpse over this guy for the past year, and Cas is just back to business as usual—no recollection of a love confession, no idea what it’s been like living with those last words.
It’s starting to make Dean feel insecure, like he needs Cas’ presence more than Cas needs Dean’s and maybe it’s because Cas is stronger, more resilient against discomfort, but Dean at least wants him to
“Yes?”
living emptiness, where even the numbness feels raw and aching.
“I’m not tired,” Cas lies, and Dean knows it’s a lie because deep down he can feel it.
“I’ll be the judge of what I can and can’t do,” he says with such plain certainty that Dean doesn’t even try to argue.  “I don’t require qualifiers, or for you to attach disclaimers to yourself.  I forgive you and I love you, as I have always done. The matter is settled.”
“Dean.. you can’t—”
soul you’re using and I can
Dean’s beginning to feel light-headed, his chest hurts, but at the same time he feels disconnected from the sensation of it.  Outside of himself. Dean’s hand trembles when he reaches for a small, crumpled wad of cloth that’s half fallen off the bed.
Dean wanted to grab him, shake him up.  He wanted Cas to get angry and hit him, turn it back into a language Dean was familiar with.  Wanted to scream
“Uh..”
Afterward they laid there, sweaty and unmoving.  Cas knew well enough not to hold Dean, not to wipe him clean or kiss him anymore.  They stared up at the ceiling, only touching at the seams, the silence of the room loaded and thick.
He can’t let that happen. It can’t all be up to Cas, it has to be Dean too.
“Yes?”
so you got jokes? Seriously.  At a time like this.  Emotionally stunted guy finally gives you a love confession in the middle of a badass sandwich pile and instead of—”
“Buddy, I think the metaphor is getting away from you.”
“Seriously!  Why say it out loud
It happened a couple times.. him and Cas.
Dean swallows.  “Jack—”
“That—me too,” Dean struggles to push the words out.
“What fucking button?” Dean asked, whirled around and saw Cas pointing to a silver square affixed to the wall, which only made Dean more inclined to pull on the door handles.  “No. Why even have these then if they don’t work?” he asked, continuing to pull.
because Dean can feel it too when Cas tries to go and take an underwater siesta and almost fucking
and not subject himself to this level of vulnerability, but he forces that aside.  “Jelly, not jam, right?” Dean says, and Cas blinks.  “You liked jelly better.”
in the dark—because Dean, Dean he—
The stunned look on Cas’ face.
“Simeon?”
“Fine,” Sam answers absently.
The piece of his soul in Cas has been subdued this entire time, a quiet passenger against the restlessness Dean always feels jittering away inside of himself.  Dean knows immediately what has happened.
he strains out, his hands balling into fists under the sheets.
.  I can’t know if it would have still happened without,” she shrugs and signs what Dean thinks might be
Within a handful of moments Dean was desperate, certain that if he hesitated, all the reasons why this was a disastrous idea would come pouring back in, and Dean needed him too fucking badly to let it happen.  So Dean clung to him, his hands rushing up and down Cas’ body, feeling him up right there in the middle of that hall. Anyone could have walked by and seen them there, seen Cas pushing his hips against Dean’s like he was just going to give up and fuck him through the wall.  For all Dean knows someone did.  There could be some grainy X-tube soft-core out there recorded by a pervy security guard called
be this goddamn awkward, then?”
And maybe he was right.  Maybe Dean would have sat there forever clutching to his silence in order to hold on to all his misery and the anger and all the things Dean thought defined him.  It was the only control Dean ever knew.
there when my dad was gone. I wanted so badly to stay hating him for that.  Couldn’t though.  Don’t know why I couldn’t.  Thought maybe it was just because he looked like my dad and my head wouldn’t let me. But I think it was him—just him.  Don’t know what it was about him, even after all that, he was just sort of a.. lovable doof.  Never asked or expected forgiveness for his part in what happened to my parents.  Lots of people expect it from you—think you should just
Dean.  Deep down, I’m it baby! And what do you think that says about
“It’s my fault,” Dean says, unable to keep the free flow of tears from running out onto Sam’s stupid plaid shirt.  “I’m the reason.”
trapped in an endless void, quiet and alone in a way Cas
It shouldn’t be this hard to tell if someone was ever really here.  Why didn’t Dean give him more things?
before giving up and mechanically manoeuvring out of the room and into the hall. His soul aches and aches and aches until Dean doesn’t know what part of it is his own, and which is Castiel’s.  It all tastes the same.
Breakfast is awkward.  Claire keeps sending Dean dirty looks from across the table when she observes Cas sullenly pushing food around his plate.  As they get the car ready to leave she comes up beside Dean at the trunk and hisses, “What
despite it being
Dean goes silent, because yeah, actually.  He’d sort of forgotten.  It’s been so long and they’ve been through so much that for a moment, Dean forgot what started Sam back down this path to begin with.
Dean doesn’t find any letters trapped between the pages of books, but he does find pieces of notebook paper covered in Cas’ tidy cursive.  It’s all lore from the look of it, occult shit written in ancient languages that Cas must have been transcribing into English for Sam.  Dean traces the easy loop of a Y and wonders when Sam asked Cas for help with this stuff.  Maybe Cas just did it on his own—saw a possibility that one day he wouldn’t be around to take a call, or be able to walk in and translate off the cuff, and they would need these texts in order to get out of whatever crazy fucking mess.
“Good,” Dean repeats, nodding. “That's it?”
It doesn’t take much more convincing than that.  In an instant Cas is reaching across to the nightstand beside the bed and pulling out a small bottle of clear liquid and pouring it over his fingers.  That’s something that he has.
the bond does something other than ache within him.
he knocks into Cas and grabs him up into a hug.  Well, it’s less of a hug and more just smashing their bodies together to make the bisection stop.  “J—jesus fucking christ man,” he pants into Cas’ shoulder as the feeling of pain and incompleteness fizzles away into it’s bearable default state, “don’t do that again.  You could have gotten me up, I wouldn’t have cared.”
“Course it’d have to be us anyways,” Dean rambles, letting out an awkward laugh and
Dean had trouble figuring out the lock that would get them through the ER’s exit and into the hallway that led back to the main entrance.  He kept pulling the handle, then pushing, and Cas was behind him trying not to laugh and kept repeating, “The button.  No not that— the
Until that moment, physical sensation was a language Dean mostly understood— torture and pleasure, hungry or full, a blade splitting his skin versus lips against it —those things are controllable. Quantifiable. They aren’t that needy, senseless pit that would rupture inside of Dean the moment Cas would get within his line of sight, and resisted all efforts at compartmentalisation. Dean was convinced if he could just..
and it’s selfish, but Cas, I swear I’ll try and—” Dean stops knowing what to say and just inhales deeply and casts his eyes around the room.
to.  I definitely was not looking at Patrick Swayze’s shoulders in Roadhouse like a normal kid.  That’s why dad threw out the tape I think, even though he said it was because it was too violent. Like he wasn’t teaching me how to machete off vamp heads after school.”
Halfway down the hall, Dean still cutting up to earn those little smiles from Cas, he threw out an arm to push Cas against the wall when some poor transport tech came barrelling through with a ninety year old broad on a gurney shouting about how he was making her miss the Jim Shore sale on QVC, dropping F-bombs the entire way.  You could still hear the ruckus after the elevator shut them away and began to ascend.
“I’ve gotta fix this,” Dean mumbles to himself, rubbing his hands through his hair.  “How do I fix this?”
There are nerves, Dean’s definitely
Cas just says, “Hm,” and twists a finger into Dean, making him arch, an inhale hissing between his teeth, and Dean
Dean gets up.  Turns on the light.  Says
“I’m sorry if I’m such a
of pop lid being flipped, the sound of a hand slicking over flesh, but it’s a secondary notion next to the feeling of being kissed by Cas—all soft lips and soft sighs.  It’s easy to get lost in it.  Cas makes his way down Dean’s throat, simple affection contrasting against the sharp sensation of his cock breaching Dean’s body.  That bit—the feedback of fucking into and being fucked into—it cuts through the ache, burns it away until the only the silvery thread between their souls resonates.
“Does it matter?”
Cas is still up and roaming, Dean can sense that.  He really thought they’d sort of gotten a handle on functioning separately within a reasonable amount of space without the worst of the side-effects.  Dean still walks around constantly hyper aware of the gravity pulling him toward his other half, but the wrenching pain of it is limited to a quiet throbbing—something Dean associates with homesickness.  A constant longing to return. It’s not a happy feeling, but it’s tolerable and familiar from all the years spent feeling like he didn’t belong anywhere.
maybe, I don’t know when!  And I always told you
love in love.  “No, no way.”
“It’s not
of one another. It might even be painful to be apart.  There could be physical consequences.  A level of emotional transference.  Souls are not made to be scattered, and it’s rare that they are shared to this degree.  The pursuit of the whole is usually much more metaphorical than this.”
“That was
weren’t okay.  Cas wasn’t okay.  His eyes always broadcasted exactly what he felt and there it was so clearly—confusion, hurt.  Dean should have said something.  Told him he didn’t do anything wrong
I’m sure you’d fit in just fine there.”
“I,” he says, then begins looking suspiciously around the room like Ashton Kutcher is going to jump out with the Punk’d team.  Or, more likely, Cas is questioning his reality the way Dean catches him still doing sometimes.
