"Ah, but what better way to showcase my poor behaviour than by insisting on unreasonable deadlines?"
Sherlock barked a laugh, the sound brittle and sharp. He looked away. "Is that all it took to have you unlock the door? Loneliness? Your deduction is flawed, John, because—"
He thinks there might be something pleased buried under all of that sarcasm.
Janine had said.
He had not wished to welcome another year in quite the same fashion.
By the way Sherlock's brows lift, he is fairly sure his thoughts have been made plain regardless.
"A memorial. A memorial . . . for me?"
"Let me help."
And so he thought about the way that Sherlock had not said anything to him, not a single word about his decision to spend a week at Harry's for Christmas. He'd expected the worst, and yet Sherlock had been—accepting. Understanding. Or, at the very least, he'd been quiet about it.
They are kissing before he can wrap his mind around it, before he can even properly determine who moved first, who stepped towards who. They are kissing and he is no longer laughing; instead his heart feels as though it could burst from his chest.
His last birthday had not gone unacknowledged. He’d spent the afternoon in a café, periodically shifting in his seat to take the pressure off of still-tender bruises, an occasional shiver of withdrawal rippling through his system. He’d been tired, and bedraggled, and he’d not even bothered to shave, but he’d also had a large slice of chocolate cake drizzled with raspberry sauce, which had been good, and John by his side, John by his side
"Um," he says, aware that both Mary and Sherlock are watching him, that he is surely doing a poor job of hiding his distress. "Um—"
There had been something strangely reserved about Sherlock. As if he were expending a great deal of effort to hold himself firmly in check. As if there were things he wanted to say, things he was biting back.
Thank you all so much for reading!
she'd said.
John stood up straight, indignant, his coat scraping against the rough brick behind him. The urge to laugh had deserted him.
EXECUTE.
He had walked a good distance from the house. He was conscious of John behind him, of his tense quick breaths, the way he was coiled and ready for action.
What if there really had been someone there?
John smothered a smile.
An incorrect deduction. Not his first, and certainly not his last.
Immediately, an incoming message chimed.
know that."
"I've found myself in need of assistance."
Sherlock turned to go.
Sherlock hums noncommittally.
"You reach out," he said. "To me. Over and over and
when there is the sound of Harry's footsteps on the stairs. She appears in the doorway, holding another box. Her hair has worked loose of its messy ponytail.
Then he stood up, walked down the hall towards his bedroom. Stopped.
"Yes, but—" Sherlock stopped, shook his head, frustrated. "It's quiet because that's how it
He opened his eyes gasping in the darkness, a weight on his chest.
"You could have emailed me the details," Sherlock said. "You didn't have to come all this way. You have to know that I—" he faltered, cleared his throat, pressed on, "—that I would do anything for Rosie."
He’d been told so, after all. More than once. By professionals in that sort of thing.
"How kind of you to disagree," Sherlock said to Rosie. He'd picked up his crutches, stood.
"John?" Sherlock's voice, weak but stable, alive,
The men that came through the door were bland-featured, dark-suited and utterly focused. Norbury's shoulders slumped as she was handcuffed, moved roughly out into the hallway. They did not speak, did not so much as glance in John's direction.
"John?"
Prompted by the-moon-loves-the-sea on Tumblr:
John does not know her. John does not
He went back into her photos, back, back, before Christopher Thomas had died. Posts of the couple together, posts about wedding plans. Pete had not liked any of those.
She went to the phone on the wall, picked it up, dialed.
She sighed, though the expression on her face remained politely professional. "Dr Watson, this flat has everything on your list."
"Sorry," John says again.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, voice clipped.
"He does seem to lack a certain standard of cleanliness," John agreed mildly.
"What are you saying? Don't be ridiculous. No you're not. Why would you be? I'd have noticed. Wouldn't I have noticed? Of course I'd have noticed. I notice everything. When is this meant to have happened? You—"
"Bad at herding sheep, you say?" Sherlock asks. He turns his head to look up at John. His cheeks are flushed, his eyes bright.
He'd expected the world to have paused in his absence, and instead it had kept on turning. There had been no room for him, not anymore, but Mary had
"Oh, yeah, they surprised me on my morning coffee run," she said. "Bit embarrassing, really."
"Rosie," John says.
"No, John," Sherlock said. His voice was no longer patient, no longer somber.
"Oh," Sherlock said. There was a mild note of surprise in his voice.
He turned the phone off, slipped it into his pocket. Packed up his laptop and slung the bag once more over his shoulder. Gave one last look around the flat before hurrying down the stairs and back out into the damp.
"And the alternative?"
He hadn't even known, yet, what John meant to him. Wasn't sure he could put it into words, even now.
Christmas had been shit for a while, though. Last year she'd been too young to know, of course, but this year—this year mattered. He couldn't just pour himself a drink and wait for the whole thing to be over this time around.
He should retreat, he knew. It would be wiser. Safer. Instead, he shut his eyes, sighed.
He went to his chair, instead. Sat. Folded his hands in front of him to keep from fidgeting.
Sherlock nodded, his head bobbing rapidly, and John supposed he'd been heard.
Sherlock falls silent. His hands tap restlessly on the steering wheel.
A reverse-tarmac scene following the S3 finale.
John did not need further encouragement. He scrambled into the passenger seat, slammed the door behind him. Sat, gasping and shivering, as Sherlock turned the key in the ignition.
They went through the door of the third. Sherlock looked around at the lobby. It was sparsely decorated. Clean, but plain.
John met his gaze. "Yes."
She'd waxed rhapsodic about her husband-to-be and complained about his attitude towards wedding planning in turn.
"Shut up," John said, holding up his hand. "Just. Just think about it."
Lestrade had gone blundering around in the kitchen looking for the coffee maker. Sherlock had made a comment—some crack about detectives and—finding things. John could not recall the specifics. He'd found it quite funny, however, had dissolved into giggles against the kitchen counter. Sherlock had looked pleased, though he had not offered to help with the search.
(“ANDERSON?!” he shouted, later, delving further into her profile. “She sent a friend request to
Therefore, the person who dumped the body has access to the tank and knowledge of how and when to approach it unobserved. An employee.
He lets Sherlock go abruptly, steps back. Blood is roaring in his ears. He thinks he might be sick.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, swallowed. "Before nine."
Of course, no such memorial had ever been necessary. He hadn't known it at the time.
He will be sore in the morning, Sherlock thinks, looking at the angle of John's neck.
been taken by surprise. Someone had managed to creep up on him in the sitting room.
"I—" John said. He swallowed again, seemed to be wrestling with something. "I never knew."
"Do you have any idea what I want to talk to you about?" she asked finally.
He watched her. Thought of the way she'd been as a child, the laughter and the shouting, the fits of temper and the surges of wild joy. The way throwing herself headlong into her varied pursuits came naturally, but caution had been hard-learned.
All of that effort, John thought. All of that effort to reach Molly, to contact Mycroft, to go through unexpected channels. And now to ask Sherlock to risk moving, to
He looked towards the street, intending to flag down a taxi. It was cold, and Rosie was tired. He needed to get her home to bed.
There was a gaping hole in the floor where he'd fallen, the floorboards jagged and splintered. Snow had built up against the window glass at the far wall, blotting out the daylight.
Janine let her breath hiss out through her teeth. Behind her, the bridesmaids had started to shift restlessly.
There was no word from Rosie.
John picked up the key, turned it over in his palm.
"Nothing," John managed. He cleared his throat, clenched and unclenched his hand.
John went home.
"Excellent," Sherlock said. He turned back to John. "Flowers. Photographer. Need I go on?"
"Then it's a waste of time, yeah?"
John dropped his hand away from his face, his heart galloping. He stepped towards Sherlock and Sherlock flinched, a tiny motion, barely even perceptible.
"No," Sherlock said. His pale eyes were luminous in the dark. "Not the same thing at all."
"I apologise if that makes you uncomfortable," Sherlock said, in that same awful flat voice. "I never intended for you to know."
"All right?" John called.
John laughed, and he brought his hands up to tangle in Sherlock's hair, and he kissed him and kissed him and kissed him while the eggs grew cool on the counter.
He propped himself up on one elbow, took a great gasping breath, and flung the laptop and bag into the street. The lorry, brakes squealing, thundered over it, crushing it beneath one large wheel.
"You shot him."
"You wanted to know why I asked you here," he said. He smiled, held his hands out in a helpless little gesture. "That's why. I knew that I—I knew that you'd tell me the truth."
, who had prompted: Sherlock meeting Harry.
"Safer to just stay here, yeah?"
The birthday card, he thought. The flowers.
"Be specific, if you don't mind."
He'd set Rosie down in the little cot, had stripped down to his vest, carefully hung his shirt over the bathroom door. His phone had chirped with an incoming text.
Sherlock hesitated.
"Mm," Sherlock said, and looked out the window. "Make it quick."
At the time, he’d had no reason to believe John would ever speak to him again.
"We're going to try again," she tells him. "Clara and I."
"I meant your face," John offered helpfully.
He did not look back at the street, at the mangled remains of his bag, the shattered shards of his laptop.
"Morning," John agreed. He draped his suit over the back of his chair, glanced around the room before sitting down. There was no sign of Sherlock.
Warmth had crept into his face. He did not know what to say.
John smiles again, a bit of the tension leaving him. "You think he's coming back. The person who did this."
John can ignore it no longer. He pours himself a drink—a double—and goes into the sitting room to regard it.
"Seemed appropriate," Sherlock said. "Giant hound and—" he shrugged, waved his hand. "All that."
"Twenty-three hours," he said. "This flight is
It made him think of another mad dash through London streets, a different car, a different destination. A different outcome entirely. His daughter, red and screaming in his arms. His own shocked gasping laughter.
"And how was Sussex?" Mycroft asked with a thin smile. He leaned forward in the chair, did not stand up.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open. "Aren't you?"
"I—" he found himself, suddenly, at a loss for something to say. This was the sort of thing that John would handle, would smooth over. He had not realized quite how much he'd come to rely on that.
"I'm not feeling well," he says. "I think I'm coming down with something. I need to—I'm just going to go home. We'll talk tomorrow, yeah?"
"Because I'm a soldier," John said. "I don't need a tutorial to figure out how to change a tyre."
"You must understand," she said, finally, looking beseechingly at Sherlock. "The volume of flowers you're requesting, it's—it would be difficult on a normal timetable. And with your wedding date approaching so soon—"
"Stupidity knows no bounds, surely you know this by now," he says, pleased that his voice almost sounds normal. "No need for both of us to suffer. Go home."
He found them in the back, near a row of small dressing rooms and a large mirror that spanned a good chunk of the far wall.
Sherlock looked at the key in John's hand, did not move to take it. His face was difficult to read. After a long, quiet moment, he reached out and picked it up, his fingers brushing against John's palm.
"John," Sherlock said again. His voice was low, serious.
He smiles faintly, shrugs. "I—understand that I want to do whatever it takes to get in your good graces so that you'll let me borrow your car again."
Sherlock peered into a microscope. His hair was a rumpled mess, and John wanted to put his hands in it. He refrained.
She bit her lip, nodded. Looked down.
"I think—" Pete swallowed. "I think you'd best shut up now."
Mycroft took another long drag on his cigarette. He kept his gaze fixed away from Sherlock, staring off somewhere into the middle distance. His silence went on long enough that it seemed he might not answer.
Except—
"There are hundreds of millions of spiders in the world," John said calmly. He picked up the little Union Jack pillow from where it lay on the floor beside the chair, dropped it into his lap. He seemed pleased to see it, and gave it a little pat. "You know this, Sherlock."
"I—" Mycroft sounded flabbergasted, stunned, at a loss for words. "His brain was badly damaged, of course. From the gunshot."
"How are you?" he asked.
Greg gave him a boozy, bleary grin and followed his line of sight. "Oh, yeah, forgot to mention he'd be here."
When he was satisfied, he stepped out of the cramped little room. Sherlock was already in front of the large mirror at the back of the store.
"Never mind," Sherlock said.
Sherlock lifted his head, met his gaze. He looked oddly young in his bowtie, John thought. Not quite himself.
John rocked where he sat, building momentum, the heavy chair wobbling on wooden legs. The floor creaked and swayed beneath him.
"Hang on," John said again, because it wasn't the fact that Crane had left behind a bereaved husband that had tripped him up, it was the fact that their killer wasn't targeting only heterosexual couples as he'd first assumed.
"Unbelievable," he said. He looked at the menu. There was a little red notification at the bottom of the screen—a new text message.
for the previous chapter. Thank you so much! <3
And then John had shifted backwards, sat on the edge of his bed. Turned to look at Sherlock where he hovered in the doorway. Lifted a finger to his lips in a shushing motion.
The drying bloodstain clashed with the neon colours of the dead man's pricey moisture-wicking t-shirt.
John sighed, pinched the bridge of his nose. "The papers have it wrong, Harry."
Sherlock nudges Rosie, and she clambers down from the bench. He stands. Stretches.
Facebook, of course. His mother had uploaded a truly appalling amount of photographs of himself and Mycroft at varying ages, and John had ignored the telly entirely in favor of scrolling through them and chuckling.
"Trying to ensure our agent makes it home safely? That's my job, Dr Watson."
After Sherlock had stepped off the roof at Barts, Mrs Hudson had cleaned the kitchen, had thrown away stray bits of human remains, had cleared off the flasks and beakers, had boxed up the microscope and assorted paraphernalia.
"Sher," Rosie said again.
Sherlock blinks. "You're in love with me."
"What are you doing? Put that down."
The world tilted sideways. Sherlock breathed in, shut his eyes, let the facts rearrange themselves in his mind.
"I believe Lady Smallwood to be above reproach, but find myself forced to consider the possibility," Lazarus said. "The list of potential leaks is—worryingly small."
Sherlock is still in his chair. He watches as John goes to the sink, fills a glass of water. Watches as John leans against the counter and drinks from the glass, long slow pulls that make his Adam's apple bob. Watches as he rinses the glass, sets it aside to dry. Watches as he stands with both hands braced on the counter.
"John." She stepped into the room. On her heels was a smiling blonde in a red cardigan.
"What the hell do you think I'm trying to do?" John is nearly shouting. He catches himself, shuts his eyes, takes a deep breath. "The whole time, Sherlock. The whole time. You were there. It wasn't just grief. It was—it was just that, even gone, even
"Yes."
"I need your help," the woman said. She looked younger, up close. Barely out of her teens.
Even as he thought it, he knew it wasn't really true. He did a good enough job bringing out the worst in himself all on his own.
He reached out for a clumsy one-armed embrace, patted her gently on the back.
Sherlock's tongue felt thick, leaden. "I—" he tried again.
"You think the attacker dragged John out into the hallway?"
"I'm going to do my consults from home," he said. "I've—I need to—"
Sherlock felt a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth, and gave in to it. He loved this moment, the surge of understanding, the way his thoughts clicked together in a rush that was better than cocaine.
Sherlock said nothing. He lay on his side, stared at the wall. Breathed.
"She said you had chips," he said, speaking to the window glass. Thought of Sherlock, wild-eyed and high.
"Part of the whole—thing—he's trying to do. His image or—or whatever ," Sherlock said with a vague wave of his hand. "Though judging by the two—now three—appreciative glances he's thrown in your direction since our arrival, it appears his interest is genuine, if fleeting. He'd likely be amenable to a fling, though I'd imagine a long-term attachment is off the table."
"Sherlock," he said. "A good listener." He laughed again, shook his head.
"Two weeks. I'll meet you there. I'd like to—I'd like the opportunity to thank you in person."
Mary's kettle is gone.
But it
"We'll get to that," Sherlock says.
John shifted in his seat. He seemed to want to say more.
That was—
The flat is very quiet.
His browsing history indicated he'd been reading up on the area, familiarising himself with nearby shops and restaurants and even hospitals.
John jolted a little in his seat, his head snapping back up. He looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock had turned his face towards the bar.
"Er," John said.
Thought about what came after.
He watched spiders scuttle back and forth across the ceiling, dark and shadowy against the stained plaster as he planned his next move.
"No," he says, because it won't do, having this sort of thing get out. "Not
They are edging too close to things he does not want to hear. Things he has been avoiding.
It seemed absurd not to be kissing him after a statement like that, and so John tipped his face forward, brushing their mouths together again. Sherlock made a soft noise and tightened his grip on John's head. There was something at once chaste and frantic about the way he kissed. His lips were warm. His nose was cold. John stroked his back, noted that he was trembling under his coat.
? Really?"
Not right away. John would put himself on a train to Chelmsford with his back up and adrenaline spiking through his veins, castigating himself for making the trip to London in the first place. By the time he arrived home, the self-recrimination would have faded to some mixture of shame and irritation about wasting an entire day on the train with nothing to show for his efforts. Reimmersion in his home environment would remind him of why he'd made the trip in the first place, as well as the fact that he still had a significant problem that required solving.
"Right," John said. He swallowed. "And the name?"
Molly inhaled, the sound not particularly sharp but certainly audible. "John's there with you?"
It had looked good on him, that wild good humour, and John had wanted very badly to kiss him, to grab him by the lapels of that ridiculous coat and push him up against the nearest wall and snog him senseless, scandalized shoppers be damned. He'd wanted to pull back and look into his eyes and whisper into his ear:
John stirred, lifted his hands to his face, made a grumbling sound in the back of his throat. Sat up.
"Good," John said. "I—"
hiding any deadly allergies, right? Because now would be a very good time to let me know."
the first victim. Just not the first intentional victim."
. She'd been nothing, she'd been no one, just a pretty girl with nice hair and a shy smile, just someone to pay him some attention. She'd flattered him. It had been that easy.
"—to have and to hold—"
John lifted his shoulders in a shrug. "Yes, fine, I suppose it was, but that's not the point."
The kitchen was empty.
John opened his mouth, shut it again. Looked at Rosie, who had toddled over to Sherlock's chair and grabbed on to his trouser legs with chubby fists, crushing the material. She was grinning.
"Of course," she said. This time she did not smile.
"Yes, yeah, I—" he laughed. "I know. Sorry."
he thought, miserably.
"DADADADADADADADA!" she howled. Her voice was hoarse, heat radiating from her body. She must have been screaming for quite a long time.
"Hm," John says.
Sherlock looked at him again, his expression shifting in the shadows.
anything. Irene was never going to pack up and slot neatly into 221B. She was out there, in the world, living her own life. If that life occasionally and fleetingly intersected with Sherlock's, then so be it. John could live with that. He could. He
"Are you all right?" Sherlock asked again.
Ice slides down Sherlock's spine.
Harry called around ten o'clock. She sounded sober. They chatted for a few minutes and then rung off.
Rosie had spent last Christmas with Molly because he'd been so far up his own arse that he could barely tend to her needs. And if last night had gone differently, if Sherlock had—if
"I've given him the means to ruin you," Mycroft had said, his tone clipped. "He won't do it right away. He'll want to be
Sherlock thought.
"Not a joke. A trick."
"Nothing's permanent, you know," John said, years later, as he stood regarding their boxed belongings. There was a tinge of melancholy in his voice.
to be, but—"
But this time—
"Psychosomatic, of course."
John breathed out through his teeth, a sympathetic noise. His coat sleeve brushed against Sherlock's, distractingly close.
"You were busy," Sherlock said. He gave his hand another dismissive little wave. "Doing things. Wedding things."
John pushed through the glass door with five minutes to spare. He gave a distracted wave to the receptionist as he hurried through the waiting room.
seems desperate. A little sad.
The aging wallpaper rasped against the fabric of Sherlock's shirt as he slid, stunned and boneless, against the wall.
"You really want me here. All the time. With a toddler."
John swallowed, nodded. "I'm—yeah. Glad."
John stepped back slightly. He slipped one hand behind Sherlock's head, guided him so their foreheads met. Sherlock's eyes were very wide.
Sherlock frowned, shook his head. "Doesn't matter."
Mrs Hudson's Aston Martin, with its gleaming paint and butter-soft leather seats, had only added to the surreal quality of his evening.
"We usually have something more to go on by now," he said, finally.
John had trained at Barts, years ago, and though it held a fond place in his memories he had not had much cause to go back.
That long ago Christmas, after they had regarded the corpse of a woman believed to be Irene Adler, Mycroft had handed him a cigarette. They'd spoken to one another, in the clipped, uncomfortable way that had defined much of their adult relationship.
"You know what?" John took a step backwards. "I think I need a pint. You go on up."
At the top of the stairs, he put his hand against the smooth familiar wood of his old bedroom door. Pushed his way inside. Reached for the lamp, hesitated.
"No," he says. "I'll get rid of it."
Maybe he hadn't.
John smiled, went on looking at the fire. In the kitchen, Sherlock clinked glasses together and began to pour. A moment later he appeared, steps heavy and unsteady.
John shifted his right hand where it covered Sherlock's left, his fingers brushing up against warm metal.
Rosie beams at him. There is yoghurt on her chin, smeared across the bridge of her nose.
"Yeah, well, I can only assume if you knew I was about to be kidnapped you'd have caught an earlier train."
"You're uniquely suited to this kind of work."
Not Sherlock. The man looked up at him with baleful eyes as he drew close. Started to laugh. His leg was broken, his knuckles red and raw.
"Right, yeah," John said. He shifted where he stood. All of the awkward smiling had begun to make his face hurt.
"I'm interviewing for a position at a surgery in Bristol," John said. It was not what he'd meant to say at all.
John looks small and tired. He sways a bit on his feet. Rosamund is not with him—he has clearly just emerged from putting her down for the night.
"Sherlock."
When would Mycroft have said such a thing to him, if not after Redbeard? What possible reason could he have had? Sherlock had not made any close attachments in his boyhood, in his teens, in his early twenties. There had been nothing, no one until John.
Looking back, Sherlock could not say why he did it. Something about the proximity, perhaps, or the expression on John's face. Perhaps for no other reason than he'd wanted to, had wanted for so very long.
"Oh," he said. He tried not to wince. "Erm. Okay. I don't think the café allows dogs inside."
John follows his gaze. His eyes sweep over the scattered teeth on the kitchen table. He raises his brows.
"Dr Watson?"
"I'm well aware that I don't attach the same emotional significance to certain experiences," Sherlock said. He did not look away from the road, from the headlights cutting through the fog. "To me, you—" his voice faltered, and he pushed on. "As far as I'm concerned, you already know everything of importance."
They sat in silence. John wondered what the hell was taking Sherlock so long. Perhaps he'd escaped out the window. It wouldn't be the first time.
"Yeah it is," John said quietly, stepping forward, not at all put off. His face was soft, his eyes kind. He put out his hand, cupped Sherlock's cheek.
because you think that you—" he stops, tips his head back, breathes out through his nose. "I don't have any expectations. You don't have to—it's fine. It's all fine. I just wanted you to know."
The doorbell rang.
John's face was serious, earnest, worried and sad and conflicted, and Sherlock absolutely did not want to hear what he had to say in that voice, with that face.
John blinked. "What?"
It was hard to believe he’d ever been capable of lying so
"Oh John," she said, and there was pity in her eyes. "You just keep on doing what you think everyone else wants."
Sherlock's heart sank even as John lifted his hand to cup his cheek with an achingly slow, tender motion. His thumb swiped back and forth against the edge of his cheekbone, smoothing the thin skin under his eye. The words would come now, he knew. Regrets and apologies that he could no longer brush off with hasty lies.
It was not what Sherlock had expected him to say. He hesitated.
He stared steadily back at her, not speaking, not acknowledging the way his gut had twisted at the word
"Well. It's just—just weird. Sort of like being watched. All the time."
It was difficult to creep up on John. He was an army veteran with hair-trigger reflexes. Even with the telly turned up (he wouldn't have had it turned up, not with a sleeping child in the flat), John should have been aware that he was not alone in the flat.
me. It's—"
"Well done, Lestrade," Sherlock said, smiling. "You've figured it out. Entirely too late, of course, but—"
He felt hunted, exposed, three steps behind. He couldn't go home. He'd walked away from the only person who'd seemed willing to help him.
"But you think it's murder."
Footsteps retreat, and he is left in silence. He waits, his breath shallow.
"I should—" John said, starting to sit up, starting to leave.
Greg reached out to clap him on the shoulder, a hearty well-meaning thump. There was a half-empty pint glass in his hand, clearly not his first of the night. He was flushed in the face and a little glassy-eyed. It had been a long time since John had seen him so cheerful. Well. It had been a long time since John had seen him at all, really.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, wearing his coat, his leather gloves, a small suitcase at his side. He—looked—
"I know," Pete said, smiling. "Most of you came here with someone. But while you've been learning the steps together, you've also been learning your partner's reactions, their movements. I want each and every one of you to feel comfortable performing this dance with anyone. And to accomplish that, I like to incorporate a little variety."
He breathed out as he looked at it, really looked at it for the first time in more than fourteen years.
Even if it's not—even if it's not that. There must be something. Even you. Even you must—"
"Ah," Sherlock says. He lifts his hands, let them drop. He does not quite know what to do with himself. His heart skips relentlessly in his chest. "Good."
He did not show mercy.
Molly pushed through the doorway into the sitting room, her face pale and pinched with sorrow, and Sherlock knew without her needing to say a word.
She had put a bullet in him, once, too. That could just as easily have ended his life. Nearly had. He'd understood her more when she was killing him than when she was saving him.
"He wasn't your friend," Rosie said.
John had raised his brows. "Sherlock?
He'd expected argument, or at least complaint, from Sherlock when he'd told him his plans. He'd received neither. Just a long, level, considering stare from across the room, and a quiet "yes, obviously."
That got through to him. He stood up, slipped out of his coat. She turned away as he reached for the bag.
"Molly has your daughter," Sherlock said, his voice slightly muffled. He was struggling with something, breathing hard with the effort. He did not lift his head.
Only Sherlock, he thinks, with no small measure of affection.
"I don't have time for ghost stories and childish pranks," Sherlock says. His voice is rough, too rough, and he clears his throat. "Just delete it."
James Moriarty stared up at her with wide dark eyes, the still-ringing phone clasped in his hand.
he'd thought, there on the sofa.
"It's raining, we're both soaking wet, I'm freezing, and you're bloody dead. We're going back to the hotel, and you're going to explain to me what the hell is going on, and then—" John stopped, briefly flummoxed. "Well, I don't know what's going to happen then. But it's a start."
It was wrong, but he could not claim to deserve anything better.
Christ, if he'd only known then how little time they had left. He'd have—he'd have—
John snorted, shook his head. Filled the kettle from the tap and switched it on. When the water had boiled, he fixed two mugs of tea, set one down next to Sherlock.
When he looked back up, Mary was gone.
He skids to a halt behind the sales desk, taps restless fingers against the counter. John, breathing hard from the sudden sprint up a flight of stairs, pauses to rest with his hand braced on a wooden bin overflowing with plastic toys.
"Hey," someone said. "Stay with us. Hey."
he told himself furiously,
"No, no, no, that's not going anywhere." Rosie joined him at the mantel. She was smiling a little bit, but it was a sad sort of smile. "She's staying here, right here. Someone needs to be here when I come home, and—well. Mrs Hudson can't leave Baker Street. England would fall."
John thought of his ever-growing paranoia, the eyes he'd felt on him everywhere he'd gone.
the voice in his head sounded suspiciously like Mary.
"Yeah, I'm just—"
Sherlock stuck his tongue out, prodding at the corner of his mouth. John stared. The tip of his tongue was very pink.
Mrs Hudson tutted over the bowl of egg nog, reached again for the bourbon.
John looked up. The man was standing over him, brushing crumbs off of his bloody posh coat. He looked oddly delighted, cheeks pinked, hair mussed.
"Watson," Sherlock said, still watching his brother. "Bring that here, please."
Sherlock had said.
"You may have four biscuits. And the ice lolly."
Mercifully he managed to wrangle his mouth shut. Forced a bland smile onto his face instead.
Sherlock sighed again.
"Are you all right?"
Lazarus had not told him where he could find the phone. He was at a bit of a loss as to where to even begin looking.
She shifted where she stood, and something glinted in the light. He glanced down, his gaze caught on the delicate band on her ring finger, the sparkle of diamond.
ought to get laid."
She let out a soft huff of laughter. "Well. Tell me how you really feel."
The cashier looked from Sherlock to the man with the knife. His face had gone pale.
"Mind if I ask you a few questions?"
Sherlock is breathing hard, his eyes wide, fixed on John.
"I needed—" Sherlock paused, looked to his left. Picked up a jar. Squinted at it. "Alfredo sauce."
nice. He tugged a bit on the lapels, twisted in place to get a better look in the mirror.
Sherlock glanced at him, his brow furrowed. "My miraculous and poorly timed return, you mean."
"There's been a—" he hesitated, took another glance around the devastated sitting room. "An incident. Home invasion. Kidnapping. Not more than an hour ago, by my estimation, but we'll need CCTV footage to determine—"
He'd stepped away. They'd gone inside, back up the stairs, bringing the chill of the winter night with them. Mrs Hudson had turned the radio on.
"You were right," Sherlock said quietly.
Moriarty had said, and he'd yanked Sherlock in close when he pulled the trigger.
That was—less endearing.
"I'm not a very good judge of character," she said.
that eye roll said.
"Sarah," he said. Cleared his throat, shifted in his seat. "Did you need something?"
"Just a—thing—Sherlock was working on before he—" he clears his throat. "Died."
"Everything all right?"
Well. It didn't matter what he'd wanted. He'd not got the chance to find out what that expression meant. There had been a helicopter, and there had been bright lights and men in warm coats swarming all about the place, and Lestrade with his well-meaning but terribly timed concern. And they'd been taken to hospital, and John had been whisked away for tests and observation, and Sherlock had stood alone in the waiting area with the collar of his snow-damp coat turned up and his sodden leather gloves clutched uselessly in one hand, feeling more superfluous than he'd ever felt in his life. And so he'd—
He looked down.
His phone buzzed, and he jumped, whirled away from the window, scrambled to pull it from his pocket. The screen was dark, inactive, and he stared at it for a moment, bewildered, while his pocket continued to hum.
Instead there had been tea by the fire, and gifts under Harry's lopsided little tree, and several good photos of Rosie wide-eyed and smiling under the fairy lights. There had been careful, quiet evenings not talking about Mary, not talking about Clara, not talking about drinking or mistakes or disappointments or failures.
Sherlock hummed, his lip quirking. He turned back to the microscope.
"Janine is—she's a remarkable woman. So sweet. Clever. Beautiful. She deserves better than the insults, the casual disregard, the infidelity. And you, John, I—" Pete shrugged, a helpless
Sherlock spat onto the soft damp grass, still feeling the ghost of the webbing against his lips. His skin tingled and itched.
The knife was still there, protruding grotesquely between the victim's shoulder blades. It was a large knife, with a carved wooden handle. A chef's knife, if he was not mistaken (and he rarely was). An unusual choice for an alleyway murder.
"It's locked," he said. Panic rose in his chest and he turned back, rattled the knob.
His skin had come over cold. He leaned forward, kept his arms folded protectively in front of him. Breathed out hard. "If she knew, then why didn't she say anything?"
Silence had fallen between them. The heater in the car was on much too high. Sherlock tugged at his scarf.
"That seems like a trick question," Sherlock said. He dropped his voice. "What do you
"Jesus," he said.
Silence fell between them. He wondered why she was still there, why she hadn't decided he was horribly rude and unreceptive to her charms.
he thinks.
"What drew you here? Family? Work?" Edward prompted.
"Most likely. And if not someone on the team, then someone set to arrive on site beforehand." She folded her hands together, frowned at him. "Either way, Sherlock returns home in a bag. Of course, he'd have a chance to put that pretty headstone to use, but somehow I think he'd prefer to avoid that option. Wouldn't you?"
Mary tightened her grip on her gun, but did not lift it.
"You're right, of course," he said, finally.
"Yeah," he'd said. "Yeah, all right, we will."
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, his mouth slightly parted, his eyes wide. As if he'd just realized something momentous.
Rosie ratchets from curiosity to alarm in six seconds flat. She sniffles, and then begins to wail.
His face burned with embarrassment, with shame, at even thinking about it. He turned away from the door, stomach sick and roiling, skin clammy and cold.
And so he'd left Rosie playing under Mrs Hudson's watchful eye, made his way to the little shop that Sherlock had directed him to. He thought about Sherlock and Janine, at
"Of course, but—"
"No," Sherlock said. He shifted, winced as the water began to run hot. Took his hands away. "I wouldn't investigate your murder, John."
"It's fine. It's—"
(whatever remains)
John looked down at the table, smiled a little bitterly. "People forgive you anything."
"Name an entry that isn't about me."
John had thought he'd feel relieved. But he hadn't. And that crawling, uneasy, unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach had never quite dissipated.
Vague snatches of memory. The house, large and rambling, winding stairways and narrow halls. Sunlight through the windows. Tall grass.
to help you. He was hurting you both, and he wasn't worthy of either one of you."
And later, when it's the shop owner himself being bundled off by New Scotland Yard, his own larger crimes having been exposed by a carefully staged robbery, after they return to Baker Street for dinner and post-case conversation, after Rosie has fallen asleep on the sofa with her hair tumbling over her face and one chubby cheek mashed against a throw pillow, John will think to himself that this is when he feels most at home.
Sherlock hums. John's hand strokes a slow, soothing pattern on his back. He shuts his eyes, breathes deeply.
The idea of getting maudlin over her going off into the world had seemed unnecessary at the time. It was natural that she would go to university, that she'd expand her horizons, that she'd eventually live elsewhere and return home only for holidays and special occasions.
"You're still jealous," Sherlock breathed. He sounded at once triumphant and bewildered.
"He's going to make me watch," Sherlock said again, and it emerged as a low moan. His chest burned and ached (internal bleeding, erratic pulse, chance for cardiac arrest, he shouldn't have—he ought to—)
John breathed out slowly. Turned his head back towards Sherlock.
it, he hates the normalcy of it, he hates how much he's missed that stupid fucking face, and he just—
Sherlock shook his head, waved the memory away. A poor example. His own error. It was true that he generally wasn't bothered about names, but he
John had not said anything else on the tape. If he'd said any goodbyes, if he'd made any speeches, if he'd issued any parting words at all, he had done so silently.
"Central London," Lazarus said. "221B Baker Street."
He glanced at the tray on the table. In addition to the teapot, she'd brought up a little plate of scones.
In his head, unwelcome, John scoffed.
He looked away from the knife and nestled back in his own chair, drew his knees up under his chin.
"I didn't know what to do with it," Alan groans. "I was going to—I don't know. Throw it in the Thames."
He ran an index finger along his lips, tried to recall the sensation. His skin prickled. His eyes began to sting and he shut them, breathed in through his nose.
John shrugs. Sighs. He does not know, not really, but he knows Sherlock. And he supposes that will have to be enough. "I'm glad you're not dead."
"Mobile's smashed," Lestrade said.
"Wait," John said.
"It doesn't make any sense."
"No," John said, and then he stopped. Thought about it. "Yes."
He finds a half-empty bakery box of scones in the tiny kitchen, clearly left over from the day before. He eats two of them while standing over the box, not minding at all that they are stale.
"I—yes. Amenable. That's the word." John nodded, swallowed. He could not look away from Sherlock's eyes.
John thought about the way Sherlock was when he was distressed or unsure, the perpetual motion, the nervous bursts of energy, the defensive petulance. Thought about the bedroom, messy and lived-in the night before, now tidy and organised. Thought about the way a long night could play tricks on the mind, about the way that hushed declarations in darkness could sour in the cold light of day.
"Then stop speaking in riddles. I detest riddles."
the wrong choice?"
Mary puts her hand on his knee, squeezes.
There had been little fanfare. He'd left Rosie with a sitter, and had driven over. There had only been one carload of belongings—Rosie's things, and John's clothes. He'd not brought any furniture other than her cot (disassembled) and high chair (neatly folded).
"Sherlock!"
"What?" John looked from Sherlock to Janine again. Had he just—given in? Just like that? And what was all that rubbish about
Sherlock supposed it was answer enough.
Then he shut his eyes and hoped like hell that it was the right decision.
He cut himself off, crouched down. His shoes squelched in the mud. He stared at the tyre, waiting for it to reveal its secrets.
Still, the entire miserable scenario had unfolded exactly as he'd expected it to, in the end. More or less.
"He didn't want you to leave," Mary said. "It was written all over his face. He wanted you to stay."
She looked at him for a long time. Her face was expressionless in the darkness. "You owe Molly Hooper an apology."
Sherlock returns, hands him a tumbler of dark liquor. A single ice cube clinks against the glass.
"Well, you know me," Sherlock says. "Always a step ahead."
"Change of clothes,” she said. She did not look at Sherlock, kept her voice steady, brusque. “You’ll have to move quickly. Keep quiet.”
Sherlock did not see it at first, slipping into the flat well after midnight with the January chill clinging to his limbs and his mind still on the crime scene he'd left behind.
"Right," John said. "Er. See you, then."
Sherlock could keep him. He knows that. The wild waters of the last tumultuous year have receded and left John beached and gasping and scrambling for purchase on familiar ground. He will cling to the dubious comforts he has found, and will not venture out on his own again.
and Sherlock had—Sherlock had—
"Bluebell," Sherlock said. His voice was distant.
That seemed a bit more like what he'd been expecting. More James Bond, less mad chemist.
John turned away, moved to stand. The floor was cold under his feet. "Um," he said.
She lingered in the doorway for just a moment too long for it to be unimportant. Then she sighed, stepped fully into his office, shut the door behind her.
"Your assistance would be appreciated," Sherlock said.
"Her face?" John looks more bewildered than before, which is saying something. "Her face was fine.
He perked up, moved to stand.
He'd thrown himself into the river after Sherlock without hesitation, but one lone, brilliant smile delivered from a hospital bed had been enough to make him turn tail.
"I regret implying that your decisions were not your own," he said. "You. You have always known your own mind, and to cast doubt on that does you an immense disservice."
The day of the funeral, John asks to see the body.
The woman at the desk shut her eyes. There was a smile playing at the corner of her mouth, which he took to be a good sign. "Go," she said.
It was steady. He let his fingers linger longer than they needed to, reassured by the gentle beat.
"Regardless, she still got in the taxi with you at the end of the night."
Sherlock lingered, not quite close enough to touch. He shivered again.
"Absence of something?"
"Unnecessary."
Sherlock drew up short, surprised by the sight of her. He disliked feeling surprised. It had become all too common in recent years.
"Anything," Sherlock said, apparently not deterred by his tone.
Several people looked up at him. None of them were who he wanted to see.
"It's fine," he said, not defensively at all. It
"I do," John said, laughing a little, but there was nothing flippant about his tone. "I really, really do."
"Sherlock," John said. He rubbed at his forehead.
Something in Sherlock's gaze hardens. But he does not look away.
When Mycroft needed assistance with a particularly complex problem, sometimes he'd ask.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. The air is cold in his lungs.
He blew her a kiss, swung around the side of the table, still in-character, still seductive and a bit ridiculous and moving in a way that he hoped was at once conspicuous and utterly nonthreatening.
"Oh, well, one knows what to look for—" Jim said. He snapped his gum again, went on staring at John with those dead eyes. "If you've done this for as long as I have. Some people like to think of it as casting out a net, but I prefer to think of it is a web. Gossamer strands. Delicate."
"Oh, right. That makes sense. Because, yeah, you know. Scotland Yard is quite well-known for consulting amateurs."
He couldn't—he couldn't allow that to happen.
He turns away. John follows. Behind them, the dog barks and barks and barks.
They went together down the hall and through the front door.
He did not follow.
John waited. He squinted at the screen.
"What in the world did you get yourself mixed up in?"
He looked up at the sky. The rain had stopped. He was not sure when that had happened.
"John," Sherlock said, and looked pointedly at Rosie. "She's here nearly every day."
like a scientific marvel, but—oh, Christ, if Sherlock has managed to pull this off—it is. It is.
"I know," he said, looking down at his hands. "I'm sorry."
into the spaces.
John had said once.
She'd meant no ill will by the comment, but it had irritated him regardless, and he'd found himself suddenly quite eager to leave, relieved that he would only have to pass one more night until his scheduled departure.
He wiped a sweaty palm against his jeans. Typed.
John had not wanted to stay. What he
"It's all right," he murmured, his lips against the crown of John's head.
"John," Sherlock says, and his voice is deep and quiet and somber.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He cleared his throat, looked down at his hands. "Right."
"Sherlock," John choked out, and Sherlock's eyes snapped open, locked on his.
"An error in judgment," he said.
"Answer the question, John."
"Sure," John says. He steps away from the door, sets Rosie down. She grabs his hand and bounces in place, lifting up onto her tiptoes.
"Yeah, well," she said. "What's it worth to
A woman named Connie:
Sherlock's grip tightened on him. He slipped his hand from John's pulse point to brace against his back, helped him to sit up. The room righted itself with some reluctance.
After a moment, Sherlock straightened his shoulders, looked away. When he spoke again, his voice was brusque, all business. "So. Eurus's interest in you goes back further than I thought. Without more data, I have no way of knowing exactly why she chose to position herself in your path."
"Your arm," he said.
But that was not his life, could not be his life. Not now. He'd made his choices, even if they had not felt much like choices at the time. He had responsibilities.
he told himself viciously.
"She's spent years with no outlet, with nothing except the few puzzles you dangled in front of her. Of course she created games. Of course she struggled with—with empathy."
He angled himself so he was facing slightly away from Sherlock, swept his gaze around the room.
"Yep."
"Sherlock?" he tried, his voice slurred, his mouth gummy and useless.
"I'll tell you when we find the source of his newfound wealth."
"This is John Watson, the best man," Janine said. "John, these are my bridesmaids. Old friends from uni."
He pursed his lips. Then carefully typed
John glances at her out of the corner of his eye. Tightens his grip on the steering wheel.
He turned around. John stood in the doorway, wrapped in a lumpy coat. He was soaking wet, his hair windblown, his face flushed red. The lump in his coat moved, and Sherlock blinked. Rosie was zipped up in there, her face shielded against John's chest.
And so John busied himself tidying the flat alongside Mrs Hudson, stacking up papers and books and sweeping away broken glass. And it was then, while lifting a pile of waterlogged books from his chair, that he found it.
"Earlier, I told you that you were uniquely well suited to my kind of work," Sherlock said.
That's what you said. Your exact words. The word
Blue, all around. The gurgle of water, bright flashes of colour as fish swam in lazy arcs through the depths.
John kissed him.
"No," John says grimly. "Of course not."
He went inside, took the stairs two at a time. He hesitated on the landing, nerves sparking. Took a deep breath, steadied himself.
John followed behind, his steps slow but purposeful. He did not pause to admire the garden.
—it was a woman, Harry. So whatever it is you're thinking, you're wrong."
Sherlock swallows. His mouth is dry. "Aren't you?"
He sighed, stood up straight. His back complained.
John winced, reached out an automatic hand to take her coat.
Her smile widened. "Don't suppose I could interest either one of you in my extra ticket?"
"Stay," he said, instead. "You should stay. Have a drink."
"Mm," Sherlock agreed.
Probably the coffee table, he thought detachedly.
of her in years. He had been a different person, back then, when he'd known her.
treating her.
"What are you talking about?"
Sherlock huffed out another laugh, did not answer.
John laughed again, and said nothing. There was a rustle of blankets as he seemed to settle in.
He had thought any chance they'd ever had for this had come and gone long ago.
Sherlock stops, hand on the door. He turns, regards John with quiet curiosity.
"I put a cut onion in my purse," she told him before she left. "Just in case."
"And loads of people photographed them making up," John said. He'd seen the pictures. And the headlines, which were both lurid and startlingly creative. None of it had really captured the full experience.
He liked it, but it was distracting. He could spend hours there, (carefully) perusing the drawers and shelves. Discovering what made Sherlock Holmes tick. And none of that would get him any closer to bringing the man home safely.
Sherlock looked strangely stricken. He shook his head.
He felt curiously light, giddy. He caught himself staring at Sherlock's closed bedroom door and grinning.
"The best I could do," he said, turning the words over slowly in his mind. He shook his head, smiled a little. It was not a comfortable smile. He thought about Sherlock, staring up at him from the floor, blood in his eyes. "My best friend is an addict. He relapsed."
"Shame, innit? He was right all along."
Still, John's brain helpfully offered up visuals. Sherlock, his cheeks pink with drink, his eyes closed. Someone else's hands buried in those curls.
The slides did not hold his attention. His mind wandered. He found himself staring into the sitting room, at Rosie's little pile of toys, at John's empty chair.
He missed
Mycroft was frowning. "Four hours."
No. Not—that wasn't helping. He needed to focus on
I did not plan for this chapter to coincide with the 10th anniversary of Sherlock's premiere, but it worked out that way. It feels somewhat fitting that Sherlock and John should wind up in the same room at last on this date (albeit briefly).
John's hand slid carefully through his hair. It was a soothing gesture, or, at least meant to be one. Sherlock did not miss the way that John's hand shook.
John had been unable to stay at Baker Street, then, not with Sherlock's things being slowly cleaned and boxed away. Not in that flat, where the very walls seemed to pulse with the memory of him, where his essence still lived and breathed and hung suspended like dust motes in the air.
"You're not married," Sherlock said, looking at his hand. He frowned, looked John over again. "Clearly not just a long engagement. You'd be spending the evening with her if she were still in the picture. Uneven stubble on your chin says you live alone."
"No," he said, and turned around. "I wanted more. I would have, you know. Eventually. I wanted—but then you left, you ran off, and—" he let out a growl of frustration, took the empty glass back out of the sink, refilled it. He lifted the glass to his lips but did not drink. "When we—" his breath caught on
John cuts him off. "It's about the warnings. If we knew how a tornado really worked, we could design an advanced warning system. Save lives."
He set his pastry down on the table, not bothering with a napkin. Fruit filling dribbled out onto the wood.
"Sounds about right," John said. He breathed out an amused little huff of air. Sherlock wanted to pull that sound into his own lungs, hold it there forever.
"Oh," the woman said, visibly startled. Her hand twitched once, hesitated, then withdrew a plate from the table. "I'll just—take care of that."
John flashed a tight, apologetic smile at Janine, who shifted to the right in order to allow him access to the wall. He tugged down a scrap of paper upon which four names had been scrawled. Frowned.
Janine was tucked into Sherlock's arms, laughing, bungling up the steps as Sherlock huffed and barked corrections. His hand was on her back, fingers splayed wide.
"Of course," Sarah said. She smiled at Rosie. "Same with my girls, of course."
He thought again of Sherlock's face, the surprised hurt he'd glimpsed there.
John looks down at him. His eyes crinkle. It is a fond expression, a little amused. "Yes," he says. "Well.
that Sherlock would attend, he'd have made his excuses and stayed far away.
The woman cleared her throat. "Perhaps our signature chocolate—"
"Then I suggest you stop wasting time whinging about it and start making calls to your suppliers," Sherlock said.
He felt foolish, now, for how long he'd let it sit. He'd got to be quite friendly with Pete during their dance lessons. Under other circumstances, he'd have accepted the request long ago.
Sherlock looked down at the ground, painfully conscious of himself—face hot and chest heaving, rumpled and exposed and more vulnerable than he'd ever been in his life. His throat was tight. He was choking on emotion, but there were things he ought to say. Things he wanted to say. Things he needed to say.
"Flattery's the last thing you need," Lestrade said. "You're arrogant enough as it is."
Sherlock stopped walking. Stared at the wall over the sofa. He blinked, furrowed up his brow again.
Sherlock shrugged, just a faint shift of thin shoulders.
He decides he would quite like to crack open the bottle. That much he can do. He does not think he can manage the rest of it.
"—so I've asked the folks at
"Strawberries in the champagne," Sherlock said. "Did you really expect it to be that easy? I came looking for you, not the other way around."
"Drugged?"
John tipped his head back, looked up at the ceiling. His hand, at his side, clenched and unclenched. "Yes. No. Not exactly. I was—it was a way to cope. I think."
"There are certain boundaries, Sherlock, you know? Lines you don't cross—"
He wonders if Sherlock knew. And then he thinks of Sherlock's face, that night, the shocked frozen devastation in his expression. Thinks of all that came after.
"You also mentioned that you're dead," John said. "Funny. I find myself talking to a lot of dead people these days."
"Are you all right?" John asked.
"Come on," John said, kissing him once more, stepping back. His smile was genuine, and tender, and a little sad. "Let's go home."
"Clearly."
Timing wise, this scene fits in shortly after this exchange:
John smiled, his bewildered smile, the one that meant he was not quite tracking what Sherlock was trying to say. "Not the vow?"
He took the moment to study her surreptitiously, the unhealthy pallor of her face, the rumpled clothes, the perpetually downturned mouth.
It was absurd, really. It wasn't like he lived at Baker Street. If Sherlock wanted to conduct a fake courtship, he could have done so whether or not John popped by for the occasional bit of takeaway in front of the telly.
"His father."
He stands up from the chair. His movement must be too sudden, because Sarah flinches back a little bit.
"He could always get a flatmate," Sherlock says.
"I'm betting you missed this entirely, yeah?" John said, sitting down on the sofa next to him. The cushions dipped, and Sherlock found himself wanting to lean closer, to blame the motion on his shifted balance—but no, best not.
Mycroft breathed out slowly. His fingers twitched, likely in want of a cigarette. "Do you remember Musgrave, at all?"
"I should go," John said. "Let you sleep."
"What doesn't?"
"Well," John said. He tipped his head back, breathed out hard. "Sometimes the simplest solution is the best one. Yeah?"
Sherlock flinches. It is not as satisfactory a response as John had hoped.
"Might be a while," Sherlock said. He frowned down at his phone, then lifted his gaze to peer through the windscreen.
"Come on," John said. "Let's go."
"Mm," Sherlock said, amusement curling at the corner of his mouth as he imagined how that had gone. Then he'd sobered, thought of Eurus in her cell, silent and dangerous, in desperate need of
Harry had taken a job as a barista at a cute little coffee shop. She shared outrageous stories about customers that had John snorting with laughter and Rosie giggling at her exaggerated expressions and voices.
"They didn't even try, with Eurus," Sherlock said. He frowned, unsure why the thought had occurred.
"Probably just—kids, yeah? Smash the window, grab some cash, run off?"
John did not hesitate. He bolted forward, pushing through the other dancers. Sherlock was on the floor, grappling with a man in a leather jacket. The man had rolled Sherlock onto his back, his hands wrapping around Sherlock's throat.
had John chosen this?
"Right, yeah," Greg said. "Well—"
"Why is this happening?" his voice cracked a bit, too loud in the darkness.
Cursing, John hurried forward, rounded the corner after him. The street he'd turned onto was nearly empty. There was no sign of Evan anywhere.
No. Not rolling. Static. Patterned. Wallpaper.
"Just—erm—" John trailed off. "Didn't know how it worked. You two."
"How the hell did you find me?" he asked, finally.
She giggled. Copied his motion.
He stood up, paced around the coffee table, very aware of Lestrade and Molly lurking uncertainly in the periphery.
He hits the EXECUTE key with a bit more force than necessary, intending to punctuate his decision.
John blinks once, slowly, and then jerks awake. He starts to sit up, seems to reconsider, and flops back down against Sherlock's pillow. His voice, when it emerges, is scratchy and wry. "Sorry, is this actually meant to be helping me sleep?"
The florist looked from Sherlock to Janine and then threw a helpless glance in John's direction. He shrugged, found himself echoing Sherlock's bland smile. Surely she didn't think there was anything he could do. Sherlock was—what had he told Harry? A force all unto himself.
"Yes," John said quietly.
"Sherlock," Mycroft said, and hesitated. He seemed to steel himself. "Are you all right?"
"Shh," John says, desperate, and when that does not quiet her, he turns his head, looking for the source of her sudden misery.
"Lestrade's going to be angry when he finds out you've been lying about all this," John said, finally.
"He knew you'd work it out," she says.
He laughed again, a little disbelievingly. "Targeted me? I just assumed—well. You know. Drugs. Or something. People act weird. When they're high. Don't they?"
Vivian snatched the leash from Sherlock. Trevor went to her, tail wagging, the very picture of canine congeniality. "What have you done with my dog?" She whirled to look at John. "Why did you let this man take my dog?"
John watched her go, listened for the slam of the front door.
"John," Sherlock says.
Behind him, Sherlock was silent.
"I don't want you to go."
Sherlock on the floor in the morgue at St Caedwalla's, letting himself be kicked. Sherlock in his chair at Baker Street, looking at John with that pained face but letting him walk away.
John stands, unbuckles Rosie from her chair. "Time for a bath, I think," he says.
"Shit," he says.
Greg frowned at him. His flushed good cheer had mostly faded. He looked older, and oddly sad. "Right, yeah, well—" he lifted his mostly empty glass. "Time for a refill, I think. Happy New Year, John."
Sherlock stares at him, trying to put the pieces together. His heart is beating very fast. It is hard to think. "But you got on the plane."
"But it's over," John said. "Has been for—Christ, I haven't even spoken to him in years. I don't know why I invited him, seems a bit cruel now in retrospect, but I guess I just wanted to—I just wanted—"
"Well. You already knew that, I guess. But I—I'm glad you're not dead. You, um. Always made me feel alive. So."
Three hours later he exits the train in Exeter. He has been sitting with his thoughts for too long. The shine of spontaneity has worn off and he regrets coming all this way.
"Shut up," Sherlock said. It emerged like a groan, like a prayer.  "Shut
John let go of Sherlock's lapels, looked down at the ground, breathed out. Resisted the urge to reach back out to smooth the crumpled fabric in apology. He'd already overstepped, and badly.
Finally, he'd returned to the window.
"Necessary," he says, finally.
his heart lurching because that voice, that voice sounded like—
"Not a bloody clue," John said. He sighed, set the jack aside. "Shit."
"Where, exactly, is 'there'?" she asks. There is a concealed edge to her voice. He thinks she might be a little bit nervous, too.
He looked away as Sherlock and Janine began bickering over the merits of buttercream versus fondant. Pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes, tuned them out.
He considers. "No, I don't think so."
The weather, perhaps. The closeness to the holidays. People were more desperate, this time of year, it seemed. More willing to do terrible things.
"Did you seriously just—" John paused, shook his head, huffed out another laugh. "All right, fine. And to
John smiles in spite of himself. "No. God, no. It was just after our first storm season. Sherlock had been tapped to speak at some convention about storm preparedness—whoever had asked him clearly didn't know him well or they wouldn't have asked—and he'd somehow managed to talk me into going with him."
Sherlock had not needed to try very hard to talk him into going along. There had been the promise of a lavish hotel room, free meals, and a great deal of sex. That had been more than enough.
"I simply wanted to observe. I needed to understand."
"John," Mary said again. "What are you doing?"
"Thank you for your assistance," Sherlock said, not looking up from the microscope.
"I don't think he has," Moriarty says. There is a smirk in his voice, a flat amusement that John remembers all too well. "He's out of the game. They don't send TV weathermen out into the field."
"Probably," Sherlock admits. He is lost, he thinks. Lost at sea. Caught up in a helpless tidal pull of affection.
None of this matters, now.
Behind her, Mary leaned against the far wall, arms crossed.
His expression twisted something in Sherlock's chest, and he looked away.
"Obviously," John agreed.
Sherlock let the door slam behind him, loud enough to rattle the knocker against the wood.
and she's—" his voice broke open, raw and cracked. "She's all I've got."
His hand sliding across her back, fingers spread against the purple satin of her dress.
"Very talented," Sherlock cuts in. "The camera loves him."
He turns his attention to the other man, who is still standing frozen in the doorway.
"I just don't think they're right for each other," Mrs Hudson tutted as she passed over Rosie's nappy bag. "They way they carry on. And in public like that!"
John cut him off, pressed their lips together, felt his chest warm at Sherlock's pleased little sound.
John takes pity. He sets Rosie on the ground, lets her tug him by the hand back towards the bench. They make enough noise approaching that the woman turns to watch them.
"Victor," he said. The name felt strange on his tongue.
That, he thought, was a bit of a problem.
"Oh," Sherlock says, finally. He is very aware of his own breathing, of his chest rising and falling. There are people on the pavement, walking, talking, swerving to avoid him, going about their lives.
Hungerford Bridge. The Golden Jubilee footbridges. A pretty walk on a nice evening, hazardous and icy on a night like this. Sherlock, alone on a winter's night, cornering a desperate man.
Sherlock suspected. He ran into trouble when he tried to voice them. It was not his strong suit. It never would be.
as if spending time at Baker Street had become simply another tedious shift at a job he did not want.
"I know," John said softly. "You told me."
Sherlock had gone quite still. He swallowed. The bob of his Adam's apple brushed against John's knuckle.
"What else is there to say?" John snapped. "They're grieving."
It had been enough to send Sherlock careening to his feet, craning his neck to see over John’s shoulder.
"They found him at the bottom of an old well on the property. Not far from where Jimmy had left him after their argument."
Had he missed something, then, when he'd returned? Something important?
Movement behind him, a rustle of clothing. Sherlock.
"Christopher Thomas," Sherlock said, slipping his arm from Janine's and whirling to face John as they stepped into the private room reserved for the bridal party.
"Right," he said, finally. His face had flushed up hot. He turned back towards the door. His cane clicked against the marble.
"Is everyone—"
"And I can understand why you—" Molly hesitated. "Why you were angry with Sherlock. Why you pushed back. Even though it wasn't his fault. But. Um. The way you treated him—"
plural. One cat. One time."
The cashier blinked back at him. Behind her, the barista froze halfway in the act of pouring coffee.
Ten minutes later he fetched his coat and went.
She snuffled against his neck, whimpered a little. He had no illusions that she understood his words, but she seemed to settle more, relaxing into his arms.
"Sherlock."
"Yeah, me too," John said. He had not spent last New Year's Eve with Mary. Instead, he'd passed it alone in front of the telly with a bottle of very good scotch. The liquor had been a spontaneous splurge after returning her unworn engagement ring to the jeweler for a partial refund. He'd almost regretted it. The liquor, not the ring.
He awoke in hospital.
Sherlock took the stairs two at a time, his knees popping, his heart sinking. He'd forgot. He'd forgot all about it, it had been
"And using Rosie as an excuse?" Mary's voice went hard. "That was low. Where is Rosie now, John?"
"Funny," John said. "Yeah. Good joke. So who put you up to this?"
Here be monsters.
The smell of burning plastic is immediate, sharp, intense. The fans whir. Something deep inside makes a pained grinding sound. The screen flickers to life.
"That's not what I—" John shook his head. "I don't want you to tell me what to do. I just want—just—don't fade away, Sherlock. Don't politely excuse yourself from my life. Because I'm afraid that I'll let you."
He was losing his mind. He had to be. First Sherlock, and now this. Haunted by the ghost of a man he hadn't so much as thought about in nearly ten years.
There was a muffled thump as a pair of trousers hit the doorframe, followed by a shirt.
He stood up from the table, took a cautious step towards the sitting room. John had left the telly on. It was cycling through a DVD menu of some kind, eerie whistling music backed by piano. He frowned, looked back.
Sherlock had gone on frowning. "He's interested in the work we're doing."
She smiled faintly. It did not reach her eyes. Silence fell between them.
I could do?"
Thinking of it as
And Rosie had jumped to her feet and run to them, had embraced them both with a tearful, heaving apology.
Lestrade made a noise that sounded suspiciously like a laugh. "I thought you said you told him," he said, the comment clearly meant just for Molly but in a voice loud enough to be heard clear across the room.
John sighed. "Your brother did say he had one of those, yeah."
"Can it wait?" Sherlock asked.
afraid.
"How can you be sure?"
"Shut up," Pete said. His face had gone terribly pale.
"As he's left—" Sherlock said, and he offered an exaggerated glance around the empty little room, "I can only assume that you don't return his affections. That whatever there was between you has—um—cooled. Naturally what should follow is a reaffirmation of the affections you
"Y'know, I don't much care for feeling like a dog called to heel," he said. Sherlock did not respond. He hadn't expected him to.
in the first place. They were keeping warm. That was all.
"Remind me to thank the universe one day," John said.
"The dance lessons."
"Date?"
"Why are you here? You hate Christmas. Go away."
"Not sure how he expected me not to notice."
Sherlock was sharply dressed, as composed as ever. When John had shut the door to their flat behind him, he had been pyjama-clad, his hair wild.
She had an irritating laugh, he thought.
"I can assure you that Vivian Norbury will pay dearly for what she has done."
"All right."
Sherlock looked away from the door, took in his brother's subdued demeanor, his tense shoulders, his face, pinched and drawn. This was not an easy subject.
There was a pink line just over his left eyebrow, new skin, freshly healed. Barely noticeable.
John opened the door, slid out of the car. The rain had slowed to an uncomfortable light mist that made him hunch his shoulders. His face was still hot, his shoulders tense.
Sherlock sat forward, frowning, because they were all wrong. Instead of John's steady stride, these were lighter, quicker. Almost like—
It was Sherlock's voice in his head, dry and drawling and bored.
The stretcher halts. Someone touches his shoulder, feather-light, fleeting. It is meant as comfort, he supposes, but it is unnecessary. He is beyond comfort now.
Sherlock thought again of Semtex and chlorinated air and dancing red lights.
"For fuck's sake," John said, flopping back down onto his pillow. He laughed, a miserable, humourless sound, let his arm fall across his eyes. "I've got to tell you, mate, I'm really not seeing the point of all this."
"He linked up with an amateur storm chasing group last season," Sherlock says. "Apparently there's quite the fortune to be made on YouTube." He wrinkles his nose. "You know the type. Idiots with their phones, desperate for attention, taking too many risks without the training to back it up."
He could—he should be able to—well, they might need to restart his heart, but with any luck they'd be equipped to do so—
sort of gesture. The whipping wind feels good in his hair.
"Does anyone want something to drink?" John asked. His face was hot. His hand twitched. He went into the kitchen without waiting for a reply.
And now—
"Do you have any allergies?" Sherlock asked.
He bounced his left knee under his hand, discomfited, seeking to dispel the nervous energy. She'd put him on edge. Not what he'd needed on the heels of Sherlock's worrisome silence.
Did he really think he could pull this off? Here?
"I fell asleep," Sherlock said, and then, feeling foolish for making such an obvious statement, added: "Get your things, we'll take the next train back to London."
He did not turn around. He busied himself with the mugs and teabags, took longer than necessary retrieving the sugar and milk. He breathed a sigh of relief as the kettle clicked off.
"It was the brother," he told Lestrade, tossing the first file onto the sofa cushion next to him. "The girlfriend," he said, adding the second to the pile. He held up the third folder, waggled it in the air. "Not a murder at all. Accidental choking. Broken ribs were posthumous, a failed attempt at resuscitation. The witness was afraid of being wrongly accused—correctly, it seems—and fled the scene."
"Stop," Sherlock said.
"Then why are you bringing it up?" A definite note of irritation in Sherlock's voice.
"I'm sorry," John said.
"So you're married," Moriarty had said, leaning against the door with his arms crossed, smiling his unsettlingly blank smile. "That's cute."
The response was immediate.
"Had to turn her down." John scratches at the back of his neck with the hand that is not supporting Rosie. He looks up at the ceiling, huffs out an uncomfortable little laugh. "Bit awkward, after all that."
The man turned around.
"He just loves everyone," she said. She placed the leash in John's hand.
His gaze caught on the edge of a white envelope, pressed between two rather dull and outdated medical textbooks.
Mrs Hudson must have put it there. How many times had he passed under it without noticing?
John bolted after him. His shoes skidded on the wet pavement and he struggled grimly on.
Sherlock had come back to him with a manic smile and a bad accent. He'd wanted laughter and had instead taken a fist to the face. He'd been hurt, oh Christ he'd been hurt badly, John knows that now, but he'd hidden it well.
Instead he'd soaked up John's warmth, had stolen a taste of John's lips, had fallen asleep breathing John's scent.
Baker Street. His own face. His voice, slight stammer. Nerves. He was pacing.
John and Mary are moving towards the plane now, and Sherlock gapes after them for a moment, stunned. John has not said goodbye. John has—there was not even an attempt, not a hug, not a handshake, not a half-hearted joke. He's just turned and—
"Mm," Sherlock had agreed, still chuckling. His chest felt warm.
The woman threw a shocked glance in John's direction. He smiled blandly back, gave a little shrug.
"Skills? What skills? She's twenty years old. Practically still a child."
"Did you—"
There was a burning discomfort in his chest that he'd grown used to, had grown adept at ignoring. He narrowed his eyes at his brother. "Magnussen was never going to stop."
"When I added my contact information into her phone, I might have switched my name with her boyfriend's," Sherlock said.
not sputtering.
He shuts his eyes, breathes through his nose. His hand shakes. He is not normal, he thinks. He has run headlong into danger without fear, and he has feared things that others embrace with gusto.
John stiffened up, seeming to reach the same conclusion, and he stood up quickly, dropping Sherlock’s hands, turning towards the door just as Lestrade burst in.
"Yeah," John said. He rubbed his face, felt the uneven scrape of stubble across his chin. Forced himself to meet Sherlock's eye. "Tall bloke? Glasses. Lack of regard for personal space?"
"Um," she said.
"What are you—?"
"Dick," John said. He stepped away with some reluctance, opened the pub door. The air inside was warm and welcoming.
It had been idealised, Sherlock knew. John's skin looked sun-warmed and tanned, his hair glinting more gold than silver. His face was unlined, unmarred by fear or doubt or exhaustion or strain. His smile was crooked, genuine, magnetic. He had not looked this young in all of the time that Sherlock had known him.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his eyes distant. "I don't know."
The words fell between them. He set his drink on the counter, his hand curled loosely around the glass. Listened to the sound of his own breathing.
"No," Sherlock said. "I double checked. The bakery provided the correct cake—very clearly marked. The fatal error occurred in the kitchen, after the cake had been delivered. The cake that triggered Winston Crane's peanut allergy was provided by a different bakery, meant for another party. An accidental switch, so we're to believe. "
"No, you misunderstand me," Mycroft said. "I was seven years old when you arrived on the scene. I'd had seven years to myself. I was not particularly keen for that to change."
"I was. I did," Sherlock says. He shuts his eyes, fists his hands into the back of John's shirt.
"People will definitely talk," John said, his voice at once wry and wary and
Mary had told him, and Sherlock had leapt straight down into the flames, unhesitating.
"I'm not high."
(Well, perhaps a bit boring. But certainly not as boring as his empty flat with its empty rooms and its empty chairs. There were plenty of dust motes swirling in the air and dust was eloquent, but it seemed the dust in his rooms had very little to say and he'd grown terribly sick of all the quiet.)
The silence was palpable. Sherlock wanted to turn over to look. He remained where he was.
He opens the window. A gentle breeze rustles the curtains, and though it carries the ever-present smell of livestock, he finds he does not mind. The night is cool, and quiet, nothing like the relentless energetic drone of Sherlock's London.
"Just like that," he says. He pecks her on the cheek—anything more feels wrong, somehow, here amidst the corn—and sets off towards Anderson's ridiculous RV.
He laughed in spite of himself, ducked his head. "Dance lessons. You and I both know you don't need them."
Sherlock made a sound that might have been agreement. John waited, but he said nothing more.
The man whirled around, brandished the knife in Sherlock's direction. "How do you—"
Sherlock tilts his head, listens. There is a murmur of voices at the door. Too low to make out. More conversation than strictly necessary for a polite parting.
But the painting, the very existence of the painting—
"There are upwards of 25 million tonnes of spiders in the world," Sherlock told him.
"And the others?" Sherlock interrupted. He still sounded bored. "Winston and Robert Crane were—
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. Thought of Mycroft, calmly awaiting a bullet in the heart. There had never been any question. There had never been any choice to make. He had known it. Mycroft had known it. Had accepted it. Tried to make it easier, in his own way.
He shook his head again, went to the door. Let himself out. The evening air was cool against his flushed cheeks.
He pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes, hard. When he lifted them away, the room was empty.
He takes a moment to contemplate what he will need to do.
"Marriage, specifically, John. He wasn't pushing for them to date. He had a reason, a particular reason for wanting his son to enter a legal arrangement with Ms Turner, and it had nothing at all to do with the fact that she's a woman."
"I realize," Sherlock said, slowly. "That doesn't actually make sense."
John pulled his gaze away from the window, looked down at his hands. He swallowed. "Is he safe? Have you taken care of it?"
Sherlock jerked his head up, crashing his lips against John's so hard their teeth clacked together, a bright burst of pain. His fingers clenched, digging into John's back.
"He's going to help you. He's working on it now. He's—handling it."
"Jesus," she said, and he hated that tone, hated the guilt in it. They'd not been on speaking terms when Sherlock had died. She'd never seen him, had never known.
"No sir,“ the guard said. He held out a phone.
"I missed it," John said. He inclined his head towards the clock.
He took a shaky breath.
given that the man seemed to have no compunctions about making everyone around him uncomfortable.
Sherlock took a step forward, then another, moving slowly. His face gave nothing away. His eyes, those wonderful strange eyes, had not wavered from John's face.
There were two men leaning casually against a high table, looking in their direction. One of them had set a rather expensive looking camera on top of the table.
Irritation rose at being wrong, at being called on it. "Well yes, obviously, it matters to
The noise crests and begins to fade, leaving behind a heavy and horrible silence in its wake.
Sherlock blinks. And blinks again. And blinks and blinks and blinks. He does not respond.
"I'm sorry about Mary," Sherlock said. "I don't believe I ever really had the opportunity to say. Well. Perhaps I did, but I—there were. Other concerns. At the time. But I know you'd rather it had—that I'd been the one to—"
John turned off the tap, braced his hands on the sink. Stared hard at himself in the mirror. He looked tired, and old, lines etched in his skin by years of sorrow and anger. His eyes were sunken, shadowed, haunted.
"The dance lessons," John breathed.
The sudden silence was startling.
Harry Watson's Not-So-Abominable Brother.
His chest felt as if it had been ripped open and haphazardly patched back together. Which, he supposed, wasn't far off from the truth.
an unlikely thought—he would choose something similar. Not gold, though. Gold was Mary's colour, and Mary was gone.
"Yeah," John said. "I got it. Lucky for you."
"Why are you here?"
"No," John said, and cleared his throat. "Well. Not exactly."
He went up to the room, unlocked the door. Flopped onto the little bed against the wall without bothering to remove his coat or shoes.
She'd been armed, he'd been
"What do you need me to do?"
"All right," John says.
Sherlock taps his fingertips against the armrests to hide the inexplicable tremor in his hands. "You'll have to be more specific."
They go out into the fading daylight together. John opens the back door to his car and Buccaneer jumps in without complaint.
Sherlock was the genius, and yet sometimes he looked at John as if
Sherlock swallows against a sudden lump in his throat. He steps into the kitchen, sits down at the table. Across from him, Rosie is playing some sort of game with her eggs that seems to have very little to do with eating.
Mrs Hudson, of course. It couldn't have been anyone else. Mycroft would have simply taken it. Lestrade would have had him arrested,
"You took Rosie up to bed," John said. "I deduced that."
"Sherlock, were you—" John smiles then, suddenly, surprisingly. He is rolling his eyes at the same time and the overall picture is one of supremely exasperated affection. "Were you listening to me at all, earlier?"
"Yeah. We started spending more time together these last few months after—well—after everything, and something just clicked, and then—" she shrugged.
"Oh," Sherlock says. And then, again, as the realisation takes hold, crashing over him in a wave of considerable dismay. "
Sherlock looks up at him, his skin painted golden in the setting sun, beneath the spray of vivid leaves. He smiles, a small smile, but a genuine one.
John did not look away from him, did not step back. "Why not? Would have made the most sense."
"Are you all right?"
"How?" John asked, finally. His voice felt as though it had been ripped from his throat. "How can this—how can
Lestrade made a garbled sound.
John rubbed at his face, sagged against the doorframe. Looked around the room.
"Oh," John said, stung. He looked away.
"Watson," John said, conscious of the all of the eyes on him, of the amused smile flitting across Janine's face. He stepped forward. "John. You can just—just call me John."
A spider pushed out from between Moriarty's lips, scuttled across his chin, down his neck. A strand of saliva clung to its back, stretched, snapped.
John smiled back.
John jolts. He knows that tone, the jittery eager excitement.
"Well, that depends. What kind of trouble?"
"Hello," she said.
"You limp badly when you walk. But you seem to forget about it while standing—see? You're not even leaning on your cane."
"Not everything has to be a bloody trip down memory lane," John said, but his complaint was tinged with humour. Sherlock bit his lip and he sighed, tipped his head back.
"What—?"
The screen flickers. Smoke begins first to curl, then to pour out from the keyboard. The chemical burning smell sharpens. Sparks dance in the nest of wires jutting out of the back.
"It's five-thirty," Molly said. She sounded startled. She should not be startled, he thought. She should have seen this coming. "You're supposed to be there at six to—"
"I don't much care for your opinion," Sherlock said, smiling sweetly.
John chuckled, leaned back against the sofa cushions. At some point he had migrated closer, his arm warm where it brushed against Sherlock's.
A dream, then.
A larger crowd is gathering against the glass to his left. Topside, the attendant who fitted him with the suit and mask has almost certainly discovered his deception.
John looked down at him for a moment, his expression bemused. "Not doing your back any favours, sitting like that. Especially after spending the night in your chair."
John stood for a moment, studying his back. He was in pyjamas and a dressing gown. That, he thought, could be a good sign. Or a bad sign. Who knew, really.
"Pete," Sherlock said, "and Christine Thomas. An acquaintance set them up on a blind date, but she felt they didn't really click—" he brought his hands up and made exaggerated air quotes, "—and should remain friends. Apparently he'd carried a torch for years."
"John," he said. He found himself quite unwilling to sever the connection between them.
His own chair now seemed that much more conspicuous, alone by the fire.
"You."
Sherlock's grand idea. Their design. They'd spent hours, weeks, months,
"I was cleaning out his things," she says, when he's finally mustered up the energy to make her a cup of tea.
"Did you want—?" John said.
He thought of the dressing room, of Sherlock's lapels crushed in his hands, Sherlock backed against the wall with lipstick on his neck and his eyes wide and furious.
"Didn't feel like just asking?"
"None of this," John says. "None of what you've said explains why the horse is here. Why he's locked up in this tiny little barn with dye on his face."
"Seems we were bound to run into each other," John said. "Again."
He should not care, he reminds himself. This part of his life is over. It is natural to feel some degree of . . . nostalgia, being here amongst the people he once called friends, doing the work he once loved.
"But—"
The silence between them was strained. He glanced away, looked at the wall, pursed his lips.
John’s hand dropped onto the sheet over Sherlock’s shoulder, but he did not tug back at the edge. Instead his hand patted once, twice, a clumsy half-caress, and then he’d doubled over, his hands on his knees, and he was making a sound that was not quite a sob. All of the air seemed to have gone out of him.
Christ. There had been too many near misses.
"Thought it would be nice for you two to get to know each other," she said.
Sherlock heaved a sigh, leaned back against the leather seat. "Clearly."
And he supposed he had known it, to some extent, had known it from the night all those years ago when Rosie, just three years old, had clung feverish and sweaty against John's chest, her breath hitching with little sobs, and he had hovered nervously in the doorway while John put her to bed, watching with anxious eyes, wanting to see for himself that she would be all right. And then what had come after, John's lips on his for the first time, John's hands in his hair, on his skin.
Sherlock's voice piped up,
"What—?" John stepped back, looked him up and down. His mouth had gone dry, his heart thudding in his chest.
"You think I want you to leave," Sherlock says. "I don't want you to leave."
"I'm sorry," he said again. This time he meant that too.
John saw what was going to happen a split-second before it did.
His face must give him away, because she laughs, leans against the counter. It is a friendly laugh, deep and comfortable and not at all flirtatious.
Sherlock looked at him, held his gaze for a moment longer than seemed necessary. Nodded. Looked away.
John brought one hand up to pinch at the bridge of his nose. He looked tired, worn out, defeated in a way that Sherlock had rarely seen him.
Sherlock stopped. He was trembling. He did not know why. He wished it would stop.
"Mm," he said, shook his head. "Can't tell you that. Classified."
"Oh," John said. His steps faltered. He breathed out through his nose, resumed his gentle sway. "I'm not—" he hesitated. The familiar dismissal on the tip of his tongue felt disingenuous, somehow, in a way it never had before.
the thought broke over him like an icy wave, the first time he'd thought it in years, and wasn't that just—
"Well, you know Sherlock," John said with a tight smile, stooping to buckle Rosie into her pushchair. "He has a tendency to bring out the worst in people."
"John," Sherlock said again, helpless.
"The case. The one you've yet to write up.
Bristol, he thought. Well. It wasn't as if he hadn't known. Bit farther than he'd expected, that was all. He'd thought John would be simply going across London. Again.
John stared at him.
"Probably high."
He lifted the phone back to his ear.
He thought, perhaps, it might be the one that haunted him from time to time. The one where John looked on the verge of saying something momentous.
He doubts, however, that she's ever encountered anyone quite like Sherlock.
Out of habit, he dipped the arm holding her slightly towards Janine. It had been his experience that most people, upon being presented with the most charming baby in the history of the world, immediately wanted to hold her.
"Sherlock."
John trailed him towards the door, past the disapproving queue of people, out into the damp cold air.
He stopped. Swallowed.
John put his hands in his pockets, hunched his shoulders against the chill of the night. His breath puffed in front of him. In spite of the cold, he was not uncomfortable.
"Greg," Sherlock said. He swallowed hard. "Please. It's
"What?"
"Shark!" John shouts, and Rosie laughs and laughs and laughs.
"I wasn't asking if—"
Sherlock wrinkled up his nose.
"You spent all day with him yesterday," John said. "Presumably without any of these—hysterics."
It had been lovely, achingly warm and comfortable and John had wanted to reach out and trace his finger along the laugh lines on Sherlock's face, had wanted to draw him close and taste that awkward, charming smile—
"Yeah, I did," John said. Nodded. Then he frowned. "Wait. No. What message?"
He forced down another wave of guilt.
Now it felt like he was losing his mind.
"I didn't expect to see you here," Sherlock said.
"Right," John says. "Glad we've cleared that up."
"I meant utterly useless in a nice way," Sherlock said.
"A bolt-hole," John said.
The glass shattered. It rained in on him as he was flung forward. He covered his head, his bad shoulder bashing against the seat in front of him.
"I don't want to write about the case," he says. "You're right. It bothers me. And not because—not because she was cruel. Not only because of that."
for Chapter 10. Thank you so much! <3
John opened the door, went back out into the hallway. Listened to the low hum of Sherlock's laughter, punctuated by Janine swearing as they bumped into something.
He'd been in a foul mood by the time he'd reached the hotel Sarah had arranged for him the night before. He'd been cold, hungry, frustrated—and Rosie had been kicking and squirming and screaming her little lungs out.
At some point, John had a carton of chips thrust into his hand. He followed Sherlock to a bench, sat down. Sherlock shut his eyes, put his fingertips against his temples, hunched forward with his elbows on his knees. He did not say a word.
John did not rise to the bait. "You."
And that had been that.
He blew out a frustrated breath, dropped both hands onto the table in front of him. "He was just
Rosie had wrapped the bear's head with a bit of cloth and appeared to be performing some sort of rudimentary field surgery on its abdomen. She extracted a fistfull of cottony stuffing in a triumphant fist. One of the other children screamed.
John cleared his throat. "So you—?" He paused, looked down at his hands. The conversation he'd had with Mycroft in Baker Street felt surreal, distant. "Do you even
He thought of Mary having parents out there, somewhere, never knowing what had become of their daughter. The thought was unpleasant. It twisted deep in his gut and brought to mind unwanted memories of Eurus leering behind glass. He pressed his lips together.
"You're a bit young to master the waltz," John said, as he turned slow circles around the room with Rosie in his arms.
"About him."
"This—" Sherlock spread his arms, indicated the house, the car, the sprawling plot of land, "—was all very new to Charles McCarthy."
"No," John said, and then he grinned, emboldened. "Probably should have been."
"Deducing. Or complaining. Or whatever it is you were about to do. If they have space available, we're staying here."
He smiled tightly, did not look up. "Doubt he'd want to hear from me."
uttered again, it would be too soon.
"John?"
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, said nothing.
This is, after all, why he has come. The idea that had taken hold of him in the wee hours of the morning and compelled him onto a train bound for Devon.
"How was it?" John asks. He is on the floor with Rosie in the sitting room, watching as she crashes two toy cars together over and over and over again.
He did not answer. The air quality was poor, thick with the smell of old mud and stale water and mould. He looked up at the ring of grey sky, at the faint outlines of the stones all around. His teeth chattered.
The medical student, he thinks. It will all hinge on the medical student. He is not the one who has put the cadaver in the tank, though he will likely recognise his own involvement when he sees the incident on the news. Or perhaps he will hear about it through other channels. Surely Julia at King's College will be contacted once the idiots in charge of the investigation accept his conclusion that the pile of (gently) shark-nibbled limbs belong to an errant cadaver and not a murder victim.
John crosses the room to him with stumbling steps, still laughing, and then his hands are on Sherlock's arms and Sherlock's hands are on John's face and Sherlock is brimming with love, he is
"I'll leave it in your capable hands," Sherlock said. He smiled, tight and bloodless, and headed for the door.
shirt, as he had not bothered to pack a change of clothes for what he'd assumed to be a day trip.
"Jesus," John says. There are tattered leaves and ribbons of corn silk strewn across the windshield.
"Sorry? Sorry for what?" Sherlock dropped his hands into his lap, furrowed up his brow in an almost obscene parody of confusion.
"Depends."
"Six months and you're getting married. A little hasty, don't you think?"
Sherlock stared at him, and thought of the last time they'd seen each other, John standing awkwardly in the sitting room at Baker Street with Rosie clinging to his leg. John not meeting his eye as he said
Sherlock frowns. "She's a reasonably attractive woman in your age range. Recently divorced. Responded favourably to your daughter's presence. Clearly interested—she glanced at your left hand to gauge your marital status almost immediately."
John whirled around, his face contorted. "A few moments. You want to tell the vicar—Sherlock, what the
John throws his truck into park and leaps out, ignoring Mary's startled cry.
"Logically, I would have to say no," his recently-assigned partner countered.
And you stayed here with me
"Happy New Year, John!" it was Molly on the other end of the line. She sounded cheerful, a bit drunk, her voice just a shade too loud. There was background noise, too, a din of chattering voices and distant music.
John shakes his head. "Yeah, no, it's—sorry. Sorry. I'll just—I'll keep him at mine. For a while. Until I find someone who can take him in. I don't know what I was—"
His reflection did not look any better when he met his own eyes in the mirror a second time.
When he reaches the top of the stairs, Sherlock is standing in the doorway, staring.
It was what he should do.
He slows his pace even further, considers. On his next circuit through the exhibits he lingers at the gift shop, letting his gaze slip over brightly-coloured t-shirts and plush animals, keychains and postcards. Someone has kicked a faded red cooler under the desk. Scuff marks are consistent with staff making frequent use of it as a seat or footrest. The employees are gone, no doubt cleared out by police, but they have left the lights on in their wake. Perhaps they are on a timer.
Sherlock's lip twitched. "True."
"She spoke to you in such a way because she wanted to shock you, little brother. She wanted to get under your skin. And she succeeded.”
He exchanged increasingly tetchy messages with a prospective client before telling him to solve his own bloody case. Pretended not to notice John's raised brows, the disapproving set of his mouth.
She smiled, shrugged. "It was a lot more fun once he showed up—" she leaned over to nudge Sherlock in the arm.
He presses the button, regardless.
"You've seen her recently," Sherlock said. There was no need to say it. Rosie clearly knew her.
He was a terrible boyfriend. He was. He had a string of ex-lovers who would certainly agree with that assessment. He had nothing at all to offer someone like Sherlock Holmes, that remarkable and fascinating madman. He had nothing to offer Sherlock, and nothing he wanted to offer to anyone else.
John whirled around, his mouth falling open at the sight of the man in front of him. "You."
"And you're very handsome. I'm sure—"
"You can't
John shooed him towards the stairs.
Sherlock drifted after him, feeling half-caught in a dream. He eyed his chair, but instead joined John on the sofa, their knees bumping. He leaned his head back, breathed.
"Still dangerous, with her."
He almost meant it.
Sherlock had looked at him, frowned.
"Clearly something to do with our sister and the matter we discussed last month."
be happy to never have another conversation like this again, yeah?"
"You are here," Sherlock says. He lets his hand drop, his palm warm through the fabric of John's shirt.
"No furniture," John said. "Nothing here. Except for this. A box of dirty Erlenmeyer flasks and a—and—" He waved his hand helplessly at the painting Sherlock still held. "Whatever the hell that is."
"Yeah," John said. "Look, I get it. You know all about me. Read it in a file, or—or whatever it is that you do these days. Can we skip to the part where you tell me what you want?"
She did not need to say anything more. John had not come. John was not going to come. At some point between a bullet to the chest and Sherlock collapsing to the tired sitting room carpet, John had decided he'd had enough.
John sat down across from him. Took a sip of too-hot tea.
Sherlock jerked it back as if burned.
"Your laptop, for starters," Jim said. "And before you complain—I
for God's sake. He'd looked at John with a searching, pleading expression, and John had no idea what it was that he wanted, what on earth he thought John could possibly give him.
He did not respond, and she looked at him, frowned at the lost expression on his face. He was still touching his shoulder. The tips of his fingers were sticky with dried blood.
The water was icy and sludgy, stirring around his calves.
Mrs Hudson comes by.
John opened his eyes, looked down. Sherlock was sprawled ungracefully on his stomach, one arm extended, his left wrist held between John's fingers, the other flung up over his head. His legs shifted restlessly against the duvet.
Like the fact that John is avoiding his own bedroom. The fact that their living arrangement is not working out for him. The fact that he is lonely and miserable and trying very hard to pretend he is not.
"Did you even
"What do I mean?"
"Of course," Sherlock says. He goes to Rosie, who is bright-eyed and mischievous and covered in sticky bits of egg. She lets out a maniacal giggle and knocks over her cup of water.
Had torn it up, poured himself another drink, then set the whole batch of cards aflame in the kitchen sink, watched the drifting embers. The fire alarm had beeped. He'd taken the battery out, sat staring at the ashes.
"Sherlock."
Now he knows.
Following Harry's unintelligible rant are ten messages:
Flowers. Creeping vines. Dead leaves over gravestones. Tall grass.
The look on his face, that night at the Landmark.
"No," John snapped. He hesitated, startled at his own vehemence. "Erm—you'll be. Busy. With the wedding planning. Fake! Fake wedding planning. So. I should just—"
John stares, feeling a growing sense of horror. "He—"
He'd held her and rocked her and carried her around the room, tried to reason with her, tried to distract her, tried singing and goofy faces and turning up the telly.
"Oh," John says. He swallows. "All right."
Mary smiled back at him.
seemed almost larger than life. There was nothing bland or predictable about him. John very much wanted to meet him, to see him in person, walking and talking and filling his own natural habitat. There was something strangely endearing about the mess.
Sherlock scoffed. "Sell the cottage, your talents are wasted in Sussex Downs."
"Could they have been?" John asked. "Accidental?"
"Would knowing make it easier for you to trust me?"
John felt a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. He shook his head, looked down at the ground, chuckled in spite of himself. He was helpless in the face of Sherlock's amusement, always had been. Christ. What was wrong with him? "Sherlock—"
"Always," Sherlock gasped.
It is fast, he knows. They have only known each other for six months. He supposes this is why she has taken the news of his not-entirely-finalized divorce in stride.
He crossed the room, pushed through the swinging door into the kitchen, twisting out of the way of a tuxedo-clad waiter balancing a tray of nibbles.
Sherlock turned around. Clapped his hands together. His fingers looked pale and vulnerable in the shadows.
Originally posted
He'd had no real idea how much work had gone into it. Not then.
"Quickly, please," Sherlock said, feeling a sudden hot rush of anger. "I don't have all day."
Sherlock had thought, miserably.
"I don't know!" John smiled again, a genuine, full smile. "I have no idea. It was—it was completely mental. He gave no indication that he was going to be, you know, unruly, and then all of a sudden he was hurling himself into the beverage cart."
He was mesmerizing, this close. Sherlock could see his pores, the fine lines under his eyes, around his mouth. The way his pupils had dilated, swallowing the rich dark blue of his irises. Sherlock wanted to press his lips to every line, wanted to catalogue every hair.
"Mary," he said. He wavered, aiming first at Smallwood, then at Mary.
"Closer," John says.
She differed from John in that way. John would not have been able to help himself.
He stood in the light rain and watched as the car pulled away from the kerb, his own reflection flickering by in the tinted windows.
From down the hall, a door squealed open. Footsteps.
Well. He shouldn't have expected anything different. John was—John had made it quite clear that he wasn't interested in—in anything. At all.
"I don't think she likes me much," Janine said. "Mrs Hudson. Seemed a bit scandalised this morning. Probably hasn't forgiven me for last time, with the papers."
He had been good at that, once.
"She hasn't moved out yet, has she? Some of us have been taking bets."
"Sure," he said again. "Locked. Yeah. No problem."
On the other side of the corridor, the tanks gurgle and hum. John has not followed.
"Did it ever occur to you," he started, surprised at the steadiness of his own voice. "At any point. In that enormous brain of yours, did you ever think that—that maybe the reason this is so bloody difficult is because I'm in love with you too?"
it, sweet against his lips.
"I'm doing the stomach now, all right?" she snapped.
need an ambulance," Sherlock hissed through his teeth.
Sherlock turned away, rubbing at his chin with the tips of his fingers. His eyes were distant.
unhappy, but it's not being here that makes you unhappy. It's knowing you'll have to leave."
"Well." John shifted, uncomfortable. "You know."
"Hurry," he said. "I'll pay extra, just—just go."
But Janine—
As far as last thoughts went, on balance, John had been a lot happier with
Sherlock looked at it, did not grasp it to pull himself up.
He speaks with the police for nearly an hour. The DI who questions him is called Gregory, and the name brings an involuntary smile to John's lips. Another memory, another little piece of Sherlock.
There were countless routes she might have taken.
"Well," John says. He scratches the back of his neck, clears his throat. "No sense waiting when you—when you know. Yeah?"
John gave a tired little laugh, leaned his head back against the sofa cushions. It was comfortable.
It had been uncomfortable, really. Embarrassing. No one—no one ever really wanted to know those kinds of details about their best mate.
"Why should I?"
He was on the sofa. He remembered, now. He'd got home late, had deemed the stairs too daunting. The sofa had welcomed him. At least he'd remembered to take off his shoes first.
He rounded a corner and approached his door. His hand went to his back, brushing against the gun, fingers curled and ready.
John shivered, pulled his coat closer. The headache, which had been lurking just behind his eyes all day, had begun to throb. Sherlock's eyes were cool and pale and very, very close.
Well. He wasn't terribly keen on socialising outside of dance class, that was all. And Pete's sad, sympathetic gaze still weighed heavily on his mind.
Sherlock rummaged around in his coat, withdrew a crinkling evidence bag, a bloodstained book resting within.
"I imagine the working conditions were a bit more volatile than you were used to," Sherlock said. "Still, needs must. Until you heard a
"You asked me, once," Sherlock said. "When we first met. Why tornadoes."
"Since when do you do what I say?"
John shifted again where he stood in the doorway. Sherlock sat exactly where he'd been the last time John had seen him. His expression was closed off, achingly far from that bruised and searching gaze he'd once fled from.
Sherlock's heart thudded in his chest.
"No," John said. "Just—"
"What?" Sherlock jerked in his chair, pulled himself upright, looking bleary and rumpled.
"Oh," he said, after a moment.
Christ, were she and Sherlock sitting up into the night having bloody heart-to-hearts? Was she pouring out her feelings to him on a regular basis? There was no way Sherlock would tolerate such a thing, was there? He had to be filtering her out. That's what he did. He filtered. He tuned out. He avoided.
Sherlock stepped out with his companion, shopping bags in hand. They were laughing together, their voices mirthful and unfamiliar. They paid John no mind as they passed by.
"He got off to a bit of an early start," Lestrade said.
"It's not that bad."
or even
But this time, he'd not returned.
She held his gaze for a moment longer. Then she nodded, wrote something in her notebook. "I'm going to need contact information. In case we have any further questions."
He thought of John now.
he thought. Because Sherlock was right, he was always right, and John had been foolish and stupid and selfish to think it was better to go it alone. They were better together. The two of them against the rest of the world.
And then Mary had left, and wasn't that just the icing on the cake? Sherlock showing up just long enough to wreck the last good thing that John had going for him?
Mary winced. "Oh, that's unfortunate."
John glanced at him, surprised. He'd thought Sherlock was quite fond of strawberries.
in between frantic moonlit kisses.
haven't been—I just—"
Sherlock quashed the thought.
"Yeah, all right," Lestrade said, sounding a bit exasperated. "And?"
John presses his lips together in a tight half-smile, rocks a bit on his feet where he stands. He is uncomfortable, clearly, but attempting to rally. "Vital to the ecosystem and all, yeah?" he tries. "Sharks."
John did not need to think it over. "Well. Lucky for you, my plans for tomorrow were just cancelled."
The look on John's face was not simply the expression of a man irritated at an interruption. It was the stricken look of a man suddenly faced with a ghost from the past, someone
"More expedient this way," Sherlock said, though that was hardly true.
In retrospect, Sherlock wished he'd kept her far, far away.
"Yes," Mycroft said. He dropped his cigarette to the ground, stepped on it. The sole of his shoe scraped across the icy pavement. "Even me."
"Ah," he said. "So that's what you meant."
"You—go over there. Move." Pete shook the gun in John's direction.
Sherlock glanced at him.
Sherlock had stood there for a moment longer, regarding Mycroft with a critical eye.
"Oh," Harry said, and then again, softer: "Oh."
"Shut up," John said. "He's got in your head."
He allowed himself to be steered into the sitting room, nudged into his chair. He tilted his head back, pressed the bag of peas against his face. He closed his eyes.
The air was cool against John's back, Sherlock's breath hot against his neck.
"Hideous colour."
"A bit," John agrees, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. "Alan seemed the nervous type. Can't have been easy for him."
"We're looking for this Simpson fellow now," Gregory tells him. "It's looking more and more likely that he killed Straker and made off with the horse."
One of John's neighbors was a stay at home mum with a daughter about Rosie's age. He paid her to take Rosie off his hands a few hours each week. Until recently, he'd been in the habit of spending many of those hours with Sherlock.
"You just assume that lock-picking is one of my skills? I'm a doctor."
bubbling up so close to the surface—
John's lips are moving again, shaping his name.
"You don't have to," John says.
he thinks, stunned and numb and furious all at once.
And John had taken his cue, had dutifully crouched down and examined the body, had confirmed that it looked like anaphylactic shock, and—
"And yet you've involved me anyway, making sure to air the last gasps of your dying relationship loudly enough for anyone in the vicinity to hear."
"Shit," he said, and rubbed at the faint afternoon stubble on his jaw.
"Shh," someone tells him, and he is rolled sideways, pushed free of the airbag. The pavement is cold and damp beneath him.
Airport security had arrived. They hauled the man up off of the ground, began dragging him towards the exit. Some of the passengers clapped.
He shut his eyes, lost himself.
"Sherlock," John said, and he had to press his knuckles against his mouth to stop himself from smiling. There was nothing to smile about, not anymore. His mouth should stop trying to disagree.
It left John queasy and unsettled and irritated and, worst of all, unsure, because Sherlock was—
He picks it up and is surprised anew at the weight of it. He wonders, not for the first time, just what the hell Sherlock had been thinking.
"Expectations that you'll blog about any and all major events relating to me. It would seem suspicious if you didn't mention it. As the best man, of course."
"Sorry," Sherlock says, and John may be lying to himself, but he thinks Sherlock is referring to something more than the ruined machine.
The bedroom was as neat as John remembered it. Sherlock's bed was soft, the sheets crisp and new.
His shoulders were thinner, less muscular than they had been when Sherlock had first met him. He was still the most fascinating thing in the room.
"Well, you know it's best not to argue with him when he's got his mind set on something."
His pulse spiked, the traitorous monitors giving him away. He cleared his throat, struggled to move.
The menu continued to loop.
over. And while he ordinarily would not have let that stop him from doing what he wanted to do, he thought that perhaps he might find himself in want of the extra armour a crisp suit afforded.
The streets were busier than usual, bustling with last-minute shoppers and merrymakers. Storefronts and windows were strung with twinkling fairy lights, warm and inviting against the bracing chill.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, reading. He was dressed, impeccable, not a hair out of place. He glanced up when he heard John's footsteps on the lino.
"You can't be in that much of a hurry," Sherlock says.
Sherlock was silent for a time. Then he sighed. "I read your email."
When he glanced back up, Sherlock was frowning, his brow creased. He'd clasped his hands behind his back and was studying John quite intently.
"That the universe is rarely so lazy."
"John?" Mary says, after a moment.
"But what does it matter?"
He spared a mildly guilty thought for his job, looked at his watch. He was already hours late. Well, if Sarah was looking to sack him, she had more than ample reason to do so by now.
"I didn't know," John said. His voice cracked.
He moved to brush past John, to slip through the open door, and John caught him by the arm, his fingers skimming across soft skin.
Sherlock went to her instinctively, then hesitated. She went on screaming as if she hadn't seen him at all.
John belatedly brought his own hand up, palming the back of Sherlock's neck, sliding chilled fingers beneath the wrapped scarf to rest against warm skin. Sherlock shuddered, took a step back, breathing hard. He did not let go of John's head.
She'd always had a bit of ice in her heart, he thought. It was one of the reasons why he liked her.
which had been better.
"This is Jim," she'd said, smiling in that hopeful way she had. "His team's been studying storms out in Texas. We've, um, been getting to know each other."
wasn't he recoiling? "And you didn't."
"Oh, right, I forgot. You're the smart one. Well. Use small words and short sentences. I'm sure I'll pick it up eventually."
She had questions, unspoken. He did not quite have the words to thank her for not voicing them.
He is at Baker Street on an unremarkable autumn afternoon when he receives a call from the surgery, asking if he'd mind coming in to cover an emergency shift. He leaves Rosie with Sherlock, who is intent on his experiments. She sits cross-legged on a kitchen chair, watching him with wide eyes.
"Right. Cake. That sounds—that would be nice, actually. Really nice. Yeah."
"Mm," Sherlock agreed, glancing up and flashing her a too-quick, too-bright smile. "Rather insulting, don't you think? Twice the fool. You
The curtains stirred gently.
"Right."
John shot him an incredulous look, and Sherlock's cheeks warmed.
"Mm," Sherlock said, distracted. He slid over on the couch to give John more room. The loss John's warm comfortable weight against his side was jarring.
There is a flurry of motion in his periphery and he turns, muscles tensed, ready to—well, he's not sure what, exactly, but he's not particularly keen on being eaten. However unlikely that may be.
Predictably, the man bolted. John caught him easily at the door, impressed—as ever—to see police coming down the stairs with near perfect timing.
John stopped talking. Blinked.
"What, exactly, are you trying to say?"
Sherlock says nothing. His fingers skim along the duvet, restless.
John had told her, his face serious and a little sad,
"I don't understand what that has to do with anything."
Sherlock and John share a first kiss.
He swallowed, looked away. He did not like to think about all of the things that John had lost. All of the things he still stood to lose, if Sherlock could not find him.
"You don't have other plans," Sherlock said. "It's nearly midnight. New Year's Eve. Even I understand the social implications of that." That last was spoken with an unhappy twist of his lips, a strangely self-deprecating expression on that arrogant face.
He straightened his jacket, went out into the hall.
"Kind of car you buy when you want to make a statement."
"Jesus," John said, because there were too many of them, this spoke to
He looks to his left, in the direction that Mary had gone. Stands for a long moment just watching the people as they hurry along the pavement.
"I don't think anyone, anywhere, could ever make the mistake of calling you old-fashioned."
Sherlock's face had filled the screen, slightly distorted.
He yanked on the door again, harder this time. Turned back around. Bumped up against Sherlock, who had somehow crowded even closer in the small space.
If she miraculously turned up one day, wearing a disguise and a cheeky grin, he'd be—
"I mean—" John paused, let out a miserable little laugh. "It won't help you right now. But. When we get out of here, you could always—I mean. I'm sure he'd be thrilled to hear from you. Right now he's probably thinking about how he missed his chance, and—"
married tomorrow. Er—it
The man turned around, revealing his unfamiliar face, and Rosie recoiled, shrinking back against John's chest.
"Good?"
"Of course," Mycroft said with a thin smile. "As you said, I have a file."
The day stretched ahead of him, certain to be uncomfortable, awkward, grueling. There was no avoiding it, no shying away from the necessary conversation. No ignoring the truth of those dark marks on Sherlock's arm, the cold water shock of his realization.
Sherlock made a muffled noise. It sounded, suspiciously, like a laugh.
"I can't imagine he came to that conclusion on his own." Mycroft fixed him with a probing, questioning stare.
John found no solace in confession. It was all too much, a messy jumble of painful thoughts. Sherlock had hurt John. John had hurt Sherlock. John had married Mary. Mary had been a liar. Mary had hurt Sherlock. Sherlock had forgiven Mary. John had tried to do the same. But he'd seen an opportunity to hurt Mary back, and he'd taken it. He'd taken it without a second thought.
"I assumed you found it agreeable," Sherlock said. "Considering you opted to stay."
Sherlock's legs wobbled. He sat down again, hard. Breathed out. Looked at his own face, frozen there on the screen. He looked young. Earnest. Nervous.
"You said we agree. That we're in agreement. We aren't."
"It's good to have your priorities in order," John said.
He took another deep breath, lifted his head up. Looked at the mess that had been made of his bedsit, his meagre belongings spilled carelessly across the floor.
Pete smiled without much humour. "It's a neat little story, isn't it? Invalided soldier misses the excitement of combat. Takes up crime fighting as a side hobby. Gets himself an illegal handgun to ease his way."
"Definitely not," John said. He looked again from Mary to Smallwood. The phone had gone silent and still in his pocket.
That first Christmas, he'd thought
When he was relaxed and happy, John often hummed while he washed dishes. He was quiet this morning. His movements had a short, mechanical quality to them. Plates clattered against the countertop, set down sharply. Not slammed. Not angry, then. Distracted. Mind elsewhere.
Mycroft ignored him. "You told me it was all your fault. That Redbeard was dead and you were to blame."
Sherlock looked—
"Storm shelter scams? That's
Sherlock makes a soft noise. It sounds suspiciously like a laugh, quickly stifled.
John stared at him for a moment, his eyes gleaming in the darkness. Then he groaned, rolled over, switched on the lamp. Reached for his jeans.
"Get in the backseat," Sherlock said. His face was flushed and wind-chilled, and he was breathing hard. Water beaded up at the tip of his nose and he sniffed, swiping at it. When he spoke again, his voice was sharp and impatient. "And take off those clothes. I already told you that."
Sherlock had not even known that was her name.
Alan shuts his mouth. He looks helplessly towards his friend. "Todd," he says.
"Oh, there's no need to leave! It's my lucky night," Pete said. "It's actually
come get you."
He stood, shut his office door. Locked it. Hurried back to his desk.
Sherlock turned to look at him, narrowed his eyes. John offered up a shrug and a small smirking twist of his lips.
people into cooperating. And that's not going to work. Not this time."
"She's a child."
"Not right now, sweetheart," John murmured against the side of her head, shifting her on his hip.
He stared at the back of the door for a long time. His office had gone quiet.
"He's very attractive."
He laughed, a sharp, unhappy sound. "Yeah. It—sorry. Sorry. Just someone's idea of a practical joke."
Sherlock hums in agreement, begins to rustle around in the bag.
Rosie has gone red in the face, screaming in her chair. She flails her chubby fists, kicks her legs.
He looks to her, hoping for an ally, because she'd been supportive of the whole bloody thing right from the start, but her face is concerned and closed off and unhappy.
"Sorry to just drop in," John said. Perhaps he ought to start calling ahead, now that Janine was—now that Sherlock no longer lived alone.
Sherlock scoffed, looked away.
He sank against the cool damp brick, shut his eyes. Held the phone to his ear. One ring. Two. Three. He was no longer laughing.
"Right," John said. "James Bond, yeah?"
"People say all sorts of things," she said.
"You're MI6 too, then?" That made sense, in a way, he supposed.
She went on smiling. There were questions in her eyes.
He paused, raised his brows.
he typed, and then let a breath of air hiss out through his teeth. He did not press send.
Since the corpse would offer nothing of interest until Molly got to the stomach, he focused his attention on her instead.
John cleared his throat. "Well. Erm. If you're ever back in London—"
He stared at her for a long moment. His vision was blurry around the edges.
"It's nothing, just—"
"John—" Sally frowns at him.
He thought about Sherlock and Janine, ensconced in the warm cosy comfort of 221B. It had been his home, once. But there was no place for him here. Not now, not anymore. He shouldn't—
He looked at her hand again. The stone gleamed prettily. Except he'd—he'd seen that ring before. He'd—
It was fine.
Sherlock climbed out first, stood in waist-high grass, dead tendrils tugging at his trouser legs. He stared.
He was magnetic, like that. His eyes vivid and alive with curiosity, narrowed with single-minded focus.
"Truly heartless," she agreed. "But then again, I had heard doctors could occasionally be tyrants."
He startled, returned his attention to the clerk behind the desk. "Sorry?"
Sherlock and Janine were giggling, hunched against the rain as Sherlock unlocked the door and ushered them inside the flat.
Sherlock held still, watched, waited.
Alice, he thought, would be the type of person who hoarded superficial contacts but made no effort to cultivate long-term relationships, at least at first. He elected not to respond to Christine's message.
"Why are you here?" Sherlock asks, finally.
Mycroft opened his mouth. Whatever he’d intended to say died on his lips as he took in Sherlock’s countenance, and he shut his mouth again, stepped aside.
"So this is—" John stopped, made a point of looking around. He nodded. "Your place, yeah? It's—" his gaze caught on the chair by the fire. One chair. Sherlock's chair. His voice trailed off.
"Turn around and go back the way you came," Sherlock says.
He does not ask how it went. Asking would imply that he cares. Which he quite obviously does not.
John stepped through the doorway, moving slowly, hands held out in front of him. He glanced at Sherlock. "You all right?"
"Must've told that story to somebody else."
"Right," John said, and looked down at the ground. He breathed through his nose for a moment, then lifted his head, met Sherlock's gaze. There was something strange in Sherlock's expression, something fleeting and uncomfortable. "So you're telling me that the video showed exactly what the police report said it did."
Him."
"Lestrade rang about an hour ago with updates."
"And why wouldn't you believe that? It's obvious, now, looking back. Sharing a room with your daughter is not an acceptable long-term solution. Of course our living situation, as it stands, would have an expiration date."
"I—" John said.
John.
Sarah had said.
"Whatever brought you here, it must be good," Sherlock said finally, mockery creeping into his voice. "Wars aren't won or lost in West Sussex."
He'd let it slide. For too long.
London thought he was dead, John thought he was dead, but every criminal who had ever peripherally been involved with James Moriarty seemed to know he was alive. They haunted him, hunted him, pursued him.
"With what happened while he was—you really haven't spoken to him at all?"
He scowls, draws himself up to his full height. Narrows his eyes at Lestrade.
"You have to get across the field—"
Mrs Hudson came into the room with two cups of tea. She handed him one and sat down in John's chair without any hesitation.
"Why?"
"Fine," John conceded. "But whatever happens, we'll deal with it. It—" he hesitated, his breath a little shaky. "It is what it is."
Moriarty's face twitched.
John hesitated, still holding his coat. "It's never boring," he said.
"Really," he said. "And why would you do that?"
she'd said.
There had been a bit of a scuffle, after that. She'd been utterly delighted.
"They're soaking wet from the knee down," John said.
work fast."
"Why?"
longest night. Sherlock could not help but wonder which night held the top honour. Mary's death? His own? The night they'd sat up, side by side, not speaking, the scent of chlorine on their clothes and Moriarty's parting words hanging between them?
He set his own case down. Cleared his throat.
John flinched away from that gaze, unable to look very long at that angry red sclera.
ago, on a cold December night, standing in the same place he stood now.
"Sherlock," Mrs Hudson said, coming through the doorway. "I've just passed Janine on her way out—she seemed so upset. And after last night's excitement! Is everything—"
He's passed it by more times than she can count.
"John?"
"All this," she said, gesturing to the room, the bare shelves, the empty space in front of the fireplace. "Change, I guess."
he thinks, and the small flare of anger surprises him. He wants to shout at her, wants to demand an explanation for why she's here now, two months after Sherlock's death, stirring up old hurts and, for what? To hand off a piece of rubbish in a cardboard box?
Over John's shoulder, across the room, Molly looks away, clearly attempting to spare him some dignity.
He was missing something. He was certain of it.
"My way's faster."
"Yeah," she said, her voice quiet. "I'm—look, I'm sorry that I never—that I never asked. I just—"
"Sherlock," John said. His voice was low. Respiration elevated. Nervous. The fabric of his coat rustled as he reached out a hand, placed it on Sherlock's shoulder. The warm weight of it was comforting and frightening all at once.
"Nothing out of the ordinary about an open window on a nice day."
Their friendship had died on the floor of the London Aquarium. Sherlock had been the only one foolish enough to hope it could be revived.
"Maybe," John cut in. He shrugged.
HELLO JOHN
"I'll sort it," John said. "Don't worry. Just—just focus on holding on, all right? They're coming for you."
"Then why—" he asked through clenched teeth, "—do they feel the need to have so many of them in an enclosed space?"
And Sherlock had smiled back, and had returned his attention to his microscope, and that had been that. He'd not attempted any delays, any distractions.
"Just forget I said anything," John muttered. He looked away, did not meet Sherlock's eye.
John rubbed his hand over his mouth, sighed. That was practically an invitation to dig for more information on what kind of man St Clair had been, who in his life might have wished him harm.
He could now devote his mind to solving another problem entirely.
John glanced at the closed door to Mrs Hudson's flat, then back at the stairs. Thought about fetching Rosie and taking her out into the frigid downpour, of packing shoulder-to-shoulder in the Tube with hundreds of other damp and miserable people. Of his quiet, empty little house. The evening stretched before him: Dinner for Rosie, a bit of playtime, putting her down to sleep. Spending the next several hours alone, awake, staring at the telly. Wondering what Sherlock and Janine were getting up to in his absence.
"Of course you're angry."
They walk on. A breeze kicks up, surprisingly cool. Dark clouds have blotted out the sun.
"Why now?" he demanded. "It's been almost a year. Why are you here again now?"
Sally starts up her battered Jeep, leans on the horn. Behind her, Billy revs the engine of his little Toyota.
"Right," John said. He laughed, a hard sound. "So it was—what? Karma? Moriarty's revenge from beyond the grave?"
he'd said on the phone, his tone flippant, dismissive. Overly so.
"There are some details I'll need to go over with Mycroft," Sherlock said, straightening his shoulders. "He'll be expecting me."
"No, he's not," John spits back. "That's the problem."
He looked again at Sherlock's hands, at the blood smeared on his knuckles.
Sherlock had leaned down, pressed his forehead against the top of John's head. Shut his eyes. Held on.
His mother's voice, rueful:
he typed, and then sent the email without allowing himself to hesitate. Shut his laptop. Stared at the wall. After a moment, he stood.
"I was hoping you'd find us here," Sherlock says. His voice is soft.
She gives him a strange look. "Er, yes."
"Won't change anything," John said. "But it might make you feel better. So."
The dance studio was around the corner from the last bakery they'd visited. It was a small, neatly-kept space. The floor was a warm blonde wood, the lights dimmed and inviting. John watched Sherlock scan the room, wondered what conclusions he drew.
Rosie had screamed and screamed and screamed and his pacing and rocking and soothing had grown more desperate, more erratic. Sweat had run down the back of his neck, cooling uncomfortably under the collar of his shirt.
He watched her go. She would not be back.
"Don't move," he said. He switched on the lamp.
Sherlock twisted around him, disappeared through the door without another word.
"No," John said. He smiled tightly, aware that Sherlock could not see his expression. "I mean—not—I know
Sherlock did not respond, just went on rustling down out of sight.
Sherlock's fingers tightened.
"Shh," Sherlock says, flicking a dismissive hand. His brow is furrowed in concentration.
"Christ," John said, and he shut his eyes. "Is this the part where you tell me that—that
John put his head in his hands, the pleasant fantasy he'd indulged dissipating like smoke. There would be no week in bed with Sherlock, giddily exploring one another like teenagers in love, taking breaks only to fetch takeaway and—well, it was Sherlock, so he was sure that solving crimes would factor in at some point, but—
and pressed the EXECUTE button. He thinks about the crush of media coverage the very next day, as Scotland Yard announced the results of their investigation. Moriarty, implicated. Sherlock, vindicated. It had all seemed very neat, very tidy. Very unlikely.
He dithered after stepping off the train, the hot panicked urgency that had propelled him in the first place receding, replaced by a sick seeping dread.
"No. Christ. No." He stepped up close, grasped at Sherlock's upper arms with shaking hands. "You—um. You
"You had the timing all planned," John said, after a pause. He cleared his throat. "You knew exactly when we'd walk by."
He dressed without looking at himself in the mirror. Did not turn on his laptop, did not look at his email.
He wondered why that was. When Sherlock had—died—it seemed like every person John had ever encountered in his life had an opinion on the man that they were suddenly determined to share with him.
There is a wooden footbridge spanning the irrigation ditch just ahead, barely visible through the driving rain. It is sagging, low. The truck will not be able to pass under it.
John lifts his head, smiles at him. It is a hesitant smile, but genuine.
"Psychosomatic?" Not sputtering.
"Just like that?" she says. She does not sound particularly convinced.
No, four is a pattern."
"Arthur—" John started.
The space had been outfitted as a break room. A small refrigerator hummed in the corner. Several mismatched chairs were arranged around a scuffed wooden table.
He revises it. John is struck in the upper arm. John throws himself forward to take cover. Holds himself still. Plays dead.
Something silvery glints in the morning sun. He reaches for it, then hesitates. It could be evidence. Instead of picking it up, he stoops low to examine it where it lies in the mud.
The words would not come. They didn't speak like this to each other. Sherlock should have made a joke. He could have responded in kind. He did not know what to say. He focused on Sherlock's hands instead, patted them dry, inspected the clean skin.
"I would prefer—" Sherlock began.
"I think I'll light a fire," Sherlock says.
The actual video that had been shot and given to John had been brief, to the point.
A long, worrying silence.
Mycroft's expression slipped a bit. "And Mary Watson. Was she worth—all of this?"
She stepped into the hallway. He was conscious of her every motion, read volumes in her silence as she turned her head to take in the state of his dreary little flat.
This ficlet has now been expanded into a larger story:
The city was lively with late afternoon traffic. The sky was mostly clear overhead, sun shining.
The tabletop was sticky with old beer and some sort of unpleasant gummy residue.  John scratched at it with one fingernail while he drained the remnants of his second pint.
He breathed in deep, then turned away, clapping his hands together as he surveyed the cluttered room.
The cocaine in his pants drawer called to him, but Mrs Hudson had taken the overnight shift and Mrs Hudson was
John lifted one hand and cupped Sherlock's cheek. His heart pounded. Sherlock shut his eyes, his lips soft and unmoving against John's own. His face was hot under John's palm.
Home to her?
And when his panic had receded, there had been curiosity. He'd clambered to his feet, limping a little, and had gone to investigate.
And it hadn’t been all that terrible, really. Once he’d gotten a glimpse of Sherlock, all red-faced and furious and contrary, small and vulnerable and indeed very much indeed of protection—it hadn’t been so terrible at all.
The silence had stretched too long and too thick. Mary cleared her throat, uncomfortable now, her flirtatious demeanor gone.
"I know,“ she said. She bit her lip. Her eyes had welled up again.
Bit pathetic, he supposed, but in the grand scheme of things it was not the worst holiday he'd ever had.
After, he collapsed against the side of a skip, breathing hard, his bloodstained cheek pressed against rusty metal.
Sherlock had leaned forward in his chair, was pinning John with a particularly sharp gaze. "I assume you've utilised Alice's dubious charms and made contact with the rest of them? Any leads?"
"I despise legwork, Sherlock. And since you insist on drawing parallels that do not necessarily exist, may I remind you that Rosamund's mother was never under my employ? She was a freelancer, a mercenary, someone our government—and others—contracted with to carry out specific tasks. She was tremendously talented, but for God's sake, any common buffoon can be trained up as an assassin. I've no need to conscript my niece for the task."
"No," he said. "Not like that."
Mycroft detested children as a general rule. Sherlock was not above employing Rosie to keep his brother off-guard when he needed to speak with him. And that day, that particular day, Sherlock had had a good deal he'd needed to say to his brother.
"Well, no," John said. It was all a bit surprising, he thought. He'd very badly wanted to punch the man a moment ago. Now he rather thought he'd prefer to sit next to him and ask him questions instead.
"Sherlock? Is this—" he paused, looked down. Sherlock followed his gaze to their hands, clasped together against the leather of the couch. He shifted his fingers, marveling at the feel of John's on top of his own.
"It's just—"
"And then she told me that if I fucked it up, if I hurt you, she'd make sure they never found my body."
"After everything that's happened," Sherlock echoed, daring a step forward, back into John's space. "Living in a place you don't like. Working at a job you don't enjoy. Your words, John."
"Just a moment."
"Excellent," he said. It was just as he'd hoped.
"Well," he said, when he realised that all eyes were still on him. "It's nice to. You know. Get out, once in a while."
They went down a quiet corridor and through a set of doors, and then she was rounding on him, all nervousness gone, her face still quite red but all traces of flustered good humour wiped away. She wrenched her hand out of his grip, took two hasty steps back.
An angsty little 221B written for the 2020
The processor hums. The smell of melting plastic rises in the air, sharper this time.
Sherlock shakes his head. This feels monumental, somehow. Important. Terrifying. "Talked—about what?"
John laughed, caught the lapels of Sherlock's coat, kissed him again.
Sherlock, the great idiot, actually managed to look bored. He raised his brows, favoured Pete with the kind of condescending look that John thought might well get him shot. "Oh?"
"Sometimes it helps. That's all. To know that someone's there."
"I don't know how you didn't know," John said. He shook his head, shut his eyes, smiled.
"Yes, well, consciousness too. For a time," Sherlock admitted. "It's not—I don't think I'm—"
Suddenly, John's steady breathing was not enough.
"That is why you brought me here, isn't it?" John asked.
As is always the case when it comes to Sherlock, his resolve fails him.
Rain began to patter against the windows.
"The man you now have in your custody has made a habit of murdering grooms on their wedding day," Sherlock said. He smoothed his hands down his suit jacket, managed to look at once offended and proud. "Naturally, I was to be the next victim."
"I'm not in the habit of utilising
Post-Reichenbach, Sherlock & Molly in the morgue.
"Mm," Sherlock said. And then he frowned. "Well. Actually, she just sort of took it."
"What?" he asked.
John had glanced at Janine over the door. She'd raised her eyebrows back at him, clearly a challenge, and so he'd found himself awkwardly climbing into the taxi after Sherlock, tucking himself into the uncomfortable middle seat and trying not to lean too heavily on him when Janine slipped in after.
It was a remarkably evocative image. Unsettling. She'd used bold colours and a heavy hand; the paint had dried in thick gobs and streaks on the canvas.
John held his gaze for a long moment. Worried at his lip with his teeth.
"Not yet," John said. He smiled tightly.
He needs to eat something.
"I know. But that's what children do, is it not?" Mycroft looked back at Sherlock. There was something strangely sad in his expression. "They grow up and leave you behind."
"Pardon me," said a soft, crisp voice to his left.
"Looks nice," John said. He swallowed, thought about Janine's hands on the knife, Sherlock's pale fingers covering hers as they sliced together into the cake.
"Your parents?"
"You like me," Sherlock added. The end of his sentence curled up slightly, not quite a question. He smiled, the expression hesitant, uncertain.
Outside, the wind howled.
John made a strange face. "He's what? Does he have a case?"
A child's drawing. Crayon, wielded by a clumsy but enthusiastic hand. Three people, holding hands. One quite tall, with waves of dark lines that he assumed must represent hair. A grey scribble for a coat. The second person was shorter. Blue legs—jeans, he supposed. The third between them, even shorter. Scribbly yellow lines for hair.
He hadn't been able to see past his (useless, distracting) emotions to solve the puzzle that was right in front of his face—
John laughed, looked away, wanting, suddenly, to catch someone's eye, to share a grin, to giggle together.
"You evaded the question."
Check out some of the other fantastic fics written as part of the workshop
Sherlock went willingly, if a bit mistrustfully. "Where are we going?"
There were stairs to his left, ascending to the upstairs flat. He ignored them for a moment, walked down a narrow hallway. There was a small wooden table and a chair against the wall. The entire place smelled musty, disused. He stopped at a closed door at the end of the hall. A little metal plate screwed into the wood identified it as
He threw back the duvet, sat up. His back was stiff, his muscles pleasantly sore.
He's been nervous since the first envelope he sent to Sherlock came back stamped RETURN TO SENDER. The second—and third—had simply disappeared into a void: unacknowledged, unreturned. The fourth he'd sent care of the laboratory, and he'd paid extra for delivery confirmation.
Molly was prompt.
He opened his eyes. Blinked. And then he laughed.
"She dropped her flowers. On the way to the altar. She was smiling and walking towards me and then—well. Like I said. Clumsy little mistake. Nerves, I thought. One of the guests handed the bouquet back up to her. She was flustered. Embarrassed."
Sherlock looked down at the ground. He was conscious, suddenly, of the warmth in the room, of the play of fading sunlight against the walls, of the fact that they should be on their way home, on their way back to London, leaving the tall grass and the rambling manor houses and the family secrets behind them.
"Of course I do. That doesn't mean I should just move in."
"So I'm told," John says. "His owners sold their farm. No one wanted to take him on."
"You've just got out of hospital," John deflected, looking him over. "Why aren't you wearing a coat?"
Mycroft says. And then:
John's hand is trembling, ever so slightly. Sherlock thinks that perhaps he has been wrong in his assessment, that perhaps he has not been as alone as he once thought. Perhaps they had been adrift together this whole time, treading water, never moving forward.
He opened his eyes again.
John's hand at the waistband of his pyjama pants, tentative fingertips sliding over sensitive skin.
"Sorry," Sherlock says, not particularly sorry at all. He leaps to his feet, lifts the top of the cooler. Smiles when Alan flinches. "I presume you came back tonight looking for this."
"Sherlock," he said.
He moved across the room slowly, stretching the sleep from stiff muscles. He filled the little kettle he kept on his desk, plugged it in.
"Terrible," he admitted.
"Would have been a shame to let the opportunity slip away," Sherlock says. The ghost of a smile flickers at the edge of his mouth.
"Sorry," John said, inexplicably pulling away further. "Probably should have—talked. First."
He could hear Mary breathing. She was close enough that he could smell her perfume. It was pleasant. He did not know what it was called.
Sherlock does not want to make his goodbyes. He has spent far too much time on goodbyes, in balance.
"Our suspect has a rather extensive personal library," Sherlock said, tearing his gaze away to look at the shelves that stretched floor to ceiling along the wall. He scanned the rows of books, eyes flitting across faded, dusty spines. "Including several volumes on rare poisons."
Another heavy sigh. "I'll confirm it when we talk to her."
"Very good," Sherlock said, his voice dry. "You
John's hand was in his hair, brushing it back from his face. Sherlock blinked, tried to focus on his face. John was speaking. His lips were moving. His brow was tight with concern.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. Breathed out hard through his nose.
"John," Sherlock says.
John spoke to the gravestone, rested his hand on top of it for a moment. The gesture wrenched something in Sherlock, unexpected.
"She's not even two years old," John said. He felt sick. He tugged at his restraints, hard plastic biting into the flesh of his wrists. He could not lift his hands from the armrests. The world shimmered in and out of focus.
"I don't think I explained myself properly, before," John says, after a long moment.
"There's a scab, just here," Sherlock says. "A small cut. Made by a fine blade."
This one, at first glance, was not boring.
Sherlock took another step.
"I see," Sherlock said.
"A disguise," John said. "And one I should have—I was so ready to—I couldn't even
Even if he—
She grumbles a bit, but she has long since finished her homework and slumped, heavy-eyed, in front of the telly.
you want a salad because you've stopped cycling to work and you're worried—correctly—about putting on weight, but—"
take care, won't you? A second funeral would be terribly inconvenient to arrange."
"I've no idea what you're talking about."
"Oh for—" John took another deep breath. "Look, I just have to know. Before I—before I do anything else. Do you think—did you ever think—that something might—that
He still had three hours until he was due to pick Rosie up.
"John," Sherlock shakes his head, frustrated, because he has no idea what John is saying but he thinks, no he
