“Here.” He slaps Steve’s ass, and offers it to Andrew. “Try some of this. He’s still tight. The small ones are like that, always tight even if you’d fuck them daily, they always fit right on your cock.”
Steve, for the life of him, though he desperately tries to keep a straight face, barks out a laugh as he hugs Tony’s side. “Tony, I gotta tell you something, it’s gonna blow your mind.”
“You wanna get adopted?” George asks him one day. They’re kinda friends now, George lets him borrow his toy wooden car so he thinks they are.
Sister Catherine is a nice beta who gives him a hug when the men drop him off at the orphanage. She smiles and asks him his name, to which he replies shyly with 'Steven’.
Tony gives him a considering look, and for a while there’s just silence between them where Steve wonders if he suggested the wrong thing. And then Tony growls, but places a hand on Steve back in defeat.
"Maybe. Yeah? No. No, it wasn't that. Not exactly. It was. The time I spent my Heat with you gave me a lot to think about. What I wanted to do. Why I was still here. Things I wanted to change, starting with myself." Steve sighs. He'd lost track, he could admit that. "I looked at myself and thought. Why would Tony want me? When he could have any other Omega, why would he want me?"
, but how the fuck do they know that? It’s like magic shit, what if it’s undetectable?” This time the other Omega is shaking. “Nat is.” Clint paused, searching for the words that could approximate the Black Widow. “It hits too close to home. I don’t wanna drag her into this. Besides. She’s cleared for duty and I’m… Not.”  He clenches his fists, but stares Steve straight in the eyes. “I’m not safe. I can’t be with normal people.”
“B-But, why? Ma, p-please. I’ll be g-good, I p-p-promise. Please d-d-don’t let them t-t-t-take m-me away.” He stammers, fighting back the hiccups and tears that stream down his face, clutching at his Ma’s dress as insistent hands grip his shoulders, trying to pull him away.
It’s small mercies when Tony finally decides to fuck his prostate, talented fingers rubbing and prodding the sensitive spot while Steve moans his pleasure.
Tony smirks. “Well, of course it is. I built it.” There’s that proud undertone. “And this is just Mark 4, wait until I’ve finished Mark 6.”
There’s a longing look in Stevos’s eyes, one that makes Tony’s insides ache, a pain that has nothing to do with the arc reactor. “Was that what you did? An ultimate sacrifice?”
He’s always guilty right afterwards, even though Steve tells him that he doesn’t mind it, that he’s here to help him. Steve isn’t even really sure if Clint believes him, but he’d stopped apologizing, and has instead developed a sad look that is no better.
Also, Thor Ragnarok, woooo. Haven't seen it but it's coming out in my country on Wednesday, so I'll catch it by then. Hope you guys get to see it because apparently it's been getting good ratings.
“I keep it there to remind me. Of why I’m still here. And why I became the Ironman.” Like a man admitting his sins, like a man saying his prayers. “A good man died because of me.”
“Thank you, Captain Rogers.” JARVIS says after a ping, light and non-threatening amidst the sketching. He hums in response, changing his strokes from light to heavy as he so needs, short and long pulls of lead along the paper.
Who, by the looks of it, ignores all warnings. Only seems to move even closer. “C’mon, Sugar. You’re not
The god twists and moans, the hard jut of his cock pressing right at Tony’s navel, leaking pre-cum and the swollen head peaking from the foreskin. Tony is intimately knowledgeable of Stevos’s cock, a certain thick vein running on its side, that if he were to trace it it would drive Stevos mad with lust, bring him to orgasm faster than anything else.
Steve fidgets in his seat but nods. He had vaguely wondered how this century handled the secondary sex, but no one had seemed to pay him much mind. He had caught a few Alphas staring at him from time to time, but then Betas and other Omegas did that too. He didn’t think it was so much him being an Omega than it was him being Captain America.
Alpha, and Obie puts his hand on Tony’s shoulder again. “What your father is trying to say is, we’ll keep trying until you find yourself a perfect match.” He pats his back affectionately, but it only serves to irritate Tony. “One you’ll like. After all, their life will be tied to yours, until the day they die. You could always sell it to someone else, but you can never
He doesn’t want to cry, but wanting has nothing to do with it. The utter sadness he feels for losing his first Alpha hits him at full force, the knowledge that he’ll never see Abraham again, never seen him dawdle through papers upon papers, walk through the woods, cheerfully chide his students, or even catch him moody and unapproachable during one of his talks on the phone. Those moments are gone and behind him, mere memories of a dead man that Steve will have to keep to himself.
“Language, Rogers. Or your Mama’ll have you eat a bar of soap.” Bucky manages to sound composed. More practice, Steve would have to guess, but he can spot the flush on Bucky’s skin.
Somewhere, in the heat-addled memories, he recalls Tony giving him a bath. Half-dragged into the tub in the first place, he might not have been the most cooperative until the hot water touched his skin. They’d lazed in the water until they pruned, Tony scrubbing him clean with attentive fingers. There was care there, a quiet that Steve hadn’t known was important until he was soaked in it, where the desperation of heat dialled down but his mind was still too far gone to truly comprehend much other than the present.
But sometimes he thinks that Tony is right. They aren’t soldiers, not after what they’d gone through. This isn’t a mission, this is a man’s soul shaken to the core because an alien god had found it suitable to play with his mind.
That was… Well, it didn’t leave much in the options of what Steve knew to cook. “What kind of beef do we have in the kitchen?”
Steve can't help but lean into the touch, relaxing onto his palm. His mind is buzzing with thoughts. Mostly shock about Tony's declaration. But the hand quietens those to a soft murmur, Tony's words piercing through the noise.
“Sort of.” Tony shrugs, shifting his attention to Dummy now that his work is finished. “See, the satisfying this about rubberducks is that they’re quite tough. They can take a beating, or, the frustrations of a recluse coder who has to take his frustrations out on
The old fashioned way proves to be effective. The guns he finds are eerily familiar, not replicas, if his memory stands correct.
No sooner after Steve has poured out a cup, Tony comes stumbling, beady-eyed, seemingly drawn in by the scent of the brew.
] Steve wrestles down the impulse to put his name on the end, and to keep his 'texts’ short and concise. It’s nothing like writing an actual letter after all.
“Board meeting, I need to present my new arc reactor specs, and if it’s approved, I can start manufacturing it for mass production.”
Tony chuckles, now trailing his fingers to the cartilages of Steve’s spine, following the path lower. “Funny how that led to the greatest revolution for Pro-Omega rights.”
Bothering him? God. A truckload of things that can’t seem to be put to words, no matter how hard he tried. It was easier to say things that he meant. Simple things that were suppose to be ideals that he stuck to, it was why everyone would give him chuff about his speeches back in the Howlies. Because at the end of the day, they knew that whatever came out of his mouth came from the heart, no backwards agenda or hidden motive, even if it was the corniest bullshit they ever heard.
“Afraid this one isn’t for sharing, sorry.” Tony answers easily, looping an arm around Steve’s hip, pulling him in just a fraction closer. A gesture all too possessive, but was a clear a sign as any. Playing the part, Steve rests his own arm around Tony’s middle, lax on his waist, smiling apologetically at Cara.
. Wanna see you. Wanna touch you.” Desperation so heavily laced in Steve’s voice that Tony rushes to comply, his shirt tossed somewhere across the room.
He’d punished himself then thinking he’d deserve the treatment, allowed the makeshift Alpha to call him a slut, a whore, a little breeder for taking a knot so well, the terrible grind of arousal enough to churn an orgasm out of him.
Steve takes one of the pillows with him and slides right next to Clint. The bed really isn’t made for two, he can feel the hard muscle of Clint’s arm just right beside his, and it must be a ridiculous sight as the pair of them shift around, trying to find the most comfortable they can get and stick to it.
The Alpha keens, entire body shuddering as he presses in one last time, dick pulsing and splashing cum inside Steve, his knot ensuring that that semen would stay inside the Omega’s body. Even so, the Alpha continues to thrust, pressing in deep and hard until Steve feels another gush of liquid inside him, the knot is bigger than before, stretching him out as the final aftershocks take hold.
to Alphas, meant to get fucked and pump out baby after baby for their entire lives like livestock on a farm.”
Steve stares at the door knob for a good while, listening as the sound of footsteps on wooden floors fade away.
Clint laugh. “Aww, shit, nah Steve. Not like that. I’m happily married.” He shrugs impressive shoulders. “I know better than to snatch a High’s prize. And I wouldn’t do that to a friend.”
Steve all but collapses where he lays, like he’d run for days, non-stop. Tingles of afterglow as Tony continues to touch, in languid fascination. He follows the contours of Steve’s body, like mapping him out piece by piece, strong fingers that feel sure and solid. Steve doesn’t miss the fact that Tony is also smearing their come together, a heated mess over his chest and neck, his face is already very sticky. “I need another shower.”
A nasty grin on his face, James shoves him particularly hard, enough to make him stumble. “Yer mama ain’t here to help you, baby Rogers.” He sneers, looming over Steve as he corals him to a corner.
Steve wrinkles his nose in reprimand, wrenching himself from Tony’s grasp. The lack of skin is almost maddening, but the need that building in his body was even more so. Tony seemed to have some misconceptions about how this would proceed, perhaps a nudge in the right direction…
“Andrew picked it out for you.” Frank starts when Steve says nothing. “He was supposed to give it t'you after the Heat.”
The silence stretches on, and Tony would be damned if he were to break it first. He wonders in the back of his mind if Stevos regrets making him his Patron.
“What does a married pair smell like?” It’s probably a distraction, one that Steve goes on with willingly.
He doesn’t expect to recognize anything, which makes him mentally prepared to not show his surprise. Tony breezes past explainations, pointing out the kitchen and living room (There was a huge picture box!) without much preamble. The place whispers of money and influence, even Steve can see that.
Vaguely, he’s reminded of when his dad used to do these Expos himself. Back when it was a huge event, and the Stark family had to be present as a unified front, or at least until the pictures were taken and Howard needed to talk to other people more important than his family.
Steve twists to look at an awakening Tony. Hair sticking all over the place, he looks like a disgruntled hedgehog huddled under the blanket.
He spits on his own hand, gives himself a hungry stroke, cock jumping in his hand, and shoves himself right into Stevos. He pushes and pushes, the head of his cock popping into Stevos’s hot heat and he fucks into him is short sharp thrusts until he’s all the way to his base.
Stevos is huge, he can barely stretch his mouth enough to take in his girth, but with Stevos’s enthusiatic sounds he makes a damn good effort.
He can feel his ass give away, pried open by his own fingers, dripping with slick. A fourth finger is added but it still isn’t enough, the hunger in his body barely quenched as he stuffs himself with his fingers over and over again. His body won’t be so easily tricked, the lack of an Alpha has his mind even more desperate.
“I’d be happy to take suggestions.” An innocent smile on his lips while he strokes Tony’s dick in slow measure, enjoys the flex and jump of it that thrills his senses. He’s not quite sure, but it’s like Tony’s scent gone darker. Like stone left for days in the rain, earth at a constant grind on the surface, metal heated in a forge, a freedom he can feel as surely as he can taste on his lips.
“And that dream about your own place? Is that the one you’re chasing after?” Tony prods. It’s almost weird that he still remembers, but Steve doesn’t let it deter him.
top of the line phone for devs and techs. They say Tony Stark personally oversaw all the parts and codes for the OS before it was approved, and!!! Oh god. I’m geeking out. Sorry. Tech is like, my passion.” Michael turns an impressive shade of pink, returning the phone to Steve as he keeps his hands to himself.
He cooks breakfast right after, taking liberty of the refrigerator and it’s contents. He has to cook enough for himself, which is an embarrassing amount already. Sometimes, if he’s lucky, Tony joins him before he leaves for work. They would make some small talk, Steve knows he can’t pry about Stark Industries so he never bothers, but they find other things to talk about. Mostly it’s about what Steve reads up on, and he asks Tony about it for clarification.
There’s a flare of pride when he hears Tony’s growl, low and delicious, at his rebellious actions, a smirk as he works the muscles in his body to a new position. Steve lifts his ass,  presses his cheek to a pillow as he watches Tony from the corner of his eye.
Steve could imagine a smaller, ruffled tony, screaming at a rubberducky and tossing it out a window, and can’t help but smile.
Omega, because Omegas were seen as these fragile things who wouldn’t be able to keep up if the work got too tiresome.
There’s the rustle of seats as some Alphas move to get up, auction concluded before the curator makes a hurried wave at the crowd. “Excuse me, Ladies and Gentlemen, if you would all kindly remain seated. Our gracious host has a last surprise for everyone.”
It was all very rooted in tradition, but Tony didn’t have much interest in it. He was a forward thinker, orientation has never given him advantage in the field of science and machines. Sure, he was still a college student, but he’s passed two patents already for his work in Artificial Intelligence, pending a third in assistive robot technology, but he liked to think that instinct and hindbrain thought were behind him.
He doesn’t want to talk about this, not now, not when Tony is such a delicious presence that he needs to physically stop himself from humping Tony’s leg. “When I joined up with the Army, I didn’t think about Heat leaves. Especially when I was applying as a Beta. They weren’t going to let an Omega into the Army, they were very clear about that. ”
Steve’s first few days were always the worst, where his body demanded more and more sex. Tony’d barely been away from his side for the past couple of days, indulging the Omega’s need, and getting him rehydrated when there was time to spare.
“Oh, William, how's your new manufacturing plant in China? Planning to boost your points by fourth quarter, huh?”
Steve doesn’t answer at first, just enjoys the presence that is Tony, who smells like earth, fresh air, metal and
Tony rubs an arm over his bicep. “Wherever it is you go when you start to think about bad things.” He dismisses it before Steve can ask further. “Whatever. Was it that thing with Hammer again? Because say the word and I can have my lawyers put his ass back in jail where it belongs.”
“Off the field, it’s Clint, okay? Feels like I’m suppose to be looking for targets whenever you call me by my codename. And anyway, I’m not the best guy to explain Alpha-Omega etiquette to you anyway. You’re better off
He decidedly suffers in silence, stubbornly clenches his jaws shut even as a moan threatens to fight it’s way through his lips. He wrangles off his clothes, winces when his cock juts forth at the removal of his underwear, painfully hard.
Eventually they do, with Clint just slightly lower than Steve so that the blanket can cover the both of them, his head place precariously on his chest, and their arms on top of each other in a half-hug, while their knees bump against one another.
Tony doesn’t follow him back to his room, Steve hadn’t thought he would. This was still a contract arrangement, even if emotions did run high during heat, there was a very obvious line when it came to heat-induced sex. Steve still believed that Tony genuinely cared for him, but he wasn’t going to hold anything Tony’s had said or done during the heat over his head. Not to mention Tony had already done so much for him.
Tony’s not sure how long he stands there, staring at the tiny god. It could be five minutes, it could be fifty, but it’s long enough that Stevos squirms awake, nudges the blankets out of the way with spindly limbs. The little god blinks awake and offers a smile. Only to be alert and worried the next at the sight of Tony’s expression.
Steve awakes to an empty bed and warm sheets, still smelling of Tony but he doubts anything less than burning the sheets would get rid of their scents now, and he finds some animalistic pleasure in that, marking this place as his. He can feel his Heat deep in belly, gathering for another wave but not quite there yet, simmering just below the surface.
“Now.” Tony pauses, abruptly stops walking to face the Beta, who nearly bumps right into him. “What was your name again?”
Stevos scoffs and turns around, annoyance in his steps. “He can’t see me. Act normal.” Stevos grunts.
Stevos’s body is hard, but Tony knows that intimately. A strong curve of biceps and triceps, beautiful wrists and huge palms. It’s dips and grooves of muscle, perfectly taut and defined, pectorals that curve spectacularly, an eight-pack that would make any bodybuilder weep with envy, a trim waist that forms an exaggerated V perfectly points to his hard cock. Legs that go one for miles, thighs as thick as tree trunks and slender ankles to perfect toes.
“I’m getting real tired of that.” Tony huffs, annoyed. It was almost like his illness was an afterthought to the god, he didn’t even look worried.
“C’mon, we can drink on the balcony.” Tony says with preamble, taking both their cups with him and towards the balcony that overlooked the ocean, atop the cliffside where the mansion precariously hung from. Glass outlined with metal railings to prevent them from failing.
He’s still typing out a draft on his phone when the Beta comes rushing on, huge smiles on his face. “Mr. Stark. You’ll be happy to know that I’ve prepared your Omega for you.”
“I know it’s a sensitive situation, a familiar face would have helped.” He can smells the concern from the Beta, Steve too downcast to look him properly in the eyes.
Andrew isn’t any bigger than Ed, but he fucks Steve will newfoud energy, thrusting enthusiastically into him, the wet slap of skin on skin suddenly sounding more erotic. “Oh God… Shit. This is better than his mouth. Wetter too.”
Stevos deserves it more than him, Tony thinks fiercely. This being had saved him from his hell hole, gave him the opportunity to save himself from the pit he has dug himself, and yet asks for so little in return.
. Occupation, S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent.’ He reads, finally putting a name to the face. He’d seen him around the base a few times, though the man had never really talked to him. In the picture, he looked younger (or was it the lack of facial hair?), a little less haggard.
There’s not much chance to think on in too much, not when Tony is back in the room, covering his body with his, as if to make up for lost time. He finds himself happy to think that way.
Steve has most of his mind now, the fog lifted along with the Heat, but things still feel slower than normal. He’s alert, but lazy, covered in silk sheets that smell like him and Tony in their little nest. So unlike from earlier when he’d been desperate and nearly animalistic, uncaring of his surroundings unless it had something to do with his Alpha.
“I won’t be cleaning up any of your messes where this one is concerned. Are we clear?” Howard says, a little more sternly, but Tony could swear there was a twinkle of
Ed hums, pushes the head of his cock to Steve’s lips and just runs the tip over his teeth, making him taste his own slick on his cock. “Careful now. They’re fragile. You fuck too hard and he might break apart. Slow down, Andrew. Pace yourself. You want to outlast him. He can come many more times than you can.”
Omegas of different sizes and shapes, strewn behind glass panes. None of them look like they’re past the age of fourteen. Almost doll-like in the way they stare at the visitors, unflinching at the attention. Like works of art, they’re completely naked, breasts, asses and cocks in open display. This auction boasts twenty unique Omegas, each from a different part of the world, or so the curator announces.
His heart has either decided to beat out of his chest, or has become catatonic. There’s a ringing in his ears that might just after effects of all the explosions or it might be the pitch of Stevos’s voice that renders him deaf to anything else. “I-”
“We’re fucking idiots. I wasn’t sure.” Tony shakes his head, runs a hand down the curve of Steve’s neck that makes him shudder. “Me and Pepper. It never really worked out. I couldn’t. Well. I’m an actual asshole, it’s that simple.” Tony frowns, his gaze softens, and falls to Steve neck where he thumbs the skin there.
A car is already there to pick them up (S.H.I.E.L.D. or Tony’s doing?) and they’re on the road again with no delay.
Bucky and Frank had already gone off to basic training when his heat settled in, so he had to take his chances with a stranger. Wasn’t the first time and the little bit of money he got after was some consolation at least.
“You’ll do. You start tomorrow, come in everyday. 8am sharp before we open. You’ll help Ernie over at the counter. He can’t write worth a damn but he’s good at remembering and numbers. It’s your job to keep track of that. Help him around, every time there’s no one around I expect you to keep track of inventory.”
Tony has the power to be both charming and annoying. It’s easy for Steve to trust him, because he treats him pointed frankness that beats even Clint’s. The cold-hearted weapon maker that the internet so warns him against just isn’t there, instead he sees the very human figure that Tony is. He can almost forget that Tony’s an Alpha, were it not for himself The one who laughs at Steve when he eyes go wide at every new thing he’s handed. That’s one more thing, Tony likes handing him thing, anything he wants Steve to try.
“I was, uhm, just. Playing with that idea. It’d be swell if I could have a home to myself back in Brooklyn, get to see my old neighborhood again. It’s a pipe dream though, dunno how I could possibly own a room to myself when I probably can’t even buy my own clothes.”
“You still doubt your worth?” Stevos says, genuinely surprised. “I have told you, time and time and again that you will change the world, Anthony. This.” Stevos runs a palm over the arc reactor, and it's always so strange that it doesn’t feel invasive, like Stevos is meant to touch it. “Will help guide you and your vision for the world.” Stevos smiles, looks just as proud as any, even while Tony must look so disgusting after crying his eyes out.
within the confines of Tony’s lab (servers?) or about as close to that. Even then, Steve wasn’t entirely sure what JARVIS was truly capable of, and Tony hadn’t seemed intent to explain. Almost like a secret, no one truly knew of JARVIS’s existence, save for a few, and even in passing. But Tony had also politely explained that JARVIS was no prisoner either, and free route through the internet and through Tony’s own data servers in Stark Industries. Tony described millions of processing power. Like a brain, Tony said, but faster at math and remembering information, he’d joked at the end but Steve knew it was true. So for JARVIS to pause as he did, Steve couldn’t help but think there was more to it.
“You can practice hiding it. Find out where it’s easiest to bring out, it’ll be good practice for when you need it on the field.”
“They’re papers. Y’know, like, I.D.s and stuff. Congratulations, you are officially alive and a U.S. citizen again.” Tony says, enthusiasm almost contained. “I tried to get them as close to the truth as I could get, or, okay maybe
Steve thinks about it, remembers the unfortunate men on the other side and how every thought out in the field had been to stay alive, no matter what it took.
Tony watches him leave, and it’s only moments before he’s tapping away at his phone. He had to say, talking like his dad sure had its perks, with just a few
Thing is. He knows he can’t have Tony Stark, no matter how much he might want him, he can’t. He sees him and Pepper on the news all the time, a 'Power Couple’ as one news article so proclaims. And they are, they’re gorgeous together, Steve would have to be both blind and deaf not to know it.
He still gets sick a lot, enough that the Sisters decide to let him have a room all to himself, in case that his sickness spreads to the others. George visits him in his room sometimes to play.
Sometimes, they don’t spend the day together, and Steve wanders on his own, while Clint does whatever it is Clint does by himself.
“No need to be afraid. Hey, what’s your name? You’ve had an owner, so you must have a name. Mine’s Tony.”
“Can I come back after? When your done here?” Frank persists, but he’s at least retreated to properly stand behind the counter instead of loom over Steve.
a tablet, Steve! It’s Starktech!”) and they resume a half-cuddling position as Tony continues to work.
“No!” It breaks from his mouth, right on the tip of his tongue when Stevos gives him a curious look, tumbling right out without much thought. “Turn back. That’s how you normally look, right?” He feels like he doesn’t have to ask, he just knows.
There’s no room for protest because Stevos is suddenly kissing him, and Tony won’t say no to that. He’s barely aware of the wet finger that circles his rim, gently probing until the muscle gives and a single hot finger pushes inside of him.
Steve’s leaving tomorrow anyway. And with a few upgrades to his phone and checking out the bike, Tony insists on giving the shield a once over before he leaves. Which Steve thinks is just a ploy, since Tony’s been asking for it since day one.
He knows what he looks like. Before the serum, he wouldn’t have minded an Alpha oggling like.Tony was doing, because his body was his body, and it was as simple as that. This body was his as well, just bigger, more like an Alpha’s, except for the slight swell in his hip that would hint of his secondary sex.
“You work.” Is the brief observation. He’s forgotten how bad Frank was with words. Just about as bad as him, probably.
He can’t bear to look at the reminder for long, he slaps Stevos to turn around, scratching his waist.
The third finger is pressing in with a slow burn, the rest of Stevos’s palm squeezing his ass whenever he’s knuckle deep.
Sometimes though, Stevos is just there, a quiet, solid presence amidst the suffering that has become Tony’s life.
“Go ahead.” Tony mutters, the words lost to the language barrier. He’s tired, so tired after so many months of living in fear of his oppressors. He’s done with that now, ready to face death head on.
“Would you like some pancakes to go with that? You haven’t had lunch yet, so I figure you must be hungry. I thought you’d find the irony in breakfast for dinner.”
“Okay, Steven. Would you mind if I called you Steve?” Tony asks precariously, the scent goes strong and alive, pulls on his instincts, but Tony’s already made up his mind.
Obviously that’s changed, which Steve is grateful for. He’d been called intimidating by an Alpha more than once after the serum, especially after heats. Which meant, in kinder and fewer words, that they weren’t interested in him.
“Oh.” Steve isn’t entirely sure how to deal with that information. It makes him a little bit sadder. Had Tony simply not wanted to talk to him? “Is he alright now?”
Steve had expected a little more. Obviously, Tony was only giving him the gist of it, no doubt worried that he wouldn’t understand most of the science malarkey while still a bit feral. But the way Tony says it, downcast and-
Only Tony has a numbered paddle between the three of them. Money wasn’t an option, and it wasn’t like Howard would actually
"I get it. Even though the most eligible Alpha three-years-running just proposed to you." Tony jokes, but Steve can smell the tangy nervousness of his scent. "I've been thinking about the future, more so than usual. And one without you isn't one I'm considering." Tony is determined with this. "There are so many things I want change, no,
“Why else would you?” There’s almost relief, perhaps to thinking he was right. “You wish to show me that I am not as powerful as I might appear. You wish to, as you mortals, say 'knock me down a peg’.” Stevos frown only deepens. “But it will not work, I am neither stronger or weaker in this form, nor any other form. It matters very little of what I look like.”
“Truthfully, he is still recovering from his injuries. He has accepted medical treatment, but refuses to be confined to a hospital.” A moment of hesitation, before JARVIS goes on. “If it is not too much to ask Captain, if you could come visit sir and talk some sense into him? I believe it would help.”
"I'm so happy you're alive." He whispers, lets the pain and heartbreak seep into his words before he lets go and leaves.
Stevos shrugs. “This is what your mind envisions me with.” When Tony gives him a blank look he continues. “You envisioned your savior as a man in a tactical suit, I would go for to venture you wish I were military, something comforting that you would feel safe with. And thus my appearance shifted with your thinking. As I said, we gods draw our power from mortal beliefs, as such, we shapeshift to accommodate them as well.”
The information is stripped down as is. Name, age, gender, height (as if that mattered to Steve), weight, occupation, and then bullet points of either personality traits or other information. Steve wasn’t sure how he was suppose to have scrutinized any of them alone, but then remembered that Phil Coulson was suppose to go over them with him.
“Wh-what?” Steve answers back, delirious from the pleasure, only brought back to his own mind when Tony’s fingers stop their torture.
But all Steve feels is the twinge of nervousness that lodges itself in his belly. He can barely navigate his way through the internet for the most basic information, let alone a high pressure area like a battlefield. He often felt so lost as it was, trying to understand how things worked now. How he should act. He had no clue of what everyone expected of him. Leadership? He barely qualified for that amount of responsibility.
So, uh. Hi. I updated. Like holy hell it's been a long time. But seriously, sorry to everyone who's been waiting on the chapters. I had like a tiny tiny bit of this written and then shit hit the fan.
Tony looks calm like this, without the ragged edges of feral and stress to mar his face, handsome in a way that calls to the artist in Steve to capture the moment on paper Sort of like a wild animal suddenly caught in a rare moment of sleep, the sight suddenly worth much more with knowing. Steve carefully rests a blanket on top of him, tucking a stray hair to Tony’s ear that threatened to tickle his nose.
“You could have handled it. Okay, hold onto the shield now. How’s the grip? Nice and firm? Good, great. Now say ‘Release’.”
“This isn’t goodbye.” Phil reminds him, perhaps reading into the situation all too well. It makes Steve wonder how many wayward Omegas Phil has had to care for to perceive so much with so little but then he reminds himself that Phil is also Clint’s handler, which makes some sense.
“Sure. It’s like… Uhm. Grammar, you said before? Like computer grammar and if words aren’t typed in the right way, it gets broken?”
“I-Is it why D-Dad left? D-Does he not want m-me? D-Don’t y-y-y-ou w-want m-m-m-me any-m-more, M-Mama?”
“Yes.” Stevos admits, blushing. He looks to the cave. “Your friend, Ho Yinsen was also brave, but he was a man ready to embrace death, he longed for it so I found no reason to deny him that.”
Steve himself is in a dark blue suit himself. A traditional Omega cut, with the buttons closing around his midriff, and borrowed cufflinks from Tony that were probably expensive enough to make Steve’s head spin. The suit is a rental, adjusted for his size, or more like
There’s an expectation for him to open the gift, because it so clearly is. Wrapped up with a tiny bowling, it feels more like a trap than anything.
“Yes, Tony. I understand, but the board won’t approve it unless there’s some approval from the military. You know as well as I do that the arc reactor program is a risk, and millions into production.”
Washing the grime and blood off of their bodies, they settle in for the night. Natasha gets her own room, which neither of them argue about, both Omegas with enough self-preservation instincts not to deny her of it, and instead share a room between themselves.
“Thank you.” Frank pays, and Steve almost gets his hopes up that that’ll be the end of it but Frank dawdles. “If it’s fine. I’d like to see you again.”
Clint won the last round. Which means he gets the part of the secret thing I'm planning. No questions this chapter, but I'd still like to know what everyone thinks so far. Anyways, here's the next chapter.
Slowly, he maneuvers himself, hushing Tony when he makes aborted movements to argue. A careful leg over the other, he nestles himself over Tony’s lap. He lets his weight rest on Tony’s thighs, knows that Tony can take it, and places his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
Steve gasps for breath, his heart thudding painfully in his chest as he sniffles and tries to draw in breath from his mouth, his nose too stuffed with snot.
He continues jerking himself off, eyes falling closed as he tries to bring up some type of memory to hurry himself along. Almost immediately he recalls Tony’s mouth, hot and wet around his cock and has to suppress a shudder.
“It’s a legitimate question connected to the bug that’s bugging me. Else would you like to go first?”
It’s fifteen minutes of ridiculous arguing. Which ends in a fit of laughter when Dummy rolls between them and hands both Tony and Steve DUNCE caps.
It’s a straight and direct command, one that Steve has no trouble following as he ambles onto the couch, bare for Tony’s ideas. He really is thankful for the serum, his knees aren’t even sore.
He keeps to the dark, Clint on his heels as they rush through the building, weapons carefully tucked close to their bodies.
It takes Steve a moment to remember the rush of panic, instinct to get away and make sense of it all. “I wanted to get up. Leave. Prove I was-”
“I’m real sorry ma’am for growling at you yesterday.” There’s no excuse for that kind of behavior, heat or no heat.
Yinsen fixes him up as best he can, and Tony fights the dizziness the threatens behind his eyes, but they both know that Tony can’t give what Raza wants, not with the amount of time he’s been pouring into the suit.
“No, it’s not exactly that. My psychiatrist, she asked if I wanted to have sexual relations with Natasha. Is that… Am I supposed to?”
Steve does this now and seizes the hitch in Tony’s breath and turns it into his own, lets the slow shock of emotion settle in as he rubs a soothing hand over Tony’s arms. ‘
“M’sorry. Never got ‘ta say it to Ma. Wanted to make sure you don’t have to wonder what I’d say to you when I’m on my last legs.”
Tony makes a triumphant sound, finally taking out a tool that Steve perceives as a drill, and grins at him. Which doesn’t really alleviate his worry.
Steve lays still, the sniffing continues, until the Alpha pulls the blanket all the way back. Steve tries to struggle, but the Alpha is rough with his handling, practically yanks the sheets away from Steve’s grip.
Steve answers by withdrawing until only Tony’s head in his mouth, and tongues the sensitive bundle of nerves between the head and shaft that has Tony groaning in pleasure. His boxers are ruined at this point, slick-drenched and sticky, clinging to his ass, cock hard where it’s confined still. Sweet torture.
He’s busy. Busy is good. Busy means that he doesn’t have to think about the absence of a certain god. Busy means he’s down in the lab, roused only for required meetings, and is otherwise unavailable to the world. Busy means his mind can focus on several things and pointedly ignore one.
Steve hasn’t got the heart to tell him that his Ma and Dad were an Alpha-Omega couple and his life didn’t work out so well. He just hopes that nice people adopt George so that he can have more toy cars.
Steve straps it to his wrists. The watch looked well-crafted, chrome and heavier than he expected it to be. He wriggles it on his wrists and then is surprised when it whirs and then suddenly resizes to fit perfectly on his wrist.
“Shield deactivate.” And the watch powers down as well. Steve’s breathing a little heavier than before, a quick realization that that had actually scared him, to have his shield come flying at him had been terrifying.
Feral Alpha’s weren’t like feral Omegas. Their sense of territory were heightened, and dropped into Fight a lot faster. While feral Omegas turned bitchy and demanded attention, feral Alphas demanded respect.
"What? No. It was just." Steve struggled to find the words. Yes, he's made the conscious decision to stop speaking with Tony, it had all been a huge mess with his feelings at the time. It was right around the same time he'd yelled at his psychiatrist too. "I was confused at the time. Maybe I didn't want to get my hopes up. You were being so friendly to me and- It wasn't anything you did at all." Steve mutters. "It was just me. Wondering why you were texting and calling. It made me..." He couldn't find the words.
Tony looks at him all smug, as if trying to dare him to fault his logic. Which Steve already doubted. He isn’t exactly medically trained, which is an issue he wants to rectify, what he knows is born from experience, from patching himself up or his fellow soldiers.
He’d done it the day prior, feeling guilty that while he could practice what Natasha had disciplined him with, he couldn’t do the same for Clint. The image had come so clearly to his mind that he just had to had some paper and pencil in his mind before the motivation disappeared on him.
“I’ll come visit you, every Sunday, just like I promised.” She hesitates. “I love you so much, baby boy, and you might not understand it right now but I’m doing this for your own good. Can you be a sweetie for Mama and go with the men? Until she can explain everything?”
“I agreed to it.” Steve shakes his head. “It was my choice to come to your home and spend my time there. Nothing to apologize for. If I didn’t want to be there I wouldn’t have been there.” His lips pressed into a thin line, daring Frank to prove him wrong.
But that has been all a test, hadn’t it? Set up perfectly, with Fury in the appropriate spot to explain the situation to Steve, looking like the best option possible.
“Hush now, it’s alright, there’s nothing to worry about.” Tony soothes, gently running his hands all over Steve’s sweat-drenched body, and it takes a while for Steve to connect the growling in the room to the sounds coming from his own throat.
Steve reaches over, stands over Tony to hug him gingerly, aware of the fragility that the Alpha feels in the moment. He continues to hug him as Tony's sobs rack throughout his body. "It's okay. You're good. Good Alpha." Steve murmurs, breathing in Tony's scent.
. In a war where everyone was racing to make the better gun, more ammo, capacity, higher accuracy, less inconsistency with the amount of gunpowder, firing power. So you see where I’m getting at?”
"The world doesn't need someone like me playing commander. Fuck, I couldn't even get my life straight without Pepper running it." Tony sighs. "That's the bottom line. People around me get hurt when I play the superhero. I'm just not cut out for that gig anymore. Who was I kidding?" Tony looks downcast, staring at his blanket-covered lap.
Steve snatches glances of him when he can, but embarrassment prevents him from speaking. He should apologize, he knows that, but he doesn’t know where to start. From the start, for being his date to begin with? Justin’s words echo dully in his mind, the whispers and yells, the pressure on his knee.
“It might have been Loki messing with my head, but those were my thoughts, my fucking plans. Loki’s smart, but he isn’t a genius about some other planet’s technology.” Clint snarls, angrier than Steve has ever seen him. “Twenty people died directly because of me, by my bow, by my hands. People can try to tell me it isn’t my fault, like shit, Nat tried to tell me that. But I c-can’t believe 'em.” His voice breaks.
“No, it’s alright. No harm done, right?” Steve shakes it off. “We can’t exactly adopt right now, but we’d like to make a donation to your cause instead. I understand your organization provides free vaccination and operation services too?”
“Yep, biofeed and retina scanners for entry and flight. If it’s not Rhodey, eject the asshole who thinks he can take my suit and blow the 7 out on Stark Premises.” Tony decides, pinching his nose as he takes a drink from his veggie goop.
He begins drinking a concoction to battle the effects of the palladium poisoning. It’s also starting to get harder to function properly, when pain begins to become an everyday thing. Where his muscles freeze up and the pain runs its course.
“You are easily entertained. And I could have made it ten if you didn’t worry so much.” Clint chuckles, even though Steve can tell he’s fighting shivers.
“My private jet is at your beck and call, it’s comfier than whatever SHIELD has, and it has a steady internet connection while crossing states.”
Steve’s never been too fond of dogs, on the count of their fur irritating his nose and triggering a bout of asthma since he was a kid. With the serum, he’d just never bothered, there were more things to think about than owning a pet.
"Hope that's a good thing." He really hopes it is. There's still something odd in Tony's look, but he trusts the Alpha to tell him if he wanted to. "Wouldn't want to be a problem for you."
“You wish to humiliate me.” Stevos says with such certainty that Tony feels offended, but then Stevos continues. “It will not work. I am no less strong in this body, as I’ve said before, I merely appear in whatever form you seem fit to dress me in.” It’s impatience, Tony realizes, and perhaps defensive on his own terms. “I had not planned to trick you into thinking I was… Large and muscular. Your mind provided the example to work with and…” Stevos shakes his head, appears flustered. You provided your ideal hero, and I only took the role and the costume. It is normal, mortals think of strength in terms of size and raw power, and this form does not exactly… Exude that power.” Stevos ends with a slump, a tired frown on his narrow lips.
He smells of warmth and sunshine, some earthy smell that he can’t name, only that he knew it meant safety and care. It feels strangely intimate, despite barely knowing the man, to know this much about him without saying a word. His body sags where he sits, and it feels very much like, if he were not sitting in the first place, he’d be on leaning on Tony for support.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” Tony bursts out when he’s finally has enough of his brain to speak, bolting up and away from Stevos. “I shouldn’t have. What I did- Taking advantage and- How could you possibly!! Here. You. Why would you-” It’s shame, guilt, desperation, bubbling in his chest, thoughts he has to get out, but the words are jumbled in his lungs, caught and choking him so that all he can do is gawp like a fish.
“Oh don’t listen to her, she’s enjoys the charade way to much.” The other Omega calls out, rolls his eyes at the pair of them. “
The scratch of the Alpha’s beard on his neck, the scent of him so close and tangible. Steve cries out as his orgasm takes him, rattles the breath out of his lungs and leaves him feeling wrung out.
The Omega-scent has lessened, enough that he can probably tolerate the smell and actually sit in his own chair. He blames Steve and his scent for the eight hours he’s lost in actual productivity. God. It had taken almost his entire will not to pounce on Steve when he’d just sat there, naked and open, blue eyes wide with expectation, pale skin all for the taking.
Ever since the serum, he’d felt more in tune with his body than ever before. He could feel the precision that came with his movements, something his ill-stricken body couldn’t before. It was like coming out of a haze, sudden clarity about what his body could do.
The document flashes up on the screen, all one hundred twenty three pages of it unfurled into a large wall text.
Being Ironman helps bolster the company’s reputation, but Tony quickly learns that the suit is killing him too.
“Well, I kind of hacked into SHIELD’s servers and found out everything they have about you. So yeah,
It’s not so bad, Tony convinces himself. There’s cleanup and public relation to handle for the expo, which is normally Pepper’s job but even he feels like she’s been working to the ground these days. She’d rescinded her promotion for CEO, which meant a nasty amount of paperwork to sign
“Brock.” The Alpha had introduced himself, shaking his hand firmly with a smile. “Glad to see we get Captain America on this op.” He says, the first time they meet.
“Wait. I’m not done with the story!” Tony chides, but readjusts the shield on the table anyway, placing it where he wants it and then shuffles around through drawers. “Back to that. Wakanda didn’t
“Aha!” Comes the triumphant yell, holding up what looked like a watch. The same watch he’d been working on the night before. “Here. Put it on.”
He bears down on the god with ferocity, smashing their lips while he claws at Stevos’s sides, feels the flesh give and Stevos yelp against his tongue. He bites down on his lip until he tastes blood, slides his hands down to Stevos’s ass and grips them tightly.
Hunger distracts him, enough to make him curiously peek out of the room and look around the corridors. He remembers the way, somewhat, and explores until he finds the kitchen. It doesn’t take him long to find all the utensils, making breakfast has always been part of his routine. He’s disappointed by the food in the fridge, mostly in boxes, most of it spoiled already, but he manages to find some edible tomatoes and eggs, as well as some bread that he can turn into something at least.
Rage boils deep in his gut, his grip tightens on the tumbler. He throws it away in frustration, uncaring that it would break.
“I assume it’s because she loves him.” Brock rolls his eyes. “Other than that. Uneventful. Or would you like me to give you a rundown of the entire three hours you’ve been out with the old man?”
But his chest hurts, his core’s power nearly depleted with the amount of energy required to move the suit. He’s only guaranteed ten minutes of power, any more and it would drain the core completely, then the shrapnel would slowly find their way to his heart again, killing him at a snail’s pace. He’s had to remove the suit completely, before it drained any more power.
, may I have your shield do that I can make it better than it already is, which makes it actually more useful to you so it would be
That sounded just like Howard. To build something from ground up and make it huge. He’d already went through the records (internet), and found that the man had died in a car crash.
It’s just a guess, one that Steve can easily deny, then they can go back to shooting things, hopefully move away from this topic until he can read up on Google.
of thunder. Jarvis made me this whenever I was scarred from a thunderstorm. Or bribed me with it to get me into bed.” Tony chuckles, letting the mixture sit as he leaned over the counter to look at Steve.
Steve has thought about this conversation for a while. He can’t take anything back, it’s just the way things are, but the bridge isn’t burnt, just unstable.
The god fits perfectly in his arms. Without the extra bulk, he can curls his arm over the god’s naked chest, find leverage on the bed, and manage to fuck right into from behind. All without straining himself.
“Aww. You should try to watch a little bit of porn. Ideas about sex and some positions should help, if you and Stark get serious you’re gonna need it.”
It’s like he hadn’t been gone at all. Except he has, and Tony aches for him. He kisses Stevos like a drowning man, no finesse and drinks him in like his life depended on it. A desperate rut of cock on cock, hard pressure and heated skin all at once.
Somehow, it feels like be’s drifting. From one thing to the next. The new arc reactor hasn’t been fully tested yet, but he’s putting her through her paces and so far she’s holding steady. He’s learned his lesson and has a couple of backups in his safe, and he has JARVIS run extra simulations in case this one fails too. He wants to be prepared for next time.
“Julia, you must tell me where you picked up those lovely hydrangeas featured in your resort villa!”
“You told me that the arc reactor was a power source, right?” Tony has shown him a previous model of the arc reactor, smooth and clean lines, glowing blue just like the one he had in his chest. It had been mesmerizing, almost like a work of art, sculpted precisely for its user.
“There. See? You don't want to, they can’t force you to fuck an Alpha you don’t like. Was it like that in the forties?”
A few articles were helpful, like how it was now alright for Omegas to take on work that had been deemed too
Stevos is temptation in tidy package, specifically the kind of man that Tony would have gone home with back in the day. Or would have tried to pay to get into his bed. The innocent home-grown next-door neighbor kind that Tony wouldn’t have had issues flirting with, to corrupt and show him all the dirty things they could be doing.
And Tony takes advantage of it, slips his cock right back inside and finds his rhythm. In and out, pumping right into Stevos as the slap of skin-on-skin echoes in the room, his hole slick and tight all at the same time.
Surprised. Steve shrinks back. "Okay, I understand. I'm just here for you, Tony. However, you need me."
“Hey!” After a day or two, He realized that Tony’s insults were his way of affection (Steve noticed that Tony threatened JARVIS on a daily basis), and the best way to deal with them was to play along (He learned that from JARVIS).
“N-No? Not in this century.” Emboldened, he continues. “I used to look at blue pictures, and before that, educational leaflets in Omega school.” Which were like diagrams on how heats were to be proceeded by, what to do, how to go about it, along with tips on how to please an Alpha.
“That’s right, honey, just calm down and breath. In and out, in and out, just like the nurse taught us to.” His Ma coaxes gently, breathing with him until Steve doesn’t feel so dizzy.
And there Tony is a makeshift hospital bed. Or rather, about as makeshift in utility as possible. Steve didn’t think they made hospital beds that big, not King-sized at least, because this was definitely along those lines. Either a special order or something that was reserved for the very elite. It was almost amusing if it were not Tony in it.
A hot spike of anger runs through Steve. It’s easy to imagine punching the man, and then taking his time with his friends until they’d learnt their lesson, and had better manners. He wouldn’t even need his shield for this. A good 'ol fist fight might just be enough to shake off the melachonly he’s been feeling for the past week.
Eventually, the last Omega goes for a sale, a tall lanky one with a burst of white hair and captivating blue eyes, and Tony makes the price go all the way up to two-fifty before conceding to an older Alpha.
“We’ll fix that.” She says with a huff, a new gleam in her eye that Steve doesn’t know what to make off.
His blood turns hot when he sees the report on the cube, but he keeps his mouth shut and doesn’t ask. Because if there’s one thing he’s learned about Fury during the months he’s been awake, it’s that the man does not divulge his secrets willingly.
It’s quite touching really. Not a scratch on the bike. Steve’s never had anything fresh out of the factory before but he imagines this is what it would be like. He’s just itching to take her out for a spin, wind in his hair, curled around that body while he speeds through the open road, nothing but the roar of the wind as his company.
. “Until you get one, and bring it home.” If there was anything that Tony could count on, it was Howard’s almost insane need to always be right.
He supposes he should be thankful that his Ma was as unforgiving about his writing as she was with everything else, and he writes out the doctor’s messy prescription into neat legible lines with a pen. He’s thankful that he’s seen enough shorthand to understand the scribbles.
His own Omega. “Steve.” He says out loud, trying to wrestle him out of his clothes, already unbuttoned the front of his shirt but not much else, difficult with how he doesn’t seem to want to cooperate. “Take off your clothes. Don’t you want to get clean?”
“So? You’ve done a great job so far, I’m still safe, aren’t I? And you’re only doing this to scare off Steve.” He waves at the still-staring Omega. Though, if he’s staring because of the way Brock phrases it, or if he’s still seeing rainbows and butterflies because of the drugs, Tony’s not sure. “Anyway, I assume the condo is safe?”
Tony gets hit in the face with the sweetest scent he’s ever encountered. He’s surrounded by it, overwhelmed by it, yet he can’t get enough.
He tries to push them out of his mind, but sometimes even the trees look like the ghosts in his past, and when he’s in it bad, he can hear their voices whisper in the wind that still makes him hesitate.
of my being here if you refuse ny help regardless, and send me off to help other mortals! I am suppose to protect
“Demi-gods have always been prophesized to do great things. To slay a beast or conquer a citadel were among the highest regards. Bucharus and I would often dream of going out on our own quest, idle daydream of the youth, and pray to the gods for an opportunity to prove ourselves. We couldn’t really, not when I could barely lift a sword, or walk a mile without needing a rest. But we pretended to be soldiers like most boys, practiced with stick for however long my chest would allow, or before Bucharus’s mother could drag us each by the ear with a stern word.”
The look on Steve’s face, the disappointment, the hurt. Just the memory of it stirs some instinctual Alpha reflex in him to want to console him, even now, when he knows that Steve is probably watching TV and browsing through Brock’s Netflix catalog.
Of course, it could be the Heat talking (meddling), his hormones pushing the thoughts to bind because this Alpha was treating him so kindly.
And while Steve would very much like to say no, Frank is also half-way leaning over the counter while talking to Steve.
Tony can’t seem to get enough, his hand twisted in Steve’s hair, hard and stinging. It makes Steve’s hole slick where he’s knelt under Tony.
Steve catches Clint petting a very old looking Golden Retriever, making faces at the dog as he scratched him behind the ears, a young lady standing over him.
“Ugh. See? Trust me Cap, stick with the keys, they’re more your speed anyway.” Tony bounces off the platform to cradle his bottle.
“Huh.” Clint says after a while. “Same thing that Laura said, except she said newspaper but that’s pretty close, just a word choice.” Clint smiles at him. “Oranges.” He hums the words. “Yeah, that’s right.” Is a softer, Steve can tell Clint is thinking about his mate.
Fuck Fury and Natalia. Fuck their assessment. But he doesn’t argue with consultations, he trusts no one else with weapons and blueprints for their super secret boyband. If he couldn’t be part of it, then the least he could do was be their floor manager and make sure they had the best equipment possible.
Yeah okay, maybe having a god around would just up his procrastination levels by a bit. Just a little bit. He needs to build a new arc reactor for one, and make backups in case anyone tried to pry his heart out again. The Ironman could use some improvements too. He had been severely undergunned during the fight with Obadiah, he needed more weapons that could incapacitate quickly and easily, but could still fit in the panels of the suit.
“Very well, your claim is sound. You are picky enough as it is with your Patrons.” Loki smirks back at Stevos. “Good luck with this one.” And he disappears, leaving a trail of gold in his wake, scattered to the wind.
It’s not that cold, but he still bunches up his snow coat over himself to stop the shivers. He’d been lucky in the afternoon, not so much now, not with the chilly wind biting against his cheeks.
It’s slow, painfully slow, both making use of what borrowed time they had to say what was difficult to put into words. Instead, they let their bodies talk, in a language more suited to Alpha and Omega.
to paddle number one! This concludes the auction. Congratulations to all the winners, please do stay to discuss financial statements, and do I hope everyone else has thoroughly enjoyed tonight’s proceedings.”
“But I always thought y’know. What would I have done even if I knew? Could I have changed anything? Doc said it was probably cos Ma was always around the sick, and she caught it too but she kept working anyway. Didn’t let anybody stop her.”
“I just- I was-!” He struggles to explain but Tony silences him with a kiss to his mouth. He complies, taking in the sweet taste of the man in front of him. He calms down with reaffirmation of the gesture. Tony was here for him, wasn’t going to leave him and would take care of his Heat with him. He didn’t have to fight tooth and nail to keep the Alpha interested.
It’s days of going undercover, of following targets, rumors and acting as bait before they have an address for where most of the Omegas are being kept. But that wasn’t enough, they needed names and locations. It wasn’t hard to figure out that the Omegas were being moved across country, to different mating blocks under different credentials.
There’s something akin to a sob before Stevos moves his arms over his head, and it sends a ripple throughout muscles when he clenches on the arm rest of Tony’s couch.
“I see you liked my little present. I’m going to have to build a better one for next time.” the whisper of a voice he knows on his ear, warm breath tickling his neck.
. Rubberducks get thrown around, squashed, stabbed, melted, blasted, flung out of windows… I managed to destroy a box of them in one go at some point, with little more than a screwdriver, divots, and lots and lots of glue.”
“Well, err, it isn’t. It’s The Gallery’s personal touch to Omega for V.I.P. patrons, it’s not just available
Black Widow is brutal with her attacks, it takes about fifteen seconds for Steve to realize that as he blocks one jab after the next, looking for an opening to push back and regain his ground but she overwhelms him with her speed. He manages to put some distance between them when he rolls to the side as she comes jumping back at him. He can smell her surprise, a sharp tang in the air that makes him feel proud of the achievement at some base level but then she’s in his space all over again and he has to concentrate.
“I couldn’t possibly know that. The Howard I knew wouldn’t have been the same as your father. He would have been a horrible father.”
He’d tried to reason with himself at first, pretend that the dark-haired Alpha in his fantasies wasn’t Tony, but simply a stranger that his mind had helpfully conjured to quicken his arousal. He’s even forcefully tried to change the fantasy, imagined a bigger Alpha, thick thighs and blonde hair, clinging to older memories when he was smaller and the Alpha would cover his entire body.
“You can give her a call if you’d like.” Howard challenges, brow raised and mustache ruffled. “And you know how your mother gets when she feels like she’s being misunderstood.”
It’s his second mission in SHIELD, barely a month since his and Clint’s vacation ended, and six months since New York.
an Omega, the Alpha would present a piece of jewelry that would signify the Omega’s worth to them. It was meant as a gift, an offering, as if to say that the Omega was precious and deserved it.
Pepper regards his apology, red lips pursed together. “It’s alright, I understand, it’s instinct.” She smiles, which lets him relax. “I should have asked JARVIS what Tony was doing in the guest room but I assumed, when he told me he wasn’t available for the week-” She bites her lip, cutting herself off.
Talk turns into an invitation to dinner. Steve shrugs and goes along with it, silly to turn down a meal when Frank insists. They settle at a quiet place, or as quiet as it can be after work hours and everyone’s hustling for food.
This chapter is shorter than usual. It didn't feel right to try and squish in development into one chapter, so I'd rewritten it this way instead.
“No.” Tony answers, stifling Brock’s expectations. He’s never brought home an Omegas before. Always Betas, easier to come by. For a good time, whatever that might entail. “Some kind of pheromone. It mimics it from what I can tell.”
The realization stung him, that no matter what body he might possess, or how many changes he might go through, there would be people who simply couldn’t accept him, no matter what he did.
Steve’s never had a blowjob before, but now he could see the merits to one. His brain promptly shut off when Tony takes his entire length in his mouth, licking the underside of his cock with his tongue, delicious wet heat and pressure the only thing he can focus on.
It’s kind of sweet, in a weird overbearing way, but he types back that everything is fine, his heat went about as well as he could hope for, and Tony wasn’t forcing him to do anything that he didn’t want to.
Steve has to take a deep breath before answering. “No, they’re just jerk. They’ll get what’s coming to them.”
Steve punches him square in the jaw, vaguely remembering to pull back as his body shakes in controlled rage. He stares numbly, Justin curled around his feet, cradling his jaw and spewing curses.
Steve pulls away, his hands tugging at Tony’s shirt in a half-attempt to tug him forward, half for seduction. He smiles wickedly, sinking back onto his bed, legs spread in an obscene position to show off his half-hard cock through the thin cloth of his boxers.
And Steve does see it. In the sag of Tony's body, in the glassiness of his eyes. His scent, which would have normally made him want to be close to the Alpha, smells spiky and sick. It didn't make him want Tony any less, but he could feel the reluctance in the normally proud Alpha.
Tony nods, frown still in place, but he didn’t look unhappy. “I’ll talk to Fury about the contract. He
Steve can see the tired lines of Tony’s body, the way the armor sags just slightly to the left, which meant that his injuries were on his right. It doesn’t help that the arc reactor is flickering.
“It means that I am personally responsible for your person, for mission status, in base relationships, and your overall health.”
Wow, it's sunday and there's a chapter? Wowowow. Anyway. Finally got a new phone, still got to pay it off, but it's all mine. :) I'm trying to get back into the groove of writing again, so there's that.
It seemed almost… Dream like to think that Tony wanted him too. Part of him was still in disbelief. An Alpha like Tony (?!) taking a liking to him? Probably wouldn’t have even looked at him twice before.
Gonna try to get the next chapter up to regular schedule but yeah, no promises still. My new job has me working ten hours a day, with saturdays so. Yeah, I actually get tired now, haha.
“Wow! Is this the new Starkphone? This isn’t even out in the market yet! Holy shit, it is!” Michael exclaims, turning the phone, the little STARK logo gleaming in the low light. “Oh my god, is it as good as the reviews say they are? It’s like,
“Never would have thought that I could have something so beautiful as you. Thank you for choosing me as your Alpha.”
There’s a moment of silence between them where Other James keeps glancing at Steve, waiting for him to suddenly have all the answers. Which is weird. Nobody really looked to Steve for answers before.
He nearly startles when Brock pushes himself up, and heads for the coffee maker. “Boss should nearly be up, better to make his coffee now before he bitches about it. C’mere, I’ll show ya.”
The information leak was a minor issue. Where was it safer than in Stark Servers anyway, and if he understood correctly, they’d be in Tony’s personal servers too.
“Whatever you've got to say, you can see it here.” Steve cuts him off. “Unless it ain't polite then you better not say it at all.”
There’s a scuffle by the door, low voices and angry rumbles, it shakes Steve out of slumber. He pulls the sheets in closer, even as the door opens and closes.
Tony knocks twice on the door, and the two Betas by the door can’t seem to hide their surprise that he’s still fully-clothed, reeks of Omega-Heat scent but fully-clothed nonetheless. He smirks at their reactions.
He’d punished himself a little then, convinced himself that whatever it was he and Tony had had during his cycle was all part of the contract. Tony had been a good Alpha, treated him well during heat, better than any other Alpha he’d had, but Steve hadn’t wanted to hope for anything further. Come to think of it, he might have tried to push Tony away.
“It was nothing, he said a few things and I lost my temper. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to punch him.” Steve mutters.
Tony can only stare as the man, dressed in some kind of dark blue tactical suit, the material clinging to every muscle desperately, turns to him. He’s fucking gorgeous, windswept blonde hair cropped perfectly, startling blue eyes, jaw set in a determined line.
by the looks of you, but I’m good for it. I just need you to squeal a bit, something for the papers, just a little dirt on Tony, and then, maybe
And Steve understands that perfectly fine. People staring, waiting for him to breakdown, walking on needles in front of him like he was a ticking time bomb and they were all incredibly interested to see what color he would explode into.
“Speaking of being a darling.” Tony rolls his eyes, looking to avoid another round of Brock going on and on about his Omega. “Would you be a dear and wash him off? The scent it’s-”
, no decent Alpha would have left you.” Tony’s eyes are wild as he rambles, dangerous, even in the dim light of the car, Steve can see the manic energy in them.
. No classes tomorrow because that would have just killed his mood for the rest of the night, but that didn’t mean he could slack off. Nope. He had a paper due by Monday, and then a machine project on Tuesday. He had made some headway through with the project but the paper wasn’t even done yet. Fucking business classes. He’d drop them if he could, but then he knew Howard would have him expelled from college somehow. The pull the old man had on the school was unbelievable, especially with how he was financing, like, seventy percent of the science department. Which was, yeah okay, Tony had some leeway there too because of it.
Steve practically melts, grasping at Bucky’s side to hold him, even through three layers of winter wear he can feel the hard form of Bucky’s body, eyes squeezed shut for fear of what he might see. Bucky soothes him through it, fingers through his hair, a hand cupped to his cheek, doing anything to keep him from pulling away from him. It’s nothing like the kiss from when they were kids, huddled in bed and soft exploratory kisses that held little weight than childish love for one another. Acceptance and question, fear and loved mixed together. Not quite as pure, but something else entirely.
In the end, Steve comes first, and then sucks Tony off in what he hopes to be a good effort. He thinks he did well, if Tony’s swearing is to be any indication.
to find was a heat-desperate Omega, who’d beg for his cock among other things, and they could spend the next hour knowing each other intimately. He’d never had to
Okay, that was fine though. He was a genius, he could find something to replace the core, he had time to solve this.
is on the tip of his tongue but he can’t bring himself to say it, too ashamed to admit it out loud even when he knows there’s no other way to describe his actions.
Clint only seems to frown further. “Again, not saying it’s good. But imagine this, alright? An Omega is uneducated, has no job experience cus no one’s gonna hire ‘em over a Beta or Alpha. Course, that only means that Omega can only apply for an Omega job, and even then, those are limited enough and some are filled by Betas too. What’s the play?”
The curator reigns in the crowd. “Now. Settle down, settle down. I know, he makes quite the first impression. I hope that this round of bids will show respect to an Omega of his stature. Speaking of which, as he is a last-minute addition to tonight's proceedings. I shall be announcing his status.”
“I didn’t mean to make your job harder Black Widow, but I’m a quick study and-” He wants to say that he’ll do his best but she cuts him off with an intrigued smile.
Tony scrounges around the scrap pile, setting aside piles of metal until he lets off a satisfied sound and brings an oddly familiar shape to Steve.
Tony's gaze is hard, like he expects Steve to fight him on this. Even more so than getting married. The silence was deafening, and Steve could only frown. "That's your decision, and hasn't got anything to do with me." Steve says carefully, watching Tony's expression.
Condom on, Tony presses inside of him, Steve exhaling as he is filled, hyper aware of the way Tony stretches him out, the blunt head of his cock pressed pleasurably inside of him.
“Fuck, you’re so beautiful like this.” He hears Tony say, breathless as if he’s the one being touched. “C’mon sweetie, that’s it. You’re so good, moaning so prettily for me. Come on, just let go.”
He grits his teeth as he realizes how that sounds. So sad, so lonely, so desperate for things to cling to, but never finding them. So utterly lost that there was barely anything that could hold him together.
Tony is quick to sidle up to Bruce Banner, an Omega by his scent, mid-level if he were to choose, who looks overwhelmed to be onboard, only giving Steve a glance when he enters the room. Natasha takes a seat for herself, and proceeds to sit there like a statue. Thor is loud and demands attention to his questions.
Tony hands him a thick manila envelope in the car. He’d driven him in some ridiculously expensive car, insisting that Happy was out on an errand for Pepper so there really was no one to drive him. Tony had stopped short of the jet, parked just a few feet from them.
Alpha running a weapons company? Not unheard of. Very in the norm. But a shift in direction, and they’re all ready to declare you
“I probably do. And who better to confess my sins to than to Captain America.” Clint turns around, but doesn’t break their contact, stares at Steve with his fingers bunched around his shirt.
“Next time. It’s fine. Nothing bad happened.” Tony waves off, already closing the distance between them.
“Stevos.” He whispers one night, when he’s exhausted his resources and he wants to see the god again. He hasn’t called him since that night with Stane, he figures the god has godly things to do or something, but there’s some desperation now that he can’t put off.
“Coulda skinned a cat and sold it off to a dog if he tried.” Steve grins at that. “But he meant well most of the time, enthusiastic at best. So one night, when me and the Commandos get invited to a fancy party, full of important officers and swells, the kind that goes on and on while Alphas with the biggest egos butt heads to see who’s got the longer stick.”
He’s not sure if Natasha is giving him just scraps because he didn’t have the clearance to know (there was an agent level system he still couldn’t grasp the exact details of, except that Clint and Natasha had exceptionally high clearance, or else they wouldn’t have even been allowed near him), or if she she was generally not interested in that sub-group of S.H.I.E.L.D.
"I wanted to." He sets the bowl by the bed table, taking his earlier seat right next to Tony. "It isn't really a big deal, everything was already around. My first time using a pressure cooker too. JARVIS guided me through it, so maybe this meal is from both of us."
Here, Ed slowly instructs Andrew on what to do, from the way he glides over Steve’s thighs and legs, brushing up against his cock. It’s all very methodical, and Andrew’s fumblings are no better, either too gentle or too rough to matter.
“But then we get this gorgeous Omega.” Tony winks at him and Steve rolls his eyes. He’s used to it at this point but it doesn’t stop the blush. “This little petite Omega who volunteers for a dangerous program without knowing if he would come out alive or not, and then gives his life for his country, to save thousands from death. Do you see how amazing that is? All of a sudden the world is forced to accept that Omegas aren’t these shy creatures. They can be as brave and noble as any other sex. You were a catalyst, Steve. You changed the world.”
an Omega is different.” Steve argues, begrudges that fact that something like this could happen, could even be
“I could say the same thing to you.” Steve says sternly, making a point to squeeze Clint for a hug. He’s done feeling sorry for himself, and he wants to help Clint.
Tony starts petting his hair and Steve eyes droop low, settling himself onto Tony’s chest, letting the man pet him. His fingers feel wonderful on his scalp and he just knows he can fall asleep like this.
He looks to the side just enough to catch Tony giving him a strange look, his own mug cradled in his hands like a precious thing.
Made it with time to spare. As promised, some plot progression with smut. I've been busy collecting some funko pops and marvel collector stuff so I might have gotten sidetracked but I got a bunch of new keychains, some Iron Man pops and a Captain America pin from it so it's all good.
Andrew doesn’t even look at him when he leaves, neither does Ed, but Frank’s gaze follows him all the way down three blocks.
, determined to catch up with this current century before it inevitably came crashing down on him. He wasn’t optimistic, not when he knew that S.H.I.E.L.D. was determinedly sanitizing every piece of information he got, not when he knew that the psychiatrists and medical team treated him with kid gloves.
Steve actually laughs. “Me and the guys used to call him that. The engineer. Oversaw all our equipment personally.” He has some good memories to cling to, even if half of them were laced with pain. He clung to those memories, bitter happiness and spiked injury underneath each one.
Pepper joins them for a while, and it’s nice to see Tony interact with people for a change that didn’t involve half-snide remarks and cursing (like on the internet videos). Something is slack in Tony’s body with Pepper around, and Steve doesn’t object to that.
Tony cries, Stevos holding him tight while he sobs uncontrollably over the god’s shoulder. “You deserve me more than I deserve you.” The god whispers, though Tony can’t make sense of it. His head hurts and he’s too tired to worry about it. “You are wonderful in all the things you do.” Stevos still feels good around him despite the lie, the fingers running along his back helps ground him.
When the tray of fruit is finished, he stretches out on the bed and watches as Tony takes the tray to the door. Steve can’t remember when he’s felt so relaxed within the past month, and blushes at what
Tony breathes, catching his breath as his chest clenches in pain, glaring at Stevos for an answer. A part of his brain tells him that this is incredibly dangerous, reminds him of the ways Stevos could actually kill him without even trying. Shouting at a god was stupid in hindsight.
This might as well be considered a side chapter. It's a little on the short side but I thought it'd be interesting to put out.
“I know you don’t.” Steve cuts him off sharply, not backing down. “Y’just moan and groan ‘bout the long night. Yer not bothered that I don’t work. But I am. I won’t just sit here and let you work your back out while be both slowly starve through the winter.”
“Yes.” There is resignation in the god’s voice, shame even. “I could not tell you any more than I had. This was your trial to face, I could not intervene even if I wished it.”
They’re chest to chest now, Tony’s eyes hazy, locked into his. The Alpha had been trying to push against him for half of the conversation, but Steve held his ground.
He can’t help the smile on his face. “M’good. Just tired.” He admits. He doesn’t mean physically, merely all the worrying had taken a lot more from him than he thought it would.
He needs to destroy those weapons, wipe them off the face of the earth so that no one can abuse them ever again. But he can’t do that while he’s dead, or half-buried in sand, or whatever miserable existence they might deem him worthy of.
His fists clench over his lap, jaw held tight in disappointment. He’d thought the future would have found some solution to this, the hope he had had when he’d learned that mating blocks were better had made him thought that it was gone for good.
“If it’s alright, I’d like to leave for a while. I have duties that I have left unattended.” Stevos says in that strangely blank tone. “Your enemies are gone, or at least abated for the time being. By no means am I abandoning you. It’s simply that… It’s a little too much for me.” His voice soften. “I’d like a moment to regain myself.”
Stevos laughs, and clothes shimmer until they’re gone. Tony’s treated to the sight of those muscles, every beautiful curve of Stevos’s body exposed to him like a lover.
“See how he responds?” Ed goes along with the narrative, as he explains each action to Andrew, like Steve’s body is this chart. “A gentle, but firm touch is required. An Omega will do anything to please their Alpha, given the right incentive.” And that really does make Steve’s eyes roll, which earns him a light slap on the face. “Never be afraid to discipline the Omega, they have to learn their place. You will respect me, Adam. My nephew must learn how to handle an Omega on his own.”
He screams with pain, hand cupping the wound, blood quickly stains his tattered pants. He grits his teeth through the aftershocks, body starting to go in shock.
, on the bed, on his ass, on his balls, on his shaft, but Steve doesn’t care. Not when the Alpha snarls and mounts him properly, forces him to comply to the position, has him bare his throat so the Alpha can kiss and suck bruises on his neck as the man continues to make use of his hole.
But, just like always, Stevos catches him before he falls, cradles him in large arms and hot skin. He’s huge again, covered in muscle and overbearing but maybe that’s what Tony needs.
Steve doesn’t really think he should ask if she thinks she’s still nice, or if she’s doesn’t. It springs up, but he has a feeling he shouldn’t really get too attached to anyone around here, no matter their intentions.
She rolls her eyes. “And now you’re all mature and grown-up? I thought I’d never see the day.” She says with such haughtiness that Steve wonders how close she and Tony were. Her eyes rake over him one more time, a newfound curiosity in her gaze before she settles with an exaggerated sigh. “Well, I can see when you’re mind has been made up. I must have a word with Oliver and his dashing husband about their new line of water-resistant cosmetics before the night drags on, let’s catch up some other time then?”
He’d always been most finicky with faces. The way a person smiles, the droop of their frown, crinkle in their eye. Steve liked to play with the emotion, an insight to a person’s thoughts.
Steve nods, and then his shoulders droop. “They. Took them.” He motions vaguely, away from him. Tony takes it to mean The Gallery took his clothes.
Only Tony could react to that with another grimace and then a sensual grind that has Steve’s cock very interested where it’s nestled against Tony’s ass.
Still, he was careful not to take too much, the guilt was already eating him that he was spending the Alpha’s money.
The smell of chocolate drifts through the kitchen, Tony lightly taps the pot and takes out another container. “The secret to good cocoa is the sugar. Specifically, brown sugar.” He adds in two scoops of brown sugar and continues to stir.
Steve does this now, curling in on himself, ducking his head as he places a tenative hand on Tony’s wrist. It’s a small gesture, something taught in school to kids during his time, that meant ‘
.” He realizes that Tony isn’t even listening to him anymore, focus solely on the military Alpha, and turns to Howard. “Howard. Talk some sense into the boy. A million for an Omega. It’s absurd, they aren’t worth that much.”
Ahh, of course. It wasn’t as if mating blocks were set up to actually find mates. More of a place to blow off some steam during an otherwise terrible night. Heats were just that, looking for a mate to see it through. There would be less emotion if the heat wasn’t finished with the Alpha. Nothing personal. Nothing too emotional.
“He brought this along, once. I used it for stuff. Hold on. Don’t mind the garbage, I’ve been… Remodelling.”
“I thought you’d like it if we started your Heat with something old-fashioned.” For the first time, Steve detects nervousness in the Alpha’s voice. “If you’re not comfortable then-”
Except. There are three men encircled around his bike, smoking cigarettes and muttering among themselves.
Natasha Romanoff eyes him speculatively, Clint Barton seems to prefer pretending he doesn’t exist at all, while Nick Fury tells him that the two are now assigned to get him up to speed on how things run on S.H.I.E.L.D.
The solution? They super glued the box to the floor. Now, it wouldn’t go anywhere without the proper chemicals, which Natasha insists she has.
“Let me reintroduce myself. My name is Phil Coulson, I am your official S.H.I.E.L.D. handler for the time being. It’s little more than title, I am also Agent Barton’s and Agent Romanoff’s handler, if that eases your mind.”
His undershirt goes last, and then he’s bare for Stevos to touch, huge hot hands roaming over his chest, pauses between bruises. There’s a light touch to his throat, tipped just to the side, a low hum of approval yet he captures Tony’s chin between his fingers.
Steve chuckles, finally grinning at Tony’s mock expression of horror. “Maybe if you grovel a little more, I’ll consider it.”
Stunned, he swallows and looks around to where the other Agents lay. Most were flat on their back,  a quiet groan from one who as stretching out. Steve was glad at least that he remembered how much was just enough to knock a man unconcscious, and what would cause just enough pain for them to remain coherent. He liked to know his limits.
Steve carefully pushes it just into Tony’s fingers. The Alpha makes an ungodly sound at the first sip, before he collapses into the chair and sighs, seemingly drowning himself in the coffee.
Steve sits on the offered single seat, plush with cushions, a table in between them where the cocoa is placed. Tony offers him a smile, and pushes the mug his way, which he accepts.
Natasha and Clint were probably doing their own reports too. A short summary, additive to what they’d already submitted beforehand, about how the mission ended. It takes him a while to get in the correct mindset of work, biting down the rejection, but he does, focusing on the grim details of the Omega smuggling bust.
“Someday, someday.” Tony mumbles, eyes squeezed shut. “Close. I’m going to. Oh god, Steve. I’m so close. Take off those damn clothes.”
A muttered cursed, grip renewed. “You’re a white winged demon, I swear.” Steve counters with another swirl of tongue, transitioning to swallow around Tony’s head, a convulse of muscle around that musky taste. He knows he does it right when Tony’s breath catches, and it’s worth the extra nails on his scalp. “God, yes, you can take it deeper, can’t you? Of course you can,
“You hoped for too much.” Is the gruff response, as if Clint could read his mind. “People are fucked up, and it’s-” Clint shakes his head. “It’s a fucking lottery system, being Omega is like, you’ve got dealt the worst hand in the deck and you hope to hell that the river can give you some luck but you know everyone’s got a better stack than you. Doesn’t matter if you manage to win a few times, they’ll clean you out the first chance they get. Omegas got it way
“God you smell so good.” Tony moans against his neck. “I swear, if I could find a way to recreate this scent, I’d be a, well I’m already a billionaire. A
It’s said in such a whisper that Steve’s heart nearly breaks with the fragility of it. His mind is a mess, barely able to make comprehensible thoughts with Tony so close and available, but he knows one thing for sure. That he could trust Tony to see him through this, with nothing but his best interests at heart.
So... UHH. Still a bit of a delay, trying to catch up on all the work and sleep I've missed. I pushed to finish this in lieu of July 4 though so that has to count for something, right? D:
Tony, very carefully, takes Stevos’s hands in his, thumbing a extruded knuckle. He feels calluses, rough and weathered by battle that were missing on the god’s larger form. He had thought it odd, the god was clearly some kind of warrior, but his hands had been smooth and soft, as if he had never done any labor at all. Here, he can see the trickery, how much the illusion could fool his senses. It’s a bitter realization, being lied to, but he also understand that Stevos meant no harm in it, probably thought that he was just giving Tony what he wanted.
“Still, I wanted to… Let you know I didn’t mean it. Nothing by it. God, I wanted to hurt you, and I knew just the words to say.”
He claims that his roommates are boring, and Steve is so much more entertaining. Bucky is also insistent that Steve reads to him from their story books whenever he does sleep over, claiming that he’s not a good reader himself, and that Steve does the voices from the stories really well.
Tony nearly flinches at his voice, looking very much like a kid who got caught with hand in the cookie jar.
“Alright. Nervous?” Tony rolls his shoulders and sets aside his gear. He’s in full engineering mode in the lab. There was none of the pristine businessman that made it so often in magazine covers. This Tony Stark was a creator, covered head to toe with sweat and grease because he wasn’t afraid of getting dirty. This Tony Stark was a visionary, who hammered away at something until he could build or break it. It makes Steve’s heart flutter when he sees him like this.
“What do you want from me, Tony?” He hadn’t meant it to sound so forceful but it did. “You call me out here for almost nothing. And when I tried to return the phone you became defensive. Getting jealous of another Alpha when you have no reason to be.” He pauses, hoping that Tony would interrupt at some point but the man stays silent.
Jasper blinks, doesn’t even look offended. “Of course.” Like he deals with this all the time. “I’ll post someone by the door for anything you need.”
He does owe him. “Are you sure about that? Isn’t there anything I could possibly do?” He says, as coy as he can muster, flutters his lashes like the gals in the USO used to do when they sold war bonds to deep-pocketed Alphas.
He knows a lost cause when he sees one, stubbornness a mile wide that shouldn’t make him smile, hands over the shield anyway even while the response was less than pleasant.
Tony speaks low, maybe not to frighten Steve, but his scent has definitely picked up, a bit more electrifying, a crackle in the wind that carries a daunting topic. Steve has a feeling that this was way more than just Howard, like Tony’s been trying to fight for this his entire life. The words aren’t lost to him, he understand that Tony’s under a lot of stress, but he just doesn’t know how to console him for something that seems to hound his every step.
Tony thumbs the gold necklace, something akin to an appreciative hum. Which in turn causes Steve to huddle closer, count the heartbeats beneath the insistent
Except. Stevos is the very reason for his frustration, perfectly perfect in spite of Tony’s injuries. While the god lays there, golden-skinned and ripped beyond all measure, Tony has to deal with the
punched me in the face! Keep that crazy bitch from me!” Justin screams, even while Steve slowly backs away. He can feel everyone’s eyes on him, quiet murmurs about what had happened.
“Glad that you could join the party. You missed it by the way, it was a blast.” He laughs at his own joke, motions at the wreck that is his home.
“There are still builders who pray to Hephaestus, who seek his guidance for their craft. Fishermen still pray to Poseidon, god of the sea, to keep their boats safe during a storm. Athena, my mother, has followers who look to her for wisdom, or the occasional college student who has their finals coming up. Most gods are needed, in one shape or form. Names may change, but intentions remain the same. The stronger the belief of their followers, the more powerful a god can be.”
When Tony quiets down, he looks up at Steve, realization in his eyes. “Thanks. For you, y’know, this?”
Omegas were more likely to provide healthy children than Betas, their systems much better suited for carrying children to full term. Which was why Alphas would have an Omega if they could, to ensure a healthy and strong pups to carry on their lineage. The Heat in itself wasn’t meant to get the Omega pregnant, in fact, Omegas were least likely to get pregnant during Heats because of the amount of stress their own bodies would be causing them. Instead, a Heat was a way to find the strongest Alpha possible. The one who would fight and protect them. The one who deserved them the most.
Steve! You’re killing me here!”) that he takes it into his mouth. The heady taste of pre-cum is enough to have him moan in delight, swirling his tongue along the head, tracing a vein along the underside as he balances himself on one hand to stroke the base of the cock in the other. His fingers pump and squeeze at the swollen knot, eliciting a wave of curses and angry mutters from Tony that Steve decidedly blocks out.
Instead of answering, Steve moves to his knees, bowing his head. By the hitch in Tony’s breath, Steve knows he did the right thing and he stays as still as he can while Tony loops the chain around his neck, fumbling with the clasp.
He can’t sleep, unsurprising. He’s not sure if it’s the adrenaline or the thoughts but he’s restless. Clint has fallen asleep, or asleep enough that Steve doesn’t feel guilty about slipping out of bed to roam.
“I wasn’t always like this. As a youth, I was often sickly and lame. I wasn’t like the other children, I could not run out in the fields or wrestle with the rest. The cattle could tip me over without thought. My father saw me as a disgrace, though he never said it out loud.”
“A full body armor that can fly, with an onboard weapon system that would put a tank to shame.” Clint says, almost dreamily. “Wish I had one, but then Stark’s not good with sharing.”
So Tony has Brock Rumlow as a sort-of roommate, who was his driver/bodyguard/chef depending on the situation, who scoffed at rules, maintained an insane gym regimen, made a killer salmon fillet, and had a perfect, loving, beautiful Omega waiting for him somewhere. Apparently.
“Yes, of course.” Steve grits out. The sooner it happens the better, wasn't it? Surely it would mean he wouldn't be so quick to toss aside if Tony didn't find him to his liking, the Claiming linking both Alpha and Omega in a mess of hormones. He'd never been claimed by Erksine, the Alpha had never tried, but the man had more than shown his love for Steve. Or at least, Steve has long since consoled himself to that. Erksine had never seemed like he wanted anything more from Steve than his company. Even when Steve had been young, the Doctor had always been kind and patient with him.
It was a rare moment where he’d caught Clint napping, head pushed up to curl towards his torso, hands crossed over his chest, hanging precariously on the rafters.
Tony, just as Steve guessed, breezes past him, circling the confines of his room. To the untrained civilian, it looks random, as if Tony is shifting through each corner of the room, touching various objects and placing them elsewhere, going as far as shoving a sofa right up against the wall and pushing a decorative lamp away until it tipped over and fell. To Steve, he can see Tony making a clear path to the exit, taking care of blind spots and checking his weapons (Yes he saw the repulsor arm that Tony sneakily repositions by the bedside table).
“I don’t know about you, 'o powerful god, but I don’t see much compassion here.” Tony gestures at the slaughter around them.
The question makes him think, no one had ever asked him of this, mostly because he’s never actually anyone that his sense of smell had been so enhanced. “It’s two scents rolled into one, but I know that they’re two separate scents somehow, not sure how I know, just do.” He finds himself stroking along Clint's back, following the curve of his muscles.
There’s a soft click, followed by silence and then- “Hi, Steve.” It comes soft and sleep-drowned, raspy and an octave lower than usual, like Tony had just woken up and eavesdropped on him and JARVIS. “Are you colluding with my robot butler?”
Tony’s drunk. Drunk enough to let his best friend take his suit away from him, and trash his place. He’s angry, terribly so, that there is barely anything he can control anymore.
Tony grits his teeth, unmoved despite the kicked puppy look Stevos gives him. He must look like some petulant child, pouting and huffing at Stevos. But then what did that make the god? An absent father? He’s had enough of those, thank you very much.
Blissfully hot and steamy, he sinks right into the tub, groaning in delight as the burn quickly turns into a warmth that envelops his entire body. The tub, of course, like everything that Tony owns, is huge, big enough to hold four other people with plenty of room to spare. There were even setting that would shoot jets of water around.
The sky is well dark by the time he finishes. Mentally exhausted, he closes the laptop. Finally done with every gory detail. With a sigh, he tucks the laptop away.
“Silly mortal. I’ve told you already. A minor god needs only his Patrons to stay in form. I do not wish for more power, only enough to help those who truly need me.”
They’re silent for a while, Tony processing what has been said but coming to a loop. All the times where he raged and ranted at the god, when he thought that Stevos wasn’t going to help him. His drunken tirades, his inexcusable greed, the anger that boiled deep in his only showed his true colors. Stripped of hope, he had turned into an angry greedy man, to the only being that he could harm.
He’s getting back into the groove of things, his shield feels good in his hand, and the missions give him purpose.
“I’ll mostly be down here, working. You don’t have clearance for this place, but if you tell JARVIS, I can come right up.”
Steve feels so exhausted, but he forces himself up, uses the bathroom to clean himself, wiping between his legs, washing his face, gargles his mouth even if the taste of cock won’t go away until he properly brushes. He's shaking and shivering afterwards, the towels too thin to be much help, but it’s a neccesity, and he shuffles around for his clothes to go home.
“Yikes.” Tony laughs, the sound melodic and carefree to Steve’s ears. He smiles and feels his chest warm, the fingers on his scalp sending him to another heaven.
He eyes them apprehensively. It had been easier when he was all alone, playing with his hands while he waited. Somehow, he ought to strike up a conversation, even if it’s something as simple as a ‘hello’ and ‘weather’s been terrible’, but he’s beaten to the punch.
The god had come visit as he had promised, around almost every other night. They talk, mostly, carefully skirting around more ominous topics and instead focus on lighter subjects. When Tony had asked if it was possible that Stevos be visible to others, the god merely smiled. Which made a blare of alarm as JARVIS informed him of the intruder. The bots also freaked out, Dummy rolled off into a corner, and U tried to spray Stevos with the fire.extinguisher. Needless to say, it caused quite a mess, and Stevos was incredibly apologetic about it. Which leads to second thing that they do.
Tony hands it to Steve to hold. It’s nothing like his actual shield, except for the color and diameter, and it’s in scraps. The weight is all wrong, and he’s certain that it is of another material as well. It’s also the closest thing he’s been given that remotely resembles his shield, and it sends a clench to his gut.
There's a silence as Steve makes his way to the door. Hesitation as he looks back. "Can I just… Hug you before I leave?"
It’s an Alpha’s cock for sure, large and thick, knot half-formed at the base already. Steve kisses around it, taking extra care on Tony’s inner thighs, inhaling the musky scent of him.
His Ma justs holds him tighter. “Can we please have a minute?” She tells the men. “Just a minute, we won’t take too long.” They look at each other and nod in understanding.
, kind of thing. And yet, he remains speechless as Frank takes it out of the box, unclasps the lock and holds it out expectantly at Steve.
“No.” Steve breathes, the laughter taking away the breath in his lungs. “You broke Steve Rogers, U.S. citizen.”
The bed dips as Tony nestles back into the sheets, Steve automatically throwing an arm around his body, pressing his nose to his chest, seeking the scent and warmth of him. He’s careful not to lean on the arc reactor, noticed early on that Tony wasn’t comfortable with it even when the Alpha didn’t say so.
But it’s the same, he’s through another set of doors, a viewing room of sorts. Except, this time there are a couple of other Omegas around. Figures, it was later in the night, more Alphas free with their time than in the afternoon, so of course there’d be a couple more Omegas to fill in that gap.
Tony raises a brow but adjusts in his seat and holds up his hand regardless. They quickly shake hands and Steve takes the chair directly in front of Tony, with a table separating them. He tries to smile at him once he’s found his seat but Tony doesn’t even bother smiling back.
“Oh yeah, ‘cos that’s the easy way out, huh? Settling for you, bud?” When Steve doesn’t reply with anything, Bucky places his chin on the crown of Steve’s head, heavy, warm, feels silly like when they were kids and Bucky shot up six inches over Steve. “I’d never settle for anyone less than you.”
No, that couldn't be it, not when Tony had been so calm over the phone, if not a little hazy. And JARVIS himself was calm, though Steve wondered if JARVIS could even show worry through anything less than a rude retort.
It’s a beat and the mood changes, the growl of the Alpha, his Heat drawing him in, the overbearing urge to roll over and present himself but he can’t with the Alpha on top of him, pinning him on the bed, grinding a rough denim bulge to Steve’s bare ass that would just rub his skin raw if it goes for any longer.
“Go ahead Steve, tell me what I should do when you give up.” Lacks venom, like Bucky’s finally tired of arguing with him.
In fact, Steve is surprised that Fury would allow a team so pack-like to exist. But maybe it only means he isn’t worried of being usurped from his own position.
“It doesn’t count when there’s no actual fire. There was a lot of residual smoke, that was it, that’s to be expected from a chemical reaction. It’s not my fault-”
“Oh, don’t be like that!” Justin chuckles. “Tony’s an old friend, we don’t always see eye to eye but that’s a minor detail.” He regards Steve, a weird look in his eye. “But you're new, nobody even knows where you came from, fresh on.the scene. Either that or Tony has you squirrelled away somewhere secret.” Justin waves his hand but then it lands on Steve’s knee, clanging warning bells in his brain.
“No, test.” Stevos gives him a look. “This poisoning is caused by your technology. I am not adept to healing as others, but I-” He touches the arc reactor again, almost like he’s trying to get the feel of it. “It is connected to you. To your heart. Often the most difficult to heal.”
Why would any Alpha or Beta want a sickly Omega? A burden. He’d be no good for raising children, not when the housework would pile up while he lay sick in bed.
“Honestly Steve, you’re smarter than you think you are.” Tony gives him a look. He doesn’t know what it means yet except it’s soft eyes and warm smiles. Generally good signs.
the paragon of truth, justice and virtue. Surely you know what’s good for you and all things America. I’m just saying, a little time to yourself wouldn’t be so bad.”
So he stares down at the terrorist, even as his yells get more and more irritated, gun pointed aggressively at him until the man presses the tip of the rifle right to Tony’s forehead.
"I guess." Steve smiles despite himself. Of course, Tony just had to change the world, even while he was battered and bruised. "When's the trip?"
“Please don’t tell SHIELD.” It comes out as a near whimper. Steve had been dreading that the most, he’d kept it to himself for a reason. What would happen if they were to know? More Psychiatrists? Would they lock him up? He’d just gotten Natasha’s approval. If they knew that he woke up to nightmares at least once a week, what would they think? Would they even allow him to go on missions? Would they even let him outside?
So I missed a couple of weeks. No excuses from me, I suck, stuff going on in my life I'd rather not get too deep into right now.
They sit there for a while, Tony lying on top of him to keep them warm, Steve’s hand on the base of his spine, until the sun rises, the dark skies slowly brightening with color, and the first sounds of the morning reach their ears.
And it’s that awkardness that makes Steve think that Ed doesn’t frequent mating blocks himself. “I’ll think about it.”
“Thanks a lot, faggot, glad you understand sense.” They laugh and ride off with the bike, hooting and hollering.
“You too Steve. Mr. Stark’s a little rough around the edges, but you’ll get used to him.” It was the only sort-of bad thing he’s said about Tony all day.
“Sorry, should have warned you about that. Wouldn’t want it to go loose while in action.” Tony sounds not very apologetic at all. “Anyway, stretch out your fingers, let it recalculate.”
Hope ya'll like it. Thanks for the kudos and comments, and don't worry about the donation stuff, it's only for whoever is interestes but you can still find it
Hawkeye finally acknowledges him with a tight-lipped nod, obviously not excited about the idea, but has the bearings of a man who knows better than the disobey direct orders.
“Dunno, I’d have to check in with SHIELD if I can go.” He’s surprised by the bitterness in his tone.
“Nothing that requires that.” There’s almost amusement in AI’s voice. If an AI could be amused, JARVIS has it down pat. “Merely that the meeting had not ended well, and Sir is currently having trouble collecting himself.”
“Too stupid too.” But he can sense her bitterness. “I need to have a chat with Loki, see you later, Captain.”
There’s no affirmation, but Tony lets Steve take him by the hand through the halls, eyes focused solely on Steve as Jarvis guides them.
Sometimes, Steve forgets how powerful Tony truly is, between his status, company, money and sheer willpower.
Panicked, Steve latches onto Tony. “No, I’m fine. Really.” He adds at Tony’s disbelief. He was making a mess of the night, after Tony had been so nice to ask him to accompany him and get him a suit. “I-I think a drink. A drink would be good.” He just needs time to calm down, get his thoughts in order.
“Ugh. No. Robot are way cooler. They don’t pee or shit all over the place. Also. Engineering. Technical design. A beautiful mesh of metal and battery. Robots!” As if that explains everything.
Frank looks over him, their arms pressed together as they walk. “It’s not that.” A thoughtful pause, a recollection of thoughts. “You’re not helpless, anyone who’s known you for five minutes would know that.”
But now, he has all the choice in the world to go where he wants, do whatever he might like and maybe that scares him a little.
Steve awakes with a jolt, mouth dry from panting, his skin still feels cold like it's been pressed against ic. Even his limbs feel too heavy to move. But he can feel his heart, beating against his chest, loud and strong and
“Hey, Steve. Eyes up.” There’s a hand on his shoulder, the familiar scent of safety and earth enveloping him. Steve chances a peek, and is met with concerned brown. Eyes that tell him it’s going to be alright. “You okay?”
“Sure, I could go for some brinner.” Tony says, cradling his cup and taking another sip before he stares suspiciously around the lab. “So you found the hot plate I see.”
Stillness, the most motionless he’s ever seen Tony. Tony who’s normally buzzing with energy and fraught with thought- Looks speechless.
“Then we come back.” Howard stares at him, something incredibly stubborn and mad in his eyes. “Over.” He pauses. “And over.” He pauses. “
“It doesn’t matter what they think, not to me.” Tony explains. “And that shouldn’t be your concern. People will say what they have to say, and they’ll quiet down until the next big thing.It’s not all that bad, makes for a good laugh every once in a while.”
Thankfully Tony is a good enough distraction, as he walks up to Steve in his swanky outfit, but he keeps an eye on Clint, just in case.
“And I did. You had me ensure Pepper’s safety. She is in her home right now, shaken but fine. Happy is with her, they will have each other for now.”
in all the ways that mattered. He doesn’t know how to explain it, just a gut feeling in his stomach.
When Steve does return from a shower, with fresh-clothes, he finds Tony asleep on the couch, half-falling over.
He doesn’t bother getting dressed. The part of him dreads and yet welcomes the next part just to have it over with. Claiming. The Alpha will do it. It’s why he’s had Steve take a bath. Get rid of all the other scents, to leave his own on Steve. And then after Claiming it would…
They pull apart with matching smiles. Steve turns to Phil and shakes his hand, the agent wearing a conservative smile.
It starts out slow, a careful almost curious dance as they take in each other's taste. Steve, already half-gone from Tony’s scent alone, feels himself falling further as he samples the man. He tastes of dark promise and night skies, cool, clean, and it makes him well aware of the dampness between his legs.
As they munch on food, they hit a few museums, sightsee for all it’s worth, listen to sidewalk musicians and walk through parks.
He hadn’t been lying to Rhodey. The adrenaline, the excitement of flying again, fear of death, his heart in his throat, it exhausted him. He’d been ready to crash into bed were it not for Stevos.
It was a moment before the door opened. Steve quietly wondering if one of the bots or Tony would answer, kept his surprise hidden when a black man opens the door, his eyes roaming him from head to foot, a tightness to his lips when he says, “He said you'd be coming.” Takes a step back to let Steve in.
Stevos doesn’t greet him at the door, in fact, Tony has high hopes that the god has plain fucked off because of Tony’s shit, if it meant he wouldn’t have to face the music.
“There, there, I know. But it’s biology. High-level Omegas are rare, rarer than high-level Alphas. A longer Heat means there are more choices for the Omega for a potential mate, the Alphas would weed themselves out, figure out which of them would be the best and strongest for the Omega. Worst case scenario, a couple of high-levels Fight it out, and the winner gets to stay.”
“Yeah, but does that mean you can’t visit? Like, you’re so vague on whether or not you can come around. How am I suppose to know if you have some god stuff that you need to do? What if
Author note: So rather than bore everyone with excuses as to why this has taken so long. I want to take this space to just thank everyone who’s read and has been reading the fic. Every now and then I still get emails notifs from AO3 that someone has left a kudos or a comment, and honestly it boggles my mind that it’s been almost 2 years and people are still finding the fic somehow. So yeah, thank you. It kept the fic alive in my mind, a small reminder every few days… And now…
She treated him to some hotdogs and promised that they’d take a few more trips outside, as many as necessary.
“I asked if he could take a bath, he said yes he could, so I let his little ass be and this is what I get. Oh, no. Tony, you couldn’t just have made sure he was fine, you just had to run off and do your own thing. God those pheromones are strong. Naked Omega with an attitude and-”
“It was… Kind of like that. I had orders, except the orders were in my brain. Couldn’t get em out, it was like watching everything through my own eyes, I couldn’t stop myself, the thought didn’t even come up.” Clint worries the hem of his shirt.
Hey look, my first late submission. Welp. I was out of town for most of last week, up at 7 and then going back to the motel at 11 at night, too tired to do anything other than lie down.
The Alpha lounges on the chair like he owns the place (does he?), eyes quickly flickering up to meet his when he entered. Steve keeps his face neutral, or as neutral as can be. For all the research and insight that Natasha may have given him, he still couldn’t get an exact foothold on the Alpha in front of him. There were too many insults from the internet, and it seemed even Natasha had some mixed reviews on him. (Iron Man, yes. Tony Stark, no.)
But there were still remarkable differences between tending a bullet wound, and injuries caused by going into a space worm’s mouth and blasting it from inside out.
Steve blinks, but follows Brock’s instructions, a certain amount of beans and cocoa, until he’s got the pot to start its drop. “He hates the machine stuff, says it messes with the beans and shit, taste doesn’t come out right.” Brock grumbles, obviously affronted that he’d been lectured about coffee. Not that Steve knows much about coffee, Abraham never liked it, preferred Tea to the roast. He can make out the curious smell of burn and chocolate that fills the kitchen.
Steve immediately jumps to his feet, muscles tightening in anticipation, hand already on his shield.
“It wouldn’t be a waste.” Bucky snarls. “You’re worth so much more than some goddamn paper. Don’t you get that?”
“Don’t talk about him like that.” Tony snaps, suddenly flaring. “You’re barely hurt, have some painkillers and sleep it off.”
The words warm him. "And I want to be here too." He means it, relaxing, happily leaning closer into the Alpha's space.
Letting the reel of his father’s documented speeches is his way of making amends. He hadn’t honored him much in life, it had been difficult living in the constant shadow of his old man, and his father hadn’t exactly been the most nurturing parent but he needed something for the press.
A little bit late, but it's still sunday so I made it. Stuff came up, emotional stuff, so that's whatever. Also I went to see TMNT and Warcraft, had some ideas for maybe one-shots or shorts. Maybe you guys want me to fill a few prompts? Idk, comment below.
“They’re all virgins, of course.” The curator puffs his chests in pride. “Only the finest are allowed to be sold here at The Gallery.” Which is the most
With everyone's opinions from last chapter, here's what I've decided on. There might not be a chapter next week, fair warning.
He doesn’t like it, feels too much like prying into lives of innocent people, but he does the best he can.
“Not right now though. I’ve got a needy little Omega in bed, desperate for a big strong Alpha to take care of him.” Tony coddles, chasing away the snarling Omega instincts with a few words and warm hand on his back.
That gets Clint’s head turning, smell of surprise over the tang in the air, and there’s a rustle of sheets when he sits up. “Sure, I don’t mind.”
“Tony Stark will be providing anything and everything you need, Captain. He is legally obligated to do so.” Phil says, eyeing the piece of paper (Third revision since Phil got a hold of it), shuffling through the pages that held Steve’s entire life until his heat was over. Evidently he finds nothing wrong with it because he sets it down again, looking content.
“Aww, baby Rogers gonna c-c-cry too?” The first kid mocks, quivers a lip right in front of him. They laugh and goad him, making faces as they surround him.
“No, okay, the shank is good.” Steve says thinking, making his way to the refrigerator. Perfectly organized with, Steve assumes, all the food that Tony could eat. It’s no difficulty at all to get all the ingredients he needs.
Hitching up his bag, he nods to the driver that Tony sent. The man introduces himself as Happy Hogan, a nice enough Beta, they shake hands, Happy takes his bag and he is ushered into the car. With that, he leaves S.H.I.E.L.D., the building a distant view from the backseat.
Tony holds out a thin gold chain, the alloy woven intricately in uncertain pattern, like wires twisted together and then unravelled.
“Don’t ever underestimate a weapon, Rogers. Especially one you can conceal.” Clint had said when Steve had looked skeptically at the blade.
The Alpha at least has the manners to let the couple settle their dues before he starts to bother Steve.
“Your ‘sorry’ doesn’t help me, does it.” He spits back, almost regretting his tone when Stevos flinches back but otherwise says nothing.
Steve learns that there are a lot of kids here who don’t even know their parents. Some of them say they’ve been here for as long they can remember, and they’re just waiting to be adopted like the rest of the kids who get to leave.
That had been a doozy too, even now when someone could pay for his comfort, he couldn’t actually take it because of this body.
When Tony doesn’t react, not even a peep, Steve grumbles and nuzzles his head to Tony’s bicep, sniffing wildly at the man’s scent. There was no sharp tang, no anger or irritation, nor was there any bitterness that might have hinted dissatisfaction. Just Tony’s grounding scent, full of life, and calm.
He’s never felt so much guilt as he did when Tony casts his disappointed stare at him, the curl of his lips, the sadness that seeps from him.
Steve snorts, but takes a seat, one of many, realizes that they’re all facing towards the window for better viewing for the Alphas. “I suppose. Don’t think it’s much of a job though.”
“Mr. Stark!” Jasper calls out, but Tony’s already out by the lobby. “Did you- Did you not like our surprise?” Jasper says, flustered.
“You really should get yourself checked by a doctor, a professional one.” Steve chides, an insistent finger on Tony’s chest.
The fantasy would whisper, a soft fondle to his tits. That got him harder, slicker down south. There’d be phantom pressure on his ass, a cock pressed inside, clinging to the idea of being fucked open.
The Alpha wastes no more time, his cock sliding easily into his pliant body, grinding his hips as he bottoms out, his balls pressed up against Steve’s cheeks. The Alpha’s cock is larger than the dildo, and feels like a furnace inside of him, burning away the desperation.
Steve just couldn’t condone that, thousands of lives lost, just because an Alpha couldn’t admit that retreat was an option.
No excuses. Just tired from work, I went from working 8 hours a day for 5 days a week to 10 hours a day for 6 days a week, so yeah. Most of the time I'm too sleepy, haven't adjusted well to waking up earlier. I did just come back from a week of vacation though, so don't feel too bad for me.
When the fighting is done, and his brand-kicking-new arc reactor is down to fifteen percent, he lands on a particular rooftop. It doesn’t surprise him that Stevos is there waiting, in his soldier outfit and shield held abreast. Not a scratch on him, nor a hair out of place, but he has a stony look about him.
Tony’s going to die anyway, and he knows it. There are no medical supplies in their little camp, nothing to stop him from bleeding out, it would be a miracle if he lasted the day.
Steve has an inkling, of course. Maybe this was Tony’s way of asking for him to come, where he can finally return the phone, and clarity could be made. It was too expensive a gift to ignore, he felt almost at debt to the Alpha.
There’s a hitch of breath and rustle of clothes before the Alpha is back on him, kissing him fiercely, cupping his face with tenderness that melts his insides. Steve breaks the kiss with a gasp, the dildo inside of him being slowly removed and the feeling wasn’t pleasant at all.
Clint is right next to him, touches him on his arm, shoulder, skin, tiny moments of inquiry, a language Omegas know by instinct. And Natasha too, a solid presence in the room, not as close as Clint was but just enough to make Steve feel safe, none at all commandeering, as if saying
"No." Tone curt. "I'm not. Like Steve. It's really fucking hard to tell you every detail after almost being burned to ash. Could you just not be like this right now?" The heart rate monitor's beeps steadily increase.v
It’s a quiet moment of misery before Natasha answers from the passenger seat. “There’s been a decline in Omega population as of late, no better market to sell them in.” Sounds as grim as it was. And Steve can make the connection from there. Slaves, or whatever equivalent it was to the present standard, forced servitude to the will of the buyer. There was more than one way to imprison a human.
Steve scowls, shoulders still wound tight, brows furrowed tight. But he’s alone now, or he can trick himself enough to believe it. Even for just a moment.
“I tell 'em, my gun has been acting up. Magazine won’t slide in perfect, sometimes a bullet jams in the chamber, and it doesn’t fire at all when it rains.” Steve shrugs. “He says, doll. That’s all easy. I can fix all that
“Where do I begin… Well! There are three tiers, high-level, mid-level and low-level, applicable to each gender.” Tony starts, frowning like he’s missing something but then shakes his head. He presses a firm hand to his neck, eliciting a sigh from Steve before continuing. “It’s easier to derive levels by scent, but also a lot more personal. There are more precise methods, like blood tests and salivary testing, but generally there are nuances in scent. I’m not surprised that you didn’t know, SHIELD notwithstanding, since studies about the three tiers only started in the eighties, when Omega populations started declining.”
Steve widen just the slightest, ears turning a shade of red. He casts a nervous glance at Tony, who simply laughs, not looking bothered at all. If anything he looks amused.
’ group, which made it difficult for even bonded Omegas to find decent work. Factories wanted either a stable Alpha or Beta than a
Stevos has shrunk, that is what Tony concludes, and what his brain decides to catalogue this phenomenon. Gone are the perfect edges that would make underwear models weep, instead there small curves that
“It’s nothing, Cap. Just being a team player.” Steve winces at the bitterness Tony doesn’t try to hide. “Anyway, I’ve got a meeting at with my manufacturers later-ish.” Tony makes a movement towards the door.
Jasper only nods, all the patience in the world on his face and instead gives the envelope to Steve, who still looks slightly dazed from the drug, but accepts the envelope nonetheless. Tony is quick to usher them out and into his car. He has to help Steve into the passenger side, wary of how the sweet scent makes his legs wobble.
He nods even as he holds his breath. It’s strangely not humiliating to be seen like this. Steve had never played off his weaknesses, didn’t like being thought little off by bullies. Somehow there’s dignity in admitting his dreams, of his fears, the quiet torment that only he knew, shared out in the open for once.
Stevos sits up, starts making hushing sounds and cups Tony’s face in his palms. “Calm, Anthony, calm.” He says in that deep commanding voice, strokes a thumb over Tony cheek, brings him in close and lets Tony rest his tear-drenched cheeks on his chest.
“I d-don’t know.” The older kids probably decide that somehow, maybe the big kids get together and talk about it. Steve wouldn’t know.
The boy, George, is a good amount taller than Steve, has black hair and a pudgy face, and quickly shoves whatever he had in his hand under his pillow.
There’s disbelief, and then shame, before Tony seems to realize their proximity and promptly jumps back as if burned. “Fuck. That’s not.” Tony cuts off, breathing hard. “That’s not what I meant, and you know it. If you want to throw it away, it’s fine. The phone is yours, I gave it to you.” He says, calmer by a margin.
anyone who opened with that statement, but go ahead, get this train wreck moving.” He can see the curiosity in Tony’s eyes, scents the carefully controlled dissatisfaction. “A lot of people knew my father, I’m not particularly impressed when people mention it.”
It dawns on him. Energy, Stevos lends him energy. Strength in it’s most basic sense. Power, the kind that can be transferrable between two bodies. Suddenly, it’s not magic at all, just science. The god must have a conduit of some kind, stable enough to transfer energy from one being to another, if he could just harness-
The Alpha narrows his eyes, his next words are more forceful, the sharp bite of command has Steve’s senses singing.
Clothes are discarded and Tony mauls his chest with vigor, twirling a tongue on his nipple that has him chortling with laughter.
“Stop glaring. God, you’re gonna set me on fire with that look. I told’ja before ‘bout what I thought, and you go behind my back anyway.” Bucky says, tossing his spoon into the half-empty bowl like it’s done him harm. “You know what they say ‘bout what happens in ‘em mating blocks. Omegas fucking lose their lives over there and no one gives a shit. Omegas get hit by Alphas they don’t know, and that’s not even the
Tony chuckles. “That’s because it wasn’t manufactured by the military in the first place. See, vibranium as a metal is extremely rare. Unlike copper or iron, which are common minerals, there’s only so many known vibranium deposits in the world. Want to hazard a guess as to how the U.S. military got ahold of enough for your shield?”
“-spoke her- I don’t believe you.” He sneers, throws a hand in the air aggressively, wrinkling the sleeve of the
Steve places his feelings aside for the mean time, focuses on helping each and every Omega out of the facility and into support vans, huddles over scared Omegas, and offers gentle words for them. There’s a strained scent in the air, sour with fear and confusion, wide eyes and stares, while most are led away, too silent. Drugs, if he has to guess, to keep them quiet and obedient. Steve hates it.
Frank’s seems pleased with himself for receiving an offhand compliment. “He’s just watching out for ya. He’s your friend, ain’t he?”
Horror washes over Steve as Tony returns with the drinks, looking surprised, switching back and forth from Steve and then to Justin on the floor. How was he going to explain this? God, he’d ruined the night.
“Yours is, like freshly stacked hay, nice, the smell of old paper and ink.” He finally decides, rolls that in his mind and can’t think of anything else that that is a close approximation. “And over that, freshly peeled oranges, a slight bitterness of the peel that adds to the scent, and wood dust.”
“You did good work today.” She starts, letting her appreciation be known, an encouraging smile on her face. “I think you’re ready.”
He waits until Clint settles down again, when his scent dampens down from the crackle of emotion he must be going through before he pops the question.
Tony grumbles his distaste of the situation. He would think that his mom would be the last person to try and saddle him up, after years of being coddled and fended off from Howard’s plans, it was a surprise that she would have suggested something his father would actually
“And in exchange? Why tell me all this now? What was that Patron thing that the green guy talked about?”
And yet his Ma was doing fine for the both of them, working in the hospital as a nurse, helping where she could and being treated nicely for her hard work.
“Lights J, and pull back the curtains.” Because there honest to God curtains in the lab. Steve rolls his eyes.
“I like listening to you talk.” Steve smiles sheepishly. “I like it when you explain things, even when I don’t understand half of it, but it feels easy because it’s you.”
Tony takes him out of the room immediately, uncaring of the Heat-scent that still wafts around Steve. It’s another spit in the face of The Gallery, he hopes, and it’s nice to see Steve blush when heads are turned as they pass, even if it’s just from Betas.
“It’s fine, seriously Cap, don’t sweat it.” Tony waves it off, keeps his eyes on him regardless. “Now, what’s got your panties in a bunch? Hammer? What the
“Oh, I don’t know.” Tony says. “A kiss on the cheek? Flutter those pretty blues for me? One flutter for 'Get this creep off me’, two flutters for 'Let’s got out of here’?
“He’s purring.” Andrew says in wonder when he scratches Steve’s scalp, sending a tendril of pleasure down his neck and shivers on his spine. His mind feels oddly blank, not the same kind of numbing emptiness like in Heat, filled with only desire and wants, but simply… Odd and calm.
It’s no surprise that they break apart into their own spaces, the friction amongst them almost palpable.
His heat isn’t due for another couple of month, but even that timeline hedge of uncertainty. They weren’t sure yet if being frozen had affected his cycle, as they’d based this current timeline from when he was still in war, when his body would have shut down on any imperative to breed unless he was suitably comfortable, which had only happened twice post-serum.
Steve cums with a jolt, splattering semen all over the sheets and clamping down hard on the Alpha’s cock.
He breathes hard when Stevos lays him on the bed, feels utterly hopeless underneath his gaze. Part of him is still anxious that the god will just leave, the other part of him hates to see the god so sullen and unsure. The hesitation between them is Tony’s fault, he knows it, even while Stevos might not say it.
Tony looks almost proud. “No, of course not. It’s a fantasy, your submission to me. I know it's already a gift when you were in heat, damn sassy and demanding.” He smiles fondly at the memory.
Steve gulps. There was no underlying tone, no hint of aggression, but he’s still wary. Living with an Alpha was- Back in his day, it would have meant something different, and people would look at you different too.
The man on the couch is undeniably Stevos, Tony would recognize that jawline anywhere, but there’s something utterly and obviously wrong. Instead of the normally bulky, muscular god, there lays a small button a blonde.
“Is that okay?” Steve feels terrible for suddenly getting in the middle of it, especially when it was as if he’d forgotten Tony and his texts. He hadn't been there for Tony, in the capacity that he could have. He makes a promise to himself to check his phone more often.
“Nah, it’s alright. ’Sides, I got you way more times, you just heal too damn quick.” Clint tosses back jovially, throwing the knife into the air and then catching it between his fingers, and then shakes his head when Steve motions to give him back the shiv.
“But then Stark was kidnapped. He came out of it with a suit of armor and a new collection of sensibilities. Later, he announced to the world that he was Iron Man.”
Yes. Smells like Tony. Still warm. The soft cloth brushes against his bare skin, the curve of his ass fitting snugly as he relaxes on it, the netting of the chair just an afterthought.
“I’m real sorry Clint.” He had tried to apologize, feeling horrible for going too aggressive and causing the man some pain.
He thinks venomously, even while he digs into the meal he’d prepared for the both of them. It’s not even anything really fancy, just a hunk of pork, boiled and made into stew over the stove with a few vegetables he managed to beg off Mr. Stiles. His mom had always been good at making a good meal out of ordinary food, even it were from scraps. It’s still the best meal they’ve had in weeks, at least it’s warm and fills their bellies, fends of the cold that creeps into the house even with boarded windows. Bucky doesn’t just
on the list, didn’t I personally end his report with ‘never again in a million years’?” Clint said, disgruntled that a
There’s silence for a while, Steve can hear Tony’s breath over the phone. “I miss you.” Breaks the silence, Tony’s voice cracks over the line.
That makes him suck a breath, shift in his befire ultimately stands, away from Steve and into their little bathroom. Steve hears the tap open, drips of water pouring out, Bucky splashing his face with it.
Tony holds it, sturdily in tight hands. Steve swears he can see his eyes glaze over for a moment, taking note of the shield and flipping it over to look at it.
Steve had been lucky to have he received a high school education with the encouragement of his mother, and had gotten into college. Most Omegas, especially those from poor families, could only ever afford to go to government-mandated Omega schools for their education, which focused more on how Omegas were suppose to act rather than how they could.
“Yes, their carcases lay scattered around your exhibit. The other mortals have been evacuated, no deaths, and injured parties have been carried away for healing.”
“Yeah okay, no need to get all philosophical on me.” Tony dismisses, pushing away Stevos’s hands from his chest.
“Rubberducks are stand ins, as audiences, as clients, as fellow coders. They’ll look at your with their judging eyes, and stupid smile, pretending to understand everything you say even when they don’t. But they’ll be there for you, night and day, combing through each every line of code right alongside you until you’ve found the error at last.” Tony’s grin widens, the hologram he’s fiddling with turns compact again. Now that Steve can see it, it kind of resembles a watch.
“OKAY! Steve Rogers, Phil Coulson.” He points from Steve to the Agent. “Super Agent, Captain America. I’ve done my duty, bye.” And with that he marches away in a brisk pace.
“You’ve been doing this, all along.” He says after a beat. He sort of knows what it does. God magic or whatever. Stevos had said so before, he would lend him his strength.
Finally, it seemed he was finished deliberating. “The last time Mr. Stark had exhibited similar signs of distress was when he had first returned from Afghanistan. It was seventy three days before Sir could sleep for over five hours, and another fifty five before he stopped awaking to nightmares.”
Steve sucks on him, dazed himself, lathers Andrew up with his tongue and tastes the musk of him. He’ll never admit it outloud, but it’s a different satisfaction having a hard cock in hia mouth, that send happy tingles to his brain and spine.
Tony sighs. “Yes. They probably did. But you’re sweating out all the pheremones they must have pumped into you. And it’s very distracting. So I’d like it if you could wash it off.”
Barton was suppose to be with us this evening, to help ease this situation but as you can see we are one Agent Barton short.”
It’s only for a second, but his mind prolongs the moment, makes it feel like five, before the thoughts come pouring in, silent horror at his own actions.
There’s a beat of silence, before Steve starts moving, peeling off the shirt, folds it very slowly, and carefully sets it on the counter. He moves to unbutton his pants, but then freezes, and stares weakly at Tony.
. They got him all wrong in the books, made him sound like a lost puppy licking at my heels, when it was the damn opposite of it. Bucky was smart, real smart. Interested in science and how the world was changing. Nevermind when we were kids, we were both dumb and stubborn. Out in the field, didn’t know the first thing about being a Captain. Buck was a Sergeant for longer than I was enlisted, he had the respect of all of em cos they knew what he’d been through, he knew how to handle the men and give orders.” He gasps. “Me. I. I. I-”
“Yeah.” Andrew replies, all dazed and starry-eyed, looks at Steve in wonder. “Do they all feels this good?”
Steve traces a hand over the bike. It looks pristine, clean and taken care of, definitely not how he had left it. And certainly those bullies wouldn’t have bothered to keep her in tip top shape.
that Steve would have come to expect from a man like Tony. Sparsely decorated, large windows that offer a view of the beach outside, pieces of furniture Steve would much more consider as
Yeah, okay. So Tony gets it. It sound archaic at best, but people wish for things all the time, ask guidance without a real name behind their prayers. And from that, the gods must get some kind of special juice for being wanted or whatever. Okay, he understand that.
“Yeah well, you’ve got a deadline, and I assume you’re gonna hide in your workshop for the time being?”
There’s a hush in the room, raised brows thrown in his direction but he ignores them, keeps his eyes on the Curator, the only person he needs to convey any meaning to, but even he looks taken by shock.
As gently as he can, he resettles Tony on the couch, hefts the rest of his body further into the paddings and uses the pillows to barricade him further. Tony squirms through the process, fighting against every movement until Steve let’s him be. He deflates, sinking into slumber, breath slowing down until Steve’s sure he won’t wake for a while.
James is an older kid, with dark hair and mean eyes. Eleven years old, already starting to show what orientation he falls under. The nuns say he’ll be an Alpha, on the count that he’s already five-two and still growing. James thinks it means that he gets to boss the other kids around. Steve thinks he’s just a big jerk.
He pushes that away, focuses back on thinking about breakfast. He’s been out most of the night, and Bucky’s probably at the docks for his early morning shift by now. If he hurries, he might have time to bring him something to eat.
Steve has to pause and think about it, wonders for the most part what Tony wants to hear. He knows the deep-seated resentment for his father, the way the man had basically shut out his son in favor of work. It was a glazed fact, underplayed only because Howard had had so many other successes that near everyone else felt that, while yes it was such a shame that the man hadn’t spent time with his son, it was almost expected. A sacrifice of family for work. It mattered very little in the long run, it seemed to many, since Tony had followed so closely in his father’s footsteps regardless.
His afternoon is then occupied by either Natasha or Clint. They’d reached an agreement between themselves without Steve knowing, as they took turns calling him out of his room for training.
Steve doesn’t understand the amount of trust given to him, something he so clearly hasn’t earned, suddenly given to him without preamble. He looks to Tony again, sleeping, curled underneath the blanket, face relaxed. Not in peace, Steve realizes, but in the blankness of dreamless sleep, a welcomed respite if Steve has to guess of the man’s night terrors.
“Shit, I have a meeting tomorrow morning.” Tony curses, tapping furiously into his tablet, eyebrows knitted together.
“C’mon c’mon, I gotta pet half of them at least.” Clint said excitedly on a particular occasion where there was a small event for a dog adoption campaign, almost like a kid as he bounced on the balls of his feet, impatiently waiting for Steve to grab some cash.
She tells him the signs of aggression as they watch a fight start to simmer. Two Alphas ready to fight.
Tony places a hand on Steve’s shoulder, sliding down the collar of his shirt, then further to his navel, and turns around. A request if anything.
“It wasn’t- You know, back then, if an Alpha owed some money, you bartered an Omegas time.” He remembers bitterly, haphazard comments and sneers, when people would goad Bucky into
Tony manages to cajole Stevos onto his back. With his legs spread, he looks about as wanton as he could be, and gorgeous to boot. Flushed chest, lean muscle, cock hard, legs spread obscenely wide for Tony.
And that was fine. He had Peggy after a while, which was worth it, to have someone who finally looked past his body and understand his soul. And she was good, and strong, and special. She was-
It’s an instant. Tony blinks and the Stevos before him is as he was, large and muscular, built like a brick wall and could probably tear one down too.
(The other Commandos would goad him for a drink when they could spare the time, severely disappointed that he couldn’t get drunk but then later rejoiced when it meant he could carry anyone who had passed out back to their camp with ease.)
It’s what he thinks about Tony anyway, a good man. A decent man. In a world that seemed to lack them.
Tony’s bring him back (from where?), making him aware of the tears that stream from his eyes, and the strangled whines he’d been tuning out had been coming from him. Tony’s running his hands on his face, wiping away the streaks of tears as he pants for breath.
Steve’s nipples pebble at the cold air, and he squirms from underneath Tony, bucking and thrusting as Tony flicks his wrist to bring Steve off, one hand on Steve’s shoulder to balance himself.
He’s still unsure when Nick Fury brings along two agent in tow the very next day. Natasha Romanoff, codenamed Black Widow, and Clint Barton, codenamed Hawkeye.
“I don’t think we’ve been introduced. Hammer. Justin Hammer.” He holds out a hand, which Steve shakes. “Ooh, good grip.”
“Heightened metabolism. Yes, I’ve been informed but Coulson would skin me alive if he hears that I’ve been feeding his idol scraps.” Tony looks amused at that. “Wait… He didn’t tell you he was a fanboy?”
But even now, Tony stands there, waiting for him, not taking anything at all. Just waits for his decision, non-imposing.
“Lean forward, hands on the couch, stick out your ass.” He barks out orders, and when Stevos puts his ass out, legs balancing him on the couch, spread just enough to see his hole, Tony loses it.
Tony takes his silence as a sign to keep talking. "And you must be thinking. Why now when we've been talking relatively fine for a few months now. Phone calls and texts are actually being answered now and- Hey which reminds me. Why did you stop responding to me after your Heat?"
Because a question of 'on a scale of one to ten, how much did he want to be fucked by Natasha’ was not normal, no matter what anyone said. He spluttered his way into an answer, about how she hadn’t shown any interest, but she hadn't looked entirely convinced. Now he was even more confused about secondary gender etiquette.
Fury’s staring directly at Steve. And now so are Black Widow and Hawkeye, though they hide their surprise well under stoic gazes. It’s as if they are expecting him to suddenly take charge, say his part and be honored by the information.
It only takes two bullets for him crumple, Tony ripping out the cords as the suit goes online. Gritting his teeth, he empties his gun in front of him, switching to the flamethrower when he run out.
“Heya Tony, I was back in DC and I thought I should tell you. Uhm. I wanted to give back the phone you gave me, so if there’s a way I can send it back safely, do tell me. If you ever want to catch up, I’m free on weekends. Bye.”
“Oh, g-god, Tony.” Steve groans, wrapping his arms around the alpha, thrusting into the hand that continues to torture him. He knows he hasn’t got long, not with Tony’s clever mouth flicking and sucking his chest, not with Tony’s scent putting his body in overdrive.
He’d seen the arc reactor before, though never without clothing. Before Tony can take notice of his hesitation Steve lavishes the power source with licks, taking careful attention to where the body met metal. The saltiness of Tony’s sweat-drenched skin and the clean taste of alloy making Steve’s head spin. By the sound of Tony’s moans, he is enjoying the attention.
Steve blinks and looks at Tony’s frown. He's a bit pale from the blood loss and pain, but looks determined.
Or Michael, who bought him a drink and then started to try and flirt with him, only later he admitted that his friends had dared him because they thought that Steve wouldn’t give him the time. Steve blushes at that, flattered that Michael, a tall dark-haired Alpha, even thought about him like that.
“If you’re going to ask, just get it over with.” Clint grumps, wriggling in Steve’s arms in some discomfort.
“I only asked why you made Dummy, since you’re always saying such mean things to him. I don’t understand why you keep him, that’s all.” Steve looks at the little claw-armed bot, who was politely clicking his (Did robots have genders?) claw at him.
It’s a little easier than he remembers, half-hard cock in his mouth. Easier to take him to the base like this, the tip of his nose pressed to coarse hair, the first flutter in his mouth as Tony’s cock hardens. He nearly gags when it flexes, pushing deep inside his throat, resettles his hold on the base while he takes the cock over and over again, jaw slack and careful.
Stevos is timid in his venture, or perhaps polite, but he keeps his hands on Tony’s hips as they kiss. He presses his tongue to swipe at Tony lips, seeking entrance which Tony grants, groaning as that tongue ravages his mouth.
I could wait. But I couldn’t stop myself from checking up on you, worrying, maybe a little bit too much.” He looks at him almost embarassed, and Steve would have believed him if it weren’t for the hand that continued to fondle his chest through his shirt.
He laughs when Tony slaps his ass appreciatively, a shudder running through his body as the high of orgasm ebbs away from his body. His Heat would end soon, the hormones would remain for a few more hours but he was free from the thick of things at least.
Tony nods enthusiastically, continues fiddling with his hologram, twists and manipulates little pieces. “Exactly. Except it’s grammar with logic. Like. Imagine trying to explain something to someone in English, give them a task and then logical checks so that they do their jobs in a very specific way. Say, getting your groceries. You want them to get you chips. For the sake of data entry let’s say… Doritos, nacho cheese flavor, but only if they come in the biggest bag, and they aren’t over five bucks. If those aren’t available, then any cheese flavored chips will do, so long as the bag exceeds thirty grams, but then only has five grams of salt per serving. Now, explain all that in a Chinese or something, different grammatical rules, different terms. That’s basically how programming works. You’re speaking the computer’s language, and it can get insanely frustrating when you have to learn all kinds of different languages just to get something working.” Tony says all this while minor hand gestures, mostly still focused on his desk.
Steve can tell that she has a problem with him. Her expression gives her away. Underneath the makeup, he can still read the lines of hidden anxiety. Not to mention the smell of caution. “Tony’s very lucky to have someone like you worry for him.”
“And did you Heat regularly?” There was a pleasurable dig into his spine, forcing Steve to swallow a moan before he could answer.
When Stevos finally strokes his cock, it’s a dam breaking apart. Tony shakes withe force of his orgasm, cock shooting spurts of cum all over his chest, wet and utterly satisfied.
He’s not gentle, not in any of the ways he could be. It’s desperation and hunger rolled into one when he pushes his fingers into Stevos’s mouth, forcing those plush lips open, thumbs his chin when Stevos lathers his digits with spit.
“Aces.” Steve mutters letting out a breath as he settles into that thought. Yet another thing to add to his list.
Steve’s shoulders drop, he hadn’t noticed he’d had them so stiff before, sighing as places his empty cup on the table, eyes falling to his hands. “If this is just. Pity.” He hates that word too. “Then I can’t accept it. I can get by fine on my own. You don’t have to be nice to me just because SHIELD thinks I’m broken.” It’s almost like his asthma all over again, stuttered breaths as he tries to calm himself enough to take in air. It’s all in his head, his lungs are fine, he knows, but he struggles all the same.
It’s still a bit surreal. There are tubes and wires connected to Tony’s body, attached somewhere underneath the hospital gown, taking measurements and readings, but the screens are elsewhere unseen from the room.
He’s on the cusp of his Heat, a hair breadth away from losing himself to the deep need in his body, he can at least do this much out of his own volition.
"Well I'm glad you still have your humor intact" Steve relents, sighs, inches a hand on the blanket that covers Tony.
“Oh sweetie, please don’t cry.” His mom hushes, cupping his cheeks. Steve breaks free from the hands and he buries his face in his Ma’s blouse.
That was… Quite the offer. A strength of a god for him to use? And all he had to do was believe that Stevos was real.
Tony clicks his tongue impatiently, twirling the device and does a flick. The hologram breaks apart into smaller holograms, smaller gears and plates which Tony prods around. “Made him in highschool, modified him in college. He was my attempt at a rubber ducky solution.”
“You don’t? You didn’t mean?” Clint’s face turns into a scowl. “Someday, Steve. You, me, Nat. Movie marathon back at base. Action, suspense, tears! We’ll get a projector and everything, barf up popcorn, chocolate bars and candy.”
“Now with your pay… 20 cents an hour to start, we’ll see how well you do and maybe in a month or so we can bump it up to a quarter. Got it?”
before, they’d all believed his story of going down with the plane, and then waking up to this place. No one had bothered to ask about authenticity. He opens his mouth to protest but Tony cuts him off.
“Certainly Captain Rogers.” Comes the crisp voice from hidden speakers. “You can find a camera button on your phone, or alternatively I can scan the drawing if you were to place it properly in front of my cameras.
“And then the ice just… Was everywhere at once.” God, in the nightmares the ice was almost always instant, frost creeping all the way to his heart. As soon as he tried to catch his breath there would be jolt of pain to his chest, pierced worse than shrapnel, cold and unyielding. Every part of his body would feel frozen under its grasp, struggling didn’t matter, and any attempt was met with a sharp reminder of agony.
