The Genius didn't care what Fury or anyone wanted, as she did
Howard watched for a second before answering. "That's the rarest metal on earth. What you're holding there is all we've got."
"Do you hear that, Steve? Maria thinks we're too old. Where did Howard find her? Maybe, we can ask him. He would surely get a kick out of it."
You wouldn't think the man was hunched over due to how tall he stood in the shadows, but when he straightened up, he was half a foot taller than the Iron Man Suit, which meant he was over a foot taller than her out of it. That wasn't the only thing that shocked Toni, as he was bigger than his grace would lead her to believe. For the lack of a better word, he was stack of beef. Hidden under his black assassin wardrobe, Toni assumed were his Steve's level muscles, especially if he could keep up with the super soldier.
"Maybe I'm just that good," she replied.
"Yes." Maya replied, her eyes dropping to Toni's chest. She finally noticed the dog tags hanging from her neck, and after staring for a few long seconds, her curiosity was getting the better of her.
With a small laugh, she stared at his red face, not sure where he was going, but she wasn't going to try and figure out. She had to care to find out and she didn't care. "Okay," she said, turning from him. "And don't tell her that."
"Any change on that device?" Steve asked, leaning back against a counter with his sandwich in his hand.
"Okay, Tony," Steve says, slowly with a deep breath. His eyes wonder over Tony's form, hesitation present in his expression, as he gets to his feet. "I'll…I'll get more popcorn," he sighs as he turns away. There's a heaviness in his shoulders, and it looks like he has been slapped across the face. He looks like a kicked puppy.
"Toni," Howard called again.
"I am," he replied.
"But it is. If I didn't get into a fight with her and force her back in here, she wouldn't have been working on it," he paused, "She wouldn't be in danger if I just left her alone. Her chest piece could be not functioning right now, and it is my fault because I pushed her. I pushed the woman that I-" He stopped himself. He wasn't going to say it.
"Maybe, you should call Toni? Hearing her voice might make you feel better? She's an ass, a loveable ass, but she does care about you a lot." There was a softness in her voice as she spoke. It was almost like she was jealous, wishing that she had it. "No need to allow them to under your skin."
"If Stark was buying drugs, it wouldn't be from some street corner drug dealer," Clint said, looking between the two. "She probably has some doctor on call."
"D-Did I say that aloud?"
"Is that the only thing you know?" he asked.
"I can see it in her face," Clint said, holding the glass close to his lips. His eyes were narrow as he stared at her.
"Thanks," she said, slowly as she turned back to the stranger. "What?" she uttered, seeing nothing but dirt and stones. How did she miss the man disappearing? "Where the hell did he go?" she asked herself, as she scanned the surrendering area. There was no sign of the man in either direction, and all she could see was the empty trail in either direct for miles. There was footsteps going in both direction, but there was no way to tell age—well for Toni—of the footsteps or who they belonged too. There were just patterns on the ground.
Finding Stark Industries was easier than Toni first thought. She didn't know why she thought it be so hard, considering how big her father was at this time. She couldn't go down the street without hearing his name. His building, not as impressive as her tower, was huge and could be seen from a few miles away. The Stark logo wasn't as big as she thought it could be, but it drew enough attention from the people around. The color of the building was dreadful though, but she doubted that her father really cared what the color of his building was.
was, but he had to hide it, to keep it safe, which would keep her safe, and it was what he did for years.
Feeling like she was hit
Turning to Howard, she asked "What are you referring to? Do you think I'll work for you?"
"And how would I?" she asked. "You d-" She started but drifted off as she watched him.
Rogers gave her the look of disapproval, which was normal for him. He was always giving her that look. "I see that bump to the head didn't affect you." Again, there was something in his tone that Toni couldn't place. It was like he was mad or something, though it could be because he was Captain America again. "Shouldn't you be resting?"
Sam waved at them. "Any time you wanna stop by the VA, making me look awesome in front of the girl at the front desk, just let me know. She will get a kick out of this."
"I like a challenge," he replied, with a wink. Toni just laughed. "I can think-"
The man's eye brow rose as he offered a hand to the genius. "I wasn't expecting you, Miss Stark. I was looking for Miss Potts. However, it is a pleasure."
"Yes, Miss Stark." His voice was calming, relaxing. He was safe.
"A well deserve cell."
Toni was neck deep in an engine block, taking a break from her many suits. When she couldn't remember which mock armor she was on, she knew it was time take a step back, but she had no interest in going upstairs. She had no desire in answering anymore questions about the murdered drug dealer in Central Park. She also had no interest in talking about why she was outside in the middle of the night. And she really had no interest in talking about what she saw or what she thought she saw in the park. It was all in her head. That was all.
Her eye wandered to the sleeves of jacket and glared at the Corporal symbol. She didn't know how that was going to work, but it would be difficult as she wasn't one to listen without a fight, which was why she and Future Rogers didn't get along. He, like others, wanted her to listen without questions and that wasn't her. She had to ask questions; it was her nature.
"What got you scared?"
Toni's face lit up as she crossed Bruce. "Finally, someone who speaks English," she cheered as she patted the scientist on the shoulder.
"You're stubborn." She glared at him. "Don't give me that look. You are. What's haunting you?" He reached his hand to her, but she swapped it away.
Steve pushed off the door, a mixture of emotions running on his face. "Yes, Natasha," he answered, as he made his way to Toni. "I would rather throw myself off a building than hurt her, but if I do, I'm all yours." Toni felt her heart flicker, as Steve reached for her. Without hesitation, Toni took his hand and allowed herself to be pulled into his arms. Wrapping his arms around her, he placed a kiss to her forehead. "I would die before I hurt this woman."
Steve stared at her for a few seconds, as if he was saving her face to memory. "Are you going to be okay alone?" he asked. "What number suit are you on?"
Toni should be used to pain after all the crap she had gone through, but nope. Like the whole world hated her, every part of her felt like it was on fire. Parts of her that she didn't even knew she had hurt. Places where she didn't think could hurt hurt. Even the places between her toes hurt, and that was saying something, but then again, it could all just be in her head. Though that could mean something horrible was wrong with her, she truly hoped it was in her head. She couldn't handle anything else at the moment.
The Asset's knowledge may be limited as he was only given mission specific knowledge, but he was not stupid. He knew everything that he could know about weapons and technical assaults. He knew how and when the best time to strike was; he knew and could use hundreds of different kinds of weapons, without a single misstep. He knew how to make his own bullets and he knew how to make his own weapons if needed. He could silent a target without making a sound; he could survive in the wilds for weeks without an issue. He could do it all, while massacring an entire army.
I know Madame Hydra is also known as Viper, but she didn't take that name under after her time in Hydra. I am not sure if I used her properly and if I didn't, I am sorry. I am not all too knowledge on the comic world, but I have done research, though it may not have been enough.
"Medical emergency! Mr. Parker is having trouble breathing, is in severe pain and his heart rate is reaching dangerous levels."
"I'm sorry for all the unrest I've created. It wasn't intentional."
Rating: Teen and Up.
Both teens fell silent as they wondered what was going on. "Hang on, I may have been thrown out of the tower, but I still have my connection to Friday." Ned eagerly stepped closer, just as curious and worried as Peter about what was going on. Peter opened the app that linked his phone to the AI.
Peter's mask lay forgotten on the counter, still covered in dirt and dried blood.
"Of course not."
"Not really. The kid's absolutely brilliant. It would be a shame to lose him to some other company. Besides he's not the worst company."
"Dad, please, I'm sorry."
Cautiously, Peter stepped out of the bathroom only to be intercepted by his dad who handed him a mask.
Happy Hogan meets Peter Parker for the first time.
"You, sure?" Kissing Tony gently on the cheek, Steve answered. "I'm sure."
"Of course not." His pops hurried to assure him. Peter slowly put his school bag down before leaning on the counter, waiting for whatever surprise they had for him. It had only been a few months since he became spider-man and he knew they all worried about him.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is a direct continuation of Prompt 5 [Chapter 5]. Also Peter is only mentioned in this Superfamily drabble.
Prompt #9: "It has a certain taste to it."
here was.
"Because like it or not, we are your family, even when you push us all away!"
"That would be great." Peter stood up, stuffing the phone back into his bag and swung it over his shoulder. "See you at school Gwen. By Devlin."
"This is Kalyca. She can be quite direct at times."
Also need suggestions on daemons for May and Ben Parker. Only one's I haven't figured out yet.
"This universe's Peter Parker died. You are Peter Parker from a parallel universe where you did not die."
"I want him
Back in his room, he quickly got dressed as he worried about how to explain the state of the bathroom to his aunt and uncle, though he should probably shut off the water in the house first.
Prompt #7: "No, and that's final."
"Sorry isn't good enough! Sorry isn't going to fix what's been done!"
Peter was still processing the question when he found himself seated on the couch, his pops face in front of him looking intently into his eyes and it occurred to Peter far too slowly that he was still waiting for an answer. He was prevented from answering by his dad's concerned voice from somewhere to his left.
(See the end of the chapter for
Warning(s): none
"Nice to meet you, Peter. And you weren't being rude, you were distracted."
"Is everything alright?"
"Dad," Barely a whisper, Tony had almost missed it. "Is pops going to be alright?"
Heavy on the dialogue, a bit of an experiment on my part. Apologies if it is confusing and unpleasant to read. This prompt was difficult to think up something for and this was the easiest way I could manage it. I didn't want to skip another day.
He quickly retrieved Peter's "secret" bag from his locker, the one with his webshooters and ran as fast as he could. In the hallway however, he ran into Happy.
"What do you suggest?" Peter could only barely make out the non-drivers' face and from the look that crossed his face, he was taken aback by his partners' suggestion. "You can't be serious! You want me to dose him a second time?!"
Rating: General
"We'll find him. How far could he possibly have gotten?" Clint tried to appease him. Scott just looked away, clearly more intelligent in this situation. Perhaps it was due to him being a father too and knowing just what Steve was feeling right now.
Rating: General
The fox's ears drooped a little at the minor chastise before flipping upright again. One of Peter's hands removed itself from the blanket and petted her gently and lovingly.
"There you go!" Pops yelled to be heard over the wind. Peter laughed as his joy bubbled to the surface.
"Hey! the kid is back!" His uncle Clint yelled across the room holding up a beer.
“Tony,.." Steve watched helplessly as Tony refused to meet his eyes. The water and food in front of him went untouched. Basil sat under Tony's chair curled in on himself. Not even Qatara's whines could get a reaction out of him.
"Can you promise me, Gwen will not get hurt?" Peter saw the flicker of doubt in his eyes. There was no garantees in this line of business. "I'm sorry."
"Peter?!" Sam called on the edge of panic. An aborted sob came from his right and he finally found the kid, sitting on the ground behind the open door, knees drawn up to his chest.
As if hearing his thoughts, his pops asked him a question. "Where's your dad?"
“For god’s sake, Bruce! You can’t keep them out forever!”
Inside the social worker's car sat a young boy, barely visible through the window, curled in a big blanket. Tony couldn't explain why, but he was drawn to the child. He walked towards the car, opened the door and stared at the solemn boy, who's confused big eyes looked up at him. Silence reigned between them for a while, neither knowing what to say. The kid was probably terrifed, Tony realised. He was nothing but a stranger to the boy and here he was staring at him, not saying a word.
"It was your idea."
"He left his phone behind?"
"Yes, I think so because I definitely travelled through it somehow. And I need to find my way back." Before he could indulge his uncle who clearly itched to ask him all kinds of questions, his pops interrupted.
"No stop!"
"Calm down, Peter. Yes my team got to him, but I don't know anything else yet. I was a little busy getting to you." At seeing Peter's face, he quickly continued. "Why don't I go see what I can find out?" Before his teenager son could complain, he quickly kissed him on the head like he used to when Peter was a little boy, before leaving the room.
"I'm going to patrol, with or without that suit. You really think I don't have a backup?"
"I'm very sorry sir. I'm afraid Mr. Parker has passed away."
"Are you May Parker?"
"Never too young to get started in this business." His pops said with a smile. Peter followed them even as his spider sense tingled in the back of his neck. This was so wrong and it was going to get worse. He could just feel it.
"I wont really know what to look for until I've spoken to Peter. I need to know what exactly happened and what he was exposed to."
"Richard? I haven't heard from him in years. How is he? What could he possibly want with me?"
to go. No one was getting hurt on his watch. He was the friendly neighbourhood spider-man after all.
"Catching?"
Still feeling like his thoughts came too sluggish, Peter moved towards the hallway making his way to the bathroom. Kalyca easily kept up with his slow pace and seated herself on the edge of the bathtub before Peter had even closed the door behind him.
"I'm alright, really. You just caught me off guard." Peter patted Kalyca's head to calm her down too, even though she could feel that he was alright again. Taking a deep breath, Peter looked at Gwen and stopped. What could he tell her? The truth? He didn't want to lie to her, but the truth was something
"It was just a game."
"About that, " Steve began carefully. "I know things have changed rather suddenly, maybe and I want you to know you can tell me anything. Even if it's about me and your father being together. I can't help but feel like something drastically changed with us, the moment we announced our engagement."
"Yeah, kid looked a little out of it. Hasn't left his room since."
Day 30, Prompt #30: "I'm with you, you know that."
Peter crinkled his nose and narrowed his eyes at the suggestion. "Ew, daddy. Kisses are only for papa."
"I'm sorry, is there another Spider-Man to blame?"
"Insolent child." Peter heard the chuckle in Scott's voice, despite his best attempt to sound affronted.
Right on cue it seemed, rapid beeps emanated from the heart monitor. Bruce approached the device to see what was wrong while Raakel moved closer to Peter.
"Did you forget we stayed over at Ben and May’s?"
Watching Tony behave like an exuberant father was heartwarming and Happy knew he had already agreed to do this for his friend. He would watch over Peter, protect him, dote on him and grow to love him like family.
"Really?" Steve leaned in closer this time. "You did not get even the tiniest bit emotional when your son kissed you on the head and told you he loved you?" He quickly poked Tony in his sensitive side and before long had him begging for mercy at the tickle attack.
"NO!" Peter took one step forward before the source exploded and a wave of energy so powerful washed over him, instantly knocking him out.
"I'll go check on him. You okay for a bit?" Peter nodded. "Yeah, just don't stay away too long, okay?" He may be a teenager on the cusp of adulthood and far braver than he thought he'd ever could be, but right now he felt vulnerable and wanted his dads near.
"No, but you do know you could just ask Jarvis where he is, right?"
Before Happy could refuse, Tony had him promptly positioned in the middle of the room with a set of big, curious eyes staring up at him. Tony crouched down beside the kid, speaking in a gentle voice, Happy had never heard from him before.
Peter however was genuinely confused at what had just happened and felt in his right to ask exactly that. His pops held him gently by the shoulders as he made eye contact. Peter's eyes dragged themselves away at movement to the right, noticing his dad coming closer. A shaky hand joined his pops's on his shoulder, only further increasing Peter's anxiety.
Word of WARNING: There is some minor mentions of being stuck underground. If you are sensitive to this in any way, read at your own descretion. It's a very small mention, minor in my eyes but what I perceive as minor someone else might not. So be careful, please.
"Listen, I'm sorry I can't explain it, you'll have to trust me."
"Go on inside, make yourself comfortable. I'll be right there."
His dad immediately reached for the bag dropped beside the couch, pulling it open and releasing a sigh of relief at having found her. Basil jumped down beside him and gently pulled her out, revealing a wealth of frazzled fur and unclear eyes once they opened blearily at being removed from her hiding place.
"Well of course he would." Ned said confidently. At Peter's annoyed expression he quickly explained. "None of them know you are Spider-Man, and with you dying...which clearly was a ruse, they kind of blamed Spider-Man for it. So they're not your biggest fans right now."
Warning(s): Torture, nothing too graphic but still described and happening. Kidnapped teenager.
"Actually, I'm curious about what you're doing. So if you don't mind explaining it in the most simple terms imaginable, I would love to hear it."
"You call what happened, unrest?" Clint of all people accused. It hurt to hear his uncle talk like that, but he pushed on despite it. Besides, this wasn't even his uncle really.
Peter felt Kalyca curl against him and he held her close with one arm as he crawled forward on the backseat towards the door not curled around the guardrail of the highway. When he reached the door, he pushed with all his might and within seconds felt the door's resistance fall away. He tumbled out of the vehicle, still clutching Kalyca close.
Steve had likely already reached Peter's room by now but before Tony could find out he stopped dead in his tracks because of what he suddenly heard. Screaming. Terrible screaming coming from Peter's room, from Peter himself. It sounded like he was being murdered and didn't that bring to mind all kinds of horrifying images. Basil suddenly screeched in distress as he flattened himself to the ground. Daemons rarely screeched like that as it sounded unnatural and pointed out how deeply terrified and vulnerable they were at that moment. Tony reached down to comfort his daemon, confused as to why Basil would shows such behaviour when normally it was only used in the most extreme of situations, usually when a daemon was dying itself or its human. Before Tony could touch Basil a similar screech tore through the hallway and it wasn't coming from Basil.
It was as if a bucket of ice-cold water just emptied over him. His senses sharpened and suddenly the room didn't sound quite as muted as before. His aunt's sobs had quieted some but still rang painfully in the room. His own laboured breathing finally reached his ears as did the slow rumble of a distressed Qatara as she stood just off to his side with her tail and ears down.
Steve clapped him on the shoulder. "That's actually big praise coming from you, Stark."
"She has already hung up, sir. She merely wanted to let us know that Peter has gone to his aunt and uncle and will be staying there tonight."
"Did not!"
"You should be."
"Good morning, can I help you gentlemen with something?"
"You WHAT!?"
have to tell them about sneaking into Oscorp.
Hello?
"Stop right there! We will restrain you. We mean you no harm, so calm down!"
"We don't feel so good."
Being deprived of his sight was unnerving, but it provided the advantageous effect of enhancing his other senses. Just as he felt the dirt wall beneath his fingers thin out, a terrible smell reached his nose. Apparently Scott had noticed as well.
Steve felt an opportunity to tease back, something he didn't do too often. "Did you shed a tear?"
"I think, let him join."
"I'm willing to compromise and this seems the best way to do it. Will you let me be spider-man this way?"
"Let's go, kid!" Peter heard his uncle Thor shout as he stormed past the bathroom.
Though I'm sorry for this utter sadness that is to come. My mind just really likes angsty and sad stuff.
Tony never regretted to this day changing his mind that night. Adopting Peter was the best thing he ever did. And now, his little boy was gone.
"He's been drinking too ,though not as much as you. Most of the time he's just hitting things until his hands bleed. Scott is staying with him for now, to keep a watch over him."
"Very fun, Peter. Well at least if you're making jokes it means you're probably not as bad off as you could be. Can you move?"
A beeping drew his attention to his phone, waterproofed of course by his dad, alerting him to his looming curfew. "I better hurry, if I want to get back on time."
"What are you doing in my home!?" Peter shook with every syllable, completely bewildered by the violence and anger his dad was aiming at him. He'd never ignited such irk from his either of his parents. Despite his reputation, Tony was not a violent man, especially not with his family.
It was a good suggestion and Peter had plenty of uncles and aunts in the hero business to have some back up. He wouldn't even need someone all the time, just someone he could call upon if things got out of hand, like it had tonight.
But even worse than that, wer ein fact these so called guardians. Peter recognised some of them and it was too much to wrap his head around. In bright colors were some of his worst enemies, reacting to the sudden assault form the Avengers. Peter hung back on the quinjet, watching and observing an absolute nightmare.
They had no idea, Peter thought as he silently worked on his project while listening to the conversation around him. Mr. Stark was his usual dramatic self, but Peter would never say this out loud. He was just an intern. He couldn't just say whatever he wanted after all. Dr. Banner of course was more lenient, but Peter looked up far too much to the man to be unpolite to him.
Please note that my writing style has some quirks. I tend to switch pov's on the fly in the same scene if it feels right. Apologies if this bothers anyone, but I often get stuck following one person throughout a story and often find switching to someone else's perspective moves it along again. I might try to eventually settle down on my switching habit, but for now this is how I write, most of the time.
"I'm trying, Tony!"
"I thought you were in danger! I was trying to help!"
"Your pops is right, kiddo."
"Talk to me,
"Am I in trouble?"
"Peter?"
"Yes, so you had better not have done something to get me in trouble when you went off on your own."
This takes place right after Peter was bitten by the spider in TASM and thus is changing as he did in the movie.
Peter slowly put up his hands in surrender, feeling completely off balance with his own dad threatening him. "Like I always do, through the window."
Peter was so caught up in his work he almost missed the heavy footfalls from behind him. Expecting his dad back, he already turned around to ask his opinion on the fix he'd used on the thruster for the boot.
"Right, so which one of them are you more afraid of? Just out of curiosity."
Peter smiled despite his uncle not possibly being able to see it. "Right, so what's the plan. Doesn't look like we can get out there."
"Come on, Peter. Let's get you up." Steve urged as he gently coaxed his son off the chair and ina standing position. Peter's entire weight sagged into his pops' side, but Steve held him up around the waist. "Peter? Can you hear me?"
5. one of two years after that, give or take, is when this one-shot takes place.
"I don't think he's waking up, Bruce." Raakel stepped closer to Peter, sniffing the air. "I think, he's dreaming?!"
Peter sighed as he frustration rose. "What kind of question is that? I saved her because it was the right thing to do. I saved her because it's what I do. I don't know what the hell happened since last night, but everything it turned upside down and nothing makes sense anymore! Saving her was the most normal thing that happened today!"
"Very happy." Steve answered as he cuddled up beside Tony for the remainder of their evening, basking in the knowledge that his family was safe, loved and happy. He felt like his second chance at life was finally worth it. But even more importantly, was what Tony said next and how much it had taken for him to finally find true happiness in his own life.
"I swear." Just then a phone buzzed in his bag, taking Peter by surprise. He had left his phone at the tower so that his dad couldn't track him. He was pretty sure he hand't tagged him with anything, lately. Kalyca eagerly dover into his bag recovering his now once more silent phone. It was an old one, faded blue and chipped on almost every side. It was his back-up phone for uncle Ben. When he'd found out Peter left his phone behind sometimes to stop his dad from tracking him, he'd talked to Peter about it. He trusted Peter but worried about what might happen if he had no way to contact anyone. So they had come up with this idea, a phone only they knew about so that if ever Peter needed help he could call uncle Ben.
Tony laughed merrily before answering. "The kid scraped his knee and wondered what we could do about it, so I said I could kiss it better. Well technically I said I might kiss him and he wasn't keen on the idea, believing kisses to just be between you and me."
“Come on, Kalyca. Let’s go.”
"It's me."
Bucky instead raised his hands in surrender, probably recognising Peter's body language. "I'm just pointing it out, kid. I'm not going to stop you."
Various shouts of welcome back or something similar went around as Peter remained frozen in the doorway. His dad approached him, clapping him on the shoulder like he always did, the first familiar thing so far.
"Peter?! They're playing a game! They're playing Mario Party!"
Both men shared a look before trying to answer at the same time. "It's not as bad as you think." "We lost him."
He settled himself on the sofa in the living room, not ready to try and go back to sleep just yet. Despite the warm blanket and the ever-constant warmer temperature inside the tower -which Tony refused to admit was for his suffering in the ice- Steve still felt cold.
"It's a good thing we have each other then." Peter answered with a grin on his face, but it dropped at the serious look he got back.
Day 4, Prompt  #14: "I can't come back."
"Hear what?" Peter noticed people had begun to stare as they passed by the pair. Not to hard to figure out why as Dr. Strange did not dress to blend in exactly.
Rating: General
The secret is out and Peter is in a heap of trouble. Unfortunately his dads anger is the least of his worries when the wrong kind of attention finds him.
No, he didn't. Especially not after he got his pops hurt, He would not let that happen to anyone else if he could prevent it.
Sounds of heavy fighting echoed through the corridor as the Avengers lived up their name and stormed the hidden base where Peter had been taken. The security of the place consisted mostly of automated turrets and even some amateur -in Tony's opinion- robotics. But neither Tony nor Steve paid any mind to the defences other than to dodge or destroy them in their rush to get through the base.
"What of it?" Peter snapped back. Kidnapped, bound and thoroughly confused and frustrated by everything, Peter could only fall back on his snarky attitude.
"Understand
"So why did you fight against the hulk then?"
"Good, cause it looks like we've got work to do." Peter swung away then, right into the group of newly arrived criminals.
"I'm okay, dad. What happened, exactly?"
"Uhm, yeah, he called me. He was in the nearby parking garage."
4. Two years later the plot of The Amazing Spider-Man film took place. [Thus Peter became Spider-Man at 15 instead of 17 as in the film canon.]
"I'm alright. Go back to sleep." Steve slowly got up, grabbing the spare blanket off the chair.
"Kalyca?"
A large explosion catapulted Peter right in to the bay. He felt an electric current sizzle through his nerves, setting them on fire and causing him to reflexively cry out. Too late did he remember he was underwater leading to him inhaling a mouthful of it. His body thrashed at the invasion, instinct makijg him acutely aware of how bad this was. He struggled to right himself, the explosion having knocked him around so thoroughly that he couldn't tell up from down anymore.
"Yeah, definitely. Kid will be better of with someone else,
"Please, Gwen. How old are you? Cute?"
Tony was not panicking. Tony Stark did not panic. However, Tony the dad of one Peter Parker would absolutely panic when his son who had recently be clinically dead for a minute and was still recovering from whatever science experiment he got caught up in, had up and left the safety of the tower without alerting anyone and he didn't even bring his phone!
"I don't know the details, but you..well
Note: Take place after prompt 29, a sort of follow up.
"Alright," he heard his uncle draw the word out as if not quite certain he believed Peter. "Just stay close to me. I do not want to explain to your dads how I lost you because I didn't notice you passing out on me."
He pulled away for real this time and was gone long before the avengers had been informed. No matter how much he trusted his family, if there was even the slightest chance of Gwen being hurt or
"Yes?" Peter abruptly got up and started pacing, his nervous energy not allowing him to stay still. "And no. I can't really explain it. I just don't know how to act around you now and I don't know why."
Warning(s): none.
"It's alright, Cap. He is right, but more importantly, I didn't mean physical. Peter's change was on a micro level. Whatever altered him did so fast and violent, which is why his body shut down. It couldn't handle it all at once."
Tony muddled over what he would say, what he could possibly say to fix this mess. When he reached Peter's room, he stared at the door for a solid minute before mustering the courage to knock. "Peter? Are you awake? Can we talk?"
Tony was up and beside his son even before Steve had managed to move. He gently turned his head to him, shaking his shoulders ever so slightly, hoping for a response.
Peter hesitated for only a moment. No lies. Not with Gwen. "I came across an article of Dr. Connors and it....well it was intriguing, fascinating. I guess I wanted to meet the man himself?"
! Be it only a minute or so, but still. He shuddered at the memory prompting Qatara to gently bump her head against his hand, drawing him out of it. He scratched her ear in thanks before looking around the room and noticing someone missing.
The slight hitch in his uncle voice snapped Peter back to the moment. Knowing how quickly his uncle could panic when children got hurt, even almost adults like himself, urge him to answer. "Yeah, yeah I'm here. I'm okay, I think." Lifting his head off the ground test that exact theory, Peter was relieved to find the movement did not cause any excessive pain.
Raakel hissed threateningly, hair on her back standing up. Basil moved to block her, snarling in response.
Peter inhaled shakily as another shiver surged through him and he blinked several times before finally managing to answer through his fevered thoughts.
"What other choice do we have! If the rumours are right, we cannot handle him awake. And if he is capable of waking up this soon, he can probably take it."
Here's day 2 for fictober19. Though it is tagged as superfamily, it's mostly background stuff. Tony and Steve are only mentioned and established as Peter's parents, but they don't actually appear in this.
Peter couldn't help but stop in his work at the obvious baiting. Thankfully, Dr. Banner was great at keeping control of himself, and in extension the hulk. Of course the fact that his own spider sense wasn't alerting him, made it clear there was no threat about to erupt right then.
Tony messed up his kid's hair, causing him to smile ever so slightly. "That's where you are wrong kiddo. There are many different kisses, meant for many different people."
"If you try to bring anyone else in on this, the chance is great they'll be influenced by this creature. Do you really want to risk that?"
"Man, I could really eat something." Sam said as he made a beeline for the fridge. The only other avengers around right now were Rhodey and Barton, who were lazing about.
Notes:
"You've hacked into a police radio?"
Peter couldn't explain why he did it, maybe Ned just had a trustworthy air about him, but he pulled off the mask. The reaction was shocking to say the least. Ned made a strangled, half choking noise before suddenly engulfing Peter in a crushing hug. He awkwardly patted his back, not wanting to outright push him off.
Steve jolted upwards in bed as the nightmare threw him back in the land of the wake. He shivered violently, still remembering the terrible cold by whihc he had been trapped for many years. Beside him Tony stirred. "Steve? You...okay?" He mumbled sluggishly, not quite fully awake yet.
"...."
"It's alright, he just wants to say hi too."
Peter looked up at everyone apprehensively, but it was Kalyca who spoke. "We're so busted."
"Aww, does that mean you didn't?!" His dad turned and pointed accusingly at his pops. "I blame you for this. You coddle him too much. Seventeen years old and he can't even kill anyone on a routine run."
It exploded upon hitting the side of a building, causing in instability that made the top half tilt dangerously. Peter watched in horror as the building collapsed against its neighbouring one. Glass and pieces of structure rained down on the streets below. People screamed as they tried to outrun the debris. Familiar metal arms, belonging to none other than Otto Octavius, grabbed the runners and pulled them to safety.
Prompt #4: "I know you didn't ask for this."
"The what?! Oh you better watch yourself, miscreant." Tony teased back as Peter walked passed him.
"Peter is spider-man!"
"Frankly... I have no idea. On the one hand is a scarily, brilliant engineer who could build anything to either destroy me or torture me. On the other is a supersoldier who could crush me with his bare hands. I'd rather not find out who to fear more."
"What about Kalyca, then?"
Tony sat in the kitchen cloaked in darkness, a bottle of whisky in front of him and spider-man's mask in his hands. His phone lay across the room with numerous cracks in the screen from having thrown. Why couldn't they just leave him alone?!
"Oh, right of course. Apologies Tony. Peter will be fine. The sedative, though strong, is already barely affecting him. His injuries, how minor they were to start with, are already healing rapidly. Another interesting develepmont. He'll make a full recovery."
“Peter!”
Curious, Peter actually got up, leaning on the back of the sofa as he faced his dad. "What did you actually do?"
of us. The least you can do is let him know you're changing the rules, rather than spy on him."
"Well to my own. Exposure to a radioactive substance, daemon shifting after being settled. Like myself, Peter's DNA has been changed, not improved which is what happened to Steve. Peter's change was rather violent, much like my own."
Kalyca's words came out in a slur as she hung almost limply in Basil's hold. She shivered and abruptly curled into a tight ball, Peter mimicking her almost exactly a few seconds after.
"Tony, it's going to be alright. This is not because of you, Peter is probably just a little overwhelmed."
Panic gripped Peter as he turned and turned and looked but Kalyca was nowhere to be seen. His breathing sped up and he started running again. Trying to find her. As he turned a corner he collided with another person who grabbed hold of him before he could fall.
He found Peter in the training room as he worked through a holographic training routine. Tony had installed this little upgrade, using Friday to power the projectors. It gave the avengers opponents to fight without actually hitting and thus destroying something or someone. Digital opponents.
(See the end of the chapter for
Day 22, Prompt #22: "We could have a chance."
Taking advantage of this new development -after all he could freak out about his supposed super-hearing later, Peter turned his attention to his aunt and whomever was on the other side of the door.
"GET OUT!"
His dad suddenly hugged him. "I'm sorry we weren't there."
, but a heartwrenching sob broke free of his tight control and before he knew it he was crying uninhibitedly. He felt arms circle around him and for once he let himself be comforted by another person.
Rating: Teen and Up.
Still, I hope you'll enjoy it.
"Tough mission?" Clint called out without looking away from the television.
"But, you need their help."
"I'm fine, pops. Really. No need to worry." Peter tried to convince him and failing terribly.
"Nah. Just a bit boring really." Sam opened the fridge, furrowing his eyebrows at what he saw. "The hell? Since when did we run out of...well
Peter refused to back down, despite his defeated posture and a part of Tony was proud of his son for standing up for himself. He only wished it wasn't neccessary against him. "I didn't mean for this to happen, I just wanted to help."
"Oh no, not at all. That was just me being...well me." He looked down at Kalyca as he said the last part, but she just turned away while humming distractedly over the bond. "I can get distracted easily and my hands don't always catch up with my brain."
"You believed me to be bluffing, Stark. Let this be an example to you. A pity, a child had to pay the price." The alien vanished then, leaving a heart broken family behind.
"More like a dare and my pride being on the line. Which I have now lost."
Ned and Peter looked equally shocked at that revelation, but Peter had no doubt Friday was telling the truth. Not only did it make sense with all the inconsistencies, but he knew his dad had isntalled all kinds of extra's into his latest AI, especially after meeting Stephen Strange and his strange world of magic. It made sense that Friday could detect alternate universes, if they existed, which she just proved.
"Honestly.....tickling....is a bit....childish, isn't it?" Tony managed to answere in between gasps of air. Steve just smiled knowingly at him. "Very well. yes I did tear up a little bit. Happy, now?"
"I didn't die!" Peter shouted exasperated. "Fine, whatever, explain what you think happened."
"I don't know if we can trust him, especially since he even hides his identity from us."
"That's alright. I prefer people saying what they mean rather than circling around it."
Tony whirled around to face his husband. "He's lucky I'm letting him go out there
Tony barely noticed Steve dropping beside him, shaking hands reaching out to Peter.
" Peter snapped back as his agitation grew. It wans't everyday one got stuck on a spaceship with a dangerous alien bug of some kind hunting you down.
And all his abilities are still new, so too his fast healing and other things, hence the sedative taking a while to fully leave his system but working fast enough to wake him up after about 20 minutes.
"We've got him. I've sent a medical team immediately when we heard what had happened. They are taking care of him right now."
Peter felt his dad's hand tighten on his shoulder ever so slightly. "That's all very fascinating Bruce, but I'd like to know if my son will be alright."
Peter grimaced at knowing what was waiting for him upstairs. His dads were protective and quick to worry which considering who they were and how many enemies they probably had, wasn't a bad thing. They just got a little overprotective with Peter.
"Clearly." He responded still looking warily at him. "Why don't you go home for the day, take it easy. I'll see you tomorrow if you're up to it."
"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. Peter, please...."
"In way, yes. I became the friendly neighbourhood spider-man that day."
It opened to a hallway lightly decorated and pictures on the wall. As he stepped closer he noticed they were pictures of Tony himself, with a small child?
"Scared, me?" Tony scoffed teasingly. "You know me better than that. I knew we'd find you." If he was expecting his son to look relieved or reassured, Tony was about to be disappointed.
“That was fifteen, almost twenty minutes ago.”
did this, do you?" Rhodey questioned. Clint gave him a pointed look.
"Let go of me." Peter shot back before pulling himself free of the iron grip. "What's the matter with you?"
Explaining the reason for being so late would come later. For now, Peter had no strength or consciousness left to tell them about sneaking into Oscorp or make up an excuse so he
"Peter, kiddo...you know we wouldn't lie to you and especialyl not with something this important." His pops words were sincere and held truth. Peter knew they wouldn't lie to him, and yet his mind refused to give in. His pops, his dad, both of them were lying to him even though they never would and never had before.
Peter took a deep breath before planting his feet more firmly under himself. He gently patted his uncle's hand, which was now almost painfully tight on his arm. "I'm okay. That just happened a little too fast. I'm good now."
He was flying!
His dad seemed to deflate with relief at the news, and although Peter felt relieved himself that he would be alright, his mind was on his aunt and especially his uncle. "How's uncle Ben? Is there any news?!" He turned to face his dad as his anxiety rose the more he thought about his uncle. "You said your medical team got to him, right?! How bad is he?!"
Tony nearly snapped his neck as he swirled around but Peter had already escaped into the elevator. Shocked he turned back to a smiling Steve. "Did he just...?"
Peter ignored the heated argument from Kalyca buzzing through his mind. No matter how deep a hole he was digging himself in, he had to ask. He felt so elated around Gwen, he wanted to know why she did what she did. If perhaps there was more to it than her simply being kind. As he looked at Gwen he completely missed Kalyca rolling her eyes beside him. She already knew what Peter was feeling, even if he didn't know it yet. It wasn't that she didn't share it, she liked Gwen and Devlin, but she feared how far Peter would go to chase that feeling. One of them had to be cautious with their situation.
“Yeah, I’m think so. What was that?“
Clint just whirled around on the unstable genius, anger radiating off him. "Get it together, man! You are not the only one who lost that kid! Why must you push everyone away!"
"Peter, stop. Hang on!"
"Hang on, go back to being gone for months. This happened not an hour ago!"
Peter falling down the stairs. Peter
Warning(s): none.
"I'm right here."
Tony whirled around towards Peter so fast, his son stumbled back startled. "
"Just follow me. I know the area." Peter smiled at the incredulous look on his uncle's face.
The ground gave way and gravity took hold with an iron grasp. Peter had no time to react as the world disappeared from his sight and all he saw was dirt. With a crash he hit the ground, deep down in the darkness. But he was not alone. A grunt of pain came from Scott who had fallen with him, if only because he'd yanked Peter out of the way of an errant missile. His kindness had promptly landed him right here,
"Friday, if I am dead, then how are you talking to me?"
"I know, I know. I just have to let
"Peter, come in here a sec." Curious and slightly wary, Peter turned around and entered the kitchen. Though seeing all his family together in the kitchen was not too unusual, but the smug expressions the two spies gave him pause.
"Peter?"
"What?! Peter you can't be serious! What's going on?"
Peter felt suddenly less confident. Did his dads even know what had happened? Had anyone even seen them fall? With no hole to hint at the accident, how would anyone find them?
"You won't need it anymore."
"Tony, no, that's going too far." Steve said pointing at the live camera feed. "You're invading his privacy."
"Don't worry, uncle Clint. I was just teasing you." He gently took the drawing back, looking at it once more before answering. "Jack was the first person I actually saved. The first time I used my powers, my abilities not to catch my uncle's murderer, but to help someone. To save someone."
Tony threw up his hands in defeat. "Alright. I concede. We're ordering in." He wandered of to get the brochure for their favorite place, leaving a giggling mess of a teenager behind in the kitchen.
Steve carefully stood up but before he could approach Kalyca, a loud gasp came from the bed. Peter had taken a breath!
"I'm sorry. That was tactless of me. Are you alright?"
"Shit!"
Rating: Teen  and up, because of heavy subject and some swearing.
Tony stopped them in the middle of the hallway and turned to face Happy with his serious business face. "Listen, this is very important to me and I don't trust just anyone with this. I know you didn't ask for this, but I was hoping you'd be willing to help me out."
you! Do something about it!"
"Very well, do you want to do so now?"
“Child of iron, what is the purpose of this?”
didn't even understand. He didn't want to tell her something so personal before knowing himself, yet he didn't want to lie to her either.
“I know, I know! I just can’t, not yet. Surely you understand, Raakel. You know what it was like.“
"I know...but I was actually hoping you wouldn't sign it."
"That's it?!"
Peter's attempt to prevent spitting out the liquid, had the disastrous effect of it going down the wrong way and he ended up coughing madly, Kalyca crawling onto his lap wanting to help but unable to. Gwen was half out of her seat ready to get help, but Peter waved her back down. "I..I'm.. o-okay." He coughed several more times before his body settled down. He gratefully took the offered napkin from Gwen.
"What could you possibly be here for if not to tell me my friend and his wife have died."
The man simply turned to face him and before Peter could notcie, stretched his hand out to attach the eletric wire to the sphere. He smiled as the sparks shot everywhere. "Hail Hydra!"
Peter nodded fervently and scooped Kalyca up in his arms beneath the blanket. Tony helped him out of the car after Basil jumped down, and led him towards his home.
"One thing, sir," Peter began hesistantly. "I might need to make a call."
Oh and I'm borrowing Ned again from the MCU universe. I just really like Peter to have a best/nerd friend XD
Tony nearly fell on his face in his haste to get to his kid. Too hurried to notice the rapid breathing, the panicked eyes, the wild movements. Tony reached to hug Peter, his very much living son, when Peter pushed him back throwing him clean across the room with little to no effort, only barely missing landing on his own daemon. Steve hurried to his dazed husband, while Qatara growled uneasily.
...from that stand point it did seem suspicious that out of all those people he managed to not save Peter. But none of this made sense!
He'd excused himself and hid away in his room, needing the space while they discussed what happened next. He knew he shouldn't have left the tower but after hearing his dads argue about him again -something about his pops being too gentle with him- Peter just
"Devlin, right?"
The drawing made it's way around gaining confusing yet fond reactions as the image drawn could not be perceived as anything else. There were 3 people, in the drawing. A man, a child and spider-man. On the back was written a big 'thank you spider-man', by Jack.
Below them, he could hear the familiar noise of the Iron Man suit, circling below them and yelling triumphantly up at them. "I did...I did it!" Peter yelled back, all his fear forgotten now that he was actually flying.
"I'm not sure." There was no point in trying to sound brave when he was aleady found out. Peter nervously stretched to try and peak over the edge, but he made no move to step closer to the edge.
Day 28, Prompt 28: "Enough! I heard enough,"
"Well you did take quite the beating that day. Who knows how much you recalled from that day."
Prompt 1: "It will be fun, trust me."
Steve furrowed his brows. "Jarvis, right. He is that computer thing?"
"Whoa, easy there."
That did make sense, Happy realized. "So why tell me now?" As soon as he said the words, it hit him and Tony had apparently noticed his realisation as well, seemingly getting ready to plead with him. "No. Absolutely not. Children are not in my job description, I would have taken a job in daycare if I wanted that."
"But it
Gwen gave her daemon a look and he ever so slightly relaxed his pose. "Very well. Yes he is
"Well, clearly not since I thought you were my dad coming back...." Peter trailed off awkwardly, not sure how to talk to the man who would soon become his parent. He had nothing against him, in fact he was loved spending time with him.
"Out of the way, Peter!"
"He's dad's AI."
"Sod off, Barton." Tony made a motion with his whisky glass as if to shoo him. Instead the annoying bug came closer, grabbed his bottle and emptied it in the sink before Tony could stop him in his drunken stupor. "Hey! The hell, Barton!"
Anyway, some notes on this prompt at the end as I couldn't explain everything of this new headcanon in the prompt itself.
"Of course. You are Peter Parker. Son of Tony Stark and Steve Rogers."
Peter tried to make it to the door, tried to get out because the air was suddenly too heavy to breath and he didn't want to be here listening to their lies. A hand grabbed hold of his arm and he non to gently pulled his arm free before backing away from his dad. He held up his hands in a placating manner as he spoke to him. "Peter, please kiddo. Calm down, breath."
"Were you scared?" He asked a little louder and clearer than before. He just sat there staring at him waiting for his answer and thinking Peter needed to feel safe, Tony decided to act confident hoping to instill in his son that he was safe and no one would get him here.
"You did the best you could, Peter." Steve stepped forward, but Peter abruptly turned away. "Peter - "
to get out. If only for an hour.
"Wait, you're letting me come?!" Peter was hardly ever taken along on avenger missions as they were too dangerous for a minor they kept saying. Only when the need was dire, like last night, did he get to come and even then he would need to beg.
The wind swept through his hair as Peter stood waiting atop the tower. Though normally he loved to watch the city form up here, today this was not the case. Nervously he circled his burgundy wings closer around himself. The wind ruffled his feathers, the feeling not unwelcome but only reminding Peter of what was about to happen today.
"You are not taking Peter." Uncle Ben held his ground, but Peter saw the slight nod the leader gave and suddenly hands were on him, pulling him back. Another man had snuck up behind Peter. He had been so focused on the threat in front, he had completely missed the other threat closing in.
"I'm afraid the situation is more dangerous than you believe." Strange revealed seriously. "I do not believe you were being followed by a someone, but rather a some
Peter wasn't sure what to expect when he landed in the teenager's backyard. They stood there staring at each other for a few awkward minutes before Ned, apparently, broke the silence.
The morning brought good news and finally calmed down the frenzied wave of emotions, Tony had been struggling with the day before. Steve had made it through the night and would make a full recovery, fairly soon due to being a supersoldier. He would still need to take it easy for a time, but at least things were finally looking up.
"Yeah, I guess it's a sort of fear of abandoment. I lost my parents when I was young and I guess it left it's mark on me. Dad tries not to leave me alone too long, but it can't always be avoided."
"Sure thing. I've got backup on the way to take care of this mess. Let's go home."
Peter thought before moving to follow his clearly distraught dad. "Since when am I just Spider-man to you? You can't be serious about kicking me out?"
He looked up at the tower, his home, stunned and betrayed. What the hell had happened while he was on patrol! Had his dad taken leave of his sense?! And where had everyone else gone? Peter was determined to get answers and decided to call his pops. But when he unlocked his phone, he found a single message waiting for him, from a number he did not recognise but his phone apparently did as it was registered under the name, Ned.
(See the end of the chapter for
This prompt truly ran away from me. It was planned ot be even longer, but I lost a bit of steam near the end and decided to cut it a little shorter. This event is after all, not to tire out my inspiration but give it fuel.
"So why
"You know me? How?"
who was oftentimes the mediator for everyone else when petty arguments went too far. However, today was the exception. Having listened to a good deal of excuses and roundabout explanations while all he wanted was a straight answer, and the fact it concerned his three-year-old son, Steve had reached his limit.
"What is going on, JARVIS?"
In my head, I've sort of added two years give or take after Avengers 1 for the couple to actually get together. So kinda messed up the entire timeline :)
"Depends on who's asking."
Bruce reached out to calm the teen but the moment his hand touched Peters' forehead his eyes snapped open as if in shock. Peter moved so suddenly that he caused Bruce to stumble back and when he recovered Peter was no longer on the bed.
"Stop!" Peter yelled hoping the man would see sense. When it was clear he wouldn't, he tried to web the man, but the angle was awkward enough without the man stepping out of view. Left with no other options, Peter jumped up there. "Please stop. I don't want to hurt you."
"Yeah, what gives, Spidey? Suddenly grew a conscience?"
"Like the sticking to walls part." Steve guessed.
What have I done?! This is the most horrible thing I ever wrote I think. I had the beginning planned earlier today, but when I sat down to write it the cruel twist crept into my mind and since it is halloween and the final day of the challenge, I figured it was a suitable way to end this XD
"I'd love to."
"Go on."
His uncle hadn't made it. He hadn't survived the gunshot. He wasn't coming back.
. But you need to talk to me. Eyes on me, Peter." Peter's gaze returned to Natasha at the calm command after drifting across the room in search of something again. Nat's calm composure seemed to have an affect on Peter. It surely helped that Peter had been rather close to her. They'd met several times when Peter was very young due to Fury having sent her to spy on Tony, before Tony became an avenger.
"Hey Jarvis, yeah sorry about that. I guess they're waiting for me?"
you at Oscorp that day?"
"Everyone is afraid of something." Peter's words floated down to him, but he could barely digest them to make sense. A loud bang sounded far away, but was probably much closer than he could deduce right now. Peter had looked up at the noise, but spared him one final glance. "That's my cue. Bye bye,
Ned knew Happy meant nothing by it. All of Peter's family members were overly protective, even concerning Peter's best friend. But in his current predicament, the not-quite-a-threat was enough to double his panic and his brain decided to latch on to it and caused him to blurt out the wrong thing to say.
Rating: General
Peter looked up at him, a slight tremble still to his voice after his scary fall earlier. "Not done yet?"
"No, and that's final." Tony stared his enemy down, trying not to look at either Steve or Peter. He couldn't lose his resolve and one look at them and he would. "I don't believe you, so my answer is no. Your turn."
"I can't tell you."
. And
Peter swung himself through the narrow passage of the bunker, propelling himself forward as fast as possible.
"Bye dad, have fun! Bye Pops!"
figured that." Rhodey defended himself before turning to answer Sam. "I asked Friday to check his vitals and she reported he seemed normal as usual."
"That's impossible. An explosion at the bay would not go unnoticed and there's been nothing on the news or even the police radio."
"Who the hell are you?" the asshole asked as he dusted himself off. "Why don't you mind your business?" The crowd just watched the three of them.
Toni didn't know what she was dreaming about when she came to, but she remembered the tone of her dream, and it felt different than the dreams she had in the past. This dream had been relaxing and calm, which was something that she hadn't had in years. Her dreams, one of the reasons why she hadn't sleep well, had been nightmares for as long as she could remember. She didn't have good dreams. They weren't apart of her DNA, but somehow she had a good dream, even if she was unable to remember what it was about.
"No," Salty answered as he grabbed her and pulled her toward the door.
"I bet he is."
"No, Toni! That isn't it. You're b-"
Even after everything that Toni had went through, it still surprised Toni to hear him say that. "Oh, really? I think you would call it quits after the first diaper."
Steve and Toni, with helmets off, were doing sideway glances at each other. He knew she was sizing him up with that intense glare of hers, which he had come to love; however, this look was different than the ones he was used to. They were cold, non-trusting, and he hated it. He wanted her to trust him again, which would be a battle.
Said Time Traveler could barely comprehend her name as Peggy said it. Everything felt distance to Toni as she slipped the other boot on. It wasn't until Peggy placed a hand on Toni's shoulder that she snapped back to the Agent, who was looking at her worried. "Peg," she replied.
, and if you call me Sark again, I will punch your lights out."
"Hey, Buddy, do you want to me to throw another wrench at you?" she asked as she reached for the closest tool on the table. "Correction, a screwdriver. You want me to throw a screwdriver at you?" she yelled as she waved the screwdriver. "And you ask a lot of questions."
Steve smiled into her hair. "Oh, really? You don't drool?" he teased. "But a little drool hadn't hurt anyone."
He was still sitting at the table, reading the newspaper. He looked up at her and his mouth almost dropped, because she looked amazing in the dress. "…Help with what?"
"The flirty blond woman next door?" Toni interrupted her, giving her the stink eye. Though Sharon was the last person she wanted to see, it did give her something else to focus on rather than Barnes' ghost. Like the fact that Barton always teased her about the flirty Blond who might just steal Steve away. A blond that he surely knew was a fucken Shield agent. She was going to kill him. Kill him slowly with the new arrows that she made him. Then she would break them in his face, mocking him, as she refused to make him any new arrows. The ass could go back to the standard Shield arrows.
Toni made her way to the weapons tent, where Salty had stationed her. As she was considered a soldier, she had a task like everyone else, even if she was from the future. It annoyed her though as she had no interesting in working in the weapons tent, but that would probably be the best spot for her, even if Phillips did this to her on purpose. He loved to mess with her, though he would deny it.
Just like the 1940's, she was truly alone with no one to help her. Now, that was a kick to the head. No suit, no phone, no technology, and working on very little sleep. She didn't know how she was standing, but she did know that she was totally screwed. Was she going to die here? And where the hell was she?
Tony chuckles. Though he may not like his overprotective AIs, he must say it's funny to see them go into full guard dog mode. "She's been talking to Vision."
"It's not that," Barnes stated as he turned back to her for a second. "It's your I-don't-care-about-others attitude. You can't treat people like that and expect people to like you." He disappeared into his bedroom. She was going to open her mouth to protest, but she decided against it.
"Going to scare her into hailing Hydra?" Rumlow mocked as he looked away. "Not sure how that's going to work, if he disobeys at the sight of her."
, and as she thought about it, it made sense. Total sense. "No," she yelled at herself. Toni didn't have time for this, as she had to deal with the insane Aldrich, whose dream would mean the end of them. He didn't care about human life. He didn't care about anything besides himself.
Peggy nodded. "It is, and I can't wait to meet mini you." She gave Toni one last hug before saying her good-byes. There were some tears in her eyes, which Toni had rarely seen. "And don't forget: their deaths are not your fault, okay?" she said, staring at her. "Say it," she said sternly after a few seconds of silence.
When Natasha reached the door, she turned to him, studying the silent Rogers. "What set you off this time?" she asked.
Toni's head started to hurt as she replayed the interaction with the S.T.R.I.K.E. team, trying to see if it really was all in her head. If it wasn't, then why the hell did they leave her on the ground? And who the hell was this team? "And my device?" she asked, slowly kicking her feet over the bed.
He looked at her as he unchained her from the chair, but her hands were still tightly chained together. "I would like to show you something," he stated as he grabbed her by her forearm.
Rumlow was moving before anyone else could react. "What's up, Barton?" he asked, eyeing the controls.
"I need to talk to you
"Chicken," she called herself. She took another deep breath as pulled down her shirt to stare at her chest. Her Arc Reactor wasn't as bright as it was supposed to be, which scared the shit out of her, and she had none of the proper tools to fix it. Even in the cave, she had resources, but here, there was nothing. Did the tools she need even exist here? She could die if she didn't get to that device in time. "How much time do I have?" she asked herself. She would have to keep an eye on it and hope she would get to her device in time.
"JARVIS," Toni called, giving Romanoff a look. "Start the movie. I want to see Clint cry."
this place. She hated it more than she thought possible, and she wanted to burn it into the ground. She wanted to light a match and watch it go up in flames. She wouldn't leave the owner penniless, but she would leave this place beyond repair. She would leave it in ashes, forcing Steve to leave. That was how much she hated this place.
Toni stood a few feet from the tree, just staring at it for minutes without saying a word. The tree wasn't the best decorated as it had odd bulbs and ornaments, but it had meaning behind them unlike the other trees that Toni had seen. The ornaments were more playful than anything else, but she didn't care. She like the Avengers themed ornaments that lined the tree, and she chuckled at the Iron Man and Captain America one. Ever since the media posted that picture of them kissing, the Avenger merchandise skyrocketed, and everyone wanted a piece, especially if it had America Favorite couple. She wasn't sure how she was one half of America Favorite Couple, considering what her reputation was.
The Colonel smiled. "Just make sure you return favor."
Clint let out a chuckle from his spot on the floor. "You just want to make me cry, don't you?" His head was rested against the side of a chairs, while his feet was hidden under the glass table. "This movie always makes me cry."
As your reward, you get a new chapter. Please let me know what you think.
Tony felt his eyes water at that and was glad to find Steve was just as easily moved, when Peter did the same to him later that evening when he returned home.
"It wasn't a bio-wepaon, then?" Peter asked eager for answers.
"I suppose we try and find a different way out. I'm not receiving any communications, so either everyone stopped talking at this exact moment, which I highly doubt, or we are cut off."
"I want to stay here."
"You're lying." The words were spoken calmly, matter-of-factly. There was no emotion that had pushed them through his lips. It was just the truth. Simple and true. "No, you're lying."
"Oh..hey. sorry, I was-"
"Good evening, Peter. It is currently one hour and 24 minutes past your curfew."
Day 20, Prompt #20: "You could talk about it, you know."
Tony felt his throat constrict as strange emotions surged upwards inside him. He hadn't thought of Richard Parker since they parted ways, so many years ago, but it seemed Richard had not forgotten about him. He'd even told his son about him.
"Oh come on,
"What did you do?!" His dad all but growled at him, but his next words were even more confusing as his voice broke as if in grief. "It's what you didn't do." Peter made as if to reach out, to comfort his dad but his next words effectively shut him down. "Get out, Spider-Man. You're not welcome here."
"Peter!" Bruce moved to try and catch him before he got hurt, but to his surprise Peter landed without trouble on his feet next to the bed. Bruce put a hand to his chest in relieve as he tried to settle his heart rate. "Peter, are you alright?"
Steve ran over to them and gently but urgently took Peter, hugging him as tight as he dared, before kissing him on the head, cheeks and nose causing even more giggling to erupt out of the tiny person.
His pops leaned forward, forcing Peter to look at him. "Peter, what goes on with either company is unrelated to you. There should be no problem with you going on this fieldtrip. You are just another student there to learn something."
"Hey Peter. Uhm, I was looking for your dad." Steve looked as uncomfortable as Peter felt, not sure how to act around him now. "I'm guessing he's not here then."
"Could he be waking up?" Bruce turned towards the slumbering teen, observing his rapid eye movement behind closed lids. "Peter, can you hear me?"
"Peter, I need you to calm down." As Natasha approached low to the ground and slowly, Peter seemed to settle ever so slightly. "I want to help you,
Still holding Peter, is how Tony found them both in the morning. Both passed out on the sofa, Peter's plushy wedged under Steve's cheek and both blankets spread haphazardly across their bodies.
Steve mentally sighed, Qatara immediately picking up on it through their bond, and walked into the living area. Tony was shut off, nothing would get him to open up now except news of Peter or said teenager himself. Not to say Steve wasn't worried out of his mind. Peter was his son too and he'd
"Wait!" The call abruptly cut out. For a moment Peter could not move a muscle as shock ran through his body. Then he was running for the lab where his suit and webshooters were. He'd been upgrading them, but those upgrades would have to wait.
Day 26, Prompt #26: "You keep me warm."
At Peters outrageous expression she burst into laughter, a sound so sweet it had Peter completely forgetting about his troubles. At an attempt to save what little dignity he had, he swatted playfully at her trying to make her stop, although truthfully he didn't want her to stop.
Tony was no stranger to nightmares, especially when he was worried about something or someone. In this case, Peter. So the nightmares that followed that night were not unexpected. What was unexpected was waking up abruptly from a nightmare, only to feel as if he were still dreaming. Emergency lighting was flashing in his room and from the sudden movement beside him, Tony knew Steve had awoken too and was already up. Tony quickly followed his lead, sparing a quick glance to find Basil nervously fidgeting on his nightstand, before turning his attention to JARVIS.
happen!" Tony said as he grabbed Peter by the arms and against his best intentions shook the boy in hopes that the message would somehow sink in better this way. He felt a desperation like nothing before and if he didn't get it through to his son, he felt like he would shatter. "I'm not trying to punish you by leaving you behind. I have a very good reason for doing so and if you had bothered to pay attention to anything other than your own fate, you would have noticed there were others also left behind. But you just had to play the hero and now someone else is suffering for your mistake!"
"Can you not hear them?" He suddenly asked Peter, sounding genuinely confused.
you. I'm doing this for
Peter felt nothing. The world didn't stop. His body kept working normally. Kalyca didn't make a sound. No thoughts suddenly rushed through his head. Just nothing.
"Peter, I don't like this." Kalyca whispered, hunched beside him. Peter agreed with her, the strange feeling of
"Not at all. Go ahead."
"The point is where we stand on him joining the Avengers."
. And
Thus he sprinted and occassionally swung his way through the giant spaceship that Quill had "recovered" on one of his recent jobs. Not that he checked for infestations, unfortunately. All he could do now was survive and outrun whilst his family found a way to help him.
"You dare to make fun of me. I was a victim. You wound me."
"What? What's wrong?!" the driver glanced at his partner nervously.
was in this big battle and he won, but a lot of people had gotten trapped in the area. He managed to rescue them all, but he'd gotten hurt bad. Before he called his family for help, he changed back into his civilian clothes since he wasn't ready for them to know just yet. But Peter didn't make it and they blamed Spider-Man for it. From their point of view, Spider-Man managed to save everyone, several dozens of people, but he couldn't manage to save Peter."
"Enough!" Steve interrupted the shouting match, pushing both parties away form each other. "I heard enough."
All eyes turned to Peter who seemed only to get more distraught, pulling at his own hair to try and alleviate his turmoil. "I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to. Why is this happening?!”
"Sorry uncle Bruce. In a rush." He sprinted past him, not caring how his behaviour must be setting off all kinds of alarm bells. In the back of his mind, he could recognise the beginnings of a panic attack, his fear for Gwen derailing his entire mind.
"What?! No of course not. Pepper has been helping me get a handle on suddenly raising a child. She also looks after him from time to time whenever I'm away for business."
"I should have done more, better." Peter cut back.
In case it wasn't clear: that whole first scene was in Tony's head and having Peter there lay dying in his arms sent his mind into shock. Whether he will survive or not is anyone's guess :) Perhaps if another prompt for this event speaks to me in regards to this one, but we'll see.
"Of course not. But maybe he knows who did. Although, I'm not sure if we should bother him." Rhodey nodded his agreement.
"That was my intention, but he wasn't in his room or anywhere else."
Peter never heard the answer because at that moment something slammed into the side of the car sending them careening towards the left crash barrier and ramming them into it violently. It was over in seconds, but left Peter with a pounding head, ringing in his ears, and a constant tingling from his new danger sense.
"I may have, accidentally mind you, knocked the entire packet of salt into the mix."
"What?! Why?"
First time writing  James Rhodey and Sam Wilson, sorry if they come over all wrong.
"The Avengers have all returned to the Tower, sir." Friday reported as Tony cleaned his son's face as gently as possible. He was clearly awake, but it was like there was no one inside.
Peter accidentally knocked against his mug as he got caught up in his arguement with Kalyca. He barely managed to keep it steady, only spilling a little bit on the table. "Sorry", he mumbled as he attempted to cover it with a napkin. Gwen was watching him but it was Devlin's stare that unnerved him. It was like the owl was studying him, maybe even judging him? Gwen caught him looking at Devlin and was quick to shush Devlin who turned to stare out the window as if nothing had happened.
Kalyca's skin was moving, shifting as if she were trying to
"Still alive, dad?" He called teasingly from the living room. He turned around at the footsteps heading into the room., his dad looking both parts furious and devastated.
"Tony, hey, look at me." Steve released his arm and both hands grabbed hold of his face and refused to let go even as Tony tried to wiggle free. "It's just the flu or something. JARVIS would pick up on anything life threatening. Peter is going to be fine."
"Hey, what do you think you are doing?! You can't just walk into my house!" Aunt May made to scuffle after the men stomping into the house, but Peter heard the movement behind his aunt and knew what was coming. "Hey! Let go of me!" Daijee shrieked loudly in protest.
"Then come home, Peter."
He needed answers, right
"Come one, let's get you cleaned up and then we'll figure this out." Peter allowed himself to be herded out of his room and toward the common area where his appearance was certain to give two avengers the shock of their lives. Sam could not deny after this whole mess was dealth with, that the shock on their faces was a joy to witness.
"Mutants or people like uncle Bruce and myself." Peter concluded. People with mutated genes.
"Pops-"
Day 17, Prompt #17: "There's just something about him."
It was spoken in a whisper and broke Bruce's heart. Peter was confused and scared, it showed in his expression and his stance. His eyes fleeting left and right trying to find a way out. Bruce wished he could check on Kalyca as Peter had yet to make any mention of her, almost as if he'd forgotten about her, but he dared not look away from the teenager who was emotinally unstable while presenting a severe increase in strength and strange ability to stick to ceilings. With Kalyca's
"No! Dad! Please fight, please don't give up."
For a moment Tony watched Thor, considering the offer. But he knew Peter had left his phone on purpose, so he couldn't track him. A clear indication he wanted to be left alone. Why he couldn't be alone in his room, in the safety of the tower with the entire avenger family present to watch out for him, was beyond Tony.
"Peter Parker, excellent." the man clapped his hands together with false cheerfulness, his gaze predatory as it fixed on Peters'. It sent all kinds of warnings through his head.
It took a few seconds, but Peter maanged to whisper a response. "Uncle...Sam?"
"I'm serious, Tony! I'm using almost everything I've got!"
"Fear not, I can handle one human child."
"Tony, you need to take calm and depp breaths. You're going to hyperventilate."
The kid stared at him for a good thirty seconds, before suddenly extending his hand and offering Happy the stuffed dinosaur he'd been playing with. Hesistantly he took it causing a huge grin to appear on the kid's face.
Peter is about 4 or 5 in this one. Obviously my headcanon adjusted for Tony and Steve to be together earlier and to have Peter from a very young age together.
His dads never lied to him. Uncle Ben hadn't made it. Uncle Ben had
Day 25, Prompt #25: "I could really eat something."
"NO!" Tony surged forward, catching his limp son as his foe released him. "Peter? Petey, stay with me. Please kiddo, please don't go. Peter!"
"You didn't break anything, right? Are you dizzy? Nauseous?"
"His name is Basil. I am Tony."
"I know, I know.. I was worried, scared... I know that's no excuse, but it's happened. I can't change that."
, growing stronger every second.
The noise had gotten the attention of his partner in trouble. "You alright, kid?"
"So it was like an aggressive virus."
"Ah, it means a great deal. It means you are important to me. It means you are the world to me. It means I want you to be happy and safe. I guess all in one, it means I love you."
"You cheated, birdbrain!"
Every human has wings, but not everyone has wings by which they can flynor are everyone's wings made of feathers.
Rating: General
His spider sense suddenly alerted him to danger behind him, giving him just enough time to dodge under the punch. He stumbled back, not having expected to be under attack in his own home. "Friday! Lights!"
"Peter? Come on, kid. Answer me."
Tony walked away, only to be forcefully turned around by Clint. "You don't get to walk away. What happened is the worst pain imaginable, I would know as I've got kids too, Stark. I can imagine what you're feeling." Tony was quickly shushed before he could interrupt and Clint's next words hit a bit too close to home. "Peter was your everything, but he was that to someone else too. Do you think Steve is doing any better than you?"
"I need to be alone for a while."
Despite his unease at the words and the way they were spoken, guarded and cautiously, Happy found himself wanting to reassure his friend. "Of course I'll help you, Tony. So what's going on?"
Prompt number 2: "Just follow me, I know the area."
Little did Peter know, he was being observed by some of the guardians.
Ned stared at the broken windows as he tried to comprehend what had just happened and more importantly, what he should do now. Peter and himself had been the last two in the classroom as they gushed over a new game, when out of nowhere something big crashed through the windows and grabbed Peter before leaving the same way.
No wonder, his dad had reacted the way he did. He wasn't known for handling loss very well and not knowing Spider-Man was
"My apologies for interrupting, but I just received a phone call from Mrs. Parker." JARVIS commented.
"Dad, I'm sorry-" Tony didn't give him the chance to finish, all control over his emotions were out the window and PEter was taking the brunt of it all despite his intentions.
"Tony, stop!"
"Why wouldn't Peter want Tony to track him?" Steve asked suspiciously. He looked pointedly at Tony, knowing something had happened.
"What do you mean?"
"Like," Tony began as he leaned ever so closer to his son before gently kissing him on the forehead, right before his hairline. "A kiss on the forehead means you're precious to me." Tony then gently held Peter's face as he continued. "A kiss on the nose to make you smile." Before Peter could process his words, Tony quickly pecked his son right on the nose, causing indeed a smile to erupt on his face as tried ot pull away.
Peter buried himself in his jacket to combat the chill in the air. It was unseasonably cold today but he hadn't been in the right headspace when he'd stormed out of his home. He wasn't normally so easy to rile up but everything was different and kind of terrifying at the moment. Not a time when he could handle being verbally attacked by his own dad.
Peter fiddled with one of his tools as he tried to find a way to explain. "You're not wrong. Something has changed, but it's not bad." He quickly added at the devastated look on Steve's face. "I really like spending time with you and I see how happy dad is with you. And it's stupid that just because you're putting a lable on it, that it suddenly makes a difference, but..."
"Bullshit!"
Rating: General
, is my son?"
Peter had seen his uncles and aunts do some crazy things, but he was not prepared for this and neither was Ned as he stood with his mouth agape wathcing the scene. Four of his uncles were seated before the television -Uncle Scott, uncle Clint, Uncle Rhodes and Uncle Happy, each holding a familiar controller with the new mario party game playing on the screen.
"Oh no, no, no, no! I didn't mean to do that?" As he approached, Peter noticed he'd knocked out none other than Clint Barton. He quickly checked for a pulse, relieved when he found one. Illarias his daemon hung from his shoulder, unharmed but out cold much like her human.
The stranger seemed unperturbed by this act of defiance and it quickly became clear why. With an eery calmness, the man drew a gun and pointed it straight at his uncle Ben. "I'm afraid I have to insist."
"Sent it to me, JARVIS."
Footsteps form behind alerted him to his pops arriving. His dad would be in his suit below, ready to catch him if the need arose. "Hey Peter, are you ready?" Pops leaned down a little to look him in the eyes and from his reaction, Peter knew he could tell how nervous he was.
"Peter, you almost DIED!"
Peter would be fine. That was the last thought in his head as Tony drifted off to sleep.
Tony stood frozen, watching without looking as Steve crumbled beside Peter. Qatara began to howl and Basil shook beside him, unable to hide or control his emotions unlike his human. Tony did nothing to soothe his daemon. He couldn't. Basil's grieve was his own and just like no one could help him, he couldn't help Basil.
Peter woke up from the sun shining through the gap in his curtains. Still half asleep he dragged himself out of bed, maneuvering around Kalyca who lay curled up against his stomach. When his hand made contact with a wall rather than a door, it occurred to him he shouldn’t be able to see the sun so early through his window with how tall the Avengers’ tower was. He turned around and observed his room, noticing the lack of items that usually occupied the space. Kalyca yawned and stretched before giving him a pointed look.
"Probably not." Peter answered looking over his shoulder to make sure his uncle was keeping up. At the expression on the avenger's face, he decided to elaborate. "I tracked down a rogue scientist who had mutated himselb by accident into a giant lizard. He had his hideout down here."
"Welcome home, Peter. How was school?"
Peter hesitated in anwering. He so wanted to tell them the truth, but it would only hurt them more. They may dislike or even hate Spider-Man forever, but the truth of the matter was that neither he nor Peter would return. Nothing would change and he'd only be causing them more grief by revealing himself to be Peter but not
"Peter!" Sam leaned down and gently touched the kid's shoulder. Peter jerked in surprise before looking up with a dazed look to his eyes. "Peter? Can you understand me?"
Remembering his encounter with his dad gave him a theory. "Maybe it's not me who's been affected. Dad nearly killed me and then threw me out of the tower for trespassing, as if he didn't know me."
"But it
"You could talk about it, you know."
"Oh sorry, I forgot. This is-”
"You can't cheat on this game!"
"I can't come back," Peter answered sounding solemn. "I just called to asks about pops and to tell you something." The three men shared worried looks as they waited for Peter to continue. "Don't follow me and don't look for me."
Peter convinced Friday to help him gather all the avengers in one place. Not mentioning they were summoned by Spider-Man certainly helped. Even though it probably wouldn't be a good idea to confront them at the Tower, it was Peter's home too and he felt more comfortable there. The hostile looks from some were unnerving, but mostly Peter noticed grief and shock when he crawled along the ceiling into the room.
It's Steve's turn again. I feel like I use Tony too much so I figured I give Steve a go again.
Warning(s): None
"What does that have to do with me?"
"Hilarious, Clint."
Aunt May could do nothing as these men dragged her unconscious nephew away. Their leader stopped beside her on his way out. "This could have gone far better, had you just cooperated."
A sharp pinch broke his frozen state but before he could realize what was happening or why his aunt May suddenly shouted and reached for him, he passed out.
"He just died, Steve! Who knows what else is wrong with him. Bruce said himself he hadn't been able to figure everything out yet. Wish he'd hurry up already and tell us."
"Impossible. Friday keeps the tower on lockdown from all intruders."
"Are you still ready to sign the papers, sir?"
“True, but her situation can change, so keeping an eye on her is time well spent, unlike someone else I could mention.”
The soft voice was no doubt that of Kalyca. Everyone watched confused as Peter reached out to Raakel, but rather than touch Raakel -whihc Peter would never do normally- he stopped just inches before her. The avengers slowly came closer to see what was going on and then they saw it. A small, purple colored spider slowly crawled off Raakel's head and onto Peter's hand. He gasped upon contact and tears sprung into his eyes, despite his confusion.
"Friday? Are you there?"
it!" Peter exclaimed, getting a raised eyebrow for his efforts. "I just felt a strange feeling, like someone was watching me or in this case following me. Guess I was right."
That just made Gwen laugh even more and soon enough Peter joined in, her laughter even more contagious than her smile. Kalyca jumped up on the bench watching happily, sharing a knowing look with Devlin.
"Nope. Next, I might just kiss you."
After several minutes both teens calmed down enough for Gwen to ask Peter a question. "Would you like, maybe, if you're not too busy, and if you want of course-"
"Shouldn't you worry about yourself? Or did I imagine you falling down here with me and you're just a hallucination I conjured up to comfort myself? Because if that is the case, it's an odd choice for my brain seeing the many different aunts and uncles I could have called on."
was allowed to see him. His own son! He’d been ready to tear into Bruce if it weren’t for Steve. His husband was his complete opposite; calm, patient, level headed and ordered. Steve was the reason he was sitting here in the kitchenette, his back to his avenger family seated on the sofa and chairs. They had dropped in one after the other when the news of Peters’ situation had spread throughout the team.
Peter flexed his hands trying to deduce his situation. Strong, plastic wire held fast to his struggling, though Peter had a feeling he could break them if he really wanted to, considering what had happened yesterday with the avengers.
"Yeah, yes. Something like that."
tbc...
"Parker, you alright kid?"
"You don't know where he might have gone?"
"Don't worry. We're fine. Though I wouldn't mind getting a bit closer to her and maybe go home?"
Peter looked away from the collection of villains, despite evidence indicating they were anything but villains. His world didn't make any sense anymore and he'd had quite enough of it. It was childish perhaps, but even he had his limits and this day was the worst he'd ever had. Kidnapping seemed like only a minor issue to deal with and one he was oddly familiar with. It was easier to focus on just that, rather than the obvious issue of the
“Staring at Kalyca is not going to change anything either.”
Half an hour into his walk he got the strangest feeling creep up his spine. Like someone was watching him, or worse - following him. So focusse dhe was on what was behind him, Peter didn't notice the portal opening before him, nor the wizard step out until he ran smack into the man.
or his own family.
Peter felt a tug at his heart the further he dropped. His bond with Kalyca was straining!
Peter stared with his mouth open at the boy as he spwed every question at him in quick succession. "What are you talking about?! I have never met you in my life. Who do you think I am?!"
He heard her shout for him in his mind and it inspired ihm to fight, to not give up. He wasn't dead yet, Kalyca wasn't gone yet! He tried to slow his fall but the ground was already there. He closed his eyes as he awaited the impact but to his surprise he felt his body twist and land smoothly on the ground.
"Sorry, I don't plan these things, you know." He gave a wry smile that evoked a grin from his dad. Though uncomfortable, the strain on his connection to Kalyca was better than the alternative. Their bond was in tact. He looked up, barely able to make her out looking down at him. His dad followed his gaze, horror overtaking his.
“Thor no, leave him be. Something is wrong.“
"It's only difficult when you fight it too much."
"Oh, you did mention
"Do you have- ! Can you even- !" Steve couldn't even finish his sentences, his throat clogging up as images bombarded his mind.
"And if I hadn't gone out there, that building would have exploded and everyone inside of it would have died!"
"Is this the residence of one Ben Parker and May Parker?"
"Peter! Catch!" Aunt Nat, who had been flying the quinjet, tossed him a brightly colored, orb of some kind. "Toss it and have some fun!" She laughed as she tossed her own out the open door.
"Pete? Kiddo?" Tony didn't want to overwhelm him, but this was the first sign of life Peter had made since they found him. Peter lifted his head agonisingly slowly, his bangs hanging ever so slightly over his eyes. "What...what is it, kiddo?"
"Stuck on a thought?"
There was no answer nor any noises that could indicate his son being awake. Normally Tony would not intrude on his son's space, but with the kid not knowing yet if his pops was going to make it, Tony figured now was the exception to that rule. So after taking a deep breath he opened the door....
Everything happened in the span of a few seconds. Peter tried to break free, uncle Ben hit the man in the face causing his dog daemon to howl in pain, aunt May shouted as she struggled to get free herself to probably help, the leader shouted a warning that no one heard or if they did, ignored and the last thing his already ringing ears caught was the unmistakable sound of a gunshot.
(See the end of the chapter for
A burst of static came through the ear piece before a choppy answer managed to get through the bad connection. "What do you mean by that? It's right there on the main control panel. You can't miss."
"And what do you want with Peter?"
"I can't find her."
"We don't have much longer!"
He didn't get an answer from, but Tony had no chance to do anything his husband wasn't already trying, when Friday alerted him of reinforcements arriving within minutes. They needed to get out, now!
Story will be multichaptered. Not sure how long, but if I had to guess, between 5 and 8 chapters. Again, not sure. I've got a lot figured out but not everything so depending on how long and easily the chapters get, it could be more.
Gravity grabbed hold fast and powerful, and for a moment Peter panicked. But his pops pulled him up with him, holding him steady until his own wings found the wind current and he found himself no longer falling but instead floating.
"It really is you!" Ned exclaimed loudly when he finally released Peter. Peter asnwered by clapping a hand over his mouth and shushing him. "Sorry, it's just...I thought you were dead. How did you survive? I saw you're body! Can you come back alive? Is that a new spider ability you have?"
Which Harry Osborn for visual references and such should I use. I'm undecided between Harry Osborn as portrayed by James Franco or by Dane DeHaan? Although Dane belongs with Andrew's spider-man which is the movie I'm basing this all on, I'm unsure about using the same Harry Osborn.
Peter craned his head backwards to look at him and Bruce could see in the teens' eyes the moment he realised what he was looking at, or rather what
"So you need me to sign a permission slip. That's hardly cause for you to be so nervous about. You know your dad and me value your education."
"Well, technically he asked for a job, but considering the oftentimes dangerous products and experiments I couldn't hire a minor. However, Poppy came with the solution of an intern. As long as he's supervised, he can work at my company. When he'd old enough, I plan to give him an actual job."
Steve looked alarmed and tried to sit up. "Whoa there, stay put. You're in no condition to get up just yet."
Peter jumped when he looked at his hands which were black, or rather his suit had turned black. "What is this?" He wondered out loud.
"Where's Peter?" Steve gave him a confusing look which Bruce mimicked, only worrying Tony more. "He's not been here yet?"
"I can see that. Trust me it was not what I was expecting, but honestly I've seen some crazy things. I shouldn't really be surprised."
Wait!... Barnes, if she remembered correctly, had died in the war while working with Captain Rogers, and she had heard from her father that Rogers didn't take it well. "And how does that help me?" she asked. She started to feel pity for him, which annoyed her. She hated when people felt pity her, so she assumed he would as well.
Steve lifted his head and glanced out the window. His eyes scanned the visible view looking for anything, though impossible to see anything from his angle. "Are you okay? Are you hit?" He suddenly turned his attention back to her, his eyes drilling into her. She could get lost in those eyes, exploring every inch of his loving gaze. Granted, there was something else sneaking in. Fear? "Answer me! Toni?" he asked, checking her over with his hands. "Toni, talk to me. Are you okay?" His steady hands ran up and down her side.
Trying to focus on anything besides the pain, he turns his attention to the panic voices which has now doubled. There are two of them, and they seem to be getting closer with each passing second. As the distance closes between them, he can make out a few words, even if he doesn't completely understand what they are saying. He can hear the silent prayer in their voices
Howard lifted up a metal suitcase that he was holding. "So what does this do that you want it so badly?" he asked as he set the case down on the table that Toni was sitting.
"JARVIS," she called, though she couldn't hear her own voice. She didn't even know if she was speaking. What the hell was this? Her ears, in protest, were about to explode, and her mind was on strike, as she could no longer piece together full sentences. All she was left with was basic desires and needs. Right now, she only knew pain, and that feeling was overpowering. It almost sent her to her knees as everything started to grow distant. She suddenly felt frightened, feeling she was able to lose everything.
"So how long do you expect to her to stay here?" Bucky asked with a weak smile on his face. "I do have to say: she's quite the looker."
Toni could feel her eye twitch as he saw right through her. "I have, but that doesn't matter here." She looked pass Erskine's head and at the glass, wondering who was watching now.
She glared at him as she listened to the fast moving footsteps. Judging by the sound, it was one person, who was either very heavy or heavily armed.
"She won't even tell me mine," Steve stated as he tried to laugh it off.
"Steve."
An idea popped in his head. "Do you think…" He trailed off as he thought about the power she would need. There would only be one thing in the past that could have the juice needed.
"Nice try, Stark, but I will not play this game with you."
"Hey, that's my line," she said, her eyes drifted down to his hands. Again, silence fell, but once more, she was the first one who broke it. "I'm surprised that you hadn't touched me yet."
She glanced at his face before she looked back down at the box. She couldn't talk to him for the same reason why she didn't tell Barnes and Rogers the truth. "I can't talk to anyone."
Steve laughed as Potts was patched through. "Toni," he said softly with fondness.
The Asset kept in the shadows forcing himself at bay, not allowing himself within a few yards from her. It went against his training and programing. He was taught to study one's target before approaching, and if he was to make contract, it was to kill his target. He was never supposed to be seen, unless Hydra wanted to scare someone like the Senator. In this cases, it wasn't either one of those cases. He just wanted to know why he was so drawn to her, and he had to study her, to understand why.
"Yes, Rogers, you can google them if you want," she said with a wink.
However, it was the other people that you had to worry about. There were the quiet, sober people, who was had other ideas on their minds beside careless fun. These people weren't outright violent, but they could be if put in the right circumstance. These others were criminals, either drug dealers, prostitutes, robbers, etc., and what made them dangerous was that they were trying to make a living. They were willing to do whatever they needed as they had no other choice, which made them dangerous.
done this…well with anyone besides Pepper or me." He folded his arms across his chest as he fondly looked at Toni. It was clear how deeply he cared for the woman sleeping in Steve's arm. "This is different. I can already tell, so I do think this could work out…" He paused for a second. "Or could end badly."
After the 4th try, Toni gave up, as it felt like the world was coming down around her. With her vision clouding, she racked her brain for someone to call. She thought of Pepper, but that woman had made it clear that she didn't support her in her super hero life and she needed to put distance between the two. They may have loved each other dearly, but sometimes love wasn't enough. God, how could she allow herself to push away Pepper, a woman who had been there through everything? But she would answer, right? She had to. "Shut up." In a split decision, she dialed the red head, but with her heart-breaking, Pepper didn't pick up.
"Come….where…you…Baby."
That took her breath away, because that was the last thing that she had expected. She wasn't quite sure what she was expecting, but that wasn't it. She wasn't sure what he was judging her genus on, because he only saw her reactor and heard her smart ass mouth. Maybe that was enough. Whatever it was; it didn't matter. What matter was getting away, though she was beginning to wonder if she could.
"Don't tell me how to feel or what to do. I'm done with this game." She didn't want to be here anymore. She wanted to go and disappear. This guilty was burying her and she had no idea of how to handle it. Then there was a feeling of shame, because she didn't have the right to feel anything as it was her fault.
Maybe, she could lift someone's wallet…I can't do that to some poor bastard, she thought after thinking about it. She couldn't do that to someone, even if she was a heartless bitch, because they probably needed it for his family, who was probably worse off than she. Though I could pay him back once I get to the future, she reasoned. Maybe she could-
"Something tells me that you'll be a hand full for Steve," Jones said.
After dropping the wet clothes in the laundry basket and stepping out of the bathroom, he could feel Toni's eyes on him as she buried herself in the blanket. He smiled softly at her as he stepped to a chair. He turned his back on her a second to take his uniform off. He wasn't sure what it was about his movement, but the genius panicked at it.
It was that look that killed her. "I'm sorry, Steve." It felt weird on her tongue, but it was worth it to see the smile on his face. He had asked her before to call him Steve and she didn't. This time, she would try her best to call him Steve. "But I still don't think you should give up."
"Always working on something," he says, placing a kiss to the top of Tony's head. His lips linger as if he's expecting something more from the stiff genius. "Bucky made this for you."
"So they told you." She wasn't expecting that, though she didn't know what she was expecting. She took a deep breath, trying to relax.
"He also asked us to give this to you," the lawyer said, pulling out another yellow envelope out of his suit case.
He was going to ask the egoist Stark, the last resort, for help only to find that she had disappeared without a trace, and that didn't sit well with him. Sure, he knew she was working on something and the Avengers blamed her disappearance on that Device, but he wasn't so sure. It couldn't have been a coincidence that she disappeared on the same day that one of the SHIELD's bases was broken into. He would get to the bottom of this.
If it was possible, Toni's anger grew. Besides the sleeping pills she was currently using like vitamins, she wasn't using any type of hard drugs, granted she couldn't say in her youth that she hadn't. She had been a wild child, much to her father's displeasure. Now, she wouldn't even think about touching any hard drugs. Besides, she had liquor-hard liquor-, and it gave her the numbness she needed. "Why don't you release me and I show you how I feel about that idea?" she snapped, trying to force back the pain.
Soldier, leaning against the horribly painted glass doors. She got lost in his eyes as he looked at her with such fondness that it shocked her.
Jarvis added, quickly, as if the AI sensed her distress through the phone. "Actually, Miss, it's charging, but the power source is questionable. It may not succeed in revitalizing the Mark 42." Instead of his smooth computerize voice, his voice sounded choppy.
The woman- Toni, he reminded himself- got to her feet within seconds and spun around quickly. Standing in the darken shadows, he knew she wouldn't be able to make out his face, but he couldn't help but wish she could. He wanted to look into her eyes to see the emotions in her eyes, but that would be wrong. He was just the Asset, a tool, and he was trained never to look into someone's eyes, unless he was killing said person. To look at someone in the eyes was personal and it also sent a message; it made him more than a tool, which he wasn't. He was a weapon.
"Does this subject make you…make you edgy?" Harley stated as he looked up at her. His eyes were following her as she put some distant between her and him.
"You know that sounds like a challenge," she said with a smile.
"I like her mouth," Steve replied, almost growling which drew Schmidt back to him.
"Oh, tell me how you really feel about me!" Toni playfully whined, as her worry started to eat her on the inside.
"And the other devices?"
Romanoff's eye twitched. "Don't call me that."
"Toni," he said, firmly. It was clear he was not in a playing mood.
"She's fine, Steve," Barnes stated.
*O*O*
And for some reason, I am so wishing for an Toni and Sharon friendship. haha. I don't know why.
She buried herself in his arms, in his dirty uniform that he hadn't changed out of, and wrapped her arms tightly around his chest. As he wrapped her his arms around her and held her, she nestled her head under his chin at his shoulder. Toni closed her eyes as she tried to hold back her tears. He didn't know the truth, which was why he could say that. He didn't know that she knew, that she could've saved Barnes if she just told them the truth… She knew she couldn't have, but it didn't help her guilt or her broken heart, which shocked her. "I'm completely shitty." Her throat still ached.
She opened her eyes slowly. "It's just a flesh wound," she stated as she stood up. She looked toward the door and was greeted by the sight of Colonel Phillips. "Hello, Salty."
"There you go."
"Yup, you two are disgusting," a voice said from the door before Toni or Steve could say another word.
Clint laughed as he carefully reached into the box. "Poor Rogers. I wouldn't want that job. Her crazy plans—well if you can count them as plans—could get anyone killed, and then there's the fact that she doesn't know what morals are."
"I can show him my fists if that helps," he stated as he smiled at her.
At that moment, he felt another flashback coming on.
"Okay, then." He paused. "I guess there's nothing to speak about," he said, stepping closer to her. "Just move out of the away." He reached for the doorknob, but Toni put her weight completely against the door as if to stop him.
"Steve."
"So, what you're gelling me is that I get to spoil you with the added bonus of seeing you in my shirt?" he asked with a light squeak. At that moment, his eyes were as blue as the morning sky on a clear day.
"You wish you had my hand," Gabe teased as he waved his cards slightly.
Phillips watched Toni's expression to see if he could read her. It appeared she was a master in hiding her emotions, but she had a few tells. He could see the worry and fear in her eyes.
"Toni." Seeing his face and hearing his voice, she knew something was extremely wrong. It was like he was crying, but not crying at the same time. "You're awake." He looked defeated.
It has been awhile. I have been suck on this chapter for awhile, which is why i kept switching to my other Story.
"I only act like I know everything, Rogers." She replied, narrowing his eyes at him. Her expression changed, softening a bit as she met his glance
"No, you don't," Rhodes replies, glaring at them. "So back off."
She eyed him. Whenever he said nothing, there was something. His nothing rarely meant nothing. "Did Sassy tell you about my nightmares?" she asked. That woman told Barnes, so maybe she told Steve. Maybe, Toni should change Peggy's nickname to loud mouth.
His hand dropped from her face as he leaned back from her slightly. "No, the military is handing that. They don't want SHIELD anywhere near it. Politics or something, though I'm not sure how much SHIELD is really holding back. I doubt Fury isn't looking into it as we speak."
"Toni," Rogers called. She was at the door before he called her name. "Toni." Again, he had a special way of saying her name that drove her crazy. "Where are you going? What's going now?"
"Your heart is too big at times."
"I know how to get home. I don't need you."
Blowing out in a big huff, Steve crossed to the only window in his room, which's view was of a brick wall. "She was, but she's injured and has memory lost. I don't want her in a homeless shelter or anything like that. Those places would eat her alive"
"Do you hurt when he hurts?"
Steve didn't give her a chance to move as he crossed to her quickly. He didn't give Bruce any thought as his focus was on Toni and only Toni. "Toni," he called, as he tried to pull her into his arms. He wanted to hold her and never let her go, but it seemed like she wanted none of that. He couldn't say that it didn't hurt.
*O*O*
Natasha's eye twitches. "Idiot." Her tone changes slightly, more playful. "Play dumb, Stark, but I'm referring to Barnes' comment about him wanting Rogers to play nurse instead of you."
Steve's arms tightened around her. "No, you aren't," he said as he placed a kiss to the top of her head. "Not even close." He rested his head on hers.
"I have never met a woman like you," he stated.
if she didn't. She needed to focus on her plan, on her tech, because an angry genius was not smart. "Tell me something I don't know," she mocked. She tried to be as still as she could in the hopes to draw him closer.
them, which was a clue enough for her that it was time to go. Or the clue could've been one of the ladies calling after Toni saying that she could do whatever Toni wanted.
"Steve," she interrupted, her eyes drilling into him. "I liked the Shrimp vision of you. I love how sweet you were—are. I loved the 'never- give-up' attitude." She smiled, noticing the softness in his eyes. "I started to fall for you then, and sure, I love this body. Seriously, just look at you. Man, those abs should be illegal, but I fell for the small Steve, who even then stood for what he stood for. So don't you d-"
He laughed as he kneed down next to her. "I think you're fooling yourself," he started. "Have you seen what you look like?" He was looking at her as if she was going to break.
." It was forced as he tried to wave it off.
She glanced at him. "For what?"
Barnes stared. "You don't have one of those, do you?"
"What are you planning to do with her?" Erskine asked. "Are you going to speak with her again?"
Steve snapped out of his thoughts and focused on Natasha, who was staring at him like he was a child. "I'm fine," he said. "Why don't we go in?" He waved toward the door, feeling a few water droplets on him. It was about to rain, and it was going to rain hard.
There was no anger or judgement in her face. There was this softness in Sharon's face, a softness that Toni had never been directed at her before from this woman. Though it was weird, it was welcomed. "Hey, Toni. You okay?" she asked, gently. Her hold did loosen, allowing Toni to break free, but she kept a firm hand on the brunette.
get it to work, though she had been working on this suit for countless, sleepless nights. If Steve saw her now, he would be giving her one of his famous lectures and forcing her into bed… However, if he climbed in with her, she wouldn't be against the idea. That night that he slept with her was one of the best nights she had ever had. It seemed so long ago now, like some kind of a dream.
She shook her head as she didn't believe him. He was up to something. "I'm fine," she snapped. "What do you want?"
Taking a deep breath, Toni put down her bag and turned to the tent's flap. "Barnes," she greeted with a smile. "Hey." She knew why he came.
Toni watched him leave, knowing this was for the best. She had other things to do, like see Salty, which she hadn't been able to do. She had something to talk to him about.
That isn't what Tony wants to hear, and he rushes back to New York at top speed. He knows Lang, Rhodes, and Vision can come up with something, considering the brain power between the three, but he doesn't like the idea of leaving his team hanging. He needs to be there. He needs to protect them.
Toni took a deep breath as she tried to calm herself. She didn't want the guys to see her like this, but she knew she couldn't hide this from them. She was a mess inside and out; there was no way she could control her emotions in her present state. Maybe, Rogers would be too pissed to notice and Barnes would be too distracted by a pissed Rogers. O' god, she hoped so. She couldn't deal with their questions right now.
He turned away but Toni could tell that he was still smiling. "I'll be back and then you'll be promising me anything that I want, just to get out of here."
Natasha noticed the increase tension and jumped between them. "Guys calm down. You-"
"Yes!" Peggy cheered with more energy that she had a second ago. "Where is my camera to catch it all?"
How would she know? And why would she care? They aren't friends, and she blames him for her parent's death, which he guess is his fault. His weapons and all. Plus, he's at fault for her brother's death, and for that, he hates himself. Why does everything he touches go to hell? Why is he such an idiot? Why didn't he leave well enough alone? Maybe, he deserves this for causing so much pain. Maybe, this is his punishment for the pain that he has caused. Maybe, Maximoff wants him dead, and he doesn't blame her.
She glared at him, fighting to stay awake. Her body felt stiff and heavy, almost alien to her. "Just go on with your theory." Her head was spinning, and she knew if she tried to stand, it wouldn't end well.
Steve glanced at him. "Did you finish the device?" he asked, not answering him.
start to build up inside of her, as he continued to bug her. Her mind went to Steve without hesitation, as she wanted- needed him. "Remember when I told you, that I have an a…anxiety issue?"
"Yes, Miss. It would be my pleasure. Your body temperature is dropping, and if you stayed any longer, your health would be at risk. I-"
Though he was unsure of what exactly Steve was thinking, he knew it had to be the same thing as him. It hurt like a bitch to leave without Toni. He had to watch her be taken, and now he had to leave her. He failed her again.
Knowing that something had to be happening, she forced herself to awake. She didn't know what it was, but Schmidt was flipping switches. "What's going on?" she asked as she started to hear a racket outside of the control room. The louder the sounds were, the more she was convinced it was Rogers.
This was when Toni stepped back and away from Peggy, who was breaking in front of the genius. "Please, don't do this. We have time. We can work it out," the Agent begged.
"JARVIS, quiet," Toni ordered, glaring.
"You don't even know who she is?... She doesn't know who she is," Bucky commented. "She could be some murderer or at least dangerous. I know she's gorgeous, but that doesn't mean this is smart."
"You never let me have any fun," Dugan said, pushing down on his cane.
Tony ignores the twitch in his eyes as everyone already thinks this is his fault. It feels so fucken great. "Really? The team thinks we were dating?!"
*O*O*
"Bite hard," Toni added with a smile. She took a look at Barnes, who was still eyeing her.
"Is she okay?" She could hear the concern in his voice.
*O*O*
She looked him in the eyes. "You know this won't be easy," she said, thinking she could talk him out of this.
"Thank you, Sir."
"What are you doing?" Barnes asked, frantically, as he noticed Steve backing up.
Dugan eyed her. "Toni, you don't have to lie."
"You thinking too much."
"Finally," he muttered as he entered the dark lobby, freeing himself from the noise of the party upstairs (if he could call it a party). "I wonder how long Steve's going to be." He crossed to one of the navy blue chairs to sit, when he noticed Toni sitting on the dirty white floor in the corner of the room. She was staring out the window at the heavy snow. "Toni," he called as he walked to her.
*O*O*
Here he was just a few yards from Stark Tower, waiting for her to drive or flew by. The waitress made a note about that being common when she noticed him staring at the building. She smiled and walked away not realizing that he was waiting for something more. He ignored the man at the next table telling him to ask for her number, which Steve didn't want at all. He knew seeing another Dame –no, woman –would probably (not) help him get over Toni, but he couldn't even think of going out with another woman.
Kicking his under armor shirt to the side, Steve made his way to the other side of the bed, aware of the fact that Toni had shifted to keep watching him. He wasn't sure why she felt the need to keep him in her sights at all time, but he didn't mind it. He was just worried about her, worried what was running through her mind. What had she seen that had gotten her like this? What scared her so bad?
She didn't know when she had fallen asleep, but she couldn't have been asleep for more than a few hours at the best. It was still dark out, when she woke, and that meant she could sneak out of the bathroom. She opened the door and took a step out, almost tripping over a sleeping Rogers.
Yup, she was totally setting up a play date for these two. What did you think to grown man do on those things? Did she need snacks? Drinks? Did she need to block a room at a laser tag place or something?
"Huh?" she uttered as she stepped closer to the table.
"…Better not…dead….Punk," one says, panic clearly in his voice even if he tries to mask it with anger. "I'll….back…life just…kill..."
"D-didn't call y-you! I'm f-fine! I a-am-"
She took a seat at one of the tables in the lab as she eyed the only door into the room. It would be the only way into the room and she didn't want Howard to get the surprise on her. Out of habit, her hands reached for the closest thing: a crescent wrench, and started to mindlessly play with it. The wrench was cold in her hand and it felt nice as the room was warm. She couldn't understand why it was so hot in here. Should it be colder with all of his equipment?
Toni put back the hammer that some asshole had changed his mind about when he was checking out. He had given her his best smile that he could muster and asked her in the most annoying manly voice he could if she wanted to go out with him. She politely told him no, but that didn't work as this was the third time that he had done that. He had come in every day for the last few days and done the same thing, which was really infuriating. She had told Nick about it, but he just waved it off as nothing. He was happy about the increase in sales that Toni brought it and didn't want to start a fight with anyone by addressing it.
"I hear you, Barton," Steve replied. "I'll put that arrow in myself before I hurt her. I'll never hurt her. Never."
Toni's eyes widened as she never expected him to be in the robotic lab. He was not an engineer in any sense of the word, and there were other labs that he would've liked better. "Good, I need to see him."
"No," Howard said, and Toni could tell him that he was sincere.
"Later," she replied, turning from him.
Steve put the bag down and placed his coat in the closet. "Yes."
Wanda doesn't look startled at his anger. "Why do you think so little of yourself?" she asks, sounding almost sad.
Toni looked up at the man, giving him a hard look. The man wasn't ugly, but he wasn't Steve Rogers. Definitely not Steve's level, though he could be handsome if he gave up that fake blond hair. It really just aged him out, and if Toni was in the mood, she would call him out on it. "Oh, she's on her much needed vacation," she replied, not taking his hand. "Did she have a meeting with you? I didn't see you on the schedule—not that I looked. Who needs a calendar? But I guess it would be helpful at this moment. Who are you?"
Steve snorted. "Maybe." She opened her mouth as if to say something in protest. "I was kidding."
Bruce took a long breath. "I'm working on it. Harder than I thought it would be and I knew it would be hard." He showed his annoyance with a harsh exhale. "Toni couldn't have made this harder if she tried. She loves to make me sweat," he stated with a small smile.
"And you aren't wearing any shoes. I hadn't thought about that," he said with a sigh as he stepped back from her and glanced down.
"Well, it didn't work in WW2 against the Nazis."
Besides, the best place to rest is in his lab, where he can be left alone to his own devices. It's where he can be alone—No, he isn't hiding. He's Tony Stark, and he doesn't hide. He faces his fear, but the lab is just where he can think, where he doesn't have to lie. It's where he can be his truth self, where he isn't judge. It's his nest. His home. So who cares if it is his safe net, the place he goes to when he's hurting? Who cares if he spends hours in the lab? Who the hell cares? It's where he feels like
"They would not want to see you like this."
Toni didn't move as Pepper walked past her and to the door. Holding as still as she could, she stared at the wall with her hands balled at her side. There were so many things going through Toni's head that she was afraid of what she would say if she opened her mouth. She was filled with both angry and grief at the thought of Pepper leaving her.
He gave her a look before closing the distance again, but just as he placed his lips on hers, there was a loud, rapid knock on the car window. Steve let out a heavy groan as he broke away from Toni. "Natasha," he breathed out, noticing the master assassin.
"I promised," Toni stated, not sure if she could or not.
Toni was quite proud of herself. At first, it was a battle within herself. She couldn't help but flash back to the night before, where her nightmare ripped off up Wilson's card. Seconds before, she had wanted to call him, wanted to talk through her issues. She also reached out in the hopes of having something to hold on to. She had wanted some stable ground. Sam was a stranger and she knew the dangers of opening up to a man she didn't know—imagine the media storm-, but there was something about the man. He was kind and caring. That was rare.
Steve ran her hand down her back. "I know, Doll Face," he said, breaking out his Brooklyn accent. He knew how tough the woman in his arms was and how she would fight like hell to get what she wanted. He knew she wasn't the type to give up, but this woman was breaking, and he hated that. He would do whatever it took to make sure that didn't happen and to make sure that his brilliant genius was okay back. "I know."
"I know now," Natasha says. "But, then I guess those soldiers have it bad for you."
"I just need to be left alone, Peggy."
"Yes, ma'am," Barnes replied as he turned to leave. He gave Toni a look before he walked back to the camp.
"There's also the fact that you were found with two unknown devices," Dr. Erskine stated. "Very interesting devices I must say." He was staring at the glow under her shirt, which Toni noticed. "It's fascinating that you would intergrade the device into your chest."
It had taken her about 15 minutes to get out of the control room.
Turning to the group, Natasha asked, "Ballistics?"
Natasha let out sigh before she took a seat next to the Bruce. A second later, Natasha kicked her feet up into Bruce's lap, surprising the scientist. "No one wants to see that, Stark."
Sam broke out laughing, bending over in a fit of painful, wild laugher. "She's setting up a play date between us. Oh, god." He let out another snicker, almost falling to the ground this time. "This is golden."
Steve could see the expression morph on Toni's face, and he didn't like it. "This can wait, Fury," he said, reaching for her. He could see her flinch slightly as his hand made contact with hers, but she didn't pull away. "She needs to rest."
Toni was sending him the death glare to end all death glare. He was doing this just to piss her, and it didn't help that she was already pissed. "You just want it," she stated as she struggled in his arms.
With a deep breath, Steve made his ways through the ship toward the labs. He wasn't sure why he was headed toward the lab. He wasn't sure if it was because Toni was there or whether it was because he had a desire to figure out what the hell was going on.
"I do not want Stark Industries."
out," he replied. Romanoff just looked at him. "But I get your point."
"You look a little better," Bruce said, as he finished making his sandwich.
"I got it," Toni replied as he watched the Doctor leave. Taking a deep breath, she held her arm against her chest and closed her eyes. Howard must've waved his techs away as she heard two additional people leave the room.
Unsure of who had grabbed her, Toni freaked out and started to kick at her attacker, who seemed unaffected by her hits. On the last swing of her arm, he caught it. "Let me go!" she demanded, wondering why she never listened to anyone.
However, there was a smile on his face. "No worries, Miss. Potts. I will not. I promise."
, and she wasn't even looking. But now, she's trying, which is saying something as she isn't exactly fond of you," she exclaims, sounding exhausted and a bit angry. "So don't be an ass, because I will kick your ass, and it won't be fun."
thoughts out of her mind. She had other things to worry about like the fact that she still hadn't figure out what Loki had been up to and he wasn't talking. Thor had tried to get Loki to speak, demanding to know what his plan was, but the prankster wouldn't speak, leaving the team in the dark. Toni joked that he wanted her first born child—not that she planned in having kids any time soon. Her father's final wishes be damned… okay, not really—but that creeped her the hell out. He could not have any of her nonexistent offspring.
He shifted again, trying to look into her eyes. He was trying to read her facial expression and Toni wasn't going to let him. "You seemed all too comfortable and confidence, which sold it for me."
Tony finally looks up and smiles at her. "I didn't run away. I got bored," he says. "And I didn't know you care."
"No, there's no way in hell in that she's going," Steve protested loudly.
Before you come after me with pitchforks, there was a reason why I didn't have Toni gave Steve an answer. I know it might sound like a Lifetime Movie or something, but it didn't feel right to have her say yes, or at least say yes right away. I feel like the Toni I created or even Canon Tony wouldn't jump into marriage, not saying she or he wouldn't be into marriage. It will just take her some time to get there.
want to think about the Schmidt's sex life. I really don't."
"Steve, calm down," Bruce stated, eyeing him from a workbench. "And stop eyeing the hole. It isn't doing any good."
Being the ass that he was, Steve responded, "I guess I got a late start. Right, Toni." He winked at her.
Bruce got to his feet and stepped toward them. "You better give them to him, Toni, or else we might find something in the air ducks. It probably won't be pretty."
"I ran into Agent Carter," he replied, rubbing the part of his face where she hit him. "You have a mean right hook. I don't think that I have ever been hit that hard." He put on a smile.
everyone he knew was dead. It was another to
It wasn't my idea." she said, her tone not exactly friendly but not completely nasty—which felt off putting with her smile.
"Yea, I just need an impossible power source, which I'll never find or get." He paused, eyeing him. "Calm down," Bruce ordered, seeing that the Captain was going to do something that he wouldn't like.
They were all talking at the same time, and it was all too much for Toni. She couldn't handle all of their concerned looks and she couldn't think. "Stop worrying!" She yelled, jumping to her feet. "Why don't you two get a room?" She pointed toward Rogers and Peggy. She turned to Barnes. "And why don't you just go find some hot dame to bang?" she stated. She glanced at them all before pushing pass them. "Just leave me alone."
The man at the end of his arm could attest to this, though he didn't have long to say it, as the man was dead seconds later. With an arm through his chest, the unnamed man didn't have a chance, and that was the same with his black jacketed teammate, who fell dead a second later. Their deaths were quick though messy, and they had been unable to call for help, which art of surprise on the table. Though the asset didn't need the advantage, he didn't want them to see him coming. He wanted to kill them before they knew what hit them. He wanted him to fear him when they realized their death was near, as in his mind, they didn't deserve anything less.
Steve smiled because it wasn't an insult this time. It something so much more. "No, I'm not, but that won't stop me from trying for you."
UNTIL NEXT TIME!
He let go of her and turned away. "Gone."
"Oh, Maria, Howard will be so happy." Peggy uttered, turning to Toni. If it wasn't clear that Peggy had disappeared into her own head, it was now. This had happened a lot when Toni visited Peggy, and those times were the worst. Toni hated playing the part of her mother, hated playing a woman she only had a short time with. She
However, before she could wrap herself around Steve, an arrow flew through the air like a knife, burying into a target a few feet from the kissing pair. From the arrow, a small bright blast flashed behind them, forcing them back to the matter of hand. With a step back, Toni's heavily blinked as she forced her head back to the dangers around them. "Barton," she uttered as she spotted the purple Archer on a metal beam, his bow out in from of him. "Who called you?! I didn't ask for bird brain."
He laughed. "Am I just meat to you now?" he asked, giving her a look.
Toni glanced back at Steve and smiled. With fondness in her eyes, she observed Steve before she turned back to Fury and Agent Hill, who had stepped out onto the pad. The rotors came to the stop as the Director and Agent made their way to pad's doors. A nameless shield agent sat at the pilot seat, while another climbed out and stood guard. "Seriously, who invited him?"
"Does it matter?" He inquired, as his smile turned into a smirk. "Captain America gets what he wants, and he wants you. He wants to be there through it all. Good and the bad."
I hope you like this chapter. :)
He stated at her for a few seconds unable to answer. "Why?" he asked.
The genius let out a chuckle as she couldn't believe this was about Rogers. "He might like that." She let out a sighing laugh. She couldn't believe she was fighting with Peggy over a fucken guy, a fucken guy that she didn't even want. And besides, he was an ass. She didn't date asses as there could only be one ass in a relationship and that was her position. Two couldn't work in a relationship. Her brain stopped and she wondered for a second what it would be like to date the famous Captain America. Would he be the overprotective type, never letting her out of his sight? Would he be the snappy type, who would never forget any important date? Would he be the traditional type with no sex before marriage? The calm and boring type? That wouldn't work for her, as she loved to be wild… Wait, was why she even thinking about it?
. It didn't matter what it how big or small the issue was, as she would go over it five times in a matter of seconds. Then a few seconds later, she would go over it a few more times. And sometimes, she would do it a third time. In the end, she would confuse herself so much that she wouldn't know what was up or down anymore. "And what the hell is it supposed to mean? You said you can't trust me!" she snapped, her head spinning.
Salty glanced at her. "Probably for a good reason. Just look at you. You would blow up the whole camp."
The end for now.
Rogers rubbed his forehead in annoyance. "There's no talking to you, is there?"
"And it would help if you find someone who isn't dating the hottest specimen on the earth. You know," she said with a shrug. She may have been teasing with this SHIELD agent, but she was studying him, trying to get a read on him. He wasn't ugly in any sense of the word, but she wasn't sure if she would consider him drop dead gorgeous. He looked…. Normal for a lack of a better word. He seemed trustworthy with that smile of his, but something felt wrong. Her gut, though wrong at times, was telling her that someone was odd; however, if she was honest with herself, it could be her panic—not panic attack influencing her thoughts.
Scotts snorts.
Just as she was about to run, someone placed her hand on her shoulder, almost sending her a few feet into the air. It made her want to punch the person in the face. No one touched her without permission. Toni turned to face the person, and to her surprised, Rogers was standing there. Much to her annoyance, she saw concern in his eyes. "Rogers."
"Doesn't matter. You won't get pass me. I'm the security guard." She shot back, giving him a look. She may hold her tongue back while in that room, but she would give Rumlow everything she got.
Wilson let out a chucking sign. "I don't know if Barnes has the legs for that, and I really don't want to find out."
He was showing his teeth with that smile, and she had to give it to him; he had a sexy smile. She had already thought that, but now, she was sucked in with it. "So why did you let Rogers believe that I lost my memory?" she asked. He had gotten her curious.
She shuddered in disgust. Why was this happening to her? Why did every person that she ever met want to sleep with her? She got that she was a sexy god but this was ridicules. "Just leave me alone in my guilt."
Dugan glanced at the door before he looked back. "Let me get your coat and I'll walk you back."
Tony is yelling in his head. He doesn't want that image in his head, even if it's the only thing in his head. It also doesn't help when Rogers pops into his day dream to help Barnes put on said skirt.
"Yea, it didn't work out so well in the second
"I can imagine that. Just look at those puppy dog eyes of his."
Salty narrowed his eyes as he took a seat at his desk. "Tell me what you need and I'll make sure that one of the men brings it back." He rested his arms on the table.
Toni glanced up at Steve, giving him a look. "Are you okay?" she asked, giving him her best raised eyebrow. "You're the one who clearly doesn't know where he is." She didn't mean for it to be snappy, but it came out as such, and she hated herself for it. Feeling guilty, she dropped her glance and stared at the back of Steve's shield secured to his left arm.
"Cut off one head, two more shall take its place." Dr. Arnim Zola uttered, his voice completely computerized. It was unnerving.
"Yes, but, Buck-"
Tony's eye brow rises, because though he had had personal chiefs in the past, he doesn't currently have one. He doesn't have a regular eating patterns for that. "You know something I don't?"
*O*O*
However, his heart was already breaking, but there was one thing that Steve could hold on to: Toni was alive. She was breathing, which might she was coming back to him…Well maybe…Unless, she did something stupid, which was her mo. For being a genius, she did some stupid things, really stupid things—like make public threats and giving her home address. She also never knew when to back down or ask for help, and there was no telling what would or could be happening. She could be in a fire fight for all he knew, and Steve wouldn't put it pass her. She didn't know when to sto—No! He couldn't think like that. Toni left a message stating she was alive, so she had to be alive.
Dugan smiled. "I should have figured."
Banner looked slightly taken back by Steve's tone, but he didn't let it affect me. "No, it..it's alright. I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't handle pointy things."
She held her right arm close to her body with her left hand as she walked up the steps to the apartment. She felt so weak that she wondered if she would ever succeed in getting back to her own time. How could she break into her father's company and steal back her device if she couldn't defend herself? How could she get past the guards like this?
"Whoa, it was a joke. Geez," Barnes muttered as he put his hands up in defense. "If I didn't know better, I would think you liked her."
ran over by a bus, Toni crawled to the top of the bed. Feeling like she was dragging a dead body behind her, she wriggled under the covers. She wanted nothing more than to hit the 'hay' even if the idea of dreaming was scaring the crap out of her. Why did she leave her sleeping pills at the tower? She wanted to sleep; she really did, but Barnes' chilling expression came rushing back, haunting her. With a deep snivel, she curled under the blanket and pulled it tight about her. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to rid herself of Barnes' angry face.
"The last thing I remember about S-Toni from that time is her flat-lining. I don't know…." He drifted off as he couldn't finish his sentence.
That scared the genius. It really did. She never had someone like Steve, who was willing to do anything for her. What if she screwed this? No, she would screw this up, because that was who she was. "Let's go before they break through the door."
Wiping the sweat off her brow, she stood back and stared at her masterpiece. JARVIS had been able to locate some paint via Toni's request, which she had used to paint the glass doors. The doors, which were different shades of red and gold, were no longer see-through, and she was glad. She didn't want anyone to be able to see her. "JARVIS, play High Way to Hell and play it loud." The song played a second later.
"I know." He really wished she had called him, but he knew why she didn't: her insecurities. She was always worried she was more of a burden than anything else. He placed a soft kissed to the top of her head, as he softly rocked her gently in his arms. Her shaking had finally calmed and she was all but stilled in his arms while he held her. However, Steve didn't liked this side of Toni, as a silent genius was never a good sign. "Talk to me," he said, swaying back and forth.
"Open the door," Rogers said as he banged on the door. "You can't stay in there forever." If this was the future, he would have broken the door in, which he had done before at the tower. "Talk to me."
Trip gave her a look as he handed her the military coat. "Are you sure?"
Peggy's eye twitch. "Sassy?" she asked.
With a deep sigh, Steve slowly took the long walk to his door. He needed to get out of his own head, because he didn't like where his mind was going. He loved Toni and didn't fault her for this. She was just taking her a time, and he just wanted to be with her. God, he loved that woman. Loved her more than he thought possible. Just being around her could lift his spirits, even if she drove him crazy. She was a ball of spunky, and he loved it.
