Part of him wonders if they should have waited, made it something special. But this is special, in a way. It’s so cold, Tony can feel it in his bones. But he’s warm, warm for the first time in a while because it’s cold at work and his apartment for more than one reason. Steve’s lips are soft, and he can taste the sweetness of what he had been drinking, and mint. His hands are so gentle, dragging a thumb across his cheekbone, and Tony feels every part of him relax.
His hands are shaking. He gives both cups of coffee to Happy outside without explanation, throat tight.
Steve feels his heart in his throat, and all he can do is nod, closing his eyes and pulling him close.
“Don’t waste your time,” Tony says under his breath, ordering another drink. He feels shaky, on the verge of a panic attack. He tries for a joke. “Obie will just kill you, and then I’ll be really stuck.”
“I know,” Tony says, because he doesn’t have the energy for this. He won’t lie to Rhodey, can’t bring himself to after spending the morning lying to Steve. “I didn’t want to steal Pepper’s concealer again, even though she doesn’t ask any questions.
He’s never heard Tony like this. He’s heard him sad, exhausted, happy, laughing. But this fear? This panic? He’s never heard this before.
, and yet so innocent at the same time. He grabs Steve’s hand, eyes bright. “I have absolutely nothing better to do than this.”
Rhodey has done this before countless times.  Over and over in the summer, and over and over throughout their time at MIT, when Tony had come back from visiting his mother and father, and spent hours throwing up, hours panicking, hours just hugging Rhodey.
“I- Jesus Tony. That’s not why I like you. I like you because you’re funny and smart and I like being around you.”
It’s not as bad as when he walked in here with Obadiah all those weeks ago, but it’s not good either. He glances over his shoulder, shooting a look at Nat, and she takes the hint, saying something about checking products in the storage section as she leaves.
Tony’s eyes are frantic with panic, wide with a helpless fear that Steve knows too well. It’s a fear that he would be able to recognise from anywhere, even half conscious like this.
“You- of course you did.” Steve laughs a little as Tony tugs him around the crowd until they reach a clearer area, closer to the front.
“Is there a reason you’re back from lunch early?” Peter asks carefully, and Tony raises his eyebrows, amusement dancing in his gaze
“No, but we need you back. There’s a student who has accidentally set something on fire in your lab.” She says, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. It’s the
It’s only because of the noise in the room that Tony is able to shake his head. No one is looking, no one is listening.
“Don’t interrupt me.” His father says, and his voice is silky smooth. “I didn’t ask for an explanation.”
“Night,” he says, and for once, the noise in his head is quiet, because Steve’s eyes are so blue, and it’s dark, and his parents are far enough away that he can put them both out of his mind, if only for one evening.
” Tony says quietly, “cost people their lives. It wasn’t what I wanted to be a part of. It wasn’t your fault, but you understand why I can’t come back.”
Tony laughs, but there’s no humour in it, and when Steve looks at him again, he can see shadows in his eyes that weren’t there before.
Hi so if Tony's internal monologue makes absolutely no sense then I apologise but I sort of feel that's the kind of place his head is in right now so-
“He doesn’t deserve something as normal as prison. I’m going to use the information to get him to give up every bit of control he has left, then throw him into the highest maximum security prison that exists.”
Steve says, and suddenly his anxiety levels have rocketed up, “I’m guessing you don’t make a habit of going to nice or important places underdressed?”
In the split second before everyone descends into chaos, there’s a moment of dead silence. Tony’s heart is pounding, adrenaline crashing through him, and his mouth tastes strangely like salt. Milliseconds later, the sound starts.
He doesn’t have to pretend to be nice though. As long as no one dies. At this point, Tony isn’t sure if it’s going to be him (his heart is pounding too fast) or Ty (because Rhodey is still looking at him with murder in his eyes.)
“Okay.” Tony says quietly, burying his head in Steve’s chest and taking a deep, shuddering breath. “Okay.”
Swallowing hard, Tony eases himself out of bed, careful not to wake Steve up, and pads across the floor to pick up his shirt that had been discarded last night.
“You think Howard Stark would have seen the assault before the gay? All that would matter to him would be that it’s a guy, rather than what he actually did.”
“What are you, their messenger now?” He can hear his own voice, and it sounds scared. It sounds young, despite how hard he’s trying to keep it neutral.
He remembers a conversation he’d had with Pepper a few weeks ago. She’d told him to be careful, told him that it was dangerous to only have one thing that can make him fall in line.
“What the fuck do you want me to say?” He yells. “That yeah I wish my father didn’t go for me every time he has a fucking drink? Do you want me to say I hate that I don’t have the ability to forget that Ty got me drunk and dragged me into his room when I was fifteen? That I still have nightmares about him-”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice is quiet, soft. Tony matches his pitch as he takes a drink of the coffee Steve had bought them both on the way.
And now they’re both looking at him like they’re expecting an answer, and Tony remembers that Fury’s sentence had been phrased as more of a question. Right.
Tony whispers it back to him, over and over again as the music plays on, and then kisses him hard, relaxing into his arms.
“I wanted to hate you.” He says quietly. “I tried. I tried for so long to hate you. God knows Pepper certainly wanted me to. But I couldn't. I can’t.”
He can’t talk to her, just like he can’t tell anyone other than Rhodey. That’s mostly because he’s incapable of lying to Rhodey, and his friend has seen him bad and helped him through it far too many times to count. So no, he can’t lie to Rhodey, but he can lie to Pepper, or at least withhold the truth until she inevitably figures it out on her own.
Tony hits the exit button fast, and Steve can see his hands trembling. He glances at Steve for a second, and then his gaze lands on Pepper. When he speaks, his voice is surprisingly steady.
Panic. This is the panic that he’s been avoiding for weeks now, slamming into him in waves. His voice sounds young,
a little better.” He gives him a once over, and if Steve didn’t hate the expression so much, he would describe it as pretty close to the feeling of having his clothes stripped away.
He makes an effort to soften his tone. Nice. He can do nice. He does nice for the cameras, for Obie, for his parents.
Tony doesn't allow more than a second of silence before he answers. If he controls the conversation, maybe he can avoid the other questions.
They’ve… they’ve talked a lot over the past year, talked and talked and listened to each other, something that neither of them had been good at before. It makes Tony wonder what it would’ve been like if things had worked out differently
When Tony finally plucks up the courage and asks Steve why he’d come back and left Bucky, Steve just shakes his head, giving him such a sad look. He thinks that all of Steve's looks are sad now, though he’ll never say that to anyone else.
“Still. It was a dick thing to do. So I made up for it by having a few words with the asshole at the party.”
“What are you doing?” he asked trying to take a step back but realized quickly that Steve had back him into a corner against the wall.
“I guess you aren’t the genius everyone thought you were after all” tony fake gasped in offence. Steve just shook his head slightly at the theatrics.
"Ill call pepper and let her know about what's going on. I am sure she will agree that he should not come in for a few days"
“Hey thor" Clint said throwing an apple at him fir him to hold up. Clint was testing his new arrows by shooting apples all over the quinjet. Thor held it up high over his head and waved his hand around to create a moving target. It was a funny scene, not a very uncommon one, but funny none the same to watch a couple of superheroes sit around playing.
“I am okay sweetheart” he said after a few moments of silence during which he knew Tony was fretting over Steve’s well being. Tony looked skeptical but nodded anyway.
“you are obviously going to lose clint, and remember loser cleans the others weapons after the next battle.”
“Look at me tony” he asked as he ground his hips down watching Tony squirm at the friction and Tony’s body spasmed beneath his and he had his squeezed shut and Steve was surprised as he pulled away , leaving some space between them.
“I mean, you hurting Tony that day, was that some sort of influenced need to finish the job?” bruce stood up looking at the three of them wide eyed while steve froze in shock
“You know, if I knew all it would take for you to fall asleep was my teaching I would have done it sooner" he said grinning at the teen.
“Look at me tony,” tony turned , lips pursed “this infatuation you have with me is just a phase, you are very young. You deserve better , a lot better than this” he said waving at his battered body.
“Is it your leg?” clint asked and Tony nodded against Steve and steve sighed knowing that Tony was a really coming down from his shock and had probably been too numb to process anything yesterday.
“I need you to drink some water for me” he said , and natasha bought the bottle up to his lips giving it a little nudge until they parted and tipped the bottle up letting a few drops through.
“ugh adult conversations are so boring, tony come on one more round" he said and Steve silently thanked him even though he knew Clint was very aware of their conversation. Tony groaned throwing the gun onto the table,
“Okay,  that’s fine" he said pulling them both quickly under the shower instead of easing in so that the sudden shock of cold would hit their bodies.  Tony bucked at the feeling clinging tighter to Steve as he whimpered and Steve pulled them both down so Tony was cradled on Steve lap and Steve was sitting against the shower wall ,the water falling over and around them.
I walked up behind him as silently as possible trying not to knock anything over and wrapped my arms around his torso trailing kisses up his neck and nibbled his ear. I felt him stiffen at initial contact, it made my guilt flare up from last morning but I told myself that it was for Tony. He dropped the bracelet remote thing he uses to control things and turned in my arms slowly reaching up, his hand grabbing my hair, I felt him lift up on his tip toes and pulling me lower and then smashed his lips into mine. I could still feel the tension and stiffness in his movements but this was progress for sure. I tightened my arms around his torso lifting him up of the floor his legs wrapping around my waist. I pulled back breaking the kiss and placing him on the nearby table trailing kisses along his forehead ear and neck. His breath was coming in pants and I waited till it evened out.
“I know , trust me I am trying to understand your situation. It’s not ideal but let’s face it, there is a lot of work to get done and we can’t afford to have you tied down like this.” She said matter of factly, trust natasha to not sugar coat anything.
“I love you sweetheart" he said as Tony’s eyes opened , he looked completely out of it and smiled sloppily at Steve nails digging into skin on his back.
Unable to do anything that morning, Steve decided to go to school trying to keep his mind occupied until he recieved the report from Phil. He found Bruce first thing at the cafeteria sipping his coffee and looking at papers.
Tony’s mouth closed shut, it seemed he was honestly considering his options and Steve waited , still glaring at the teen.
“you want me to leave?” He asked as he carefully eased his hands away as if to get up but before Steve could move tony had placed both his hands on his chest, fingers trying to desperately grasp at the material of his uniform to keep him from moving.
“he will come around , don’t worry. And the things we have found out about the reactor is for him to share. He is still in shock but he is handling things very well" steve was not satisfied with that answer.
“Ah" steve smirked “maybe you need a reality check huh?” he said and when Tony looked at him through squinting doubtful eyes he pulled the teen in for a kiss.
“how are you feeling? Think you can drink this?” clint said handing the little glass with mango juice in it. He nodded his head reaching for the glass his hand trembling ever so slightly.  He drank greedily, I placed my hand on the glasses pulling it away from his lips slightly. “drink slowly, or you will make yourself sick" once he nodded I let go of the glass again and he took smaller sips this time.
“Just before Tony went under, he mumbled something about wanting stane there with him because he was scared. Bruce and I thought he was just not thinking straight because of the sedative.”
“Bullshit, tell me natasha” he said staring her down “is this why you said it was dangerous?” And her lack of reaction was a clear enough answer.
“Mr. Roger’s! Oh my God, I did not expect to see you here!” Steve turned in time to see pepper along with a grumpy Tony come towards him waving her hands as if she was excited.
Steve was excited to get to school the next morning, okay excited was not the right word. He was just looking forward to seeing Tony and to maybe hold him when no one was looking. It was going to be a challenge to make this work, but Steve didn’t want to think too deeply into that. Right now his only concern was to make sure Tony was alright. That didn’t have anything to do with their developing relationship.
“My bag is with pepper but I’ll take it from her tomorrow. “ he said fidgeting again unable to move because Steve still had his hand under his shirt. He kept it pressed firmly hoping the grounding steady contact will ease him .
That makes Bucky laugh and he nods. "Yeah, let's go back. I'm very curious what inappropriate things Captain America comes up with."
Bucky shakes his head. "Steve would never say something like that. Why should he?" He just can't believe it.
Tony smiles and rolls his eyes. "Whatever you say, boy scout." But he just might have leaned against the pat a little bit.
"Like you guys were. I mean, I want you as my partner and lover, too, but if you manage to spend an equal amount of time with both of us..." Bucky shrugs.
It obviously hurts like a bitch, but he's not backing down. It’s just what that self-destructive animal inside of him is craving. "Oh, is
"Mm-mm, not here." He's starting to grin again. "We're going to bed and really show each other how much we missed each other."
Bucky lets out a sigh and slowly stops as well but he doesn't turn around to face Steve. "It feels like you're ashamed of what we have. Guilty."
"My pleasure, Steve." They're all set into labelled sections, and he picks up one of the pistachio ones. He's not quite as overt about his enjoyment, but he clearly likes it a lot.
But there's no way Bucky or Steve would let him leave like that. They both reach out immediately, Buck being a little faster because he's closer. "Don't."
"Because being with both of you would make me happier than just being with him," Steve explains quietly and ducks his head, still somewhat ashamed for feeling that way, even though so far people seem to be okay with it.
. There's only so much cynicism it will take before you turn that tragedy into nothing but an emotional weapon for your disgusting jokes. There's only so many times you can use it."
His breath becomes unsteady for half a second, Steve's skin against his own sending sparks through him. With a crooked smile he glances to the other man, then pushes a button to start the car, and they're off.
"I'm starting to understand but it feels like it's too late now," Steve says with a frustrated huff. "I'm going to look after him and then... I don't know, I'll probably see."
His suited hand clenches into a fist, but it stays on his side. "Then get the fuck out of my sight."
Bucky is already leaving the hidden building, getting outside to breathe some evening air. His blood is boiling and he knows only part of that is anger at what's going on. Most of it is just his inability to deal with emotions these days.
"Oh, no, I'm definitely as badass as everyone thinks I am," he grins as he watches Steve put the coffee together.
"Why does everyone keep asking me that?! Everyone needs to mind their own damn business." He pushes past her.
His jaw goes tense, eyes harden, and he responds after a slow exhale. "Steve happened to that. If you didn't notice five minutes ago, I'm kinda crazy for the guy. You're a matched set, an inseparable pair, so if I wanna be with him--which I do, more than I've wanted anyone--then I have to make my peace with the past."
He blinks a few times, puts his seat belt back on, and starts taking Steve home without another word. His brain is busy trying to make sense of that without just letting it go to his head.
"If we weren't on a date, and I wasn't trying to metaphorically charm the pants off of you, I'd make you figure it out on your own. But, it's... I mean, come on, you really don't see the innuendo there?
Bucky hesitates, looking at Steve with a cautious frown. But his lover nods and so he pulls Tony back and upright, locking him in with his arms. He bites him once more, much harder, while he basically uses him as a fleshlight and then goes after his nipples with a vice like, cruel grip.
"Well, I mean... I have, in the past. I used to sleep with people without a first date, even. But that's not what I'm looking for here, I'm just not sure where the right balance is." He smiles a little apologetically.
"Coming from you, I actually believe that. But it still..." Tony rubs his forehead and tries to put his thoughts in order. "Are you with him, too? Should I get comfortable with the whole non-monogamy thing?"
As soon as he can feel that resignation, Bucky lets him go again. "All you ever do is analyze and doubt and criticize. I don't know what Steve said but the fact that you're talking to me about it and not him...get your head out of your ass, Tony."
"I don't feel like I'm acting particularly different than usual." Steve smiles crookedly. "And you sound like you're ready to leave."
Growling warmly, Bucky just unzips his fly with his free hand and pulls out his cock. He then forces one of Tony's hands around it. The second he knows Iron Man can't shit talk his dick size anymore, he kisses him. Aggressively.
"This is your second date? Ever?" It's lucky he doesn't have an innocence kink or he'd be way too worked up right now.
"Oh." Steve's blush deepens and he fusses with his sleeves. "Uhm, then maybe we should just... get going?"
the Winter Soldier anymore!" Steve never gets this loud without reason but talking to Tony is so incredibly frustrating.
"Excuse me, what?" Bucky turns his head, caught off guard by the sudden change in tone. Pretty sure he can't have heard right but also pretty sure he did.
Bucky swallows, a little bit of hesitation in his features but he nods. "Me too. We just... we just gotta take it slow."
, but the relief that they don't sleep together puts him in good enough spirits to let it drop. "Right, okay, well... We could change that, if you want. Get you set up with whatever it is that would make it worth having a bedroom. It’s just that Steve loves you, I wanna make sure I do what I can to help you be happy." And right now Tony might
"I don't know, do you want to be with me where everyone can see you?" Bucky snaps back and just shakes his head as he leaves the room.
When Bucky lowers enough for Tony to see over his shoulder he goes tense at the sight of Steve, guilt hitting him hard, but at the same time the other man's lips make him shudder pleasantly and his hips push forward to fill the space his hand vacated. "Steve, oh God, I'm sorry. Fuck, get off of me, Bucky, I'm not- this was a terrible idea."
"Calling myself broken isn't a mean thing, Rogers. It's a fact. I've always been on the dark end with some things and Hydra just... well." He stops and rubs over his metal hand. "When I realized that Tony likes it that way, it was just something to push him with. Made me feel a little more normal, a little more like someone you could be with. But then things got serious and...." Buck leans his head back, resting it on Steve's shoulder. "I just couldn't deny him the things he was asking for."
"Yeah, let’s. Should I keep my hands to myself while we're in public, or is an appropriate level of affection alright?"
Arching an eyebrow, Steve wonders what's going on but answers truthfully. "I don't know. Why are you asking?"
Bucky is quiet, the night still lingering on his mind. But he's making coffee and the air around him doesn't seem to be as dark and heavy.
"Yep, I can hear as much, Cap," he doesn't stop focusing on measuring out a board that he's got out on a workbench. "Did the circuit go down in the common room again? It’s just a switch, I'm sure you can handle it."
Fuck. Bucky's hips snap forward at that plea on their own accord. The hell, why take it slow if no one really wants him to? He grits his teeth and growls. "I've got you, Stark."
Bucky doesn't bother replying, he just leans in and connects his lips with Tony's. It's a completely different kiss from what had happened between Steve and Tony earlier. This one is claiming and much more raw but in no way less passionate or heavy with emotion.
"How... how are you doing? I don't wanna... I mean, do you have a minute?" Steve steps closer, nervousness making his palms sweaty and he wipes them on the sides of his jeans.
Still leading, "But like, in this really fucked up way where everything you wanna do with me is so far outside the realm of normal you're not sure anyone else could recognize it as you being into me?"
His body is giving in easily, his arousal and want are so completely on board with everything being done to him. Even the fact that he's bent over his work bench is contributing to how fucking worked up he's getting. Tony's hips are starting to rock and push back against Bucky's hand, and his hands curl into loose fists as he starts to pant.
"It doesn't bother me that you love him, you believe me about that, right? I know all about what it's like to love more than one person at the same time."
, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God," he repeats, voice barely present as he takes Bucky's entire length. Instinctively, he pulls against Steve's grip, who continues to hold him down tight.
That's perfect and Tony can't help but grin around the bit of flesh he's got. After a moment, he moves to the other one and uses his hand to continue giving attention to the first. Without breaking that contact, he adjusts his lower half, moving from straddling Steve to kneeling between his legs and pushing against him.
Tony plants a few more kisses and murmurs a few more 'I love you's. He can't help that Steve always makes him feel all warm and helplessly romantic. Soon, he pries himself away and heads out to the balcony.
He could swear his heart stopped for a split second, right before it started pounding hard in his chest. "I wanna be together in more ways than we already are," he says without thought.
"Me too." Steve closes his eyes and breathes deeply. " I don't know how to put the pin back in this one, Buck. Sorta already threw the grenade."
Steve opens his mouth to tell Tony that he's actually waited too long and that his soul mate is far gone. But he doesn't want to kill the mood so he just shrugs. "What do you mean? Live my life?"
He groans quietly at the mental image, eyes closing to focus on it all the more. "Pleasure I've never felt before? What do you think that is, aside from your metal arm?"
Tony turns to fully face Steve now, eyebrow raised, smirk dangerous. "Are you telling me I could find out exactly how un-homophobic you are by looking at the footage? Who is it, Sam? Clint? I know it's not Banner."
He focuses on Steve's face again and he can hardly believe any of this is happening. "Tell me you want it, Steve, please. Tell me you want him to do this to me."
"Then why did you let him leave?" Gently, Bucky makes Steve sit down again and crouches down in front of him, holding his hands.
With an obnoxiously cocky smirk, Tony responds, "Just you and me? We both already know how that would go, Barnes. If it weren't for Steve, I'd've killed you already."
"You know, you don't have to cook," he closes any distance between them, leaving less than a foot of space. "I was supposed to take you out, be the gentleman. I, um, I screwed that up pretty hard but I'd like to keep trying. Maybe I could order something, delivered from any restaurant you want?"
"You're gorgeous," he murmurs against Steve's skin. His attention with his mouth intensifies, a distraction while he gets the other man's pants open and his hand inside.
But when it comes to Steve's love for him, no one can make him doubt that and Bucky just keeps grinning. "No Tony, you got it all wrong. He loves me for being the broken super-soldier that I am, just as much as he loves my big, super-soldier cock." Bucky had never been small and with the serum... He presses his hips against Tony's once more.
"Really together? Because for all I know, Tony could walk in here tomorrow and say he can't handle it."
Natasha arches an eyebrow sharply. "So... are you sure you two aren't just in a really bad fight and not actually broken up? It's obvious he wants you back."
Steve turns over and wraps around Bucky. "He said he's fine. And, yeah, that might change but for now..."
"Thank you." Steve falls silent, eating and drinking his coffee. Well, and once in a while he moans again.
His heart drops lower than he thinks it's ever been, and it turns him into an angry, dangerously self-destructive mess even if all that comes out is a low, rough voice. "You wanna do this dance again, pal?" Tony says, planting a hand on Steve's chest and shoving, much more a challenge than meant to be effective. But as he speaks, he holds his other arm out and summons a piece of his suit to it.
Those tears. Even though they're not flowing, Steve can see and feel them and they're breaking his heart. His own throat is going tight and his voice goes weak. "I didn't even know you loved me and that we were a couple until you screamed it at me."
," he says, dripping with sarcasm. "And I bet if I asked Steve he would say the same, 'cause he's just a really nice guy like that. But it's nothing to be ashamed of, buddy. And, hey, when Banner comes back I bet he could build you a nice big dick to match your arm."
He watches the other man's reaction as he answers. "Burgers. Like, the greasy, massive, would give me a coronary if I still had a heart kind of burgers. The kind of burgers that are probably banned in Sweden or something."
Steve chuckles softly. "Tony, male affection was completely normal and natural back then. Just like it is between women now."
like that's coming from a place of altruism, but deep down, it's definitely a survival reflex. Bucky is Steve's favorite, so keeping Steve happy and loving him means keeping Bucky happy.
level-headed right now. Maybe age really is doing something good for him. "I can deal with you hating me, we both know the feeling's been mutual, and I could probably learn to deal with you having what I have with him even though I'll never have what you do. But I'm not going anywhere."
He takes a really deep breath, finds a side street to get off on, and pulls over. Taking off his seatbelt, he turns to face the other man. "You really think you're an accessory to me outing myself? Do you... do you actually think that's all this is to me, and that I would use you like that? ...Okay, that might be a fair thought, given my track record of publicity stunts,” he admits. “But it isn't. I just like you and I wanted to go out with you. It's not even something I thought about, except for the occasional pulse of anxiety about the really irritating phone calls I'm going to have to deal with tomorrow."
Tony does try to pull away when he hears Steve, panic suddenly racing through his chest and his eyes shooting open, but the way Bucky just holds him there, forces him to keep taking his tongue, it makes Tony's cock pulse and his head swim. When the other man does finally pull back, he averts his gaze entirely from both of the super soldiers, breath heavy and face flushed.
. And of fucking course we all broke the Accords! Half of us had to do it to protect your ass, and the other half of us did it to try to take you in before everything got
The next night, Tony shows up exactly on time, though he may have been waiting in the hall for a few minutes. He's wearing a suit and did, in fact, bring flowers - a bouquet of roses, miniature white carnations, and strikingly blue nemesias. He knocks gently and straightens his jacket as he waits.
Bucky snorts. "You guys are both total idiots." He looks at Steve. "I'm not going anywhere, I'll be at your side to the end of the line. Why are you not together with him?"
"I can talk to him," Bucky offers with a shrug, still not even really considering the whole threesome thing.
Steve's eyes burn but two can play that game. "Yeah? Then how about we take care of the past that is our relationship because apparently you're not my boyfriend anymore."
"Yeah? All damn day?" Bucky swiftly uses his metal hand to pin both of Tony's wrists above his head. "Because I have enough stamina to fill
Buck fists his human hand into Steve's shirt without really noticing it. "You... so we... I mean, if we ever... If
his mouth can't stop digging his grave. "D-don't stretch me too much there, Buck, or I might not even be able to feel it when you finally fuck me."
The smile that spreads on his face is gradual, like he can't quite believe it at first and then it's slowly sinking in, but soon he's beaming. "Yeah, yeah, okay, I can do slow. Whatever you want, Buck. God, I love you so much and I wanted to ask you that seventy years ago."
Seeing Bucky, his eyes fix on him and Tony can feel the hatred beginning to boil underneath. It's not subtle to anyone paying any attention. He keeps watching Bucky as he addresses Steve. "Think we can talk, Cap?
"We're not gonna get anywhere if we're not dealing in honesty, Barnes. If this was just some dinner we had to suffer through and that was that, then sure, let's bullshit each other all day. But it's not. I've got a lot of life left, God willing, and I really wanna spend it with Steve, which means spending a good chunk of it with you, too. I know you don't have anything to lose here so it probably doesn't matter that much to you, but
So what if he's falling for it? They both want him to. Bucky growls softly and pins Tony against the wall once again, pressing their hips together as he can feel himself getting hard. "I'm not going to say it again, Tony, I'm not a good man."
"Oh, I'm pretty sure I can empathize," he says with a smirk and a challenging tone, unable to pass up the chance to snark. "And you better follow through, or you're gonna be twice the disappointment."
Steve sees Tony out in the morning, the two of them lingering in the doorway and kissing several more times, whispering sweet things to each other, until Stark finally leaves and Steve comes to join Bucky in the kitchen.
"I've only ever been on one date, I've only ever loved one person, I've never had sex..." Steve takes a sip from his wine, hoping for liquid wisdom. "I have a hard time seeing people as potential sexual partners in general."
"All of the things only we two have?" Bucky leans back and looks at the bright blue sky. "Yeah, okay, I get that."
Suddenly, there's Bucky's voice coming from the doorway. "What about me?" He stands there, arms crossed, looking at the two of them together.
Steve opens the door and he's dressed in a simple black suit, white shirt, no tie, a few buttons still open. His smile is shy--mostly because he doesn't know what to do with himself in this suit that Natasha helped him pick out--but honest. "Hey."
Bucky grabs Tony's collar with his human hand. "I'll take whatever you throw at me any time of the day. I deserve most of it. But you disrespecting Steve?!" He shoves Tony against the wall. "What the hell is wrong with you?"
"Yeah, I can," he smiles warmly, enamored with Steve's mood and loving that he did something to provide for that. He finishes setting out the things for the espresso. "I hope they're as good as you remember."
"I'm not a status symbol, Tony. I'm not a fancy car or a new watch. Either you out yourself because it's the right thing to do for yourself or you don't but you don't put it on your partners. Hiding who you are because you can't be proud of who you're seeing is just as bad as showing off who you are not because it's you but because it looks good with the boy toy you have on your arm," Steve scolds.
do not mean to push you." Which is true, despite his very distinct history to the contrary with others...
. "Wait... What? I get how you could want what I have, why you would want to be everything for him, because that's exactly how I feel. But why would you envy Steve?"
That hits way too close to home and Bucky stills again. "Do you think I don't know that, Stark?" His voice is quiet. Hair falls into his face and he tries to hide behind it ever so subtly.
"You should invest into people who need it," Steve suggests softly. "If you wanna see me smile like this, give the money you'd spend on a spontaneous trip to France to someone who needs help to get off of their feet. A small, innovative New Yorker business that needs a loan to expand. A pharmacist who works on a cheap cure for malaria instead of trying to make money off of it. A foundation that helps LGBT kids."
"Oh, right." Steve laughs nervously and rubs the back of his neck. "Sorry, I don't really know anything about dating."
"You haven't lost me." Steve reaches out, desperate for Tony to understand. "I'm still right here. We're still more than friends. After everything we've been through..."
With a nervous smile, Tony shrugs. "If nothing else, it'll, uh, it'll be good bonding for you and me, right? I bet he'd buy it on that angle alone."
"I sleep on the floor in the living room," Bucky retorts with a snort before he pushes himself away from the wall with his shoulders and leads the way to the kitchen. "Do you want coffee or something?"
And just like that, Steve feels even more like some dumb kid. Of course someone as experienced as Tony doesn't date and court for months anymore. "You tend to move a lot faster than this?" he asks, tense.
"Can you just bask in it with me for like two more hours?" He's teasing, but also not. "And I'm not really interested in how Tony feels at the moment. I want to know how you feel."
Tony cured his hangover in the best way known to man - medical science. And by that, he of course means hooking himself up to an electrolyte enriched saline drip and chugging a shake made of god-knows-what superfoods. When he finally comes out of the medical bay, having disposed of the bag and needle and secured the cotton over the injection site with a little Spiderman band-aid, he's almost immediately confronted by Natasha.
"That's the thing, maybe you are. Maybe you just have the wrong concept of love. I'm not sure I care if the end result is right. You know, me being with Steve, you being alone. It's like a job." Bucky pats Tony's shoulder with his metal arm. "Doesn't matter how or why, as long as your mom is dead."
Taking a sip from his coffee, Steve is already looking for the next one to try. "I really have to work out tomorrow. Hard."
"That's more like it." Bucky grins fully now. This is the Tony he can handle, the one he's used to, the one he knows how to deal with. "Don't worry, everything that's left is all me. Just the way I've always been. Kinda makes you wonder what he has to think of you if he still picked me over his boyfriend."
It's been several months since... they broke up. Because that's what they did, right? Steve still isn't sure. He feels like they had never talked about their relationship status enough for him to be sure they had even officially had one. Although he feels like it, because that would explain the pain in his chest every time he even thinks about Tony.
She shrugs. "I dunno, it just usually works. Gives closure, I guess. People have a hard time with abrupt change. Did you two actually break up over Bucky, or is that just the rumor literally everyone here is sure is true?"
"True. I mean, I could just take you back to France and you could have the real deal if this doesn't work for you." He slides into his seat, still watching Steve almost-lovingly.
Tony looks as if he doesn't understand, like Bucky just spoke some kind of foreign language that Tony has to piece together. "You... want... You've wanted to... Huh." He swallows and sits on that for a second, letting it sink in. The number one way to Tony’s heart is through his ego. And he does know full well that there are better ways to work out tension than getting yourself beat. "Huh," he repeats, and then continues as naturally and nonchalantly as possible. "Well, I mean, I still maintain you're somewhere between 'gifted gorilla' and 'dolphin'." Finally, a productive way to bait Bucky Barnes.
Spitting onto Tony's exposed hole and his human fingers, Bucky keeps him pinned with his metal hand and then roughly shoves two digits into him at once. His eyes are locked onto Steve though.
Once they're back at his apartment, Steve takes Tony's jacket and hangs it up before doing the same with his own.
"I'm always gorgeous," he shoots back dryly, for a second almost resembling the man he used to be. "I'm sorry if I... I guess I should have told you sooner. That I like to get rough and all that."
"Yes. And I know you deserve better than what I have to offer and I don't deserve any of your affection after what happened but I don't care. Maybe I'm not a good man anymore, maybe I never have been. Doesn't matter." He cups Tony's face and kisses his forehead.
There's no way he can't smile when Steve is looking at him like that. "Well, now you know why I never had a girlfriend for more than a month."
He looks away and could swear he feels his face getting warm. "That’s what I just said, isn't it? Yeah, I wanna take you on a date."
Every worry Tony ever had about today has been completely forgotten, left off somewhere between the feeling of Steve's chest against his own, and the feeling of their tongues meeting. Forgotten, of course, until he sees Bucky leaning against the wall of the entryway.
can't afford to let things between us just... I can't just slap a band-aid on it and ignore it while it festers. I've gotta look it in the face and deal with it."
He smiles and shrugs. "Loving someone means taking care of the people they care about, and since you're both wanted men, you both need a safe house."
Steve moans a little as he feels Tony on top of him, smiling into the kiss. Suddenly he has a thought though. "Do you.. I'm not... Like, it matters that it's me who makes you feel loved, right?"
There's actually a hint of a blush on Bucky's cheeks and he pulls away quickly, turning around to get to his empty coffee mug again. "You look really fucking good when you break okay? Forget that I said anything."
"Why would it...? Because you're from pretty deep into last century. I mean, the ideas in the forties, they weren't exactly enlightened." He sounds as if it's so obvious.
If he hadn't been boiling under the surface already, he would've continued to play nonchalant, would've insisted the work was too important or he can listen just fine while he cuts wood but instead he sighs, irritated, slams a fist on the board and turns around. "What? What the hell do you want, Steve?"
The innocence behind that is striking and Buck smiles like a fool, burying his face in the crook of Steve's neck. "I thought I was sick. Am sick, for the things that I like. And the more I learned, the worse it got. There was no way I could ever... ruin you like that."
Gently but determinedly, Bucky fists his hand into the hair at the back of Steve's neck and pulls him around. When their lips meet, it feels like the world just stops turning and everything makes so much sense now. "Fuck," he curses, the taste of his soulmate making him forget anyone else he's ever kissed. "I love you, Steve. I've loved you all my life."
That breaks him in the absolutely best way possible. He can't contain it, he leans forward, takes Bucky by the side of his jaw, and kisses him deeply.
Tony glances down at the adjustment and suddenly it's really warm in here. He adjusts his thigh a bit. "Uh, technically, about a month. Publicly? A few months. Publicly with another man?" He clears his throat. "Never."
His grip on Steve's hip tightens as he pushes a little more, sucking gently and lapping over his skin.
He groans again, hips pushing softly against Bucky's as his arousal builds. "Yes," he whispers. "More, Buck, please. Keep talking to me."
"Thank you." Steve beams once again and deals with the dishes while also starting his espresso machine. The fact that he knows which buttons to press these days actually makes him proud. "Do you like sweets?"
The word makes Steve roll his eyes once again but he just shrugs. "We all have a soulmate waiting for us out there. Even you."
His voice goes cold. "Yeah, and you're not Captain America anymore, but we still all gotta answer for our past."
The natural order they'd found with each other so many months ago reasserts itself like it's only been a day. Tony surrenders to Steve's care, lets the other man love him enough for the both of them, and when he finally pulls back he feels like an entirely different person. "I really hate you sometimes," he says, breathless, full of affection, and with a small laugh.
He feels guilty. Guilty in regards to Tony but also because they lost so much time. Time they could have spent together. Without another word, Bucky gets up and scoops up Steve into his arms, carrying him to his bedroom. "My Captain."
"No, everything is working fine. Thank you." Steve swallows and steps closer. "Tony, will you please turn around and talk to me?"
He can feel the suffocating walls around his heart starting to come down again and he breathes deep. All he’s ever wanted is to feel loved. "Will you kiss me again, now?"
He puts on a small, sort of defeated, smile and sits down beside Steve. "Because if he isn't, I don't get why you're here."
of it, as you've probably noticed. Two, if I hoard it all away and don't spend it, that's bad for the economy. If someone has all the gold, then there's no more gold for anyone else. And, most importantly, three--if it makes you smile like you are right now I'll spend a whole fortune, every day."
Steve's pupils are blown to the point that his eyes look almost black and his grip on Tony's arms and hair tightens considerably. He watches as Bucky picks up the pace and nods. "Yes, do it, Buck.
"You did a pretty great job with this room," Steve says when he sits down, trying to make some small talk.
"I'm sure he's out there, waiting for you," Steve says with an affectionate and honest smile, patting Tony's back.
Steve sighs deeply and turns his attention back to Bucky, having watched Tony leave. "I'm so lost," he says, looking a little helpless.
"All or nothing, basically. I don't think giving me a taste and then telling me I can never have it again will go very well." Especially because he's been craving that general kind of closeness for decades now.
"I'm pretty sure you know exactly what's been bothering me." He speeds up, almost like he's trying to shake Steve.
Steve swallows and looks at Bucky for a long, long moment. "I think there might be some things we need to talk about first."
Tony is twelve, apparently, because he can't help but snicker. "Yeah, you should, uh, you should say exactly that when you propose it to the team."
"I don't mind taking care of people, and God would I be in a way worse place if I minded when people tried to fuck me, so don't worry about me. He's sleeping, in his bed, and he'll probably be harder to wake than the dead until the alcohol's worked through him. You should figure out what you're going to say, or do, or both."
"Yeah, that sounds familiar." Steve grins, brushing his fingertips over Tony's shoulders and down his arms. "How would you like me to do it?"
"Okay, fair point," he smiles broadly. "God, I wish I could've seen you before the serum. I've read a file on you, from way back then. The long list of why you were denied from service? You must've been a totally different person in a lot of ways."
Their talk had all been friendly, sometimes a bit personal in a good way, but the more he’s indulging himself the more he wants, so he changes the subject slightly. "So, what is it that makes you not sure if you're bi?"
Tony is patient while Steve cooks, and they make conversation easily, but as the preparation drags on, Tony is starting to look at the man in a less and less chaste way. It's liberating, being able to really notice him, out in the open, not worried about who might catch on, and he's taking full advantage. When they're finally sitting down to eat, he takes Steve's cue from earlier and tries initiating a bit of simple affection by using his foot to gently toy with Steve's ankle and calf.
"Thank you." He blushes ever so slightly but then beams at the flowers. "Oh my God, they're beautiful!"
"Yeah," his voice is low and in control again, feeling the way Bucky reacts. "I don't have real concrete specifics there. It changes every time I use that to get off."
Something inside Bucky really fucking hates the fact that Tony is so damn ready to "deal with it" and his mouth gets a cruel twist. "Yeah? Well, I fucking hate you for what you have with him and I could do without you. I'm pretty sure I could make him happy in that way, too, so for all I care we don't need you, get the fuck out," he says bluntly. There's nothing in his face or tone of voice that tells if he's honest or just trying to fuck with Tony. In the end it's a little bit of both.
Tony just looks extremely smug, beyond proud, and even though he feels like he's won, he can't help but kick Bucky when he's down. "Oh, so you have caught onto that? Well, that's a relief, you're not as stupid as I thought you were. I'd been pegging your intellect somewhere around 'gifted gorilla' level but I think you may have just graduated to dolphin. Bravo."
Bucky takes Tony down the rabbit hole and moans slightly as well as he takes more and more of his mouth, hands keeping him in place even as he hears Steve. He doesn't let the kiss end before he's done.
Now it's Bucky's turn to blush and he shifts as his cock is making itself known. "How do you guys usually do it?"
Finally, Tony turns to look at him, and Steve can see the walls crumbling, despite the facade of amusement. Tony blinks hard, the shadow of grief still on his face, and Steve wraps an arm around his shoulders, tucking him into his side.
So instead he pulls Tony closer and kisses him hard, harder than before, hoping that he can help him to forget whatever demons he’s managed to find himself caught up with.
“You can't do this. I run this company, I keep it alive. You’ll be lost without me, without your father. Put this aside Tony.”
Plus, what if Tony doesn’t actually want to see him? What if he’s changed his mind now? Everything swirls around his head, almost faster than he can keep up, and he decides to move before he does something stupid like throw his phone out of the window.
He’s not sure if he’s crying or not, but everything feels so fucking numb and the panic is gone but somehow this is so much worse.
“I hope you killed him.” His voice is low, and all he can think about is Tony, Tony younger than he is now, Tony being trapped with Ty-
but supportive, and hasn’t left his side even once. The expression on Rhodey’s face makes him look away.
Tony doesn’t know what to say, isn’t sure how to deal with Rhodey defending him like this. He forces himself to look at Steve, and there’s nothing but devastation on his beautiful face.
“I just wanted to- I know you don’t like opening up, not to anyone. But I’m here, no matter what, okay?”
Steve watches Tony pull the shattered pieces of his grief together in the space of seconds. He wonders if Tony
Steve changes the subject, because despite the lightness of Tony’s tone, he can see something a little darker in his gaze that hadn’t been there a minute ago.
When he gets to the stories about what exactly goes on at these parties, and who exactly Tony Stark takes to bed, he stops reading.
are the emotions that Steve’s been seeing flickering behind the ten foot high walls in his eyes, now raging across his face.
Tony blushes, mouth curling into a small smile, and it’s one of the first times Steve has seen him blush, and a humming sort of pleasure comes to life in his chest.
He watches Tony’s entire demeanour change, and he seems to put the intense weight of grief aside, just brush it off. Denial, compartmentalisation, he doesn’t know. But Tony is doing it.
When Tony wakes up the next morning, he thinks he might be dreaming. He rolls over gently, trying not to move the bed too much, and picks up his phone to check the time. It’s 5am.
“Yes. Thank you.” The billionaire says with a half smile. “You’ve done your country a great service.”
“Maybe you are.” Tony says, barely louder than a whisper, and Steve can feel his breath tickling his neck where he’s tucked against him. Tony is the perfect size for dancing, small enough that he just
His voice is steady. He doesn’t argue with Tony often, even though the billionaire has so many secrets, and Steve let’s him deal with shit alone even though sometimes the look in his eyes after work makes him want to kill someone. But this-
“I didn’t- I don’t know if it’s too much too soon, but I just kept thinking about how you have… you have two sides. And no one really
“What did you give him?” He asks Ty through gritted teeth, and the other boy grins, a smile full of so many sharp edges.
“Let’s not joke about that sweetheart.” He can hear the smile in Tony’s voice. “Just hurry up, okay?”
“I told you,” says Tony steadily, a lot more steadily than he’s feeling right now, “I’m not scared of him.”
Obadiah takes another step towards him and he doesn’t move. His heart is beating so fast, it’s a wonder no one else can hear it.
“Tony, listen.” Steve says, and Tony really does look now, because there’s something in his voice that gives him pause. “We can go as slow as you want, with literally everything. Any time it gets too much? You tell me, and I’ll back off.”
“I’ll also be testifying for emotional manipulation and blackmail, just because it’s a nice addition. If you don’t make a fuss about it, maybe they’ll bury you in the fancy prison garden, rather than the shitty one.”
Steve just stares at him, eyes wide, heart pounding in his chest, and Tony seems to take his silence for a no because he starts talking again.
He shoots back, dropping his voice to a whisper and glancing at the door, so very conscious that Steve can probably hear their whole conversation.
He feels a sudden sharp urge to get defensive, accompanied with a flash of panic that he suspects won’t ever get old. It’s not like she had shouted his name in times square but… he’s nervous, too nervous about it. It’s a weakness, to have a secret like this, he’s well aware of that.
Steve just looks at him for a long long moment, and Tony tells himself not to focus on how blue his eyes are.
It’s a need to know basis, his friendship with Obie. He wants to keep it like that. After everything that’s happened… he wants to keep it like that.
Tony recoils slightly, instantly realising his mistake in reacting, and trying desperately to cover it up.
College parties were made to screw you over, he thinks as he takes a step a little too fast and the dull ache in his head becomes a lot more painful. He doesn’t know why he had thought it would be a good idea. It’s fine. He can put all the blame on Nat, who had been the person to drag his ass all the way to the party for the hell of it.
“Is everything okay?” Steve says quietly, and Tony doesn’t answer. His eyes are still shut tight, hands curled into fists around the sheets on the bed.
“A compilation of your sins. In simple terms, it’s everything I’ll be showing the judge at your trial.” Steve sees Obadiah's fingers tighten around the folder, and apparently Tony does too, because he laughs quietly. “I’ve already made the necessary copies, so you can keep that if you wish to.”
Later, Steve falls asleep in his bed, and Tony is pressed up against his side, head resting on his chest. It’s so warm.
He can’t move, can’t breathe. His ribs hurt, his face hurts. He doesn’t know if he’s bleeding, doesn’t know if something is broken, doesn’t know-
jealous. He refuses to be jealous of the fact that Tony Stark smiles at everyone like that, like they’re the only person in the world.
He doesn’t know how he remembers the street name, doesn’t know how he finds the energy or the will or the words or anything.
He sees Howard’s gaze wander around the apartment, and realises too late that the two empty mugs of coffee are still on the table.
He gets him into the bed, but doesn’t try to take off any of his clothes because god knows he’s had enough of that in the last few hours.
He blinks, tuning back in, and realises with a sort of intense mortification that he’s been staring at Tony for a few seconds in silence.
Steve pulls him to his feet and he wavers for a second, but then grits his teeth. He feels better than he had last night, but still like he's been run over multiple times. By a train.
He’s on his second glass of some spirit he doesn’t know the name of, and he’s convinced the bartender is spying on him. Which is also totally fine, except that means Obie is spying on him, and Steve is
“I'm glad.” He says, and it's a breath of air, so quiet that Tony barely catches it. Maybe it’s the cold and the light snow that’s started.
Tony runs his hand over the computer, and he’s got a look of intense focus on his face as he examines the screen, playing around with some of the keys
(He takes three showers in the end. The last two are to wash away the feeling of hands that aren’t Steve’s.)
Tony braces his hands on the table in front of him, palms flattening, trying to ignore the nerves jumping to life in his stomach. “So you’re saying that I was actually the
“Sto bene. Sono solo stanco,” [3] he says, matching her tone with a small, genuine smile. The words are soothing, and there’s something beautiful about the language that he’s never quite been able to get with anything else.
“Mom.” Tony whispers against his shoulder, and his heart is breaking because no one should have to do this and it’s Tony and-
If you liked this, or really really want to yell at me right now, drop me a comment (I love reading about what you guys thought!) or come and scream at me on tumblr/instagram: @wordsxstars
“Why?” He dares to ask, because Tony can say whatever he wants, and he’s not really sure what he’s asking him to say, but it somehow feels so very important.
Seemingly satisfied with his answer, Steve smiles, kissing him again. He looks like Tony feels, like he could stay kissing him forever.
Steve processes that information, making the next coffee without any sort of interaction, body working on autopilot as he tries to order his thoughts.
He inches closer. There’s symbols on the side that he recognises as the Ancient Greek lettering they’d talked about in history. But it’s almost like he can-
“Then that’s okay too.” Steve’s lips curve into a quiet smile. “More than okay. I just want you to be able to talk to me, and realise that I’m not going anywhere.”
It’s Rhodey’s turn to turn and give him a look of mock exasperation . “He started talking about how the ancient Egyptian’s used the bathroom. I decided to cut my losses.”
When he meets Steve outside of the tiny art gallery, Tony smiles, but doesn’t kiss him. Too many eyes, too many people. Steve doesn’t seem to care though, only gives him a grin in response that is so open, so honest. Tony feels light when he leads him inside.
the fact that this isn’t a request. It’s not an option, and it’s not a fucking question. Let me see him. Now.”
“You can’t dance.” Tony says, fond amusement faltering for a second to give way to surprise. It’s not rude, just curious. A little incredulous, but not rude. Not judgemental. Tony rarely is judgemental, no matter how many times the tabloids say otherwise.
So instead, he stops trying to explain exactly how he’s feeling, and just kisses him until everything else falls away.
“I know. I know you don’t want that, which is why I’m not going to. But you need to let me take care of you, and you need to let yourself relax, and you need to
Pepper puts the folder on the table with a little more force than necessary, and then sits down in the spare seat.
Rhodey steps in before Tony can open his mouth and say something dumb. He’s glad their friendship keeps evolving as they learn from past mistakes.
“You okay?” He says quietly, and Tony nods, leaning into his touch, eyes still closed as Steve tilts his head up and kisses him.
Tony unfreezes, knocking Obadiah’s hand away and stepping in front of Steve in the space of a second, effectively cutting him off. Tony glances once behind him at Steve and then turns back to Obie, but the split second is enough. He sees the anger that had previously been on Tony’s face again, but this time it’s ten times stronger, fire flickering to life in his eyes. Steve has a flash of clarity, and realises
When they get to the hotel, it’s too easy to get inside. Natasha goes right up to the front desk and smiles at the man there. Steve has always marvelled at her ability to produce a fake smile this realistic. He wonders how she’s so good at it.
“Yes sir,” he says quietly, because Obie knows Steve’s name, knows what he means to Tony, and doesn’t make empty threats.
The sun hits the lake, the world turns golden, and something that Tony has been missing for a while finally slides back into place.
He’s never thought of love as something soft, never thought he would be okay with being like this with someone else.
“I never hated you.” Tony says again, softer now. There’s an ache in his chest, but it’s bittersweet. “God, I don’t know if I’m even
He definitely doesn’t go around giving random baristas his personal phone number. Random male baristas. And if one wrong person finds out, then Howard finds out, and then… well he knows what’s next.
“Officially, I'm not even here. Those cameras you keep looking at?” An icy smile. “They’re mine. I hacked them an hour ago. This meeting never happened.”
Steve feels a tiny flicker of bitterness at this, because Tony has grown up in a perfect life where he’s never
.” Is the only thing out of his mouth before his stomach is turning and he’s lurching out of the bed, moving almost blindly towards the bathroom. He hears someone swear, hears footsteps follow him, but his head is-
Tony raises his eyebrows as she speaks, tipping his head to the side and looking at her almost quizzically, before his face relaxes into a smile.
Tony can’t stop smiling and at some point he thinks he might be crying, but Steve brushes away the tears with soft hands and
“Fine. Letting it go as we speak. Promise I won’t hit him again unless he doesn’t stick to his halfway decent apology.”
Steve flinches as if he’s been slapped, and Tony seems to realise he’s gone too far and draws back, but his expression doesn't change. The warmth in his chest has vanished as Steve stares at him with wide eyes.
Tony narrows his eyes, assessing him with the intense gaze of a businessman. Steve resists the urge to fidget.
He isn’t sure how much time passes, but eventually, he hears footsteps approaching, and then Tony is next to him, dropping to his knees on the sidewalk.
“Of course I did baby.” Tony whispers, lips ghosting his neck, and he feels a flash of warmth through his whole body
“Baby,” Steve whispers, pulling away to look at him. There are tear tracks on his face, and Steve feels sick. “Not your fault, okay?”
Nat finds the spare key that he knows Tony keeps hidden by the side of the door and unlocks it. Steve leads him towards it, and Nat touches his shoulder gently.
“Ti voglio bene,” [5] she says with a smile, and he murmurs it back because he does. He does love her, even though she has no idea about
“Did he-” he doesn’t know how to say it, doesn’t want to ask it. Breathe. In and out. In and out. “Did-”
When he asks Steve to drive them to where his parents are buried, Steve does it without a second of hesitation.
Steve says goodnight to him once they get back, and apologies for intruding. Tony says he doesn’t mind, because he really doesn’t, and Steve's answering smile makes Tony smile back.
He doesn’t say anything, just tugging Tony gently towards the elevator. As he glances back, he sees Natasha smile, and sees Ty’s face go white.
“You haven’t exactly been forthcoming either.” He forces his voice to relax, to slip into the familiar drawl that he’s used on far too many girls at parties just like this.
He tenses slightly as a gentle hand touches his cheek; relaxing as the face next to him comes into focus. It’s Tony. Tony.
“Right.” Steve blinks, flashing him a smile that is a cross between soft and sinful. It shouldn’t be possible, definitely not for someone like Steve, and yet here they are.
“Staying,” Steve says with a small smile. “I just might run down to the store and get some more junk food.”
All eyes flick to the billionaire, and his eyes are darker than Steve has ever seen before when he meets them. The grief… the grief has been shoved aside again. Steve wonders how much energy it takes to do that, how much effort.
“Yeah Happy, I need you to run him through the system.” Silence for a second, and Steve strains his ears to listen. “Yeah, it’s fine.” There’s another pause, and Steve is barely breathing as Tony continues. “This was my fault Happy. Don’t try to drag other people into it, okay?”
He glances at his phone. It’s 8 now, and he’s relieved, because it’s early November, and it’s getting a hell of a lot colder.
Before either of them can react, he steps inside, and Tony shifts backwards so that he’s standing next to Steve. Obadiah nods towards them and steps closer. He’s too close now, right up in Steve’s space, but he refuses to move backwards, refuses to yield a step.
“Just because you’re older, doesn’t make the situation any better. It won’t just disappear because you graduated.”
That’s Steve again, because of fucking course he followed him outside, of course he did because he’s
Instead, he grabs Tiberius Stone by the arm and spends the night with him, and it’s just bruised lips and teeth and a roaring noise in his head, because anything is better than the numbness.
Sam opens his mouth to protest, but Nat just nods, giving him a look that's all wide-eyed innocence.
“You can when you’ve just had your ass kicked by people trained to kick ass for a shit load of money. Deal with it.”
Obadiah waves a hand. “Go, don't worry about it. I’ll see you soon I suspect.” There’s a look of faint amusement on his face, like he knows something Tony doesn’t. He ignores the faint flash of nausea that accompanies this thought, standing up and grabbing his jacket.
He can feel the panic looming, just beyond the wall of stone he’s had up all day. Tony isn’t sure why now is the time the panic attack he’s been putting off for hours has decided to crash back into him, but he just-
By the time he becomes Iron Man, the world has forgotten his grief. No one cared enough about Maria to grieve for her apart from Tony, and they no longer mourn Howard either. Instead, they turn towards Tony for the solutions to every problem they might have.
“Yeah of course.” Tony kisses him again, and he’ll never get sick of this, kissing Steve Rogers. “See you later baby.”
The guy, Tony, smiles again, handing over the money and slipping twenty dollars into the tip jar. Steve fights to keep the surprise off his face.
Steve wants him to come over to talk. Is that a breakup line? Probably. He’s not really sure what a breakup line sounds like. This is definitely it though-
“Dizzy,” Tony says, the words slurring as he shifts again, and Steve catches him with both hands, pulling him upright.
He’s encased in what looks like a metal suit. It’s beautiful; a work of art in itself, and it immediately makes a little part of Tony want to build one. Armour, he realises. It’s armour. It’s in black and white, but his face is in colour. His eyes look… they look happy. He looks happy, even though he’s not smiling.
Natasha gives him a lazy smile, pulling out the keys to her bike. “Nope. You’ve got time, so don’t stress too much. Be careful.”
“Steve.” Tony says, and he looks at him, sees the seriousness in his gaze. “We’re gonna make it, okay?”
His blue eyes are wide, and god knows Tony should let it go now, should back away and leave before he ruins this boy. The world has been far too kind to Steve Rogers, and Tony doesn’t want to be the thing that teaches him hate and manipulation and shows him just how fucked up the world is, shows Steve just how fucked up
Steve clears his throat, forcing himself to focus on literally anything else, or they definitely won’t be leaving the apartment on time.
Steve relaxes, because there is something grounding about Rhodey, even though he’s only been in the room for a minute. When he glances over at her, Pepper is smiling.
Ty. The hallway with Ty. His hands are shaking, and he curls them into fists because he’s not a fucking
“Tony?” He says instead, searching his eyes and brushing a thumb over his cheek. “We don’t have to watch a movie if you don’t want to.”
He locks the bathroom door behind him once he gets across the busy restaurant, bracing his hands on the sink and sucking in a breath. When he glances at the mirror, he looks fine. A little tense, but fine. Normal. He glances at his arm, and the skin is red. Not bruised, but it probably will be tomorrow.
By the time it’s dark, Steve is back in Tony’s apartment, and he really would sell his soul to have someone freeze time so he could stay here forever.
“Evidence of illegal dealings with terrorists, attempted kidnapping, manufacturing of some very unauthorised and illegal weapons, attempting to take a company that doesn’t belong to you by force, attempted murder, organiser and accomplice to the murder of Howard and Maria Stark, and accomplice to the physical assault of Steve Rogers, only a couple of days ago.” Tony smiles, and it’s a terrifying thing. “Did I miss anything?”
Tony swallows hard, hands trembling, and he’s never hated anyone this much, not even his father. Obadiah wants him to beg, because it’s all a fucking power play with him, it’s all about breaking him. Just like every idle touch, every tiny physical contact that he knows Tony hates because he fucking
Steve takes a step towards him, grabbing his hand before he can leave. His grip is gentle, and Tony knows he could break it if he tried. It’s the only thing that stops the reflex of flinching away. He hates it, he hates that he has that reflex, that instinct. He hates that he has to push his boyfriend away from the mess that is his head.
“He threw his lunch at your fucking head.” Tony snaps. He doesn’t know why today is the one where he’s feeling flashes of an almost uncontrollable temper, but at the moment he’s not bothering to keep it in check. “He’s been bitching all day. Can’t he just back off?”
“Of course it fucking bothers me! But that’s how the world works!” Tony shouts, and his voice is bitter, awful. He’s awful, he’s shouting at Steve because he’s
and she gives him one right back which is distinctly more terrifying. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if
Three hours later, a car pulls up by the lake. He doesn’t turn around, but knows who it is once they sit down next to him.
“Always am,” he says with a humourless smile, and Rhodey stands, giving him one more glance before leaving. He sees his friend take his phone out of his pocket and dial a number as he leaves. Tony puts it out of his mind
It’s 2 now; he’s not sure how the time has gone so fast. He forgot to eat lunch, but that doesn’t matter now.
There's a beat of silence, and Steve just lets himself stare for a second, before Tony breaks him out of his thoughts.
, that Steve feels himself grinning back. Soft jazz starts to filter in through the speakers in the room. It’s
When he wakes up, he guesses it’s been a few hours by the difference in light. He can hear Tony moving around in the kitchen, and smiles involuntarily, because it’s Tony.
And yet… there are still some lines of lingering worry on Steve’s face, worry that makes something in his chest ache, because he knows he caused them, even if he hadn’t meant to. Tony reaches out, gently smoothing his fingers over them, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
He’s been to the Met a hundred times, a side effect of living in New York his whole life, so the exhibitions are nothing new. He doesn’t pretend to be interested in anything their nervous wreck of a tour guide is saying, instead opting to wander a little further away from the group.
“Stop looking at me like that,” is what he finally manages to say. “Stop looking at me like I’m about to fucking break just because he hits me.”
When they pull up outside the cafe, Tony opens his eyes and glances at Obadiah. There’s a look of immense satisfaction on his face, and that’s when Tony knows he has to fucking sell this, because Obie has already made up his goddamn mind about the entire situation.
He can’t really see properly, can’t work out what’s going on, where he is. It hurts but it doesn’t hurt at all anymore, and his brain is saying
“Va tutto bene?” [1] His mother says softly as they walk outside, and he nods with a smile, something in his chest aching. He misses her when she’s not here, he misses her a lot.
Tony looks at him, eyes softening for a second, and tugs him down for a kiss. Steve relaxes against his lips, closing his eyes. When Tony pulls away, there’s a slightly sad smile on his face.
Thank you so much for sticking with me through the long process of my procrastination and obsession with angst. (Em and Siya, you guys have more patience with me than most, so thank you. I love you both to the moon and back)
His hands are shaking as he runs them over the drawing, looking at what’s written at the bottom in Steve’s slanting writing.
Maybe it’s the stillness of the water, maybe it’s the setting sun. He doesn’t know, but something prompts the next words out of his mouth.
“Shit,” he says under his breath, backtracking down the street. There’s another store a couple of blocks away, it’s not the end of the world. But it’s dark, and frankly all he wants to do is go and get back into bed with Tony.
the whole time what had happened. He’d seen Tony’s grief, the grief that had nearly torn him apart. And he’d lied, he’d kept it from him.
“If you’re winding him up, of course he’ll react.” Obie’s tone is patient, condescending, patronising. It’s this that makes Tony raise his voice.
even though he knows that the November chill isn’t what the problem is. He feels sick, nausea rolling in his stomach, and he knows that today isn’t going to be a good day, he knows it’ll be worse than it’s been so far.
He frowns slightly, glancing back towards the door. He likes Tony, more than he’s willing to admit to Nat right now, more than he’s even willing to admit to himself. He’s only seen a limited amount of him online, but having the same smile he flashes for cameras turned on him is… disarming, despite only having two conversations with him.
Tony shakes his head, drumming his fingers on his thigh. “Nope. Obie launched a full scale investigation into it, they found nothing. Whoever it was is either hiding it incredibly well, or long gone.”
Tony’s stomach sinks. However friendly his teacher can occasionally be, he knows Fury has a zero bullshit policy about sneaking away from class. And no matter how many times Tony pretends not to care…
attitude that’s gotten him out of too many hard conversations. “No. He finds this shit out. Ty probably told him to be honest.”
She blinks, before looking back at him, seemingly remembering something. “Oh! Sorry, yes. We have an emergency.”
He doesn’t want to let it go, doesn’t want to let Tony sit and deal with whatever the hell that was alone. But they’ve known each other for less than a week, and it’s none of his business.
warm, and Tony wants nothing more than to stay here, learning more about how Steve feels, how he kisses.
“You’re late,” says Clint in a singsong voice, raising his eyebrows. They’re holding coffees, and Steve is torn between amusement and exasperation. “What do you have to say for yourself, hm?”
And finally thank you so much for reading, and for all the amazing comments, they literally mean the whole world.
Ten minutes later, a waitress walks up to their table. He doesn’t turn to see who’s with her, but from the way she’s stumbling over her words, it doesn’t take a lot to guess.
“I didn’t,” he says stubbornly, and Steve swallows the frustration because it’s not Tony’s fault it’s Ty’s, but he has no idea what is in Tony’s system right now.
They’re sitting around one of the booths in the corner, and Nat has her arms folded, which means it’s totally pointless to argue, except he’s much too stubborn to drop it now.
“Then why did you treat me like dust on your shoe?” Tony doesn’t answer, because Steve isn’t done, and he just wants to hear it all first. “You ignoring me? That hurt. And then I was angry, and then…I was just confused, because it wasn’t you. It’s
“Just relax sweetheart.” Tony says, lips far too close to his. A shiver runs down his spine and it’s not from the cold. “Follow me, the rest will come. Muscle memory is a lifesaver.”
“I’m nearly done.” The teen says, twisting two ends together. “My aunt won’t worry, she knows I like to stay late. Did that meeting go well?”
. He allows himself to be pulled into a hug, burying his face in the crook of Steve’s neck and just breathing him in. It’s so warm, he’s so warm, and Tony doesn’t really know when this happened, this desperate need for someone to tell him that it’s okay, and that
His mother is all smiles, air kissing his cheeks, her lipstick immaculate. She spends a minute speaking rapid Italian, telling him how
It’s the wrong thing to say, Steve realises instantly, as for the first time since arriving, anger flickers to life in Tony’s eyes.
Tony shrugs, suddenly feeling like the room is a little too small. “A jacket maybe, pocket or lining. I would avoid putting it near your phone, better not to mess with the signal.”
Two days later, the billionaire's son saunters back into the cafe, this time leaving an older man standing outside, and Steve feels a finger prod him in the back, shoving him towards the till. He glares at Nat, turning back towards him.
“No rush to decide, but give me a call? Also do me a favour; don’t sell that to the paparazzi. There would be far too much paperwork, and I would much rather spend the time getting to know
Sam saying it is making him think about it, which is making him blush even more and really this just isn’t what he expected to be dealing with this morning, especially as all he can think about is Tony's hands-
“Now that we’re on the same page, all intel shared would be appreciated.” Tony doesn’t think that’s an optional request. “Stark, why don’t you start us off?”
hi! I'm sO sorry that it's taken me so long to write this. I was hit by a MAJOR load of writers block, and then school, and then I got sick, and then and then and tHEN I finally managed to find some time to just sit down and write it. Anyway, I hope you like it :)
His friend murmurs something he can’t really hear, reassurances that slowly, gradually, bring down his panic.
He jumps slightly, nearly knocking over the glass of water next to him. When he finally gets over the flush of embarrassment for long enough to focus on the person in front of him, he almost starts blushing.
The shaking hasn’t lessened. If anything, it’s getting worse. Tony’s hands curl into his shirt, gripping tight, tight enough to hurt. He doesn’t care.
“He’s selling under the table.” Steve says softly, and there’s a sort of horrified resignation in Tony’s eyes.
Tony runs a hand through his hair, glancing around the room. Ty is talking to his father now, and Obadiah is watching Tony with an expression that can only be described as one of triumph.
Hope you liked this! If anyone wants to come and yell at me, my instagram and tumblr are @wordsxstars. Thank you for the support on this!
“So,”  Obie says when Tony’s halfway done with his drink. He’s resisting the urge to tap his fingers on the table, refusing to give into the nervous habit. “How have you been Tony?”
Once he’s sure that he can breathe again, Tony opens his eyes, glaring at one of the cameras. Then he sits down, pulling a pile of paper towards him, and starts to read.
He goes back to his apartment before lunch, but skips food and goes into the room he uses as a lab, changing out of his suit and into jeans and a battered ACDC t-shirt that he hasn’t worn since college.
He bites back a laugh, shaking his head. “It will be fine. Pretty routine or so I’m told. I won’t be interacting with anyone, just the tech.”
There’s a tiny bit of hurt in his voice, or maybe Tony is imagining it, amplifying his own guilt because he’s always been self-destructive like that.
She nods, and leaves with their order. Tony turns back to him with a slightly apologetic grin. “Sorry about that.”
Tony laughs, seeing how red he’s gone, and it’s a dark laugh, voice slipping into something that reminds Steve of sin wrapped in silk. “
When Tony opens his eyes, they’re aching. His brain clicks into gear slowly, memories filtering in. There’s someone warm underneath him, someone breathing steadily. His hand is curled too tightly around his shirt.
Tony doesn’t answer, not sure if he can find the words. He feels familiar hands brush over his neck as Steve shifts their positions, tipping his face upwards and gently forcing Tony to meet his gaze.
Tony shrugs, gently tugging his hands away and twisting them together. He’s nervous, Steve realises, and it’s that knowledge that makes him smile as Tony nods, flicking his eyes up to meet Steve’s.
“Shame.” Tony mutters, turning back towards the jar with a grin and nodding towards it. “I was looking at this. For some reason it interested me, don’t ask why. You know i’m not an art person.”
When Tony opens his eyes, the first thing he notices is that his head feels like it’s seconds away from imploding.
“I’ll call you.” Steve says, blushing again at the nickname as he grabs his boots and coat, pulling them on and making his way to the door. Tony laughs, as he watches him go, and there's something warm glowing in his chest.
“Tony, are you listening? Or is your brain doing the thing where it panics instead of being logical."
Tony glances between them, hesitation and dread curling in his stomach. If he says yes, that’s it. He’ll be going on a mission into the middle of a group of people that are known for being able to kill a man in over 30 ways.
There’s a bruise blooming across his face, a mess of purple and blue, but it’s not too swollen, which
Nick Fury comes knocking, he nearly dies from palladium poisoning, then December 16th rolls around. He declines Fury, or rather Fury declines him, but he doesn’t really care anymore.
She guesses his password in six seconds, which would be embarrassing in any other situation, except this is Natasha Romanoff, and she’s freakily good at hacking. There was a rumour last year that she hacked the pentagon, but seeing as he’s the one who started it, he won’t swear by it.
There’s a silky soft laugh, and it makes Steve want to break something, because he sees Tony flinch slightly at the sound, despite the bravado in his words.
call Happy. But there’s a part of him that just wants to go alone, and the thought of talking to anyone other than Steve right now seems insane.
Steve snorts, hastily covering it with a cough, and Tony kicks him under the desk. But then Tony’s smile fades, expression hardening again
Tony raises his eyebrows, and something dark and almost empty flickers in his gaze before it vanishes, and a smile tugs at the corners of his lips. Something tense in Steve uncoils at the sight.
He goes to a party and gets hideously, obscenely drunk, because he’s so fucking scared that the numb feeling will come back. He couldn’t shake it last time, had given into it. It tugs at him even with the blur of alcohol, but he ignores it.
“He’s most definitely not interested in a serious relationship. Getting involved with a billionaire isn’t really on my to-do list for the year. Neither is dating.”
Tony sees the confusion on Steve’s face, ignores it. He forces his tone smooth out, forces his smile to sharpen.
Tony smiles humourlessly, and it’s at times like this that Steve sees the businessman in him, the soon to be CEO, rather than the 18 year old boy that he really is.
Steve shoves him lightly on the shoulder, and then Tony is laughing, and Steve is shaking his head with a smile on his face that he honestly would pay money to see every day.
The rest of the sentence trails away, and Steve ignores the dread and confusion that are wrestling for control in him.
to hurt you. I just don’t want you to get your life ruined, and I don’t want to have to deal with all of that other shit right now, because that’s not something I’m ready to do.”
Tony pulls away, and there’s a flicker of betrayal in his eyes before his expression smooths over again. His face is carefully blank, and in the end, that is the thing that tells Steve just how much he’s hurting.
“Got any more interesting?” He mutters as he slips silently back into the group. Rhodey shakes his head. As he shifts, Tony catches a flash of the earphones in his friend’s ears, and smiles.
Tony grins, and Steve is no longer sure whether he’s intimidated by his boyfriend, or turned on. Or both.
Obie just laughs quietly, and Tony’s given himself away by reacting like that. He’s fucking given it all away and he should have pretended not to give a shit but it’s
He’s so close to breaking, can feel himself tearing apart at the seams, all the carefully put together parts to hide just how fucked up is everything is inside.
He doesn’t move, and when the first rays of sunlight begin to creep through the window, he gets up and makes a pot of coffee.
It hadn’t been a compliment. Maybe that’s why Tony had finally told him to get lost, albeit rather colourfully.
He doesn’t want to leave, doesn’t want to go back to his apartment. He wants to stay and talk to Tony forever. Conversation comes easily, as long as they avoid Tony’s parents, and work, which isn’t hard to do.
“Yeah. Obie said my- said Maria had been driving. She was the most careful person driving. Never drank, never went over the limit. It’s not icy yet. So-”
“Helicopter parent.” Peter whispers loudly as he leaves, and Tony decides against aiming a rude gesture at the closing door.
The last few nights before the storm, he thinks somewhat bitterly, and he hates this. He hates that thinking of Howard provokes this response from him. He hates that it ruins everything. He hates him, he
“Excuse me?” He says softly, and Tony’s heart jumps into his throat. He won’t do it though, won’t go
“Yeah,” Steve says, and Tony realises that he smiles with his whole face. His eyes light up, and his lips-
He hums as Steve readjusts their positions, and the warmth of his skin going all the way to Tony’s bones.
Tony leans back in his seat, tilting his head to one side, resealing the cracks in his immovable facade.
“And then, I’m going to see what it’s like to do exactly what he’s been doing to me for the last ten years.”
“I need some air.” He says again, ignoring the look on Steve’s face, shoving open the front door and walking out of the apartment.
“I didn’t mean any of it,” Tony says quickly, because if there is one fucking thing he can reassure Steve of, it’s this. “I swear to god Steve, I was talking out of my ass. It’s the only sort of talk they
One of them, he thinks maybe the man who had stopped him in the first place, is standing over him. He groans as a final kick connects with his ribs, and he’s not sure what hurts the most anymore.
Tony kisses him again, then pulls away and smiles. The soft musement is there, but the secretive part… it’s no longer a secret. It’s written all over his face. The unreadable thing in his eyes is now so clear that it’s almost tangible, and Steve feels his heart in his throat as Tony takes his hand, winding their fingers together.
His breath leaves him in a gasp, and he nods before realising his best friend can’t see him. He can’t breathe, he can’t
he’s so beautiful. Tony reaches out, smoothing some of his hair away from his face, and smiles slightly as Steve leans into his touch, still asleep. His skin is so soft, and
“It’s good. To be able to dance, I mean. You should learn, and if there’s one thing I can do, it’s dance.”
“I’m only saying this because I’m trying to help,” he says quietly, and Tony looks up at the words. He sees surprise flare in his eyes for a second, and wonders why Tony, after almost two months, is still surprised when people show they care.
on his face now. It’s not directed at him, Steve knows it’s not directed at him. But he can feel it radiating from the billionaire in waves.
Tony picks up his phone, and Steve hears it ring for less than a second before the person on the other side picks up.
He shrugs, going back to the workbench and starting to clear a couple of things away. It’s another minute before he realises his guest hasn’t left, and he’s been ignoring him for too long for it to be polite.
But it doesn’t matter now, because what does matter is waffles, and eating breakfast, and trying to get free coffee off Nat.
He has a missed call from Rhodey. His friend knows, knows everything. Tony can’t talk to him now, because if he does, he might shatter.
Steve lets out a shaky breath; forcing his hands to relax out of the fists he’d curled them into without realising. “Jesus.”
He’s blushing again, he’s definitely blushing, because it’s been a while since he’s been on a date and he’s so damn
“Any of what,” he says quietly. He remembers the look on Steve’s face last night, the smiles, the gentle hands, gentle lips, and everything else.
He chokes out a laugh, closing his eyes as the panic releases its death grip on his chest, allowing his body to relax.
He sucks in a breath, biting back a sob, latching onto the sound of Steve’s voice like an anchor, clinging on as the storm rages around him.
Tony turns to him, eyebrows raised, but Steve sees that Tony knows what he’s about to say before the words leave his mouth.
“Of course I don't. It’s not going to be fun. There are certainly some people there I’d rather avoid. But I have to.”
“Double shot latte,” Obie says with a smirk, getting out of the car and leaning against it. From this angle, he’ll have a good view of the entirety of the cafe, and Tony fucking hates him for it.
Distantly, Steve hears Tony swearing, and a second later, his boyfriend comes bolting down the stairs.
Obadiah shrugs, eyes flashing with ire. “I’m sure whatever you have to say is fascinating, so by all means.”
Tony pushes him away gently, unable to wipe the smile off his face, but stubbornly refusing to get dragged back into yet another kiss.
“He hits you.” Steve whispers, and Tony forgets how to speak, forgets how to get air into his lungs. “Howard. Doesn’t he?”
Stark looked grim, A flash of frustration and dark rage flashed through his eyes, so fast, Steve was certain he’d imagined it. He wished he had had happier news to give Stark, well, he should’ve probably have thought of that before, and anyway, Steve was done lying to Tony. Any version of him.
He can’t quite make his mind up if Tony crying is the most beautiful thing in the world, or the most embarrassing.
———————————————————————----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
His therapist with her too kind eyes tells him that he may be projecting his insecurities onto Tony. Steve sits in the stupidly cozy room with the unobtrusive bland colors which were no doubt supposed to be comforting; and can only think of his nightmares. He can only think of Tony wiping his memories and dancing around with Strange. They'd gotten even closer now. Tony and Strange. Not to mention
For whichever reason that made sense only if you practiced the Steve Rogers school of thought, Steve was almost as excited as Thor about all this, which had Tony completely bamboozled.. Out of the three of them, Steve was the only one who knew exactly what had gone down during the war. Tony wasn’t dumb. He had read the papers. In fact, it had been the first thing he had done after waking up from his coma - someone had shoved a newspaper in his face with the headlines: 'Captain America Assassinated.' Tony didn’t remember the war, but he remembered the sheer terror he had felt when he read it. The Tony Stark who had fought that war had been a complete asshole moonlighting as a dictator, but he almost felt sorry for the poor bastard.
He smiles and leans back, the water flicks taunting over his skin - lets his head roll to the side, lose on its neck, eyes half-lidded. It’s a pleasant, luxurious thing -
He looked back at Steve. “My Steve is currently a Nazi,” he spat.” And I am brain dead. The last time we spoke, he asked me when the last time was I drank. The last time he came to speak to me, he told me about all the different ways he was going to ruin everything I had ever built, all the time while mocking
Steve surprised himself by desperately grabbing onto his hand, salvation beaconing. “You don’t know the things we’ve done, what I’ve done.” Steve felt impossibly young and vulnerable, with this man he’d just met. Who’d popped into his living room, inexplicably. He’d never wanted to fight alien armadas or become a part of a group of Super Powered Individuals. He wondered how the other Steve dealt with this. He wondered if he could ask. How the Steve that Stark spoke of in a tone of voice with poorly concealed awe bordering on reverence, measured up to the standard. Steve had the feeling that the Rogers probably
They go to one of Tony’s smaller recently reacquired properties. It’s a small cottage with a lovely ocean view.
The room was warm, cozy, but Tony still felt stifled for some reason. He regretfully pushed himself away from the warmth of the fire-place and stumbled onto the door, still mostly doozy.
Maybe he was going into some kind of delayed shock. Didn’t that happen, When people experienced terrible things?
Steve brooded at the Blue-eyed Tony sitting across the table, with what he felt was very well-deserved trepidation. Steve had accepted many strange and inexplicable things since waking up in the 21st century. Many good, like equal rights and education, some things that were strange, like people with green hair. Steve had bravely learned to accept the ideology behind the thought, ‘If you can think of it, it probably exists’.
Steve is grateful. It’s easier to talk to Tony like this, easier to not have to worry about judgment, wonder if the ever-present faith in Tony’s eyes would recede somewhere quiet and distant. It’s shameful. This hope for comfort. This,- this pitiful
He felt a chilling hatred for the part of him that felt an almost mind numbing swooping relief. Steve was gone. And Tony didn’t need to pretend to listen to a conscience he had silenced a long time ago. He could fight the war without Steve’s interference, without Steve hovering over his shoulder every other minute. The jet - a distant spec in the sky - eventually disappeared, not even a glint to be seen.
Steve should,- Steve should probably clean. He surveys the room, The discarded takeout boxes, the dirty clothing littering the floor, the empty beer bottles lying morosely on the ground, and tries to quell the rapid tide of rising disgust.
trusts me.” he can’t quite suppress the pathetic sniff. He rubs his nose on his shoulder. Tony’s hand on his waist tightens.
He lets his lips curl, welcomingly; moves forward, swaying his hips, trails his hand behind him in the water.
Steve feels weird and disjointed in the real world. He had gotten so used to the boring colors of his prison cell. The vibrancy of life scares him. He holds Tony’s hand tightly.
They accommodate him. The lovely sweet beings that they are, they don’t say a word. Steve goes back to eating him out, and Thor holds the hand that Tony splayed over his stomach: a gentle, sure grip.
“Give him time” Carol had said, looking down; war and all, they'd both made up pretty easy. Fifteen phone calls, hundred texts, and Carol having family problems had put them both firmly back together. Thicker and tighter than
“Trust will come with time,” he says, his fingers smoothing over Steve’s chest. “It might take a while,-”
Tony had wished a million times over that Steve would never remember, he had wished a million times over that he would. That Steve would shout at him. He wished Steve had hit him the face.
He presses a kiss to Tony’s forehead. Tony curls into it, body loosening, “You’ll earn it back soldier,” he promises, all faith and no hope.
Tony let his eyes open, a small infinitesimal glare, Thor with one hand dragging down the length of Tony’s body: setting his nerves afire, down under the water where it, without doubt, closed around Steve’s cock.
Steve drags his heavy hand up Tony’s body to sink into his hair again. He’s letting it grow out, like how he’d had it in the nineties, brushed back with a few flecks of strategic strands on his forehead. It’s adorable,-
“I know how this goes,” Stark said, bluntly interrupting Steve’s internal monologuing. Stark took a deep breath, “In my universe,” he begins haltingly. “In my universe, we fought the same war. We fought it to the bitter end, said and did things to each other, that we knew we could never come back from. We were as self-righteous as it got. We wouldn’t be stopped. Maybe in our darker moments we’d even admit that we
, and stupid; One of his favorite things to dream about had been an idea, a thought, a what-if, he'd been alone with Iron Man when his secret identity had been revealed. Tony grinning at him sheepishly in the Ferrari red thong that did little to reduce his near exotic appeal. In his dreams, Steve would draw Tony in with a finger on the string. Tony would come to him, pliant, his eyes half lidded, the electric blue of them glittering in the dark. He'd be so soft, and Steve would be so careful. In his dreams Steve would take off the thong and Tony would want him to.
Tony turns around in his arms, “You took too long to get here,” he teases, runs a hand down Steve’s lovely chest to take away any imagined sting, “I got lonely.”
Steve isn't stupid. He knows what is real and what isn't. Vegas doesn't exist. That is real. He knows the fear of the Illuminati reassembling wasn't real. (Tony hadn't even apologised) but Steve did
“I'd like to think you would have been proud” the Hydra Supreme had said, from the videos a shamefaced SHIELD agent had given him. The Hydra Supreme,- who'd apparently been more vocal about Steve's feelings than Steve had
He tries to force some out, holds his eyes open boring into the ceiling until they go dry. They don’t come to him. It must be easier for professional actors, he muses.
The damp air played over his skin, his open mouth, his nipples, an alluring lover off its own - like it was so very tired of being the perpetually mute spectator. He groans again.
Tony woke up slowly. He nuzzled into the soft warm skin beneath him, comfortably warm for the first time all day, and rubbed his eyes. Steve had one arm thrown over Tony’s shoulder, and the other resting softly at his nape. Tony stifled a small smile, gently pushing away from 250 pounds of gorgeous super soldier and slipping his feet into the fluffy red and gold shoes he had insisted on bringing along. Steve had sulked over them all the way to the cottage.
Tony gasped for breath a few minutes later, convinced Ty wouldn’t be able to find him again. He leaned against the wall, slowly edging down, throwing his head back in relief.
Tony was used to being an instrument of visual appreciation to his lovers. Steve had drawn him in ways that would have put the Athenians to shame. Legs open, with Steve’s spend still staining his skin. By the window, head thrown back - a scrap of white draped over his shoulder, the only consideration for his modesty. In the bath, amongst roses and candles, in the Gym after a bout of sparring - if Steve so pleased, his boxing glove on Tony’s own hand. It was flattering, it truly was. Tony did enjoy the way eyes tended to darken around him. Enjoyed the way strong men like Thor or Steve struggled to breathe straight when he got too close. Enjoyed the way a well-fitting suit could make even the Illuminati sputter and lose focus in his presence.
been, all the while considering it a weakness. "He Loved You" he'd said. Steve shouldn't hurt so much that was what his counterpart had chosen to reveal to Tony.
Tony nudged Steve’s shoulder. “I thought you were dead,” he exclaimed. “I’m alright Steve,” he added, when Steve still didn’t look up. Steve hugged him close, his hands shaking slightly. Tony wrapped the blanket around them both, pulling Steve to his feet and nudging  him towards the room. Where they’d sleep, in the bed, together. And they would definitely leave by tomorrow. Tony was never listening to Thor ever again. Steve smiled happily at him as he held his hand and walked towards the room. Tony promptly changed his mind - Thor was the best bro anyone could ever ask for, and if all of this worked out Tony would take
Ty grinned at him, with the usual half-mad look in his eyes. Tony’s heart beat so hard, he was truly surprised it didn’t echo over the dark room.
He sits on the floor against the bars facing outside, his back to Steve. Was that a gesture of trust ? Of Vulnerability ? Steve can’t understand Tony any better now than he could all those years ago. However long before.
worse.” Steve really couldn't think of what could be worse than fighting each other so hard that one of them had died.
Tony sighs, rolling his shoulders over the ground, stretching. “Let us not discuss the gleaming triumphs and failures of behaviourism, Steven.” he says, reaching out to Steve’s shoulders, as Steve thumbs at his winking hole, “mmm, come here.”
How could he hope to explain the complexities of his relationship with Tony to her? To the naked eye, their relationship probably defined unhealthy. Steve still wasn't sure it it wasn't.
Tony could almost convince himself everything was as it had once been, rolling around the gym mats with Steve like overgrown puppies, laughing - their bodies slick with sweat. If Tony strained hard enough he could hear Jan's cheerful voice, Hank's quite muttering in his lab.
He heard Ty and Rumiko’s footsteps grow closer and gripped the door tightly. A beat passed, and then they whispered something and left the kitchen.
, he is almost constantly worried, he looks behind his shoulder a million times over and there's nothing.
The first time Tony comes to visit Steve, he’s resplendent in his golden armor. He walks to Steve with the confidence of the conquering victor; doubtless, arrogant,so sure of himself.
Tony ripped off his shirt, tearing it into strips, desperately struggling to reduce the blood flow. He placed a hand on Steve’s throat to feel his pulse; it was beating very very faintly, and Tony suspected the only reason he could hear it was due to some leftover Extremis in his bloodstream.
The water tends an almost greenish sheen to the air, his skin shimmers like he is something exotic, playing at seduction: a game Thor had witnessed a million times to possibly more satisfactory results.
He fumbles with the taps, this was just being stupid. He should jump out of the shower and wait it out, and yet.
His skin tingles pleasantly as he runs his arm down the length of his body, down his chest, over the sensitive skin of his stomach, let’s his knuckles trail over the skin at his lower back, to play his fingers over the curve of his ass, between the cheeks to feel where he is gaping: open and loose. Thor had played him like an instrument: a chord, a string for every note he dared tease away from Tony’s mouth. Like it was a great privilege - the greatest of them all. Like Tony was a Stradivarius and Thor: Antonio; the violin - the pinnacle of all his achievements.
For Tony, Steve would go through everything a million times over. He sometimes struggles to even understand it. How it was even possible to love so unselfishly, so instinctually, so ferociously.
Tony was the one who stayed up all night when Steve wanted to talk to him, Tony was the one who Steve let win because he actually
Steve hurriedly puts his clothes back on and grabs his phone. The tiny icon of Tony's face shines in Steve's notification bar, and Steve
But benefits for the sake of the good fight, and just benefitting were two exceptionally different things. Tony would dare to go ahead and say there was almost a certain grandiosity to it: fighting, winning, and bleeding together.
“It was a great battle, was it not?” Thor tosses his hammer into the air, grasps the handle with his Uru arm as it comes back down. He's dripping wet. The water dances: a move for a maze down his body; gleaming as gold as Asgard herself in the hard dip between his pecs and over his stomach - down his hip bones to meet the water: like a delta. Thor is, of course, no lesser a force of nature than that.
Later, he is sleepy and mussed, laid over Thor’s cape with Steve on one side and Thor on the other. Tony’s hair blows in tandem with Thor’s breath. Brushing cool and cleansing over his forehead, Thor’s arms tight around his hips and Steve’s.
The woman gives a superior sniff, whisks his cash away and pushes a rusty key over the table. Tony takes it, running the metal over in his hands curiously.
He walks forward and absently places his hand on the bars, Steve struggles to his feet, worn and thin, places his hand over Tony’s.
Steve looks up as he comes in, a childish look of delight on his face. Neither of them fared well in loneliness.
worried for Tony that he really didn’t really think twice, he just surged up and kissed Steve. For all the build up and time it had taken them to get to this moment, it felt almost anti-climatic, no fireworks going off, Steven Price not playing in the background. All the same it was as close to perfection as it got.
He supposes it doesn't matter, as she doesn’t come back. It feels like another failure above a list of failures. Never mind that Steve had
Captain America and Iron Man. The Soldier and the Knight. The Man and the Machine. The Fool and the Alcoholic.
But, Tony has always been a generous lover, a painfully honest one. When Steve took him into his arms, that day when Tony had woken up after months of sleep: kissed him like he’d found an oasis- things had changed. Tony could no longer afford games, with who he was, and who Steve was: lies were out of the question. Lies had gotten them into this mess. Honesty and love would get them out. Frivolous as it may seem to the sceptic.
San Francisco was an amazing city, light and life. Life had always interested him, fascinated him. People and stories - joy and happiness. And San Francisco was so beautiful,
me.” Steve shifts, looking down at Tony in surprise, “always.” he said, like it was ridiculous that it was even in question.
Steve shrugged, not bothered about the place enough to correct him, and not invested enough in the conversation to try.
First Thor had taken him, strong and forceful: up against the glass with the whales swimming behind them. Now, Steve would stake his claim. A stupid game of Russian Roulette where Tony was always the gun.
. Tony nuzzles into him, had it been anyone else, Steve might have thought it awkward; but any hints of shyness or discomfort he might have felt had been long since burnt out the first time they had seen each other naked.
Steve remained terribly terrifyingly still. Tony groaned, a quiet noise from the back of his throat, scrambling with one hand for Steve and with the other for his phone. He grabbed Steve’s lolling head desperately, pulling Steve to himself, turning the torch function on and then slapping his face, sharply, all the while begging him to wake up. Steve remained still.
Tony made more and more excuses to himself for the things he wa doing, as he threw himself into building the Dyson Sphere. The semantics for his more powerful weapons swirling temptingly just at the edge of his vision. The urge to build them, to use them, almost as alluring as just giving in and taking a drink, the closer they got to another event. To Steve remembering.
Tony nods, "I'll always come for you" he says, as though it was obvious, wringing his hands a little nervously.
“We finally cornered you both by the Afghanistan border. It was almost too late.” She looks at him and responds to the unasked question. “We don’t know where he is. He wasn’t there when we arrived.”
Steve mouths at his skin, tongue laving in proprietary curls beneath his ear. “Did you start without me, Dearest?” he asked, his arm sliding down to thumb at his nipple, almost absentmindedly.
They’d projected, however pointlessly, (as all of their friends had already known, Steve also suspected that there had been some money being exchanged, Tony definitely knew more about it than he admitted) the persona of ‘Best Bros’ for so long, that spanking Tony with a paddle felt borderline indecent. Steve held the paddle limply in his hand and Tony lay awkwardly on the bed, covering his non-existent modesty up with blankets.
Steve held up one of Tony’s fluffy iron man slippers apologetically; it was burnt completely and hung sadly from Steve’s hands.  He must’ve made a distressed sound, as Steve’s face fell as though this was all somehow his fault.
Tony gasps, body curling into himself as Steve kissed his hole.” Thor laid a heavy hand on Tony’s stomach, “Do not look for Revelation elsewhere my friends,” he assured, “I am
He sags in defeat, casting a look at his bed companion. A dark haired, grey eyed man - boy really, he'd met in a bar the previous night. Mercifully, he remains asleep. He looks back at the takeout soiled floor, the carpet a lurid red color from the food.
He opened the door and was promptly attacked by a draft of cold wind. He shut the door behind him; he knew how much Steve hated the cold. He sat on the icy staircase, still not sure as to why he had thought this was a good idea, and rubbed his feet against the ice crusted stair. He pulled at a long string from his shirt and looked up carelessly, in the distance he saw long, curly blond hair caught and gripped tight in a thorny bush.
Tony’s victorious look reminds Steve of the first time he had walked into his cell. Steve almost misses that Tony.
The fifth time Tony goes to visit Steve, he’s no longer the Director of Shield. Osborne had taken that from him too. Tony cannot remember much. Only that he wanted to write to Cap. But on a whim, decided to visit him instead. Its not like he could leave without saying goodbye.
“You didn’t always.” as soon as the words crawl their cheap snivelling way out of his throat, he wishes he could take them back. It’s a bitter, petty thing. They’d both suffered way too much to return to this kind of talk. But cruelty was the only language they spoke - and health was something easily disregarded. In a balance of scales, Steve has no ground.
“We fought,” he began, “We hurt each other. I lied, and maybe he did a bit too” Steve grit his teeth, before sighing in resignation. We hid things from each other. "Waited too long to tell certain truths, and now it is too late"
Tony’s lips curved into a smile as she lowered herself onto his lap. She leaned down and kissed him sweetly, gently running her tongue over his lips. Tony opened his mouth all too readily for her, burying himself in her warmth. Tony's mind was hazy, filled with Rumiko's perfume, the feel of her hands in his hair.
Tony wakes up to Steve. His eyes are red-rimmed and swollen. He’s thin and weak and so pale he’s almost translucent. He’s still the most beautiful thing Tony has ever seen.
Stark faced the barren grounds outside as he continued, “We made up, though. Believe it or not, we did. Never talked about it, weren’t as close as before, but we still managed to patch things up. To share living space again...”
His hand slides down from Tony's stomach, to loosely curl around his cock. A petty graze of his fingers.
Steve curls into Tony in the bed, gently tracing his fingers. He takes Tony’s hand in his own and kisses his knuckles.
The armor around him seemed to stare at him accusingly, blaming him for what they’d been used for. He'd planned to be a hero when he’d put it on on all those years ago, idealistic and dreaming about saving the world. Now he'd crossed the realm of run-of-the-mill villains, and entered the prestigious territory of genocidal maniacs. He rubbed his hands together, the chill from the metal tables seeping into his skin. He had always kept his lab a few degrees short of comfortable - he’d never felt cold or disjointed though, not in this place - more home than the spacious towers and vast mansions.
‘Ahh-hh” Tony moans, even to the unaware, he’d sound broken and wrecked. Steve lets one of his hands slide away from where they’re buried inside Tony, to instead grab the hand lax at his side.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“I do not seem to get anything,” Thor calls out from where he is laying, naked and flopped over like an exhausted jellyfish, there is still something imperial about him, something royal.
talk to Tony. He knows that. Tony would be sympathetic, kind even, and he'd steady Steve's hands for a little while, just by holding them really tight.
It was the smell. Rotten, like old blood in a surgical suite not cleaned up. Just overlapped with bleach, maybe paint; if the smell sunk in too deep. The stench of rats and their wet fur, gnawing over the soft insides of Steve’s bare feet. Climbing over his body and sloping over his skin as Steve attempted to sleep.
?” Tony wonders so quietly - a muffled mumble swept away in the silence of the room. Steve wonders if he even realized he’d said it out loud.
When Tony had put the plug on Steve and then had to run off to an emergency meeting, Steve had still had faith. Resilient went into a crisis at least once a week, and Tony was an expert at heckling his board, He’d handle it and be home before dinner. When Tony sent three apologetic delay messages, Steve begun losing faith, just a bit.
Tony had no right to complain, he wasn't the one a few memories short of the biggest metaphorical knife to the back. Steve was probably tossing in his bed, 'Nightmares,' he'd say, if Tony asked. Tony would nod, let his eyes soften, and pretend that he was worried about Steve's nightmares more than he was worried about Steve remembering.
“We tried not to make it personal of course” Stark looked at Steve. Elbows on the table - hands rubbing each other nervously. “But that never works out for us does it? You and I; It always becomes personal”
Tony smiles grimly. “How many times have you said that before?” he wonders out loud. It’s not designed to injure, but curiosity had its price, and so did love. Tony is accustomed to paying for both. Thor smiles, pardoning the transgression, something irrevocably sad in his eyes, “I am a God, My Friend.” he says, “Let me have my mysteries.”
He looked down, his fringe covering his eyes. He probably didn’t like Steve staring at him like he was some kind of botched up experiment. But Steve had no idea what to do! He couldn't help but feel awkward. What exactly do you say to the alternate universe counterpart of someone you had beat up and left for dead? Steve couldn’t even talk to his Tony, let alone someone from another universe with his own special kind of terrible baggage.
“They don’t trust me,” he mumbles into Tony’s hair, like he’s still a soldier and faith is something he can ask for. Tony moves, bruised arms brushing over Steve’s own aching ones. He doesn’t look up.
It does something to his chest, sharp nagging pains, like broken faith and a lost optimism filled with things like hope, and
Steve was immediately reminded of himself after he had first woken in this century, he’d been defensive and short too. Terrified of everything strange. Stark though, he seemed completely proficient in pretending that everything was alright, when everything around him was clearly on fire. Steve suddenly felt his heart go out to the man. Surely, he could say something? Stark had been cordial so far. Steve, at the very least, owed him the same.
The idea of the Multi-Verse existing, where he'd become Captain America, went into the ice and woke up and became an Avenger, again, was a stretch. Even by his imagination.
Then of course, they had had that Avengers priority call. Getting into Captain America’s suit and more importantly his mindset as THE Sentinel of Liberty was pretty hard with a plastic dick shoved up his ass.
Even worse, Tony hadn’t shown up, had abandoned Steve all alone to deal with the bloody idiots in the bee suits. Toward the end, he had yelled so much that bee keepers had cried themselves into submission at Steve’s feet.
This is a level of vulnerability Tony wouldn’t trust, not even with himself, let alone other people.
He shakes his head. He had the Hydra Supreme's memories. Kobik hadn't defaulted in the details of his
Steve never approved of to win, and Steve would struggle to keep his thoughts and priorities in order.
Thor’s already granting them their apology before they can make it. Forgiveness comes so easy to him. What a relief it must be to be a God.
his heart rate slowing, coming back down to normal. Its more comforting than he would like to admit.
He took a moment to observe him. Stark did look a little worse for wear. He was pale and thin, his wrists bony - hands shaking ever so slightly. Was he afraid of Steve? Or was it some kind of injury he had sustained? Stark promptly put his hands in his pockets, and met his eyes, cornered - challenging.
as he did. “Never,” he whispers against Tony’s hair. “They still don’t trust you.” he knows how unnecessary this is, the casual savagery of it all.
Rumiko and Ty showed up at the door, no longer running. They walked towards him with the assurance of a predator that knew it had won, had already conquered its prey. Rumiko sat at his back, petting his hair in mock gentleness, while Ty moved to his front; he always had to call the shots, Tony thought bitterly. And everyone else had better play by
, the pleasure is almost distant, he's enjoying the warmth more, the goosebumps that trail in the wake of his fingers. He throws his head back: rolls a nipple, tugging at it gently between his thumb and forefinger, lets the other hand slide suggestively into the water.
Rick Jones falling, Natasha dying, Tony - blood splattered, and broken in Spiderman's arms. Steve had done that.
He walks into the room, and methodically places his wallet, keys and dog tags on the table before taking to the shower.
Steve returns his gaze to the fascinating image the two of them make on the screen. Steve makes his own kind of imposing figure, dressed in green, with the hydra insignia printed proudly on his helmet. It felt good, it felt
He looks up at one of Tony's shiny screens, in which they're both reflected in blurry clarity. Tony's writhing looks almost pornographic (or better in Steve's private opinion. He looks like such a
She's warm, and she's soft and she wants to use Steve for some pleasure, she has no more care for him than he does for her. That would make him feel less guilty, if he'd felt guilty at all in the first place. Maybe the whole clinical lack of emotion and investment, care-only-going-so-far-as-to-achieve-goals thing would hurt, but the feeling of people using him is nothing new at this point. He's used to it. She gasps and twists and
"Jesus Tony, and you're telling me that now?" Steve tenses slightly. "We haven't even started dating." Instinctively, he pulls his hand away.
"What do you want me to do, Tony?!" Steve doesn't let it go that easily. "Do you want me to still be with you after everything that happened? Do you want me to lie to you and myself and everyone else around? Do you want to punish me for the way I feel?"
Bucky leans in close, whispering into Steve's ear. "Even if that means you'll have to watch him being miserable again?"
Steve moans, blushing even more at the arousal he can feel pulsing through his body from what they're doing. "F-feels good."
Suddenly he's a deer in the headlights, staring wide-eyed and swallowing thickly. "You... you... love me?"
He braces himself for more and continues. "Mmm, yeah, actually I’ve just realized, I’m gonna go with 'gifted gorilla'. The tie breaker was that gorillas have one of the smallest dicks relative to body size in the entire animal kingdom."
"I'd be gentle, actually. Take you out of your head with pleasure you've never felt before. Absolute overload. Some pain, too, of course. Your nipples, your cock and balls... but not as the main focus. The main focus would be breaking you down with need and desperation so much you beg me to fist you with my metal arm. I've seen the way you look at it."
Snickering softly, Steve gets the door and takes the delivery with all his charm and manners, thanking the guy over and over before he returns, excited like a little kid once more. "They smell soooo good, can you smell that?"
Grinning, Bucky flashes his dark eyes back at the captain and then at Tony. "Oh, so you're a little painslut, huh?"
Tony exhales slowly, guilt creeping in and wrapping around his heart. What was he doing, touching someone else like that? Talking to him like that? He always has the same first instinct in situations like these. Run, avoid, shut down. "I- I'm sorry. That was really fucking stupid, I'm sorry, I should go," and he pushes off the counter.
Tony gasps and actually blushes, an entirely unheard of sight. But then, so is this entire situation. He urges himself to stay strong and he pushes harder. "Uh-oh. The way I look at your arm? I think you're having some delusions there, buddy. Unsurprising, with all the shit you head's been filled with - you know, like the feigned attraction Steve gives you because he's sweet like that? The way he pretends you're anything other than a charity case."
"Break his-" He's incredulous. "You two have a lot of shit to sort out if that's what you think is happening here. Not that it's any of your business anyway. This is between me and him, and you've got no place chiming in here. Now get out of my way."
It's kind of breathtaking, the way Bucky spells it out, the images it conjures of how Steve is with him when they're alone, the perspective he puts it all in. A lot of his anger is fading out. It takes a second before he registers that Bucky said
"No, we didn't have... the time, I guess. I've always been in love with Steve but he didn't even see it while he was still... normal. And once he was the Cap, there was no privacy anymore."
"So you're a very sexual person, huh?" Steve actually manages not to blush at the word 'sexual' even though it feels weird in his mouth.
Which, of course, is what Steve sees and hears as he steps back into the apartment. He lets out a shocked gasp and blushes fiercely but he definitely doesn't feel betrayed.
"I guess I didn't expect everything between us to just... vanish. Because we're not lovers anymore we also can't be friends?" Steve's helpless puppy dog eyes search Tony's face.
"Well..." he draws out the word, "When you put it that way, it does sound a little harsh. And I wasn't so much implying as... doing some information gathering." Tony shrugs, brushing it off.
"And how are you planning on doing that? Stop loving him just like that?" He snaps with his fingers right in front of his face.
"And when you haven't 'just found him again'? When he's been around for months? When he accidentally sees us kissing for the first time and realizes he's jealous? How's that gonna go, Steve? Because I was fine with you settling for me, but if we're just doing this until he decides he wants you, I'd like to know. I'd like to be ready for it." It’s so genuine, it would scare him if he were really paying attention to his own feelings right now. He’s good to just enjoy things while they last, he’s good with getting second place, just so long as he knows that’s where he stands.
"What are you looking for?" Steve runs a hand through his hair and takes another few deep breaths, willing his erection down.
"You're jealous so you make yourself feel better by talking about how you don't give a shit that you murdered my parents?!"
His brain seems to short circuit a little as he first latches onto Steve, but then Bucky joins so he latches onto Bucky, but then notices Steve again. When he has that helpless, confused look on his face, Steve pushes up tight behind him and holds him, making it so Tony doesn't have to make a choice. They’ve both got him.
"Deal." Beaming, Steve leans in for another deep kiss, just enjoying to feel his connection to Tony again.
"It's okay." He still looks away. "I get it. But what you're doing is not a long term solution. Either you
"Only if you promise to quit being such a boy scout about it." The corner of his lips are tugging into a bit of an amused smirk.
Another slap but Bucky is reaching his limit. "Shut up. Just shut the fuck up, Tony. Don't make me."
Okay, so maybe he smirks slightly at that. So what if it feels really damn good to hear Tony call them a "set" and a "pair"? It's not like he's wrong. Bucky gets out milk and sugar and uses the perfect amount because he always observes, listens, and remembers these days.
"Well, you kind of are. But you also could've never seen this coming, and people break up all the time, and even though this is happening I still..." he struggles to speak for a moment, throat going tight, vision blurring under tears that don't spill. "I'm still grateful we had what we had, even though it hurts like fuck right now."
Biting his lip, Steve ducks his head once again. "I'm not going to lie and say I wouldn't love to be like that with Buck, too. But you don't have to play along with me or him or whatever just to make me happy, you know that, right?"
That produces another growl and suddenly, Bucky is in Tony's face, slamming him against the wall and giving him a punch to the gut. Careful not to damage anything, careful to only use part of his strength. "He loves you, you fucking asshole! Why can't you cherish that?!"
Steve bites his lip, cheeks still glowing. "D-don't you want him to take you apart?" he finds himself asking. Teasing, really, even if he does it in the most innocent way possible.
"What's there to say? You wanna act like you're cheating on him with me, fine. Just don't expect me to go along with it every fucking time. Gimme a break, Steve."
"I'm excited to try it." He enjoys the easy physical contact between them and pulls his hand away only to place it on Tony's thigh instead. "When was the last time you went on a date?"
"Have you seen you?" Bucky scoffs. "The way he looks at you and the way you look at him? And just because I would love to kiss Steve like that or fuck him through the wall while you watch doesn't mean I can or
"To Kill A Mockingbird. That's a good one," she comments, feeling obligated to two seconds of small talk before she jumps in. "So, um,
Tony nods, a little relieved. "Have you two seriously never fucked? Or even done a little experimenting?"
"Tony! That would be an enormous waste of money." He can't help but blush a little and busies himself with unpacking his sweet treats.
"I told Steve how it started. How listening to you talk about the unconventional stuff you like is what got my motor running so hard. Have you ever talked about that kind of thing with him? Kink?"
That smile fills Steve's heart with joy and he wraps his arms around Bucky. Still hard to hear him talk about himself like that. "Do you really think that? That I could be ruined?"
But a few minutes in, he hasn't done a single thing. He can't focus. With a really irritated, begrudging sigh, he heads back out to find Steve.
He damn-near screams as teeth sink into his neck and he's completely lost, unthinking, giving in entirely and barely standing under his own strength. With the attention to his nipples, it's overwhelming, and he drops deep into subspace only moments before he cries out and tenses and spills all over his work table, entirely untouched.
"Oh good lord," Tony says with a sigh and a roll of his eyes, although not-so-deep-down he's definitely liking the view. "Get up. You're embarrassing both of us."
"Bonding?" Bucky can't help but chuckle. "So you really want me to be there, huh?" Suddenly, he's back in Tony's face again, hip to hip, his hands on Tony's waist, lips next to his ear. "Tell me one thing. One thing that's so far outside the realm of normal you're not sure anyone else could recognise it as being into me."
"Don't let him hear that." He chuckles softly and shrugs, still leaning against Steve. "I want more, is what I feel. More time with you, more intimacy..."
"That's two people together, one person watching," Bucky retorts. "I can barely hold back with you, how the fuck am I supposed to get my priorities straight?"
there. I've got Clint, but he’s got his family and I still want... the other pieces. If Bucky doesn't want to give you the things Tony does, then you can have both.  And if that's something you want, you gotta let Tony decide what's fair to him, that part of it isn't really your call."
Steve feels like someone set his skin on fire. In a good way. And it shows in the roughness of his voice. "Yeah, it's fine. And dancing sounds nice. Some day." The idea of swing brings back memories of Bucky once more.
Well, he definitely likes hearing that he comes off as controlled, dignified, and sane most of the time, but that's only half of why he's arching an eyebrow and smirking like a bastard. "Barnes... are you saying that you're
Nat sighs deeply and nods. "If it were me, I'd sleep with him one last time. But for you? I'm kinda at a loss."
Face closing off, Bucky tries to keep himself busy with getting orange juice out of the fridge. "I'm broken. Always have been."
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Tony growls, pinned but well aware he could turn the tides with the rest of his hidden armory if it really came down to it. "You want me pissed enough to wanna blast that pretty new arm off
If he had been flustered before, now Steve is bright red. He gasps and takes a sharp breath that gets paired with a helpless whimper. "T-Tony..."
That makes him grin, and he goes for it again, more firmly this time. "That's not a complaint, is it?"
"Who says I'll stop when you think you can't take it anymore?" Bucky grins and kisses along Tony's jaw. "I'll turn you into my personal faggot fuck doll, Stark. No more suit, no more money, no more responsibility apart from pleasing me and Steve with your body."
. He'd given up all hope, or at least all conscious thought, of feeling this ever again. And as much as he still wants to be pissed, to hate Steve for really no other reason than what
He wraps his arms around Bucky tight enough to be a present weight but not to be restrictive. He keeps his voice tempered and even. "I was talking about
Of course, Tony's mind flickers to that being Steve's reaction to first getting his cock in his mouth, but he moves past it quick enough. "Sounds like we're not gonna need to take that trip to France," he's just about grinning.
"Change," Bucky says calmly. "Everything's fucking changing. I'm not actually sure I'm still the same obnoxious asshole I used to be and I really don't want to deal with your better man bullshit, okay?" He lets go of Tony's hands but stays just as close. "I love Steve, I love how happy he is with you and unless you're going to fuck this up I won't come between you guys, okay? Fucking relax. You don't have to lick my ass to make him happy, I definitely feel much better like this. I'm already jealous so don't make this so damn bad by acting all nice and shit."
He just scoffs and nods. "It's my pleasure." Steve turns around and leaves, slamming the door behind himself.
He takes a deep breath, another moment to consider, and then he nods slowly. "If you're sure, I mean completely, absolutely sure... then I'll talk to him about it."
"Yeah. I guess I just had a bit of a relapse. I'll get back on top of it. You know, it's really too bad none of the Avengers are also a licensed psychologist."
"Steve doesn't treat me any differently. It's not a problem." He could just flat out lie but that would be too easy.
"I love you and while being with me makes you happy, being with both of us would be even better. So I wanna give you that." He ducks his head. "As long as I know you're mine, I can handle anything."
"Just that. You're an impulsive asshole, borderline alcoholic, you're just as messed up as the rest of us," Bucky tries to explain without putting any weight into it. "But you usually have that shred of control, of dignity, of sanity left. Until you don't. Being responsible for that, pushing you to that breaking point, preferably without hurting the people you love, is... I..." He growls and shakes his head. "Forget it."
"No, no, I'm just saying... If things didn't happen the way they did... I want you to know that even though you left a lot behind, you've got a lot right here, too. And I'm grateful to be having dinner with you like this. Call me shallow, but I don't think I'd have asked you out if you looked your age," he smiles.
He gets on one of the bar stools, one leg tucked up under him and his arms folded on the counter. "Uh-huh... So is Tony broken too, then?"
Bucky still has Tony pinned and gets his cock out as well now, starting to stroke it together with his own. At that sight, Steve lets out a little whimper.
Tony smiles in kind. "Yeah... yeah, I suppose you would." A small pause. "I'm really glad we can be here together, tonight. I'm grateful I had the chance to meet you like this."
"Oh, yeah he did. I can only guess it's because he's got some dark, twisted thing for broken toy soldiers."
"Mmhm," she doesn't sound the least bit surprised. "He doesn't deal with feelings, if you haven't caught onto that yet."
Steve blushes. "Hey, you already gave me a handjob, that's more than I ever thought I'd get from anyone."
"Yeah, I know, I heard. Like, literally, I heard you two fighting. But here's the thing. He's drunk, he tried to sleep with me, and then started crying, so I put him to bed and he's getting the first sleep I think he's had in two days. So, whatever you two need to work out and however I can help with that, I'm all yours, but
His voice goes quiet and he looks down at the table. "You... you didn't. I appreciate that you came, especially after the other day. I don't remember last night very well but I'm pretty sure I fucked up with Nat pretty bad."
Bucky is... well, it's not like he'd ever openly admit to being jealous as fuck. It's not his place, his time. Whatever they have is more than enough and he knows really damn well that Steve would pick him over Tony. He's done so before. They'll always be a close as can be, brothers, if not more. But that doesn't mean he doesn't crave what Tony has. At least in some sort of way. The physical touches alone aren't unusual between him and Cap, but the kissing? Yeah, even the male affection culture of the 1940s doesn't do that without romance. Especially not kisses like the ones he just saw.
Tony doesn't flinch. Part of him might've been wanting it, and his tone turns condescending. "Oh, hit a little too close to home there did I, big guy? If you're gonna be fucking a mass murderer, you might wanna grow a thicker skin when people call him out on it."
Tony smiles politely but dismisses Turner, the consulting astrophysicist, the second Steve is finished declining his flirtatious invitation to dinner. Once the door is solidly shut and they're alone again, Tony comes down from the small loft-like riser his projecting and imaging computers are on, joining Steve on the ground level. He starts fiddling with some other piece of equipment, doing something well beyond Steve's capacity to care what, and casually changes the subject from what they'd been talking about before.
She shakes her head and smiles softly. "You gotta sort your shit out with your boys, Cap. Start with Bucky, make sure you two are even kinda on the same page there, 'cause if it's unrequited you're gonna have to move on at some point and it seems like your still-pining ex is perfect for that. Then go to Tony, make sure he understands that he wasn't a toy and you really care about him, and if things aren't gonna work with Bucky and you wanna re-light that candle, go for it." A pause, "But that's just what I would do."
"Thank you, Tony." There's a deep pain of loss in Steve's eyes as Bucky's face flashes through his memory. But Tony's right, he has to live in the present. "So, dessert?"
Buck shrugs. "He's been through a lot of shit and he has a lot of guilt bottled up inside of him. That sounds like me but it's very different."
"Hey." Tony turns to face him right away, and it's the calmest he's sounded towards Steve since before this whole mess started. "What's up?"
Slowly, Steve grows bolder and gets into it more. He backs Tony against the wall and, for the first time, kisses like he's always been wanting to kiss. He's in charge and he almost feels like he starts to know what he's doing.
That level-headedness is swiftly wearing out. "Huh. Weird. Y'know, it really makes you think... being with Steve... he rubs off on you, right? I mean, fuck, he's got me trying to make peace and have brunch with the guy who murdered my mom! But even after all this time with him, you're still this much of an asshole. I can't even imagine what a nightmare you are by default." Tony pauses half a second and tacks on, "Unless you're just gonna blame
"I know that," Steve says with a scolding frown. "But I would like to kiss first before moving to grinding and licking and biting other parts of my body than my mouth. I wanna be able to kiss the way I want to kiss before I move on to the next... level?"
"And what if he comes to you, wanting that? I'm not gonna end this no matter what you say, I just..."
His arms are folded and resting on the counter top as Bucky pats his shoulder and pushes him over the edge of reasonable. Tony uses his finger to tap a button on the inside of his wrist, which makes a micro-blaster fold out into the palm of his hand with a speed and lack of sound that makes it almost imperceptible. A tech idea stolen from a certain web-slinger he knows and modified for his own purposes. He twists just enough to project a sizable pulse of energy into Bucky's abdomen from the concealed weapon, and uses the incredibly brief opening to get to his feet and face the bigger man.
Bucky is definitely surprised but then he notices Steve's reflection in the metal wall paneling Tony is standing against. "I'm not small at all, Stark. I mean, you've seen Steve, right? I'm even bigger."
He had been willing to just let it go and leave but even Captain America has a limit. Steve lets out a growl and suddenly he's right in front of Tony, glaring into his eyes. "Watch your mouth,
Tony glances over for half a second, and it is a good question."I guess because you're worth it? I've never dated a guy I turned out liking enough to out myself for."
"I love you, too. Now can we go to our room, now? I wanna do things that aren't appropriate for right here no matter who's around."
He truly moans this time, whimpering in the aftermath and finally, fucking finally, giving in. "More," he whispers. "Hurt me more."
"I think when it comes to pulling your head out of your ass, you couldn't have asked a better guy," Bucky teases with a snort and gets up.
Finally, Bucky turns his head, smiling crookedly. "I know you're mine. You always will be." There's still anger in his veins though and he grabs Steve's collar, pushing him against the next wall and kissing him hard. Messy. Biting his lips. "I'm not afraid of what you feel for that asshole. It just pisses me off that he still has all this power over you without making you happy, in return."
He laughs and grins and shrugs. "It's not me! I swear, we're programmed for it these days or something. I can guarantee that's exactly what Nat would think of, too."
Steve blushes fiercely but shakes his head. "I... I didn't know how to ask but I've been fantasising about you and him together quite a bit."
"Like I said, I'm pretty sure you're rubbing off on him. He never would've said something like that to me before." He scoffs. "You've known it this whole time, time to face facts, Bucky. You're bad for him, too broken, too twisted up. You'll never get up to his level again so you're just dragging him down to yours."
"It was right after he got pissed at me for pointing out that you murdered my parents, and right before he walked out on me. So, you know, good time all around."
Rolling his eyes, Steve shakes his head. "I'm not in a relationship with anyone. Sexual or otherwise. And I was referring to your general information gathering. It's disturbing but apparently something everyone in this century seems to have accepted as natural."
The feel of Bucky's mouth is surprisingly electric, sends want pulsing down his body, and he exhales shakily. Tentatively, Tony reaches out to curl fingers in the larger man's shirt, clutching the fabric over his stomach, and he tilts his head just slightly, making room for more. "Well, then what if I wanna see you get used like that just for my own sake?"
"I'm not comfortable with this," Steve states quietly. "I wanna remember this as a nice date and not as the day when I was an accessory to you outing yourself. Please drive back."
Christ, even Steve wants to see it, and that's really what gets him to stuff down his pride enough to go through with it. It sounds forced and it definitely is. Even though the sentiment behind it is true, this really isn't his thing. But there's nothing he wouldn't do to make Steve feel good.
The hesitation and doubt is clear in Steve's face and it pains him for Tony to see it but he's too honest to lie. Still, after a moment he nods. "We can go and have dinner together, sure. And I mean, we're already more than friends, aren't we?" He smiles his beaming, bright smile. "We're brothers in arms."
Steve is caught a little off guard by that and he can't deny the pleasure spark that runs through his body at that touch. It's been a long time since he's been this close to anyone. Shyly, he pushes back, moving his foot in the same way as Tony, even if he's less subtle and graceful about it.
dumb. Those beautiful blue eyes, a hand on his jaw or the side of his neck, that voice which is somehow simultaneously the sexiest and most comforting voice I've ever heard. You tell someone how you feel with all of that and there's no way he wouldn't return your feelings."
The way Tony opens up to him only causes Steve to pour himself into the kiss even more. He moans softly and tightens his grip, taking every last inch of Tony's lips and mouth that's offered.
never could, Stark. Because when you take off that suit, all that's left is really fucking pathetic."
"We're..." He laughs and shakes his head. "Yeah, yeah, I guess we are." A pause. "But you do know what I'm getting at, right? And you know it won't make things weird if you say no?"
"Hey, I'm just having a conversation with my friend, trying to learn more about him. You're welcome to engage with me, ask me whatever you want to know. If you don't wanna talk about it, you can just say so." And sure, that's probably such a small piece of what Steve is talking about, but maybe it'll be deflection enough.
"You're not sure you're..." he trails off, taking a second for that to soak in. "You don't know if you like guys, but you like me enough that you wanted to go out with me anyway?"
like choosing Bucky over him, he can't help but give in entirely. Tony wraps his arms around Steve's neck and his hands curl tightly in the taller man's shirt as they kiss.
The heartbreak, the want, the need for love and affection is threatening to tear him apart, but he's a master of convincing himself that he's impervious to anything he simply doesn't think about. It's been a week and Tony's barely slept 24 hours. He's pouring himself into some project that doesn't need doing, upgrading some room no one even intends to use, and most importantly, making sure he's out of the way enough that no one drops by on him.
"He's pretty excited." Tony steps closer as he speaks. "About what he walked in on. About what I want. I mean I didn't go into details, I guess I don't have details to go into, but... that I want to see how it goes, all three of us touching each other like that."
"New, really? You not having to think and worry anymore? Drowning in bliss?"' He cups Tony's face with one hand. "Oh the things I could show you, Stark." First stop: kissing.
"Forget it, I'm not going to give you something else to feed your delusion that you're better than me. I'm sure you already get enough of that from Steve when he's on his knees."
Bucky didn't exactly expect that much impact but he knows he's been working up to this. So when he tumbles back with a growl, he's already ready to retaliate. Well, in a way. He just uses his superhuman and now also further improved reflexes to grab both of Tony's wrists, making them face out and away from him as he pins the smaller man against the kitchen island with his hips. "That's the kind of shit I missed, that's the man I was looking forward to seeing today."
"Sounds like you missed me almost as much as I missed you," he says with a grin, and then slowly he starts trailing kisses downward again. He withdraws his hand and takes Steve's waistband in both hands to tug down his jeans and boxers as he moves south.
"You wanna be my first, Buck?" His voice is quiet, and whether it's a question or an offer is ambiguous.
Once they're inside he closes the door and gestures for Steve to get in bed first. His expression is cocky and there's definitely a plan brewing behind his eyes.
Bucky rolls his eyes. "Yeah well, ever thought about the part he doesn't tell you? About that tiny detail of how you and I are not the same person and that he loves us for different reasons and needs different things from us?"
"I don't think anyone- ... I don't think most people choose dates purely based on gender, but I get what you're saying. I guess somehow I've just always known. Never acted on it 'til uh," he taps his implant, "but it was definitely always there. And once I finally did act on it, I realized what an idiot I was for not doing it sooner."
"I'm not ready to push Bucky into a relationship, just because Tony is waiting," Steve mutters stubbornly. But he knows Natasha is right to a certain extent.
"Yes! Yes of course I will!" He takes Tony's face in his and kisses him deeply, pouring all that gratitude and relief he feels into the kiss. Well, and maybe, just maybe, he kisses with the deep, sensual intensity Bucky taught him.
Steve sucks on his lip a second as he chooses his words. "Brutal. Not in that context, I mean. With the way Tony was reacting, I'm glad you were, but it was just... really different."
"That's a pretty good start," Steve says with a smile and bites into his first macaron. The taste explodes on his tongue and he moans, eyes fluttering shut.
He nods slowly. "I'm afraid of there being a limit to how much I can be okay with, in terms of you and Steve. That maybe having
Once the roses are taken care of, Steve looks around a little helplessly. "Uhm, can I offer you something to drink? Water? Coffee?"
Yeah, there's really no arguing with that. Especially because Steve still feels like he should do more and try harder to redeem himself. So he gets up and follows Tony, taking off his own tee as well.
"If she wanted me back, I... I would... I mean, first I would make sure she wasn't body snatched or something, 'cause that bridge is
Steve steps closer, very close, almost touching and grins more. "I'm okay with that." And yes, he definitely enjoys their height difference.
"Buck," he gasps. "You're making it really hard to focus. I, um," he clears his throat. "I'll stop letting him have power over me."
"Another widespread cultural effect of Stark Industries, no doubt," he comments, subtly both disappointed and relieved by Cap's answer. He turns back to his work. "So, you're fine with all of it? The parades, marriage, gays in the military, public displays of affection, same sex parents and adoption, all that?"
Tony just nods and sits with that a minute. "Well, if... I don't know, if you ever change your mind, I'm... I'll be around. Probably."
"I thought you didn't... we wouldn't..." Steve stammers, his hands gripping the kitchen counter hard. "Friends," he rasps out.
"Did you have fun? I mean, it sure as hell looked and sounded like it but..." Bucky closes his eyes.
," he groans low, deep in his throat as his cock is shoved up against Bucky's, and his body keeps betraying him by rocking into the stroke. His eyes stay fixed on Steve's, watching closely for any sign that he's anything less that entirely okay with this.
Tony stands and glances back with a smirk and a shrug before heading towards his bedroom, shedding his shirt as he goes.
Bucky licks along Tony's neck once more before he bites down, digging in his teeth just hard enough to leave a mark for a few minutes.
Steve laughs. "I see. Not as badass as everyone thinks you are, huh?" He starts the pot of coffee brewing and then gets out everything else he needs.
"Fuck," Bucky curses, breathless at how incredibly tight Tony feels around his cock. Everyone does, really, but with his old frenemy it's a very special feeling. He takes a few seconds to adjust but then he grips Tony's hips bruisingly tight. "I should make you beg for it."
Tony rolls his eyes again. "Tomorrow night, I'm taking you to a meat eater's wet dream. Let's say 7, I'll drop by your apartment and pick you up."
Steve looks down at the hard-on tenting Tony's pants and he grins. "I'll go. You set up the cups and the sugar for the espresso."
"Explore?" He has to admit those words make him blush a little. But Steve nods. "Okay. Can I keep touching you?"
"You don't think you and Steve would both be hands on in that first scenario?" His voice lowers, and he gets right up to Bucky. "Telling him how to kiss me, or how tight to hold me down, while you're pushing inside of me? Or putting him on his knees to swallow you down and get you as hard as your arm while you're working on getting me to take a third finger? Come on, Buck, you seem like an imaginative guy."
Helplessly, Steve clenches and unclenches his fists. "I love Bucky. And Tony is incredibly important to me, too, but he's not..."
Her voice quiets with understanding. "So even if Tony hadn't broken it off by not talking to you for a week, that's where it was headed anyway?"
, so he tries to think of something else, but now that's all he can think of so after a moment he just comes out with it. "I wanna immobilize you with Vibranium. Ankles, wrists, mouth. And I want to let every still-living innocent person that you've hurt do anything and everything they want to you while you're bound and helpless and have no choice but to just take it. I wanna watch you go from hating it to giving in and letting it cleanse you of all the guilt you must be harboring deep down. And when everyone else is finished, that's when I get my turn."
Even Tony's not sure what he's doing at this point, why he's pushing Bucky this hard. His problem isn’t even with Bucky. But he can't seem to stop himself. "He's not perfect, you do know that, right? I'm sure it's never been directed at you, Golden Boy, but since you came back?" He scoffs. "Well, I think you might be rubbing off on him, I think that says enough."
Tony smiles crookedly, a little embarrassed. "Yeah, my physical interest. Like, how much I wanna be close, and touch you, and kiss... various parts." He clears his throat and is suddenly taking great interest in a little spot on the kitchen counter, apparently, because he certainly isn't looking at Steve anymore.
The more Tony gives up, the more Steve takes. With his arms left and right from Tony's head he's leaning against the wall and just keeps kissing. Almost greedy really because it's been such an incredibly long time and every cell of him wants to make up for it.
man you love," Bucky chuffs out dryly. "Fair enough. I still don't understand what I'm supposed to say or do here."
"I guess that depends, is he gonna kill me?" And half a second later, "That wasn't a jab, even though I now hear that's exactly what it sounds like."
Steve is pretty sure he's going to come in his pants like some teenager if he touches himself which is really the only reason why he doesn't. Instead, he forces his hands off of his own body and, after a moment of hesitation, takes over on the task of holding Tony down.
The close quarters haven't bothered most of the team, but Tony and Steve have barely spoken since the 2-on-1 standoff in Siberia. The change was a shock to his system, so used to having Steve at his side all the time, used to goodnight kisses and good morning text messages. But with Bucky back... Well, Tony had gotten the impression long ago that he was the 'soulmate' Steve always mentioned having missed his chance with. He didn't bother with a conversation to end things between them, it was given. Tony was someone Steve could make due with, but Bucky was the real deal.
"I know. It's weird. Well... maybe not when you put it in the context of magic powers and aliens invading from outer space... but still, it's weird to be in love with more than one person, I know it's just not something that happens, but..." Steve trails off and shrugs.
"What? No." And he moves past her. Three minutes later, digging in the fridge to figure out what lunch will be, in comes Barton.
He can feel the way Steve is reacting to his touch and it makes him want to see how far he's allowed to go. His hands move up to take Steve by the waist and he leans in to ghost a kiss over his neck.
He shrugs. "I'm not sure how answer that exactly. I always top. It's not usually all that rough unless he's really asking for it, literally.  It's never been as rough as last night."
and one thing led to another. Purely physical," he insists again. Because the more you deny something, the more believable it is, right?
Tony coughs and tries to breathe, the wind knocked out of him, but he's nowhere near ready to surrender. "Yeah, that's it, Barnes. Why don't you keep showing me how he likes it so I can take care of him properly next time you go all Winter Soldier."
problem?! Imagine the man you love, the man who's supposed to love you, told you you'd never be as good as someone else, someone you pretty much
"I'm looking forward to that then." He nods and pulls away, grabbing his jacket. "Oh, and Tony? I like gentlemen and roses," Steve teases with a grin. "I hope you know what that means."
Steve's jaw kind of drops, and Nat looks up from her tablet to shoot him a look, that same 'you need to work out your shit with your boys, Cap,' look. Ducking his head and rolling his eyes at her, he stands and follows Bucky out.
"Like you said, I'm just as fucked as the rest of you, but most of the time I'm managing to hold myself together. Forcing myself together is more accurate, I guess. In some way, it feels really good to stop. To break. I'd like to know what it feels like for that to happen when it's not being caused by a whole bunch of traumatic shit going on."
"After you murdered my parents, there was a video made of hundreds of people talking about how much good they did. Dad's was... well, that was a lot of revisionist history. But mom's? Every word of it was true. I made you watch it, shoved it right into your brain so you couldn't look away, so you had to hear what you did not just to me, but to the world, while I used your throat and tested out just how long a super-soldier can go without air."
I watched and helped you do to Tony. Guess I might already be ruined, if you really think I can be."
Steve just breathes, trying to get his thoughts in order. "We saw each other for a while. I don't know what it was, we didn't put words to it until after it was over. The Accords and everything that came after that put a wedge between us. He, I don't know, assumed it was over? Decided it was over? Though I had? I don't know. And now he's... and I'm..." he sighs again.
The thing is though, Steve might be old fashioned and a little innocent or even naive sometimes, but he's not stupid. Surprised but not disliking the idea, he grins. "You wanna take me on a date, Tony?"
Tony smiles. "Yeah, I can make that happen." He taps his watch and tells Jarvis to, “Call that little bakery down on 4th and have them put together whatever they want to as a sampler for two of macarons. Have it delivered, tip them 50%, when they say they don't accept tips, insist and they'll take it."
"You want me that bad, huh?" Tony grins, but then shakes his head. "Nah, it's a fantasy and it can stay that way. You can have what you want without that."
“There are gonna be cameras. And I don't mean the kind that are always watching. Are you okay with that?"
"Can you love more than one person? Because what I'm feeling for you is definitely more than friendship. It's just not what I feel for Bucky, either."
It's really overwhelming how good all of that feels and how aroused it gets him. Steve is barely able to stay coherent, clinging to Tony with his pupils blown and his lips parted from moaning.
He draws his hands back over Steve's shoulders, pressing them to his chest, one over his heart. His gaze turns soft, equally loving. "Self-deprecation isn't a good look on you, Rogers. Plus, that's sorta my thing. Just... just shut up and love me, okay?"
"Please," it sounds almost like he's begging. "For like, the rest of the morning. I don't want to do anything but kiss you."
He gasps as Bucky shoves back into him so abruptly and he pulls against Steve again. "Fuck me! Fuck me, fucking
"That seems like the perfect way to bring it up," he says honestly. He clears his throat and tugs at his pant leg a little. "I guess... I guess he might not be so into the fucked up stuff. Admittedly, my efforts have maybe been too subtle for him to notice, but I'm starting to doubt he's got it in him."
“It was,” Tony says in response to Thor's question, pushes off from the ledge behind him. Battles were always great once won. The arrogance of success. Invincibility was a very good feeling. Tony would know that better than most.
Tony would know. He would understand. Tony was always ready to help. Even with his skin coming apart at the seams with the effort of it. He should be able to help Steve. But,- Tony, he was still naïve. Optimistic in a way only someone living atop a castle could be, and trust was a hard earned commodity,- the one thing Tony had never been able to successfully sell.
Their relationship had already been hanging by the string, both of them holding onto to each other with their fingertips, and Steve is terrified at the thought of damaging it more. Because one day, one day - they wouldn't be able to go back, and Steve has
“Was it true?” Tony asks into Steve’s chest. Steve ‘hmms’ “about wha-?” he mumbles, his voice blurry with sleep. Tony shifts uncomfortably, “about
Tony simply glows. His eyes are tender as he presses a kiss to Steve's knuckles. The armours would be even better now, with Steve's own input.
With an ungodly shriek, Tony dropped the glass, upended the stool and backed away from the mirror, tripping over his feet and falling to the floor with a loud crash.
“They may not necessarily have been weak.” Steve offers from behind. Tony flings around. Thor, however, seems remarkably unperturbed for someone interrupted in a time of vulnerability. “We are defined by what we are at our weakest.” Steve shakes his head, “Those moments do not define us.”
He lunged at the door knocker, shaking and pulling at it.  The door was sealed so firmly that Tony knew without having to check that it was barricaded from the outside. The wires tightened around his throat and Tony scrambled desperately at his neck, blank gaps dotting his vision, and the door still wouldn't
Tony looks down, burying his face back into Steve’s chest, “What if I hurt you again?” he asks. It was stupid,- this... this, need for assurance, but communication was their greatest failure - and Steve, was the Avengers’ greatest glory. But, Steve,- Steve just smiles, ever so gentle, and Tony had almost forgotten that he could smile like that, easy and weightless. He raises a hand to push Tony’s hair out of his face, down the slope of his cheekbone, to cup his neck as he was so partial to, pulling Tony into his arms even tighter- “Then, I will have you in the night,” he prays into Tony’s hair, “singing you to sleep, and holding you in my arms like we were all there was to this world.”
cock still aches between his legs. Thor had taken what he could; because that’s what everyone always did when Tony gave them the chance - dancing like his presence was all he had to offer.
would have known. But Steve had seen the bruises on his skin. Heard the white faced assessment of Tony's doctors.
in your acquaintance that you've tried to kill him; and only one of those times was it mind control.
Steve’s tongue is warm where it touches Tony’s opening. Warm and wet. Despite his reputation, Tony has not actually had many lovers who’d done this for him. Done this
Tony's gasping breath echoed jarringly loud in the quiet bathroom, as the wires tightened around his throat.
Steve took a sip of some of that terrible beer Sam had gotten, less for wanting to drink and more for wanting to have something to do with his hands. Stark looked at him covertly, as though sneaking a glance and rapidly turned his head away when Steve noticed, peeling the label of his own bottle, which he still hadn’t drunk from, and that wasn’t even the start of everything strange he had seen that day. Steve couldn’t help but feel he was being compared to a certain standard and found wanting. Terribly.
Steve smirks, dancing his thumb inside Tony’s body, “I’m just fine here Anthony.” he bends down spreading Tony’s thighs apart.
He grabbed his collar frantically and tore the shirt off himself, standing half naked in the bathroom. He wondered absently what he’d look like to a passer by. An idiot standing in the bathroom half-naked staring, horrified, at his own reflection. Glowing black wires covering every inch of visible skin.
She looks at him speculatively, as though wondering if he could handle it. She then shakes her head in frustration. “You had an accident. You almost died.” She runs an exhausted hand through her hair. “We’d all been tracking you for weeks. Ever since Tony completely went off radar and two days later, you went missing.
“That was great honey,” she says as soon as she catches her breath; Steve is simultaneously upset and grateful that she hadn't noticed that Steve hadn't cum. She gasps for breath once, and once more before smiling widely, sitting back up.
In the end, it is about as anti-climactic as it can be, as Tony, after a decisive node to himself, just walks forward and hugs Steve, running warm well worked hands through Steve's hair in gentle consolatory motions. “Steve” he says softly, testing the name out. And when Steve stands stiffly, Tony pulls Steve closer, and nuzzles his nose against Steve's throat. Tony smells of metal, expensive cologne, and something that always felt like the mansion.
Tony was the one person Steve had wanted around him after it all. Now they were both fallen from grace.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The second time Steve and Tony try to do something adventurous, they’d been having sex for a while. This time they’d make it work. Obviously.
Tony turns back to Steve, His eyes sliding from Steve's messy hair, the bags under his eyes, and probably the sickly pallor of his skin. He looks stricken, but when his eyes meet Steve, they are tender. Steve is unworthy of it.
Tony grins at him sheepishly. His eyes are exhausted, but he looks healthy. He looks good, and Steve tells him so.
Tony lets him have his play. Eyes shut, luxuriating in Steve. When Steve gets bored, he splays his hand over his rear, wide along the width of it, and Tony turns over to set his chin on Steve’s chest looking at him with earnest blue eyes, “We’re here now, Steve.” he says, like the towering ridicule of their lives could
The man he had pulled out of ice; the armor he had made for himself; probably the two most important things in his life; there was some kind of poetic irony written there, Tony was sure. If there was a Big Guy upstairs, he was probably giving Tony the final finger for all the pain he had caused.
Tony is laughing again, Steve simply cannot get enough of it. Tony had hardly ever laughed since the first time Steve and Tony had gone to war against each other. Spending most of his time averting the next new disaster, never having a moment to just stop and live.
He fumbled for his vibrating phone with one hand, scrolling through the missed calls and the twitter notifications straight to Pepper’s constant stream of texts. He distractly shoved off the couch, wobbling slightly on his feet, throwing his hands out in a childish bid for balance, when a rough hand grasped his wrist. Tony flung around, his phone raised over his head like a battle axe, until Steve’s bewildered blue eyes blinked up at him, wide and confused. Tony heaved a sigh of relief, dropping his phone and taking a few heaving breaths.
, Steve.” He gasps, arching into Steve’s own grip, and rolling back his foreskin,  bending down to Steve’s chest and warming his nipple within Tony’s own mouth, rubbing the flat of his tongue over it, as Steve arched, body bending back pushing into Tony’s mouth, whining helplessly.
Steve sucks his finger into his mouth, laves his tongue over the pad of it: now smooth and devoid of calluses, built up with no trace of his history as he was. Steve licks Tony’s thumb further into his mouth, hallowing his cheeks around it, sucking in earnest, like he wished it were Tony’s cock instead that was resting its heavy weight on his tongue, his arm tightening around Tony’s waist, almost cruel in their strength.
“Not all our susceptible,” Steve smiles, laying Tony out on the bank, flat against the floor, legs raised, and over his shoulders, “Not all are adaptable either.”
It doesn’t work. The plan had been fairly simple. Role-playing couldn't be that hard for costume-themed superheros, and it hadn’t been. They’d managed to acquire sexy looking costumes easily enough, and even if not, Tony could’ve quite easily fabricated something in his lab. It was simple, easy and would undoubtedly be extremely sexy.
Ty traced a thin, claw-like hand on Tony’s jean-clad thigh, stroked his face in a lover’s parody of a caress, before leaning forward, holding his head in a death grip and stealing a violent kiss. Tony felt the hot blood and ash bubbling in Ty’s mouth like acid. He retched, ripping himself away from  his former friend so violently that Ty fell into the fireplace.
