He opened the vial they'd brought along and measured a portion of its contents into a small glass of water. Though John was sceptical about the concoction itself, he saw no reason not to give Sherlock his medicine a day early if it might really help him get better. Experiment or not, letting Sherlock spend an extra day sick in bed felt cruel and unusual. John would much rather have him well and in bed.
Sherlock's eyes went wide for an instant in the mirror as it sank in that he had been caught bent over the bathroom counter in his underwear, slapping gleefully at a sinkful of water with all the poise of an awkward tot in an inflatable kiddie pool, like it was the greatest thing in the world.
He'd said similar things to Sherlock before, and plenty often in their near-year together as flatmates. There was no underlying 'I know what you are' in John's voice, just sheer exasperation with an ounce of resignation.
"All of it," John warned, holding Sherlock until every last drop was squeezed out into Sherlock's mouth. He made sure he saw Sherlock swallow before he let go.
"Um, okay... Okay," John collected himself and tentatively reached with the dish towel to wipe at Sherlock's tear-streaked face, reassuring him, "We can work out any details you have in mind, whenever you feel comfortable. For now, though, I think you look exhausted. Do you want to have a lie-down?"
"Story?" Sherlock suggested. He liked it when Daddy asked him to find and point out things on the page, and impressing Daddy with how well he could spot things.
Like a shot, Sherlock was up and walking at John's side. It wasn't very far now to the paved path along the road through the centre of the park. Once they reached that, it was a left turn and less than five minutes more until the picnic pavilion and the swingset.
John smirked when Sherlock relaxed and started snoring. The laundry finished, he went to put Mrs. Hudson's basket back in its place and to putz around on his blog until he deemed it time to wake his darling little rascal.
The last thing his adult aspect did before slipping away was rationalise that this, letting the weepy baby in him slip to the forefront, was better than the alternative for everyone involved. With that very small shred of comfort, Sherlock let himself fall.
"This is going to have to come out now..." John said to himself as he delicately worked the umbilical wire out of Sherlock's puffed out navel. With that done, he carefully snipped the umbilical cord ring off while Mary held Sherlock still.
Daddy inspected the front of his baby's pull-ups for the telltale colour change that indicated Sherlock had already wet. There was a small, runny break in the ink on a smiling balloon where it was faded from urine contact.
In case his condition didn't improve by the next day, they'd brought along a foul-smelling garlic concoction that Sherlock insisted on testing out in place of taking standard cold and flu medications. At any rate, John was glad the stuff was finally out of their pantry. He'd had to look at it grow cloudy and unappetising in its small glass jar beside the coffee tin for the past couple of months; not the most pleasing sight first thing in the morning.
Emotions were difficult enough for Sherlock under normal circumstances. Right now was much, much worse. His already taxed body began to tremble again.
It was his brand new yellow tee shirt with a big, smiling, screen-printed bee on the front, only now with much less screen-printed bee.
Sherlock wondered if his recent cravings for affection might not have sprouted had he not been stupid enough to live in such close quarters with someone, and, at that, someone who grew up with it; with steady affection. John's demeanour, his very bearing, spoke of an easygoing confidence that seemed to correlate with, as Sherlock had come to discern, at least one solid, consistent relationship with a demonstratively affectionate adult through developmental years. The only way Sherlock could think of the contrast between them was in those removed, analytical terms; if it were to sound any more personal, he could not bear it.
John pressed closer to the door to be heard. "D'you think you might be up to going out tonight? We could hit a pub or two, or whatever you'd like."
"Good to have that out, right?" Daddy commented as he rolled up the IV tubing and cleared away the pole it hung from, seeming oblivious to what Sherlock's poor, overwrought body was going through.
They had weighed him the previous afternoon, and compared his weight today with yesterday's vitals to make sure the number had not dropped.
"Daddy will check and make sure the other bee is still on your romper, okay?" John promised. The other piece of Sherlock's new outfit was a pair of black overalls they shortened the legs of and sewed a bee applique to that matched the shirt. Sherlock did the sewing himself, and knowing him there was no way that bee would ever fall off. "You wear the shirt under that bee anyway, where no one can see it, so it's okay as long as the romper bee is there, right?"
John clucked his tongue and started carefully ripping the sides of Sherlock's pull-up open. "You've had to go for a really long time, haven't you."
He bent over his book again and finished colouring in the bees floating above Pooh Bear's head,  pressing the crayon a little more firmly than before.
"Thanks," John called as he bent and picked it up. He hooked it onto the drawer knob of the nightstand so he could toss the dirty wipes and thoroughly soiled nappy directly in.
Sherlock was a bit bolder with his little time each day. On Friday, he was out in the living room in a footed sleeper and watching a videotape of old animated fairytales. On an unprecedented sort of self-pitying holiday, he ignored his experiments and essays entirely and left the periodicals untouched all week.
He needed John enough that he would trust, against every instinct he'd cultivated to the contrary, that John would stay true to his word and would be there for him.
He set his pacifier safely on the nightstand and dozed in the dim room for a few hours, until a soft but persistent knock on his door woke him. The room was darker by then, the only light spilling around the curtain being from a streetlamp. He still felt little, as he expected he might. He struggled out of headspace as far as he could manage in case the offending knocker had it in their head to attempt conversation.
"Well, he calmed right down, didn't he?" Mary remarked. She shifted the grown baby in her arms, turning him toward her chest and letting her teat poke at his mouth.
"Why," John said slowly, "you haven't, erm, deduced that one of my friends is... " He blinked wide and leaned in as though there was the chance of someone hearing them gossip. "God, do I want to know who? That's it, isn't it. Someone we, or I, know is into that?"
"Ohhhh, no no no no," John cooed, wiping up the tears with the bib, "Daddy shouldn't have said that. Sherlock, you're not stupid. You're the smartest baby on the planet. But it hurts Daddy when you hurt yourself, understand?"
Sherlock's thumb slipped into his mouth, reminding John that there was a discussion they really needed to have today.
Sherlock was much calmer now and barely batted an eye as Mary entered. She plunked herself down on the couch, the booster seat near her feet. She smelled more of soap and much less of
Sherlock made a frustrated noise and looked around the room. He homed in on the arm of the sofa next, scooting over to it and crooking his neck at an awkward angle to sink his teeth into the leather.
- Flooded the toilet (this time not on purpose), and didn't tell Daddy. I was waiting for the water level to go down before trying to fix it, and in the meantime Daddy flushed it thinking it was safe and he flooded it too, but worse. So it was technically Daddy who got toilet water all over the floor. Not my fault.
Machinery, monitors, and instrument trays were ready and in place near the cot. Though the room had softly coloured, nursery-appropriate wallpaper and some more homey furnishings, there was no mistaking its primary use as a medical facility. Even the cot betrayed a colder, more clinical functionality with its wheeled metal base, and six-inch-high plexiglass rim all around the sides to keep the precious patient safely inside.
, Sherlock... They make actual vibrators for that purpose, you know. Ones that won't get stuck where they're not supposed to. You couldn't just pop around the corner and pick one up?!"
Then, more than loud enough to be heard across the room, was the sound of Sherlock's stomach rumbling in acceptance of his recent meal.
After wiping off his hands he turned and stared anxiously out the door, past John's elbow, until John, who hovered as though he possibly wanted to discuss what he had seen, took the hint and stepped aside to let Sherlock pass. He swept past the bewildered doctor and returned to his room, where he figured he had best hole up for the remainder of the day and hope against hope that John would forget what he saw by the time Sherlock came out.
With a short grunt of apparent agreement, Sherlock came back to the here-and-now and did an abrupt about-face toward his bedroom.
Sherlock pretended it was John who rubbed the washcloth over his skin, who massaged the shampoo into his hair. It became easier as Daddy started murmuring to him about getting ready for bed and how sleepy Sherlock must have been after such a rough day. Daddy's little baby was going to be nice and dry in a few minutes, and then Daddy could help him into a diaper.
I'm not sure Mummy will enjoy being my Mummy for very long. It might depend on how much face time I spend with her while I'm regressed. So far, Daddy's seen a lot more of my misbehaviour than Mummy has, so I doubt she's aware of the full scope of it. Granted, Mummy's also more permissive than Daddy, so the definition of bad behaviour is slightly altered. The worst I did during our stay at the hotel was jump on the bed and stay up late. (Unless I did something worse than that and then Deleted it once I felt grown-up again. That happens sometimes.)
He didn't bother asking Sherlock to try unbuttoning his shirt in the meantime. For the mental age Sherlock was currently at, that would prove too frustrating an exercise.
Since he was sure Sherlock would stay Little for a while, John made sure to ask if the Petri dish by the microscope needed to be put away.
"Ah... I see, love." John stood back a bit to give the creature room and corrected, "That's a toad."
All of the wires and tubes trailing off of Sherlock's body were carefully aligned with small access ports as the incubator cover was placed over him.
Sherlock opened his eyes, such relief and gratitude shining in their depths that John leaned in and kissed him again as he pulled the blankets back up to Sherlock's bony shoulders.
Slowly but surely, the toad took the advice and hopped a few times in the direction of the drop-off into the creek.
"Ah." Thankfully, John didn't press to find out what the contents of the tape were. "Do you want to watch some with me tonight, then?"
When liquid started hitting porcelain, it startled Sherlock back into awareness. His eyes went wide as he realised John had gotten him onto the toilet after all. Dropping his thumb to brace himself on the sink, he hurriedly began to stand up, mindless that the flow was still coming.
It startled him intensely, the adrenaline instantly making his heart race and his limbs jerk out. His eyes flew open. There was only a crackled white plaster expanse before him. Hard contact between the floor and his elbows at least told him which way was down and ceased the sensation that he was falling. The pain itself was what brought him to.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes wide, like he was mourning the loss of a loved one. John suppressed a smile, caught between laughter and sympathy. Sherlock sadly scraped the liver into the bag and John sealed it and set it on the table. He gave Sherlock a consoling kiss on the forehead and cleaned up the last of the dishes, placing them all in the sink to be washed.
They whiled away the morning, waiting for Mycroft to arrive. When he did it was with an unhappy expression. He brushed off his shoulders in a dignified, yet annoyed, gesture. “I hate snow,” he lamented. “It gets everywhere and it’s entirely disgusting at this point, all the cars and dirt have turned it the most abhorrent shade of gray.”
“What am I supposed to tell my readers? That you examined a body, then sat around and figured it out in your mind palace?” John asked.
“Yes I do,” said Sherlock, tilting the newspaper down to give John an upside down view of the headline inside. John look at his screen and sure enough, it was Lestrade that had texted.
“Oxford Street,” “221B Baker Street,” John and Sherlock said at the same time. The cabbie looked between them, eyebrows raised expectantly. “Alright fine,” Sherlock sighed, “Oxford Street please.”
When they reached the doorway John pushed Sherlock roughly by the shoulders against the doorjamb and kissed him, open-mouthed and passionate. Sherlock responded with a long moan in the back of his throat, his eyes rolling back as they closed. John pressed against him, moving his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders to run along the sharp line of his chin.
Sherlock and John said at the same time, Sherlock in a scandalized tone and and John pleasantly shocked. He looked over his shoulder while gently pushing Sherlock up the stairs and Mrs. Hudson gave a little wave. He broke into an astonished grin and continued up the stairs, with Sherlock in tow.
John shook his head and smiled. Whatever Sherlock may say, Mycroft was right. Ever since they had had gotten together, John had noticed Sherlock showing others his kinder, softer, side. The one he used to have reserved only for quiet moments when he was alone with John.
The corner of John’s lip quirked in amusement. “I suppose you have,” he said, “but really, how are you?”
And suddenly the music exploded in intensity, bursting from quiet longing into electrified exuberance. The thing that had been simmering under the surface of the song leapt forward, eagerly dancing through the air. The song turned into to one of buoyant rapture, twirling through the living room on wings of laughter. John could see images of the beginning of their relationship racing through his mind as Sherlock played. The curiosity was back, but it it was more brazen and confident, unabashedly ardent and enthusiastic.
Sherlock, who had gone back to inspecting the cadaver’s toes and hadn’t seen Molly’s reaction made a hmming noise of his own. “Yes, Mycroft is just here to pester me about me boyfriend.” In any other circumstance John would have done a happy dance at being referred to as Sherlock’s “boyfriend,” but look on Molly’s face stopped him.
“Good, I’m going to get you some orange juice, you need lots vitamin c, and refill your water glass. Here’s some Tylenol,” he said, pulling out the box and handing it to Sherlock, who began to open it. John went to the kitchen to get him the orange juice and when he got back Sherlock had resumed reading his paper. He took the cup without a word and John went into the living room to continue writing his blog post.
“Well actually, I also had something I wanted to talk to the three of you about,” said Molly, “and Mycroft if you could pass this on to Greg,” John and Sherlock both turned to look at Mycroft, John in confusion, Sherlock with an expression of haughty triumph, before turning their attention to Molly. “I was thinking,” she said “that we could do a secret Santa this year.”
“Well we’re doing it. Mark your calendar. Next year you, me, and Mr. Snowman here have a date for hot chocolate and apple cider.”
Sherlock nodded and stepped closer to the curb, waiting for a moment before raising his hand as a cab approached. For the second time that evening a cab pulled up next to them and they got in. This time there was no disagreement, Sherlock gave the cabbie their address and they settled in, pressed close together in the back of a cab, to go home.
Instead he giggled, slightly confused and delighted by the unexpected direction that this night had taken. Sherlock smiled to himself at John’s excitement. He had wanted to pick up John and carry him around for a while now. He had first got the idea a couple of months ago, before they were even a couple, and when John had asked to take a carriage ride Sherlock took it as an opportunity to make an excuses to carry John around.
When they had first gotten together, romantically speaking, neither of them had been sure how to tell Mrs. Hudson. At first they had thought they would sit her down and have a talk with her about it. But then they thought, maybe that isn’t necessary since she had mistaken us as a couple at the very beginning. But no, they’d decided, she should be told in an official capacity. So they planned on talking to her about it over a dinner. But when both chickened out John suggested that they just kiss in front of her or something. And somehow, over the course of all this deliberation, two months had gone by and she still didn’t know. At least to their knowledge. And now she had walked in on John sitting on Sherlock’s lap, which had absolutely no platonic explanation.
“Want some breakfast?” John asked, walking over to give Sherlock a good morning kiss on the forehead.
“How could you possibly- you know what, please don’t tell me.” Sherlock laughed and looked down at John with his lips pressed exaggeratedly together. “I was just thinking about how maybe, we could do this forever,” John said, “you and me I mean.”
They joined the crow of people confidently skating around the center of the rink and made their way along, Sherlock gaining speed and, eventually, balance. He let go of John’s hand after a while and skated along by himself. Now that Sherlock was skating by himself when a pocket of empty space appeared John slid forward and gave a small twirl before returning to Sherlock’s side. Sherlock looked over at him, his eyes wide in amazement. “That was really impressive,” he said, his voice slightly breathless.
John laughed and nodded, happy to take care of Sherlock for as long as possible. Once the eggs had turned from clear to white John transferred them from the pan onto a plate, which he handed to Sherlock, who took it to the table and sat down. He heard Sherlock open the morning paper as he began making his own breakfast. When his own eggs were done he turned to see that Sherlock had entirely disappeared behind the paper, so he slid into the seat across from Sherlock without a word.
Sherlock smiled up at him. “I would kiss you, but,” he gestured up and down at his body, “pathogens.” John smiled down in turn, gazing at Sherlock from his place standing above the bed, but hurried off when he heard the kettle begin to whistle. He came back with a piping mug of tea, the scents of lemon and ginger drifting up in the steam. He handed the mug to Sherlock, who took it lightly with the tips of his fingers, careful not to be burned. He blew delicately over the surface of the drink before taking a small sip and setting it next to his water to cool.
As soon as the door shut behind John, Sherlock was on him, holding the back of John’s head in his hands and kissing him, hard, on the mouth. He pushed John up against the closed door and John gasped for air as Sherlock began trailing kisses from the corner of his mouth across his cheek. John slid his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, running them along his smooth torso and feeling his muscles ripple under his skin. He pressed his shoulders harder against the door, arching his back and exposing his throat. He wondered if Sherlock could feel his heart beating as he placed a kiss on John’s neck where one usually puts their fingers to check for a pulse.
An almost awkward silence hung in the air as they sat, quietly staring into space, for a moment. Sherlock broke the silence by taking a deep breath and standing, violin still in hand. He looked like he was about to say something but John cut him off abruptly. “Will you play for me?” he asked, surprising both himself and Sherlock with his request. Sherlock had played in front of John plenty of times, but the idea of paying for him was something new and different.
Molly walked, laughing, through the door and sat down next to John. Sherlock followed close behind her and closed the door before plopping down on Molly’s other side. He reached around the back of the couch and let his hand rest of John’s shoulder for a moment, before nodding at the two of them and pressing play.
“Lies. You’re telling me lies Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said. She shrugged modestly, but when she looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at John, she winked. “I saw that,” said Sherlock, “how could I have not seen that?” John grinned behind Sherlock’s back and returned Mrs. Hudson’s wink. This Sherlock did not see and both he and Mrs. Hudson repressed a smile.
Sherlock glanced at him and began tossing lemons into the cupboard. “Based on my state of ennui when you returned what would you deduce?”
It was the kiss that said a thousand words. John told Sherlock how much he loved the song, Sherlock told John about how long he’s been writing it, how he kept adding to it every time he felt something new. John told Sherlock again and again how much he loved him. Sherlock smiled and returned the sentiment. And they stayed like that, talking, long into the night.
Sherlock put away his Bunsen burner and surveyed the table. It was still covered with scientific equipment, test tubes and pipettes were strewn everywhere and his microscope stood where it always did. John stood next to him, resting his head on his shoulder. “You know, I thought you would be a lot less squeamish about this stuff,” Sherlock said, “considering that you’re a doctor.”
“Oh Sherlock,” said Mrs. Hudson, “I’m glad you like it.” For a moment John was afraid they might hug but both sat down without embracing and John let out a sigh of relief, glad they wouldn’t be losing their flat anytime soon. To John’s surprise, Sherlock pulled the sweater on over his shirt and held out his hands as if to say “ta-da.” Mrs. Hudson looked extremely pleased with herself and John, feeling left out, pulled on his own sweater. It wasn’t scratchy at all, instead it was soft and warm and John found himself wanting to never take it off, despite its vulgar appearance.
“I know right,” John said, “they’re like human space heaters.” John looked over at him, “so you two are in a relationship know,” he said in the same way Lestrade had said when Sherlock had appeared with his arm around John’s shoulder.
Sherlock looked sideways at John before returning his eyes to the café across the street. “I can’t control the wind John.”
“So... Mrs. Hudson made us sweaters,” said Sherlock, rubbing his hands against his thighs as if to warm them up. “I suppose we’ll have to make a few appearances in these.”
“Great,” said Molly, “if there isn’t anything else then I’ll see you all at John and Sherlock’s on the 22nd.” They thanked her before going their separate ways, Mycroft and Greg going down one hall, John, Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson going down another.
“Well, doesn’t look like we’ll be going anywhere today,” said Sherlock snapping the TV off when the commercials came on.
Sherlock let out an exasperated huff of breath, “we’ve been over this. You are not allowed to tease me about wanting to see Frozen 2 any more. Besides, you like Christmas movies, you should be enjoying this.”
They continued down London’s long winding streets, making their way back to their flat. When John got to the point in his candy cane where the long end had formed an extremely sharp spike he showed it to Sherlock. “Potential murder weapon?” he asked.
They each wrote their name onto individual pieces of paper before handing them to Molly, who mixed them up in a Santa hat. They passed the hat around the circle, each taking out a slip of paper. When the hat reached John he plucked out a folded paper and passed the hat to Mycroft, who was standing next to him. Upon opened the paper he saw Molly’s name written in flowery cursive. Once the hat had gotten all the way around the circle and returned to Molly she set it on her desk and smiled at them. “Well, that was all in need,” she said, “ but we should also probably figure out when and where we want to exchange gifts.”
John laughed. “Don’t apologize,” he said standing up onto his tip-toes again to give Sherlock one last lingering kiss before grabbing his hand and pulling him back out onto the street. Once they were back out in the open John dropped Sherlock’s hand, but they remained close to one another, walking alongside each other, abnormally close together, stealing furtive glances every couple seconds, like they were children, sneaking around behind someone’s back.
John set a bowl of oatmeal and a glass of orange juice in front of him a few minutes later and they ate their breakfast together, John drinking an orange juice of his own in solidarity. Sherlock picked up the newspaper and began perusing the crime section. “Christ,” he muttered, “I’m out of commission for two days and all of London goes to hell in a hand basket.”
“Names?” she asked. They gave her their names and paid, going to stand at the end of the counter to wait for their drinks.
John bent down beside him and placed the back of his hand on Sherlock’s forehead. Realizing that Sherlock was burning up, he gently shook Sherlock by the shoulder to wake him. Sherlock blinked awake slowly, a sharp contrast to his usual very sudden transfers between sleeping and waking. When he saw John standing over him looking worried he turned his head, looking around to see what was the matter, before realizing it was him that John was concerned about.
The kid, picking up on Sherlock’s abrupt change in character, narrowed his eyes. “Why should I tell you?” he asked.
As they got closer to Baker Street John’s candy cane slowly shrank, as did Sherlock’s, until they had only two small stubs left. By the time they got back the their flat they were almost entirely gone. John kicked off his shoes and settled into his chair to begin writing up a blog post about his and Sherlock’s lengthy discussion. Sherlock sat across from him, writing a blog post of his own. When John stretched out his legs Sherlock rested his feet on top of John’s, which was an odd, but somehow comforting gesture. They sat together quietly for the rest of the evening, whiling away the hours, enjoying one another’s silent company. Eventually the sun set outside and John got up to go to bed. As he did so, he gave Sherlock a goodnight kiss on the cheek, his breath smelling of candy cane.
“Oh you know, he’s always trying to get me to fix some government problem or another. I suppose some important papers have gone missing or something.”
John looked over at the girl and nodded, seeing nothing but a girl sitting by a window. “She’s pretty,” he said. Sherlock frowned. “Not as pretty as you,” John reassured him and Sherlock’s frown disappeared. A moment later their names were called and John briefly let go of Sherlock’s hand to get their drinks. As soon as he handed Sherlock his hot chocolate he returned his hand to Sherlock’s and they left the cafe to continue their walk home.
John rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s perfectionism and cleared a space where they could decorate the cookies. Sherlock picked up one of his snowflakes and began icing it with a precise hand. John picked up a cookie of his own and began icing it. When he finished he pushed it towards Sherlock with his finger. “Look Sherlock, don’t eat the yellow snow,” he had iced a snowman with yellow icing.
“No John do not touch that,” Sherlock said, reaching out and nearly sending John toppling over as he pushed him away from the set of test tubes John had been reaching for. They were cleaning up the kitchen, a thing that had never happened before, to make Christmas cookies. And by cleaning, what they were really doing was taking all of the beakers and pipettes that had migrated to the counter and shoving them back onto the table in the center of the room where Sherlock kept the majority of his scientific equipment.
Unable to resist, he slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist and hugged him for a moment, laying his head on Sherlock’s chest and feeling his heart pounding beneath his many layers of clothes. Sherlock didn’t tense in John’s arms, his fear seeming to triumph over his discomfort with public displays of affection. John marveled at the fact that same man he had witnessed face off calmly with murders, was now trembling over ice skating. “Sherlock,” he said, “its ok. You’ll be fine.” Sherlock nodded and squeezed him closer for a moment before letting John go and looking forward, lifting his chin in steadfast determination. John smiled. That was the Sherlock he knew.
Throughout the night, John was kept up less by the sound of Sherlock coughing, and more by the newly uncomfortable and unfamiliar feeling of sleeping alone in a cold bed. He had moved back to his old bedroom, and room he’d barely been in these past few months, that night since Sherlock was sick and highly contagious. When he’d entered the first thing he had noticed was the thin coating of dust over everything. It was a conspicuous reminder of how he, and almost everything he owned, had migrated from his room to Sherlock’s, where he now slept every night.
“I am not going ice skating,” Sherlock said, crossing his arms defiantly and plunking down into his chair.
“Transportation systems have been shut down all over London, causing massive delays across the region,” the newscaster was saying in his slightly monotone drawl. Sherlock, John, and Mrs. Hudson were huddled around the TV, watching the morning news report. Outside a white blur was obscuring their view, so that all they could see was snow, pouring from the sky.
But alas, the ride ended eventually, thankfully closer to Baker Street than where it had began, and Sherlock extricated himself from under John’s cuddles to exit the carriage. John followed him, thanking the driver as he climbed from the carriage down to the road. He pet each of the horses before joining Sherlock on the side of the pavement.
Sherlock picked up his violin from where it had been sitting in the corner and placed it on his shoulder. When he rested the bow to the strings the sound that came out was piercing and urgent, the tempo fast, but muddled, like it was searching for the right beat, but couldn’t quite find it. Sherlock’s fingers quickened, plucking at the strings and pushing the bow faster and faster across the strings, searching for the right melody.
When they got inside John was overwhelmed by the smell of grease and beer. Sherlock stepped confidently up to the counter and ordered some chips. John, still confused, sat down at small slimy table while Sherlock struck up a conversation with the man, well, kid really, behind the counter. He seemed friendly at first, questioning the greasy haired teenager about how he came to work at the shop.
“Yes, we’ve been together about two months,” said John looking over at Sherlock, who had moved on from the body’s toes and was now closely analyzing its torso. Molly continued staring at him, her face getting extremely pale and her breathing becoming very shallow. “Here, sit down,” said John, moving to pull up a stool for her.
When John heard him coming back upstairs there were two sets of footsteps instead of one. He furrowed his brow and leaned forward, trying to figure out who was with Sherlock this early in the morning on a holiday. A minute later Sherlock appeared in the doorway to the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson close behind him. “Merry Christmas dear,” she said to John as she crossed the kitchen threshold and walked towards him. Her expression was bright and wide-awake in a way John knew he and Sherlock wouldn’t become for another hour.
“What does that even mean? My heart is perfectly normal. The only thing wrong with my physical condition right now is that it’s keeping me away from you.”
“That’s am invasion of privacy.” Sherlock raised his shoulders indifferently. “I’ve still got this book,” John said, “I could still throw it at you.”
When he got back, plastic bag full of Tylenol and other supplies in hand, Sherlock was still in bed and Mrs. Hudson was sitting at the table. “He asked me to bring him his portable chemistry set on a tray,” she said, “I told him that wouldn’t be happening.”
“Well,” said John, stepping from their stoop onto the busy pavement, “since I owe you a hot chocolate, and I’m in the mood for apple cider, we’re going out for festive drinks to prove to you that holidays are fun.”
He swung his legs around and sat on the side of his bed for a moment, rubbing his eyes, then casting one last look around the room before standing and going downstairs. When he walked into the kitchen Sherlock sprang away from his microscope, which he had been leaning over. John ran he hands through his hair sleepily and frowned. “What were you doing?”
Sherlock moved his hands upwards, skimming his fingers along the short hairs on the back of John’s neck before threading his hands through John’s hair and cradling his head. They stayed, kissing in the snowbank, until the snow began to soak through Sherlock’s coat and he sat up to avoid getting soaked. John broke away and grinning. “Was that a yes?” he asked. He stood, helping Sherlock get up and brushed the snow from his shoulders.
He pulled out his phone, opened a map of London, and began pointing out areas to Lestrade where she likely lived based the salary he thought she made that were in walking distance of where he thought she worked. “If her fingerprints don’t bring up any results you can rule out a government job and eliminate these areas,” Sherlock said and pointed to the map again. Lestrade seem both annoyed and amazed by this, as he always did. “If a missing person report comes from one of those areas that matches her description then you’ve probably found out who she is,” John finished scribbling that last of his notes and closed his notepad, Lestrade nodded.
“Don’t make this about me, we’re talking about you now. Tell me, what sort of trouble did you and your mates get into?”
Mrs. Hudson raised an eyebrow at their hurried explanations. When they fell silent she smiled and gave them another once over in their Christmas sweaters and shamefaced expressions. “Well I’m happy for you,” she said, “and hopefully this means you’ll start making each other tea and stop asking me to do it.” John looked doubtfully at Sherlock but didn’t say anything. Instead he placed a hand on Sherlock’s knee and smiled, glad to finally have gotten telling Mrs. Hudson over with. Even though he had known she wouldn’t react poorly it had weighed heavily on his mind and he was happy to have that weight lifted. Sherlock continued to look mortified for some time, even after Mrs. Hudson had shut the door behind her again and left them in silence once more. They sat like that for some time, neither saying anything, as neither were quite sure how to articulate just how horrifyingly wonderful that entire experience had been.
“Stay right there John,” he said, lightly touching John’s shoulder and slowly climbing the last of the stairs. John frowned and furrowed his brow, confused by the sudden appearance of mistletoe in their doorway, but not nearly as apprehensive as Sherlock. Sherlock stopped on the top step and bent forward, scanning the doorway and surrounding area for any clues as to who had put the mistletoe where it was.
John stared at her for a moment, his mind going completely blank. He couldn’t believe that after two months, this was the first time someone had mistaken them for a couple, but hadn’t been mistaken. John, who was so used to correcting people and insisting that they weren’t a couple, seemed to be experiencing some sort of error, like his brain needed rebooting. He shook his head, as if to knock all of his thoughts back into place, before smiling and nodding. “Yeah, he loves them. We can’t get one though, flat’s too small, so he pets everyone else’s.”
“Do it again,” he said, giving John a little affectionate push on the shoulder. John, pleased that Sherlock was impressed, but also baffled by it, looked around, waiting for an opening, before skating forward and spinning around twice and stopping, waiting for Sherlock to catch up. Sherlock glided up to him, eyes never leaving his face, and smiled.
“Obviously not,” said Sherlock, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the table, placing his chin on the tips of his steepled fingers. His sheepish expression was gone, replaced by a curious grin, the one he got when he was determined to figure something out. “Alright, your turn,” he said, “I’m sure you got up to all sorts of terrible things at university.” John blushed slightly and leaned back in his chair.
They went into the living room where Sherlock stretched out onto the couch and John settled into his chair. John opened his computer and Sherlock opened his newspaper. But they had been sitting like that for just a moment before Sherlock signed and dropped the paper, letting it flop down over his face. “John I am going out of my mind here.”
“Come on Sherlock, it’ll be fun,” said John, “and I’ll pick out your gift for you so you won’t even have to think.”
John sat down across from him and set his hot chocolate on the side table by his chair. He opened his computer and began to draft a blog post, sipping at his hot chocolate as he typed. Sherlock was still leaning backwards, he head almost entirely upside down. When he straightened himself into an upright position his face was slightly read and his hair was flopping in his eyes. John glances up at him and, seeing his hair in its state of disarray, laughed.
“If you say so,” John said. “Now we are going to clean that up,” he pointed again at the table full of petri dishes, “and you are not going to argue.” Sherlock nodded and stepped towards the kitchen. He paused and looked back at John. John smiled and followed.
Sherlock came back a few minutes later, his crisp white shirt perfectly pressed. He sat on the edge of his chair, his back perfectly straight in rigid anticipation. He began tapping out an expectant beat on his knees, waiting in bated excitement for Lestrade to arrive. A few minutes passed and when they heard Lestrade’s car pull up outside it took all of Sherlock’s strength not to jump up and race downstairs to greet him. Instead he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees, foot tapping rapidly on the floor, as they listened as Mrs. Hudson let Lestrade in downstairs.
“Only for Mrs. Hudson.” When John glanced over at Sherlock a moment later his face was illuminated by the lights and each color was playing off the contours of his expression. “What are you looking at John?” Sherlock asked, turning to meet his gaze.
John rolled his eyes, abandoned the coffee pot, and stomped over to the window. He pulled open the curtains and let out a small sound of shock. “Holly hell, it really did snow,” he conceded. He turned and paused, processing the weather outside, before returning to the kitchen. “What on Earth is all of this snow doing in London?” he asked.
When they had been sufficiently caffeinated, and had eaten their breakfast and gotten ready, John and Sherlock headed downstairs and got on their coats. They were heading out, despite the snow, to get groceries. When they stepped onto the pavement outside ice and snow crunched beneath their feet. John shoved his hands deep into his pockets and looked up at Sherlock, who was scowling at the snow as if glaring could make it go away.
“About the case? Yes, several,” Sherlock replied, but didn’t elaborate and went back to staring pensively at the ground.
He glared at it combatively, as if it were an enemy to beat and quickly took a swig, throwing his head back to gargle before spitting the water back into the glass. It had been one fluid motion and when he was finished he held the glass away from his body in revulsion. John, who was much less easily disgusted, took the glass from him and dumped it in the sink.
“Not yet, no. Although that piece of paper is intriguing. Why would she have it and nothing else?” John thought for a moment, but came up with nothing and shrugged. They walked for a while longer in silence. As they did, the snow got heavier and began to stick. By the time they got back to Baker Street Sherlock’s hair was completely full of the stuff. Sherlock shook his head, sending his curls, and the snow in them, flying. John ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, brushing away the last of the flakes.
They settled back and watched. Again Sherlock kept his scathing comments to himself, though he had plenty of them.
John took the soiled burp cloth from Mary, who slid Sherlock into a different position so he could see out across the nursery.
"Damnit, Sherlock!" John roared and fumbled with the old diaper to flip it back up over Sherlock's treacherous wee-wee, getting more of his jumper in the line of fire in the process.
Mary piped up from the doorway, "That's why you're supposed to put a flannel over them if the nappy's off."
Conscious of keeping his own manner neutral, Sherlock pressed nervously, "Specifically, I mean... What were your impressions?"
"The bath's all ready, Sherlock," said Daddy gently with a smile. "Come here and let Daddy undress you!"
Biting his lip tersely, Sherlock huffed through his nose and frowned down at the toad, seeming insulted that the toad might be afraid of him. After a long moment to think, he gave the toad one good scoot with the stick, waited, and, when the toad didn't dare move, set the stick down in a nook amongst the stump's roots and drew back a bit to watch.
Big or Little, Sherlock hated, absolutely hated, anyone else trying to control what went into or out of his body. Bottle-feeding and appealing to his Littleness had been one of the few ways John found to get the skinny man to eat, but even that method had its limits. And when it came to the other end of things, John still hadn't figured out a failproof way to get Sherlock to deal with it healthily.
Cases, and I mean the good ones, the worthwhile ones, upticked during the summer, but the oncoming winter chill seems to have driven the more serious would-be offenders indoors, so to speak. The past few weeks have been quiet. Daddy has been trying to accommodate for more Little time now that there's a lull, except it's still cold and flu season, so he's been a bit busy. At the very least, we have downtime to look forward to around Christmas and New Year's. I doubt John's going to any parties. I've already firmly told Mummy I'm not coming home this year, but I expect I'll have to remind her a few more times.
He eased Sherlock up onto the sofa with him, beside Mary. He sat them so that Sherlock could snuggle into his side, half across his lap and half supported by the corner of the backrest and armrest.
Starting to feel full, already used to baby-sized portions as he was, when it was all gone Sherlock cooed softly and rubbed his legs against the sheets in pleasure. He continued to lick at his lips until they didn't taste like veggies anymore.
John continued to pet Sherlock's hair, pleased that it appeared to calm Sherlock. He looked so frail now, overwrought and drained. John felt himself pale as it struck him that he wasn't kidding himself after all when he mused that Sherlock was probably only another week away from a total nervous breakdown if allowed to go on as before.
When he deemed it late enough that the sound of the shower running wouldn't bother anyone sleeping in, Sherlock gave up on hiding behind his pillow and locked himself in the bathroom for a long, hot, steamy one.
He then took a long, slow sip of his own 'ah'fee' to keep himself from laughing at how serious Sherlock was about enjoying his minuscule helping of caffeine.
"There they are!" Sherlock bounced on the balls of his feet and pointed to the swingset in the distance. The area was thankfully deserted. The few cars parked behind the mowed sports field belonged to people who were probably walking far down the other direction, along the two-mile circuit that passed by the protected marshlands.
I got a time-out in the corner instead of an apology, because, Daddy says, (and I disagree,) I have no right to raise a stink over Daddy's reaction to my reaction to the biscuits after what happened last Thursday.
!" John whispered to him as he dried Sherlock with a big, fluffy towel and followed it with the moisturising oil.
With a fretful expression, Sherlock reluctantly nodded. He felt so, so icky, he wasn't sure he would be ready for another bottle at any point today.
I'm sure she doesn't know how to do that, but, if by some stroke of crappy Christmas luck she does manage it... well, I've spent days at a time naked in a basement in Serbia in the winter. A chilly flat is nothing, especially when it's my pride at stake. Sherlock Holmes in fuzzy footie pyjamas is a sight reserved for John and John alone.
John steeled himself and spat it out, knowing there could be no 'never-minds' once Mycroft had an inkling something was up at 221B, "Do you know of any reason Sherlock would have an aversion to using the toilet? I mean, just peeing in it like a normal person. God, I know that sounds... It's not like he's--"
John's voice washed over him, and it took Sherlock a long moment to process before the words reached his brain in their proper form.
Mary and John studied him. Sherlock looked like cornered prey; stock still, his eyes were wide as if in terror and glued to Mary, his rapid breathing suggesting his heart was nearly beating out of his chest. The hand not in his mouth was clenched into a defensive fist, the entire arm drawn feebly to his chest, along with the immediate raising of his knees, hinting at a desire to curl into a foetal ball.
Mary's finger was inside Sherlock's navel next, scrubbing disinfectant deep inside. It was cold and wet, but he couldn't smell the sharp alcohol through the oxygen mask.
He let his eyelids fall. In the white noise of the telly, Sherlock fancied the wispy strains of a lullaby danced around. His left arm, the last muscle group he kept engaged, finally went slack too. The teething ring fell from his mouth and slipped down his cheek, followed quietly by a thin, shining track of drool. Sherlock closed his mouth and hummed happily.
I gather Molly drew some parallel between my usage and what she perceives should be guilt over how much of a brat I've been lately, probably, compounded by lack of attention from John, who's been taking both extra hours at work and more social time. In any case, her hypothesis calmed John considerably and I avoided a spanking.
I know I definitely needed clothes on at night to keep warm because Mummy steals the blankets in her sleep. She's like a power spool, gradually winding up the covers, whereas Daddy's more like a pillowy log the whole night. We did get me an extra blanket from the front desk the last night we were there, though.
John looked up, searching his face for some indication of what the idea he had just gotten was. Sherlock raised the bow suddenly, cutting the music off mid-note. “I’ve got it,” he said, placing his violin in his chair and pulling out his phone. He called their client to explain his solution, twirling the bow in his other hand as he talked. John listened with a furrowed brow, furiously transcribing what he could hear of the conversation for his blog.
When Sherlock was finished talking he promised to follow up on a few theories and get back to Lestrade. “Come on, John,” he said, turning away from Lestrade. John followed him down the street and they walked quietly for a moment before John realized they weren’t headed back towards Baker Street.
“Already got it,” said Sherlock, holding up a clear evidence bag with the scrap of paper inside. He turned on his heel and began walking away. John, after a quick parting nod to Lestrade, hurried after him.
Heading upstairs, Sherlock sat down at his microscope and began examining the scrap of paper. John started reviewing his notes and drafting the beginning of his blog post for this case. After a while he got distracted and started staring out of the window. Snow had stopped actively falling but everything outside was covered in a light dusting. John knew it wouldn’t last long, it never did in London, and he could see the snow on the Speedy’s awning below already beginning to drip.
“Annie,” the girl said. Annie, a brown and white English Springer Spaniel, was wagging her tail enthusiastically as Sherlock rubbed his hands along the sides of he face and neck. “Your boyfriend really likes dogs,” the girl remarked.
“Ok, well I’m going to make you some soup and if you think of something that isn’t boring let me know.”
Walking into the bedroom, he laid down next the Sherlock, who was already dozing, and tried to fall asleep. At some point, Sherlock, who usually sleeps flat on his stomach, rolled over, nearly knocking John off the bed. John pushed him back over to his side and curled up against his back, letting Sherlock’s body heat serve as a human radiator to keep him warm.
“I know dear,” she said, standing to go back downstairs, “I just hope it doesn’t kill my tomato plants in the process.”
“That is correct.” John nodded again, trying to think back and figure out when he felt the change. Sherlock, picking up on how hard John was thinking about this, but misinterpreting his confusion, looked at him with brows furrowed in concern. “You haven’t changed your mind, have you?”
Sherlock chased him through the park, his long legs catching up easily with John. As he got closer he threw another snowball. This one hit John on his back and when he stumbled a little Sherlock managed to catch up with him. Sherlock reached for John, spinning him around. “I won!” he exclaimed, fingers clutching John’s wrist.
“I bought you all candy canes,” Molly said brightly, pulling a bundle of candy canes out of a drawer in her desk. Sherlock and John were in her office at St. Barts, a tiny, dimly lit room near the morgue, along with Mycroft, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson, who Molly has roped into joining the secret Santa after the movie at John and Sherlock’s flat. Molly had texted them all earlier that morning asking if they could meet to exchange secret Santa names. They now all stood in a small awkward circle in her office, each taking a candy cane from her outstretched hands. John watched Sherlock slide his into his pocket and noticed when Mycroft discreetly handed his to Lestrade while Molly’s back was turned.
“Well apparently you need protection from rude Americans,” Sherlock said, “so it’s only my duty to provide. I can’t let you walk alone.” John smiled again and leaned against Sherlock as they walked. Somehow, despite the biting air, John felt warm inside, like, by taking his hand, Sherlock had lit a candle inside of him.
Sherlock stopped suddenly, one hand lifting a book in the air, the other reaching to the back of the bookcase. The hand holding the book lowered, and slowly he pulled out a small sheaf of papers from behind a row of books. John stared at him, wide eyed and confused, but he understood suddenly when Sherlock straightened the papers and placed them on his music stand.
“Not enjoying the weather, are we Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, swinging into the living room and plunking down into his chair, his dressing gown swooshing behind him.
Finally John coughed and muttered “two months.” He felt like a scolded schoolboy and based on the look on Sherlock’s face, the feeling was mutual.
“You’re the one who brought this up.” John had no argument to that so he shoved his hands in his pockets and frowned. The truth was, he adored how “cool and mysterious” Sherlock was, he just wanted to pester him about it. But whenever he tried to lovingly pester Sherlock about anything, Sherlock argued him into a corner. He should have become a lawyer.
“I’m not squeamish,” he yelled to Sherlock. Sherlock followed him from the kitchen and bent down from behind, giving him a kiss on the top of his head. He sat across from John in his chair, one leg straightened in from of him and the other thrown over the armrest. “How is that possibly comfortable?” John asked him.
John wanted to tell him it’s not that deep, just hang them wherever, but it was amusing to watch Sherlock laboriously deliberate over each ornament’s placement, and they would undoubtedly have the most evenly distributed ornament, in terms of size and color, in all of London. So he just watched Sherlock through the branches and finished haphazardly hanging the uglier of his ornaments randomly around the back end of their tree.
“I suppose so,” John said. They approached the table, John with his nose slightly scrunched, Sherlock scanning the many organ samples to see if there had been any changes. He handed John a pair of rubber gloves and put on a pair himself. They each picked up a petri dish and scraped the organs into a plastic bag. “Do I even want to know where you got these?” John asked, nodding to the many different organ samples.
As soon as Lestrade had driven away John turned to Sherlock. “You really forgot that it was Christmas Eve?” he asked.
John nodded, turning over what Sherlock had said in his mind. “So, saying it doesn’t change anything, but actually being in love does?”
“You boys have done so much for me, and I’m not your house keeper, so stop asking for tea and biscuits, but I wanted to do something nice for you.” John smiled faintly, unsure if he wanted to hug her or send her out so he could set the sweater on fire without hurting her feelings. Based on his own internal battle he was terrified of how Sherlock would react. But before he could loudly change the subject to avoid Sherlock’s inevitably rude response Sherlock set his sweater down and stood, looking Mrs. Hudson in the eye. John took a deep breath and braced himself.
John startled, having had completely forgotten about the cab. “Yes we’re coming,” he said, pulling Sherlock by the elbow into the back seat.
“John I will stay here and make you happy for a very long time.” They continued standing like that for a while, John enjoying the warmth emanating from Sherlock and the tree, Sherlock’s mind taking in eighteen different things at once, not a few of which included the soft texture of John’s hair and the comforting smell of his shampoo. Outside the sun was setting and as it got dark London came alive, lights flickering on and people calling out to one another. But in their flat John and Sherlock stood, silently enveloped in each other’s company. And though neither said a word they could both hear the other making a promise to stay and make the person standing next to them happy for a long, long time.
“I was not gazing longingly at your lap,” John protested, but he had to admit, now that he was here he was not planning on leaving. Instead he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and nestled his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock picked up the lab report he had been reading and resumed going over its contents. John was content to just stare off into space and revel in the bliss of sitting in Sherlock’s lap. He was still amazed that this was something Sherlock not only allowed, but actually welcomed. After several minutes of quiet bliss Mrs. Hudson popped her head in the doorway and both were so startled that they concurrently jumped out of their skins and John ended up on the floor as a result, the pages of Sherlock’s lab report floating down around him.
“Oh no, thank you dear,” she said, “I’ve got errands to run, but I’ll see you boys later.” When they got outside they went in opposite directions. As John and Sherlock stared their long walk home Sherlock pulled his candy cane out of his pocket and bit open the plastic.
John laughed, “yeah, come on.” He leaned against Sherlock for a moment, before stepping out of his arms and walking alongside him back home.
“We are coming here again, I just thought of a tradition for us,” said John foreseeing an annual bout of holiday ennui in Sherlock.
“You don’t mean to tell me that in college you broke into a morgue and experimented on the dead bodies?” John exclaimed, his eyes widening in shock. Sherlock nodded, slightly sheepishly, and glanced around the room to see if anyone else had heard. They were having dinner at a new a Italian restaurant had opened up down the street from their flat when the revelation that Sherlock had illegally experimented on medical students’ cadavers in college came out. “Sherlock, that’s not allowed.”
Lestrade shoved his hands into his pockets, still looking annoyed. “Great,” he said in a tone that suggested this was not great. “Like I said, we’ll test her DNA in the lab. If you want you can come along and examine her body more in the morgue.”
“I’m sorry,” said Mycroft, looking between the two of them, “do two you have a memory involving pumpkins?”
John took the gift and pulled on the end of the ribbon, untying the bow. He tore open the wrapping paper and found a picture frame containing a picture of him and Sherlock that had been taken only a little while after they met. In it John was looking straight at the camera and smiling, but Sherlock was looking over at John. It was a picture John hadn’t seen in a while, but looking at it now he could suddenly see the love that Sherlock was looking at him with in a way he hadn’t seen when the picture was taken. There was a pure longing and adoration in Sherlock’s eyes that he couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed before.
“Yes, but you won’t, can’t risk injuring the weak,” he spread out his hands, gesturing to himself and his condition.
“Do we have any cases today?” John asked, sitting down across from him and opening the morning paper.
“Here,” said John, leaning back and grabbing the deerstalker hat that was shoved in the corner. He placed it on Sherlock’s head and Sherlock’s frown deepened. “Now you’re a proper detective.” He winked at Greg, who grinned back. Sherlock sighed and reached up to touch the hat. He didn’t take it off before handing John his gift.
Sherlock bent over the body and gave it a final once over. “Great,” he said, “I’m done here if you want to come over now.”
When they reached the landing John and Sherlock exchanged a glance. John was openly grinning and Sherlock was trying very hard to maintain his outwardly prickly demeanor, but in truth, it was barely holding on. In a moment of impulsive excitement John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pulled him up the final flight of stairs. Sherlock tripped after him, not letting go. They bounded upwards together, feet eagerly hitting the stairs.
Sherlock looked at him with disgust. “You are a child,” he said, but John could see him fighting back a grin. He laughed and it was Sherlock’s turn to roll his eyes. He bent back over his snowflake and continued tracing artistic blue lines through the white icing.
John walked up to him, planting a good morning kiss on his cheek and running his fingers through Sherlock’s sleep tousled hair. Sherlock leaned against him for a moment before getting out two mugs, filling one for himself, and handing the other to John. He stirred his sugar into his coffee while John poured himself a cup and they sat down together at the kitchen table. Sherlock slid a newspaper that was sitting across the table towards himself, but frowned when he realized it was the previous day’s paper and tromped downstairs to get the more recent version that was waiting for him by the door.
“First Frozen 2, now this. I’m starting to think I fell in love with a three-year-old,” John said, ruffling Sherlock’s hair and lowering himself into his lap, bringing their faces centimeters apart. “Should I get you a security blanket and a binky too?”
“A trap? Sherlock, this is not a trap. Who would plant mistletoe in our doorway as a trap?” Sherlock took a deep breath, looking like he was about to recite a long list of people who would put mistletoe in their doorway as a trap, but John cut him off before he could begin. “I think it’s pretty clear how this got here,” he said.
He stepped into the hall to call his parents and reassure them that he hadn’t been buried under a snowdrift somewhere. John listened amusedly from his place in the living room and when Sherlock got back he laughed at the expression on his face. “One snowstorm and they think England is falling,” Sherlock muttered and John grinned.
Sherlock looked up from his menu and blinked. He seemed to consider for a moment, then set down his menu and folded his hands in front of him. “Well it depends on how you look at it,” he said. “Technically no, saying ‘I love you’ doesn’t change any sort of chemical make up in your brain. However, actually being in love does release different neurotransmitters than lust or attraction, which are often linked with testosterone and dopamine. You can feel attracted to someone and get lots of dopamine and norepinephrine released in your brain, but not be in love with them. When you fall in ‘love’ per say, you’ll develop an attachment and your brain will produce oxytocin and vasopressin, which factors heavily into long-term relationships, but can also form as a result of, say, parental affection.”
John sighed at Sherlock’s self diagnosis, but knew that he was probably right, so he stood. “Alright, I’m going to get you some water,” he said, “you need to drink lots of fluids today. And don’t get out of bed, you need to rest.”
John got up after a few hours and headed into the kitchen. He opened the fridge for a snack, but realized it was somehow already dinner time an called out to Sherlock, asking if he wanted some soup. “Sure, yes please,” Sherlock called back and John walked to the pantry to pull out a can of vegetable soup. He heated it over the stove and, when it was warm, poured a bowl for himself and a bowl for Sherlock.
They walked down the street in silence, John with his hands shoved moodily in his pockets, and Sherlock with a smug grin. When they reached the café Sherlock smoothly pulled open the door for John and caught his eye, winking haughtily. John glared, but gave him an affectionate shove on the shoulder when they stepped inside and stopped, standing side by side, waiting for the hostess to seat them.
John laughed weakly. “Come here,” he said, wrapping Sherlock into a hug. They stood like that for a moment, Sherlock with his chin resting atop John’s head, John with his arms wrapped around Sherlock’s waist. “I better not find any more burnt human body parts in our kitchen again,” he said, giving Sherlock a final squeeze and pulling back. Sherlock pressed a kiss to his forehead.
Despite his exhaustion, when they got back to Baker Street and hung up their coats John turned to Sherlock and held out his arms. “Alright, come here,” he said and scooped up Sherlock. Sherlock let out a surprised yelp and wrapped his arms around John neck.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the mention of secret Santas but nodded. “Yeah, that would be fine,” he said.  They continued their dinner and followed it with dessert. Halfway through their shared tiramisu Sherlock places his hand on top of John’s and let it rest there, his long slender finger fitting perfectly against John’s strong ones. John felt the soft tips of Sherlock’s fingers tracing patterns on the back of his hand, sending shivers up his spine. As they took the last bites of their tiramisu John wanted to kiss him in front of the entire restaurant, but he knew Sherlock wouldn’t like that, so he refrained.
Fingers interlaced on the back of Sherlock’s neck, John leaned forward further, his shoulders and hips pushed against Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s shoulder blades reached for one another as he arched his back away from the doorframe, curving his torso against John’s. His hands were still on John’s back and he gripped John’s shirt, the fabric bunching in his fingers.
“I am in no way capable of taking care of you the way you’ve taken care of me,” he said, “so don’t go getting sick, ok?”
John spluttered in amazement, first of all this was so out of character for Sherlock, who usually hurtled over all of the usual human necessities to get straight into solving crimes, and second of all, there was a body that needed inspecting! “Well, shouldn’t we be heading out then?”
“Yes, I won’t tell anyone you’re a horrible gift giver and a desperately hopeless boyfriend,” he said.
Sherlock frowned and ran his hand through his curls, trying to neaten them. “Here,” John said, leaning forward and tucking one of Sherlock’s curls back into place. Sherlock smiled gratefully and picked up a book, opening it, but staring off into space instead of reading. He pensively took a sip of his hot chocolate, going over their case from earlier in his mind.
Mycroft pressed his lips together into a prim frown and sat down on the couch, his back perfectly straight and not touching the couch cushions. “No, and if I remember our childhoods correctly you’re not a fan of it either. He refused to go out in it,” Mycroft said to John, “sat by the window and watched us make snowmen, refused to participate.”
“No, boring.” John maneuvered the door closed with his foot and went to the kitchen where he unceremoniously dumped the groceries onto the counter. He then went back into the living room, catching Sherlock’s ball as he did so. He bent over Sherlock so that their chests were parallel and gave him a long kiss. As he began to pull back Sherlock followed him, starting to sit up on his elbows. John broke away and began to rise. “No, stay here. Kiss me again,” said Sherlock.
“Mrs, Hudson,” he said, looking at her over the top of his sweater, “did you make these?” When she nodded several things seemed to click into place in John’s mind. It was in this moment that he gratefully told her she shouldn’t have and Sherlock replied in the affirmative.
“I don’t envy you dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, standing, “best of luck.” She went back downstairs and John headed into the bedroom where Sherlock was hidden behind a large newspaper. When he heard John enter he dropped it, letting the pages spill widely across his lap.
“Nope,” said Sherlock, “extreme heat, we all panic. Lots of snow, we all panic. All we can handle is rain.” They glanced out the window, where the snow had stopped falling, but there were piles of it everywhere. They continued with their soup and slowly the sun set outside. They stayed where they were late into the night as the world turned into a winter wonderland around them.
John deflated, afraid that he had embarrassed him or asked too much. But instead of crossing his arms or closing himself off, Sherlock began digging around his bookshelf. He was shoving books aside and occasionally flipping one open to a random page, before shutting it again with a snap. John, still afraid the he had crossed some invisible line, stayed silent, though internally he was shouting desperately at Sherlock. What did I do, he begged with his mind. But it seemed Sherlock was too consumed to hear him.
John wanted to stop Sherlock on the landing and kiss him into oblivion right there, but fearing the ears of Mrs. Hudson, stopped himself. John could hear his own heart beating, it drowned out the sound of their steps, drowned out the sound of their breath, drowned out the sound of Sherlock turning the door handle to their flat. He pushed open the door, stepping through, and John followed him.
That was too easy, “Uh, huh, really? Because we are at a children’s film,” John said. They looked at each other indignantly, but John smiled and leaned his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as the movie began to play.
“He looks at little sad,” said John, stepping back to assess they’re handiwork. Sherlock, who was standing behind John, wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders and rested his chin on the top of his head.
“Oh it’s fine, we all have crazy stories from college. That girl over there,” he gestured to a college aged girl with his fork who was eating lasagne halfway across the restaurant, “is sleeping with her professor
“Molly,” said Mrs. Hudson, cutting her off “I like it a lot, thank you.” Molly’s chest seemed to deflate in relief. She nodded, as if she was reassuring herself.
“Oh. I must have deleted that information in favor of something else,” he said. John made annoyed eye contact with Lestrade, who seemed amused by this exchange.
It was the sound, John realized, of how Sherlock felt when they’d finally closed the gap between themselves. It was inquisitive, but intoxicated, entirely consumed by this new thing that it was exploring. There was a fervor, a need, almost a hunger, in the music. With a start John realized that Sherlock was mapping out their relationship with sound, weaving the story of how he fell in love. When the tune eased the music became softer and John recognized where they were now. He could hear the quiet mornings and the unspoken affection. Slowly the song drifted downwards, settling on his shoulders like a blanket, reaching its end.
They ordered a minute later and the serious tone that had overtaken their meal lifted. John, eager to change the subject, looked over at Sherlock and raised his eyebrows. “So,” he said, “I still cannot get over that fact that my so-called dark and mysterious boyfriend is taking me to a film for children.”
“Of course,” said Sherlock. It seemed for a moment that everyone else in the room disappeared and it was just the two of them, holding each other close. Sherlock lifted his head a few moments later. “Shall I play some Christmas carols?” he asked.
For a long time the only sound was the sound of the snow hitting the roof, the clock ticking on the mantle, and the synchronized breathing of John and Sherlock, occasionally interrupted by the sound of a page turning. The snow seemed to have muffled the entire world and the usual sounds of car horns and people talking on cell phones had died away, leaving only the sounds contained within the little world of 221B Baker Street.
“Lestrade told him,” Sherlock answered before Mycroft could. Mycroft looked like he was going to deny it, but decided against protesting and remained silent. John raised his eyebrows and looked between them again. The two brothers seemed to be sizing each other up, though for what, John didn’t know. But before either could say anything more Molly bustled out, clutching a stack of paper to her chest, and smiled at them.
John and Sherlock sat down across from each other and she left them, letting them know their waiter would be with them shortly before turning away. The picked up their menus and Sherlock began perusing his, but John couldn’t seem to focus on the words on the page. Instead he furtively watched Sherlock over the top of his menu, while Sherlock mentally debated his many lunch options.
They stepped up to the counter a few minutes later, hands tucked firmly together, to order. “Two hot chocolates,” John said. The girl behind the counter nodded and typed their order into the register.
John smiled and shook his head, “yes, I think it would.” He stood and went into the kitchen, where he put the kettle on and grabbed a few cookies from the batch they had made the other day. He straightened up around the kitchen while he waited for the kettle and when it was ready he poured the hot water into the two waiting mugs. When the tea was ready, earl grey for him, lemon and ginger for the flu-addled Sherlock, he brought the mugs, along with the plate of cookies, back into the living room, where Sherlock had begun folding the pages of the newspaper into giant paper cranes. The was one sitting on the floor next to him, and a second was being formed in his hands.
Sherlock leaned forward with his eyebrows raised, eagerly waiting to see what the gift they had consulted Mycroft on turned out to be. John was also curious, though less overtly so than Sherlock. Greg unwrapped a blue tie, printed with tiny umbrellas. Greg smiled and squeezed Mycroft’s hand. John nodded and looked at Sherlock who smiled up at him. Greg cleared his throat and Sherlock looked at him. “It’s time for you to give me my gift?”
Sherlock looked at him, his fork paused midway through twirling his pasta. “John,” his voice came out like a breath of air, “I’m scandalized.” It was John’s turn to look sheepish. He took a bite of his chicken, hoping that chewing would somehow slow his heart rate down. Instead he almost choked when Sherlock nudged his foot under the table and asked with a quirked eyebrow, “were there more guys or girls?”
“Mmm, I don’t think I can. I think I just radiate a cool, mysterious aura and there’s nothing anyone can do about it,” Sherlock said. They stepped from the pavement on to the crosswalk and John contemplated pushing him in front of a car as they began walking across the street. “Besides,” Sherlock said, “I thought you liked how cool and mysterious I am.”
Sherlock nodded solemnly and placed his hands together in their position of prayer, as he did when he was thinking. “Well, get him something you know he’ll like, something related to an interest of his,” John said, “and nothing too flashy, you don’t want him to be embarrassed or intimidated.” Mycroft nodded, looking grateful but still incredibly uncomfortable at the fact that he was even asking this question.
To John’s surprise, rather than continuing walking, Sherlock glanced around for a moment before pulling him into a previously hidden corner. Somehow, Sherlock had found a pocket of quiet darkness off the side of the bright, busy street. For a moment John could see the wave of people and the glow of the street lamps over Sherlock’s shoulder, before his view was blocked by Sherlock, who leaned in to kiss him.
He grabbed spoons and headed back to living room where Sherlock had set his book facedown on the armrest and was waiting, knees tucked up to his chin, for John. John handed his bowl and sat back down, cross legged, in his chair. They ate their soup and John updated him on how the blog was going. Sherlock, after checking his phone, realized he had missed several calls from his parents and texts from Mycroft saying “mum and dad are worried, call them please.” And a few minutes later “call them goddamn it!”
“You’re grumpy attitude is a parasite,” John said, sliding his hand around Sherlock’s waist and guiding his away from Mrs. Hudson’s door. Sherlock continued muttering about how mistletoe sucks water and nutrients from trees.
England had gone back to its usual rainy self overnight and turned the snow that had trapped John and Sherlock inside yesterday into slush. The streets of London, gray as ever, were now filled with watery, half melted snow. Cars raced past, sending up waves of the stuff onto passersby. John peered out of the window to see a dreary city, no more hospitable than it had been yesterday. His breath clouded on the window, blocking his view. He turned away and headed to the kitchen to get himself a cup of tea and some breakfast.
“Don’t eat my toast,” he said, pointing at John before heading into the bedroom. John leaned over and took a bite of his toast.
“Well, still. I apologize for interrupting your Christmas Eve. Enjoy your holidays,” he said, turning away and getting into his car.
When he had the water, he went back to the bedroom and handed Sherlock the glass. Sherlock took a sip and set it on his bedside table. “I’ve put the kettle on,” John said, “some lemon and ginger tea is in order. When that’s done I’m going to go out and getting you some medicine.”
“Ok, do you want whipped cream on that hot chocolate?” She asked. John looked up at Sherlock, eyebrows raised, curious what he would say. He shot a look at John before nodding. “Yes, please.”
“I guess we are.” Lestrade nodded and went off the check in with the other investigators. They all worked in silence, John and Sherlock by the body, Lestrade, Anderson, and the other investigators examining the scene of the crime. Eventually Sherlock called Lestrade over to explain his theories and deductions and Lestrade nodded along, John scribbling his notes as Sherlock talked.
“No, no. I don’t need to sit down. I just, I need to get some water I think.” She pushed open the door and left the morgue. When she was gone John turned to glare at the two brothers.
“It was worth a shot,” he muttered. John rolled his eyes and got up to make toast for the two of them. A few minutes later he placed a plate in front of Sherlock, who grunted a “thanks,” and continued pouting about his paper. They ate their breakfast in silence, Sherlock eventually opening his phone to skim the news.
On the walk home they kept their hands in their pockets and walked with a bit of a gap between them, but John could feel the looks Sherlock kept shooting him and he couldn’t resist walking closely to Sherlock a few times, letting their shoulders brush for an instant. He made a game of it eventually, letting his shoulder bump against Sherlock’s, but skittering to the other side of the pavement when Sherlock looked over. He teased Sherlock with it the entire way home, refusing meet his eyes, but feeling a rush go through his body every time they touched. At one point when there was no one else on the street Sherlock reached out and grabbed him by the elbow, pulling him to his side and keeping him there, still looking straight ahead as he did so.
“So,” said Sherlock, “that’s that.” He sat down in his chair, holding his violin in his lap. His feet tapped the floor, like his was sitting in a waiting room or on a bus. He was often like this after solving a particular kind of case, the kind that was difficult to work out, but didn't require much running around chasing after clues. They seemed to leave him feeling a little lost, like he didn’t quite know what to do with his brain now that it had finished working.
He had a burn in the back of his throat and he sat up, leaning past John to cough into his elbow. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and laid back down onto his pillow. “How are you feeling?” John asked, furrowing his brow and placing a hand once again of Sherlock’s forehead.
“Wait,” John said, “lets not go home just yet.” Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion as the cab pulled up beside the pavement. “Lets go down to Oxford Street and see then Christmas lights,” John clarified.
He flicked on the TV, where the news was still playing, and turned his attention to the newscaster. There were still delays all across London and the surrounding areas and people on Twitter were having a meltdown. “Christ, England is falling,” John said, “we cannot deal with weather in this country can we?”
John smoothed Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead and squeezed his hand before heading downstairs. As he was getting his coat on Mrs. Hudson came out and saw him.
“So then, when he stabbed her, it ended up-” Sherlock stopped talking abruptly. John and Sherlock had been walking up the stairs to their flat, Sherlock prattling on animatedly about a case, when they rounded the corner on the landing and Sherlock silenced suddenly and stared at their door. John, who had been watching Sherlock and not paying attention to much else, turned to see why he had stopped. The door to their flat was hanging open and dangling from the doorframe was a sprig of mistletoe.
John rose early, after spending the night once again in his cold and empty upstairs bedroom, and wandered down to a quiet flat a few minutes later. Sherlock wasn’t in the living room or the kitchen, so John knocked gently on on their bedroom door and opened it softly when Sherlock called for him to come in. Sherlock was sitting up in bed, surrounded by pillows, reading a book.
After a while they reach a less busy area and the Christmas lights turned from huge displays into smaller strings put up in shop windows and wrapped around trees. The noises died down a little as the street became less crowded and eventually John stopped and looked up a Sherlock. “Should we get a cab to go home?” he asked.
“You know,” said Sherlock after a moment, and John was surprised to find that his tone wasn’t entirely mocking, “studies have shown that people feel closer to their partners when they are given gifts that remind the gift receiver of the gift giver. So if you two share a memory involving pumpkins or something, get him a gift with pumpkins on it.”
“Yeah, of course,” she said and told the dog to sit. After holding out his hand for the dog to sniff for a moment Sherlock handed John his candy cane and knelt down.
“When we found her, she had absolutely no identification,” Lestrade had said, “no ID, no driver’s license, not even a phone.” This may have presented a challenge for the police but Sherlock had shrugged and strode forward to where the body was lying. He crouched down next to it without a word and everyone else went off to search the surrounding area for clues as to her, or her killer’s, identity. John and Lestrade stuck close to Sherlock and the body, John to take notes and assist Sherlock if he asked for it, and Lestrade to keep an eye on Sherlock. They were in a sort of alley or courtyard behind a cluster of buildings. Trash cans were pushed against the walls and there was a stench of rotted garbage in the air.
“Was that really necessary?” he snapped. Mycroft had the decency to look a bit shamefaced but Sherlock continued his inspection of the corpse without a reaction. “I mean, must you two really be so mean to her? You,” he said, pointing at Mycroft “need to leave. And you,” he turned to Sherlock “need to apologize to Molly when she gets back.”
“I know,” said Greg, “that one’s for when the newspapers photograph you looking like a proper detective.” John snorted and Sherlock scowled up at him. Everyone else was suppressing amused grins.
John buried his face in his hands, shaking his head as Sherlock looked delightedly on. “I can’t believe I just admired to that,” he muttered into his palms. Sherlock twined his long fingers around his fork, wrapping his past into a neat swirl.
There was a chorus of yeses and yes pleases from around the room. He stood and picked up his violin from the corner. Resting it beneath his chin, he placed the bow to the strings and began to play “Carol of the Bells.” Everyone leaned back, settling in to listen to the song. When “Carol of the Bells” ended Sherlock moved on the “Joy to the World,” smoothly transitioning from one song to the other. They all sat like that for a while, enjoying the music and each other’s company and the Christmas spirit.
Mycroft pursed his lips into a dignified frown and Sherlock looked at her blankly, but John smiled. Molly clasped her hands in front of her in expectant excitement, but seeing Sherlock’s blank look, continued. “You know, when you draw a name out of a hat and get that person a gift and we all-“
“John, how is that relevant right now?” John frowned and Sherlock resumed examining the body, who seems to have fallen, or been pushed, from the inside of a shop window onto the street outside. According to Lestrade, who brought John up to date on the case as Sherlock analyzed the body for clues, the shop itself had also been burgled and there were several valuable items missing.
John stared at him in amazement, though not because Sherlock somehow knew about her lack of plans. “Mycroft’s right,” he said, “you are getting soft in your relationship addled state.”
Sherlock rolled over to face him, their faces pressed close together and John gave him a quick kiss before humming the chorus as it came on. Sherlock smiled and gazed sleepily at him, whispering some of the words. They laid facing each other, noses and foreheads pressed together, until the song ended and John got up to look out the window at the snow. It had slowed and from the living room window he could almost see the building across the street. “Has it gotten any lighter?” Sherlock called, appearing in the hallway, swathed in his silken maroon dressing gown, his hair lightly tousled.
A few days later, they were coming back from Scotland Yard after being informed about a possible new case. Sherlock was clearly excited. Cases were coming very often recently and while this was nice it also brought some downside. The press was craving more and more juicy news about the mysterious Sherlock Holmes and John’s blog wasn’t enough.
They stared at each other for a few seconds before Sherlock gave up, which seriously surprised John. John went to get his first aid kit. He then pulled a chair next to Sherlock’s armchair, and his first aid kit on his laps, he cautiously started to look for the wound again. Sherlock had his eyes closed, but his breathing was much quieter. John ran his hand through Sherlock’s smooth black hair before finally founding the wound. He let out a loud sigh when he realised it wasn’t bad. He cleaned up the wound and put some antiseptic on it. Once he was done, he noticed that Sherlock was asleep. John smiled to himself before putting everything in place again. He gently put one of the couch’s blanket on Sherlock before going to his room. He felt very tired and fell asleep very quickly.
He looked at Sherlock who was still staring at the ceiling. John was shifting awkwardly in his seat, not knowing what to say. While his nightmares memories were gone, he could still remember the feelings. He was craving for Sherlock to say anything just to have the complete confirmation that he was real, and here, and alive.
This time it happened to John. He could not see himself, but he was one hundred percent sure that he had just blushed. It was stupid of him because Sherlock had certainly not meant that as a compliment, yet it was so unexpected and kind. John cleared his throat nervously.
The man didn’t move and he was still looking terrified. John too anxious, moved forward and took him in his arms.
A firm grip caught him suddenly and pulled him into some random house. The door closed, John’s back pressured against it, a hand gripping his right wrist and Sherlock’s beautiful face in front of him.
John remained silent for a moment, staring at Sherlock. Strangely, there was no pain or sadness on his face. Or he was very good at hiding it. He was waiting, curiously, John’s answer.
Sherlock came nearer and nearer and nearer until his lips were on John’s. It was soft and shy, but it made John smiled. He kissed him back trying to be gentle even if he was burning inside with passion. Sherlock slowly moved away, a big smile on his face. John smiled too and realised that it was happening again.
Sherlock stern gaze had now left the ceiling to focus on his new prey. John knew he was being analyzed by a still messy looking Sherlock.
Sherlock finally woke up, one hour after the sun rose. John was in the kitchen, making himself breakfast. He was relieved that Sherlock didn’t wake up under his stare. John wasn’t himself sure why, but he didn’t want Sherlock to know that he had creepily watched him for hours.
The moment, Erin, had stepped into their flat, Sherlock had been unpleasant. It wasn’t really Sherlock’s behaviours that surprised John, but more how quickly he had lost his temper. It had been a while since John had brought a new girlfriend, and he had believed that Sherlock social skills, especially with strangers, had become better. But he was wrong. John saw Erin a few times before the case when she managed to stop the murderer by throwing a bedside lamp at him. It was luck surely, but also very quick reflex. Yet, Sherlock haven’t even thank her and instead got mad because she put the guy unconscious.
He felt the man tense before relaxing and letting out a long breath. Sherlock arms slowly went to hug John back. They stayed like that for a while, in a silent dark room, letting their embrace talk.
He woke up in horror, tears in his eyes, a few hours after. He had had a bad dream. A bloody nightmare. Sherlock had died. Everything was fuzzy and he couldn’t quite remember why and how it happened. Yet, John could still feel very vividly his heart-wrenching. He stood up and he immediately went downstairs, almost running. Sherlock was still here, eyes closed and slowly breathing.
John came back with a cup of coffee in his hand and some pancakes. It was luck that they had enough ingredients to make something eatable. He surely had to thank Mrs Hudson for that.
Sherlock was in his bed sitting, breathing loudly and his head in his hands. John came to his side and sat at the edge of the bed, not wanting to invade his privacy. Yet, he couldn’t stay away when the man he cared so much about, was clearly in a bad state. He wanted to hug him, or talk, but he was afraid to do or say the wrong thing.
Sherlock shut him up with a stare and they both waited like that for a moment. John’s heart was beating so fast and he couldn’t look anywhere else that at Sherlock’s, too close, face. Sherlock was frowning looking at the door, probably waiting to know when they would be free to go. John then realised that Sherlock's hand was now gently holding his hand, his thumb stroking John’s skin. And then it happened once again. This innocent gesture made John blush and he was trying to conceal it, but Sherlock wasn’t stopping and now John was focusing on how close Sherlock’s lips were and how he could just kiss him, now.
Sherlock pushed John’s hand away and gave him a stare. John was still crouching next to him, confused.
A second passed, and then … Sherlock smiled. Except that smile seemed different, but John couldn’t quite figure out why. It was only when Sherlock stood up to pick something from his room that John  realised what was different about this smile. Sherlock didn’t just smile, he also blushed.
John went around the bed and sat down next to Sherlock. He put a pillow behind his back and rested his head against the wall. Sherlock had lied down again and he was watching John with an intense look. John smiled at him and saw Sherlock’s right hand patting nervously the sheets. With a gentle smile, he took Sherlock hands in his and he began to stroke it with his thumb. Sherlock was still looking at him like he was memorizing every part of his appearance.
It was the middle of the night when John woke up suddenly not knowing why. He brushed a hand through his hair and felt the urge to pee. He silently went downstairs to the bathroom. He was washing his hands, his eyes closing themselves when he suddenly heard a scream. He froze in terror before his reflex kicked in. He left the bathroom in a hurry and not bothering knocking, he stormed inside Sherlock’s room.
When Sherlock released him, John immediately missed his arms around him. He didn’t say anything and only looked at Sherlock who had his eyes closed. He wasn’t sleeping, but John knew that he was in deep thoughts. When he opened his eyes, he had a very different look.
John was typing his last blog article sitting at the living room desk while Sherlock was doing … something lying down on the couch. He had his thinking face and John presume that he was once again in his mind palace, probably cleaning it after resolving their last case.
The moment his word came out of his mouth, he regretted it. Some journalists heard him and quickly everyone was looking in his direction. He started to run, trying to catch up on Sherlock. He couldn’t see the detective, but he knew which direction he took. The journalists were now running after him, screaming questions and taking photos. This was starting to get ridiculous.
John was sleeping. The flat was silent. Sherlock had left a bit earlier that evening, excited for a potential new case, and John had fallen asleep in his armchair waiting for him.
John tried, and failed, to forget why he had reacted that way to Sherlock’s words. He finally decided to put this on his surprise even though deep down, he knew he was lying to himself.
A few steps and then a door opening loudly woke John up. He looked around, quick on his leg, but it was only Sherlock. Sherlock who looked like a complete mess. His usual cloak was so dirty that it almost changed colour. Sherlock was panting, quite loudly. He collapsed on his armchair, looking away from John’s glaze.
At some point John returned from his place the floor to his chair across from Sherlock. Sherlock collected his fallen lab report and resumed reading it. Both silently agreed not to acknowledge what had just happened and instead stop sneaking around behind Mrs. Hudson’s back. In just one day Mrs. Hudson had given them handmade Christmas sweaters and her stamp of approval on their relationship and it was with these gifts that Sherlock and John continued their lives, at once the same and completely changed.
"Come on," she whispered impatiently, "I know you can do it. You were suckling before. It's just like your dummy, sweetheart, come on..."
She tried to make her answering smile as reassuring as possible. She knew John would never have forgiven himself if he'd inadvertently trapped Sherlock in a painful position. The regressed detective had been strapped into the booster for a good fifteen minutes, at least.
"Hmm... No, it's not so much pretend," John corrected her with a thoughtful look at Sherlock, whose hand was back in his mouth.
He remained mildly terrified of the idea of John knowing about him, despite wanting so badly and for so long to tell him. Otherwise, the prospect of seeing something in the programme that could help John make that mental leap should have been zealously welcomed.
After a few breaths through the mask, Sherlock felt better and quieted down. He opened his eyes, easier this time - and his gaze looked a little sharper, his caretakers noted.
Oh, John. Trying to get him out of the house, then. Fearing for Sherlock's sanity being so cut off from the imbecilic socialites who made the world go 'round.
Sherlock jumped when he was snapped out of his thoughts. John, satisfied, took his own seat. Sherlock shifted to hands and knees, paused, and stood. He joined John without another word. They ate in silence, John graciously recognising that Sherlock needed time to pull his thoughts together.
Observing Sherlock sidelong, she asked John, "What are we dealing with for the next few days, then?"
The baby woke late in the morning, lethargic, with glazed eyes. Yesterday's elation over being sent back home with Daddy now gave way to the horrendous low of withdrawal. Baby was going to be
Just when John was thinking Sherlock was still awfully responsive for such an ill, exhausted baby, he turned to look and saw that Sherlock had at last succumbed to sleep.
He knew it would hurt so much more if John failed in that, but... he wouldn't find out how this would end without a leap of faith.
I'm trying to keep the two new ones as brief as possible so that I can post them ASAP, so look for those coming soon. :3
I'm not sure how this entry managed to wind up so full of penis and potty talk. It just... sort of happened. I must live a far more phallic existence than I previously realised.
So it appeared Sherlock did forget to amend a detail or two when he cleaned up after himself. John, like most people, tended to keep the TV much louder than Sherlock found comfortable. Sherlock watched telly so rarely that changing the volume back and forth never became much of an issue between them. But that meant John would notice for certain that Sherlock used the TV today.
Not that he had an overwhelming urge to be closer to the world in general. Quite the reverse. But John's tolerances were so much more... normal, so much more pedestrian than Sherlock was capable of conforming to. John, in a way, was 'the rest of the world' to Sherlock.
John helped him take a bite, and then another, feeding him with utmost patience as Sherlock's tired mind and body jointly protested eating too quickly.
Sherlock was unbearably anxious about their impending discussion, but, on the bright side, things were already going far better than he could have hoped for - embarrassing tearful breakdown aside, of course.
Unsure how to respond, Sherlock shrugged. He didn't have any specific pains, other than achey eyes from crying and some soreness in his throat from throwing up. The rest was more a vague, heavy ache that pervaded his entire body. Maybe still a bit of nausea too, but nowhere near as bad as before.
Both of Sherlock's arms being up and occupied left his waist clear for John to step over and undo Sherlock's belt and fly. John had his boy step completely out of his grown-up trousers now that he was in his Little space, and hung them neatly over the towel rack.
Peeling off her coat and hanging it on one of the pegs on the back of the door to the landing, Mary said, "Yeah, I saw his list. Looks like we'll be getting in that parenting practise after all, then. I'm going to go make sure Mrs. Hudson doesn't think we're murdering him up here. I'll be back in a bit."
Sensing this was especially important, Sherlock struggled to force his headspace forward enough to be able to use words for Daddy.
"Ooh," Sherlock made an intrigued, breathy exclamation, almost too quiet for John to hear, and stopped in his tracks.
Daddy said I should post my last texts to Molly here because I was kind of in Little mode when I sent them and they're amusing.
In the meantime, I will upload what was going to be today's corresponding chapter in this story's sister fic, "Extended Scenes from Sherlock's Little Blog" (posted as Part 2 of this series), so you all have some new Little Sherlock to read despite the technical difficulties here.
Tell me, where is Mycroft, for I much desire to speak with him? (Or would it be 'where is Gladstone' and 'A Balrog of Mycroft'?)
Sherlock gasped as feeling returned to the spot. His bellybutton relaxed into a slightly stretched, swollen, and flushed version of its pre-clamped appearance. The swelling would eventually go down, and the stretching was only temporary. For now, the nerve endings there felt very abused and over-sensitive.
Sherlock chewed his lip and considered leaving the safety of his room long enough to grab a bowl of soup. He could take it back to his room and eat the orange mush as though it was puréed baby food.
- Got a cut on my right knee and minor chemical burn on three fingers of my right hand, and refused to tell Daddy what chemical I used. He was able to guess correctly, though.
He heard John shift his weight, could nearly hear him frowning. "Are you sure? I didn't see you come out and get anything."
Daddy bent down and kissed Sherlock on the forehead. "Okay, Daddy will do it. Be a good boy now and stay still for me while I do this."
In the meantime, this came to me as a tidbit I considered adding to "Loom", but I didn't have the patience to wait until I'd completed recoding work on it to add this on. So for now it goes here instead. Enjoy!
"Sorry," Mary murmured in a genuinely apologetic voice, "I'll wait out there. Bring me everything that needs washing when you're done."
"Alright," John said, still terse, "I see your point. But I don't think we should talk about this in front of him. He internalises a lot when he's little, and I'm the one who has to deal with his mood swings from it."
"Thank goodness for that," John muttered. Thanks to Sherlock, he knew firsthand what forty-eight hours of total dehydration looked like. Seeing it was just as scary as any written medical description. "Anything else?"
Feeling dazed, Sherlock ripped open the chilly, damp cracker pack, fresh from the fridge, and crumbled the stale saltines into his soup.
Daddy held tight, one hand under Sherlock's bum and the other arm wrapped around the baby's back. Taking slow steps since it was difficult to see around his burden, Daddy carried Sherlock to the bathroom.
"Hey there, little boy," John murmured lovingly and rubbed Sherlock's chest to help wake him up fully. "You're stabilised now, so you're getting a short feeding. How does that sound, hm? Good job sleeping for so long."
John switched off the stove, saying again as he plated up the last of breakfast, "Go on. Go get dressed, then come back and eat."
Daddy took work this weekend in exchange for the rest of the week off after Monday, so we aren't exactly able to have a Little weekend. Daddy's promised we'll start first thing on Tuesday because, he says, I worried him with how clingy I was last night. I did fuss a bit after he came home yesterday.
That, specifically, was mother-henning. If keeping quiet through three hours of documentary wasn't tough, John knew the amount of sheer propaganda in the news reports would be enough to rile Sherlock to the point of sleeplessness.
God knows why, but whatshisface managed to book the dinner at a musty old estate out in the middle of nowhere, which forced more than half the attendees to stay overnight in nearby hotels because the drive out there was so ridiculously long.
John and Mary stared at him cautiously while he stared back and cried. Whether Sherlock's outburst was in direct response to Mary, or a mindless expression of frustration, was anyone's guess.
Then, with sweet, muffled coo, Sherlock relaxed and released a spray of urine all over John's right sleeve.
An airy near-burp escaped Sherlock's lips, and John patted his stomach a few times to help things along.
Ignoring him, John and Mary set to work on his body. Dallying meant valuable minutes wasted, and it was in the best interest of Sherlock's health to get him back inside the incubator as soon as possible.
He coaxed a groggy, uncoordinated Sherlock into a sitting position on the edge of the mattress, holding him close so they were chest to chest. John rubbed and patted Sherlock's bare back, gently burping him. Sherlock slumped against Daddy gratefully, soaking up the attention.
Unable to roll onto his front for all the devices attached to him and the narrowness of the cot, Sherlock relaxed as best he could into the rhythms of the machinery surrounding him and dropped into a light doze.
John grazed the corner of Sherlock's mouth gently with a knuckle. Sherlock's head turned toward it and his mouth opened, seeking. John reached over to do the same at the other side of Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock's head jerked in that direction.
They were on the second half of the hiking loop, and John was eager to get Sherlock indoors before he got a chance to sunburn. He knew Sherlock would want to spend time on the swingset before they left, and the park's swings were in a relatively sunny spot. He'd dressed Sherlock for the balmy summer temperature, in a tee shirt and cute khaki shortalls, so their outing had to be managed around the delicately-estimated timeframe in which Sherlock's exposed skin would be safe.
into my diaper whilst recuperating last week, so I need to log off now to go practise some behaviour modification by way of a hard-bound chemistry text to the back of John's head. 'Accidentally' as I pass by, of course.
Which reminds me, of all the diabolical things... I haven't gone out most of this past week because I haven't really been able to be in big boy pants. Nearly had a few more 'accidents', especially almost every time I drank coffee. I'm still not eating as regularly as Daddy wants, true, but it got to the point where I suspected John was slipping something into my coffee.
"Good boy," Martin stood back to let him up, and grabbed a baby wipe to clean him off with. Then, he encouraged his Little one, "Go put a sticker on your chart!"
Sherlock's breath hitched just briefly, but he managed to not start crying again. Instead, he bashfully averted his eyes, looking at John's hand feeding him the bottle as he drained his last few sips.
Mary nodded. The implication of sensory triggers and flashbacks to being shot and resuscitated hung in the air like a dreadful, shadowy, vengeful ghost, but she was grateful they were past having shouting matches over it.
Crying and fussing, Sherlock tried to latch onto the couch in spite of John wrapped around him from behind, struggling to pin the younger man to the floor.
The probabilities were too balanced. Enjoying his solitude, or mother-henning?  Even his motivation for inviting Sherlock to watch telly could have pointed either way. Either John thought it would cheer Sherlock up (despite past failures, the dear doctor still tried), or John's social nature simply had him in the mood for companionship after watching telly alone every other night.
After another listen with the stethoscope while Sherlock's heart calmed down, John rubbed a bit of sweet-smelling oil into his hands and slowly massaged it into Sherlock's skin. He rubbed all around Sherlock's belly, then chest, over each arm in turn, and down each leg. Baby Sherlock hummed appreciatively.
He eyed Sherlock critically and said, "I think you should go to bed. We can talk about this in the morning, okay?"
Mary took the soiled bib from him and went to rinse it in the kitchen sink, where she left it to deal with later; as long as it was rinsed enough it didn't smell so strongly that it made her nauseous too. She returned with both dry and soapy, wet kitchen papers which John accepted gratefully and used to finish cleaning Sherlock.
"Shhh, it's okay now. You just need to get better, alright? Daddy still loves you." John blushed even as he said it. He only ever said 'I love you' to Sherlock when the younger was regressed. The words didn't feel as weighty when he was saying them to his baby. But saying them with Mary in the room was quite another thing.
Martin almost fell asleep again in the stretch of silence that followed, nearly falling back off his elbows. He caught himself as he started to fall, the alarming sensation of loss of balance startling him fully out of his doze.
He watched John's expression change; John definitely noticed Sherlock looked more unwell than he did an hour ago.
John glanced at Mary. She'd raised her eyebrows at the sound too, covering her shocked gawping with her palm.
John gathered up the dishes when they finished and set about rinsing them in the sink. Sherlock sat back and wrapped his dressing gown tighter, listening half to the rush of the faucet and half to the imaginary buzz of his thinking colliding with John's someplace in the empty air between them.
Humming sleepily, Sherlock stretched and felt a leaf stuck in his hair crinkle between his head and the headboard of the bed. Daddy must have left it there on purpose.
Sighing, "I'm sorry, Sherlock, but you can't take those off," John positioned each of Sherlock's arms in turn near the sides of the cot and fastened the padded cuffs around slender wrists.
John carefully cradled the back of Sherlock's skull and tipped his head back. Sherlock's eyes were shut, his breathing shallow again like it had been all throughout the night.
John found the Union Jack pillow and handed it to her so that she could cushion her head and settle back.
Predictably, Sherlock immediately turned and disappeared into the kitchen. John heard a bit of rummaging around, then a drawer shutting far too forcefully not to chip paint, and then a long, suspicious silence.
But, on the upside, it made John all the more eager to kick Mycroft out as quickly as possible and I didn't have to talk to my brother at all. Daddy told me to stay in my room and made sure Mycroft stayed well away.
John hated to have to manhandle Sherlock when he was Little, but sometimes the baby was just too stubborn. John kept trying to get the dropper between Sherlock's lips until Sherlock blocked him with both felted pink mitts.
He listened to John finish washing up, feeling a twinge of guilt for leaving John to do the work. Leaving dirty dishes was yet another reason Sherlock disliked eating. If John was ever his Daddy, there would be bottles and pacifiers and soft-tipped spoons to wash... possibly on an almost daily basis, depending on how often John fed him. Even if Sherlock insisted on only having water on some days, that would be taken from a bottle, and by the end of the day even that would need to be cleaned.
John sighed heavily. He resumed eating. Curious, Sherlock turned bleary eyes on John and saw the doctor wearing a pensive look as he chewed.
With the fresh nappy snug around Sherlock's hips, John unfolded a long garment and began to dress the baby from the bottom up, slipping him into a fleecy babygrow. The extra-warm clothing choice was almost certainly a sign that today the baby was going to be removed from his incubator for the first time. Sherlock grunted in curiosity, his tongue making a clumsy appearance and accidentally popping his dummy free. Daddy watched it drop with an adoring
What else... I have a couple of pram toys attached to the bars of my cot now. There's a baby music box I know I had during my first childhood that I would like to find again to put in the cot too. And perhaps a mobile would be nice. And one of those A-frame toy bars for the floor, that I can lie under... I have a wishlist, and that's just the beginning. What I don't have is enough physical space for everything I want, so Daddy gets to deliberate what wishlist items I'll eventually have.
In fact, John thought, with a heart monitor at their disposal, and Sherlock's lungs sounding okay from the front, there wasn't much need to take another listen so soon anyway. John rubbed his boy's chest soothingly before stepping away.
Pressing Sherlock's pelvis to the bed with one hand and fishing for a fresh nappy from the package with the other, John groused, "I know, hang on. Just give me a minute, and you can roll anywhere you want."
His pulse pitter-pattering in a dizzyingly confused rhythm, Sherlock, light-headed, exhaled with what felt like the last of his strength, "Yes."
Already sluggish as an after effect of the rest of that week - of dealing with a solid backlog of months-worth of stress-processing hitting him all at once - Sherlock feeling his Littleness descending didn't help either. The bites he took were tiny, timid. Soon his world narrowed to this; to nibbling from John's hand like a small animal being rehabilitated, who was only beginning to trust its new caretaker.
Pretend-John chuckled and stood, drawing away to the door and beckoning with his fingers for Sherlock to follow.
uncovering the source of the issue may be another story. It seems Daddy felt guilty once he realised he'd been bottle-feeding me the very thing that was making me ill.
Sherlock held his adult-sized pacifier with the cherry red mouth guard. It sat on his skin innocuously between the two men, silent and inanimate yet screaming at the same time.
"No, you didn't hurt them," John agreed. "But how would you feel if a big, scary animal was up in your face and wouldn't go away, hm? Like a dinosaur or something?"
Sherlock shuddered and anxiously watched the spot where Mary had stood for some time after she'd gone. He flinched again when a plastic bin liner flew in from the hall.
Thankfully, Sherlock stilled at that. Despite the mitts, which certainly wouldn't taste good, he stuck his fingers in his mouth.
A diaper and his bedtime outfit were already laid out on the bed. Sherlock lied on his back with his bottom in the diaper, and he 'watched' Daddy snug it around him and tape it up. Sherlock sat up to adjust it. His onesie went on, the crotch snapped securely over his diaper, and Daddy insisted Sherlock's booties went on as well. The booties were simply pastel ankle-length socks that matched the little blue sheep and clouds on Sherlock's patterned white onesie.
John tugged the blue tee shirt over Sherlock's head and tossed it over the towel bar, then produced the tiny silver key to Sherlock's baby mitts from his jeans pocket and released Sherlock's hands.
Comments make me smile!  Even if I can't read/reply to them right away. Thanks for sticking with me through the long hiatuses!
"Good boy," Pretend-John praised him before walking out to the hall. Sherlock got up onto his knees to open the door and follow.
The measuring stick came flying across the living room and hit the wall between the front windows with a harsh, wooden
If John decided he didn't want any part of Sherlock's second childhood, Sherlock knew he could go back to hiding it. He could keep it behind closed doors as he did for years already. He would just be much, much more disappointed and lonely than before.
Sherlock itched to peek back at John. His body buzzed so heavily with the intent that it was distracting.
For some reason, behind his fierce protectiveness, suspicion also rose in John's chest like a suffocating breath of noxious gas. He was quick to demand, "Yeah? Was that before or after you came in here?"
They carried a pliant Sherlock back to the cot, where they stripped him down to his nappy once more. John massaged Sherlock's slightly swollen tummy, provoking some settling sounds from the baby's awakening gut. When the gurgles and grumbles passed, John took another listen with the stethoscope, starting with Sherlock's lungs before moving the bell down to eavesdrop on his intestines. Everything sounded perfectly normal.
John moved in to hug him again. Sherlock felt the doctor stiffen against him, and then John drew back with a frightfully concerned look that confused Sherlock.
Sherlock's mouth fell open in not quite a gasp. When he closed it again, his smile looked sweeter, his expression completely open. He looked
Immediately jumping to his own defence, Sherlock blurted, "I haven't touched it. It's still..." He turned once more to glare in a way that John knew meant he was simultaneously impressed with John's sneakiness and mortified he'd walked right into it. "Oh."
I deserve at least one addiction, though. It's been so long since John let me smoke that last week I had a dream that I was having a cigarette. I could almost taste it when I woke up.
of John setting his chair down next to Sherlock's. Sherlock looked up as John sat facing him and pulled Sherlock's lukewarm breakfast closer.
Pretend-John dissolved in the wake of the incident, Sherlock's senses on high alert leaving him unable to relax into that quiet spot in his mind where Daddy came to him.
When John undid the buckle behind the seat, Sherlock didn't bolt or struggle. He sat quietly, watching his Daddy with wide, puffy, wet eyes.
John fished the baby bottle of distilled water out of their diaper bag before letting Sherlock crawl across his lap and lie back. Once his baby was settled, supported in the crook of John's arm, John offered him the nipple.
"When he's little?" Mary scoffed. "I'd say he internalises more often than that. A lot more often. He internalises
Heeding Mary's advice, he left a towel wrapped over Sherlock's crotch up to the very second the clean nappy went on.
Granted, if he were able to get the seal off in one piece, he could glue it back on intact. That's why I've hidden it. I should probably keep it hidden after I open it, but that'll be tedious. I might just leave it in its usual spot in the kitchen after a few cups and see if he's ballsy enough to spike it again.
Because thinking about how Mummy sneered at him, one night when he was eight, and told him she was still too cross with him (for whatever the hell now it was that he'd done earlier in the day) to give him his goodnight hug, and her hugging and kissing Mycroft's cheek all the more tenderly for skipping over him, and the way she'd bitten out the words when Sherlock nervously tried to wheedle at least an 'I love you' from her as she headed out the bedroom door...
Sherlock saw it and mewled, looking panicky. Nothing coming out of a syringe dropper like that could possibly taste good.
- I made a habit of watching videos of ghost stories before bed, which was not a good idea to do consistently because I wound up regressing while watching some of them and then needed the night light on. Still couldn't fall asleep, messed up my sleep schedule, and was nocturnal for about a week and a half.
"Go on..." Sherlock faithfully herded it all the way to the grass at the edge of the path, then stood and beamed at his Daddy.
The acknowledgement of how ingrained the need was, how far gone he would appear to an onlooker, and of how far out of reach that put the rest of the world was what finally spilled out his tears. The dam burst as his long fingers fumbled about in the bedside stand. He found the cheery cherry-red plastic guard by feel, his vision too wet, and popped the oversized rubber nipple between his lips.
The thumb in his mouth probably wasn't helping. He pulled it out and considered it, then unlocked his door, closing it again behind him, and slipped into the bathroom to wash his hands.
Moving with cautious deliberation and keeping his head down, Sherlock eased himself backward up onto the sofa.
Not daring to push for resolving it now instead, though he was dying to, Sherlock sniffled pitifully and nodded.
less of you if that's the sort of thing you like. Whatever you do, it's fine. Now I want you to get some rest. Doctor's orders, alright? Goodnight."
His face stained with tears, Sherlock's kicking stilled when he saw his nippie. He fidgeted and mewled around his fingers, which John then gently tugged out of his mouth. John offered Sherlock the nippie, pressing it to the boy's lips.
John picked his way back down to Sherlock and peered down. Sherlock squatted to helpfully point closer to his frog.
Reaching after it, Sherlock was about to start fussing when Mary took hold of his chin and turned him to face her chest. The nipple of her right breast grazed the corner of his lips. She held him there, trying to coax him to latch on and drink.
They heard a few hitching breaths, and John felt the bottle pop out of Sherlock's mouth. When they looked down at him, Sherlock's face was scrunched up in agony and he was crying silently.
Without John there to give him further direction, Sherlock stood in the middle of the room sucking on his thumb and glancing about aimlessly while he waited for him to come home. He resisted the toys calling to him from the floor. He needed to be as grown-up as possible when John returned.
Sherlock, however small, still picked up on the unsaid. Daddy hadn't said he wasn't mad at Sherlock. Baby Sherlock continued to cry.
"Put!" Bouncing on his feet, Sherlock looked back down the hallway at John. He popped the wet finger from his mouth and with it pointed excitedly to his bedroom window. "I put!"
His eyes lighting up with satisfaction at being understood, Sherlock nodded and agreed happily, "Put!"
Sherlock, meanwhile, stayed curled up on the kitchen chair. He turned his head to the other side to watch John at the sink, his gaze still soft and distant.
I seriously thought I was going to have all their ageplay negotiations done in two chapters flat, but it's looking like it'll take more like five now. This is officially the longest fic I've ever written, and it's not even finished! *wipes brow* I'm usually more of a short-story person.
Many were the times, over the years, when Mummy or one of Sherlock's grandparents would throw up their hands and frustratedly assert,
He told himself that no, he had best not. It would serve his case for retreat better the more pathetic he looked. John would be more amenable to letting him slink away to take dinner in bed if Sherlock appeared as worn out as he felt.
John glanced around the now thoroughly decorated kitchen and living room, and said, "Yeah, I think we've filled the flat with all the Christmassy cheer it can hold. I can tuck this stuff away later. Let me know if there's anything from your part of the house that needs to go up too?"
"God, why did I ever listen to you..." John whispered down at Sherlock. It was at the poor, injured baby's insistence, months ago, that John had reconsidered kicking his significant two-faced assassin to the kerb.
It didn't sink into Sherlock's infantile mind what 'this' was until Mary was holding his thorax still again and Daddy's gloved hands were poised over his bellybutton with a sharp-looking needle on the end of an intravenous line pointing straight at the sensitive hole.
He locked the door and sank down to the carpet. He found his nippie on the bookshelf, popped it in, and sucked on it thoughtfully. The best course of action seemed to be to wait until John went to bed that night, then sneak out for a bubble bath and playtime with his tub toys, and then he could settle in for the night all clean in a fresh, dry diaper and one of his legless onesies. As long as John didn't try to pester him into coming out for dinner, said plan would go off without a hitch, and if he woke up 'big' tomorrow he could face John pretending nothing happened today like it had.
Daddy came back from the shop this afternoon with crackers so that I won't have the runs for a while. And I used up the last of the spiked agave syrup this morning, so my next coffee shouldn't have any magnesium sulphate in it. Even if John were cunning enough to use a syringe, any tampering will be evident because I haven't pulled the inner foil seal off the new bottle.
John picked up the empty glass after Sherlock set it on the nightstand, and left to put it in the kitchen. He returned and instructed Sherlock to lie down. Sherlock hadn't quite registered that he was still sitting up and staring into space. Once he was prone, John briefly reached down to tentatively adjust the blanket over Sherlock's chest.
"Either go in your nappy, or get up and use the potty," Martin ordered him a little more forcefully.
Knowing things would end ill either way, whether he refused to air his thoughts or not, John spoke up, "It's just... Sherlock, you know I've seen it. Repeatedly. Often. I think I'm a pretty good judge of how big it is."
Daddy and Mary both stuck their hands inside the blanket, pulling the folds away so that Daddy was able to drag the pyjama zipper down enough to bare Sherlock's chest.
At the risk of upsetting Sherlock's tranquil, infantile mindset, John slid the stethoscope lower to listen to his intestines.
The downside to the shower cleaner is that it tends to strip the colour out of thing like wood, varnish, wallpaper, and carpet, especially when mixed with other household chemicals. Mrs. H and John both assert that 'colour-stripped' isn't the same thing as 'clean'.
It reddened and became even more sensitive as the skin relaxed, insofar as it could, standing out from the surface of Sherlock's belly like a tight, bulged, little tube of flesh.
He dove forward and leaned one arm heavily into Sherlock's middle, pinning him to the potty. He had to get on his knees to keep his balance when Sherlock continued to push back.
"'Why?'" John echoed. "Well, because I'd like some company at dinner. And because I'm pretty sure you haven't eaten anything since I saw you nibbling on a waffle two days ago."
"Fantastic," John marvelled as if to the room itself, as he stood with the nearly empty dishes, "you finished just about all of it."
(And, while Daddy's not reading over my shoulder: I am SO having a coffee in the morning. So there.)
Sherlock cupped his hands and made some wafting, shooing motions over the tiny toad, urging it in whispers, "Go on! You don't want someone to step on you, baby toadie. Go! Go!"
One of two possibilities: either John was enjoying less stress as a direct result of reduced contact with him and the product was markedly improved mood, or John perceived that the unforgiving barrage of work over the last few months left Sherlock in a bad way and John was instinctually mother-henning him in whatever small ways were available at home.
"Mm," Sherlock grunted noncommittally with a shrug, hunched just enough to be noticeable, sipping his dinner.
Big or Little, Sherlock had to argue his point when scientific facts were in dispute. "Some dinosaurs were tiny," he informed his Daddy, "though it's not really established whether what we know as dinosaur skeletons aren't misarticulated and misinterpreted. Back in--"
He dressed Sherlock in a onesie to keep the diaper securely in place, and fleecy, footed blanket sleeper so the freshly washed Little wouldn't catch a chill.
Despairing, Sherlock reflected yet again on how impossibly unfair it would be to ask John to accept all the tasks involved in caring for a full-grown infant. Surely John wouldn't want to brush Sherlock's teeth or change his diapers, either. No bathing, no dressing him, no reminding him when it was time to clean up his toys or putting him to bed. Certainly no weathering Sherlock's unsightly crying fits with cuddles and soft reassurances for the future. He would be nothing but a burden on John.
If Sherlock weren't so angry at himself for thinking it, and angry at himself for being right, and angry with himself for being wrong at the same time, he might have started crying again.
In light of Sherlock's mental state, John opted to give him an infant bath instead of the usual toddler-style one. He laid Sherlock flat in the tub, head rested on a thin foam bath pillow shaped like a turtle. Sherlock's long legs had to be bent up to fit, his heels up on the rim of the tub on either side of the taps. John gave him only one toy, and made sure it was a soft, teething-friendly one.
Daddy made me open the mess outside and dump the lot. Those stupid flies ruined and stole my sammich bread!
"Well, it's like he gets... more absorbed in it, y'know? He used to get pretty deep into it just while he was clean. When he wasn't," John coughed to cover an unsteady waver in his voice. "When he
The shaking stopped. Martin thought he saw Ben's legs shift in a way that meant he was pressing his thighs together, tightly.
Sherlock made a long, very frustrated-sounding exhale through his nose. Then, with a curt grunt, he turned and toddled down the hall.
Sherlock stared up at her, looking utterly bewildered. Mary was technically a Stranger to him in Little-space. He wasn't sure it was even okay to talk to her. He looked over to Daddy for guidance.
Outwardly, this long train of thought expressed itself as no more than a subtle change in Sherlock's fidgeting. He drew his hands into protective little fists and rested them close to his chin, the weight of his arms over his chest providing an illusion of defence between him and all the scary uncertainties.
At least Sherlock was able to give himself a pat on the back for using his pacifier and not a cigarette. He momentarily longed for some hard alcohol and a pack of kreteks. Jaegermeister or some cheap brandy, he thought distantly. Not wine. Wine made him far too maudlin in large quantities.
Sherlock froze, their argument regarding the ethics of Sherlock's rice and birdseed experiment suddenly of no importance.
Castor oil and turmeric mixed together do severely stain the tub, but not permanently. The colour stays in the oil, which can be cleaned off just like cooking grease from a pot: with much effort. Hopefully, filling the tub tonight will wash a bit more of it away. Daddy says it's a good thing Mrs. H didn't see the worst of it, but I doubt she would have cared too much; she's been drinking an awful lot of her hip-soothing teas lately, and I think they affect more than just her hip.
Of all the sodding nights to watch telly. Of all the sodding things that could have possibly been on. Of all the ridiculously ironic things they could have watched tonight, it had to be this.
"Da-YEEEE!" Sherlock suddenly screamed, arcing his back once more. The seat's straps, thankfully, held.
"I had biscuits," Sherlock said guardedly. He frowned at a squiggle of orange that marred the margin outside the neat lines on Tigger's tail. He wondered, not for the first time, why crayons didn't come with erasers. He had a set of markers years ago that worked with a special eraser. Surely there was a satisfactory emulgent for wax that was solid at room temperature and active on contact... Melamine foam wouldn't work, it would wreck the paper. And scrubbing over with the white crayon never worked.
In future, I'm going to try to write at least some of my baby journal entries while in Little headspace. I'm not sure how well that will work out; I guess we'll see.
When John came back, he skipped the 'why the hell are you down there' and simply asked, "Don't you want to sit on the couch? It's more comfortable."
I haven't really been good the past few weeks, so, everyone, enjoy reading of my springtime misbehaviour, including but not limited to:
Unexpectedly coming at her patient's head again, Mary efficiently secured an oxygen mask over Sherlock's nose and mouth despite the baby's initial fussing. She turned his head each way to fix the straps so that he could not dislodge it.
Martin clapped for him approvingly, Benedict joining in with a few clumsy, childlike claps of his own.
Overcome with sensation, Sherlock groaned. It felt like an electric charge had entered him through his navel and shot down into his diaper. He was squirming, gasping, and before he knew it he had lost control and was peeing into his nappy.
"You're a little handful, aren't you," remarked Mary as she and John lifted a weakly squirming Sherlock onto a nearby trough-style paediatric scale.
In the mornings recently, Daddy's been having coffee (I'm still not allowed to have any) and Mrs. Hudson has mostly stuck to her herbal soothers; so that's left me as the only one drinking tea. Somehow, Mrs. Hudson ran out of actual tea two weeks ago (how does that even happen?) and instead started brewing me tisane from an old box of herbal something-or-other that's sat at the back of her pantry for years and whose purpose for having been bought in the first place was long forgotten - not hard; I think old Hudders
John explained to him gently, "All those drugs you took aren't good for you, and you knew that. Daddy's going to take care of you, but those drugs are still going to make you feel sick for a couple of days. That wasn't a good decision you made."
... Daddy's in a Mood tonight, so I can't stay up to type. I'll have to report on the cot's durability later, after I've slept in it. The window obviously failed its durability test. Daddy says it's probably going to get added on to our next rent payment.
What I meant to write about was a trip I was forced to take earlier in the month to attend a horridly boring dinner held in my honour, arranged by some shut-in dolt who by day lurks in the basement of St. Bart's and who thinks that I don't know he's part of Anderson's silly hat club.
Oh, gosh. Fly, you fools, to the next chapter, (once I write it,) before I start making more bad puns.
This time, when John turned around, he saw Sherlock already actively inspecting the toad and poking around it with a stick. Or, at least, so he assumed. Sherlock was crouched behind a large stump sprouting from the middle of the path, so John couldn't quite see what he poked at until he backtracked to Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded. Tears choking him up, the best answer he was capable of voicing was nothing more than a squeaky, "Mm-hm," as he started to cry.
Sherlock next woke to gentle, warm fingers massaging over his eyebrows and temples. He was beginning to feel quite spoiled, consistently waking up to Daddy's touch. He had no sense of how long he'd been unconscious this time; he could have dozed for a number of hours, or mere seconds.
Also, my writing computer died last week, so updates and replies to comments are still going to be slower than a drunk snail.
John left the flat. Sherlock finished colouring the page and reluctantly changed out of his onesie and diaper. He dragged on clean underwear, gray flannel bottoms, and his dressing gown.
“How much?” John asked the driver. The ride was colossally overpriced, but Sherlock sighed and appeased John by pulling out his wallet. John grinned up at him and the look that he gave Sherlock made it worth it. They climbed up into the back of the carriage and sat down, covering themselves with the fluffy red blanket that had been waiting in the seat. They were smushed together, the sides of their legs and shoulders pressed close against one another. Through his coat, John could feel Sherlock’s muscles relax as they leaned against one another and melted together, John fitting perfectly against Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock joined him by the tree, helping to wrap the lights around to the other side. When they were finished with the lights they pulled out the gigantic box of ornaments that John had been lugging around since his early twenties. “How does one acquire this many Christmas tree ornaments?” Sherlock asked as he began unpacking the ornaments from the box.
John pulled the cold dough out of the fridge and placed it one the counter, the two hours it needed to chill, up. Sherlock pulled out the rolling pin and sprinkled flour on the counter. When John unwrapped the dough from its cling film he placed it on the light layer of flour and lightly shoved Sherlock’s shoulder. “Go get our stupid cookie cutters,” he said, echoing Sherlock’s earlier insult of the shaped cookie cutters. He began rolling out the dough and Sherlock arrived a few moments later to dump a pile of tin snowmen, snowflakes, Christmas trees, and other assorted holiday shapes next to him. When John was finished they both began cutting the dough into shapes, Sherlock preferring the snowflake shape and John going for the Christmas tree. When the dough was cut out and placed onto trays John slide them into the oven and set the timer.
