Loki ignored the question, pacing slowly before Stark for a moment and then pausing. He raised a hand, and even with limited energy, it was easy enough to send the chains currently holding Tony aloft away from their moorings. The chains tangled against themselves instead, leaving Tony free in part, his hands bound before him. The man fell like a puppet with his strings cut, but Loki made no move to assist him. The freedom itself seemed like a rather large gift. The rest Stark could figure out for himself when he had the strength. "If by adopted he meant that I was stolen from my home after my father abandoned me, then, no, I suppose it isn't so terribly unusual. I still don't... Odin says that my father Laufey, the king of the Frost Giants. I do not know who my mother is. His wife, perhaps, or... my ability to appear Asgardian suggests that there may be more to the story, but no one has seen fit to tell it to me. None who can still live or speak to me if they do."
"Captain Rogers..." The doctor seemed to still be sorting through his own thoughts, how to present the information, and began again, "He's unconscious. We have him hooked up to fluids and oxygen right now. We aren't certain he can breathe unassisted yet."
Again Steve had to bit his tongue to keep from demanding to come along, but again Natasha was right. He had promised Tony he would stay close, and that alone kept him from protesting. Instead he let out a shaky breath and nodded once. "Okay. We wait."
"Oh, and I've missed you." Loki might have laughed, but he refrained to avoid ruining the moment. Tony was settled into the fantasy well. He wasn't about to break the spell. Loki drizzled some of the oil over Tony's twitching hole and then started spreading it over. Once he felt the muscles relax, Loki began to carefully twist two fingers inside. "Let's make sure that you're ready for me. How do you want it? Hard and fast, or slow and sensual?"
"We don't  know, Captain," she answered, already anticipating his question. "They may be a branch established during the war or a splinter group of survivors... it's still not clear. We don't have anyone to ask yet." The “yet” came with a dangerous little smile, and Steve had no doubt that if they did find someone, that someone would be talking pretty quickly. "The only communications we've managed to intercept are encrypted and garbled. They refer to a 'Winter Solider', who we believe is Mr. Barnes." Natasha tapped a few keys on the pad before her and several images floated into view on the screen suspended above the conference table. Several showed security footage from the attack and another Bucky's enlistment photo. "We have no information on how he happens to be alive, not to mention well and gunning for Tony. The only thing we're sure of is that he wanted to be seen. He made eye contact with the security cameras, he made no effort to hide his face. Someone is sending us a message." Natasha hesitated and looked back to Steve with a quirk of one eyebrow. "Well, sending you a message."
Clint was trying his damnedest to not let some twitch, some flicker, give away the fact that if he hadn't been alternating between chewing on his cheek and his tongue, he would've definitely been starting to poke Phil in the thigh by then. He didn't entirely succeed, though, as his hands tightened on Coulson's hips, nearly pulling them both to a stop before he reminded himself to move. As it was, he was pretty sure his pupils must've been blown from the arousal. The mention of Nat barely registered. Barely anything registered except the man pressed firmly against him. "She just tries to keep my ego from getting overgrown," he finally managed, feeling inordinately proud of himself for managing to keep track of the conversation and even putting together a decent sentence to boot.
"Uh, actually, huge tower with a big A on it in the middle of New York City," Steve answered with a shake of his head. "That's the whole thing with us: no hiding. It's all out there. We're out there. People know our faces, they know our names - well, most of us. We each have our own suites in the tower, and most of R&D and the meeting rooms are downstairs. A lot of us also have places of our own, and you're welcome to if you'd rather. I've got a place in Brooklyn. Would've felt too weird not to even if the neighborhood's not exactly what it was." Steve's plate was a fastidiously balanced mix of eggs, bacon, fruit, and a large stack of pancakes. “I still spend a fair amount of my time at the tower for convenience.”
The response was so fast and sure that Steve hadn't even found a breath to thank Tony for his intervention when Logan was driving into him. He cried out, shocked but not at all displeased by the sudden entry. The burning edge of pain only made it that much more intense, and he would have been lying if he said he wanted anything but intense from a man like Logan. Anything else would have been sorely disappointing. Spots swam behind his tightly-clenched eyelids. Steve fought for breath and finally found it, sucking air in deeply and opening his eyes to find Logan's mouth again. The hungry kiss was a perfect way to get the man to settle for a second to let him adjust, and it sparked a perfect flicker of pleasure through the pain.
"Loki stole his remains?" Thor was on his feet, hammer in hand, and he began pacing. "The cowardice! The dishonor! The-"
Clint was hard-headed, fiery, and not just a little ready to go out and kill Loki. He was also good at figuring out when an order really was an order and he no longer had a vote. Grabbing his fork, he muttered, "Got it," before digging into his food. He froze a moment later though when he heard Coulson's objection. The oddly soft note in the man's tone made Clint look over before he could help himself. "I didn't... mean it that way." It was unsettling, the amount of care he'd heard in his handler's voice. The man seemed to be strangely overprotective lately. Clint was struggling to figure out why.
Logan felt a stab of disappointment and jealousy at the mention of Scott's attraction to Natasha. Then again, it made sense. The woman was a dominant, busty red-head with an apparent penchant for leather: exactly Scott's type. And Logan's, too, most days, but he'd definitely sort of missed that boat while he was fucking Steve and Tony and obsessing over Scott. Not up for trying to explain all that to Scott, Logan managed to come up with a decent explanation: "She, uh... I think she's already got a pet, and I'm not much into lickin' boots and stuff, so I don't think that relationship'd go too far. And while I’d never let all that stop me, her boy toy's an archer. Don't figure it'd kill me, but I could sure as hell do without an arrow in the eye," he said, managing to cover up any obvious reactions to the query. Besides, Scott was looking too drunk to notice. //Not drunk enough yet.// Logan figured a good binge drink and a hangover in the morning with a semi-responsible party to look out for him might be fairly cathartic for Scott. He grabbed another beer bottle and traded it for the mostly empty one in Scott's hand. "'Sides, gotta leave some for you, right?"
Tony nodded, feeling numb as the reality set in. Not only was he going out without Steve and without a guarantee of success, but he was going out there as team leader. Everyone was going to be depending on him. He glanced at Steve as he pulled on one of his high tech bodysuits and meandered into the bathroom to take care of his morning routine. Some people were going to be depending on him in ways that weighed more heavily.
Tony felt himself losing the fight despite his best efforts. His head was spinning and his body ached. Thoughts raced through his mind, many of which Tony was not proud of. They struggled to burst forth even as he tried in vain to suppress them. "I'm not... denying anything," he said through gritted teeth. Sweat glistened all over his body, which warmed with the effort of his fight against the drug. "I... he's... I..." As if bursting for air after being underwater too long, Tony gasped, "I want to fuck him!"
"Steve?" Tony called out groggily. His eyes felt as if two quarters were weighing them down and struggled to flicker open. The last thing he recalled was talking to Steve, and then blackness. Had the medication done a number on him? Somehow Tony doubted it. What he was feeling right now was definitely something different. "Cap?" Again, no response. Tony tried to move only to find that his arms and legs were being held down. //What the hell?// It was a little too much to hope that Steve had suddenly broken out of his shell and was trying something kinky. No, something was definitely wrong.
"That... is hard to picture," Coulson allowed, trying to visualize Ward actually breaking down and failing completely. "I guess it's habit to try not to make anyone else deal with my issues. That's something I'll have to work on." If he and Clint were going to really do it, to be together, he wanted the man to feel comfortable sharing with him, which meant he had to be willing to return the favor. "At the moment, though, this is one of the best mornings I've had in forever, and I really don't want to break down crying in the middle of it. I'd be doing the powers that be a disservice not to appreciate this."
Grateful that he didn't have to try to keep himself together anymore, Scott let go. He screamed Logan's name as he came hard. The feeling of Logan filling him only made the moment more intimate and more surreal. Scott found himself staring up into Logan's face as if in awe of what had happened. "As soon as I'm sure I can walk from this time, we're gonna have to do that again."
Nat was just being wheeled off down the hall to a room of her own when Scott and Logan approached. "How's she doing?" Scott inquired. Logan had been a ball of nervous energy on the way up, so it seemed best to take point as much as he could.
Logan held up the blurry picture, then handed it to Steve. "This thing? Looks like pictures I've seen o' Thor's hammer, more or less. But dark. Like obsidian. And... Well... You ever see Lord of the Rings?" When Steve gave him a blank stare, he sighed. "It makes people want it. Want to keep it for their own. Or at least, it did it to everyone but me. We hid it somewhere cold. Real cold." He thought a moment. "Siberia? Couldn't give you anything more specific." He wondered absently if Loki had managed to get more specific information; Logan's recall was far from neat and tidy.
Tony's face was lined with worry as he helped Fitz-Simmons put the weapon together. He would glance at Steve from time to time and offer a faint smile before turning back to what he was doing. It became pretty damned hard to do even that, though, as he fitted the arc reactor replica to the weapon. Fitz-Simmons had designed the attachment socket perfectly. With very little effort, Tony would be able to link the weapon to his arc repulsors and channel it through the suit if he needed to. The thought gave Tony chills as he clicked the last latch to it. "Well... guess we've got something to show Fury now," he said numbly.
"Thank you, Mr. Summers. I think it's fair to say you can skip the rest of the preliminary courses. Xavier's had systems like a lot of ours. Just brush up on the specifics. If nothing else, it would be nice to have another pilot to sub in as needed."
Logan fairly purred at the contact. It sent a tingle through him to have fingers run through his hair, though it wasn't a sensation he got to focus on often. His fingers trailed lightly over Scott's skin, aware of the numerous bruises on the man's body. "You're so gorgeous," he breathed between kisses. It chilled him to think he could've lost the man. His hand trailed lightly over Scott's thighs, deftly avoiding going for the more obvious target, instead merely flirting with the idea of more intimate contact.
"Besides which, even just one of them is like having an entire army with you, from what I've read."
"Thanks. Thank you. For... you've been amazing. You are amazing." The truth was he didn't know if he would have gotten through that first night so well without Pepper beside him.
"As you pointed out, I'm not in a position to get what I want," Phil grated out. The guy was getting under his skin. The only power he held in the situation was the ability to not show it, and that faded a little more with every passing second. His nerves were frayed, the adrenaline was wearing off, and no one had come in to tell them that Loki was dead, which meant that Stark probably was. There were a lot of things wrong, and Phil was starting to wonder exactly how many it took before a person would snap. "Are you taking requests now? I'm pretty fond of 'Freebird.'"
Tony turned in his wheelchair, quirking an eyebrow at them. "So this is legit? Not another weird fetish thing?"
"No need." Logan had to take a moment to unclench his jaw as he looked down at the other man. The beatings the guy had taken were enough to make Logan's blood boil. The mutant's nose told him he'd found the man he was looking for, but he had to make the show good, all the same. As much as he was ready to start dismembering everyone else in the room, Coulson had made it clear he was to get out without blowing his cover. For one thing, SHIELD might need him again. For another, these guys were all small-timers, and decimating the place would scare off all the big shots that SHIELD really wanted dead.
Logan listened intently as Natasha explained what was going on, then turned his gaze to Steve. The man looked like he was half-dead already. He wasn't going to question Steve. It wasn't his place. The man had obviously made a decision, one with serious weight behind it. It seemed condescending to ask if he was sure. Steeling himself for whatever was about to happen, Logan glanced at Nat, then looked to Steve. "Ready when you are," he finally decided.
Clint didn't even bother to knock. He'd barely talked himself out of charging in, bow drawn, and demanding Scott prove he wasn't compromised. His eyes swept the room and fixed on Scott. "I'm guessing you know Logan just turned himself in. As well as he was able to, anyway," he said, watching the other man for any signs of aggression.
Coulson smiled despite himself as he took Clint's hand and let the man haul him upward. "That sounds like a solid plan." When they got back, Phil considered changing and then decided against it. He was exhausted, drained after his conversation with Clint. For once the people around him could forgive a lack of professional dress. If they ended up going somewhere other than the lab, then he could see about a change. They got Clint cuffed up on the way in, Phil feeling even worse than he had before about the situation, and they headed into the lab.
Logan looked up at Steve suddenly as it occurred to him that Thor had no clue about the fact that Tony's relationship with Pepper had definitely shifted some time ago. //Well, this is awkward.// Logan wasn't about to spill the beans. He was pretty sure that was the kind of operation only a brain surgeon should undertake, and the feral mutant was pretty sure he was more on par with a two-bit butcher.
Clint felt panic threatening again, and he took a few deep breaths in a semi-effective attempt to calm himself. What did Logan know? What did Loki want with Nat? And where the hell was Thor when his brother was on Earth causing problems? Clint knew he should have been more worried about the former and the latter, but all he could really focus on was Nat and whether they'd actually be getting her back. "Phil..." He almost never called Coulson by his first name, but it seemed weird to call him anything else as he confessed, "I don't wanna think about what he'll do to her to get that information."
“Only twenty miles with no food and water? Easy." Phil smiled wryly and started walking. Waiting wasn't going to do them any favors. Maybe having a nice, painful sunburn would distract from other pain that was only going to get more distracting as time wore on and they got nice and sweaty. The internal whining was tempered by the idea that no one would accost them in the middle of the desert. They were out of Loki's clutches and Creed's too, and they were going to get home. It was only a matter of time. "C'mere." Phil breathed easier the second Clint's hand closed around his. "We'll get there eventually."
"Good. Need someone to keep me straight. Especially lately," Clint decided. He took a thoughtful sip of coffee before adding, "and I know just about anyone from the team would've let me crash their couch, but..." He looked up and grinned faintly at Coulson. "If you think I'm admitting to Tony Stark that I need to sleep on his couch because of a nightmare, you're out of your mind."
Loki hissed his pleasure, thrilling at the rough contact. "Precisely," he purred in agreement. His hands slid down to cup Victor's denim-clad ass. "Gentle isn't what I'm looking for." It seemed Victor felt the same way. He pulled back enough to look down the front of the mutant. "Shall we see what we're working with?"
In the end Steve spent the better part of three hours sitting alone on a bench in the hallway hating every second of the wait and not knowing what to do. Tony was "being treated" for the drugs and otherwise examined according to Natasha. Visitors, she had said, wouldn't be a good idea. Steve understood that she meant him visiting wouldn't be a good idea. He'd clenched his fists but nodded. Finally Bruce emerged looking exhausted but invigorated. In moments like that Steve could see clearly the parallels between Bruce and Tony, the way they fed off of mysteries and problems and the solutions therein.
“We all are. He’s stronger than he looks. Just make sure you take care of yourself too.” After a pause filled with Natasha studying him like a bug under a microscope, the woman added, “Bruce says you have another visit you can make if you’re up to it.”
"I'm... uh... fine." He looked at the floor and mumbled, "I just... had a bad dream." It sounded even dumber out loud than it did in his head. "I was gonna... Look, I shouldn't've bothered you. I can go back to my room." He'd obviously shaken Coulson out of a sound sleep, and the man probably needed it as much or more than he did.
Logan didn't immediately oblige, taking his time, savoring the slow building pleasure. He hadn't missed the way Scott responded to the rough words, and he nipped at the man's shoulder before biting into the taught flesh, marking his lover close to the same spot Clint had. Scott was his, and he didn't want the man to forget it. One of Logan's hands slid down to Scott's waist, gripping him tight, his thrusts slowing as he drew back and then slamming forward hard. "Like that? Is that how you like to be fucked?" he growled, nuzzling Scott's cheek and moaning softly.
The rest of the group was obviously expected to follow, so Steve stood and did just that. He felt uncertain about pretty much everything, and he wished like hell that they had a plan other than "don't die" in case the visitor wasn't friendly. There was heavy silence among the team as the energy rushed down from the sky. It was actually rather awe-inspiring. Steve supposed that if he didn't feel like his heart had been ripped out, he would have been fascinated. Instead he just felt tired. When a gorgeous woman hit the broken ground and stood, covered in armor, he tensed.
"You won't miss them. You've got plenty. You're the smartest guy in the room, and it doesn't even matter what room were talking about." Steve tucked himself in against Tony's side and made a pleased noise. "I was kind of worried we wouldn't fit together anymore," he confessed quietly, "that laying together and holding hands and kissing would feel wrong. Still just feels like us, though."
"Sometimes not being a big idiot's an advantage," Clint shot back, driving a boot into Victor's face and taking the second of distraction to yank at the releases at his waistline, detaching the vest from his load bearing belt. There was a loud crack as he deliberately twisted one of his own shoulders out of socket and slipped out of the vest. He managed to get his quiver before he rolled away from one of Victor's swipes.  Clint winced as he rolled his arm back into place but didn't even pause before he lodged an arrow right in his opponent's ribcage. "Phil," he grunted as he dodged another attack,  "do NOT come out of that ductwork."
Steve winced but met his gaze evenly a beat later. "You know what he can do, Agent Coulson. This isn't my first choice either, but it's... we're trying it out."
Coulson let out a slow breath and nodded. "I know." He wanted to hear that Natasha was okay too. He also knew that Clint was rarely wrong when he was absolutely certain of something. If Clint was sure Logan was somehow hiding something? He was probably right. Medical wasn't the place to deal with it, though.
Natasha actually smirked. It was a very nearly underhanded tactic, and she approved. "C'mon, Clint. Let's give everybody some space. We can go shoot things on the range. It will make you feel better. Logan, you care to join us? You're welcome to invite Scott too. I'd be curious to see how he takes out a target."
FYI, I'm going to ultimately break this baby into five parts. Part five is the unfinished part. The good news? Part 4 will be 32 chapters long as it currently stands.
"You gonna sleep with it too? Because my bed is big, but I'm thinking that thing might be a little much for the box springs to handle." Phil didn't like the look in Clint's eyes, all glowing aside. "Okay, you take it up so we can get the readings," he agreed. Thor's look on the jet had been clear. If they had to wait for Loki to separate Clint front the weapon, then they would. Noting that Clint was still standing a few feet away and staring at him like he might lunge forward and take it, he assured, "I know I can't handle it. I saw what happened to Logan and to Stark, and I'm not either one of them. One death was fine. Let's get to the lab."
Coulson was moderately certain he'd stopped breathing while Clint spoke. He knew it took several beats for the blood rushing in his ears to clear. He didn't know the right thing to say, and that wasn't normal anymore. He'd left most of that uncertainty behind in his youth, and as a grown man, Phil Coulson had found a certain measure of confidence. That did nothing to help him scrape together the right words for Clint, who looked painfully lost and uncertain.
Scott found himself increasingly uncomfortable with the line of conversation, moreso because he had no idea how to reveal that he was back in fighting shape thanks to Loki. //How the hell do I tell anyone and not make Logan look guilty?// "I know we're both new here, but I hope you'll believe me when I say that Logan looks out for his team."
The archer had the weapon on the plane's deck between his feet, fiddling idly with the strap while Thor sat across the aisle from him, watching him uncomfortably closely. Clint leaned hard against Phil, not wanting any space between them. He didn't yet feel much of the tug from the hammer, though he did experience an unusual surge of confidence every time he touched it.
Logan couldn't help but chuckle a little when he saw what Scott was referring to. "She is. Damn," he remarked. Nat had a way of manipulating people. It was interesting to see how that went when she applied those skills somewhere other than interrogation.
Logan sighed. "'Course." He gave Scott a mischievous look. "You can put your hand back in my pocket if you want, though," he added, before looking back at the phone. His face dropped. "Natasha's back. But she's not awake yet." He couldn't help the stab of guilt and fear. Would they believe her if she told them what he'd done? It seemed likely that if the woman could come to and point the finger at him that they'd take her word over his. Sure, SHIELD knew that Loki had rummaged around in his head, but finding out that he'd allowed it... Logan wondered if Scott would catch any trouble for it, as well. "Maybe we should go check on 'er when they're ready to let us in."
Clint couldn't help but grin a little. "Well, I don't know what all the rules used to be, but I'd guess the biggest change is something you've already encountered... namely, you don't have to go on a bunch of dates before you go for a roll in the hay." He shrugged. "Other than that, I'd say do whatever strikes you, at least as far as this company goes. Stark does, and it hasn't killed him yet. But, y'know, if you need any specifics, I'm happy to help. I'll leave it to you to ask, though. Somehow, I suspect you embarrass a little easier than I do." Granted, he'd love to give Steve a few more pointers on the matter, but he had little doubt that Steve was too old-fashioned to consider any "hands-on" training.
"Of course. We can meet in the professor's office. I'm sure he'll want to hear what you have to say as well. I'm Jean Grey."
Logan sighed contentedly at the words, "Good," nuzzling Scott's throat before he brushed a few gentle kisses to his lover's full lips. Reluctantly, he pulled back, shrugging off his shirt a more deliberately than he'd originally set out to before settled on the couch and he tugged his lover down to sit beside him, assuming a position similar to what they'd taken in the park, his arm behind Scott's shoulders and his other hand on the man's knee. Pulling Scott into another, much more passionate kiss, Logan let his hand trail up Scott's abs and over his chest, intent on quietly exploring the man's body in a way he hadn't yet taken the time to do.
Bruce raised an eyebrow. "I'm pretty sure that the two of you have forgone more than enough sleep on our behalf to qualify for a team movie night." He smiled faintly. "Maybe we could show them The Lord of the Rings. I think Thor would at least appreciate it. Maybe Sif as well if she sticks around long enough." He grabbed Jemma's hand and tugged her a little closer with a smile. "Besides, I'd need a date. And I wouldn't dream of leaving Fitz out." He added the last with a friendly smile at Fitz. He was starting to wonder if Fitz's disapproval was more than just protectiveness.
Clint nodded. "They promised one or two people. I guess they've got their own wings to get them there." He glanced at Phil, wondering where exactly 'there' was. He also gave their new pilot a hard stare; she wasn't familiar, but Coulson apparently trusted her. Clint had gotten pretty accustomed to agents he'd never met before turning up at odd places. He still remembered when he'd found out a barista he'd been hitting on rather heavily turned out to be a coworker.
Sort of.
Logan grinned and put his hand out to Scott. "Darlin', I'd love to hold yer hand," he decided, winking at the other man. It was cute, really, Scott's hesitance. He couldn't blame the guy, though. Logan knew he didn't exactly scream 'hug me' to people around him. "My PDA limits mostly involve no fuckin' on the restaurant booth. Unless I'm really drunk." He gave Scott a look that let the man know he was aware of the irony.
"Well, that's reassuring," Tony said, raising an eyebrow at the god. He tried to hide his discomfort at being reminded that he was there for Loki's entertainment. He hadn't missed the flash of amusement on Loki's face, and he found himself hoping to hell that it was because the god found him amusing, and not because he was plotting some other way to mess with his head. "Hate to think you were after my heart. Didn't work out so well for you last time."
"I think that's a definite yes. That sun's starting to get to me," Clint agreed, stopping at a stand to get them some bottled water before they found one of the few unoccupied trees. It was a bit further from the stage, but the music was more than loud enough to reach them, anyway. Clint hesitated a moment after they got settled, then leaned lightly against the other man. Phil smelled good, felt good, and the archer found himself melting into his handler without even really thinking about it. "Should've brought a blanket. But at least the grass is nice."
Coulson arched an eyebrow and stared evently at Clint. “I remember Fury saying something very similar about you once upon a time. Some people are worth the extra effort,” he cautioned. He understood precisely what Clint was saying, but that didn’t mean he intended to give up on Barnes. The man had been through hell and lived to tell the tale. “As for whether the arm can be removed, I don’t know. I’d like to ask Stark to consider the problem, but that… doesn’t seem like the most diplomatic solution. I’m thinking someone from SHIELD might be better suited. Someone less personally involved.”
They said their goodbyes and were led out by Jean. She hesitated when they reached the door. "Tell them... tell Scott and Logan that they're missed."
Tony opened his mouth to assure Steve that that wouldn't happen, but he bit it back. //No making promises you may not be able to keep,// he told himself. He pulled Steve in for another intense kiss. "I'll try to up my asshole playboy schtick when this is all over. You'll love it," he assured, smirking faintly. He pulled Steve as close to him as he feasibly could, tangling their legs together. "I don't wanna go do lab things. Or be a grown-up. Can I call in immature?"
"Keep it slow," Scott warned, "or this is gonna be over way, way too soon." The hot, urgent touch of Logan's hand all but made him see stars, and Scott forgot to keep trying to kick off his underwear in favor of wrapping his hand around Logan and returning the favor. "Remind me next time that I really want to suck you off."
Scott considered that and finally nodded slowly. On the off chance that they headed past windows on the way, he grabbed the glasses that Coulson had found for him into his front pocket. It was insurance. Frankly he wasn't ready for a full recharge, but the universe didn't always go along with his plans. "I'll sit in."
Thor had pulled Coulson into a rib-crunching hug before the man got a chance to see it coming. "Son of Coul! How have you been, my friend?" he exclaimed happily.
Bucky felt another hot flash of jealousy. It surprised him because it was accompanied by a rush of unfamiliar anger. He shook his head as if to clear it. “Well,” he started, joining Steve on the sofa, “I don’t understand what’s wrong with Tony Stark.” Bucky reached out, closing his hand on Steve’s shoulder. He wanted more, to do more than just offer the other man a friendly gesture. Steve had been coy ever since their talk, and Bucky had no idea how his friend truly felt toward him. “I mean, no one will talk about what happened, so I don’t know what to say that’ll help the situation.” His hand caressed its way down Steve’s back, soothing the tense muscles he found there. “I’m here, and I need you,” he said softly.
Steve bolted upright at the cry, sure that Tony was being attacked. It took a beat for him to register that they were alone in the room and that Tony wasn't crying out in fear or pain, he was panting and hard as a rock. Steve's blood ran cold at the realization, at what it could mean. Dreams didn't have to mean anything. They might mean absolutely nothing at all, just nonsense, but then he met Tony's dark gaze, and the intensity of the guilt there left him feeling sick. "Tony... what happened?"
Steve nodded. He carefully set Tony's pillow aside and grabbed another, patting it until Pepper slipped off her high heels and lay down next to him. They clung to each other because it was the best they had. It wasn't really enough, but it felt good not to be alone. Finally Steve let himself relax enough to drift off to sleep with Pepper crying quietly against his shoulder.
"I'll see if I can get you something for those." He'd seen the look on Bucky's face at the question. "It's not just about memories. It's about you. Thoughts, behaviors... anything different, good or bad. No judgment, I just need to know."
Natasha smirked at the endearment. "I already texted Clint. I'm sure he and Coulson can split a cab."
Coulson couldn't help smiling. Stark was an abrasive asshole sometimes, but he wasn't a bad guy. He hid it well much of the time. Though he had no intention of stealing Tony's scotch, Coulson did rummage around and assemble a sandwich with the ingredients from Tony's kitchen. He was beginning to wonder if the man was really as incapable a cook as he often professed. Judging by the level of gourmet ingredients he kept on hand, it looked like he could not only cook but cook well. He filed the information away and stretched out on the couch to eat his sandwich and attempt relaxation for a few hours before he had to go into Tony's room and find a way to make the man sleep.
Bucky frowned, his features a mask of confusion. His gaze searched the room, taking in his new surroundings with an air of nervous uncertainty. Something about waking up in an infirmary set him on edge. Bucky couldn't explain the feeling, but it made him want to flee all the same. "I... remember you came to talk to me, and..." He trailed off, struggling to remember. Trying to retrieve even the slightest bit of memory caused Bucky great discomfort, and he grimaced with the effort.
He was admittedly a little late. Okay, a lot late. Like, twenty minutes. //He's gonna be grumpy,// Tony reflected as he struggled to arrange his tie and hustle to their meeting spot all at the same time.
Coulson gave another nod before he led the way to the garage. Lola was shining, gassed up, and ready to go. He slid into the car and motioned for Clint to join him. "The sooner we get there, the sooner we can get back and finish getting our asses handed to us."
Coulson subsided at that, forcing his gaze down. That was true enough. It wasn't his call either. Steve's voice carried more weight than either of theirs. "You aren't expendable," he added so quietly he could have been muttering to himself.
"That sounds good." Phil hadn't had time for any sort of structured physical activity in days, and he was starting to feel the absence. "It's too nice out not to enjoy it. Not quite ready to suit up and be an adult again." In the absence of solutions to any of their issues it all just hurt to think about. The light breeze outside smelled of rain, but the air wasn't heavy enough to suggest a storm coming. "I love weather like this."
"You certainly have a way of making a simple search sound rather... grand," Hank observed, tugging at one of the taller shelves to check its stability before he hoisted himself to the top. "I'll start up here."
Clint let out a shuddering breath, cursing softly as Darien did all the right things to his aching shaft. "Fuck, that's... mm... perfect," he growled, his hips thrusting slightly with each stroke of the other man's tongue. A sudden, well-timed shift, and he was pushing his cock slowly into Darien's mouth, his hand tangled snuggly in the man's hair. "That's it..." Clint glanced up and gave the man rimming Darien a quick nod. Just as Clint started to press his shaft down Darien's throat, Jason replaced his tongue with lubed up cock, leaving Darien speared nicely between them.
"You too, hairball," Scott answered, leaning into the next kiss. He didn't meant to push or to try and molest the man considering the tone of the day. It wasn't the time for sex. Or it was the perfect time. He was beginning to lose sight of which was which as he slid his tongue into Logan's mouth. The man had that effect on him. "This okay? I can back down if this is... if it's a bad time, I can cool it down."
Charles propped his chin in hand thoughtfully. "That is troublesome, then. You haven't actually seen Erik?"
"Not much different in my experience, no," Phil agreed before tossing Clint a bag of salad. "There are croutons in that cabinet there. This way we can pretend that we're being healthy while we eat fettuccine alfredo." He watched Clint search sluggishly for bowls and couldn't help smiling. "As for you never leaving... in case you haven't noticed, I've been your handler for years. If I was trying to get rid of you, you'd be gone by now."
"You might not be entirely wrong. Did I mention I actually lost my virginity in a car at a concert? I'm starting to worry it might be a fetish." He laughed and tried to breathe through the hazy fog of want wrapping him up tight. "Maybe we should go get food. If I keep kissing you, this will get extremely inappropriate extremely fast." He was already on his way to it being awkward to get up and walk at all. Anymore heady kisses from Clint and all bets would be off.
Clint nodded. "Fury likes to keep people in the dark, but not that dark," he agreed. "Something must be seriously wrong if he won't even tell us what planet the guy's on." It was frightening, really. They were essentially talking about facing Loki without the advantage of another Asgardian on their side. //And the one good hand we have, we're keeping tied behind our backs.// He was relieved, though, that Steve was willing to go check on Summers and Logan. Clint was pretty certain he'd punch anyone who came near him with handcuffs in the face.
"It was just the once," Natasha explained, tone casual. She acted as if it was nothing strange at all to confess that she'd slept with their handler. "There wasn't a lot of time to find out much about kinks or I'd give you a heads up. Just in case." Natasha continued eating, ignoring Clint sputtering and looking as if he was going to pass out any second. "It was a slow mission, a long night... it wasn't a big deal."
"I think the fact that he believes I'm a walking time bomb might have something to do with it." Seeing that Jemma was about to apologize, Bruce held up a hand and gave her a reassuring look. "I don't blame him. He's looking out for you, Jemma." He took a sip of cocoa and slouched in his chair, looking a little uncomfortable. "It is a pretty big risk, you know. Spending a lot of time around me."
"No, just clarifying." Phil let his arm slide across Clint's chest, seeking intimacy more than establishing possession. "As long as I get to keep mine, it's fine."
Logan froze, sniffing at the air. He was about to bark a warning when something large and dark tore past him, catching hold of Clint and carrying him bodily to the top of one of the containers.
Thor shook his head. "That is nonsense. You are to return to-"
Victor pressed his forehead against the bars and grinned, openly taking in the exposed flesh. "Mmm, tempting," he purred, hands flexing against the bars, retracted metal clawtips glinting in the light. "But I don't think Loki'd appreciate me mangling his newest toy, and I feel like you'd force me to do some mangling. Maybe I'll wait and see if bossman'll let me tie you up later, show you what you're missing."
Logan felt a stab of guilt. //Yep. Still haven't lost my way with people.// "Didn't mean it like that," Logan said, trying to think of something else to add that wouldn't sound completely asinine. He shifted uneasily, considering just shoving another beer in Scott's hand and calling it good. He hesitantly put what he hoped was a reassuring hand on Scott's shoulder and ducked his head a little to get the other man to look at him. "Just... Look, I know you're fine. I just..." He glanced off and took his hand away. "It scared the shit outta me when Fury gave me the mission to go get you." He'd been scared the entire time, in fact. Panicked, almost, every time the trail cooled off or he didn't find Scott where he'd expected. It had been even more terrifying when he'd found bodies. The sick anticipation involved in confirming none of them had been Scott had been damn near enough to make him crazy.
"I think that's a plan," Tony murmured happily against Steve's lips. "You can hide in my lab anytime. Just don't get too close to Dummy. He has a tendency to spill stuff on people." He pressed his forehead to Steve's, turning his head slightly to rub their noses together with a faint smile. "I think you'd look good in one of my lab chairs, though."
The archer felt as if he should do what Coulson said: shower and sleep. But he didn't want to be alone. Things felt unreal enough, and the idea of being by himself made him feel sure he'd lose his grip on reality completely. He couldn't think of a good reason to keep shadowing the agent, but he couldn't quite bring himself to break away when his turn in the hallway came up, either.
There was a loud thump as Clint's hands hit the counter behind Darien's head. The archer held on for dear life as he worked to calm himself. "Fuck," he growled, moaning a second later as he felt his cock hit the back of his partner's throat. "Nng... I think this might be a better use for that smartass mouth of yours," he murmured, shuddering as he leaned back from the countertop enough to watch Darien impale himself on Clint's shaft once more.
"What about the kids? Do you think parents will want you to be a role model for their children now?"
"I got it, Jarvis," Clint said with a sigh, tugging Phil into a light but lingering kiss. //Just one for the road.//
After they'd all been hunched over working in relative silence for awhile, Simmons rose and stretched with a sigh. "Coffee run! Would anyone else like something?"
Clint raised an eyebrow. "You? Really?" He was pretty surprised. Granted, he wasn't exactly aware of all the details of Steve's history besides the "wimp gets serum, kicks ass, gets frozen, thawed out 70 years later," overview the Director had given all of them. "Well, it looks like you're dating and then some now. Or something. I dunno. I'd say wait it out for awhile. I mean, it sounds like you can at least connect with the new guy." He paused. "But... really? You and Stark? I always kinda figured you'd be more interested in force-feeding him a fist sandwich..."
"I don't think anything but fairy tales cover this one," she returned lightly. Fandral was cute, but she wasn't interested in a long distance flirtation. Then again, something new and different when she was in the neighborhood... well, things happened. Natasha filed it away as a thought to revisit later. They were already close to the throne room. It didn't take knowing the layout to pick up on it. The guards were suddenly thick as flies around every entrance. She hung back, letting Sif and Frigga move to the forefront.
Coulson wasn't sure how it happened, he just knew that one minute he was holding Natasha by the waist and the next he was watching her slip away to grab a cute blond girl who's been dancing close. It took all of two seconds before he found Clint's fingers looked into his belt and his own hands on Clint's waist. Just the feeling of holding him like that was enough to short circuit Phil's brain just a little, especially when coupled with the wicked gleam in the asset's eyes.
Tony knew he looked exactly how he felt: like hell. And he couldn't even bring himself to be bothered about it. "I don't know, it's been a while," he answered in a monotone. Turning away, Tony returned to the work bench and tried to lose himself in the project again.  He hoped Steve would take the hint and see he didn't want company. It was incredibly difficult being in Steve's presence. It was constant reminder of how his reckless attraction for the other man had led to him being humiliated and violated in the worst way possible, and it made Tony want to scurry toward the nearest available whiskey bottle.
The wry smile that accompanied the words left Phil smiling back despite the seriousness of the situation. "I'll keep that in mind. I might even stop you. Right now, we're hoping Stark and Banner can put their heads together and make the hammer do something for you and Logan and Summers."
"Well, I figure if I can wake you up because I had a bad dream, you have every right to not pretty up before you answer the door. Though I wasn't expecting to get invited to your bedroom in the case of more nightmares," he said with a teasing smirk. The archer hadn't thought too much of it considering they'd both been well drugged. He hadn't missed some other information, though, seeing Coulson in nothing but sleepwear. //Yeah, that's not a path you need to go down. Still have to look him in the eye and all when he gives you orders.// As the coffee sputtered its readiness, Clint turned to pour Phil a cup and push it across the counter to him before preparing one of his own. "Not too sore this morning, I hope?"
"I think I do... and I think that's about all I want to know," Steve added warningly. If allowed, he knew Tony would clue him in to everything, and he still needed to be able to look the man in the eye when giving him orders. "I'm sure you know more than enough for both of us." He made a mental note to watch just how handsy he got with Tony in front of the man just in case. Sharing with Logan had been fun... once. He wasn't sure he was interested in doing it again. Steve was starting to like having Tony just to himself. "The car was definitely fun. Anywhere it's just the two of us is pretty nice, actually. You're pretty nice."
Logan couldn't help a faint smile at the thought. Imagining Steve with a laptop was amusing enough. Imagining him on his own with a bunch of Tony's robots was simultaneously sad and amusing, and Logan settled for nodding sympathetically. "You look like you're feelin' better," he remarked as gently as he knew how. "It'll be good to have you back on the team. Hopefully in the lead," he added before taking a bite of food.
Averting his gaze, Tony decided it definitely wasn’t the best idea to see Steve. It was too late now, of course. Steve was there and Tony could feel the concern emanating off the other man in waves. “I’ve been better,” he murmured. “Looked a hell of alot better, too.” Tony finally allowed himself to glance up. He swallowed hard, the sight of Steve making him feel both ashamed and hurt. It wasn’t Steve’s fault in any way, shape or form, but Tony’s desire for him had been the weakness that caused all of this to happen. “How have you been?” he asked rather feebly.
"Oh, no, I'm sorry, I believe you misunderstood the terms of our arrangement. You obey me and they live. I never promised to release them, though I may once Victor's had his fun. I'm afraid that much was already promised to him, and he's done everything I asked of him." Loki smiled, feeling more like himself than he had in awhile. Weak or not, knowing that he held Tony so firmly in the palm of his hand made him feel powerful in every way he truly needed it. He hadn't noticed that the pallor of his skin seemed to be blending more and more consistently toward blue, an icy cast that left him looking as if he'd just been fished out of the lake after too long underwater. "If you submit, they live, Mr. Stark. I don't let Victor tear our their throats or use their skin to decorate his room or whatever in the world it is he does with his toys."
"I think that's a pretty good idea," Scott agreed. He stripped off his shirt and returned the favor for Logan before curling up against the man's chest to listen to the steady thrum of his heart. "I wanted to do this in the infirmary, but I figured it'd be kind of creepy with an audience."
Not gonna lie - writing this made me cry a little, so... it's sad. That's what I'm saying. But sweet.
"He knows I'll be fine," Phil answered evenly, wishing he'd taken some of his time earlier to follow Clint's example and at least get his hands in a more serviceable position. He'd let himself get distracted, and they couldn't afford stupid mistakes like that. He tried to keep his hands relaxed, tried not to telegraph the tension that he felt since he knew that would only entice Creed to further cruelty. "I'm not a blushing virgin and haven't been for a pretty long time." It was tough talk, and everyone in the room knew it, but it had to be said. Clint needed to know that he wasn't giving up so that Clint wouldn't give up either. They needed to share their strength. "I'm a little put out about the shirt, though. It was pretty nice."
Tony sighed, plating pancakes and putting them on the table. "Steve, I'm not used to taking care of other people. Not like that. Not when everything I decide could get them killed. Or I might have to tell them to get themselves killed. I can do that to myself, but..." Tony settled in front of his plate, still looking uncomfortable. "I'll bring it up. Maybe Fury's lost his mind in the past three days. That's the only way I can see him allowing it."
Clint hadn't missed Coulson wincing, and his brow furrowed as he watched the agent gingerly settle back into his seat. "Sleep'd be good. I need to catch up," he decided, watching Coulson carefully. "You might want to swing by medical while you're at it." The archer was starting to feel the aches of his own injuries, but most were superficial. A few small nicks over his eyebrow and on his cheek from broken glass, and a few not so small bruises. Realizing his own injuries drew his attention to some of the more visible bumps and bruises on Coulson. Grabbing the medical kit from under his seat, Clint cracked it open. "You've got a few cuts; there was a lot of glass flying around back there," he observed, rummaging around until he found what little gauze and disinfectant was left. "Man... always run out of gauze and bandaids first," he muttered as he started dabbing a fairly sizable laceration on Coulson's cheek, his free hand on the back of the agent's neck to keep him still.
"Yeah, good thing." Steve wondered at times if it wouldn't have been better to stay home, if Bucky would have been safer that way somehow. He also wondered what the Tessaract would have done if he hadn't been there. Steve closed his eyes and sighed. Whatever past issues he would have loved to fix, he was grateful for Tony's presence, for the man's warm embrace. "Thanks for making it worth the trip."
"Bruce is just being dramatic," Tony scoffed. "I'll be fine. I've got a backup loaded in the plane if this happens to not work. But it will. The nanomachines orient on the bracelets, attach to the arc reactor, and organize themselves into a suit. No worries." When Bruce continued to give him the "disappointed dad" look, Tony rolled his eyes. "C'mon, man, it's not like everyone who experimentally injects things into themselves has weird things happen to them."
"Can for a split second. Buzzed, anyway. I heal, so I don't get a tolerance. So a good guzzle gets me a two second buzz. And, y'know, you can like the taste o' beer without gettin' shitfaced. Which I'm guessin' is a category you fall into, since you didn't order Coors," the mutant countered, looking more amused than anything.
Logan nodded. He wasn't about to tell someone they'd made a wrong choice. A man's decision was his own. "Guess it's easier when you can remember everything that happened beforehand," he muttered, absently rubbing at the skin between his knuckles. He sighed, then looked back at Steve. "So I guess you're almost in the same shoes as me."
"If you try, you won't be the one getting to use that shiny new taser," Natasha agreed softly.
"I'm very glad to hear it. Though I think I would've hated to see you insane if this is you all put together," Phil deadpanned only to break into another grin at the warmth of Clint's leg resting against his own. It surprised him to find that such small gestures, thrilling as they were, happened to be easy and comfortable instead of terrifying and awkward. "Now I just need to get promoted so I'm legally allowed to keep secrets from you again. It could come in handy if we're together a long time."
Coulson nodded and offered Natasha a hand while she continued to hold onto Clint's. They walked silently down the halls with Natasha alternately putting her weight on one or the other of the men as the dizziness and pain came and went. He could see in the set of her jaw that she was determined to make the trip on her own power no matter how much it hurt. "We'll have a medical team on standby at all times."
"Yeah, Jarvis?"
Fury met his gaze evenly. "I don't care. I don't wanna know. Cap trusts you, I'm willing to give you a chance. You help my team get back in one piece and then we talk."
Holding the gun up, Steve explained, "This will fix it. It will neutralize what Loki did to you."
Logan gave Scott's hand a gentle squeeze, pressing his lips to the man's knuckles. "I can do that. Well... I will do that," he assured, standing and pulling Scott into a quick kiss. "I'm all about givin' you some space, but it don't mean I'm gonna give you breathin' room," he joked, giving Scott a quick wink. It felt good, having the man to himself, having time to himself. He didn't want to miss a second of it, but he knew that Scott was right. Livin' in each other's back pockets ain't good for anyone. "Promise me, though, that you'll call me in if you need anything. At all." He couldn't help feeling protective of Scott, especially considering Loki's visitation. The idea that the god might decide to drop in again gave Logan chills.
"Agent Coulson." Despite the cool tone, there was a faint uptick at the corners of the woman's mouth that showed she actually was happy to see them. "I'll have you boys tucked in by bedtime."
Logan pressed in close to Steve, closing the distance between them as much as he could without getting in the way of the blonde's steady thrusts. As Logan slowly pushed his finger into Steve's waiting entrance, he gave Steve a few good, hard bites on the shoulder.
Natasha opened her eyes and met Clint's gaze. "She should. Melinda May could kill you in your sleep before you even go to sleep."
Tony sighed but stayed perched on the edge of the bed rather than laying back down. "If Fury has his way, I'll be wearing a cone of shame before this is all over," he groused. Uninterested in Steve dwelling on his escape attempt, Tony changed the subject. "So how's the rest of the team?"
"Probably about as good as arrows. But Loki has a habit of bringing thuglettes with him, and those usually die pretty easy."
Natasha caught the last of the confession as she set down three trays, apparently unbothered by the burden. "That is good news." She sounded cool and collected, but a faint smile turned up the corners of her lips. "We'd be happy to have you back out in the fray with us, Cap."
Tony smiled faintly. "Long as it's with you, I don't really care," he assured as they slipped out of the shower. He couldn't resist snatching the towel away before Steve could grab it so that he got to enjoy drying them both off. "And, y'know, while you're reassuring yourself that I'm not a case of the crazies, I'll be not getting more than three feet away from you, so there's that." He pressed his lips to Steve's jaw as he closed the distance between them again. "I nearly lost it when I thought I was never gonna see you again." //Or maybe I actually did lose it for a second. Or a few days.//
Tony tugged at Steve as if to pull him closer, though there really wasn't a lot closer he could get. Instead, the billionaire settled for burrowing his face into his lover's damp hair, sighing happily at the closeness. "I didn't sleep," he said quietly, resting his chin on top of Steve's head. "When you were in the ICU. I mean, I know I stay up for days on end, but... Jesus, Steve, I couldn't even distract myself. I just... all I could do was think how badly I'd screwed up and how I might-" He swallowed, feeling himself tremble a little. "...lose you."
Pepper gave his hand a warm squeeze and managed a wavering smile. "Yeah. I know what you mean."
"It's a worst case scenario," Steve agreed quietly. Try as he might to be casual about everything, Steve doubted even Tony relished that particular thought. "You know the other options aren't good when somebody trying to take over the world sounds like a good way to go." He met Logan's gaze firmly. "It's important you know what's going on. If this is too much, I don't think anyone's going to blame you for leaving, but I really do hope you're willing to stay."
Scott hated the idea of Steve being hurt or even worse while they hid in his room. He sighed and ventured, "Think we should check in with somebody?" Given that the only people he knew in the place were likely to be at the man's bedside, he had no idea who to contact. "I don't know... text Coulson or something?" At least it would show that they cared.
"Of course you do, Mr. Barton. Where is he again?" Loki smiled coldly and stepped to the side just in time to avoid a second barrage from the strange gun Coulson had found. "And here I thought you'd learned your lesson about playing with toys you don't understand." He drew himself up to full height and peered at Barton. "Tell me, how is Ms. Romanov recuperating? I had hoped she would be so much more acquiescent..." Taking a step closer, Loki held up his newly forged staff for Clint to see. "Would you like to learn what this one does?"
Clint watched her suspiciously, backing away until his legs hit a gurney. The hammer hadn't dulled his ability to tell when someone was hiding something. Especially when it was Simmons. The woman was the worst liar on the planet, he was certain. He almost hadn't noticed Bruce sidling up to the young woman, and his gaze turned to the man.
He nodded his agreement with the idea. He needed the practice, and whatever capacity in which he ended up serving with the Avengers, they deserved to have an idea of his abilities. "Then I'll save the gun for the next round."
"Both? Really? Like I'm not even here," Natasha groused with a smirk as she sat up and stretched. "I'm gonna go get changed. Meet you boys downstairs in a bit." She slipped away without another word, casual as if they all slept piled up in bed together every day.
Clint hadn't missed the blush. He was oblivious to the real reason behind it, but he didn't hesitate to go in for the kill. "That's clever. I think I'll take the first option presented. Hot, sweaty, messy sex sounds a lot better than listening to Fury rant and rave. Could just be me, though," he allowed casually.
Nat snorted and picked up another shot. "You're missing out," she observed before tossing it back.
"Thank you. For what you did," he said, taking Logan's hand in a firm shake that belied his typically meek demeanor. "I know it wasn't as big a risk for you, but you're new to the team, and you didn't have to."
Jemma watched the video play, unable to keep from smiling as Captain Rogers appeared on the feed, all strong jaw and certain stance. There was no sound, but it didn't take much imagination or the field reports to play it out. "That would make sense. For all we know he has five broken ribs and a bloody nose right now and we just don't see them." It begged the question of why Loki hadn't simply tried to escape by being someone else. "He could have walked right out or surrendered as a member of the Brotherhood. He could have done this a thousand different ways," Jemma said slowly before looking up to Bruce, "but he told us the truth."
"What're you, David Attenborough now?"
"You don't know that," Tony snapped irritably. He wasn't mad at Coulson, but he was at the end of his ability to stay polite and quiet. "This... this is some Asgardian techno-magic shit, and none of us really knows what it is. We're cavemen with rail guns, and we just reverse engineered that... that thing overnight and on zero sleep." His voice softened as his eyes fixed, unseeing, on the wall next to Phil's head. "We don't know what it's done..." That was it. He'd created something that had obviously hurt and might kill the man he loved. Tony was used to using himself as a guinea pig when he'd come up with a new toy, but this... He wasn't sure if it was harder to deal with not knowing the gun's effects or with knowing that he was a big part of creating the gun in the first place.
Clint's jaw tightened, and he nodded. It hurt, but it was a relief, too. At least she knew and she wasn't shoving him out of bed and screaming at him in Russian for being an idiot, which was pretty much what his imagination had constructed as the most likely result. Smiling faintly, he pressed his forehead to hers as something else occurred to him. "You know, no one would ever believe that Natasha Romanov likes to snuggle," he teased.
Clint started to argue, then shut his mouth. "Fair. Maybe I could ask?" he suggested, pulling out his cellphone.
"Yeah?" Steve nodded his agreement. "Just something light. I think we've got a lot more interesting things to do than eating." He'd intended for Tony to come home to the suite put to rights. Instead he'd managed some light housekeeping and then collapsed into bed. It was annoying. At the same time, Steve realized in hindsight that he was glad he'd put the bulk of his energy toward resting up for Tony's arrival instead. "If you aren't too tired. If you are, maybe I should be getting you to bed. Uh, in a totally sweet and caring way."
Instead of pulling away or chiding Tony for the intimate lapse, Steve leaned in and nuzzled against Tony's neck in return. "Really can't wait to get you home so I can just lay next to you," he confessed. Even sitting next to the man felt like being a world away when he wanted Tony folded up in his arms. "You scared the hell out of me back there."
The pace of the music picked up, and Natasha drifted a little further away. "Come on. I think we've reached the point in the evening where shots are appropriate." She beckoned to a waitress and had a tray of shots on the way quickly. "Jello shots. We're going classic today, boys."
"And how often do ya get takeout here?" Logan wanted to know. He felt suddenly protective of Steve. It seemed like a pretty terrible idea for the seemingly more traditionally-minded blonde to hook up with a guy who probably changed partners more often than he changed his underwear.
"Not an enviable position."
"To deny closure," Bruce said quietly, his voice faintly rough. "Especially to Steve. Just... just to twist the knife."
Coulson arched an eyebrow. "Mmmhmm," he answered without any apparent faith whatsoever. "Are you hungry? We don't know what's going to happen in the next couple of days. I want you fed and rested. My life might depend on it." If Logan broke down on top of whatever was happening otherwise with Loki, they'd need all hands on deck and in control. "What's your poison, Barton?" Coulson asked, already leading the way to the kitchen.
"It might... if there weren't better ways to make me do it," Steve answered. He kissed Tony just beneath his ear and whispered, "Just think of all the things you could be doing under the table or that I could be doing to you without anybody knowing a thing." Tony enjoyed making him blush. He enjoyed making Tony look like he was on the verge of swallowing his tongue. "But for now, I'm thinking them knowing we're together is plenty." He glanced around the room and then back at Tony. "I always kind of figured if they wanted to watch they already were, I just prefer not to think about Maria Hill eavesdropping on any of this."
"This way, big guy. Catch the puny mutant!" Quicksilver taunted, moving back from Bruce's reach with every swipe. He laughed as the Hulk roared his frustration, luring him away from Loki.
Steve let out a shaky groan and finally coaxed his legs into moving. He couldn't help staring at Tony as the man moved, every sinuous step leaving more of his gorgeous body exposed. Steve almost forgot to see to his own clothes until he was stepping across the threshold of the bathroom. Steve left them all in an undignified heap right there and caught up so that he could catch Tony around the waist and pull him in close. It was still odd, the fit of their bodies together while his own form lay somewhere between normal and not. That did nothing to detract from the perfection of the touches. "Hope this is okay even before, y'know, the sleep bit."
Clint swallowed hard. Nat taking control of a situation always had the same confusing effect on him: he wanted to try and wrest control away from her, and at the same time he wanted to beg her to put him on a leash and make him her pet. He didn't let any of it show, his posture ready but neutral, more befitting a combat situation than their more intimate setting. What he really wanted was to cup her cheek in his hand, kiss her gently, and make love to her all night. Knowing that was out of the question, he carefully placed a hand on her hip and looked into her eyes. "Let me go down on you. For starters," he said, somehow keeping his voice level.
Coulson put a hand on the man’s arm and gave a slight shake of his head. “You don’t have to force it. It will come back to you or it won’t. It seems that Hydra may have left you one or two extra presents to deal with. There triggers… we aren’t clear yet as to whether it’s blood pressure, key words, adrenaline… So you may have to stay in here for a day or two while we try to pinpoint it.” He pulled his collar down slightly so that Bucky could see the bruises forming on his neck. “I hope you can agree that might be for the best at the moment.”
Tony managed to slip free from Steve as soon as they got in the doorway. "Oh, hey, forgot we had a wet bar--"
"Of course it doesn't, but it means... it seems as if it must mean something."
Clint sobered a little, watching Phil. "I can't imagine," he said quietly. "It was really brave, what you did. I mean... you had to have known that... that you...." //...didn't stand a chance.// Clint didn't voice the words out loud. It seemed condescending. "Wish I could've killed the bastard for you. I wanted to. Believe me. We all did. Even Tony got mad."
Clint shook his head. "It's not that." Well, maybe a little. Having Nat so close and still miles out of reach in a lot of ways was eating at him, but, "Mostly, just... all the stuff that's going on. I feel like I should be out doing something about Loki, and instead I'm stuck here, waiting for everyone to figure out the next step." It wasn't new. He'd played the 'hurry up and wait' game a thousand times. But Loki being out there, free, creating chaos wherever he could made it hard to deal with staying inside. "I guess really I'm just restless. It's actually kind of nice here. I mean, having you guys around. People to talk to." He still remembered talking to Steve about Tony and Logan. It hadn't been for his benefit, of course, but the opportunity to get to know a teammate better was never something he would scoff at.
//We were a mess together,// Logan reflected, fingers regretfully tracing a bruise. "Might've been a little awkward, cuddlin' in front o' all those agents," he admitted with a smirk, his hands resting on Scott's hips, teasing the crease between his hip and thigh with his thumbs. He sucked and licked lightly at the smaller man's collar bone, enjoying the low thrum of arousal as Scott shifted against him in a way that was distractingly intimate.
"Do we still have Doc Khieu on payroll?"
Tony squeezed Steve a little tighter, then loosened his hold, still a little scared of hurting the blonde. "Yeah. Yeah, you are, and it feels good," he decided, trying to take his mind off the terror he'd felt when they'd trucked Steve's near-lifeless form past him in the cell block. He felt tears roll down his cheek, and he bit his lip, taking a deep breath. He smiled faintly as he stroked a hand over Steve's slender shoulder, down his arm. "You feel perfect against me."
Logan also left, well aware how much the three gathered at one end of the table needed the space. Besides, he needed to get Scott caught up on what was going on.
In which Phil & Clint have a proper date, and it's exactly as adorable as it sounds.
"Jarvis is built into the entire building, you know."
Steve shook his head firmly. "Watching over you is our first priority. Whatever Bucky's part in this is... if someone's after you, we have to make sure they don't get anywhere near you." Before Tony could protest, he added quietly, "I'll talk to Director Fury. He can bring in Clint and Natasha. If anyone can find out what's going on, it's them. I'm staying with you." He knew that Fury would have been happy to assign someone else to watch over Tony and nurse him through his recovery, to be his bodyguard for the duration of the healing, but Steve couldn't stand the idea of anyone else doing it. Somehow Bucky was responsible for what had happened to Tony, which meant that he was too. "Get some sleep. I'll be right here."
The question was so heart-achingly sweet it could only have been asked by Steve Rogers. It warmed him to know Steve had no intention of rushing things. Given the time Steve grew up in, it should not have been surprising. "There are so few gentlemen around these days," Tony commented, inching closer. "I think a kiss would be the perfect way to round out this perfect evening." More nervous than he cared to admit, Tony reached up and caressed Steve's flushed cheek with his fingers. Then, gently and tenderly, he leaned in a pressed a soft kiss to Steve's inviting mouth.
Tony climbed out of the car with easy grace, walked briskly past the two men waiting, and handed his key over to the valet standing behind them. "No scratches, kid. Put 'er somewhere safe. Or don't. It's insured." He turned to face Steve and Logan, jerking a thumb back toward the very high-priced looking building behind him. "The Running Horse. Good place."
The woman appeared at his side so silently that Steve started when Natasha spoke. “Tony’s awake. He’d like to see you.” He was on his feet and at the door before she added, “Be gentle with him.”
"Yeah, well, if you took the blindfold off, I could've been a lot worse than a chainsaw," Scott pointed out as he took the prompt and slid smoothly over to straddle Logan's lap. It was warm and comfortable and really pretty perfect. Given his headspace, Scott knew SHIELD hadn’t been wrong to be cautious. He could have killed someone. As much as he hadn't exactly wanted to hurt anybody, if he'd had a shot at getting to Logan and they'd given him an opening, it could've gotten ugly fast. "Besides, we were both a mess. We probably would've been more of a mess together." He kissed Logan soundly to remove any sting from the words. "I like this better. I like it being really us."
In which things to very badly when Clint goes to talk to Scott but the team ultimately gets their first win in awhile.
Natasha didn't mind the interlude in the slightest. She lay back on the bed, her own hand sliding between her legs as she watched Scott begging his lover for what he needed. //Absolutely beautiful.// One hand reached out , and her fingers ran through Scott’s hair with deceptive gentility. "I'm not sure that was specific enough."
“Every step,” Steve agreed with a moment’s hesitation. “I know how strong you are. I know the stuff we’ve both done and been through - at least some of it. We can do this.” His fingers squeezed Bucky’s carefully. “You just have to remember that no matter what you did for Hydra, it wasn’t your call. They were pulling the strings. All you have to do is remember and tell us what comes and we’ll stop them. Together.”
"She will... but unfortunately that doesn’t stop me worrying."
"I hope so," Steve answered. He still remembered the heart-pounding fear he felt when Tony fell through the portal, those breathless moments before his eyes opened. It had been hell. Nevermind that earlier the same day he'd been ready to throw Tony through a wall. All it took was thinking that the man might be gone to realize that none of the fighting mattered. Steve shook it off with an effort and met Logan's gaze again. "You shouldn't give up, though. There's a right fit for everybody."
"I hope so too," Steve agreed, posture still slightly stiff as he sat down. It felt like a continual effort to keep himself together. At least in the lab it was easier in a way. Only Jarvis was watching and listening, and if he ended up balled up in a corner sobbing, the AI wasn't going to think any worse of him as far as Steve could tell. He glanced up at the sound of footsteps to find another group joining them. Some of the weariness dropped from his expression at the sight of Clint and Phil. "Welcome back!"
"Bribery. Excellent." Tony stood and gingerly pulled on a baggy t-shirt with Steve’s help. "Shall we?"
“Absolutely.” Steve’s phone buzzed, and he reached for it without letting go of Tony’s hand only to frown at the name there. Coulson didn’t generally call without a reason. “You get a shower, get dressed, I’ll meet you in the kitchen in an hour, okay?” He couldn’t resist brushing a quick kiss against Tony’s forehead. “I guess to do that you’ll probably need both hands.” Reluctantly Steve let Tony’s fingers leave his own. Already he missed the touch. “I… yeah. I’ll see you in an hour.” He was blushing by the time he ducked out of the lab again, but already the world felt like it might be a little closer to alright.
"It's just a nick," Clint protested as they moved back into the kitchen. "Pretty sure I've had worse." Then again, Phil or Nat had also pretty regularly been there to see to those wounds as well. He still remembered Nat digging shrapnel out of his back as they'd flown back from Budapest. "But thanks, dad," he teased, grinning broadly when Coulson gave him a glare. He had to admit, Phil was probably right. If not for his two friends, Clint would have been in a lot worse shape.
"This is a good place to start," Tony decided, picking up a copy of Entertainment Weekly off the coffee table. "We'll get you a subscription and you can keep up on the ever changing face of pop culture." He flopped down on the sofa, propping his feet up as he continued to regard Steve thoughtfully. There was a great deal about the other man he didn't know. Personal things. And Tony wondered how willing Steve would be to open up to him. "Have you dated any since you were unthawed?" Blunt and direct had always been Tony Stark's style. "Any one special you might be interested in, Cap?"
Tony hummed his approval of the idea. "I think that's definitely a plan. Shower, sleep... and then you can hold me down in the bed and make sure I never want to leave again, even if I can," he decided, pulling Steve into a slow kiss before his lips moved down the blond's jaw and latched onto that spot on Steve's throat that he knew so well. He raised a hickey there, then grinned as he drew away and moved toward the bathroom. "Just had to do that while it'll still linger for more than a few minutes," he threw back over his shoulder, shrugging off clothes as he walked.
It was easy to feel the carefully restrained strength in Loki's form. While the god was probably no physical match for the likes of his brother, against a mere mortal such as Tony, he was formidable. At least as strong as Steve. Fingers trembling from either arousal or nerves - Tony still wasn't sure which - trailed up under Loki's shirt, and he was pleased to find defined yet lean muscle underneath. His hands slid up to trail over the tops of Loki's hips, resting there as their tongues dueled. The god was incredibly skilled at kissing, his tongue stroking against Tony's in ways that made him tingle in all the right places. It was easy getting lost in the sensations, and Tony found himself humming his pleasure against the god's lips.
Logan held up a hand. "For now, I think I'm happier not knowin'."
Tony arched his neck into Loki's mouth, his chest into the hands teasing his chest. The mortal muffled his soft sounds of pleasure against Loki's skin until the god's tongue dragged against a sensitive spot, drawing a long, low moan from him. He gasped an affirmation and let blunt nails rake down the god's back as Loki rode him. Tony was amazed by the visceral response Loki's moans drove from him, the genuine pleasure the god seemed to be drawing from the encounter.
"Logan!" Scott jumped up from the couch but refrained from launching himself at the man given that Nick Fury was sitting at the table next to him. "When that weirdo showed up..."
Bruce couldn't help the smile that split his face. He'd blushed at the earlier compliment, and it was hard to find Jemma talking about hot chocolate anything but profoundly endearing. All things considered, it was nice to have something to smile about. He knew there'd be time for mourning and grim strategizing later. For one little moment, he was damn well going to enjoy himself. "I like this place," he decided. It was quiet, cozy, and didn't remind him at all of any of the miserable recent events. "I think hot chocolate sounds good." He'd originally planned to grab some kind of coffee, but comfort foods sounded a lot better. "Maybe a muffin, too."
It was several seconds before the feral mutant relaxed, his claws disappearing as he noticed that Stark wasn't half bad at this whole kissing thing, a low rumble echoing in his chest. Logan drew away, his normally bright blue eyes a few shades darker as he stared at the other man.
Steve considered how much he wanted to say and finally decided he needed to talk to someone. Nat was absolutely out of the question, Coulson was already almost as upset with him as Fury, Bruce was an uncertain equation on the best of days, and Thor had been out of touch for long enough that Steve had mentally written him out of most equations. "Yeah, I guess it is." Steve took a sip of his own steaming mug of coffee before he decided the best way to proceed was to plunge right in. "Tony and I recruited someone the other night, a guy named Logan. I'm pretty sure that should have warranted a memo too, but the Director was a bit sidetracked. Anyway, we recruited him. He and I hit it off and we ended up going out to dinner. We bumped into Tony, told him we were going to a club. We sort of got hijacked," Steve confessed, "but the club was fun. A little too much fun, maybe."
Tony was relieved to see Steve sitting up and wearing a smile instead of a mask, even if the expression was uncertain. Tony's was far less so. The second the door latched, he stood and walked to Steve's bed, settling on the edge of it. "I'm pretty much fine to walk now,” he assured when he caught the look on Steve’s face, “but don't tell Coulson. He's my limo driver until I'm 'better'," he said, mischief in his eyes. When Steve didn't seem to perk up much at the humor, Tony sobered as well. "Hey." He leaned in when the blonde looked up, pressing a slow, gentle kiss to his lips. "You look terrified." The observation was meant, of course, to invite whatever venting Steve needed to do.
Logan looked more annoyed than usual. "I have four phrases and a kung fu grip." He tried to focus on how much Clint was irritating him instead of the fact that they were in an airplane.
Loki reached for some oil from the nightstand and added it to the mix, smoothing it first over Stark's back and then down. Slick fingers gripped his ass and worked the muscle there before dipping between. The man was pliable and relaxed beneath him. Really Stark was rather lovely. He'd be worth fucking if nothing else. "Up on your knees. Let me open you up." Loki did his best to speak as little as possible. The whole point was for Stark to lose himself in fantasy, and Loki had no idea what Steve Rogers might say at such a moment, what platitudes he would spout to his lover. Frankly he didn't care. Loki rested himself against Tony's back so that the man could feel his hardness. "See what you do to me?"
Another tremor of lust wrenched at Tony as he did his best to thrust into his tormentor's fist. Sweat streamed down his face as he gasped out, "I want to be fucked... Steve, fuck me... Hold me down... and use me... fuck me... fuck me, please..." Need clawed at his senses. The cool, calm and collected Tony Stark was no more. The drug had unleashed the feelings he'd been repressing, and transformed him into a wanton creature of lust.
In which Tony and Steve have some fun and take comfort in each other between bouts of science.
Curiosity more than a desire for reassurance overrode any sense Tony might have had about such an offer. It was still Loki, after all. //Here's hoping it's not something I don't wanna know,// the billionaire reflected, cocking his head a little at the god. "One of your secrets, huh? Sounds valuable. I'm all ears," he decided, subconsciously leaning forward a little. He wondered what Loki could possibly be willing to share with him, especially considering the Asgardian was all smiles about it.
Victor woke from a sound sleep, frowning and wondering who the hell it could be. Loki never knocked, and no one else had the nerve to bother him when he was in his room. Wearing nothing but his pants, Victor opened the door to find Loki in the same state of dress and looking... well, blue. The mutant tilted his head at the god, raising an eyebrow. "Something I can help you with, boss?" he asked. He wanted to ask about the god's change of skin tone but figured it was one of those things best left unmentioned.
"All present and accounted for. Some bumps and bruises, but we're fine. So are the X-Men. A couple of them came to help us."
Steve wanted to say a lot of things in that moment. He wanted to throw around words like "love," but he knew it was too soon. When he did do that, he wanted Tony to be stone cold sober - as much as normal, at least - and not hyped up on heavy medication. There would be other days. Better times. He hoped there would be anyway. Steve smiled just the same. "Pretty soon you're going to be used to this. I'll be talking you out to fancy dinners, flowers... we'll be going out dancing."
Tony followed soon after, though far more quietly, gasping softly as he shot his release into Steve's mouth.
"See, everyone ignores the crippled guy. I need out of this wheelchair. Steve, you need to let me out of this wheelchair," Tony fussed, squirming uselessly against Steve's grip before subsiding and settling into the chair. "I'll be useful once I've had a chance to look at this thing and not just the barely-there readouts." Preferably up close. Tony had already resolved that he was going to slip past the blast doors the second no one was looking. All the measuring devices Bruce, Fitz, and Simmons had pointed at the artifact were obviously confused, and Tony wasn't the sort to sit around and scratch his head when the answers were right there at his fingertips.
"I feel like... a chandelier... just fell... on me," Tony groaned sarcastically. He managed a quick glance at the broken crystal glittering around him, but sighing at the expense of replacing the expensive decor only hurt his aching chest. Swallowing hard, Tony couldn't help noticing how attached Steve had become to his hand. Despite his injuries, he felt a warm sensation of comfort rushing through him. "Did you... see what... happened?" he wheezed. "I thought... I heard a shot... from a high powered... rifle."
They all hurried together to the elevator and then up to Tony's room. They were breathless and eager like a bunch of teenagers about to do something they knew was against the rules, and honestly they probably were. Steve felt sure this fell under the "sexual misconduct" portion of their contract somehow, he just didn't particularly care. Rules were in place for a reason, but they didn't really have any place in the bedroom.
Coulson had to admit they'd gotten a little off track. More than a little. He nodded his agreement and rose just in time to hear a knock at the door. Opening it, he found himself staring at Steve, who had his serious leader face on, and Logan, who looked ready to run at any moment. "Barton, we have guests."
Clint couldn't help feeling uneasy with the three of them talking about locking the hammer away. He lightly flicked the leather strap at the end of the handle while the other three were focused on their conversation. The powerful tingle radiating from it was tempting, though still a bit unsettling. Tony had called the weapon evil, but how could something that had saved his life, could save their teammates, be evil? "It might not be safe in the lab. Maybe someone should guard it..." he murmured.
A knock at the door signalled the arrival of a small, escorted press mob. "Looks like we're on."
Clint nodded. He knew that was the best they'd get unless Fury decided it was sharing time. He bit his bottom lip. "Well, considering how much Fury likes Rogers, I can't imagine him holding out if it's an option. I mean, it's not like Fury couldn't bury it like he did... whatever he did to you, and we all know Rogers could keep his mouth shut. Unless Fury's having to find a way around the council. I'd believe that, at least. They are a pretty epic pain in the ass," Clint observed. It still nagged at the back of his mind that it might be that whatever had been given to Coulson could be taken away. Deciding it was easiest to change the subject, Clint held up his his hand, palm out. When Coulson looked at him funny, Clint urged, "High five. Little bird told me you bagged the Widow."
It was Logan's turn to feel a little nervous, and not just because they were dropping altitude. He remembered how easy it had been for Xavier to toy with his mind, and Chuck hadn't had any bad intentions. "I'm startin' to get an idea," he said, gripping his seat white-knuckled as the plane careened wildly to one side and the pilot notified them it was time to get off.
The next thing Clint knew, he was quite literally being dragged from his sleep. Creed had him by the ankle and was tearing him away from Phil before Clint could even get a bearing on where he was. He'd kicked the mutant in the face before he really remembered where he was and got a bead on what was happening.
Tony nodded, looking as solemn as he ever got. "You got it," he said, giving Steve a clap on the shoulder. It was still weird, feeling affectionate toward Steve. Especially in a mission situation. He looked to the pilot as the plane bobbed and she announced they were on approach. The cargo door droned open, and Tony gave Bruce's parachute a final tug. "Not gonna join the chute-less club?"
Clint's eyes drifted shut as he savored the gentle contact. "Feels good," he murmured, reaching over his own shoulder with his free hand to slide his fingers up Phil's neck and hooked them behind Phil's head to turn the man's face towards him. It was a little bold, being in public, but he pressed his lips to Phil's, trusting that the agent would stop him if it was too much. It was hard for Clint to worry about it being too much when there were people more or less dry humping each other a couple trees over.
Bruce sighed. "This is about the exact opposite of what seems like a good idea."
He had Jarvis lead him back to Scott, and smiled at his lover, watching the man attempting to interact with Sif. The Asgardian woman towered over Scott, making the scene that much more amusing. "You two havin' fun?"
"I think we can do that," Logan agreed, lapping at a trail of sweat on Scott's neck. He shifted slowly, moving just enough to tease them both before he drew back and began thrusting slowly. "In fact, think we might haveta. You look too good when I'm fuckin' your brains out to go more than twenty four hours without seein' you like this." He nuzzled Scott's jaw, groaning softly as his lover squeezed him perfectly. "Might haveta bring Nat in once in awhile. She was pretty good at makin' you squirm, too."
Tony managed to drift off after an hour in which his mind ran through scenarios and specs and generally tried not to think too hard about the possibility of plan B having to be applied. He didn't really remember drifting off, but he woke easily enough. Steve had shifted onto his back in his sleep, and Tony had apparently followed him, leaving his arm draped across the blonde's chest. He pressed his lips to his lover's shoulder, watching him intently.
Clint glanced at his handler, one eyebrow raised. Of all the reactions to them shuffling miserably into a gas station, this was not a scenario that had crossed his mind.
Clint was pretty sure it was starting to get weird. First, the PJs, then... "So, I have t-shirts, too, huh?" he asked, smirking faintly, his hands shoved securely in his jean pockets as he leaned against Phil's kitchen counter. "Keep this up, and you're gonna make Rogers jealous. And Stark and Banner, too. Pretty sure they've got some merchandise. Looks good, though." It really did. Phil was lean, far from the athlete that Clint was, but he looked good dressed down. Much less intimidating, much more the geeky guy he was. //Whoa, wait. Where's that coming from, again?// Feeling slightly confused by the random tangent his brain had taken, Clint focused on their plans for a movie. "Ready?"
Tony parked the car and climbed out. "Anyway, you'll be fine. Time Magazine'll do some provocative, artistically challenged, exceedingly flamboyant magazine cover about how open-minded America is, then the latest American Idol star will do something tragically stupid and it'll never be spoken of again." Tony shrugged, stepping onto the elevator and pushing the button for his floor. "Uh... you guys staying with me, or...?"
Natasha raised an eyebrow, skeptical to say the least. "Tony Stark giving orders? Sorry, Cap, but there's nothing about that which sounds like a solid solution. Coulson has the most field experience."
Bruce edged quietly into the room, sensing the tension and trying to keep his own under wraps. Nobody had debriefed them when they got back. They all knew it had gone terribly, all knew that things were ugly. They didn't need to be told. He settled on the other side of Steve, wondering if Steve looked ready to run for any particular reason or if it was just the general situation. "Uh... evening, everyone," he said quietly, getting nothing but a stare from Fury for his efforts.
Steve beamed and threaded his fingers through Tony’s. “I’d be honored. I’ll even cook if you’d like.” He wasn’t a master chef, but Steve enjoyed cooking, and he doubted Tony got a home cooked meal often unless it was one of the nights where someone got a yen to make dinner for the team and invited everyone down. “The only thing that matters to me is the company. Dinner’s just an elaborate excuse to spend time with you. We’ll do whatever you’re up for. Whatever we’re both up for.”
"You know, I read in some article somewhere that ultimatums are bad for a relationship," Tony pouted, but pushed the coffee aside. "No more coffee, then. But you better be extremely naked when you come back. Maybe even super naked. Astonishingly naked. You can use my shower," he said, pointing toward the bathroom. "Hang on." Grabbing Steve by the sleeve, Tony snagged another blue hair. "This is interesting... Henry McCoy?" He looked at Steve askance, his expression playful, unable to resist teasing Steve a little. "Can't stay away from the scientific types, hm? You hussy, you."
"I'm not gonna put down any bets, but I'll try." Steve couldn't help but smile. Bruce was a good guy. He still remembered the awkward jealousy of watching him work with Tony at first. They had so much in common that Steve had a hard time feeling like part of anything involving the both of them. Eventually he'd come to realize that Bruce and Tony were close in an entirely different way. His heart leapt as the plane touched down, and Steve barely bothered to wait for the doors to open before he was hurrying from the plane. The sooner his report was filed, the sooner he could get back to Tony.
"I'm sure Captain Rogers understands that feeling well." Coulson returned the smile. "I also imagine there are benefits to not knowing, but you and I both know that none of us are going to be safe until we know what Hydra has planned. Right now you're our best link to that." He hated pushing too hard, but they needed the secrets locked in the man's head and to know that he wasn't a threat.
It took Tony a moment to realize what he was being asked, but when he did, he gave the god a wicked smile. "I know I can," he murmured, hands clasping on Loki's waist as he bucked his hips upwards. He knew Loki was manipulating him a little. A lot. It was getting easier and easier to not give a damn, though. Loki touched him in all the right ways, and it was just as intoxicating to watch the god squirm when Tony did something right. //Speaking of which...// He gave Loki's neck a few sharp nips as if to drive the point home.
"That's weirdly touching, Coulson," Clint admitted, digging his shades out of his bag as the sun leveled off in his eyes. "Guess that means I'm lucky you're my handler, huh?" he asked, poking at the radio until he found some music he liked. "And don't worry, I won't ask for the keys to the car or anything."
Steve winced. He felt guilty at the very mention of it. "No. The last time I saw him... the last time I saw him, Logan wasn't himself. At all. I know it's awful to say it, but it's hard to see him like that." As for Summers, he'd been rather sure that the man didn't feel like talking to people who knew what had happened, but Steve knew that might be an unfair assumption. "I'll check on them after we eat. If anything's changed, I'll let you know."
To his credit, Tony didn't make a single sound at the bite, though he could tell he was going to need some concealer for it later. "Deal," he agreed, reaching around Logan to grab at Steve's belt, "but both of you are overdressed."
Scott groaned as Natasha sank to her knees and unzipped Logan's fly. She was licking his cock like a lollipop seconds later, and Scott took himself in hand to watch the show.
Clint's first reaction was surprise. "You... would?" he asked, pausing to let Phil catch up the two steps between them and taking the man's hand. His next thoughts were to feel touched and then a little scared. Phil getting a permanent reminder of the archer embedded into his skin was a surprisingly weighty commitment. On the other hand, it was kind of a sexy idea, and Clint couldn't help but feel a little proud of the idea that he'd trumped the Cap as a theoretical tattoo prospect. And it was just theoretical. For the moment. Probably. Clint allowed himself a broad smile that said that he was mostly letting the idea go straight to his head and carried himself a little taller. "If I wasn't sure I'd have to surgically remove Tony to get his attention, I think I'd go brag to Rogers right about now," he teased, bumping his shoulder against Phil's and grinning faintly.
"Fair enough," Tony admitted, leaning in to nip at Steve's neck. He had to remind himself to trust Steve to tell him if anything was too much. His hand stroked more firmly over Steve's cock as he started working his lover's neck. He nipped and then sucked at the spot right below Steve's ear, raising a hickey before he drew back with a faint smile. "You'll still be wearing that one in the morning." It was kind of a satisfying thought in spite of the reasons for it.
The god's booming voice echoed uncomfortably through the ducts. "Sounds like the party started," Coulson muttered, noting that Natasha had quickened her pace up ahead.
"Sirs?" Jarvis interrupted, his voice somehow managing to convey reluctance over doing so.
"I don't know... Bruce?... but I've heard plenty about your crew. Your genius buddy there seems like the sort who enjoys pushing buttons, though. Would think he and the green rage monster would be like mixin' nitro and glycerin."
"Sit," Natasha ordered Clint, including Phil in her gaze. "I'll get something for you."
In which the situation with Loki comes to a head. Things do not go well.
Steve felt a rush of relief at the sight of the man. Just hearing his voice felt good on a level Steve hadn’t expected. He wanted to grab Tony and hug him, maybe even kiss him - and in that moment Steve realized just how far gone he was on Tony Stark and how horrific his timing was. “I’m not Nat,” he offered apologetically instead, “but I’ve been trying to check on you. I’ve been trying since we got back, and every time…” The longer he stared - and he couldn’t seem to do anything but stare and try to drink in every detail he could - the more Steve realized that Tony looked dead on his feet. The man looked as if he hadn’t slept in days, and he stank of sweat and booze. “How long since you left the lab, Tony?”
"Then that'll have to be good enough. But if you've got a long distance plan, I wouldn't mind you consulting with your mom before I get put in the same room with that thing again," Clint decided.
Logan frowned. He didn't like the idea much, but he wasn't going to argue. "Clingy" would never be an adjective used to describe him. "That's fine, if you need space," he allowed reluctantly. He took a swig of beer, looking thoughtful, then gave Scott a concerned look. "You gonna be okay, sleepin' alone?"
Fury continued with barely a glance at the man. "Stark has the lead on this. Banner, I know you don't like to suit up..."
Bruce had to duck behind a monitor and pretend to analyze something to keep from chuckling at the whole scene. Seeing Clint looking ready to swallow his tongue and Tony looking like he was wrapped around Steve's little finger was definitely making his day.
Bucky grimaced at the sight. He averted his eyes a moment later, shamed by his own actions. "I'm sorry," came his murmured apology. Bucky found himself growing increasingly frustrated with the entire situation. He couldn't trust himself to be around anyone. A word or an innocent action might trigger him to become a mindless killer. Bucky would never be able to live with himself knowing he'd harmed someone. Of course he'd already committed countless atrocities being under Hydra's control, but now that his identity was back, things were different. "Maybe... I should leave?" he said softly. "I'm too dangerous to be around."
"Probably not long enough," Coulson answered, taking a seat on the couch and patting the one next to him to encourage Clint to do the same. He wanted to press and find out just what Clint had seen in his dreams, but he resisted the urge. It wasn't his business if Clint didn't want to share it. "How long has it been since you had a real, solid night's sleep?" If Natasha was out of the infirmary, she would have been lecturing the man. Clint's odd schedule was a point of frustration to both Phil and Natasha, Phil because he was used to a relatively steady schedule on office days and Natasha because she believed that a strong schedule was a sign of proper self discipline.
"You could talk to Coulson. He does field work sometimes, but a lot of his thing is coordinating. I think you'd still get plenty of work done and use your usual skillset without having to risk someone rearrangin' your brain again," Logan said. For his part, Logan couldn't imagine giving up the work they did. His life felt strangely pointless without conflict, but he couldn't blame Scott. The man had reached his limit, at least for the time being. "But I wouldn't object to you tendin' bar, either. 'Specially if I could get ya to wear a low-cut shirt while you handed me a beer. You'd get all the tips you wanted," he teased, grinning into Scott's hair and placing a kiss to the top of his head.
If Tony hadn't been steady on his feet and his eyes hadn't been perfectly clear - //and warm, and brown, and beautiful// - Steve would have thought that the other man was drunk out of his mind. He knew he must have looked like a deer in the headlights, struck by the uncomfortable thought that Tony had somehow read on his face the dreams he'd been having, the rampant fantasies he couldn't shake.
Logan held Scott tight, glad that the man hadn't asked any awkward questions. It meant he didn't have to choose between lying and telling Scott something that would just leave him feeling guilty and probably angry at Logan, to boot. "Sorry I didn't mention it sooner. Just... I wasn't sure Loki was tellin' the truth about the whole thing, and I didn't wanna get your hopes up." He smiled a little. "We should try it out, though. Go for a picnic or somethin'."
Logan, fairly thoroughly distracted by the kisses to the most perfect spot on his ear, almost didn't register the sentiment. "Like hearin' that," he decided, running his fingers through Scott's hair. He nipped lightly at his lover's shoulder, careful to keep the contact gentle as he trailed his fingers down Scott's stomach once more, lightly teasing at the waistband of his boxers.
"I like that plan," Clint decided, his fingers idly tracing Phil's as he finished off his coffee and put the cup down on the coffee table. He was relieved that their relationship didn't have to be a secret. He was fairly sure that the RUMINT would be circulating fairly quickly anyway, and the headache of trying to keep it all under wraps would have been too much. //Though...// "You know some people are gonna think it's just me... uh... being me, if you know what I mean." People had speculated that Phil didn't even have relationships, that even the cellist had been bunk. On the other hand, most of SHIELD knew that Clint went through people like tissues. "It's not, I mean, but... I'd get it if you didn't want folks to know right away."
"I might. For awhile anyway." Scott didn't want to make any promises he couldn't keep, but the idea of having a home base again was a comforting one. He liked being settled. "I used to be mad at you for leaving them. Us. I get it now. There's no good way or good time to get away when you need to. You just have to go." He'd tried several times to subtly extricate himself but had always been drawn back in by the professor or someone else. In the end running made the most sense. He'd finally gotten the distance he needed. "I never expected I'd see you again out saving the world with a team. Decide you play well with others after all?"
Clint cried out painfully as a small shock wave rocked the room, knocking a few devices and jars from their shelves. He sagged a moment later in Loki's grip, sweating and trembling and looking like he'd just gone through withdrawal. "Okay... okay, lemme go," he muttered shakily. He felt himself again, and he sure as hell didn't want all the reminders that having Loki so close and holding his face brought.
Tony pretended to pout for a moment, giving Steve a harmless punch to the shoulder before stepping in close, his hands tangling in the man's shirt as he held Steve's gaze, smiling even as his eyes began to tear up. "I... God, I thought I was never gonna see you again. That was the worst part. The absolute... worst," he said, voice breaking as he buried his face in Steve's chest, relieved to breathe in the man's scent, to have him pressed close. "Love you."
"Sure." It was strange to think that he could actually get a buzz from the stuff, and the idea of a long, luxurious night softened by the alcohol sounded nice. Steve grabbed the glasses while Tony selected the vintage. Given that even when he did have a reason to drink he'd mostly stuck to cheap beer, Steve was happy to let his lover choose. He couldn't help but fixate on Tony's hands as he went through the ritual of opening the bottle. For a moment he considered opening his sketchbook, but Steve wanted the time with Tony more than a sketch, and he took his glass with a smile. "I think a toast is in order. To us."
"Black," Logan said, then cursed as he managed to break open an egg's yolk. "See, 'cook' is such a strong word. What I do’s more like makin' a loosely controlled mess. I'm better at cookin' stuff over a fire in the woods, but I can make a few things on a stove," he said, managing to flip the eggs without a problem. A few minutes later, and he was dividing up the results on a pair of plates and settling down at the table with them. "Dig in. Nothin' special, but it's edible." It was weird, thinking they might actually talk to each other at a meal. "So, how's it been at the mansion? How're Bobby and Rogue?" Scott had hinted that things weren't good with Charles and Jean, but Logan figured delving into that could wait for later. If later happened.
It wasn’t as if he would have said no to any coworker in trouble, but Phil Coulson wasn’t too proud to admit that he never would have said no to Steve Rogers. So when the man stopped into his office and asked him to keep an eye on Bucky and to get him out of the infirmary as soon as possible, he took the request seriously. Honestly Steve seemed to work hard at not being a burden to anyone most of the time. Even when most people would have been screaming for help, he preferred to deal with his own problems. If he was reaching out, Coulson was happy to do what he could.
The young woman smiled brightly in response and nodded her understanding. She was finding that she rather liked working alongside Dr. Banner despite his unusual reputation. He was interesting and a polite counterpoint to Stark's brasher, more grating personality. She was gone all of fifteen minutes. There wasn't a coffee shop in a three block area where she and Fitz weren't known. They spent a lot of long nights in the lab, which meant a lot of coffee runs. Eventually Director Fury had given in and made an expense account just for that. She returned the same bright smile, setting the haul down on a table. "I got a few extra muffins and things. I'm starving."
"Really, Dr. Banner, we have to stop meeting this way." Loki stood tall but wasn't above feeling a flicker of nervousness. The Hulk was a formidable adversary, and even with a few members of the Brotherhood flanking him, he would have preferred to have the massive green creature engaged elsewhere.
Scott didn't believe the words at first. He stared into Logan's eyes and could read everything there. A harsh breath left him, and he sagged into Logan's arms again. "I love you too. I think... even before Loki, and all this... I think... I think I pushed too fast. I wanted to be normal and okay, and I don't think I'm okay yet." His eyes fell closed, but he felt oddly at ease discussing so horrific a subject because he was discussing it with Logan. If he hadn't run yet, he wasn't going to. "Getting closer doing this, though."
Clint rumbled his approval of the move, planting a few more bites on Darien's chest. His hands tangled tightly into the other man's hair, and Clint dragged Darien in for another rough kiss. His hands moved down Darien’s sides, pulling him forward a bit so that his cock was sliding between Darien's buttocks, lubing him up with precum. He fumbled in his vest and managed to find some oil intended for gear. It was the best they were going to get, and he slicked it over his cock. After a few moments, Clint grasped his aching length and pressed it against Darien's entrance. "Sit on it... go on," he rumbled, his voice husky and anxious.
Bobby snapped out of it, nodding. "Right."
Thor gripped the hammer tightly as it quivered in his hand, trying to answer Clint's call much as Mjolnir would Thor's. Fortunately, Mjolnir seemed to give Thor the strength to resist its counterpart's pull both literally and figuratively.
Steve felt his stomach twist but still managed to smile warmly and greet the men and women as they filed in. He shook each of their hands in turn and tried hard to remember which name belonged to which person. "Thank you all for coming out. I guess... questions?"
Phil shifted first, kissing the top of Clint's head. "I could put on a movie. And you are staying the night," he added to Natasha, "but I have a king size bed. You don't need to sleep on the couch." He smiled wryly. "No one's getting laid for awhile, so you might as well be comfortable." He supposed it should've sounded crazier than it did, but somehow crazy had become their default. Natasha staying with them made as much sense as anything else they'd done. He knew it would be a comfort to Clint, and frankly he didn't mind the idea of a little extra back-up either just in case.
Tony shut his eyes, unable to even glance in Steve's direction or acknowledge him. The drug continued to affect his mind, making him nauseous and lightheaded. Tony did not trust himself for the first time in his life. Any second he might blurt out his feelings for Steve or dissolve into an uncontrollable fit of sobbing over the assault. He steadfastly refused to do either. Tony was vaguely aware of Thor raging around the room, eager to wreak havoc and being reluctantly calmed down. If only his own problems could be solved that easily. He caught a whiff of Steve's scent and nearly lost control of himself. Biting hard on his tongue, Tony barely managed to swallow the words he'd already confessed what seemed like hours ago. Then the memory of Winter Soldier came flooding back in bits and pieces, and Tony's body reacted accordingly. He started to tremble all over again, and felt bile rising to the back of his throat.
It took half a second to figure out how to arm the weapon, but that thankfully wasn't quite enough for Creed to recover himself. What looked like a ball of dark energy slammed flat into the feral mutant's chest. The recoil alone was enough to make Coulson stagger back.
"Ah, just a flesh wound," he replied with a shrug. "I've had worse. Remember New York?" He grinned flippantly am up at Steve before laying his head against the man's chest and closing his eyes. He listened quietly to his lover's strong, steady heartbeat and sighed. It was touching, really, how much Steve worried for him. Tony really didn't know how else to respond to it, though. "I'm not going anywhere."
"It sounds that way." It had actually sounded mostly like made up words, but saying so would have been rude, and Steve wasn't the type to be rude without provocation, so he kept the opinion to himself. "Does it really look like the gun'll do enough to take Loki down this time?"
"That's why I'm in sleep pants, not my suit," Phil agreed. He'd make an appearance in the office at some point, but he wasn't in a hurry. In the meantime, he was categorically opposed to the idea of being overdressed in his own home. "Want breakfast?" Cooking for Clint wasn't all that unusual, but cooking for him after they spent the night curled up in each other's arms was a whole other thing. "I could make omelettes, maybe some bacon?"
"Got it." Steve hefted the man over his shoulder and made a break for it. Logan would metabolize the poison even faster than he could himself if his files were any indication. They didn't have long. Coulson made a break ahead of him and had the elevator primed and ready. A few tense seconds of the four of them crammed into the elevator waiting and they emerged on the detention level. "Cell open. NOW," Steve snapped at the nearest agent.
He drove toward a cordoned off street just shy of the suburbs and found them a spot in a huge dirt lot. As they approached, the signs proclaimed the 'Sins and Needles Festival' in garish letters. "Maybe it's because getting tattoos is something we aren't really encouraged to do, but I find them fascinating. Plus this is more about artists selling work and music..." He trailed off, hoping that the excursion was one to Clint's liking as well. "I thought it might be interesting."
The archer pushed himself numbly to his feet and followed Phil out of the room. They'd gotten only a few feet down the hallway before he threw his arms around the other man and buried his face in Phil's chest. Tears came to his eyes and he struggled to breathe evenly as he held onto Phil like he was the only handle on reality Clint had. It was several moments before he calmed down, but he kept leaning against the other man. "Sorry," he murmured, taking a deep breath and finally straightening. "It's a lot to process."
"Don't worry, ma'am, I'll make sure he behaves."
"Barton, what, exactly, do you think you're going to do against the two of them?" the Director wanted to know. He jerked a thumb to the looped video of Scott using his powers. "One of them could kill you, nevermind both."
Tony gave Bruce his most reproachful stare. "I'm putting laxative in the next coffee I bring you."
"The fact that you don't have glass ground into your skin right now says otherwise," Steve countered, "and did I mention the singed hair smell?" He pressed a sloppy kiss to Tony's lips and rolled reluctantly away to get them a damp towel. It took a few minutes, but soon they were both more or less clean. Steve resumed his place pressed happily against Tony's side again. "Now I'm going to sleep. So are you." He batted at the hand already reaching for Tony's tablet. "No. Sleep." Steve put his head on Tony's shoulder and an arm across his midsection, effectively pinning his lover. "G'night."
"No one's business. I know," the man agreed as gently as possible. "That's solid logic except when it isn't, and it isn't. You're not just Steve. You're Captain America, and we both know that's not a no strings attached proposition. You'll have to talk about it. Tony too if he's willing."
"Good. Because if you keep holding back secrets, I'm gonna get some of that truth serum from Fitz-Simmons and stab you with it," Clint threatened, smiling as Phil burrowed into his neck. "I still have to hunt down your ticklish spots and find out what embarrasses you most. Other than Nat announcing that the two of you got busy on a mission." He thought a moment. "Oh! And I have to figure out what makes you blush. Like really makes you blush. Uncontrollably."
Deciding that further theatrics might get them all killed, Clint spoke up quickly, "They've modified a Hydra gun to shoot evil Mjolnir energy, but it sucks the life out of anyone who uses it, and you're the only not-crazy person who might be able to take enough of that to cure Nat, Logan, and Summers."
Coulson sighed. “No, you won’t.” He reluctantly pulled a syringe from his pocket and slipped the needle into Bucky’s flesh and blood arm. Within moments the man’s body slumped against him. “Sorry about that, Mr. Barnes,” he whispered before calling for another agent to help him move Bucky safely to the infirmary. It would have been easier to get a feel for his condition with Bucky awake, but it was dangerous.
Loki looked more surprised by that than he had by anything else Stark said. Slowly the look of shock faded into a smile, softer and more genuine than the ones that had come before it. "Thank you," he finally said after a long silence. "It's hardly sufficient given the fact that you have every reason to hate me and yet you... I honestly can't recall the last time someone sat and listened to me without being compelled to do so." Barton had been a rather fantastic listener, but it was part the fact that the man was compelled and part the fact that Loki was fairly certain the man spoke mostly to make jokes, and he'd been rather clear about that not being a option. But Stark was sitting there and simply talking to him. It was baffling on so many levels that Loki found himself floored by the act. "I will endeavor not to destroy any valuable property. I hope that you will take no offense if I also take great pains to avoid my dear brother as much as possible."
Obviously not willing to be put off what she considered the task at hand, a sharp-faced older woman countered, "How long have you and Tony Stark been together?"
"Giving ourselves explosive gas is also a viable approach," Clint deadpanned, though he couldn't bite back his smirk for too long as he led them over to the rows and rows of picnic tables. Finding one that didn't look like it was covered in West Nile virus, he settled in, making sure to pat the bench next to him. He tucked into the funnel cake and potatoes, grinning at the first few bites. "God, I'd forgotten how good this stuff is. Phil, I hope you realize this is going straight to my thighs. Right now. As we speak." It wasn't, of course. Clint still had the metabolism of a teenager.
Eyes fluttering momentarily closed, Loki still reached out and gripped the hem of Tony's shirt. He tugged insistently and, when it still wasn't off fast enough, tore himself away fromStark's questing lips to jerk the man free of the shirt. His eyes were a shade darker than normal, expression intent as he took the view in. It was different, somehow, seeing Tony bared willingly for him. He rose for a moment, slipping gracefully from the bed and slithering free of his pants before rejoining the man on the bed. "Perhaps you should consider doing the same," he suggested in a smooth whisper.
Steve had frankly been scared to bring it up himself, but he beamed when Bucky did. The fact that things had gone well with Tony had him all but walking on air. He wanted to share that with his best friend. “He agreed to let me cook him dinner tonight. He’s… what happened still has him upset. He thought I’d blame him.” The idea still made Steve’s gut twist, and he could barely look Bucky in the eye for a moment. “It was bad. It’s probably going to be bad for quite awhile. I want him to meet you, the real you, but I…” Steve looked up with a rueful smile. “I think it’s gonna be a long time before he’s ready for that.”
Steve ducked his head at the intense scrutiny. "Uh, thanks. I appreciate it." When Tony finally started looking for something for himself, he carefully began stripping away the tux and starched white shirt. Changing in front of other guys was certainly nothing new, though it felt decidedly more intimate doing the changing in Tony Stark's bedroom. True to Tony's prediction, the sweatpants did fit, but they were skin tight, and so was the shirt. He frankly felt ridiculous, but it had been nice of Tony to find something for him, and Steve was nothing if not polite. "So when the Tower opens up, will you be moving in with us?" Avengers Tower - formerly Stark Tower - was almost finished being refitted as the official team headquarters. Most of them were planning to stay in the suites there at least most of the time. Tony was another story. Steve knew that being part of the team alone was a stretch for him.
The things Logan's tongue could do were enough that Scott almost didn't notice the man opening him up at first. It was a low undercurrent of pleasure that rumbled happily along beneath the more active parts of what they were doing. He was too busy sucking on Logan's tongue to demand more, but the desperate shifting of his hips probably said it all. They both needed it. They'd lost someone, and that hurt like hell, and Scott wanted to blow that away until he could only feel Logan above him and inside him, surrounding him.
A panel in the car, previously hidden, lit up. "Sir?"
"You bet it is, sweetheart," Logan replied, leaning down to nip at her neck as he deftly unfastened her bra with one hand. He gently cupped one firm breast, lightly twisting the nipple between thumb and forefinger. His mouth made it's way up to her ear, licking around the edge of it before lightly tugging on her earlobe. His other hand was sliding down the back of Scott's jeans, groping the man's ass and pulling him closer to both of them. "Though I couldn't personally tell ya if he's as good at eatin' pussy as he is at suckin' cock."
Fury bridged his fingertips together and slouched back casually in his chair, counter to everyone else's tense postures. "Loki's not one to go it alone. He knows he can't stand toe-to-toe with his brother, or with us. He knows a regular army wouldn't work," he glanced at Bruce, "and he knows that he can't easily drive a wedge between the bunch of you, so he's got to have a different strategy."
Clint could hear the exchange. His cover blown, he closed on the door to Scott's room immediately. He knew if he said anything into his mic, Logan would likely hear it. He hoped Coulson would realize the archer had his back if it hit the fan.
Internally, Coulson cursed that Logan wasn't more relaxed and couldn't let Scott be for five minutes. Outwardly, he offered the man a sympathetic smile. "You don't have to do anything. We aren't going to. I just want you to be open to the possibility that something is off and be on alert. You're going to spot the holes before anyone else. Don't let yourself be blind to it. Don't explain it away. If you need help, ask for it. I'm not looking to take sides or create friction with you two, but I don't want someone getting hurt because we let it slide."
"See? Enough for every--body," Tony pointed out, his voice cracking a bit as he heard a quiet 'snikt' and his undershirt was sliced off his back. From the pain, he also felt certain Logan had nicked him a bit in the process. "Jesus... You can definitely just ask me nicely next time," he groused.
"They all think you dead. For all they know, all I've done is dispose of your corpse. Since no one expects you to be alive, no one will be looking. Not even your lover." Loki reached out and grabbed Tony's hair, jerking the man's head back with all the strength he had. "You may not care for yourself, but surely you can appreciate the fact that he'll be destroyed. I know that I do. It's the least the lot of you deserve after all of this. I may have borrowed a bit of information, but you stole from me, you tried to kill me... what should I take from you?"
Between the feel of Phil's hands on his shoulders and the words, Clint couldn't help the low sound of pleasure that rumbled in his throat. "Well, lemme know when you're ready to collect payment, boss," he murmured thickly, dipping his fingers into Phil's waistband. It was a tease. Mostly. Well, if Clint were honest with himself, he'd have gone right for it right then if Phil had given him the green light. //Let's hope he has more self restraint than I do.//
There were a few kids from each house milling around their tables, quietly chatting and eating. At the Slytherin table was Daphne Greengrass along with her friend Tracey Davis. Right next to them at the Ravenclaw table was Luna Lovegood who was quietly talking about her mysterious creatures. Right next to Luna was the Hufflepuff table who only had one occupant, Cedric Diggory, who gave a nod and quick smile in Harry’s blushing direction. At the teacher’s table was Pomona Sprout and Filius Flitwick.
Taichi grins as he brushes away his tears, leaning up to throw an arm around Daisuke's shoulders, “Look at that you ass, you’re taller than me. What are you a giant?”
Tony smiled, immediately making a note, “Correction, move Meg and her girlfriend up to Lady Aphrodite friends, hovering on Lady Hestia friends.”
“Tony, care to explain?” Bruce called attention to himself as he waved to the group.
“Thanks Brucie.” Tony croaks out as he picks up the mug between shivering hands.
Pepper loudly gasped, the other jumping at the noise, “Really? But you’ve only had me and Rhodey in there for a while, and Arthur is in Lady Aphrodite.”
After around 30 minutes Tony heard the doors open and saw a rather large group of people walk in.
Tony smiles and starts to work on Steve’s feet. He works down the thigh and down to the calves over to the soles of the feet, working out the tension and soothing the muscles. Tony finishes up and places the lotion away, then tucks Steve into bed.
“You’re gonna take a bath and I’m going to wash you in a completely non-sexual manner.” Tony said.
“Yea yea you say that everytime.” Raven impatiently waved his hand as he turned toward the group, “Anyway who are these bozos, you never hung out with your friends before, it’s always work, eat, play, sleep with your dumbass.”
It’s been a while since Grid joined their guild and he’s been thinking of doing something completely unexpected that he thought he’d never do, make equipment for people without asking for gold in return.
“Most likely his brother, me and him have talked about him enough for me to recognize the mood.”
“Hey there, I just got here after collecting everything.” Aether said, completely out of breath as he laid the flowers and lantern down on the ground.
“Is that what you are Friend Anthony?” Thor said as he came in, dressed in a simple large t-shirt and sweats.
Daisuke stretched, loosening his muscles and popping his bones, as he walked up to the master suite.
Daisuke called Veemon, letting the Digidestined process the information dumped on them. The call lasted 5 min as Veemon assured Daisuke that it’ll be taken care of, and he also said that Dai could bring them over for a massive sleepover at his house where Dai said he’ll let them know.
Daisuke pulled out his phone and quickly dialled Veemon’s number who answered rather quickly.
Regas cheerfully nodded as he started to walk toward the pointed direction, not even pausing to let Grid on the ground.
“Come on ‘Mione, it was an accident.” Harry pouted.
That afternoon the Avengers would learn that they’ve been wrong about the man with the pokesoul of a Beautifly.
“Well alright.” Flynn uncertainly says, staring at Yuri holding her with longing conflicted feelings rising in him.
“Eternally Shining Comet.” Elena says, as a large star appears in the sky, quickly falling downward toward the enemies, destroying most of the ones left.
“Hey J, how’s everything looking?” Tony called out as he got up to put the glasses back by the coffee machines.
“Don’t try to change the subject my star” Elena pinches Robin on the cheek, “You do need a husband, the amount of times I had to stop someone from attacking you is far too many.”
Tony sighed, running a hand through oil coated hair as he walked towards the school library at his college. He took a deep gulp of his piping hot black coffee, inhaling the rich scent. This past week he’s been up 24/7, pulling all nighters every day, as he studied for all of his exams, including but not limited to Physics, Organic Chemistry, Calculus 3, Philosophy, French, Spanish, German, Japanese, Quantum Physics/Quantum Mechanics, Biology, Anatomy, and Physiology. He knows he shouldn’t have taken so many hard classes this semester but he had 1 year left on his Ph.D for Mechanical Engineering and he wanted to get his other classes ready for his other Phds.
They arrived at the bathroom and quickly stripped out of their clothes, and now fully nude went into the shower.
“Hmph.” Harry just turned his head as he heard the giggles of the others, “Anyway I need to go finish my christmas shopping so have fun.”
“Well we should get going, I wanna start on this quest and I gotta level up a bit.” Pon and Zednos were the first to leave, waving goodbye to the others.
Clint paused and thought of it, “I’ll do Italian style, don’t feel like eating grease.”
“Alright I’ll be going now, so I’ll see you all in a few hours.” Aether nodded to everyone, before he walked out of Angel’s Share and teleported to Liyue.
Tony absentmindedly nodded his head as he glanced at his watch and saw that it was 7 AM, the time he usually opened the store anyway.
“I know Meg.” Tony offered another frail smile, “I will soon, but I need to finish finals first.”
‘Those two have definitely been the light of my life, especially after I got too busy to hang out with my friends.’ Daisuke mournfully thought, staring at a large group picture of the original digidestined along with the second group of them, staring particularly at a picture of a certain blonde named Takeru.
Daisuke pulled out a white button up shirt along with black dress pants and walked into the bathroom, quickly taking a shower. He dries himself off and pulls on the clothes, pulling his long hair into a loose ponytail.
First was Alexander Motomiya, a bright and cheerful boy who’s always willing to help Daisuke out with anything. He has windswept blonde hair that he constantly brushes out of the way, and bright emerald green eyes showing off curiosity benefiting a 12 year old. His partner was Moonmon whose final digivolution was Dianamon, an Olympian.
“Finally this is Steve Rogers.” Muscle hunk gave a small sweet smile, immediately giving Tony butterflies in his stomach that had nothing to do with what he’d eaten, or lack thereof, earlier this morning.
“If you allow me to, yes.” Yuri says, grinning as Flynn leans back and looks up at Yuri expectantly. Yuri leans forward, and savors Flynn’s soft lips and the taste of caramel coffee on his tongue.
“This feels absolutely amazing love.” Steve whispered as he was overtaken in the pleasure of the massage as Tony continued to work on his back.
“Right so I’ll need order’s and name’s.” Tony said.
Tony waved off Steve, feeling oddly giddy and happy, getting ready to tell Pepper, Rhodey, and Bruce all about his new date.
Tony moved his arms, revealing the sparsely covered chest which contained the arc reactor. Tony suddenly gasped, falling down with a quick “Fuck.”
“What the fuck?” Cedric said in shock.
Tony walked out into the bathroom before he set the water to a temperature bordering on too hot. He set out some shampoo, body wash, conditioner, and a scrubber before he laid out a couple fluffy towels. When the tub filled up he turned off the water, and preparing for Steve, he took off his shirt and set it aside. He walks into the bedroom and sees Steve completely naked on the bed, showing off his whole glory. Tony ignores that and takes his boyfriend, by the hand, into the bathroom.
‘Who knew that I would end up liking Takeru after realizing that my feelings for Hikari was pure friendship, but I guess it was good I moved before realizing.’ Davis thought, his face contorting into a contemplative face. ‘I found out I was aromantic and asexual after I moved, only after I talked too an employee of mine who was able to help me realize. Sadly I haven't been able to see them for the last 2 years, not even any messages, today will be the first time I see them so I hope they enjoy my surprise.’
“You sure you don’t mind me here?” Grid asked in concern as he glanced down at Regas.
“Dai are you coming? Alexander and Tsuki are already eating.” Veemon called through the doorway.
Harry smiled some more as he saw all  the christmas decorations lining the common room. There was a christmas tree in the corner of the room, adorned with globes of spinning light. There was sparkly tinsel lining the arms of the tree, with little army men marching to an invisible beat. The star was brightly shining, matching the shine of the fireplace.
Tony just spared a wry smile, unaware of how fast Steve’s heart started to beat at that, “Well usually everyone gets their soul pokemon when they’re around 10-11 right?” The Avengers nod in agreement as they’ve all gotten their pokemon at that age, “I’ve had Bellissima here since I was 4 years old. So we’ve been training for around 31 years. Now because of this Bellissima is pretty damn strong and because of this she wants a mate that’s able to beat her or provide a challenge. I’ve literally been all over the world and no where can I find a Pokémon that Bellissima can’t beat.”
“Jesus Christ that’s a big house.” Yamato says, actually shocked at seeing the house and the entourage of butler’s and maid’s.
“Ready as I’ll ever be I guess.” Daisuke shrugs, shuffling his nerves, “Thankfully Olivia is a good assistant and does an amazing job. Asher and Crise are great competitors and will help protect the company from untoward individuals.”
“Enjoy” Harry waved his hand as he took a bottle of butterbeer and treacle tart as he enjoyed the food.
“Yes, I like all of you, and I want all of you.” Tony says, standing more confidently.
“Hey sweetheart.” Steve muttered in Tony’s ear.
Veemon, Alexander, and Tsuki follow them as they pick up their luggage and walk to the entrance of Odaiba Park.
Tony grinned as he turned around and kissed Steve, “Hey honey, how are you?”
“Shut up Yufine.” Robin mumbles in embarrassment, “No need to spill all my secrets.”
Meg laughed at the cute pout he made, quickly punching in his order as she grabbed a couple blueberry pastries and handed them to Tony after she put them in a bag.
“Damn that’s well thought out.” Steve whistled as he listened to all of the thought put into that.
After that Daisuke spent his time working at the company, learning the ropes of how to be a good CEO and how to run a company. Thankfully the workers were very understanding of his circumstances and always helped Daisuke whenever he needed anything, in return Daisuke paid them back with noodles made at his ramen cart, which pretty soon everyone that worked them started to worship them as
“Yea like the time that you shattered all the bones in Ron’s arms with  a mace.” Hermione dryly replies.
“No need to be nervous around us.” Thor said, offering a kind smile.
“Sure Dai.” Veemon amusedly watches as they drop, before going down to work on some paperwork.
Tony sighed, “I never told anyone?” He looks around and gets nods, “I have a condition called Congenital Analgesia, which means I don’t feel any pain. For example I could be having a heart attack and I’ll never know, or I could be dying and I’ll never know.”
“Loki?” Clint says in disgust as he thinks about the god that mind controlled him.
“Just rest Tones.” Bruce whispered, kissing Tony affectionately on the crown of his head.
“He’d listen Steve. You know he would.”
He poked at it a few times, before shoving it at Steve until he held it loosely in his hand. “You need to take that, plug it into the servers, any port. I can access it wirelessly from there.”
She nodded, “but you do, and you have, and you will.”
He’d wanted to see Tony smile at him, for Tony to keep his hand on his knee. He’d just wanted to make Tony happy and he
Steve grabbed his shield, ran out followed closely by the others. He turned towards the sky “what have we got Iron Man?”
He stopped mid line, completely enchanted by the view before him. Tony's body moved precisely and gracefully as he almost danced around the hunk of metal in front of him. His hair was disheveled as it usually was when he had been down in his workspace for too long and his face was lit up by sparks of yellow, red, and orange that flew at him. Steve's eyes trailed down to linger over the way Tony's black tank top clung to his chest, contrasting with the way his oil stained jeans hung low and loose on his hips. He was a mess, no doubt about it, but he was also lovely and beautiful and, Steve thought, almost ethereal.
"I'll take your word for that"
Tony sniffed slightly, his mouth moved open and closed in tiny abortive motions but he stayed soundly asleep. Steve found himself distracted by the sheer amount of cute he just witnessed. “I—okay then.”
Steve rubs a hand through his hair and stretches "No? How long have I been asleep?"
The weeks blurred by, full of dinners and movies, lunches, coffees, museums and walks through the park. When Steve took the time to look back on it, he felt incredibly thick that he hadn’t noticed that what they were doing was considered dating. Or at least that must have been what it looked like on the outside, and almost definitely what it looked like to Sharon.
“I—yes. It’s not you, it’s me. I—“
For the first few minutes everything went well. The droids were bursting in the air, some knocked down so that they were just close enough for Steve’s shield to take them out, and the bridge was steadily being cleared in an almost orderly fashion give or take a few hysteric people.
There was no reply so Steve let all of his attention fall to the book, cracking it open to the first page. The further he got, the more the pages seemed to taunt him. The sheer amount of pictures he had of Tony left him dazed and completely confused.
Yes, well, apparently Tony was his favorite also.
There was no doubt in Steve’s mind that Tony would one day know how Steve felt. Either Tony would find out himself and confront him on it in which case Steve would tell the truth. Or, Steve would build enough courage to tell Tony himself.
, you remember that?”
“Yea well this shit is tiring.” Daisuke sighs, running a hand through his hair, “Hold up lemme call Veemon to get the kids, they need to sleep.”
Tony smiled as he stared at the other’s having fun and acting like little kids. He thought about all of their pasts and how this moment makes it all worth it, moments they can act with nothing in the world holding them down. No kidnapping, no missions, no world saving business, no torture, and no bad pasts holding them down. All that matters is now and the people around them.
Yuri just doesn’t care about feelings, can be interpreted as aromantic asexual Yuri Lowell. He also introduces his younger brother Karol to his longtime secret dance friend, Olivia Montague, a British Royal.
Steve turned around, face aflame in red, “Will you go out on a date with me? I know it’s sudden but it feels like we have a connection somehow.”
Robin hums, thinking how to best reply, “They’re people I met when I traveled to another world after I accidentally fell through their Chaos Rift.”
It was silent as everyone went through the process of signing each page at the bottom.
Yuri just calmly looks back at her, unbothered by the fury, “I got a job as soon as I wanted to adopt them, and my boss after hearing that I wanted work to adopt kids decided to give me a promotion, granted it was after I showed sufficient knowledge to be in a high ranking position, and gave me my paycheck early so I could buy a house and fix it up in time to be able to adopt them. I ain’t gonna lie, this was the best decision I’ve ever chosen for myself.” Yuri says, pride evident in his tone.
Steve and Bucky took the other recliner, basically laying on top of each other, while Liepard hid in the shadows and Braviary perched on the wooden peg a foot above the couch.
“Robin cuddles?” was heard from several of the Shepherds as they stared at the group in front of them.
“Sorry about that Dad, he ran off as soon as he saw you.” The girl, presumably Rita, glanced apologetically at Yuri before she leaned down, letting Yuri kiss her forehead and grab Karol, further shocking the group in front, “I barely had time to grab the old drunk and come here.”
“Enough small talk. Tell me what classes you’re taking.” Pepper demanded, pointing at Tony almost looking like a regal queen.
Harry’s face lit up as he happily nodded, “Sure I’ll take you up on that.”
“Meh somewhat, I was up until around 1 doing my homework. I should probably take a nap or something since I’m gonna be really tired the rest of the day if not.” Harry muttered the last part.
“Are we done here?” Robin asks, looking at Chrom.
“Now what?” Steve asks, turning intense blue eyes on Tony.
Tony winced sympathetically before he reached over and pulled Steve up, leading him to the bedroom, “I have an idea on how to destressify you.”
After around 5 minutes everyone separated  but they made sure to stay close to Daisuke, as if making sure he didn’t disappear.
None of them heard the camera click and the small snicker as Hermione walked away.
Tony Stark has spent the past 7 days living off of coffee, for the sole purpose of studying 24/7 for his finals. He stumbles into the library, coffee clutched in his hand and runs into Pepper with Steve, Natasha, Bruce, Thor, Bucky, Wanda and Clint who are all studying for Biology. They all immediately become concerned with him even if Tony is only friends with Pepper, and doesn’t know the others.
After the team raid against the 6th mage of the Vatan church, Grid decides to do something that shocks him and his teammates.
Chrom says nothing, tilting his head in consideration, absorbing the influx of information. Chrom doesn’t know what to do with this, considering that this is the first time he’s met people from another world, and that these are the first Chaos Rifts they’ve ever encountered.
Tony waves his hand nonchalantly, not paying mind to the nauseous looks of the others, “I could handle them, I got all the backup armor in the lab to fight an army.”
“Tony.” A voice called out.
“Y-You like me?” Takeru said, voice shaking.
“Whatever goodnight.” Takeru huffs, dragging himself to Daisuke and laying on his chest.
“We’re going home.” Natasha whispered with a soft smile.
“Really? Damn.” Tony says in surprise, staring at all of the others who were also doing the same.
Xiao, while still confused, responded, “Yes there should be a shop by the Jewellery store that sells all types of festive Lanterns.”
“Yes yes but come now children we should leave them alone for now.” Natasha gestured to the others as they all quietly left Tony and Thor to their devices.
“Excuse me what the fuck?” Clint says, eyes filled with disbelief.
“Honestly, no reason. I like you guys so Imma make you some equipment, also the pseudo-quest has no time limit, you have as long as you want to do it.”
Steve followed, groaning as his arms and back aches in protest, “Hopefully it’s just relaxing in bed, I don’t have the energy for anything more than that.”
“Harry what the fuck?” Cedric just stares at a sheepish Harry.
“That answers your question?” Yuri questions.
“You can do Nat first.” Wanda softly said, smiling at Tony and Natasha as they turned, a question mark in their eyes.
Tony just glances at Steve, confusion swimming in his eyes as he answers Bucky, “She went to visit Ghiaccio, a Walrein she met and battled on the Pacific ocean. She brought him here and after he was healed he submitted to me allowing me to call him when I want. I also have a Pelipper called Tempesta, a Sceptile named Boschetto, a Rhyperior named Monte, and a Milotic named Magnifica.”
A quick “What?” came from behind them as they turned around and met the alarmed faces of the Shepherds.
“And what is this exactly?” Steve asked, sitting up with Bucky in his lap.
“What?” Tony turns a confused face over to the heroes.
Daisuke lets the smile fall as he sighs, “I know you meant about actually seeing Takeru, wondering if he has a girlfriend or something, and about seeing the rest of our friends that we haven’t seen in 3 years, including my family. I’m nervous, extremely so, but we just have to deal.”
“Dobby.” Harry called out, as the excitable elf popped in with various foods and drinks, leaving right after.
“Yes we will.” Bucky steps up, then looks over his shoulder mischievously, “We can’t have the  guy we all like dying before we make him ours.”
“We’re here Boss.” The driver/bodyguard answers as he opens their door.
“What can you do?” Hermione whispered as everyone in the Great Hall leaned away. Hermione grabbed a large bag that she dragged in and opened it right in front of Harry, and much to the shock of everyone, weapons of all kinds piled out.
“Oi who are you kids calling the old drunk? Didn’t your father teach you manners.” A gruff voice broke through as another guy came to them.
Yuri grinned as he pulled out his ID from his wallet passing it forward, “I know they scouted me out when I was job hunting and said they wanted to hire me, and after explaining my circumstances to Don he tested me and immediately promoted me to his personal assistant.”
“That’s impressive, good job Yuri.” Flynn softly said, glancing at Yuri.
“Go.”
Olivia again ignores Flynn’s breath of relief and Sodia’s fury, beaming up at Flynn, “But darling what a way to confuse everyone, you know you like it.”
“That’s it baby, feels good doesn’t it?” Tony coos at Steve as he squirts some body wash onto the scrubber.
Daisuke bounced his leg, his nerves starting to get the better of him, “We have 1 hour, Oh God.”
“Yea sure.” Tony mumbles as he hides his blushing face looking at Steve out of the corner of his eye.
“Please.” Flynn nods his head into Yuri’s shirt.
“What the hell did you do to your arm?” Clint explodes, unable to take it anymore.
The silence was unbearable as everyone processed the simple statement of what Harry did.
“Yes before my home planet was wiped out, we were all immortal beings because our life force was in the stars. Me and my sister kept our stars inside ourselves so we didn’t die when something wiped out the rest of the stars, and ever since me and my sister have been travelling for a few millenia looking for somewhere to settle down.”
“You’ve had this your whole life? Even while we were a small team?” Natasha questions, thinking about the implications of the statement.
“What? But you’ve never liked anyone that fast.” Clint whined, still in shock that his best friend warmed up to someone that fast. It took them 2 years to be best friends, which included a lot of knife stabbing, and it took 1 day for Natasha to like the new guy.
“So polyamorous?” Natasha questions, thinking about it.
Yuri heaved a sigh as he walked slightly behind Flynn and his friends. He didn’t even know why he accepted Estelle’s invitation to come with them, he hasn’t talked to any of them, besides Estelle’s various texts, in 5 months.
“I mean sure, I’m just a lot more tired than I was before. I’m constantly up until 2 in the morning each day, and I only get around 4 hours of sleep but I wouldn’t trade it for the world.”
“Rewards? You guys actually do that, I thought it was just satisfaction?” Cedric asked.
“Awwww King Kitty you remembered.” Tony;s voice echoed throughout the room, causing everyone to turn to him. They were taking a break from negotiations to eat some dinner and on Tony’s plate was a wakandan speciality with a large pile of metal scraps right next to the plate.
“I have one more person to buy for so I’ll come with you.” Cedric says, shyly ducking his head.
Pepper perked up, immediately dissecting the information, “Oh really you upgraded two people up on your list. What level?”
“All right Darling, be careful.” Olivia leans up and kisses Yuri again, before walking off with the kids.
“We won’t be needed anymore today, let’s sleep now.” Robin tugs Chrom over to the bed, both getting dressed in lighter sleeping clothes, as they lay side by side.
“What?” Aether says, tilting his head in confusion.
“Kay, we’ll be there in 5 minutes.” Veemon answered.
“Welp shit that’s a weakness if we ever face a technological enemy.” Natasha mumbles.
“What was what? I really have no idea what you guys are talking about.” Tony just stares at the team, thinking of what he had done to horrify them.
Cedric finally seemed to wake up, and asked in confusion, “What the hell? How many bets do you have going?” The others seemed to agree with his sentiment.
“That sounds pretty bad.” Hikari winced in sympathy.
After the shock wore off, everyone started to excitedly talk about their pseudo-quest and about what they were going to search for. Regas grabbed Grid and was tossing him up and down, always catching him protectively, while the others shared secretive and knowing smiles at the obvious chemistry between Regas and Grid.
“That’s pretty insane, not gonna lie.” Sora said faintly, trying to recover from the massive influx of information.
“Yea, have a safe trip home.” Robin says, pulling them both in a tight hug, “Bring Yuna next time, maybe she’ll love whatever she can find here.”
“Uhh… Ummmm.” Steve stammered as he blushed bright red, trying not to think of himself in a maid outfit taking care of Tony, lest be pop a boner, “Sure.”
“D-Daisuke.” Ken uttered the name, causing stillness and silence to spread through the group as they stared.
Tony turned around and saw the three patiently waiting bots, “Thank god you guy’s didn’t fuck anything up this time. I don’t want to have to donate you to a collage.”
Pepper offered her laugh again as she responded, “Not too bad, we’re just currently studying for our Biology Exam.” She gestured a hand to the other kids, all of them offering a quiet nod or enthusiastic wave.
“That I can take the kids to supposedly look for our mysterious destination while you meet them first?” Veemon answers amusedly as he stares at Daisuke.
“Yea yea hold your horses.” Yuri grumbled as he looked at them, noticing them all to be shell shocked, particularly Flynn, “Anyway these two munchkins,” Yuri resolutely ignores Rita’s outburst of ‘I’m only 3 years younger than you, I’m not a damn munchkin’, “Are my two adopted kids, he’s Karol Lowell and he’s 10 while she’s Rita Lowell, she’s 18, and this old drunk is Raven who lives with us and takes care of the kids while I’m not home.”
Flynn glances down, biting his lip, “I’m sorry.”
“Good job my dear star, you have done wonderfully.” Elena praises, everyone watching as Robin visibly preens at the praise, blue eyes sparkling with excitement.
The others patiently wait for a response from their resident genius.
Tony smiles as he looks down at a bleary eyed Steve and bends down and kisses the top of Steve’s head, “Goodnight honey.”
“Of course it’ll be good, it’s homemade Italian food.” Tony scoffed in response, putting the chicken to a boil in the pot, while preparing the vegetables for the Frittata and the Ciambotta. Off to the side he prepared the mixture for the Tiramisu and the spaghetti for the Frittata and the Spaghetti alla Carbonara.
