“It’s too late,” he heard the voice of some bitter, broken, sounding man admit. “We’re already drowning.”
Frank had known the minute he'd seen his command that this would not be an easy tour and only half of it had been because they were teetering on the brink of war. The other half was the man currently sprinting to catch up with the first line. There was no prize for the fastest time a unit made it through the forests grounds they used for field training, so why Major Rogers felt the need to run them as if the Czech army was hot on their tails was beyond him.
"Most?"  She asked and Charlotte nodded, the anger resurfacing. She'd waited all morning for her father to return from his meeting with General Schmidt and the Mayor, but when he'd returned and gone straight for his office without so much as a word to Charlotte or Mother, she'd gone looking for him, finding him pouring an overfull glass of the brandy he liked at his desk.
Steve didn’t know what day Tony was born. He thought about it all day. He’d thought about it while they crossed the city on foot to Maria’s home, and set it aside upon learning that a response to the letter they’d sent the tailor had finally come.
Tony expected to hear screaming by the time he reached the boys room, but to his surprise besides some excited chatter, the flurry of trunks being dragged about and drawers scraping open, all was relatively calm on the second floor.
Steve’s heart began to pound. It was an uncomfortable sensation. On some level he recognized that he was aroused, but rather than please him he felt detached from it. Angered even. That buzzing in his blood was distracting and confusing. He had to keep shoving everything down and that was exhausting. But if he pulled away, he’d hurt Tony. He couldn’t deal with that either. He’d end up drowning in the water again. So, Steve dug holes instead. He dug deeper and deeper still, burying everything that wasn’t important to the mission until he couldn’t feel any of it anymore.
“He’s dying!” Tony interjected with an aggressive step toward the taller man, whose expression didn’t change but his posture straightened as Tony shouted at him. “I need to get into Bruce’s office, which means you need to open this god damn door, or Stefen isn’t going to be of any use to you or any other resistance! Mark my words, Farkas. If he dies after everything he risked for you and your war game, I will come back to burn you and this entire
The children came from nowhere and everywhere at once. Upstairs, down the hallway, any number of doors opened revealing a child. One by one they lined up in a row tallest to shortest like tiny soldiers. It struck a sour note with him. Children should not be soldiers. Tony had seen all the propaganda for the Hitlerjugend, and in recent months he’d had the pleasure of witnessing them marching through the streets (who hadn’t?). Boys and girls of all ages delighted to be disposable to the German army. Smiling faces and blonde heads gleaming in the sunlight. Idyllic and dangerous. What was the country coming too?  He shifted away from them uneasily.
“I’m sure we’ll get it sorted. I’ll be back in a moment.” Stefen assured them. “Could you make sure Sara gets a warm drink? She took a chill.”
And Tony couldn’t say what it was that made the pieces click together when they hadn’t before. Maybe it was the carefully blank expression on Bakhuizen’s face or the stiffening of Stefen’s shoulders. Maybe it was just hearing someone else say it out loud.
“But if I do, what is the use in pretending I don’t?” Tony arrogantly waved away Steve’s words like smoke, and Steve gritted his teeth. The sound of their grinding was reverberating in his skull, so it took him a moment to realize that Tony was still talking calmly. Infuriatingly so.
“What a frightening thing to say to someone.” Tony managed to get out, swallowing to wet his dry mouth. He was right to be worried. Right to question why he was sticking around when all good sense told him to pack his bags and leave Austria on the morning train.
And there it was, that sparkle of delight young girls got when she was having the time of her life in the arms of a beau. And why not?  Tony was not as young as he used to be, but he was still considered a good catch.  He could get married too! For all that anyone would care.
He must remember (he must) that Tony was not their family. He had no family. He was on his own in very dangerous waters, and these were the very people who had everything to gain by disassociating with him. He’d been alone since he was seventeen-years-old, chased into a monastery by events outside of his control. Alone since the murders of his parents and Jacob Yinsen. He must take action and save himself. Nothing had changed.
Jann shuddered as Bucky poured alcohol over the wound, biting her lip hard and staring up at the ceiling until he’d finished and set the bottle aside to begin patting the area dry. She let out a slow shaky breath before she could continue, her eyes watery but her voice steady.
"Where the hell did you get a radio?" Steve jerked at the sound of Bucky's loud voice. Somehow he'd forgotten the man was on his way up and hadn't heard him step so close with the headset on.
Tony squeezed Steve’s wrist and his eyes flew open again at the pressure. Horribly, tantalizingly real. All thoughts slid away at that touch, grounding as the earth shifted and slid beneath him. He didn’t have to think anything at all, just feel those hands wrapped around his flesh, that pressure on his wrists.
“Oh God” Bruce gaped, ducking slightly to cover his head as glass rained down and the shriek of alarms throughout the camp intensified.
“Proud.” She answered without so much as missing a beat, tone as matter of fact as you please. Perfect and proper in anyone’s ears. He hadn’t expected anything less of her.
Magda frowned, apprehension creeping back in. Some of the farmers in Erlangen had taken on workers out of the prison. They were at least two days walk from Dachau, maybe three. None of their neighbors had come around with news about a runaway worker.
“I know I’m an ass. With both of us so hard headed you’d think I’d have come up with a better strategy by now for getting your attention. What do you think, should I have worn a negligée, put kohl on my eyelashes?”
"Miss Potts... what, what are you -" Steve mumbled in confusion but he didn't try to fight her, and Virginia continued to sooth him with low hums and the kind of simple instruction you'd give a frightened child.
When Péter didn’t immediately answer Ian quickened his step to reach the older boy. “Tacha, we’re calling a halt.” he said in a surprisingly authoritative voice.” Péter needs us to stop!”
“What about the cabin?” Bucky asked after a long moment and Tony looked between them with a questioning glance.
Tony did know it. The grimy little window wasn’t big enough for a grown man to slip through even if they were to break it so Tony had never bothered to reinforce it.  By the time Nik had pinched his little underling from a traveling french circus it hadn’t even occurred to Tony to think about it. An oversight he’d have to correct.
“I’d probably shoot you.” Steve joined in with a pointed stare at Coulson. He and Bucky weren’t going to be so easily trapped as that. There was no telling what sort of recording devices the man might have hidden in the pockets of his suit jacket.
It reminded him of the old days. Back home with the familia. When he was a boy and too young and stupid to realize he didn't know a thing about the world. Back when it was just him, Rachol and Stevie looking out for each other. Bucky had known who he was then.
“You ought to come with us Stevie.” Bucky murmured decisively and Stefen stiffened beside him. “And before you go on about the war and all the shit you think you have to do to stop it, you ought to think about what happens if you’re right. What happens when we try our best but war still comes. What happens if they catch you, or you go off fightin like I know you will, and you don’t come home?”
Emil was in the boys group, and older than her by three years, but he did not seem to mind that. Natacha at twelve was younger than the rest of the girls in her chapter, who were all old enough to be starting at the local college in the fall with Emil. Only neither Ingrid nor Sophie had chosen to start their secondary education at a formal school, having been selected instead to begin at one of the new private schools for select girls of good breeding whose destiny it was to become officers’ wives. Fraulein Werner had made Natacha a leader in the girls her own age, so Natacha went to group meetings and did her own training in the older set, and no one doubted that when she was done with her primary schooling she too would be selected to go to one of the Bride Schools.
Every year afterward she’d lit candles for him in secret, but he’d left the lights behind him the day she was murdered.
He knew what a man looked like when he’d made his peace with death and the boldness it gave you when you realized it was all over but the shouting. This was a savored sunrise.
“You were the one who said that it was time to stop running. I knew the risks. Stanislov was never going to stop until he had me and it’s not just me he wants.”
"He's dying." she responded, and Péter frowned, skin beginning to crawl, because it didn't sound like the practical or even grim admonishment he might have expected; but strangely like a confession.
“Lovely.” She smiled once more, dismissing him to turn back to Natacha. “I look forward to hearing all about your studies. Shall we go inside?”
Stefen took a shallow breath and when his eyes met Tony’s again they were hot, the hand around Tony’s wrist tightened, driving the air out of Tony’s chest with anticipation.
Tony grimaced. There would be no fighting anything in court. It burned like bitter drink, but Stark Industries and all that was connected to it was lost to him.
He lifted Sara by her armpits and put her in, she let out a gasp of fright as she bounced on the seat from the force of Steve’s toss, and scrambled out of the way as Maria followed at the same speed for. Next came Artur, then Tacha and James.
“It was over twenty years ago, he was a kid when I knew him and I wasn’t much older. I don’t know why this matters.” Kirk grumbled but at Bucky’s urging stare he opened his mouth and began, clearly searching for words as he went. “Antony was smart. Crazy smart. His old man didn’t like him hanging around the yard but honestly there was no keeping him away. Would show up to talk your ear off and then have the nerve to correct your work. It used to piss the engineers off. He could make you want to strangle him when he wasn’t charming your pants off.”
“She’s not dead. The silly bitch is rotting in prison for treason. Her and that husband of hers thought they could get away with continuing to employ undesirables. They know differently now.” Mueller revealed with a dark chuckle, as if they were discussing the weather and not the imprisonment of his own flesh and blood.
A few people in the station were shooting him curious looks, no doubt wondering where they had seen him before. Luckily most everyone seemed inclined to keep their own heads down, ignoring each other mostly, shuffling in line, bags lined along their sides at their feet, children crying or chattering to their parents, bodies packed together in the tiny space. So many yellow stars among them. In this room, it was easy to get the impression all of Vienna was leaving.
“I never took you for an ass man, Cap,” Tony chuckled breathily, the sound of his voice low and intimate within the quiet of the room.
“I win that bet I think.” Tony quipped. “What do I win?” She gave him a look that seemed to answer ‘a kick in the groin’.
The friendship between him and your father has become such a beloved story. I think it mystifies some people. They came from such different worlds, and yet they became so devoted to one another. Did you ever wonder what it was that drew them so strongly together?
To be fair, Becker had no desire to be in the vicinity when General Schmidt came onto the barracks either. But it was their sergeants' jobs to take the platoons out for hikes and training excursions. The non-commissioned officer's jobs to get down in the grime and muck.
“When do they play?” Tony heard himself ask. So much for keeping his mouth shut. The Captain hesitated.
“I can’t even imagine what they must be going through. I’m only glad word got to British parliament. There’s been so many conflicting reports, I was worried no one would help.” Charlotte murmured, her eyes locked on the news reel as she claimed the open seat on Bucky’s left side, she did not even bother to scold him for his language in front of the children.
While his siblings were happily twisted in their seats to press their faces close to the windows and watch the scenery go by he was sitting hunched, staring blindly out the window as if he didn’t see any of it. Oblivious to the excited chatter going on around him.
Bucky nudged him with his foot but Steve couldn't answer, the laughter had made him too lightheaded. He heard Tony heave a sigh.
“God awful mess.” Bucky muttered as another warning finished playing once more on radio. They’d kept it playing all day, hoping to hear any fresh bit of news.
Most of Tony’s memories stayed locked away in his mind, exactly in whatever box he put them in - but sometimes they rattled their cages and leapt up with life of their own to taunt him.
They needed to speak about that, among other things. Tony had not expected Stefen to simply cut the woman off. It was better in fact, that they both occasionally be seen with women, but they should speak about it nonetheless. They should both know what they were expecting from the other.
"Oh Captain," Tony had the audacity to greet him as if they'd happened upon each other by chance. "You'll never believe who showed up this morning. Aren't these your newest sensations Herr Bakhuizen?"
Steve coughed. He couldn’t stop it. It just seized up inside of him and he shuddered and gagged at the effort to keep it in. Patroche skittered away in surprise.
Stefen looked down at Ian and placed a hand gently on his shoulder. He could have placed a rock there for the way it made Ian shrink.
“Here, Father,” Péter stood eagerly, rocking the boat he sat in with Sara. Tony quickly went to take the little girl from his arms and help Péter back up onto the dock. “You can take my spot and help Tony row. Ian can ride in the boat with you guys, since he’s smaller, and I’ll take the small boat.”
Steve shook his head, pressing his lips together. " I can't stay long. I just...I felt I should ask you this in person."
He wondered if he might be sent to eat in the kitchens. He wouldn’t mind that too terribly. Almost reminiscent of his boyhood, when Hughard would be irritated enough to send him from table and he’d join Rhodey and the maids for their dinner. He’d always been far more comfortable with the servants than at table with his parents and their guests anyway.
Tony did not say the words but they were heavy between them as Stefen considered him and Tony searched him for some hint as to how the chips would fall. He was very likely to find himself fired.
Steve wet his lips, swallowing thickly to wet an even drier throat. Charlotte set her cup down and took his hand. Not an easy feat as he'd balled his hands into fists. He unclenched them and grasped her smaller ones as she smiled, wryly at him and murmured lowly, “No. They are not fond of large sums of money leaving Germany are they?"
He didn't owe Rogers anything. He kept up the mantra as his fingers closed around the handle of the bedroom door.
“What’s going on?” he repeated the question and this time she answered him, even if it was in a very Natacha way.
And now that the moment had come he couldn’t bring himself to voice the question he'd come to ask. Steve stumbled over his words.
Frau Hogan looked as if she would have gladly wrestled a bear in that moment, had it a mind to cross her, so Tony believed her and stayed quiet. But she had it wrong. He wasn’t out to hurt any of the Rogers children. Their father did not need his assistance in that regard. Tony had only been trying to help, to ease the burden of their loneliness.
He was short with his siblings and out right picked on Artur relentlessly until the younger boy’s face turned red and his own temper overboiled. Unfortunately for James, Artur had a tendency to resort to his fists when that happened, so it didn’t surprise anyone at all that morning when James snatched the wool vest from Artur’s hands and declared it was his turn to accompany Tony outdoors for supplies. It was not, but according to James Artur was slow and too stupid to remember.
Ian nodded his head at James and murmured something about liking boats as well, his eyes traveling back to Tony as if it had been a school question.
But as Tony opened his journal to find the list of code words Stefen had given him before he’d left Berlin and began to untangle the message in order to prepare his reply, it began to sink in just how serious the nature of this communication was.
“At risk?” Bucky scoffed. “They discover what we’re doing here and you, me, Stefen, and everybody else stupid enough to subscribe to that Mag is dead. You understand? It aint smart putting all our names in one place.”
Clinton mostly ignored Tony in favor of climbing on top of his work table to poke and prod at the generator that Tony had spent the night disassembling for parts in his engine – currently the world’s fastest motor powered boat required four engines to reach a max speed of two hundred kilometers per hour, his
Distantly he thought his lungs must be grateful for the respite, but all he could see was the bruised red of Stefen’s lips and the desire in his eyes as the captain loomed over him, one hand braced against the couch arm for support as his hungry gaze tracked the heave of Tony’s chest as he struggled for breath.
“What’s happened?” Ian’s voice was sharp with panic and Steve winced. Quickly he touched a cool hand to the boy’s shoulder, halting his attempt to get out of bed.
Children he realized, the last puzzle piece clicking into place. Irritation bubbled inside his chest. Could they not be left well enough alone?
It was all he could manage to get out as he threw himself against the doors and pushed his way outside into the seething mob.
Tony rubbed Stefen’s socked foot, trying to tell him without words that he wasn’t alone. Tony understood isolation. “You found a way for you and the people closest to you to survive. You’re a good man, Stefen,” Tony reminded him, moving on to his other leg. It was becoming abundantly clear to him that Stefen no longer believed that to be true. He blamed himself unduly for things outside of his control. The war that had ripped Europe apart and drove his already poor community to the brink of annihilation. And now for the mad man who had taken over the country and sown deadly animosity against so many.
She had a faded bit of cardstock in her hands, Tony noticed, which trembled as she approached Stefen and offered it to him. Stefen took the piece of paper from her, nodding dismissively as his eyes began roving over the message she had scrawled there.
Tony spent that night and into the following morning half buried underneath the auto losing himself to a completely different kind of music.
“I’ve heard that,” he replied with a sigh of his own. “That’s why I wanted to have a look. Subscription only you say. Is it really as fancy as all that?”
That was why she’d acted so strange. She was embarrassed. The ball of tightness in Steve’s chest began to ease and he turned his eyes away, giving the woman her privacy.
It was early in the morning, too early for sunrise and too late to truly be called the dead of night when Clint shook Tony awake.  At first he tensed, heart racing in anticipation of another German patrol. But darkness was still and quiet but for the low hum of the boat's engine and the excited murmur and shuffle of bodies as the brothers of Engelszell pointed out a welcoming glow glinting through the trees.
"I see. It must be nice, seeing all your friends again and being one of the group. I just don't want you to lose sight of the future."
“If you ask one more time, Stark, I swear to you I will shit in your mouth,” Bucky quipped evenly, body braced over Stefen, and Tony saw that he did indeed have a good hold on him. The injections were painful and even lucid Stefen couldn’t always help thrashing.
"It would be much easier if you allowed one of us to carry you Bambina," he tried again when she tipped over for the fourth time, landing fast first in the snow. He reached for her, but she was already getting back onto her feet with a wobble, her cheeks bright red and snow clinging to the wet curls peeking out from under her cap.
Natacha felt the returning itch of tears and closed her eyes. She leaned against him and let him hug her again, finally allowing herself to sink into the warmth he radiated without reservation.
At least the whine had been on pitch. After Péter had said that their parents used to swim with them he’d expected that he and Natacha would prove sufficient swimmers and they were, both splashing into the water with the sloppy confidence of youth.
Steve gasped, jack knifing up in the bed, his sheets pooling around him as he clamped a hand violently over his mouth.
“More to the point. I’d like you to secure a spot on whatever transport Captain Rogers has arranged for Richter and the others. I made Clinton’s brother a promise many years ago that when he came of age I’d see he made it back to his uncle in France. The way things are right now, I don’t know if he’ll have another chance.”
Where had the Rogers’ boys been, when the finest youths the Reich had produced were all here? Why weren't they attending the school that would hone them into warriors for the S.S? He’d asked the other other officers in the pavilion what they thought on the matter with a cutting grin and all their eyes had turned to him: curious, disapproving, and too suspicious for Steve’s comfort.
“Rogers, food.” he called, quickly taking apart the meal. He knew the goulash rat ate, but it was a bit like catching sight of a shooting star.
“Fair enough. But I’m also not a monk.” It felt brittle stretching his face, but the urge to smile felt natural and Steve tried his best to accommodate it.
Steve contemplated this mystery woman, weighing the variables of trusting a stranger he only knew through the vague impressions of an orphaned child and Tony’s trusted father-figure.
He leaned back against the door and slid to the cool floor. The sound of his bottom thudding softly against the hard floor seemed louder within the room as the sound bounced off against the walls. He drew one knee up toward his chin in order to rest his head upon it and sighed. His eyes roved over the dark shadows within the room, tables, machinery, and the body of the mostly completed engine were all just grey shapes within the darkness. The room was cold and still, and Tony sat there in the dark breathing shallowly as the weight of his own fears bore down on him.
“I know damn well what will happen if he stays in the Reich Tony. Do you think I want my son shipped back to me in a box?” Stefen snapped.
“And you’re sure you’ll be able to send a message back?” Stefen asked, still looking hesitant but Tony heard the underlining urgency in his tone. “There is an important operation underway, something that could stop all this and prevent us having to go to war. My team must have a faster way to receive alerts from our contacts in British Intelligence.”
“Maybe you’re not as strong as you think you are Tony,” Steve suggested innocently and he laughed when Tony shot him a scathing look.
Drawers searched, Tony abandoned thought on the book and turned to the bureau beside the desk only to discover that its single fat drawer was firmly locked. Damn, he cursed inwardly, kneeling down to get a good look at the lock. The light wasn’t nearly good enough to peer inside the key hole. He’d have to come back with a torch. Giving up on the chest for now he rose again, this time headed for the bookshelf. Methodically he went through each book, searching for hidden papers, pictures or documents, even going so far as to search the back for hidden compartments. Nothing.  Tony sighed in frustration. Nothing at all to shed any light on what Stefen was up to or how Tony could get word to him.
Stefen was very agreeable to that, so they’d washed and dressed (after a bit of kissing, because one did not simply sit themselves in a lover’s lap without causing a little delay) and then they’d set off to procure Tony’s much needed supplies and explore all that Berlin held in terms of department stores, which turned out to be a lot.
Normally that ‘hear no argument’ tone would have begun to grate on Tony’s nerves but he couldn’t bring himself there quite yet. He was too fond of the man, and currently pressed too close not to observe all the telltale signs of vulnerability Stefen probably didn’t even know he possessed.
He’d made himself at home riffling through the drawers for writing supplies and made a gauge attempt at relating to Farkas what tidbits he’d gathered on the Captain.
The way that Vonkov looked at him as if he wished to cut Steve open and examine his insides chilled him. He knew what the Nazi’s were doing over in Dachau and why they were doing it. Just thinking on the rumors he’d heard was enough to curdle the blood, but seeing again in his mind’s eye the gaunt faces of the twins he’d only barely managed to save from that nightmare. Steve wanted to take his knife to the man’s throat.
The motorbike zigged along, bumping over the terrain and jostling Steve back and forth. He didn't mind. His body ached in a distant sort of way. The bumping of the side car rattled his bones, and though he’d always prefer to be driving, it was still easy to let the discomfort and tension ease out of him as they sped along. He closed his eyes for a moment, letting the air rush over his face and sting his eyelids. When he opened them again he felt that much sharper.
"Herr Hammer, see to it that a room is made ready for them." At the snapped order Hammer thought better of further protest and turned sharply on his heel. Snappishly he ordered for the maids to follow him and for Willamina to get back to her work as he stomped away.
Natacha eyed him from across the table suspiciously. “Are you going to visit baroness Schrader again?”
Then she’d turned to Lt. Steven’s, who seemed in charge of the police operations, and asked him what he and his men were planning on doing for meals and if they wouldn’t they prefer hot plates instead of rations as well as clean sheets in the mornings. Steven’s had looked at her with such admiration it wouldn’t have surprised Tony a bit if he’d proposed to her a moment later.
With minimal fuss, Virginia had drawn the curtains and fetched extra blankets to cover Stefen in while James had built up the fire until it roared and began to fill the room with heat.
“Yes, you’d better get on it. Can’t keep the Big Hat waiting,” Tony tore his eyes away from Péter long enough to look at Bruce once more, attempting to sound more cavalier than he felt. Which in truth was slightly unhinged, wobbling between wonderous elation at Péter’s near miraculous return, and the sinking realization that the time to say goodbye to the gentle natured monk who’d picked up a traumatized young-man’s pieces and held them together had come.
The boy’s eyes narrowed with suspicion but Steve could see the interest that sparked behind their cagey gleam.
Péter all but caused a collision stopping in the middle of the drive to snarl at his brother in reply. “Shut your mouth, James-”
“Of course I have the fucking papers.” Bucky groused reaching inside his pocket for two slim envelopes and thrusting them toward Steve with a glower. “Only late cause the car blew a tire and I had to wait on help. Should have seen me sweat riding with the patrol.”
“I know it would be sensible to go with the children and accept the life of ease you’re so eager to offer me. It wouldn’t be any more difficult than devoting my life to God was.” He admitted in a thin, tired voice.
“Nonna, listen to me.” his voice cracked. “You have to leave Pola. It's not- you and Nonno have to leave. It's not safe anymore. Do you understand?”
"Are these your children?" He knew they weren't. Even if their very different features could have been explained away, the life of a monk led one to witnessing many states of human desperation.
Péter snatched the tray from its place on his dresser and tried not to rip the handle off his door when he reached it.
On cue an alarm began to wail throughout the camp. Everyone within the ward seemed to freeze simultaneously, until the spell was broken by two soldiers banging through the doors carrying a limp body between them.
“What happened?” Tony almost jumped a foot when Stefen snagged him by the elbow and pulled him off the front step of the shop. A few of the students exiting behind him giggled as he stumbled, and Tony shot Stefen a peevish glance as he righted himself. It was not unusual for him to find the captain patrolling the streets of the shop when he wasn’t otherwise occupied. Though it had become less frequent as the weeks wore on and demand for his services increased. Since he’d gone with Benjamino to assist on the murder case (like a perfect idiot) Grig had roped him into helping with the census work. It was a near impossible task for the delegation keeping track of who entered the city and who left it, especially when there was a language barrier between them and those that they were trying to keep a record of.
“It’s very good.” Stefen murmured around a bite of cake somewhat defensively when he caught Bakhuizen gapping at him. Bakhuizen let out a sound between a grunt and an exclamation of shock, staring between the captain and Tony with his brow furrowed suspiciously as if he’d missed something crucial. Which of course he had. He’d not been there to hear Tony admit to his parents’ grisly deaths and his poor handling of it all, so he couldn’t know why Stefen would feel pressured to accept the offering. It was playing a bit dirty but the man should eat more.
Hedwig brought back Kirk’s beer and the plate of hot Schnitzel and Bucky happily took the liberty of staring down her blouse, since it was on offer (and one never refused a lady and all).
Stefen groaned, the sound pushed from behind his teeth. Muscle corded tight under Tony’s fingers, becoming unnaturally hard, and then Stefen twitched violently. One big spasm followed another as his body absorbed the chelant. Bucky pressed down with a resolved grimace, holding him tight despite Stefen’s best effort to pull away.
He wondered what room in his house Tony had commandeered this time and what that brain of his was going to spit out next.
But Stefen had greeted him with an aloofness Tony hadn’t witnessed since his first days in the house when he’d thought for sure that Captain Rogers must be part machine. He’d not tried to find a moment alone and he’d ignored all of Tony’s poignant glances insinuating that they do so, as if he hadn’t thought of him at all in the weeks of their separation.
, kept hammering trough his skull on repeat. The desperate ramblings of a fool made stupid and powerless with fear. But Tony was not powerless damn it, and this was not a problem for the gods but a problem of science. There was a fix and we would find it! Starting with the heat in this room. Christ it was hotter than hell in here.
He told Da all about Ada Brawer and Gisella Keats, two of the girls in Natacha's group that had been making strange faces at him for weeks. Gisella was an alright sort of girl with bright red hair and dark slanted eyes. She was good at running and told funny jokes. Ada on the other hand had a way of looking at Ian that made him uncomfortable. Like she wanted to own him or something.
Just a few more months and then his family would be safe, and then he could let go. Unleash his fury upon the Third Reich and avenge those he’d loved. It was a good way to end things.
Steve switched off the engine of the car just as the front door of the house opened, the General stepping out onto the front step without a jacket despite the snow, a pipe clenched between his lips. He watched silently as Steve stepped from his automobile and closed the door behind him. Feet crunching quietly in the freshly fallen snow.
It didn’t feel right. There was some lovesick, anxious, little voice in the back of his mind that urged him to find Stefen that very moment and admit all. Tony staunchly buried it.
She told herself that it wouldn’t happen. No one but Bucky had known her father growing up and he would never betray them. They would be fine as long as the past stayed buried and everyone did their part.
They’d all known what was happening to an extent, but it must be made to look as if they didn't, as if they had no other agenda outside the church. Harmless monks would not present a threat and could not be arrested so easily with the Vatican watching, even though the Führer was well aware that rebellion was spreading through the churches. He’d begun to ferret out the resistance by infiltrating the churches with spies, and if the Abbott’s dire warnings were to be believed, he was having great success.
“Flatterer. Ah, Christ!” Jann cursed, and Bucky winced as the last of the bandages peeled away, sticking to the seeping wound in her side.
“You try hiding a gun under here. Just worry about yourself Bakhuizen and don’t let those German bastards get too close.” Harrison hissed back just as the naval car slowed and rolled to a stop a few meters in front of them.
“Buonasera” an ageing voice greeted and Tony missed the rest of his Nonna’s greeting (because it was her, he knew it in an instant) his inhale too loud even for his own ears.
A/N: This chapter ends the three part saga chapter six turned into. :) It will be a touch longer to get chapter nine to you but as some pretty major things happen in this bit we're hoping it will tide you over.
“She loved Jarvis as much as I did. I trust that. She may not help me, but she won’t betray me.” Tony’s free hand squeezed his arm, a gesture of comfort, and for a moment Steve wondered at the way warmth traveled up the appendage and into his chest, before he blinked away the distraction. That was all it could be, until they were safe.
Stefen and Charlotte said goodbye to their friends while Tony saw to waking up the little ones and gathering their things together. After the other three had been rounded up, the whole family piled once more into the car, this time with considerably more room as Tony had been right and Bucky chose to stay to entertain his lady friend and instructed Stefen that it was okay to lock up without him.
Charlotte’s aunt and uncle had retired to the swiss house permanently after Peggy’s death, but aunt Sophie was always hungry for news of how Charlotte was getting on, even if she was strongly against her relationship with Stefen. Charlotte tried not to begrudge the woman her frosty attitude toward Stefen and the children. It was a terrible thing to bury a child at any age, and Margrit had left the world far sooner than she might have, had she never crossed paths with Stefen. Charlotte had always viewed their union with such romance. Oh, to love someone so strongly, that she’d risk it all for them. Oh, to be loved by someone who would give up their life for her.
Dvorak finished his breakfast slowly, ignoring the ire of his comrades savoring the hearty meal. The innkeeper’s wife was a good cook, but nothing compared to the fine meals his home chef used to dream up. The French chef Helene had insisted on would have turned his nose up at the local fare, but as Dvorak chewed and swallowed the last of his sausage and washed it down with another swallow of ale, he found it deeply satisfying.
The memory of Tony lying on top of him was so vivid in his mind. He remembered each overwhelming sensation and every terrified gasp for breath as control spun away from him and fear rose up to meet him. He’d felt like he’d come out of his skin, but Tony had been there, holding him, helping to put him back in it again.
“Anya, Péter, come with me now.” Tony instructed the two without a moment more of pause, gesturing adamantly. They came without question, their faces draining of blood. Natacha followed after Tony and the twins as they scurried in the opposite direction from the one that Pepper had taken, but there was no time to argue with her.
Six, Tony and Maria hurried past him. Steve turned around, just one last check to make sure they weren’t being fallowed. Nothing.  Forward into the black.
“Anything is possible.” Tony hummed thoughtfully in response. “The good news is it’s highly improbable. You remember we talked about probabilities?”
Artur was sitting on his bed with Mon Amie’s cage, hair still sticking up on one side as he ogled his older brother like he was a fascinating species of fish that had flopped its way out of the lake.
“I’m not sure Tony likes any of us anymore what with the way you carry on,” Natacha drawled. It was true but it was very mean. Natacha got meaner and meaner the more she missed Péter and it was unfortunate because Péter was the only one besides Ian brave enough to stand up to her. Ian should, but he was tired of sticking up for James when all he did was cry and make trouble.
Steve sat, swiveling his spoon in his drink but couldn't bring himself to lift it to his mouth. Instead he thought about how he was going to explain to Bucky about the letter and how he was going to get Bucky on board with helping him stop the German army, which would mean in turn betraying their own country.
“She insisted I give this to you, and buy you a decent pen. Since it seems you’ve had trouble finding one the last three years.”
“Of course they are! They were to be released today.” Tony snapped, gesturing for the case which the man Lucas now held. Clint must have given it to him when he came back for Tony. Lucas quickly shuffled the case into his hands and Tony quickly rifled through it for the papers the warden had signed.
“You must forgive us for making you go searching.” Tony drawled, not buying it for an instant. “Surely one of the maids could have fetched it for you?”
“It was the one thing I could never tell Bucky.” Stefen admitted gruffly, seemingly apropos of nothing, after another long moment had passed with neither of them speaking and Tony nodded slowly in understanding.
His hand slid over the glass and he took it from the captain, looking at it detachedly as the man moved away.
It was there. It was all there. Journal entries with notes, numbers, dates and maps. Lists of resources, names of men, and horrifically detailed plans for their movement in a full-scale invasion of Europe, and then the east and west. It was staggering to take in. To see written out so barely the scope of Hitler’s hubris and his hunger for power.
Tony quipped from his perch on the corner of the large desk. His mouth spreading into a wicked grin.
“Morning Captain.” Virginia mumbled tiredly from her seat at the table. She looked as if she’d sat herself down there as soon as she arrived and hardly moved since. She kept her voice low pitched as if the sound of her voice hurt her ears and Tony winced sympathetically.
Tony’s eyebrows raised as he considered Coulson’s words. It didn’t appear that Stefen had shared with him that the resistance was behind the magazine. Perhaps it was safer not to. It was heartening to know that members of the Abwehr were running a resistance of their own, but the risk to both was great and the fewer names shared between them the better.
"We met during the war.” Stefen said slowly. “We were in separate units to start, but as the war dragged on and numbers dwindled the army deemed it prudent to abandon some of its prejudices." His mouth twisted wryly in something of a pained grimace as he glanced at Tony out of the corner of his eye, as if to judge his response.
The truck rolled to a stop and a soft kick jolted Bucky awake. Grunting he twisted out of the uncomfortable ball he’d curled himself in, his back protesting after having maintained the same position for so long and brushed off the snow that had collected over his blanket.
The room was silent for a tense moment before Stanislov slowly got up from his seat and took a few prowling steps until he was looming over Tony. Tall bastard that he was.
cleaning up blood and sick. He and all the other good Austrians should be made to line the walls with their own insides. How
Maybe he really should stay. Perhaps the return of routine would be helpful? Wasn’t that what people were always saying, that children required structure?
Tony chuckled along with him a strange sort of possessiveness curling in his stomach. No one else got to hear these pieces of Stefen’s life. Bucky didn't count, he’d grown up in the caravan. It was perhaps a childish thing to covet, but this was a part of Stefen that he gave no one else and Tony counted these moments as if they were gold. Memory was a powerful force to be reckoned with.
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Captain.” Steve startled as the prince held out his hand. He blinked at it for a good moment, not sure in the least that it was real and he wasn’t having another vivid dream.
“Péter a kitchen knife can either be used to feed the village or slaughter it. You and I, we make the choice daily what to do with it. I want to build a city Péter, not decimate one.”
“It’s my first time using the machine, so it might not be as good as Tony’s,” she warned, a strange note of timidity in her voice.
as punishment for missing morning prayers… well it was a good thing Tony wasn’t in the habit of eating regular meals.
“Your letters. You kept mentioning your friend’s pictures. I thought this way you might have some of your own.”
The state of things now meant finding work for his musicians was only getting harder as the opportunities dried up and travel just became more and more impossible. It wouldn't be long now until the work was gone completely. And Bucky didn't kid himself. With what he and Steve had going, he'd be lucky not to face a firing squad long before then.
Steve should have known to expect something. When a man like Tony was quiet it could only mean that he was about to unleash some sort of chaos.
With a somewhat exasperated look Stefen had glanced at Tony and gestured toward where the other children were playing with Bakhuizen in the shallower water.
Tony had to call a stop to it when Natacha (ever competitive) slid off her bicycle onto the road. Tony’s heart nearly leapt into his throat as Maria went tumbling into the grass, the bicycle barely missing her by inches. Natacha was up and across the ground before Tony had even managed to slide to a stop. By the time he’d hoisted Sara out of the basket Natacha had already scooped Maria off the ground and was petting her hair and cooing at her as the tiny girl wailed in distress.
It was at that moment that the doors of the music room swept open, immediately bringing the sound of music and the chatter within the room to a halt. All of them turned their heads with the skittishness of rabbits to watch as Lt. Stevens entered the room with a purposeful stride. Frau Hogan and a woman Péter recognized from their social mixers with the Young Maidens trailed behind him. The BDM leader Frauline Werner was wearing a soft sympathetic smile that did not match the deadness of her eyes. Frau Hogan looked anxious underneath the calm expression she wore and that frightened him most of all.
“Yes, and I warn you he’s livid. He’s on the phone with the station now.” Hammer answered with a grim shake of his head and a smug smirk. Tony couldn’t help feeling pity for the poor bastard on the other end of that call. Hammer on the other hand looked practically gleeful at the thought of the twins being found, and eager to point the blame at Tony where he thought it belonged. Tony didn’t believe for a second that it hadn’t been him who left the tip, hoping to see Tony dragged from the house in handcuffs. Hammer had no idea how deeply the captain was involved in the whole thing.
Stefen Rogers, the boy from nowhere, crouched in the corner with his pencil and the bits of paper he liked to sketch on in the quieter moments of officer training.
He’d just have to try harder to convince her and Nonna to leave the country. She was wrong, so terrifyingly wrong, about Mussolini being able to protect them from the Germans and if he couldn't sway her then there was no telling what would become of her.
“Hey, hey, where are you off to so quickly? You’re going to miss saying goodbye.” Tear filled blue eyes met his, dark blond lashes clumped together over flushed cheeks as Artur snapped back at him.
“T-Tony?” he croaked disbelieving, horrible confusion crashing together with grief in his chest, forcing the name out past a tongue that felt thick as sand paper on too little breath. He could handle being haunted by visions of his mother and the childhood he’d lost, but he could not handle his mind conjuring up this. Anything but this.
Steve heard Bucky calling after him but Steve didn’t pause in his march toward the music room, too focused on his target: that target being one disobedient, impertinent, fool of a monk who’d wish he’d never heard the name of Captain Rogers by the time Steve was through with him if he learned that he’d harmed so much as a hair on one of the children. And Steve would get the truth from him if he had to wring it out of his neck to do it.
His chest hurt as he swallowed. James hated the feeling, along with the burning in his eyes. He closed the curtains with a viscous shove.  Tony looked just like their father, James thought. He was going to die the same way too.
“I'm always quiet. I'm a monk my dear that's how we go about it, quietly,” came a not so quiet response.
He wanted D’Anvers because he was tired, he realized. Because she was beautiful and interesting in her own right, but most dangerously because she reminded him just enough of what was out of reach to tempt him into believing that having her would sate the terrible ache he lived with. That would be a colossal mistake and he knew it well enough, but if he weren’t careful, it would be all too easy to trip over the snare.
He should thank her. But Steve’s tongue was led in his mouth. You didn’t thank a soldier for throwing themselves on a grenade for you. You just grieved.
Tony watched in horrified wonder as the captain proceeded to demonstrate, blowing on his whistle in sharp (not to mention increasingly irritating) bursts as one by one the children marched forward to present themselves for introduction and marched perfectly back into line.
“Sara, darling, finish your breakfast. You have a busy day ahead of you.”  Charlotte scolded gently, but Sara just ignored her and hunched her shoulders over her food. The little girl frowned down at her plate as if it had wronged her somehow, and Charlotte felt the first twitches of amusement she'd felt in days.
Natacha flinched back as if Tony had slapped her. He felt guilt for leaving her that way, but there was nothing else to be done about it just then. At least now she was moving. She turned and virtually fled the corridor as if a pack of wild dogs were behind her. Chest clenching, Tony turned and dashed up the attic stairs. The key to the attic door was still within the lock, the door left ajar. He found Wanda and Pietro huddled together on the old rickety iron bed underneath the attic window. Pietro had an arm around his sister’s trembling shoulders. His face was ashen.
“Maria couldn’t sleep, thinking Artur was still angry with her,” she informed Tony crisply, as if that were the end of the matter.
Steve glanced to his left, to watch Natacha. She was sitting quietly, nibbling from the small portions of sausage she'd cut up on her plate, watching the conversations at the table with an unreadable expression.  It was not so unusual to find himself set apart from everyone else even in full room surrounded by love and comradery, but he didn't like to see how often his daughter was similarly afflicted. At least this time he knew the cause, and that he could do something about it.
“I was just wishing I had my notebook. Our monk has an interest in architecture,” among other things, Stefen thought with amusement, “and I thought I might sketch it for him.” And then, because she was staring at him with an odd expression, he leaned forward so that his lips just brushed her ear and murmured “And it’ll never be a hardship, excluding all others while waiting for you.”
He meant it. Tony and the children were safe for the moment, and he had Bucky by his side. It was the only thing in the world that mattered.  Whatever Charlotte chose to do next they’d weather it together like they weathered everything else.
The automobile longed forward, tapping Steve in the rib cage. The man behind the wheel looked terrified at the sight of him, his eyes wide as he made a frantic jabbing motion with his hand for Steve to get out of the way. But there was no chance in hell Steve was going to move.
“But Tony, this could change the world!” Péter whined, sounding so much like James at his most petulant that Tony laughed. “Why wouldn’t he want to help us?”
But as quickly as the rapid thoughts passed through his mind, Stefen had halted toe to toe with his son and the room had gone still with Tony frozen halfway out of his seat.
He took the hammer from Tony with a sly grin and gestured for him to stand aside. Stepping up, he shot a glance at the operator and flicked his eyes toward the back panel where he knew the lever was hidden. The operators’ brows raised and a delighted grin split his cheeks as Steve swung the hammer.
“There will just be more questions if you come with.” Natacha snapped impatiently over her shoulder. Her boots crunched in the snow as she marched toward the gate. It had gotten considerably lighter out, enough to see clearly that there was someone standing on the other side of the gate. A girl of Natacha’s age, in a plum colored coat, with a matching bow tying back the dark ringlets of her hair.
Though he'd not received any orders, the Führer’s greed, Steve had no other word for it, was turned toward Czechoslovakia. Austria could not sustain another war, everyone knew it. But it seemed he and his men were expected to march out and reclaim “ What was theirs” for the German people, not just the land lost to Germany from the Great War but Poland, Italy, even England and France, for purposes that would boggle the mind of any sane man. The Führer desired the world and soon enough he would begin the fight to take it.
Bucky waited for a response but when Steve offered him none his eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed in anger.
“I mentioned, Hermann, that I knew the late Hughard Stark.” Vonkov explained and Hermann’s eyes widened, flying to Tony. Steve tensed, anticipating the coming of the very thing he was trying so hard to prevent.
Pepper got up, silently fetching a wash cloth and wetting it with heated water from the kettle as Stefen gently guided Cameron into a chair.
Steve has a physical response to a grotesque nightmare that any psychiatrist would be able to help him through, but there are none of those here. Just bumbling dudes.
Charlotte turned away from the other woman with a shiver. She found herself a little afraid of Virginia and she was very displeased with the realization. Charlotte was not the monster here! Not to blame for the horror that was swallowing up the world, but she was to be judged harshly for trying to survive in it just the same. Oh well, she would weather it, as she did everything life through her way. This unpleasantness had gone on long enough.
But how could Kroger be so careless with his fiancée? Didn’t he understand how much danger that put her in!
"Experience is something I lack... but it's open to you Péter, the whole world is. I'd like you to consider it."
Cafe Mozart was one of the few coffee houses still open in the second district and given how much time they’d spent there in his youth Steve knew it was a risk to meet Bucky there; but he figured though it wasn't ideal the cafe with its crowded cushioned seats and constant din of conversation was a good place to get lost in.
Because Frauline Werner mustn’t know. Nobody must know. Those people, her Baka’s people, were on the list. They were enemies of the Reich. They were just like that old man… and Natacha shuddered, unable to stop from picturing her Baka as she’d last seen her.
Something rustled and Ian’s eyes snapped open. Over by the fireplace his father was methodically folding the letter with his summons back into its envelop, paying it far too much attention to be normal. The bright red and black swastika seal stood out on the vanilla carbon paper. Father's gaze finally lifted to fall on Tony first, then Uncle Bucky, something dark passing between them all and then finally it landed on Ian and his siblings, where they were huddled. Ian stared back hard as his thoughts tumbled around his head.
“Hunting?” Tony asked with confusion as Stefen clapped him companionably on the arm and just left him there, wondering if he’d possibly misheard the man.
“There’s that wit. Well you’ve always been clever Tony, that’s for sure.” the older man drawled reaching inside his jacket for one of his trademark cigars and all Tony could hear was his Nona, crying into the phone about how that wicked man had threatened them and refused to let them burry their daughter. Stanislov hadn’t even let her throw flowers on his mother’s grave.
“I don’t think so either. She said it didn’t… mom was really kind. She told us stories too, about her and Father and the adventures they had during the war...” Péter trailed off, hands anxiously twisting the comforter and Tony could tell that he was building up to something so he stayed silent, though he took Péter’s hands in his if only to save the poor comforter. “Natacha thinks Father would have agreed with them but I don’t… I don’t think mom would have liked what Bobby and Johann did today Herr Stark. Even if it
Steve nodded, and Charlotte said her goodnights. The children began to make their way to bed with Tony’s gentle prodding.
“We’re going to bed,” Ian hastily reassured him even as Natacha laid a protective hand on Artur’s head.
And when Captain Altera had his officers drag the pleading man into custody until his story could be verified, privately Steve hoped that one day it would catch up with him too.
“They haven’t announced it yet, but Frauline Werner told me. She also said the Führer promises to be godfather to the tenth child born in every family. If I’m very diligent to my duty, maybe soon I’ll be able to say that my child is godchild of God’s chosen leader.”
“That’s better.” He groused following the sudden silence and the children giggled. “How’s a guy supposed to demand his hugs if he can’t even hear himself think?”
He’d take anything, he realized. Any reason, even a little hope was enough, to keep Tony by his side. Shame went hot and stinging through his blood, but it was second to the utter terror of Tony leaving. Of Tony lying and everything between them being an illusion. He’d risked so much, inviting Tony to Berlin, making it clear that he wished to deepen their affair. He couldn’t bear it if all this time Tony had just been playing him.
Glancing over at Ian, who was swishing his hands in the water and trying his best to avoid looking at Tony or his father (as if they might forget he was there and escape the lesson) Tony couldn’t help but feel that might just be a Rogers family trait.
"You don't ever wear your uniform to dinner.” Artur pointed out. “You go get ready too and come eat with us, vati. Please? Maria is starting to miss you. We can spend the whole day together."
"You're not well enough for this," he pointed out, for the sake of being able to say he'd done so, but his eyes were fixated on the rapid rise and fall of Stefen's chest, and the way Steve’s eyes had fixated on the column of Tony's throat. Or perhaps more accurately, on the jewelry which now hung from it.
“Shall we get to it, gentlemen? I’d like to get out of these heels as soon as possible.” She prompted, eyes tracking over Tony and the children for a moment before she added, “And I bet you could all use some grub.”
“Clear is not your strong suit Stefen. For instance, it is not clear what you intend to do about the fact that this time last week I kissed you. I suppose that’s fine. I’m an adult, I can handle disappointment. But there are other things that I just cannot go another moment without some clarity on.” Tony seethed.
Steve had finally said, interrupting Globocnik mid stride and all eyes had turned to him with wariness. Schmidt’s stare was particularly cold, his mouth pressed tight in a severe line as his eyes had burned into Steve’s. And though Steve had been addressing Prince Thor the words were really for Schmidt and they both knew it.
Tony took a ragged breath and looked at Stefen who looked back at him with concern. There was gratefulness in the way he was clutching Artur, but some skittishness held him in grip, causing him to swallow and clench and unclench his hands.
She didn't say it, but they all heard the warning: or else. Péter was too stunned to think of anything to say, too shocked to move even, but beside him on the bench Natacha raised her arm and gave the BDM leader the salute.
Both times he’d stood there until the cold numbed his face, taking in Artur on tip-toes, James and Ian causally squabbling over the subject matter, their breath puffing in white clouds in front of them, needing the proof that they were safe there with him and alive.
Nik had given him a talking to, reminding him of the dwindling window of time he had to escape the country and his limited options to do so. Tony had kept up the front of refusal just on principal but they both knew he wasn’t about to waltz back into the world and betray himself on an issue of pride. He had an eidetic memory which would have made learning the drivel by heart easy enough never mind a genius level IQ. Whether Tony wanted it there or not the Nazi doctrine was up there to stay. He couldn’t help but feel very bitter about that. The weeks it took to get things settled with Captain Roger’s household and make sure Tony would pass any government inspection were primarily filled with hours in his workshop because as far as Tony was concerned the only way to drive out the utter
Tony was almost glad after all the weirdness to see the return of the Captain’s unsure expression. He held James at arm’s length (like he might be dangerous) but James held onto the captain’s muscular arms and kicked his legs experimentally, inspecting his legs in the water with interest.
“Xavier is willing to finance the extraction.” He began and Susann nodded, attentively, her eyes narrowed slightly as she focused on him. “If Ret is willing to provide the Intel and help us recover Dr. Leshner it would help the mission to go a lot smoother.”
Steve mumbled a hasty apology through his gritted teeth and raised his eyes back to Mueller who hadn’t moved. An unruffled smirk around the set of his mouth.
“Stark Industries still holds the naval contract. Who else did you think was going to head that operation?”
Sara had started to cry, big fat tears that made her little body wobble. Father frowned and gave it up as a bad job and scooped her up, shushing her quietly.
"Now children, a word of caution. It is an unfortunate truth that your father's treachery has convinced some that you are not to be trusted. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree as they say," Frauline Werner chuckled softly, but the sound was off in the heaviness of the silent room and Péter shivered. And then, as if it were nothing at all, she announced, "Your tutor Herr Stark has nobly taken up a commission with our naval forces - " shocked gasps erupted from Péter's siblings, but Frauline Werner just talked over them as if she didn't hear," - but we will be paying close attention to your education, never fear. I have no doubt that each one of you will prove yourselves to be nothing but the best assets to the fatherland."
His dress uniforms hung pressed and ready for use. Ian always had them ready, that was just how you did things. He snatched them off the hanger bed and without stopping to think and ripped off the patch Julia had sewn on. It lay limply in his hand like a crushed butterfly. Gritting his teeth, Ian began to rip off the buttons.
Which, if he were honest, he wanted to. There was a small flame burning in his gut that demanded vengeance for the man’s betrayal, for Tony’s dear mother and yes, even for his father, who had deserved a lot of things but not the way he’d died.
Steve jerked his head towards the door and instantly regretted it when pain flared and his vision swam. He steadied himself and then turned to back to Natacha, ignoring his oldest as Péter slunk from the room.
He was shouting something, his voice warbled and broken on a sob so that it took Tony a moment to recognize it for what it was.
“This?” Tony effected a deeply wounded tone and Clint’s grin widened. “This is a revolutionary piece of industrial history. Where would I get another? Ersa? I made this when I was nineteen. Sachs was still figuring out how to turn the lights on.”
He pummeled Steve as hard as he could, knuckles aching with each strike. Every grunt of pain he drove from Steve’s cracked lips sickeningly satisfying.
“Come, I’ll show you where the musicians and I are getting ready.” Frauline Van Dyne gestured, smiling broadly, and Herr Stark and the children eagerly followed her.
“Relax, will you.” Bucky huffed from where he sat in the passenger’s seat beside Steve as they drove up the narrow mountain road. Worry had gripped Steve hard since he’d been summoned for a meeting with General Striker. Steve had hoped that Dr. Erskine’s testimony regarding the children’s many illnesses would be enough to keep Striker at bay, but he knew the man was under pressure from Schmidt now that they suspected that Stefen had stolen the letter; but he’d not expected them to move so quickly.
The hardiest of the guests were still at it and probably had a few hours in them yet, but even on them Bucky could see the wilting in the form of hazy eyes, over boisterous laughter, and loose hair breaking free of gels and hairpins.
“You think they’re bad even though you don’t know them. You don’t care what happens to them either.”
There was a full-page sketch of Tony in some strange get up facing off with a gaggle of even stranger dressed barbarians with a bold title at the top.
Ah, so the admiral wasn’t all in favor of this push to bring Tony on board the project. Good. He could use that.
“But aren’t we his family?” Maria’s small voice pleaded, and it broke Tony’s heart to see the tears dampening her cheeks.
Not that Ret wasn’t a brilliant man in his own right. Susann was lucky to have found someone like Ret who cared far more about the research itself than the gender of the person providing the data, but the world did not share the same obsession with data as Richter. Few did really. It was kind of creepy if Steve were honest.
It was very quiet following his little speech and Tony could feel Stefen’s eyes boring into him, could imagine them well enough staring at him with glittering intelligence, catching more than Tony was comfortable revealing.
“Herr Stark.” The monk looked up, his gaze slow this time, feigned innocence replaced by something more frigid. Steve had known his share of bullies and he'd be damned if he'd be backed into a corner by a mad monk and his looks. “I think we've had quite enough stories to curdle our stomachs for one night.”
He wanted done with this farce, and to speak urgently about the letter. But they’d had not a single moment alone all evening in which he could safely bring it up, so when she’d asked him to dance he’d agreed before he could really think about what that entailed. He hadn’t danced with a woman since Peggy. Hadn’t wanted to and still didn’t.
“Stay,” Stefen instructed in a low rumble and Tony’s throat was too dry to so much as get out a word, though he doubted he’d have had the breath for it even if he’d had a mind to try. He nodded instead, eyes squeezed tightly shut as Stefen kissed the side of his jaw.  And then down his neck. And then Stefen’s teeth were tugging at the tender lobe of Tony’s ear as he reached between their bodies and wrapped one calloused hand around Tony’s aching cock.
The sound of an approaching motor drew his attention as a jeep carrying Gestapo slowly approached the building. Steve stiffened, hand steady on his rifle. But the Gestapo just crawled past, eyes combing the streets, never once looking up at where Steve was perched in the window.
"I've given up trying to understand you two. Just tell me you didn't overwork him. It’s Christmas eve and the day has barely begun."
it. But we’ll find a different way. If the Nazis ever get any idea of just how brilliant you actually are, you’d find yourself their prisoner and it would eventually be the death of you.”
"Both times in Vienna," Steve mused aloud, the pieces coming together in his mind as he franticly thought of a way out of the danger they were in. "It's the port they're watching. If someone saw the drop off they know they're looking for a woman. From there it only makes sense to question Richter’s wife."
"You're not a cardinal, are you?" Brother Albrecht asked in a somewhat hysterical tone and Tony found the adrenaline leaving his body in a rush, leaving nothing behind but bone deep exhaustion and the hysterical urge to laugh. Bruce started first, giggling lowly as a he dragged a tired hand down his face.
Clearly there was something weighing on her mind. Why was she so curious about his relationship with Tony? Steve thought, apprehension like an itch on his skin. What did she mean to get at by opening this line of question?
The conductor had offered to take his things when he boarded but Tony had waived him off. He just had the one trunk and saw no need to store it in the luggage van when the journey would be no more than a few hours.
That was one thing about the Nazis he could recommend, they supported their police in the way the monarchs and the socialists who had followed them never had, and they rewarded hard work regardless of what station a man was born in. Even odious men, like the thin weasel faced man who had shown up at the station back in October and demanded to see the chief of police like he was Queen Teresa herself, could become great men. Though maybe never a good one, Lt. Stevens thought staring at Herr Jurgan Hammer with distaste, who was once again sitting across his desk.
He was wondering at it as the door was thrown back on its hinges with a bang. Tony was off the bench before he'd finished his thoughts, bumping his hip in his haste to put the piano between himself and his unseen attacker.
“Ask your uncle for help.” Stefen called, gesturing to Bakhuizen who had wandered further down the bank. Without missing a note the man managed to make a rude gesture, shouting something back in their strange polish and Stefen’s smile grew.
He wanted to listen but it was too painful to swallow. Weakly Steve lifted an arm to push Bucky away, but it felt like pushing at a ton of bricks. This must be one of the really bad spells. He couldn't remember being this sick in a very long time. Ma must be so worried. She was the best healer in the caravan. She wouldn’t leave him with Catalina if she could help it. She wouldn’t trust the jealous woman not to curse him. He thought he could hear Catalina’s familiar laughter, a wet cackle emitting from her heavy chest.
“Very good bambina.” Tony encouraged her with a smile that felt sticky on his face. “See. You’re doing so well.”
In the hall below Tony paused, and Steve thought he must have spotted his uncle, but Tony’s neck was tilted up. Steve jolted slightly when Tony’s gaze caught his, when his mouth curled into a smile too tired to be anywhere close to beautiful. And yet it had no smaller effect on Steve, the sudden punch of it taking him by such surprise, it pushed the breath he’d been holding from his lungs.
“I climbed,” the boy answered in his accented German, as if that explained everything. At Tony’s dubious expression he grinned up towards the old hayloft and said, “There’s a window up there. You sleep up there so I know you know it.”
“You’d think he just popped up outta the ground or something. Like a daisy.” Bucky muttered and the chuckling intensified.
"I remember my first train ride. I was beside myself. This one is faster, class one engine. You can tell by the sound."
It was harder to say goodbye to the beard than he’d thought it would be. Shaving one’s face shouldn’t feel like cutting off a finger.
With a firm motion Stefen began to strum the instrument, the mandolin’s sound carrying in the silent room.
“Mon Ami!” Artur shouted, reaching desperately toward the water’s edge as Tony hauled him back to the shoreline. “Mon Ami!”
“Is it your intention to remain employed here?” The slender young housekeeper demanded to know. She barely allowed Tony to babble a sound or two in affirmation before she smartly informed him that antics like the ones he’d pulled the previous night and just moments before on the front steps would see him promptly dismissed.
Bucky thought again on the contents of that letter but a sickening twist in his guts had him dispelling the thoughts. They did no good to dwell on. His mother used to say misery would come in its own time. Why invite it in?
That won a laugh from the party guests, but all Tony cared about was the way Stefen’s shoulders relaxed as he shot Bucky an annoyed look, ruined by the fondness in his eyes.
“I know. He taught me when we were boys” Steve admitted, the fondness over the memory warming him to the conversation despite himself.
He touched his smarting cheek and frowned across the table at Bucky who sat back and regarded him with a frank expression, like one would when they were assessing a stranger and Steve’s gut twisted. Had Bucky seen? Had he seen what Steve had tried so desperately to contain all these years? Why else would he look at him that way...
“I counted ten men outside,” he murmured, almost too low to be heard over the sound of their scrubbing. “And there’s one or more armored trucks that goes by every half hour. They’re patrolling the roads.”
“Charlotte and I are getting to know each other,” he tried to explain, to himself as much as Jan. “There’s a lot for both of us to consider. I have children, and if I’m to bring someone into their lives, well it’s important to me that I find the right partner.”
“The soups good,” he informed her back carefully as she dug around in the pantry. “But Tony doesn’t like pork.”
“Explosion?” Steve asked, his heart beating painfully fast in his ribcage and dread making his voice dull. He couldn’t imagine how horribly wrong things would have had to go for there to be an explosion.
Fuck Rogers. He was always so fucking detailed. Every report he’d ever handed Dvořák had seemed to weigh at least three kilos. Did nothing happen on the base without the man’s notice? He wouldn’t be surprised if Rogers included the weight of each of his men’s shits.
“Cut it out, Tony, I need to know if it’s the children.” Stefen gracelessly batted at Tony's hand once more, with a wheezed huff of frustration.
They'd been given their first cup of tea in months after a particularly harsh patrol that a fourth of them hadn't returned from, and Bucky, arms wrapped around Steve, had predicted that Steve would live to be an old man with seven grandchildren.
"Oh good. He's brooding again. I was afraid we'd lost him forever." Tony faux whispered and he heard Sara giggle.
“The Captain should be careful who he disagrees with.” Harry warned as thunder rumbled distantly. “Austria was just the beginning, Pete. The Führer has promised to unite all German peoples and he won’t be stopped. They are going to train us. They’ve promised the best of us positions in the SS.”
Tony’s mouth twitched with tension and he turned his gaze back on Steve, something in it open and vulnerable.
“Back inside.” The Captain ordered, already turning back to the stairwell. Tony wanted to scream curses, everything inside him was so red and enflamed. What made Captain Rogers think it was that easy? Hadn’t he learned anything yet?
"Yes, he is here. Another distraction to my work and a disruption to my ward. How am I to run a proper laboratory if I am not allowed access to my own specimens?"
Too quickly and somehow nowhere near quickly enough they reached the village of Henndorf. The bus station wasn't so much a station as it was a little ticket booth sandwiched between the pub and the general store. It was early enough in the evening that the pub was still lively, and they had to wait a few minutes to use the only phone in residence; but strangely the operator could not get an answer at the villa. It worried tony. It was not so late that Hammer or Pepper would have gone to bed for the night. Someone should have answered.
” Sam spoke up for the first time taking a step toward the boy. He halted momentarily at Hammer’s warning glare but set his shoulders and continued forward a moment later as if he hadn’t noticed (or perhaps, didn’t care). “Most of my family has moved on. It’s time I moved on too.”
There would be no more hiding. No more safety in sheep's clothing. The end would come that much quicker.
Slowly Stefen stepped closer and kneeled down in front of the pair, so that he was no longer towering above them and Tony watched as he spoke quietly to them in what Tony was only sure wasn’t polish. Personally he doubted it was Ukrainian either, if only because being heir to a ship building empire meant that he’d been schooled so that he could converse with most of the major powers in Europe.
Tony had not known he was going to say it until just before the words slipped out, but as he might have predicted Stefen jerked as if Tony had slapped him.
“It’s better you don’t know.” he replied, not having the energy or the will to lie in that moment. The last thing any of them needed was more lies. Péter’s eyes narrowed, his jaw working mulishly and Tony sighed inwardly. “Before you argue with me Pete, can we just get one thing out of the way? Your father is not always right about everything, but he’s right about not involving you in things that could endanger your life.”
"Steve…” Tony licked dry lips and tried to say with as much delicateness as he was capable. “You don't even know if the rest of your caravan survived after you left them. As much as I know it hurt to lose their way of life, your families survived because you and Bucky found a way to make that happen."
The monks had been kind and brave to stick their necks out for the rescue effort even when they did not know the full scope of the danger. Farkas could not have told them very much at all about the operation, but Tony had known how deep the depths of their compassion and commitment to their fellow man went when he'd heard what they’d risk to shelter undesirables. But every day that Tony spent under their roof was another day they risked discovery, and Brother Simone seemed relieved to see him go if only for that. Tony couldn't blame him.
The entire household down to the last maid had gathered in the smaller siting room – the one reserved just for the family’s use and not the formal room meant for entertaining when there were guests – and it looked as if he and Ian were the last to arrive.
They lay in silence, Tony resting his head against the headboard happily basking in Stefen’s warmth and the scent of him, concentrated and dense from days of being bedridden. Tony didn’t mind it. Though it was sharp in places, it was kept from sourness by frequent sponge bathes. In a strange way he treasured it. The heat of his skin as well as what odors clung to it, were all signs of life.
Maria thought Tony hadn’t seen the novel she’d tucked inside her lesson book (something pastel with French in the title) her focus on it intent as she slowly mouthed the words to herself. The child couldn’t even speak French! Let alone read it.
James, for once, was completely still at Ian’s shoulder, waiting for Ian to be given the command. Even Artur was standing perfectly at attention.
Becker nodded and grabbed one of the duffle bags, five of the men following him to patrol the nearby streets and keep up the ruse of a training operation underway. Another squad would keep watch on their exits, monitoring everyone who came and went out of the building. The remaining five would stay here in the apartment, keeping watch from the windows. They would rotate squads when necessary to keep the men fresh.
“Yes.” The man finally decided upon, and Steve couldn’t say that there wasn’t a bit of surprise. He’d honestly expected some sort of lie. “There was someone placed on your case for a time. You needn’t worry. He’s become compromised and unfortunately has to be retired.”
“You’re the mayor. You talk, see if they listen!’ Steve was five steps ahead of the moment, already mentally downstairs on his motorbike. He thundered down the stairs, fear creeping cold through his chest as the crowd outside suddenly broke into a furious roar and surged toward the business district. He broke out into a run.
“If you stare at me like that during dinner, you’ll land us both in trouble.” Tony murmured lowly, mindful of the driver, and Steve allowed himself one more moment to drink him in before dutifully moving his gaze somewhere else. Thankfully the car had reached the front steps of the main lodge and had slowed to a stop.
“That’s enough!” Steve’s hands landed against the surface of the table, rattling the dishes and the hall went deathly quiet as he pushed up from his seat.
Cap and Bakhuizen had ambled into view followed closely by James (who had opted to delay swimming in order to shadow his uncle) both with large armfuls of dry branches in their arms.
They’d all laughed at that, and though the other men seemed to take it as a good joke at Steve's expense, Steve could feel the ice forming in his gut at what he’d known to be a thinly veiled threat. Schmidt was far from deterred.
Stefen looked like he couldn't decide whether to be concerned or perplexed by this and Tony chuckled. He tucked Sara's toes under the hem of her night gown and leaned down to kiss the head of her bear.
He didn't know what those numbers meant, or why they would be there, but the sight of them sent cold creeping through Tony's veins.
With no piano and no tools on hand he’d settled for taking his journal into the sitting room. He was still sitting there, working on the schematics for mark two of the engine he’d never been able to finish – he’d already thought up ways to improve it – when the sky beyond the windows began to pale.
at the same time. Right. First order of business was finding the lights. The cabin was not he quickly discovered so modern as to be hooked up to electricity.
“Ester,” she replied with a pursed lipped expression that made Tony wonder if that was the truth or not.
She had a lot to think about. If she let her father touch her she’d start crying again. He might even hold her like he had when she was little and there was no time for her to be little anymore.
“I just assumed that a monk would like the countryside. Simple people and all that, with a dedication to the faith. But I suppose you’re right. A man who runs to war might not be your typical monk.” She finished, something slightly bitter in her voice. She slipped her pale fingers around the neck of her glass.
Dressed in the costumes that Bucky had procured for them - lederhosen for the boys and dirndl for the girls, Tony led the children out on stage with a confident smile to the thunderous applause of those gathered in the big tent.
He’d just decided to turn away and return to his bed when the woman turn down a dock not far from his window, heading toward the dark silhouette of an anchored ship. He perked to attention.
“Light up whole cities for years. A reactor with that kind of energy output could change the face of the planet. Think about what we could do with that!”
Tony did not know what the captain and Bakhuizen did all day holed up in Rogers study. It seemed to involve a great many rustling of papers and telephone calls at all hours of the day and night. Had Tony been more concerned with his duties as a spy he might have tried his hand at peering through key holes and listening at doorways but he was no longer so concerned by whatever business kept Rogers away from his children, as he was with finding a way to put an end to it.
He didn't know. There was so much to do, royal visits aside. People to meet with, pieces to set in place in order to strengthen their network. A month maybe? Two? If Thorson agreed to help them weaponize like he hoped it could be more...
“Do you want to help me paint my boat Father?” He pleaded, tugging Stefen toward the bench. “We finished the hard part already, honest, and Tony says it’s got the best body he’s ever seen. Which means it’s going to win the race for sure!”
No one said anything. There wasn’t a man among them who didn’t understand the weight of Schmidt’s threats.  Finally, Zimmerman turned his head and blinked at him, his glasses making his eyes appear owlish.
“I need the air,” Steve snapped before he could finish. He felt their eyes on him all the way to the door.
Dinner prep came together well enough - even with James poking his nose in every five minutes to voice his suspicions that a meal not prepared by Willamina’s hands was sure to be dangerous - and just in time to do something about the children’s increasing restlessness. Artur had been to check the tree three times and come back each time more disappointed than the last that the Christkind had not come to leave them their presents. Charlotte suggested they go outside and play in the snow with a wink in Stefen’s direction, but the children didn’t seem to find it suspicious when she begged off joining them, claiming to have a headache. With Charlotte staying behind in the house to work a little Christmas magic, Tony Steve and Bucky took the children outside.
It had been easier than Tony expected to find information on Nonno. It helped that he’d been a successful business man for many years before Tony’s father had bought out the shipyard. The last known address Tony could find for him was on a business license for a carpenter’s shop in the city issued fifteen years ago. It made Tony feel sick looking at that address, knowing for certain now that his grandparents had been in Pola all this time, a stones throw away from Tony’s childhood home.
We're both supremely dedicated to finishing the fic (FIOT is actually going to be writing at bootcamp the crazy) and appreciate you sticking with us.
She blinked at him blankly, struck dumb with surprise, and if Tony felt ridiculously satisfied about that, so sue him.
Well, if there was one good thing in all this madness it was that Stefen wasn’t retreating back into his shell as often. It was good, that he got out with the children more.
Huh? How did what go? Bucky wondered as Stark made a shrugging motion, pouring himself a generous cup from the remaining coffee.
“Who is asking?” Steve asked. True to habit Bucky let Steve take point, his keen eyes observing the newcomer closely as he took lazy puffs on his cigarette.
“She was hiding in the wood. I only found out because Cate came and got me. They both got away, but she was afraid Natacha wouldn’t get home if someone recognized her.”
It was not uncommon for wealthier families to send their children out of war zones. Completely legal and above the board. Children had tutors and governesses with them all the time, no reason to suspect foul play. A tutor, coming from the captain’s own household? They’d practically write his ticket for him. If he could play his cards right, keep his head down as Nik was always insisting, well then he could sneak out of the country long before the S.S. even knew there was something to look for.
“We are surrounded by chaos, a near biblical struggle for the soul of our world, and all you can think of is this man.” Grig pointed out. Tony prickled, but thought his cousin’s honey colored brows were lifted more inquisitively than judgmentally, and the prickling eased.
“I hate all this.” Péter mumbled, seemingly unaware of Tony’s distraction. “I’m just as brave as Harry and the others. I could do anything they can do. I could.”
Oh god... Tony stumbled forward beginning to slide and lose his footing. He caught himself just in time, pausing to fight for breath and gulp down the surge of panic. Had Ian ever even been on a sled before? He could break his neck! And as soon as he thought it the visions came, Ian twisted and broken somewhere on the side of the mountain or splattered at the bottom. Oh God. Oh god oh god oh god.
“Captain, I wasn’t expecting you to join us.” Tony murmured in greeting when he was close enough to trade whispers their audience wouldn’t hear. Something had to be wrong to get Stefen up on stage with them. Stefen had never even rehearsed with them. Tony would have to think of something quick to make it seem as if they had.
They were lucky they had not been caught, but it was only a matter of time. The baroness had said that Tony and Uncle Bucky would be here to help them but neither of them were here.
Péter nodded, just as a sharp whistle filled the station and a loud voice announced over the noise of the crowd the last call for the train headed west towards Paris, where Ned was meeting up with his parents before journeying home to England.
“Take this,” Bakhuizen said gruffly, shoving their basket of food into Tony's chest. Tony wobbled backward with the force of it.
“That’s right Maria, your birthday always comes after the new year!” Artur exclaimed, and Maria’s face split into a small shy grin as Artur hugged her around the middle, her cheeks pinkening with embarrassment from the attention.
Sara bounced up and down with excitement as Steve shook the operators hand and received his prizes. She beamed happily when Steve handed her the teddy bear. When Steve handed Tony the second one he accepted it with far less grace.
"But you did make that choice Charlotte." Virgina's voice stayed gentle, but there was nothing soft about the way she looked at Charlotte as she closed the space between them with slow measured steps. It made Charlotte feel trapped but she refused to look away, no matter how uncomfortable the twisting sense of guilt in her gut became. Virginia was right, as she so often was. Charlotte had always known the risks and she'd made her choices. But the children...What choice had they had?
“Show me the other three units.” Steve instructed, and Herr Grimm nodded, gesturing for Steve to follow as he led him to the living room window. It looked out over the square which meant it had a clear view of the surrounding apartment buildings, all of which Grimm managed. Once Steve had received the go ahead from the Abwehr and the official command had reached Schmidt that his public tour would have to wait for Steve to take on a highly classified military operation, Steve had divided his team into five units and over the past week one by one they’d been snuck into the apartments surrounding the chancellery.
Steve blew out a long breath, his shoulders twitching. Bucky spared him a moment of quick, sharp consciousness at the sudden motion but then fell back under when there was no sight of immediate danger. Over at the table Zimmerman had pulled out a deck of cards and was silently losing at porker with some of the other soldiers.
Péter's ears were ringing, but he thought it was Bobby who had shouted, though there were several pairs of hands involved in the process of hauling Johann off of him and helping to prop Péter up as a shrill whistle cut through the air.
Stark did not heed authority. He said what he pleased, went where he pleased, did what he pleased, based on his own judgment and (scarily) encouraged the children to follow the same principle.
“Is there something you needed Sir? I didn't hear you ring.” He glared at the night staff, Frau Hogan, her husband, Willamina the cook and his grounds keeper Samuel Wiess, gathered around the table as if it was personally their fault.
It was a moment before the Captain's voice returned with a crackle of interference and a pop before his gruff voice could be heard barking, "what is it?"
Though the conversation rolled its way through all the usual topics (the weather, the grandness of Germany, the Führer, the anti-nationalists and back again to the grandness of Germany and the Germanic peoples) Vonkov seemed determined to do two things by evenings end: humiliate Tony, and convince Steve that it was somehow in the best interest of everyone if he were to consider donating blood to the institute to help with their ongoing research.
He sighed, the headache he’d been fighting since his meal with Charlotte pounding just behind his eyes. He hoped to god Hasenkamp arrived soon so they could be finished here. For the first time Steve wished all they’d wanted from him was to smile and kiss babies.
One could wonder given his low opinion of the man, why he agreed to work with him at all and why Rogers had trusted him enough to include him in his plans.
The villa was alive with music and lights, but the joy that should have accompanied such a gathering was leached by the number of somber faces in crisp uniforms moving about the room. Tony didn’t think he’d seen this many S.S. in one place since Dachau, and he couldn’t help but be nervous. But maybe that had less to do with the sheer number of officers in the house that night, and more specifically to do with his new friend.
He had such expressive hands, impressive in their dexterity. He was always moving them about when he talked. He'd watched them earlier in the garage when Tony had been bent over the engine of Peggy’s old car, watched as they twisted, pulled and shifted parts so quickly it was like the steps of a well-choreographed dance.
It would hurt too deeply, he realized, to hear Stefen hum and haw and step over the question; or worse to hear him say that those boys had been justified in their actions. That such brutality could be excused when it came to the Jews.
“No! Give her to me!” Steve nearly dropped Maria in surprise as Tony surged forward as if he’d just come back to life, wresting her from his arms.
“Can I share a secret with you?” Tony leaned down and cupped a hand against his mouth to faux whisper. Sara nodded eagerly and he continued. “I grew up in a big house, just like this one. Bigger maybe.”
The words floored Tony. He had no reply for them, unable to wrap his head around the fact that his father, the man who had constantly threatened to disinherit him and send him to the abbey in exile, had ever said such a thing about him. Tony, change the world? He’d been hiding in a cellar, terrified for his life like a cornered rat only days ago.  No way Hughard had ever said anything like that about him, but he wouldn’t put it past Farkas to say he did. Just to manipulate him.
Steve pulled on the coat while Magda watched impatiently, bewildered and anxious over his slow lethargic movements. He had to lean on her to stand, but once he had his legs under him, he stayed upright. Teeth clenched, he put one foot down in front of the other until they reached Magda had pulled one of the big doors open and they’d exited the barn.
Stark didn’t demand respect or loyalty the same way that Stefen did. But people gave it to him just as readily. Likely because his competence was undeniable, his cleverness engaging, and his charismatic nature made all the more pleasant by the genuine warmth of his personality.
Tony gestured with charismatic aplomb as he spoke, like a conductor leading an orchestra. Indeed, Göring and his crowd of sycophants and hangers on were soaking it all in, hanging on his every word.
Okay, so it was arguable that the little bouts of banter that he and Stefen seemed to fall so naturally into (now that the captain had managed to loosen the iron pole lodged in his ass) could be called flirting, by some very hopeful individual willing to overlook the very obvious fact that a man like Captain Rogers did not flirt. Obviously.
It was not a happy sound, but they were good, and if it took their minds off things for a little while Deiter couldn't begrudge them that. He relaxed back into his seat and let the sound of their music wash over him.
Even Péter, who at first had been excited at the prospect of cycling to town, had dug his heels in when he realized he might be seen by his friends. Well they were just going to have to find some way to live with being less than model citizens under Tony’s tutelage now weren’t they.
“At least not openly. Not back then. They’d have killed him without a second thought. I made sure no one knew how I felt, least of all poor Rhodey. I flirted with every woman who would so much as look at me and made an ass of myself trying to down out any other feelings. The first time I ever had a woman it was one of the kitchen girls. She was older, got engaged to a miller that fall… I guess she liked the thrill of making a man out of the Stark heir. But it really didn’t. I was a lonely boy and that just made it worse.”
“Tony’s right.” He declared to the others. “We can’t just sit around, sorry for ourselves. Father wouldn’t want us to give up hope. He’d-” but before he could finish, Natacha wrested herself free of his arms with a vicious jab of her elbow and fled up the ladder and into the loft, slamming the door shut behind her. The latch scraped loudly in the silence she left behind.
Steve was anxious, and irritated that Péter was still pulling these childish bouts of rebellion, but he did what he could to let it go. He’d have a talk with him when he got home. Truthfully, Steve was hurt that Péter hadn’t just asked him. He’d hoped that things had changed between them enough that Péter would trust him enough to know he wouldn’t refuse to let him see Harry anymore.
!” he hissed through his aching throat, not entirely sure who he was snarling that word at, Stark or the fool who’d damned himself by falling in love with him. And damned Bucky right along with him.
“We’re not discussing this. That’s the end of it!” Captain Rogers (and it was truly no less than the return of the vaunted Captain Rogers) snapped and James flinched, before swelling up like a puffer fish.
God the way Stefen was looking at him, like he was some wondrous creature he’d stumbled upon in some dangerous wild.
It was a hazy moment before Steve realized that it was Susann who was speaking but he was collected enough to offer a genuine smile for his old friend by the time the woman had come from behind the counter.
“But I can’t help but think of Ret and Frank, and wonder what they would do without you. I wouldn’t blame you for sitting this out.”
Instead he’d selfishly and crudely carried on an affair with Stark right under her nose. In Margrit’s house no less, right beside her sleeping children! It was his decision to damn the children along with himself that truly stung the most. She was in some danger now herself since she was publicly his accomplice, but she would find a way to take care of herself. The children could not.
"Are you the pot or the kettle in this situation?" he asked tiredly and Bucky's mouth twisted in a tired grimace of a smile.
He jerked away instinctively, blinking fever bright eyes free of sweat as Bucky's round dirt streaked face came into focus.
He’d thought about going to the kitchen, seeing what he could scrounge up. He’d stopped by Stefen’s room as part of habit, just needing to assure himself the man was alright, not as surprised as he could have been to find the bed empty.
But that hardly seemed to matter to Natacha Rogers, sitting fourth row center (that had cost Tony more than was wise to spend given their circumstances) in the playhouse that winter night, the first year of the war. On stage the princess danced with an accompaniment of party guests and visiting nobles, celebrating her sixteenth birthday. Sixteen years lived in defiance of the dark cloud that hung over her existence and the curse that had followed her every graceful step from the cradle. The curse was, but so was she. The war was, but so were they. They danced on in spite.
The crowd around them tittered, relaxing as their focus shifted from Steve to Tony as the monk leaned to smile down at little Oliva Greer, tickling the baby’s chin until she smiled gummily at him.
But the ceiling above him began to adjust itself, his eyes diligently refocusing until the room around him became solid and the rocking stilled as if it had never been, revealing the sharp square features of the operation theater.
The captain blinked in surprise and shook his head, looking somewhat embarrassed as he said, “My schooling came pretty late in life, and even then… not a lot of time for Shakespeare. What’s so funny about them?”
“You dare much Mr. Bakhuizen.” Prince Loki sneered, something cold entering his eyes. “But I’ll remind you to whom you speak.”
Steve didn’t answer for a moment, though Bucky could tell Steve didn’t need him to explain. After a long pause Steve got the words out, slow and a bit hesitant.
Tony looked startled as Nigel made a noise of exclamation, grabbing for his hand and pumping it mightily.
“How did you get in here?” Tony demanded to know as Barton swung his way down from the rafters, kicking up a cloud of dust as he landed. Tony had designed the locks on the door himself so that he could lock it from within as well as without. So he was a little peeved that the Abbot’s favorite minion had somehow managed to find his way inside.
Stark moved away from him, his eyes raking up Steve's form. He was suddenly very aware that he was standing in his wrinkled day clothes in the middle of Stark’s room with a gun tucked away in his jacket. Well, today had certainly been eventful.
“Mountain troopers huh?” Bucky grunted later as the car took them back toward the hotel. There was a wealth of meaning behind the sound and when their eyes met Steve could see his own ghosts staring back at him. “Any of the old team crazy enough to come back for seconds besides you?”
Steve’s mind was a terrible thing. His eyelids felt like they were made of heavy pebbles and opening them felt impossible. When he finally managed it, he was met with blurs of dull color and dim light. He blinked again his eyes stinging as they adjusted.
“You gave up your turn! It’s my turn!” Artur insisted, tugging on the garment only for James to tug harder, jabbing his younger brother in the ribs with one elbow as he snarled in reply, “Well now I want it back. Give it here! Nobody wants a fat roly-poly little thing like you tagging along anyway.”
Before he could cry out, a hand slammed down over his mouth and a familiar voice urgently shushed him.
“But I know him too. I can beat him by allowing him to believe I am naive enough to hand him everything he wants. First my designs and my company, and then you when he inevitably goes back on the deal; but when he does betray me, he’ll be looking in the wrong direction. While he’s focused on Venice and Switzerland, we’ll be headed to meet up with the agent in Genoa and then on to France.” Tony finished with a heavy sigh. “I couldn’t risk going home if he had someone tailing me. Maria was going to send someone with a message in the morning.”
The woman would talk to the goat when she came to feed them. Quiet affectionate babble while she rubbed its head and neck. Sometimes she even spoke to Steve the same way, eyeing him as if he were as unruly as her pet and too pitiful to lift the cool cup of water to his lips, all the while admonishing him for whatever foolish and cowardly actions had led to imprisonment and near death. She didn’t seem to desire or expect an answer from him, which suited them both. She seemed like a good woman, and he was glad not to have her blood on his hands, but she was still an enemy. A wall standing between him and those he loved.
“Are we ready to get out now?” he asked hopefully. Avoidance worked really well in most situations too. Poseidon reincarnated including. James heard him though and immediately began to protest.
Ona pressed herself against the fence and pointed needlessly as Magda approached the body slowly, clutching the hoe in knuckle white hands. He was a big man, and if he woke it would be a struggle to take him down. He could very well be escaped from Dachau. Hadn’t there been a prison break a few months back? They’d said all the escapees were caught, but maybe they had missed one.
When Pepper and the children had filed out, Daniel and Cameron following behind after the housekeeper urged them along with a few sympathetic clucks of her tongue, Tony and Bucky turned to the captain expectantly.
With their hair neatly trimmed and slicked back, the both of them cleaned up nicer than Tony ever would have expected.  Bucky had borrowed Hogan’s best coat, and looked the part of a distinguished driver, while Clinton could have given any of the dewy-eyed cloister boys Tony had met in his youth a run for their money. Neither of them looked at all like they’d spent the wee hours of the morning docking a boat on the muddy shores of the river amper, the way that Tony knew they had.
“I didn’t know how to attach them,” she said as she handed them over, moving to give him space and reaching inside the chest for the second pump. And Tony quickly showed her how.
Stefen nodded, brow furrowing thoughtfully. "The Amper connects to the Danube. It flows all the way down to Budapest."
Rogers had been reported sick for going on two weeks. This Dr. Erskine did not sound as if he had been to the household in months, and if he was truly a Jew Dvorak didn't see how it was possible his practice could have stayed open through the summer, let alone after the November riots.
“It’s good to have you with us this morning. We were beginning to wonder if you were ever coming back.”
“You said something earlier about unwrapping.” Stefen reminded him in a warm timbre and Tony stepped closer.
Stefen did not share Tony’s optimistic view, nervously twitching and grinding his teeth the entire drive to the cottage district; because it would just be the worst sort of shame if they offended his good friend the baroness. Tony, by contrast, was in a brilliant mood.
The fog had cleared and it had begun to snow. Sheets of it lit by the moon swirled around them in a cocoon as dangerous as it was beautiful. Bucky drove on as if he knew the way by heart, undeterred by the way the road had disappeared underneath them. They rattled along a mile or more by Tony’s judgment, until finally there came a slight break in the trees and the silhouette of a modest hunting lodge peeked into view.
“Hughard loved me in his fashion, just as I am loved here in a fashion, but I am not at home. I was never at home until I made one for myself. It just so happened that Captain Rogers and his children were lost at the same time that I was lost. Their pieces and my pieces made for good bricks, and well, I am a builder. We made a home for each other not based on land or blood, but our will and our want to walk through life together. He’s home. I don’t pretend to know much more than that.”
Two days later an unmarked car was waiting for Steve and Bucky at the end of the block at the time designated on the slip of paper Siv had given him. The driver didn’t speak to them as they slid into their seats, Steve taking front, but Steve appreciated the silence. He didn’t think he had it in him for small talk that evening.
Taking a risk Tony tentatively placed his hands upon Stefen’s shoulders, and though they were tight beneath his hands and that wounded expression did not fade from his face, Stefen did not resist the touch. If anything he leaned in, gravitating toward Tony as the slightly shorter man smiled up at him with a hint of apology.
“We have a front door. Why sneak in at all?” She asked slowly, and far too suspiciously for Tony’s liking. Clinton flashed a crooked grin and shrugged.
“Rachol’s dead.” He allowed himself to say out loud for the first time, all of the fight draining out of him like water through bullet holes in a barrel. He felt the words settling down in his gut like boulders. He let himself finally hold them up in the light of day and look squarely at them without flinching back into the safety of empty hope.
He hated listening to the news and hearing people debating about the sanity of the Führer and whether Switzerland should or shouldn’t welcome German refugees. He hated hearing about the fighting in Czechoslovakia and wondering if his father was safe. He hated reading letters from Tony that told him all the good things, but glossed over the fact that Ian was depressed again and Natacha was isolating herself and pushing everyone out.
“Yes. It’s not everything but I can get more. I’d be at the heart of their operation.” Tony began to persuade and Steve sobered, blinking out of his daze.
"You left half your plate at breakfast too." Natacha added dryly and Stefen pinned her with a hard look (because she certainly knew what she was doing) before twisting his face into a smile that felt plastic.
“Hush! Quiet. Be silent!” he ordered, hating having to be harsh with them but fearing drawing attention to their location. The cellar went still and Steve listened hard for the sound of approaching footsteps.  When no came he allowed himself a fraction of relief and turned back to Tony, who was still holding a silently weeping Maria.
I’m sorry for this nightmare that we’ve given you.” Bucky lamented, fisting his hands before he pushed away from the car. Something seemed to have come over him. Some certainty of purpose because as he marched toward her she straightened like a soldier at attention, ready for what was to come.
’ Tony wondered as he slowly turned about the room. Close to the window, on a Bonheur du jour, stood a display of silver framed photographs, blue cotton runner protecting the dark wood from the metal frames. It took him a moment to identify the accompanying objects as medals and then he was blown away by the sheer number of them. Good lord this man was decorated. The captain no matter the boldness of his stature would look ridiculous with all of them on.
They didn’t expect trouble so soon, but only a fool forgot the possibility and didn’t prepare for it. That was the nature of treason and subterfuge, you hoped for the best and expected the noose.
The women froze, their bustle and chatter dying, as the captain barged into the room, his eyes immediately homing in on the strangers within their midst.
There was roaring in his ears, outside his own body, and thrashing off to his side. Something blunt struck him repeatedly against the side, sending sharp pains through his bones. Whatever was in the pen with him was angry and hit hard. Whatever, and not whoever, because even in the din of his clouded mind Steve picked up on the sound of angry bleating. Animal. Not man.
“General Schmidt threatened me.” He heard himself say suddenly into the small group of men he was huddled with against the nights chill as they took their turn at patrol
He was not used to being outside Steve’s thoughts. Even when he was sinking in the dark mud of his memories from war, Bucky knew what that was like and could find him there. But this, talking to Steve and feeling like they were talking right past each other, was new and frustrating. He fucking hated it if he was honest.
Natacha stared at him a beat longer, taking in his threadbare trousers and tousled hair with the intent of a spider watching flies buzz around its web.
“A man would have to be dead to find you boring Charlotte and you well know it.” She smirked and he began to lead them through the crowd toward the prince and his party. “I think we've waited long enough to introduce ourselves.”
But Tony was certain something was wrong from the moment they entered the kitchen door to find the kitchens still and dark, the ovens looking as if they had been cooling for hours despite the relative earliness of the hour. A chill hung in the air, as it was not much warmer inside the villa as it was outdoors. But it was the quiet that disturbed Tony the most. He couldn’t hear any of the maids, who should have been winding the house down for the night, or any of the children, who should have been preparing for bed. It was too still, and Tony began to wonder if the family had not returned as planned after all – but some creeping sense told him they had, and that he’d stumbled upon a house that was holding its breath. In fear and anticipation of what, was the question.
His attacker didn't move, in fact his attacker might as well have been made of marble. Tony blinked and coughed out a breath, trying to quiet his racing heartbeat as he and Captain Rogers stared at each other.
“Good luck.” Tony offered in parting, chuckling under his breath when Bethany, who had already stepped toward her fiancé, jerked to a stop and turned on her heel to offer her own belated goodbye.
"I don’t think it matters very much what either of us want Tony." Primly she smoothed the wrinkles out of her skirt and headed for the door, lingering only a moment once she reached it to turn back to him, a familiar sly glint entering her eye.
"I’m sorry, we don't accommodate vagabonds,” the fellow rudely interrupted. “There's a monastery down the road, I'm sure they'll be happy to assist you. If they're still open."
“Ian would like to know why you and I shared a room with Captain Rogers.” Stark finished. ‘And came out looking like a Christmas Ham’ went unsaid, but the children were all looking at them, subdued and just this shade of fearful as they waited for someone to explain it away (make it better). Bucky gritted his teeth.
With a cheeky nod of his cap Clinton disappeared out the door again, leaving Steve and the men alone with the Boehringers. Steve opened up the small folded paper Clinton had left with him, eyes widening at the information written in small codded script.
Tony had gotten up to push the small girls plate closer to her (already thinking up ways to add length to her chair legs) when out of the corner of his eye he spotted James stealing a roll from Ian’s plate while his brother’s back was turned. Without much thought beforehand he grabbed the boy’s wrist and plucked the roll from his hand.
Tony fumbled to catch the envelope as the man moved his hand, and the shape of whatever was inside must have excited him because a moment later he’d torn open the top and dumped a tiny metal ring with two iron keys on it into his hand. Péter expected him to turn and try and open the door again with the same urgency he’d had before, but Tony paused, his brow furrowing deeply in confusion and in curiously wounded tone, asked single question, “You’re leaving?”
The door swished open once more as a pair of loudly laughing men entered (well one of the pair was laughing, the other one just looked surely and put upon). The sound of the happy ones voice carried over the crowd. Bucky was relieved to see that one of them was the man he was waiting to see, though he was surprised to see he’d brought someone. He waved for the man’s attention and when Kirk nodded in acknowledgment he turned back to Hedwig.
The whistles shrill chirp stopped Captain Rogers in his tracks. He turned slowly, dangerously, and Tony gave him his most innocent expression.
Beside him Maria nodded. Her face was white and her eyes were full of tears. Artur clenched his teeth until they ached.
Tony’s eyes found Natacha where she sat in the back row, at the farthest end nearest the window. Their “schoolroom” was actually a donated room within a seamstress shop. During class hours the bolts, fabrics, and machines were moved aside to make space at the tables for the children.
“They’re harmless.” Tony wondered how Bakhuizen was so certain of this but kept that thought to himself.
Charlotte ignored him as she collected the stamps and applied them carefully, but there was no truly forgetting that he was there.
When it had become necessary he'd removed them from public education altogether, where it was a simple matter of from his lips to the governesses pen declaring them behind in their studies.
“Shut up Stark!” Bakhuizen snapped, sounding like he was all but at his breaking point. “I have every right to shoot him. I’m the only one. I’d do it a hundred times before I ever let the damn
Consider it? Péter had never known it was possible to want a thing so badly, but he hadn't known something like this was possible. He still didn't think it was!
"Don't I?" Bucky asked, his eyes dipping down to the place where she kept the knife he'd given her. Natacha’s eyes widening in surprise. She didn't know how he could know it was there, hidden under her blouse and taped tightly against her side. She'd positioned it just right, so that if she had to touch or hug anyone, they wouldn't feel it under her clothes.
Stefen held himself tightly, his nerves palpable in the slight space between their shoulders. He held his gaze away from Tony, and Tony followed it to the compass Stefen still held between his hands, to the black and white picture of his family on the picnic blanket. The captain stared into the picture as if it held all the answers, and Tony wondered if he wasn’t searching there because the gift had something to do with his family. He didn’t know how that could be either. It was all very mysterious. Tony had made him the compass so that he wouldn’t lose himself again. But why had Stefen made him this?
“Some of them are fair enough to hide in plain sight.” Striker replied stiffly. “Nevertheless, I think we all agree a gentler and more permanent solution must be found than the somewhat harsh tactics we employ at the border.”
“What would he gain by that?” Steve rebutted, eyes narrowing on the slender prince. Loki crossed the space between their seats and extended glasses toward him and Bucky, giving him a pointed stare.
He turned and nodded at Dvorak and Dr. Fischer sharply, instructing them to wait there. Then he strode off, nose so high in the air it was in danger of catching dust from the ceiling. Just when Dvorak thought it was safe to relax, Frau Hogan called out toward the man’s retreating back.
Tony couldn’t distinguish exactly what the others were saying but Tony was sure Arturs shrieked demands to be next could be heard from the house.
“Here I am, Captain.” Tony said with a small smile, drinking in the way Stefen’s eyes roved over his face, as if looking to memorize it. Tony’s voice was far steadier than he felt and he wondered that Stefen could stay so unaffected when he felt that at any moment he might humiliate himself and start begging for the man to touch him.
Péter scrambled toward the fire place and immediately began shoveling soot over the crackling flames. Tony could not have been more grateful to have somebody there who’s brain worked faster than at a crawl.
“Of course it don’t. Careful, Chava, you might hit something.” Bakhuizen teased the boy, dropping a few extra tin cans next to Tony and Ian.
She released him, but only to slap him hard against the shoulder and demand to know what he thought he was doing. “Do you want to give me a heart attack? I haven’t slept a wink because of you. I’m too old to worry so much. Look at you! Has this woman not fed you?”
“Oh yes, they’re swell Frau Hogan.” Péter hurried to agree with a brave smile and Pepper shook her head at them, a small smile tugging at her mouth as she straightened her back and banished the cloud that had settled over them.
Ian blinked, taken aback, but nodded seriously. He bit the corner of his lip to stave off a tender grin of elation. Tony was glad for it, but couldn’t help the guilt jabbing at him as he wondered if that was how the other children felt as well. Did they all think he’d been avoiding them?
“The boy pleaded with them to stop tormenting the baby snake, and though he must have been very frightened, he offered them a deal. ‘If you give me the snake I will give you all the money I have’. When they found out he had a 100 coins they were eager to make the deal.
dancers, had created opportunities for local unseasoned dancers, who stepped up to fill the gaps. Despite the cold, the threat of war, and everything else, people carried on, trying to lift each other’s spirits. They went to the ballet, because they were all in the mood for a little beauty to transport them out of their worries.
“There you are!” a voice shattered the silence and the lock on their gazes.  Hermann Göring stomped into the study, one hand shoveling in his breast pocket for a cigarette. He was followed at a much slower pace by Senior Leader Willham Striker.
Alright yes, Tony recognized that he was being uncharitable, and he was even willing to acknowledge that most of his bitterness truly stemmed from the pit of worry that had taken region in his stomach – but he was reserving the right to be as mad and as bitter as he pleased for as long as he needed to be. Stefen hadn’t answered his letter, and had left him to deal with anxious and downright crabby children who didn’t know how to deal with the stress of their ever changing world.
?” Natacha hissed incredulously. “Are you mad? He’ll murder me, and then he’s going to track you down, and burry your corpse wherever he happens to find you. Here lies Péter Rogers, the thickest boy who ever lived!”
And Stefen could never really be sure after that which of them he was reassuring, Stefen or Ian, but the words washed over him and holding the man’s gaze he gently pushed Ian away, watching as the boy gently drifted into the monks waiting arms.
When Tony woke the following morning it was in a heap of furniture bits and to Pepper’s insistent knocking at the bedroom door. She’d been aghast at the state of his room and did not look at all appeased by his assurances that the desk would be better than new when he was done with it.
Emotional blackmail. And a weak attempt at that. Sam was usually in better form. But maybe he’d thought too soon because a moment later Sam was making him feel about two inches tall with an innocent expression on his face.
“Yes.” Stefen answered, mask sliding back into place as he straightened his back. “I’ll deal with the children this morning Tony. I want you to go to bed, and I don’t want to see you until it’s time to pick up Péter. Julia?”
“Leave it? You’re telling me someone ratted on us and you’re sticking up for a fucking spy!” Bucky hollered and Steve opened his mouth with the full intent to retort, but he halted when he felt Tony’s hand on his arm and let the monk push him aside, dumbfounded as he stepped toward where Bucky stood with a low growl.
Dvořák eye’d Rogers but the man acted as if they were finished talking. No information on how long he’d be gone or what he planned to do about their orders from Oster, just a grunt and back to work as usual.
“Stark! Do you want to tell me why I just had to prevent Brother Tiberius from bringing the police to my doorstep in the middle of the night?!” the man in the black robes barked. The path wasn’t well lit but Péter could see that his skin was black. It wasn’t that, but rather the raised scars around one glinting nearly opaque eyeball, that had Péter gaping unattractively at the man.
“Clinton is resourceful and far more practiced at this sort of thing than you Tony. The boy has led a harder life than you know.” Farkas insisted quietly, and Tony heard what he didn’t outright say. Clint was a child of the street who had learned to fight in order to survive. Not a pampered idealist playing at heroism like Tony.
Stefen had finally managed to have that talk with Bucky and to collect the final names for their list. List in hand they’d met that morning in the small flat above Mittlestaedt Press, where Franz Mittlestaedt had lived and worked for the past twenty years.
Though Tony had a mind that others would classify as brilliant, he could not for all the world make sense of it. How could it be that the world would collectively decide they wanted nothing to do with ‘the Jewish problem’, content to turn a blind eye to the plight of their fellow man? It was a bitter pill to swallow daily, the knowledge of abandonment, but the premonition of how they would all plead ignorance of what they had left in the wake of their indifference... that was an agony.
“Thievery and the intermingling of blood that should never have been mixed,” Vonkov continued as if Tony hadn’t even spoken. “The unfortunate truth that history proves is that we’ve weakened the blood. Allowed our culture and our accomplishments, as well as our lands, to be stolen out from under us by inferior people groups.”
The apartment itself was small, containing just a single bedroom, a living room mostly void of furnishings besides what couldn’t be carried out the front door, a kitchen and a toiletry. It was going to be cramped for fifteen people, but they would make do.
Meanwhile he had no idea where the Captain was. No way of knowing if he was on the ground in Czechoslovakia or if the plans for assignation were even now moving forward. Every cell in Tony’s body urged him to do something to protect him, but Tony didn’t know enough to do what was necessary to protect Stefen (or himself and the children for that matter) and that he could no longer abide.
Mon ami. My friend in French (the French they’d been learning only hours ago). Artur, headless of his inability to swim had gone striding into the water, continuing to call out in French. He’d nearly gotten up to his waist by the time that Tony caught up with him, the mud and grime of the silty lake bed sucking at his shoes and billowing upward to cloud the water.
“Ah, I see. He’s not still mad about that comment my father made is he?” Harry asked, like he knew the answer already but wanted Péter to know how ludicrous he thought it was. Péter gritted his teeth and Harry smirked, reaching in his pocket for a lighter and a beaten packet of smokes. “Your father is a stubborn man, Péter.”
Austria's Lake district is comprised of over 70 lakes and numerous cities and towns that border them including the city of Salzbug. In other words it's GORGEOUS and it should be a life goal to visit there. It's also where we've placed the Rogers family home.
"Oh no. I can't! Frau Willamina asked me to -" she immediately stuttered in protest, but Tony cut her off because he knew it was just excuses.  Hortense wanted to dance with him, she Just wasn’t confident. She wasn’t fair and slender like Julia and the other maids. It was clear for all to see that Hortense thought herself a regular wallflower, but it was nonsense. Tony couldn't be the only man there who'd noticed that she was rather pretty with pink in her cheeks. And besides, slender was all well and good but Tony appreciated a woman who was plump in all the best places. Even if her hair was mousey instead of golden and her eyes were not blue.
"We can talk about it all, soon as we're safe and settled." Steve confirmed, looking around from one somber face to the next. "Do you have any more questions?"
It had never made any sense to Steve why a woman like Susann would saddle herself with a man even less romantic than him, but love was funny like that he guessed.
Maybe the doctor was wrong about how bad it was too. Maybe all her father needed now that she’d stopped giving him the tonic was rest.
It took over three weeks for Jann to answer the summons. Long enough for Bucky to search every crack and cranny of the village and determine that Steve was
“A what?” but before Tony could explain what a sloth was, Stefen had moved behind Ian and gently scooped him up from under the arms. The boy stiffened unsure of what was happening and Tony watched nervously, unsure either.
“Sorry for the mess,” Obi apologized. “I haven’t been in town long enough to dust the old place off. Come in, come in.”
“I think James lost his temper again, and that they should have sent him to cool down instead of leaving you to deal with his bad mood. It’s hardly fair to you.”
Stefen closed his eyes as if pained, and Tony knew he was cursing inside. Perhaps he was imagining all the lives those ships, armored and armed with Tony’s technology would take. Tony had imagined it often enough.
“Besides, Pete.” Péter frowned at the pet name, but Tony breezed on anyway. “Do you really want to join them so badly? I can think of plenty of reasons not to: those ridiculous haircuts for one. And all those rigid rules. You’d think you’d have had enough of it by now. It isn’t as if you don’t have a commanding officer at home.”
“Three hundred and twenty two,” he offered confidently enough after a moment of deliberation but his face fell into a deep frown as Tony shook his head, tsking at him.
“Damn. We thought you were the captain.” He said, stepping closer and into the light spilling in from the window.
“What do you mean? What is it you think they would do?” he asked and Stefen sighed, the fire of fight that had been in his eyes-only moments before leaking away, replaced by what Tony could only call bleak exhaustion.
The announcement was followed by an uproar from the men, but all Steve would remember was the numbness he felt.
"He didn't have to go.” Steve said suddenly, and Tony jumped, startled. “With me, to join the army. Bucky's right, he could have stayed with the caravan."
Steve had faith in the strength of his connections and the goodwill of MI9 or else he wouldn’t have taken the risk, but everything else was up to fate. Would it be a year before he saw his children again? Two? Three? He could as easily die in battle as not. He and Tony both.
Now he sounded like her father she thought, her delight fading. He wasn’t jealous like a beau would be, because to him she was still a child.
When Steve had repeated the story he and Virginia had come up with, about the children being ill and needing to be taught at home, Schmidt had clucked his tongue in a show of sympathy.
It wasn’t just the Klein’s after all. The radio said that all the Jewish immigrants, young and old, had been taken from their homes for deportation. It didn’t matter how long they’d been in Austria or Germany, or what previous documents they’d obtained to legalize their stay. All those on the list were rounded up and told they had to go. No time to pack. No time to say goodbyes.
General Phillips had retired here to the small understated lodge he’d inherited from his brother who had passed in a mining accident many years ago.
Pulling himself together Steve looked up at the woman, but the greeting died on his lips. There was no food and water in her hands today and no shovel. Instead, her face was white, lips closed tightly as she surveyed him with the gravest expression that he’d ever seen her wear.
It didn't take a genius to see how two boys largely left to their own devices in this big cold world had forged such a strong bond. They'd been forged together,
survive.” Tony replied with a sharp grin. “And though we may be on opposite ends of the goal, I will see that you survive. It is the curse of my love, Captain.” Stefen glared at him and Tony stared back, all smiles.
Stefen held still for his touch, staring down intently at Tony with eyes so dark a blue in the dim light they could rival a night sky. Tony licked his lip, chasing the taste of Stefen that still lingered there and took a deep shaking breath as the need deep within his gut intensified. It was the need to taste, to take Stefen in his mouth and render him undone. As undone as Tony felt inside himself.
The tour had taken the Rogers family from the city of Munich, to the smaller town of Ulm and up on into Stuttgart. From Stuttgart to Frankfurt, then over to Hanover, up to Berlin and then down to Leipzig and finally to the city of Nuremberg.
“I was not being theatric!” James immediately insisted in indignant outrage, voice climbing toward shrill. Here they went again. When Cameron made a hasty retreat, Tony stared longingly after him, wishing he had the same option.
“Not anyone.. important” Yet. Steve had no doubt the minute they caught wind of Steve's intentions it would quickly be the last thing he did. “Most likely a puppet for Schmidt, hoping to catch me trying to hand it off.”
We’ll need to get them dried before we can harvest them. Péter fetch me the baking stone, would you?
“It’s from Jan,” Bucky announced tearing up the letter as he spoke. Steve watched him, heart fluttering anxiously in his chest. “She’s here, in Vienna.”
Damn, damn, triple damn, but Tony was right. Steve knew it. It didn’t make it any easier to accept. He couldn’t leave Tony here. Not after nearly losing him. He couldn’t.
“He didn’t trust Obie.” The conclusion when it came to him, seemed shamefully obvious. Knowing it now threw everything else he’d thought he’d known in shadow.
“He’s not well Natacha. He sees things that aren’t there and he doesn’t sleep! He- Ah!” Natacha dug her nails into his arm so tight he hissed in pain. She relented when he aborted talking to glare at her.
"If you were a decent man Tony, you'd make good on all that flirting you do and take the poor girl on a proper date." She said as she grabbed two bowels off the table, preparing to take them into the dining room.
“Yes.” Tony rolled his eyes. “Your father is certainly a wealthy man and would make a worthy investor in our scientific endeavors, but the first lesson you’ll need to learn on investors is that rich men do not like to part with their money unless there’s something in it for them.”
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin. He stifled a curse as the jerking of his hands jammed the needle, effectively ruining the seam he’d been working on.
Actually, Tony wasn’t sure at all that he would call the unholy shrieking that met him as he approached the boys room anything so sweet to the ear as liberty, but he’d still made his point. He’d take ill behavior from the children any day before he settled for dutiful obedience born of fear and neglect. Though if James Rogers didn’t find a better way to express himself besides playing the part of berserk banshee Tony couldn’t promise Stefen would still have seven children when he came home.
Ian noticed he’d drawn in the margins with pictures of birds and other animals. Artur was getting quite good at his little drawings.
Pressure was building behind Steve’s eyes. He rubbed at his face without thinking and winced at the sharp pain. He rubbed his fingers together, grimacing distastefully at the thick concealer that had come away on his hand.
Bucky took the opportunity to slip in through the side door, confident that if anyone was watching the grounds outside, their eyes would be drawn however momentarily to the chaos with the girl and the goats.
“What makes you think we won’t go get him?” Natacha was challenging him, and Péter could see Daniel tense like he was ready to run, but Cameron just shrugged.
"God knows, we wouldn't want anyone to think this was a house harboring rebellion." Tony stared poignantly at him, completely unflinching.
“Have you no heart Brother?” Thor demanded in a thunderous voice, gesturing violently with one hand toward the window. “You read the very words I did, yet you would have us stand by while they take what does not belong to them and go back on their word? We should mobilize our army. They will think twice before they think to come against the house of Odinburg!”
“He’ll do it.” Bucky assured Coulson with confidence. This time the special agent was the one to raise his brows in question, his gaze passing between the captain and Bucky speculatively.
Janneke laughed and Stark - still helping the girls with the impromptu choreography (that seemed in Bucky’s eye to be a series of shuffling steps, waving motions and switching positions) rolled his eyes at him.
Frau Hogan kept all of the house supplies in the little cupboard over the sink. The dusty little brown bottle was in the back row, behind the extra torches and bandages. She'd have to wait until cook and the rest of the staff had gone home for the night and everyone was in bed, but nobody would notice it was gone. A little bit in his coffee every morning ought to have him puking by noon. At least she hoped so.
He should probably try and eat something himself before he went to fetch Charlotte, who was returning from Vienna on the morning train, but he didn’t have the stomach for it that morning. He’d been forced to go without enough times to know his body’s limits. Tony on the other hand was revealing a worrisome propensity to forget his bodily needs entirely in favor of his work in the workshop.
“I think I’ll wash.” He mumbled, beating a hasty retreat. He could feel cold eyes glaring into his back with every step and fearfully he wondered if Bakhuizen had seen them. No, he assured himself as he shut the door of the bedroom with a decisive click. They’d not done more than share looks and they’d separated before Bakhuizen had entered the room. Something else must be bothering him. It didn’t make him feel much better because Tony couldn’t shake the odd feeling that it had to be something to do with him.
Warnings: violence against the elderly is in this chapter as well as some pretty heavy antisemitic language.
“Perhaps not.” She allowed, “And yet, here we all are, dancing under the stars and the Austrian flag, all because one man demanded it. I admire both the boldness and the man, but you can agree can’t you, that we women must play a far cleverer game?” Charlotte asked, and Tony tensed.
“You missed the early part Tony, but the Führer has agreed he will claim no more territory in Europe.”
Charlotte reached inside her clutch and pulled out a small envelope with delicate spidery writing on the front.  Her mouth quirked upward in a little smile as she tucked it in his lap.
The aging monk looked away, and Tony expected him to sigh and turn the conversation away as he had every other time in the past. He did sigh, but Tony blinked in surprise as Bruce looked up again and pinned Tony with a serious, steady stare.
It was just patch work. One moment he would be listening and the next moment they had somehow jumped to a different topic all together and he would be left floundering.
“Considering that Norway has refused to support either side and both are preparing fleets to defend it, I’d call it more of an attack in the name of. Wouldn’t you?” Tony scoffed, and Stefen,
There was a loud crash above and the distinctive tinkling of shattered glass and Tony smiled viciously at the butler, replying smoothly in a studious fashion.
But a sudden hush followed by an outbreak of murmuring in the room drew his eyes up once more, anxious to find the source of the fuss. With relief he noted that it was the arrival of the incomparable Janneke Van Dyne that had caused the stir and not something more sinister. Tony had only met the lauded singer on one occasion, and a very strange occasion it had been, and this time it was easy to see why people hailed her as one of the great beauties of the world.
Ian watched the mail boy peddle away from the house. The wind picked up, tossing his hair and ruffling the delivery boy’s satchel. He shivered despite the warmth of the day and glanced back toward Artur who had paused, still holding one of their makeshift barometers, watching the boy on the bicycle along with him and James. They were far enough out in the yard that the delivery boy’s retreating back didn’t disappear until he rounded the corner a few moments later.
“It can be awful hard to apologize sometimes. I’m sure James just felt embarrassed, or that we might not forgive him.” Péter explained softly. He gave Tony a poignant look. Something not quite amusement but far from the despair he was growing familiar with bubbled up in Tony’s chest.
Steve was concerned that by the time he made it out of the parliament building shortly after two in the afternoon, that he had missed Tony’s arrival with the children.
“When the boy returned home with the snake and told his mother what he had done she was not angry, she was proud that he was not cruel like those other children and brave enough to stand up to them. They put the snake in a jar and fed it whatever they ate, though they had little to spare and the snake grew and grew until it out grew its jar. So they put it in a barrel but soon it outgrew even that. So they let it roam the house but soon it outgrew even
“It’s only a few days Tony.  Have you been to Berlin? Don’t you want to see what the city has to offer?” Stefen cajoled, his tone filled with something much softer than Tony had heard before. Lazy and thick like the slide of honey on buttered toast. “I’ll take you wherever you like. You’ll have access to anything you want. I'll make sure of it.”
"Damn the staff, Bucky!"Steve snapped, already weary of the long argument ahead of him and in no mood for it.  "Say they're orphans. Say they're your long lost bastards! Say whatever you like, just do it without running your damn mouth!"
As for the poor brothers who now find themselves at the mercy of “God’s chosen leader”, I can only pray that the god you have devoted so much of your life shows them the mercy you seek, and that the cardinal is able to bargain for their release. There is little mercy to spare these days.
He cut off the line of thought – control, he needed to get control of himself – and managed a smile for her. She only shuffled closer in response to his question, resting her rear upon the wide arm of the chair until she could settle against him, shoulder to shoulder. He wrapped an arm around her and squeezed, catching a whiff of the setting lotion she used for her pleats, and breathed in the underlining scent that had been hers since she’d been a baby laid in his arms, fresh and pink.
They stared at one another helplessly, and the pressure to laugh just kept building up in Steve’s chest. He might have, if he hadn’t just reached the end of his strength. If he hadn’t failed his family over the mere threat of being touched. The pressure ballooning in his chest burst forth as it had to, but instead of laughter it came out as a broken sob.
Ian didn't blame him for being aggravated. James wasn't stupid and neither of them liked it when he acted like he couldn't understand things.
Tony guided them to the bed with backwards steps and Stefen followed. They shed clothing quickly and wordlessly, sharing rushed breaths between their lips like secrets, hands grasping desperately at the other as the room spun around them. The need for quiet was an insistent murmur at the back of his mind; but it kept slipping away at the heat of every touch. When Stefen touched him, his head filled with the pleasure of it till he could think of nothing else.
Tony and the children stared at her. James hesitated and for the first time Tony could remember he shared a worried glance with Ian.
"What is the meaning of this?" Their Banner Leader, Herr Lehmann, barked as the other boys jumped out of his way, hurrying to stand at attention. The only ones who didn't move were Péter, whose head was pounding too hard for him to contemplate breathing let alone standing and Bobby, who stood at attention next to him but seemed loath to leave his place in-between Péter and Johann.
Bucky cleared the block his throat, which had suddenly gone tight. What was he doing? It was Christmas. Laura was dead and she’d never been family. Not the way he needed or wanted. What was left of his family was
But was it worth it? Hadn’t Stefen made that choice already? Hadn’t they all watched him tear the Nazi flag in two and leave the pieces to fall where they may?
“And I see you have! I heard Péter’s HJ troop is coming?” Tony snapped, already knowing the answer, but if Charlotte was intimidated by his rising temper she didn’t show it.
"Damn Stevie, can't be gone for five minutes without you finding trouble," he grunted out as Harold shifted Steve's weight until Bucky was holding up the bulk of his larger frame. Apparently, Julia had gone to the garden to tell him of Bucky's return, and she'd become alarmed when he didn't seem able to understand what she was saying. His strange behavior had frightened her but it was when he nearly passed out from dizziness right there in the snow that she'd run to get help.
“Our trail will lead you back to the road. I’ve got a mule and a cart we can take down, find where your Pa has you set up.” Dagmar grunted. It fell quiet, but for the sounds of Karlina bustling in the kitchen and the crackle of the fire in the stove.
There had been no lessons for his siblings that morning. They’d all come back to the sitting room after lunch to continue listening to the news broadcast while they waited for father to come back. All except for the baroness who had insisted she must check on her home in Vienna and had set out with Herr Hogan not long after Frau Hogan had broken the news to her.
His lungs juddered like a rusted pipe on an old car but he dragged air in slowly and pushed it out, following the gentle rhythm of the soft voice in his ear. Deeper now. Too deep to be Ma, too mature to be Bucky. Not an uncle he recognized.
“Péter are you listening?” Péter jerked as the voice of his schoolmate called to him, and he turned to find Edward (everybody calls me Ned) Leeds giving him a very impatient look.
The letter was burning a hole in his pocket. The sooner he could pass it off to Bucky the better. He meant to hide it in one of the boxed gifts he was to bring with him to Vienna. He’d phoned the hotel Bucky was staying at that morning from outside a shop to set up the rendezvous. Even over the phone Bucky had sensed something was wrong but he had agreed to meet as soon as possible. It was a relief all things considered.
Artur eyed him cautiously and Steve ruffled his hair, unnerved by his sons stare and the surge of emotions he felt, and stood.
At the end of the evening Thor gave them all a warm goodbye but abandoned protocol altogether to hug Maria and call her ‘skatten min’.
It shouldn’t be such a big deal. He’d practically been weaned on secrets, lies and omissions after all. That was just how people worked, he knew that. But Tony was tired. Tired and lonely, and just once he wanted for someone to prove differently.
As Austria hurtles towards war the Rogers family faces new challenges. While the children struggle to navigate public life Steve and Tony navigate their deepening relationship. Can Tony really trust that his new family won't betray him and can Steve keep his activities a secret and keep General Schmidt from destroying his family at the same time?
“Tony.” Stefen pressed, tightening his grip. Not enough to hurt but enough to impress upon him his seriousness and Tony frowned down at his hand.
She slammed into him with the side of her hip, catching him by surprise. She grabbed at the gun as he stumbled, grunting as he found his balance and began to wrestle her for it. Steve had just reached them when she kicked the man violently in the shins and wrenched the gun away from his hands. There was a loud bang as the gun went off and Steve hit the ground hard, covering his head and rolling away from the shots with a terrified shout. He was still hearing gunshots in his ears, the repeated crack crack crack of bursting shells, so it was too long before he realized that it was only his mind and that he wasn’t being shot at. He lifted his head, shaking, risking a glance above him where the man and Magda faced off, their chests heaving.
“But what about Vati?” He heard the girl whisper before she was gentled by the housekeeper. A pretty little girl for all that her features weren’t German. She looked a bit like an explosives specialist he used to know. Dark hair and olive skin, small and delicate. Perhaps she was French too?
After supper was had and in those few hours of leisure before bed Natacha quietly made her way to her father's study. She knocked on the door and when he invited her in she slipped inside, shutting the door quietly behind her.
It was a moment more before Steve’s sluggish brain could put together that he had somehow slid to the floor and slumped against the wall of the truck. He was no longer latched to the bar he realized though his wrists were still manacled together.
They’d be safest in Vienna until either the sickness had passed, or their father had. Whichever came first. Numbly Charlotte picked up the receiver and placed it to her ear, waiting for the line to correct to the operator.
Breathe. He reminded himself. Breath in, breath out. He was at the Grand Hotel Vienna, sitting in his children’s bedroom. It was half past eleven.
His gaze shifted slowly from the captain, to Tony and then back again and Tony began to realize just how big a mistake he’d made, thinking this man was harmless.
“Thinking about war and death chills a body, that’s all.” Tony explained. Stefen turned his head back and looked out over the harbor, contemplating something deeply.  Tony sighed. “I wish tomorrow we’d wake and it would be over.”
He was aware on some level that words were coming out of his mouth, but it could have been a string of lurid curses, or a deluge of holy prayers for all that he paid them any real attention. And then Stefen’s tongue was moving again, his cheeks hallowing as he sucked and – Oh fuck,
Steve could not think of a suitable reply. Charlotte could be a very persuasive woman but he doubted even she could bully Schmidt into granting him leave after how sore he’d been over the Abwehr snatching him away for private use just before he was to begin his tour. He reached one handed and patted her hand, because it seemed like something a husband should do when his wife tried to support him.
There were so many ways it could have gone wrong. So many ways they could have died. They’d been lucky that Stefen had found them alive. Or at all.
“He looks just like our Selig did at that age. Have you ever seen a Jew with eyes that blue?” Karlina mused. “You’re being ridiculous.”
She knew what she was doing. His little girl had shot a man in the square and that was all she said. She knew what she was doing.
It was one of the few organizations the Nazi’s had not yet banned, in an attempt to maintain the appearance of tolerance with the church. Many of these women had formally been members of the Fatherland Front before the Nazi party had taken control and even though Steve firmly disagreed with many of their views, it was a moot point now with the Reich in control. Old wounds weren’t worth denying Natacha a chance to bond with Charlotte. Things headed the way they were, that was more important now than ever.
Steve skidded to a halt as she tried to reason with Franz again. His legs shook from all the activity, but he ignored the fatigue, casting his eyes down on the floorboards and searching the darkness. The shotgun, where had Magda tossed it?
“And your mother gave them to you.” Tony guessed with great sadness the pieces slowly coming together with a kind of horror. Though these were not his beliefs he couldn’t make light of what Stefen was telling him, of what it must feel like for him to know what had been sacrificed for him. Stefen nodded slowly and blinked back the threat of tears Tony saw gathering in his eyes.
Tony had the sudden urge to grab the thing and throw it into the fire. He didn’t want that thing here. That evil thing, that dangerous thing, it never should have been brought here. God did Coulson have any idea what kind of danger he’d brought into the house. To the children!
“Of course, Captain. Godspeed.” The sober way in which Mary Tuck wished them farewell took Tony off-guard. Stefen obviously knew her well, and Pip too (whatever kind of name that was) and whoever this Friedrich was. They hadn’t gone into the shop on just a whim, he realized. Stefen had gone there with a purpose.
was also in the way that the people worked around the discriminating Racial Laws to ensure that their Jewish neighbors could continue to earn money to feed their families.
“Does this mean there’s not going to be a war?” Natacha asked from where she knelt on the floor close to the screen, unable to hide the hint of desperate eagerness in her tone as her eyes searched out his in the crowded room. “Now that they’ve given us the land and the Führer’s got what he wants. It means it’s over now, doesn’t it?!”
"Yes, we are!"  Steve roared and Tony sucked in a harsh breath as if Steve had struck him and sat down heavily on the piano bench.
Péter had wanted to ask if Hammer thought he should line the road with brick or if he should just lay his body down in the dirt to save the cost of materials, but he wasn't stupid.
“I almost killed him once, did you forget?” She said with a scowl. “I appreciate what you’re trying to do, Tony, but the truth is I’m not like you. I’m not a good person.”
Sure, the name of Stark had clout and Stevie was impressed by that, but Antony Stark wasn’t Hughard. Who the fuck was Antony Stark anyway? They had no idea who the man really was or where his loyalties lay.
"Well,” Tony hummed thoughtfully, eyes fluttering open. It took everything Steve had not to kiss him again.
“Perhaps it’s for the best then Herr Stark. We spoke to the administration at the university.” The admiral stated simply. “The Headmaster did remember you as a bright pupil, but he expressed some concern over your reliability.”
The Polish government is holding the refugees in internment, leaving thousands of deportees stranded in a single town without food, shelter, or access to medical care. They are unable to support them and demand Germany either allow them to return to their homes or provide aide for their welfare while they attempt to resolve the situation.
Selfishly, he hoped that Virginia’s dual citizenship might offer her some protection along with the children. They wouldn’t clear the mother and not her children. He hoped. But there would be no helping German-born Harold. That was his fault. It had been Tony’s plan to involve them. If not for him -
With that Nik turned and strode back down the path, towards the old church building, only pausing briefly to look over his shoulder and call out, “if you ever find yourself in England, I’ve heard Westminster Abbey is really something to see.”
Tony let the bundle in his arms fall, allowing his weight to sink down on the bed once more as he took Stefen’s face between his hands and rested their brows together.
it?! Intestinal cramps, labored respiration, chest pain, cough, shakes – Tony’s head filled with a sudden vision, a memory from long ago.
As he turned to close the door behind himself he caught one last sight of Bucky sitting on the edge of the bed, speaking low, one hand clenched in Stefen’s shirt, his fingers white as he held on for dear life.
Steve kept quiet. The anger was practically rolling off of Tony’s skin. He was spoiling for a fight, but Steve wasn’t keen on giving it to him. He wouldn’t be tricked into giving Tony information that would only endanger him.
We're baaaack. Yes here after months (so sorry) with another installment of this saga for your reading pleasure. We want to apologize again for the wait. FIOT and I are both working on exciting creative projects and then FIOT had a medical emergency and you know how these things go. But it is finally done and hopefully well worth the wait.
Deiter looked away from the uncomfortable sight, heading toward the counter with a mind to order a coffee for himself while he kept a close eye on the table where Baroness Schrader sat with the children. There was a severe looking woman with full cheeks and a red nose sitting at the small bar and a gentleman in a cap reading a paper and smoking. Deiter nodded to them both, but both seemed wary of him and angled their bodies away. He did not take personal offense, though it did irritate. Being police in these times often meant being met with fear and mistrust from the very people he'd sworn to protect.
“What is the meaning of this?!” A sharp voice demanded, interfering before Tony could decide he was okay with kicking the man while he was down. Lt. Steven’s stood in the doorway of the dining room, looking cautiously at Tony who stood over the writhing butler with blood leaking from between his hands.
Steve nearly missed the whispered words. He blinked out of his desperate thoughts to find Tony looking up at him, brown eyes wide and jaw set. Steve’s throat was tight with emotion, but the struggle for breath eased the longer he stared back at Tony. It seemed simple suddenly. Tony had said he could give no reason why Steve shouldn’t throw him out, but he had. He'd given every reason. After everything he'd done for Steve and the children, all the secrets he’d kept for them, Tony was a part of them.
