http://www.crispnation.com/the-crisp-list.html
Mycroft nodded.  “I can’t take him away from his work.  It would look suspicious at this point in time.  And later, it will not be possible.”
Mother had a strong nose.  One of Mother’s old military friends had visited, and had joked with her about James avoiding that eagle like beak.  Mother had smiled, but it was not her amused smile.  James’ nose was straight, and like a triangle in the middle of his face.  It didn’t have a curve, or a bump that Father said was from having a broken nose.  Father had been drinking when he said that, and so James had not asked Mother about it.
“Of course Dad will help,” Sherlock reassured his...no, their son.  “We’ll all help, won’t we, John?”
“I can see you as a knight, Siger, in plate mail, commanding the walls during the siege!” John gave the almost seven year old a hug.
“Music,” Siger told him.  He was happy to see that his answer had pleased both Daddy and
Still, she thought as she stretched carefully away from the frying pan, the bed was firm enough that she wasn’t aching.  That was always a plus.  She’d been meaning to buy a new mattress, and she supposed that now was certainly the time for it.  The insurance money for the water damage should cover the cost, after all.  Perhaps someone owed Sherlock a favor, and she could get a nice one cheaply.
“This is nothing.  I arrived in a blizzard,” the driver said.  And proceeded to tell John the tale of an apocalyptic snowstorm, the Royal Mounted Police on snowmobiles, and a can of maple syrup.
“Our gifts to Siger, Miranda and Rosalind will be Christmas outfits,” Mycroft had more patience with repetition than his socially awkward baby brother.
Père looked annoyed, but he was holding both Miri and Ross now, while Bert brought up the pram.  “Right,” Daddy said moving forward, “Are you finished, Siger?” Daddy sounded annoyed.  Siger weighed whether or not he wanted to let Daddy get angry and shout.
My personal favorite chapter is "Mr. Edwards Meets Santa Claus".
Two last purchases.  Mycroft contented himself with a sage green woolen coat for over the dress.  And, just because he could indulge her, Miranda left the shop wearing a brightly obnoxious “Hello Kitty” bow in her blonde hair.  Pop culture indeed.
That sounded good on the face of it.  Siger thought about it a moment, then nodded his head.
“You missed all of the excitement,” called John.  Mrs. Hudson stirred, and made the effort to sit up slowly.
Off duty now, he’d noticed Sherlock’s immersion into his Mind Palace, and was hanging out until John arrived upstairs to take over the twins.
Avon does not make them any more, which is sad.
John sighed.  “We should start reading the first book to Siger in the evenings.  Or to each other.  While the girls are playing on the floor.  The wands signify traits of the wizard.  Like blackthorn for a warrior, or cherrywood for self-control.”
Siger dropped his mouth open, but nothing came out. This in itself was extraordinary.  So Miri patted his hand, “We will make our own rainbows, Siger.”
Snug in flannel nightwear, tucked into narrow beds that had taken the place of Miranda’s and Rosalind’s cribs, the toddlers soon fell asleep.    Siger sat on his Daddy’s lap in the rocking chair, bare feet ruched up on John’s blue denim clad knees.
“I’ll take care it doesn’t spoil, Dr. Watson,” answered Mycroft’s driver.
Caught unaware, Sherlock’s snicker was forcibly changed to a cough.  It fooled no one, as Siger’s admonitory “Père, I am serious!” revealed.
pretended to be in his Mind Palace so that he did not have to answer Siger.  “That is bad,
Siger snorted, and the old farmer smiled to have gotten the reaction.  “Do any of them work at a restaurant?  Indian? Or Thai?”
And then...
had said so.
“Mr. Holmes,” Dimmock was standing in the doorway, “I’ll need a key to lock up.”
“I did my best,” Sherlock said loftily.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hmm,” the tall man, his hair a mass of dark curls, responds.
“Alright, Siger,” Sherlock Holmes told his son as he examined the file from last year at this time, “We must prepare for Christmas.  And the first thing we do is to put up the fairy lights for Grammy Hudson.”
Meanwhile, Ross blew a raspberry and threw the rubber bee down the hallway for Siger to fetch.
John Watson was thankful for bloody Mycroft Holmes.  He had to be thankful for something.  It was difficult, taped up and locked in a boot.  Again.  And the giant bastard had broken John’s new mobile, he was sure of it.  But John had distracted him with a kick to the knee, in order to reach the tracker Mycroft had given them.  John kept it by the door, out of sight on top of the trolley.  It looked like an odd bit of metal, so no one else ever picked it up.  The nurses thought it was his lucky piece.  Possibly something from his time in Afghanistan.  He had it, activated and tucked into his shoe.  So that was good.  No bones broken, something else to be thankful for.  Head was ringing, though.
When Siger woke up it was twilight.  He could hear people in the kitchen, and so climbed down from the couch to pad over and peek in through the doorway.  Daddy was trying to feed both Miri and Ross at the same time.  Ross was in a spitty mood, and had green babyfood covering her face, the tray, her hair, and parts of Miri and Daddy.
And while they all walked together, Sherlock recited the poem for his family.
Joy nodded in agreement.  “I will ask Daddy later,” she said as she printed out ‘bell end’ carefully.
“Precisely!  Which is why Daddy gets the ladder out and puts the lights up!” Sherlock said in that especially joyful voice that he used when blackmailing his partner into doing something for the children that he knew John could not possibly refuse.
“Yes.  yes, we will.  We have time.”  John gave him another hug, and received a kiss in return before his son climbed down from the rocker and attempted to pull his bedcovers down while still underneath his father.
His mobile alerted him to a returning text. “You speak as though the milk would be a more important hostage. I assure you that it is not. SH”
told him.  It was standard procedure that either Sherlock or John checked the mail first to ensure that no one sent anthrax or other disease impregnated envelopes.  To be fair, it had only happened once (if you didn’t count Moriarty’s botulinumed gift of Carl Powers’ shoes), but that was enough for Siger’s Daddy to insist on a better level of protection.
John looked at the smiling faces and took a deep breath.  He hoped his spouse was not getting into trouble without him. Cheerfully, he told the children,  “Eat up everyone.  We have to go shopping for essentials after lunch.”
“Happy Christmas, John.”  Sherlock leaned his head forward to rest his forehead against the broad forehead of his doctor.
Siger and Rosalind and Miranda had a bookshelf in their tiny upstairs nursery.  For some reason they were almost all hard covers, some of them in gorgeous bindings. The books were lined up, spines facing out, and were shelved in the order in which they had been read.   Which meant that whatever
(See the end of the chapter for
“You want tea? What a surprise.  Isn’t that a surprise, Ross?” John laid the picture book on the coffee table before hoisting his daughter onto her own feet.  “I’m thinking you’d like some breakfast too, wouldn’t you, love?  Hot chocolate?”
Then Sherlock Holmes was looking down at the bright red curls of his offspring, who was building a rainbow coloured structure with MagnaTiles.
came home from what Daddy called, “A Night Out”, and
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why ever not?  John, they won’t recognize you.  You’ll be dressed and acting as a man when you go back.  They see hundreds of people in the course of their work week.  One woman of an evening is not going to stick in their minds.  It’s why I had you pay cash instead of using a card!” Sherlock told him triumphantly.
John, stretched out across the bottom bunk at the feet of Miri and Ross, fought sleep.  They were safe.  They were together.  The soft sound of Siger’s even breathing from above them told him his boy was nearly asleep.  Miri and Ross did not make it even to the end of the first sentence, and Siger followed soon after.
And surprisingly enough, they were exactly where Siger had put them the night before.  Siger showed the shoes to his sisters once he discovered them.  “Tada!” he said.
Siger continued, “It was for a case.  But Daddy said they would not tell me about it until I am older.  It is not on the Appropriate Scale for my age.”
John stared.  “I don’t use formulas, Sherlock.  I used practice to learn the skill, and I just shoot.”
grudgingly said that their Daddy had passed the test.  No time to work on John’s voice, he woudl just have to speak at a slightly higher pitch, and more softly.
Siger focused on climbing down, trying not to think about Lambkin or the bees, or any of his other stuffed friends still on his bed, or his real violin on the dresser.  He found himself sniffing, tears leaking out in spite of his best intentions.  Perhaps if he’d dropped them out of the window?  He couldn’t do that with his violin.  No, he was saving Will.  Will and Miri and Ross were more important that even his violin.
“No, Daddy, “Siger told him, “They are very brave.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The two story entryway echoed with his footsteps, and the tiny sounds of the concierge behind the wooden desk. No speech. They were waiting for him, and a servitor lead him up the polished marble stairs to the rooms Mycroft Holmes most often used for business meetings outside of his office.
“No.  Most times he’s shouted the house down.  He does that when company comes to call.  But this time, and when they did the dying, he was quiet,,” Mr. Gurdy told them.
That night, after bath, after kissing
After supper and bathing, Siger and Miri were put to bed, but
Bert Tran enjoyed visiting the Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park.  He had taken dates here, and of course he’d come here many times each season with Siger, Miri, and Ross.   The last time had ended hysterically, and Bert had photographic evidence.  When Sherlock and John went anywhere with them, it was always more interesting.  For one thing, Bert was able to look around more instead of continually watching the children.  For another, things seemed to happen around Sherlock Holmes.  Today Bert was pushing the double pram, which was empty now but for the nappy bag and a variety of lap rugs and toys.  Siger had helped push for a while, but had run on ahead to explore.  Not too far, of course.  Even so, Bert kept a good eye on the boy.  Not very busy today.  Less of a crowd made it easier to follow Siger’s bright red hair.
Inside the church there had been an evergreen wreath, and candles.  The candles were a lovely blue.  But Daddy hadn’t liked those.  “Blue for hope” he said, “instead of purple for the coming King.”
“Music!”  Siger was thrilled.
about your morning while I get the tea on?”
“Siger says, ‘hello’, and ‘ Please let Alice Brown know that we will fix the office for her.’
“Hallo, Unka Greg!” Siger chirped, and held up the plushie football.
“Sherlock refused to be seen with me in it.  He insisted I use Mrs. Hudson’s back door to exit the building.  And that with my parka over it.  And walk at least a block before trying for a taxi.  He gave me money for the cab too, so that I wouldn’t be seen with it while taking the tube.”
They walked past the stroller, where Miri was still talking to the sheep.  Siger noticed that the sheep were not paying good attention.
Leaving his Mind Palace, the man stretched, rose from where he’d perched on Siger’s twin bed, and removed the hatch to the crawl space.  He’d pull the boxes of extra books from the attic, and bring them down for John to take advantage of in his search for material.
It's Saint Nicholas Day!  Hooray!
They were all seated against the wall, legs across Siger’s big boy bed.  Daddy was holding Ross and Miri, who were watching
Siger thought he would try to get the donkey from Miri, who was generally more liberal with toys, only to find that she had disappeared.  Crawling around the corner of the couch he could see her lying on her tummy in the hall.  She still had the donkey held tightly in her right hand.  He watched as she scrunched her knees up to her belly, and then, like an inchworm, slithered her front out.  It was not so much a crawl as well, a two part relocation of various bits of her body at a time.  Siger, who was an observing boy, watched her make her way slowly in this fashion until she was bumping into Daddy’s and
“Sex toys?” suggested his recumbent partner.
?” he asked instead.
Then, stronger, she said, “I wish I had my frying pan so that I could teach those vandals a solid lesson!”
“Ham, then,” Daddy told them.  “Bananas go with ham.”
Sherlock Holmes was bitterly angry.  “How stupid do these goldfish have to be?” he exclaimed in frustration.
“Very good, John,” came the deep laughter, “You got one after all!”
“Why did you think putting on makeup with Evangeline would be a good idea?  What made you want to wear it?” he asked her.
When the timer beeped, and Mrs. Hudson pulled the sheets from the oven in her mitted hands, the biscuits smelled wonderful.  They looked different, for the dough had puffed up a little as it baked.  The cinnamon hearts had melted into the cookie, smearing a little around the edges.  A few of the silver balls rolled off the eyes of the camels as she set the tray down onto the cooling rack.  “Let them cool a bit, and then you can each have one to taste-test,” She told them.
“I bet it would go with your hair too, Uncle Mycroft,” Siger said seriously.
Cuddles.  Yes, there are lots of times when Sherlock cuddled his children.  He would not call it that, he'd call it "responding to their emotional welfare".  And even more for John, both giving and receiving.
That laughter always lifted John’s heart.  He wondered if Sherlock had laughed as much when he was a child.  Somehow, John did not think so.  He was glad that Siger could.
As time ticked on her thoughts ranged to whom should she call for help.  Not Daddy.  Daddy would come bursting into the booking area with rage and a desire to protect her that would allow whoever was behind this to escape.
“What is an ice skating rink?” Siger asked, putting down his plush violin.
Thank you all for reading and encouraging me!  It's lovely to be back to writing!
“If anyone is the Queen of this Hive,” John Watson told his son, “It’s more likely to be your
John Watson closed the laptop and banged his head, gently, on the lid.
“Yes.  Do you suppose that we could find presents for your sisters, and for Daddy?”  Sherlock had the laptop open and was typing rapidly.
Bert looked out of the kitchen, where he’d been cleaning the stove.  Lunch had been messy.  “He’s been a bee all day,” Bert said.
Mycroft Holmes held the boys tie up to his chin and gave his partner a questioning look.  “What do you think?”
Sherlock Holmes crunched across the pavement in front of 221 B.  Black smudged the facade of what had been Speedy’s, the front window, red and white striped awning both gone.  Dimmock and his team were processing the scene.   The firetrucks had gone.  The street was wet as though there’d been a thunderstorm, not London rain.
Greg thought about it.  “The red hair?”
Cold drizzle greyed the air around the perambulator, bringing a flush to excited cheeks as Miri and Ross chattered to each other.  Ross still used her fingers mostly, but threw a few words into the mix.
A threat from the past.
“Yes, Siger,” John told him, “They were from the church.  They send out the same card to each child who is a member.”
Siger asked, “Daddy, was someone trying to hurt us again?”
“Your family will have my hide if I don’t get you back down to the Dower House in time for dinner,” John told him, “And Anna will tan it afterward if we’re not ready for ours!”
The children were still damaged - it's still abusive to withhold affection and attention from children - but they were not AS damaged as the others.
“Daddy?  Aren’t your eyebrows grey?” Ross put in.
“Sentiment,” his father said in less than his usual grumble.
“Yes.  The two boys, Vivaan and Adi, twins by the way, admitted to swapping the geese in an effort to make amends.  They thought that the pink geese might be harder for Mr. Gurdy to sell,” John sat down next to Sherlock on the couch.  “Siger received a fifty-pound note from Mr. Gurdy in thanks for his assistance.”
Now Sherlock gave his description of a long and excessively convoluted series of events from the comfort of the quilt covered queen-sized bed - showered and clad in pajama bottoms and tee shirt, bare feet stretched out, and hands clasped over his chest - while John, wearing boxers and a tee shirt, tried to take notes from the table by the ruffle bedecked window.  The apprehension of the phony fortune-teller and her set of identical triplets in the act of smuggling antiques would make for an entertaining entry in John’s blog.  “Brilliant, as usual,” he told his partner before adding, “Why did I need to get the box of thirty seven severed hands, then?”  The hands were residing in a cooler in the police station until the next morning.
“Nah,” Cuddles raised his head in spite of the attempt at  medical care and looked up at the detective. He wasn’t disputing the death. He said it proudly, ‘I’m Jim Moriarty’s man.”
Siger hid a smile, not well enough, he knew, from his father.  “I will ask Uncle Mycroft.  What about,” he thought of how to phrase it, “What did you want to be when you were my age?”
“But isn’t that what you wanted to do,
Hours later, after their breakfast, the girl caught his attention again.  “Pssst!”
“John,” Sherlock called after him.  “Hot chocolate, please.  Instead of the tea.”
Then it was Siger’s turn. Siger leaned back upon the man’s lap to look up carefully.  After examining the man he asked, “What do you feed your reindeer?”
This chapter ties in with a story in the Thirty Days of Sherlock, as it is the day before the chapter entitled "Comfort".
Siger blinked at his father.  Then he handed both Miri’s and his cards up for John to put on the shelf with Ross’s card.
“Now, if we were really attempting to make Daddy look like a woman, we would first give him a very close shave.  Stubble, or five-o'clock shadow, does not occur on the majority of women.”  There were giggles in response.  They were, after all, seven and nine years old.  “Luckily your Daddy shaved late today, and is still relatively smooth.”
That brought a scoffing snort from Sherlock Holmes.  “Your father, John Watson, afraid of a petty shoplifter?  Not likely.”
I really have never found Gingerbread houses to be edible.  Not even when I was a child.
It was a good meal, savory chicken stew with plenty of each person’s favorite vegetables - parsnips, turnips, potatoes, and carrots.  When they finished eating and went to wash up, Sherlock told them, “Everyone into the sitting room, please.  We will clear up later.”  He had gotten better with ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ since the arrival of the children.  “We are going to have a demonstration,” he announced.
That got a big smile. Then John shouldered his carry-on, and made his way along the jet bridge with a purposeful stride. On with the mission.
tried to get the beard from Ross. “Rosalind!  Let go! You don’t know where that beard had been!”
The next morning after a visit by Gregory Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes, who brought Siger with them, Siger Hamish Holmes leaned over in his
Bert looked over. “Why can’t you get your tablet?” he asked.  Since he thought that was the actual issue.
“No.” The smile was no longer hidden. “I guess not.”
There was Mrs. Hudson to think about as well.  And Lestrade. And the homeless or whomever it was that kept painting, “I believe in Sherlock” all over the walls of the halls of Justice.  Maybe it was Anderson.  Who was out of a job, as John understood.  Because he had gone crazy, apparently.
The sentiment was echoed hours later as Sherlock and John bundled their three into their own beds up in the quiet, darkened nursery.  “This was,” Sherlock rumbled to his lover, “A not particularly annoying holiday.”
Siger’s comment echoed his thought: “
This was a long one, huh?  I would think I was finished, and more came out.  So, hoping it's not too long for you all.
John leaned forward and spoke quietly, “Martha.”
“In the props closet, behind the throne.  Be careful, the door sticks.  Sam got locked in there yesterday,” she said snottily over her shoulder before going back to flirting with that Asian kid who’d been with the gay guys.  Not that he had a problem with gays.  But their kids had been pretty odd with their staring at him.
His partner said thoughtfully, “I wonder when we should start Siger in learning how to shoot?”
Oh.  Well played, Dr. John Watson!  “Siger,” Sherlock croaked, acknowledging the small boy paused in the doorway.
sitting up on the couch.  Siger slid down into his lap.  The album was placed on the table, and
Martha Hudson did not comment on actually ripe strawberries in December, but enjoyed another mouthful of really excellent tea.  “You’re very good.  You knew exactly how I take my tea!”
Leaning over the ziptied doctor to look into his eyes, the detective sergeant asked “Excuse me, sir.  Are you waiting for anyone here?”
Sliding his head to rest on John’s shoulder he added, “And hideous holiday jumpers.”
“Oh,” Greg commented neutrally.
Flute.”
“Fine, love. Just fine.  Missing you!  Missing the kids!” Greg Lestrade couldn’t hide the relief in his voice.  “How are you?”
Ross sniffled, on the edge of tears.  “Bbbbbb,” she said reedily.
Siger told them, “I think Daddy is sad.  He hasn’t mentioned Christmas since we put the fairy lights up.”
“Evangelina gave us makeovers at school today,” Ross said loftily, lifting her button nose.  “The teachers didn’t seem to mind.  I don’t see why
The officers conducting the review were thorough, professional, and dispassionate.  That was a facet that John appreciated.  For Greg’s sake, as well as Sherlock’s.
Siger’s
“It should be fairly comfortable,” Sherlock remarked.
Siger looked thoughtful, “Well, yes, Ross will put them in her mouth if she can.  She likes to put things in her mouth.”
“He has requested his own money to spend,” came next.
plays?  Can you pretend that you don’t hear?  We can talk with our hands.  Is that alright?”  John thought that might be a saving grace if they thought she couldn’t be a witness. Not that Ross did much in the way of signing.
Sherlock, true to his self-description from so long ago, said nothing. He did, however, continue to observe his spouse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” Sherlock said reproachfully, “This is Mycroft.”
“Possibly,”
John turned to face his spouse and said quietly, “Siger asked if someone is trying to hurt us again.”
John Watson, who had child care duty for the afternoon, addressed the long kitchen table, “Did everyone completely miss the medical workers in that speech?”
Those light colored eyes widened, and Sherlock pulled back from the microscope.  There was silence while he processed the idea.  “John,” he said finally, “What an interesting idea.”
“No, of course not.  I don’t know what your Daddy is thinking.  Putting those ideas in your head,”
Siger thought about that.  “Uncle Mycroft wants to eat sweets,” he said thoughtfully.
Doctor John Watson went into their bedroom to pack his flight bag.
“I don’t know,” Siger said, “I don’t know that one.  Probably as it sounds.”
Albert has a date with a pretty Norwegian.  But he's never been on skates before.
“Oh, come on, Alice Brown,” Sherlock exploded, “You were a teacher!”
Laughing uproariously, the vets slapped both John and Sherlock on the back.  “Lucky John!” and “Lucky Sherlock!”  John laughed along with them, giving his partner a slow wink.  The detective resolved to purchase an entire jar of those cherries.  For them both to practice on.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  Wisely, he said nothing.  Too much sentiment, he thought as his hand sought out John’s, clasping them together on his trouser leg.  They settled into silence as the dark car moved quietly under the London street lights toward Mycroft’s home.
That got Sherlock’s attention.  “Where on earth do you get these things, John?  Neither of those would ever happen.  You can’t bludgeon someone with a roast. It’s not solid enough for a bludgeon, although you might be able to suffocate someone.”
was encouragement.  And behaving badly, as
So Sherlock had gotten around that by allowing Siger to study Mud Spatter Patterns.  This had lead to Other Spatter Patterns of varying viscosity.  Siger had taken to it with interest, and Miri and Ross had enjoyed making the mess for the pair of them to try to read.
“Yes,”
Meeting John's army buddies.
“About time, Lestrade,” grumbled the tall, pacing consultant.  Repetition again.  Not necessarily a bad thing.  John was noticing it right now, for some reason.  Perhaps it was the exhaustion.
“Boring,” moaned the almost three year old.
John could see the constable in his peripheral vision as he handed the black leather wallet to the sergeant.  “Watson.  A Doctor John Watson,” the sergeant announced.
After dinner, nothing was said. Sherlock continued to read to Siger. Ross was lolling on her stomach on Harry’s much used afghan.
“Ross is sleeping.  I think Daddy is too.  His eyes are closed, but I don’t think he is praying,” Siger told him.
“Well, here’s to coming up with something for the kids that won’t make John explode with rage, and Sherlock faint like a Victorian heroine!” Greg lifted his lager, and Mycroft tapped his wine glass gently.
Which meant that the odor of roast meat was coming from their flat upstairs. Feeling a little less tired, John followed the scent, jogging up the seventeen steps to their landing, and into the open door of the flat.  “Sherlock?” he called as he stepped into the kitchen.  He need not have.  Of course Sherlock was there, lab coat over his tee shirt and pajama bottoms, every which way curls separated by a pair of clear Plexiglas goggles perched atop his head as he peered into the eyepiece of his microscope.
“Oh, you will, will you?” Greg Lestrade cocked an eyebrow at his spouse.
“What’s that?” the bigger man turned turned his craggy face to look down at the little boy.  He unsuccessfully dusted his hands together to rid them of pine sap. “My dog?  He’s a good one, yeah.”
Pere had saved Siger’s Real Violin.  The first thing Siger did when getting up was to open the case and ensure that the Real Violin was unharmed as it rested in the velvet lining of the case.  His stuffy, Violin, was all well and good, but Siger was a big boy now, and could play real music on the Real Violin.  Maybe later today he’d practice, if it was alright with Anna.
has a beautiful voice,” Mycroft told his nephew, “But he never liked to use it in public.”
“Red!” Siger insisted, “Red for Rosalind!”  He waited patiently while his father typed in the order information.  There were many letters and numbers.  After that his father showed Siger how to press the ‘es’ button to submit the order.
John Watson could just hear Sherlock’s words over the uproar, for all that his lips were not noticeably moving.  “Let it snow!  Let it snow! Let it snow!”
Sergeant Donovan flashed her warrant card, “What’s going on here?” she asked with what John privately thought of as her very bossy voice.
Daddy said that there were some words that children should not use.  Pere had told Siger that legally Siger, and Miri, and Ross would be children - minors - until they turned eighteen years of age.  So Siger would have to wait fourteen and a half years before he could call this Father Christmas an idiot.
huffed at him.  Usually
But then they’d shown up at the temporary flat he’d been hiding out in.  And skiving off down the fire escape hadn’t helped, because there’d been police everywhere he looked after that.
“Films are boring, Daddy,” Siger told him, and “They make my head ache even more.”
Siger was incredibly pleased with himself, because he no longer needed nappies.  “All dressed, Daddy!” he lifted his feet up, “except for shoes.”
Their story that night did not catch the children’s interest.
“I thought you deleted all of that stuff,” chided John.
“Cultural reference,” John told him, putting the kettle on for tea.
There was, of course,
Siger nodded.  “Yes, please, Uncle Mycroft.”
“Why do you think that Irene Adler would talk to me? About anything, much less about Moriarty’s dealings?” John demanded.
Daddy was smiling that big smile, and said, “You’re leading, Sherlock.  Any dance where you lead is a ballroom dance.”
“Mycroft won’t leave, will he?” John said, staring at, but not seeing the words on the screen.
The boy eased himself around to a comfortable position on the pillow - his head hurt, but also the top of his head, his scalp, hurt too.  He was tired.  Closing his eyes he listened to the sounds of the room.
“Is it that we gave Siger so much more attention?” Sherlock Holmes asked tensely.  “Do you think Miranda and Rosalind are getting shorted in enrichment?”
“Just a headache,”
Not to mention John actually spent time with his children.  Siger was at the end of his cold, and sniffled as he built a three-dimensional paper sculpture that was beginning to look like a dragon.  Miri was asleep on the floor next to her brother, wrapped in Auntie Harriet’s afghan, her fingers curled up near her small red mouth.
Mycroft has found a clue.
(See the end of the chapter for
Doctor John Watson went into their bedroom to pack his flight bag.
Will did not like his snug sack.  He kicked up what Daddy called an “unholy fuss” when Daddy tried to put him into it.  “Nanananana,” Will babbled, then “no!”
“There you go, then.  Get your practice in for when our baby arrives.  Because I don’t think we’ll have much leisure time to shop for our own.”  Even though they’d already started looking through catalogs,  thinking of a day in the future when purchases would be made for their own little boy or girl.
Lily was thrilled for their date.  Lily had also, Bert discovered, been born on skates, as her family were Norwegian.  Balance.  It was all balance, he discovered, as he found himself trying to walk, stiffly, across the ice wearing battered brown hired men's skates, topping knife blades on his feet.  He started by clinging to the wall of the rink, older men and women in bright sweaters weaving their way in and out of the crowd of children who were taking up most of the space in the center.
could pick Siger up. When he wanted to be picked up.  Because he was old enough now to know his own mind about that,
Siger looked over at his Dad and cocked his head in imitation of Sherlock.  The twins turned and looked at their father, then back to their brother and other father, and then slowly, and a bit eerily, copied that cocking of the head precisely.
“Honey and yogurt!” Siger told him.
told him, “You may open it as soon as Rosalind and Miranda are awake from their naps.  Which you may not wake them up from.”
“It’s coming around again?” his tall detective didn’t fling himself into his usual thinking position, instead standing by John’s chair and examining the screen, “Or it’s a weaponized virus?”
Because they are just about everywhere right now.
“No,” John told him in irritation, “the last time you said ‘animal’ and it was botulism bacilla.”
Sherlock huffed, “She leaves them at work, and the custodian steals them.”
Miranda had seen women return time and again to see the piece.  It was not difficult to tell why they were in the room, let alone the museum.  After slowly grazing past the other pieces in the exhibit, those expensively high-heeled legs would swerve over to the glass topped pillar, and remain.  Not that Miranda had any disdain for the spike heels.  She’d learned their place, in disguise, in combat.  They were also hobbling, and so she rarely, if ever, wore them.
Ooh.  No.  Siger checked to find the Vomit Emergency bucket.
“You and your crazy man.  Don’t you worry about keeping the kids safe?” Harry didn’t know the meaning of subtlety, but she did try for a conciliatory tone.
When John climbed out of the car at two hundred twenty one b, Baker Street, after he thanked Declan, he took a moment to observe.
True.  The criminal, a short, fat blackmailer-turned-murderer had panicked and taken the closest method of escape.  It was a miracle that he’d gotten this far.
In the darkness of the upstairs room, “Silent night, Holy night,” Siger was singing softly to his baby sister, “all is calm, all is bright.”
, who was upstairs cleaning all of the linen used by two sick babies and a recovering-ish doctor.
They had enough time while the others were sleeping to find presents for Grammy Hudson, Miss Alice Brown, for Bert, and the new cousin who would be coming to Uncle Mycroft’s and Unka Greg’s house.  Afterward Siger helped Pere to get suppers (because they had completely missed tea) of broth and dried toast for Daddy, for Ross, and for Miri.  Then Pere made a fry up for themselves.  After putting all of their “patients” as Pere kept calling them, back to bed, the pair of them watched a film about bees, which Siger had to go up and find his rubber bees for.  Pere wiped them down with a bleach wipe “for sanitation”, before Siger could play with them.  And they both had to wash their hands thoroughly after the bees had been wiped.
The dating dry spell ended.  John found himself bringing Sherlock along on every date anyway.  The invisible consulting detective in his mind urged him not to just see, but to observe.  Which caused Three Continents Watson to date a lot.  A quantity of feminine consorts, and an enjoyable quantity of medicinal sex, but nothing, and no one, long term.
?” his voice trembling almost as much as his arms and legs now were.
More laughter, then, “We need to stop that.  I’m at work, and the squad are staring at me through the window. No privacy to make sure I’m respectable if I get called out.”
“Daddy’s got a bee in his bonnet, doesn’t he?” Greg gave Siger a wink before carrying his tribute into the kitchen.
from its place on the shelf.  Best to do some research before he chose a wand for John’s Christmas gift.
is teaching you a skill.  Neither he, nor I expect you to use it to steal from shops, or people.  It’s very wrong to do that.  If you are hungry, with no money, there are places you can go that will help you."
“Sherlock,” John said thoughtfully, “We don’t have room at the cottage for Mrs. Hudson.  Usually the elderly are the most vulnerable in an epidemic.”
Ah, the evergreen tree.
“I told you I deleted all knowledge of them,” Sherlock pointed out, "Not that I had ever read them to begin with.  It's difficult not to hear about them when people yammer on so."
Inside the prop closet, there was a very unhappy man.  William Watts had thought that joining up with Alfie Parker would bring money and an easy life.  Rob a couple of banks with the boys, and take off to spend that loot in a quiet country town where no one was the wiser.  Then Alfie had shot the security guard and things went straight to hell.  Even if Will hadn’t fired the gun himself, that bullet had changed things.
“I find,” Sherlock said dryly, “That my taste for that sort of adventure is overwhelmed by the need to provide safety for our offspring.  For that matter, for Greg and Mycroft’s as well. I didn’t go to all that trouble to keep Guillaume alive to have him taken from us by a germ.”
Mycroft elected Miranda as the more pliable of the toddlers, and so would serve as the test case.  He really did not do ‘leg work’, and so arriving at a boutique - ushering the tiny blonde into the shop, had its own issues.  Car seat notwithstanding, Miranda had been mobile, and quite talkative all morning.  Yet, when Mycroft held the steel and glass door for her politely, Miri grabbed his trousered leg and hid her face in it, causing a blockage in traffic.
Then there was the much smaller, Dower House - which was generally used as a rental property. Currently the Lestrades were living in the Dower House with the remaining members of Mycroft’s security detail. Greg’s vivacious sister, Dolores, her daughter Evelyn and son-in-law Jonathan and their children.  Emma and Daniel were Siger’s biological siblings, born within days of the boy at Moriarty’s Institute in an odd and intricate scientific experiment.  Mycroft had organized their adoption by Greg’s niece and nephew.
They did not stay up late, as everyone was tired.
Miranda squeaked, “She would have es...escalated the encounter.”
John had suffered.  Nightmares, flashbacks.  Post Traumatic Stress Disorder is a very real thing, and even though Mycroft was clever, he knew sod all about how it worked.  Like concussion, like so many things, PTSD is cumulative.  Once you have it, the damage is compounded by fresh scars introduced on top of it.  John Watson was perfectly able to miss the excitement, the action, the purpose of serving in the army during a time of war, while being damaged by it as well.
“Because I asked him about a lavender pony, and he brought us pony coloring books,” she told him.
Yawning largely, the tall, lanky man dragged the sheet off the bed, wrapped it around his body, and set off to find his husband.  The duvet plopped onto the floor behind him as he staggered momentarily around the empty floor that had formerly held the two cartons.  He’d pulled what he thought John might appreciate from the multiple boxes upstairs in the crawl space.  John must be organizing the volumes.  All well and good, so long as tea was available.
None of them got eaten, which was just as well.
And does it not seem hard to you,
“John, you should have gotten that one.  It was part of the cases with Moriarty!” the consulting detective returned with asperity.
One thing that John had heard from his patients, and that consistently from men and women, was that children were the ultimate form of birth control.  Well, the men tended to use a more colourful phrasing.    John had to admit that this aspect of parenting was true.
By the time that grey ribbed tights, grey patent leather t-strap shoes, and complementary headband and bows had been selected, Miranda was out of her chair and crawling about on the floor.  Mycroft had forgotten the bag of toys in the back of the car.  They did manage to get her to try on the grey shoes eventually.
Siger slept in his own bed, and was grateful for it.  He listened to the sounds of Miri and Ross - both still a little congested and snoring - in their cribs.  The fairy lights were flashing just enough to brighten the room, but not to hurt his eyes.
“Bbbbbbbb!” Miranda told them, as she clumsily sat back on her rump and lifted arms to be picked up.
“Yes, sweet?”  Imprisoning the twins in the trolley with the food was preferable to chasing after them to prevent investigation into items found under the shelving, or left behind by other shoppers.  Currently they were reading stories on their tablet, a gift from Uncle Mycroft, surrounded by boxes of cereal, loaves of bread, and cartons of fruit.
This was not Mycroft Holmes’s forte. “I had no idea there were mummy dinosaurs,” he murmured to her.
Ross and Miri, who’d been gathered up themselves into the Pack and Play, were watching the entire delivery of the pine tree with large eyes from their seats in the Graco.  Miri gurgled loudly.  “Gggggggggggm,” she commented.
In summer, quite the other way,
“No, Daddy.  It does not.”  Crisp and clear, his son no longer had a small voice.  In fact, they were having difficulty keeping the volume toned down.  The three-year-old -- well, halfway to four -- pulled hard on the immense expanse of dark red cotton cloth from the master bedroom.  It was hung up on an impediment in the hallway.
“Traditionally --” Sherlock turned and told him earnestly “-- you would have set up the fairy lights in the foyer, in our flat, and outside of Mrs. Hudson’s quarters. It is the beginning of December.  We must prepare for Christmas.”
There was quiet.  Then a mug of hot, sweet tea was placed in front of the detective.  “I was not complaining,” John said as he took his place in the next seat.  A sip of hot milky orange pekoe produced a sigh of happiness.
” Sherlock found that he could muster enthusiasm for his son.  And under the little boy’s watchful eyes he raised a spoonful of the mixture to his lips.  The soup was flavourful.  He was hungry.  Sherlock ate all of the broth, to Siger’s great satisfaction.
says you’re the legendary white knight.  He’s the black-hearted pirate.”
“Siger,” Sherlock instructed his son, “Show your sisters the photographs of their faces this afternoon.”
stowed under his arm, John followed Sherlock down the stairs to the sitting room.  The rejected book was stored on the top shelf, out of the way.
“I swear!  On my mother’s grave,” he was told.
Well, perhaps John would find that last bit impolite.  Even when he agreed with the sentiment.  Sherlock certainly did.
The picture that was hung on Mrs. Hudson’s refrigerator, and on Mycroft Holmes’s mantelpiece, that year was taken by Bert Tran while all of this was going on.  In it, John Watson is cradling a red-faced, tear streaked Miri, Sherlock Holmes is prying Ross’s fascinated hand away from Father Christmas’s beard before it goes back into her open mouth, and Father Christmas is leaning sideways to mitigate Ross’s grip, but he’s listening to Siger, explaining to
John Watson finished reviewing the paperwork Alice Brown had handed him.  “All good, Alice?” he twinkled his blue eyes at the office manager from force of habit.
named “A Date”, Siger looked forward to hearing about their new adventures.
There was a huff of agreement into his hair.  John pulled away so that he could reach up and kiss his husband softly.  This was, Sherlock Holmes thought, one of the better parts of being married.
It was that moment that John realized he’d been falling.  When he landed.  The solid impact of the feisty doctor’s left fist against that even more prominent cheekbone - evidence, though John did not know it, of deprivation and two years of Sherlock’s own version of the fall.
“Anna will be joining us at the house, Sherlock, and I am certain that she and Mrs. Hudson will get along splendidly,” Mycroft’s smile was assured.
Sherlock gave him a delighted smile.  “You would be perfect, John.  There are all sorts of bits on your face that we can cover up and transform!”
With David as Glinda, the dialogue sounds tense and almost hostile, even as the two frenemies are supposed to be growing closer together. “Can’t I make you understand you’re having delusions of grandeur?” David lipsynchs, and Sherlock can barely keep his face in check as he delivers his lines.
John bites his bottom lip. “You have?”
“John…” she can’t help but utter, quietly.
John squares his shoulders.
“I’m so sorry,” Sherlock says. “I didn’t know.”
Mary’s body gestures to a bag of blood next to a microscope and what looks like a fully outfitted laboratory.
“No! It’s not that type of party,” Sherlock says, getting up. “I’ll change here and keep my clothes with you for safekeeping. Of course, you’ll be aptly rewarded.”
John turns off the faucet and removes Sebastian's envelope from his back pocket. It contains his character description, as well as some clues which he could drop during conversations, if the right questions are asked.
Sherlock burns holes in their backs, as if it’s an unforgivable betrayal, while John and Mycroft walk over to the balcony.
John pushes up his brows.
, John thinks to himself.
Ru looks thoughtful. “Very well, Doctor Watson. But only if you lip-sync against Jinkx’s makeover guy, DI Dimmock.”
John flinches. He thinks about those tender scars he tried so desperately to smooth with oil. He has some idea, yes. It feels like an invasion of privacy to be talking about it here, even if Mycroft
John has seen the battlefield. War, blood, death. Sherlock without three days’ sleep. But this does look scarier than anything to him: stylish suits hanging everywhere, in daring colors, with actual
Sherlock frowns. “I would think no such thing.”
“Oh! I know exactly what that is,” John says, eyes gleaming like a little boy’s. Sherlock feels a pang of regret. He wishes John looked at his pen like that.
“Now that I think about it, that could very well be,” Wilkes says. “He was always a right weirdo, that guy. A deviant in more than one sense, if you get my drift. A freak, and a fa--”
‘Adagio for Strings’ by Barber starts playing now. That’s better. Played at Einstein’s funeral once upon a time. Sherlock smirks at Mycroft, whose ears redden.
John doubles over, as if he’s been punched in the gut. He holds onto the doorknob for dear life as he feels wave after wave of nausea washing over him, shaking his heart, bitter words foaming at his mouth. Sherlock, for his part - it seemed impossible - pales even more.
John starts eating a pancake grumpily, which quickly seems to alleviate his mood. He even helps himself to a second and third serving.
John glances at Sherlock. He feels oddly like his dad now, all built-up rage, trembling, and yet he has never felt further from his homophobic trashcan of a father than in this very moment.
am, of course,” a low voice grumbles suddenly from behind him. It’s Sherlock, positioning himself next to John. He’s wearing a tight suit, perfectly tailored. John doubts it’s a Mark Powell suit though.
But then, suddenly, Miss Vanjie’s raspy voice booms through the whole work room.
But there is just a little bit too much intonation on the 'love'. Next to him, Sarah smiles, and John squeezes her hand.
“Sorry,” John says. “The good stuff’s at the bottom.”
“I… I need to wee. I’m done arguing with myself. It’s weird.”
Sherlock puts a stack of folded trousers in the suitcase. “I’m sure even you can make adequate deductions, John.”
Mycroft catches Irene in his arms as she grows more and more weak. “The thing about a reality show, Miss Adler,” he says, “is that Big Brother is always watching.”
“She-lock is a great woman,” Lestrade says. “But is he also a good man?”
“Please,” Sherlock begs.
my hair, he thinks.
“You're going along with this, Lestrade?” John says. “This... madness?”
John chuckles, and turns to Mycroft. “Oh by the way, what’s our target’s name?”
“Yes, yes, and we’re very sorry.” She doesn’t even try to use any intonation there. “So, are you going to do it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
’, I’m afraid.”
“Stop speaking in catchphrases!” Todrick says, clearly agitated.
No, this is about something bigger. After She-lock won Drag Race UK, it divided the world. Many queens shunned her because they didn’t deem her “nice enough”. Even bloody Tyra Sanchez. The fans revolted. They made online campaigns that they’d rather have Lady Bunny as their reigning queen than She-lock. They demanded a Dragxit vote.
Damn Mycroft. Sherlock blesses a few pieces of altar bread while the first few family members walk up to him. With his other hand, he points to the speakers. It quickly turns into another fight with his brother.
“You don’t think you’re a good man?” Jonathan asks.
“That’s the pointe?” John asks. “That’s the whole pointe?”
It is utterly ridiculous.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s just. John is not.
“I have some news about Bill Wiggins.”
Bainbridge has gone from pale to crimson red now. He stands up at once and points his blunt butter knife at Magnussen.
“Oh, I do,” Jonathan says.
Sherlock takes a pair of glasses from his breast pocket.
John stiffens back into military mode.
“Yes.”
He looks into John’s eyes.
“Sweet. Disgusting. Strawberry?”
“...She bring it to you every ball.”
. It was no lie. Except for the part where somehow it would always be John's fault. He sighs. It's half past eleven in the evening. Time to take a shower, perhaps. He throws his rugby shirt away, angrily.
Then it dawns on John.
“You see, I’ve been hired,” she continues.
She-lock whispers: “Spotify.”
On the other hand, he did just bloody drag him onto his lap.
“Yeah but…” he sounds as if he’s treading dangerous waters. “Where did you find my old military uniform?”
Alright, next chapter will be posted this Friday. Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it :)
Makes the mistake of looking down.
Sherlock quickly pulls a wrinkled piece of paper from his coat's pocket.
“How was she by the way?” Ru asks.
John looks up.
“Your scars.”
Somebody is going to die. Of jealousy, at least.
“What?” Todrick says. “No,
“I don’t think
Sherlock nods, running John’s hand nervously through his newly short, greying hair.
“I’m not your employee, Mycroft. Leave me alone.”
Soon, the three horses are walking next to each other, with Jonathan and Sherlock’s horse in the middle. Behind them and in front of them, cameramen in golf carts follow them. It feels very awkward, and very forced. Magnussen is eerily quiet, behind John. Holding the reins tightly.
John whimpers.
Extremely special thanks to my beta reader 88thparallel, who is so patient with me <3
Sherlock moves his head back, as if slapped. “I did consult people this time,” he says, quietly.
Maybe John longing for Sherlock has more to do with a need to experiment the way he wanted, but never did. Maybe, if he tries to expand his experiences, his feelings for Sherlock will diminish.
“Eh, Les Miserables”, David answers. Dangerous: improv on a stage.
John does the only logical thing he can think of, now. He drops his fork, ducks under the table to pick it up, then while rising he casually lays his hand on Sherlock’s leg, on Sherlock’s other hand that was resting there.
Suddenly, the door opens. The first thing Sherlock picks up on, is the alarmingly familiar scent.
John is stunned. It takes him a few seconds and all his courage to chase after him.
She-lock is looking for words to say... Well. To say: get out of my way, John, that’s my 10,000 dollars.
“John.”
The door barges open. It’s Phi Phi, followed by a bunch of cameras. She goes to the wall stacked with RuPaul consolation prize statues, and grabs two of them.
Sherlock feels John’s cock twitching desperately. That bastard. He must know
In the background, a miniature hand falls out of Katya’s open mouth.
“Shut up,” John commands.
“Wait!”
Two legs free, now. Sherlock screams out in frustration. He curls up like a shrimp, and the beam burns the place where his crotch was, now nearing close to his bum.
“Oh, I know!” John says. “Think of Mycroft.”
“This is a nightmare”, Sherlock mumbles. “Oh, and also, our lives are in danger.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says hastily. “And anyway, I still need you.”
“I didn’t, by the way,” Sherlock says, speaking carefully as if each word costs him everything he owns. “Expect you to be happy to see me.”
Sherlock nods. A cold creeps into John’s limbs, even though it’s hot in the restaurant.
Karamo releases John from his hold. “I had roommates in college, and they refused to do dishes, hung a dirty trafic sign on the wall and ate my yoghurt. They did not keep body parts in the fridge, man.”
“I mean I guess we'll miss him, poor sod”, Sandy adds. “But at least now you'll be the only one getting our inheritance, I guess.” She laughs.
He grabs Wilson’s hand, and next to him, Magnussen’s hand as well, to form a small prayer circle. John takes Sherlock’s and Bainbridge’s hands. It feels odd, not very British at all, praying over food. But it does make David stand out, he supposes.
For a brief second, Sherlock looks at the bottles sadly. Then he positions himself behind the shopping cart and pushes it, stubbornly. His Belstaff flutters open dramatically. John sighs. He looks completely ridiculous. Who goes to Tesco in such a tight, insanely expensive designer suit?
BenDeLa is wiping away a tear, Ru’s tape is ripping harder than for Aquaria. That’s how hard John is hitting those judges.
He reaches for the pistol in the back of his trousers. But before he can grab it, Sherlock rips off his bow tie, presses his thumb down in the knot and throws it in the middle of the table. There, it explodes in a cloud of smoke. Sherlock grabs John’s hand and together they run out the room, to the main gambling hall. The politicians at the blackjack tables only look mildly annoyed at the noise. They hurry past them, to a door with a fire exit sign.
. Too many of the clues were obviously meant to stand out to
“And my armpits.” John smiles proudly.
John’s head snaps up.
“Why don’t you ask Shangela,” Latrice deadpans, and they all laugh at a joke John can’t understand.
“... That tuck, damn it. But let me tell you this… You were the best woman… The most dragged… drag queen that I’ve ever known…”
Sherlock sucks in his breath.
The posh bastard is challenging him.
John checks his trash can. It's been recently emptied. All evidence disappeared down the binary drain of the internet. So that sodding bastard hasn't only been raiding his inbox, answering mails for him, he's also been very keen on keeping that e-vite a secret. Suddenly, John feels like attending.
, Sherlock sighs, and meets John’s tongue with pure longing, pure
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH,” they both yell.
The first notes of the song, ‘Buy me on iTunes’, are already playing. Oh sure, it suspiciously resembles the tune of ‘Main event’, but She-lock rolls with it. Her limbs find the rhythm, her lips find the words, as if on automatic pilot.
“What do you mean?”
Sherlock looks down and sighs. He feels… he can’t possibly say what he feels. Best get on with it. He takes a portion of his cure, and rubs the blood on his arm.
“What the hell are you doing, Sherlock?”
“He helped me with a... work problem about a year ago,” Wilkes says, wiping a ‘Shad Sanderson’ embroidered cloth across his nose. “Sorry, I have a cold. Yes, no, is this lighting flattering at all?”
The PA tries to break the two queens apart. “Can’t you two work out a routine
my style icon,” John says.
“Sir, yes sir,” John salutes. He’s never been this embarrassed and aroused in his life.
John puts the phone back down.
“I do. It’s in my contract.”
Sherlock repeats the motion counterclockwise, making sure to put an even pressure on the scar, then moves back to John’s other shoulder. He traces his spine, while his own heart beats heavily in his throat, from John’s neck to where his back disappears into his trousers, then back up again.
Is Sherlock the murderer?
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Sherlock says.
“You guys, we’re in London!” Karamo says.
“And you showed yourself to me,” John says. “You really did. The more I got to know you…”
“The End of the World restaurant,” Sherlock says, rapidly. “You once asked me if… If I would have dinner with you, if it was the end of the world. Then, it suddenly all clicked. The show’s tagline.
Sharon scowls. “I only wanted her unconscious to take a few pictures, to prove she was scamming all of us.”
“She-lock, I…”
-Snatch game: a RuPaul challenge where queens impersonate celebrities during a parody of The Match Game
“The smiley stays,” Sherlock says, near boiling point.
“You know your way around these parts,” John says, surprised.
“Anyway, how have you been doing, Katya?” Ru asks. “You took a little break, didn’t you?”
Sherlock freezes. He glances into the camera, then back at Jonathan, then stops breathing altogether.
John is standing stock still. At first, She-lock hardly realises what he’s doing. But then she notices the judges being mesmerised by it. And it dawns on her: John is
His lips, that were… unbearably soft.
“Oh Phi Phi,” Katya says, shaking her head. A plastic baby hand falls out of her blonde wig. “They will never crown an unlikeable winner again. This isn’t season two, baby.”
Sherlock can’t believe he’s started calling himself
supply of cosmetics,” She-lock whispers in John’s ear. “Until Sharon started selling the makeup, I heard on Reddit. Or, well, wrote on Reddit.”
With a jolt, Mary and Moriarty seem to switch bodies again. Gulping, Moriarty grabs his knees, then quickly fondles his crotch.
“Why don’t they just stop production, like sane human beings would do?” John asks, arms folded.
“Go back to your little drawer in New York City, where you belong,” She-lock says. “Everybody loves puppets, not muppets.”
How to phrase this? He doesn’t want Sherlock to close himself off from the world once more, feeling judged by even his best friend. John shouldn’t have implied that Sherlock was acting slutty, just for kissing someone.
“John. We are literally on a case.”
Oh right, the bodyswap.
“Well, well. I’m finally inside your pet!” He says in a Moriarty voice.
“Let me show you upstairs, you handsome man,” Bobby says, exchanging a meaningful look with the others. “Before you hug me.”
For a few seconds, nothing happens. Then, John heads straight for the bathroom.
He does not dare ask if he’s crying.
Janine winks at him. “Intrigue, romance, jealousy. Hushed whispers, forbidden touches on the massage table. We almost don’t need a murder anymore.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Well.
Is it even any use lying to the king of deduction?
John watches as his own right hand automatically, as if on cue, lifts to those lovely curls – he's always wanted to touch them, mess them up. Softly, he places his fingers in Sherlock's hair.
Thank you all so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed it. It's been over a year since I've written fic... It feels great (and scary) to be back.
“It does save a lot of time,” She-lock admits, while imagining Dimmock showing John how to shave. Her throat runs dry. “Did he show you… anything else?”
“The Woman,” John slurs, momentarily intrigued by the odd sound of his own voice. “The woman? The woman Woman.”
But Sherlock can hear he's in the bathroom, so that's fine.
Trixie: “You’re Canadian?”
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock says.
. He's not
Sherlock winks at Mycroft. He’s already been sent the target’s file. It should be easy enough. A small fish, some criminal loser tucked away in Amsterdam, smoking joints, wearing clogs, dealing out guns every now and then. He can do this in his sleep. On the way there, Mycroft will organise a scuffle with some actors, and in Amsterdam they’ll quickly wrap the case and then stay for another week to cruise. The canals.
Well, yes. Sherlock should be preparing for his secret mission. Dismantling Moriarty’s network.
John squirts some more lube into his - Sherlock’s - hand and and rubs his thumb over their shafts. It comes surprisingly naturally - Sherlock moves his hips forward, sliding John’s cock against his own, looking for a rhythm. John wraps his hand loosely over both of them, providing a warmth to push into, an irresistible heat building with mutual force. Sherlock breathes heavily, and John picks up the pace, going faster and faster.
“You’ve rutted against his legs, salivated into his mouth, rutted some more and then fallen asleep,” her tongue cracks like a whip. “Twice.”
Sherlock quickly runs his eyes over him. His hair looks… greyer. His eyes tired. He looks smaller, somehow.
“Army doctor,” Ru corrects. “And Michelle is just fine. There was just a little incident. But as I gather… Latrice Royale is already helping her.”
Jonathan stays silent for a long, long time.
Another cough - more like a choke, now.
Sherlock is taken aback. “I… don’t know.”
“Yes, the only consulting detective in the…”
Did Sherlock know? Did he just not care?
, by Charles Trenet. Not in the mood for that. He pushes again. Ah, finally. Some Grace Jones. Nice.
“I’m inside,” he whispers into the telephone. “Sorry about what I said about your age. You’re good, eh,
product?
That’s how John suddenly finds himself in the third row of the Apollo Victoria Theatre in London, equipped with headphones to listen in, and a tiny microphone with which he can whisper flirting instructions into Sherlock’s tiny earpiece during the first group date. Sherlock did prick him a few times this morning while pinning the microphone on him. The only evidence that their fight hadn’t been forgotten. Typical. Maybe, once this case was over, they’d have a proper row over it. Maybe he’d be off Sherlock’s cases forever, unless for some reason he’d need another flirting expert, or - a doctor.
It's a low jab. After Sherlock's death, John had to disable the comment section. Now he can't even bring himself to load the blog anymore, not even to delete the evidence of his grief. It's not as if he has much to say, anyway. And who even blogs anymore? He should probably just snapchat his 221B life. Put a flower crown on that deerstalker.
“Well, oh, okay”, Sam says, combing through his blonde curls. John notices Sherlock's adam's apple bopping strangely. “This one time, Sandy and I went downstairs to eat in the communal kitchen. It was after our first time sex, and Sherlock kind of deduced it.”
More like Broke Lynn, if she’s teaching a RuPaul dance class.
“We seem to have lost Moran.”
She’s smiling. “You should have locked the bathroom door, Sherlock.”
“How…” John pauses, biting his lip. “How do I know it’s really you?”
“Turn off your bloody phone, John,” Sherlock mutters.
John frowns. Has She-lock been suffering from headaches? He stares from left to right, trying to work this out. She-lock rubs his shoulder reassuringly.
He feels John’s tongue slowly licking his way past his lips, its warmth awakening all that was dormant inside.
“We’ll have to hold hands for this,” he instructs.
“It’s for
He can be Sherlock’s Hannah.
They haven’t spoken a word of it anymore. John woke up with his limbs tangled around Sherlock, then quietly extracted himself - it was like ripping off a band aid, except he was the wound.
“Jesus,” Sherlock mumbles.
“So ask about who he is and what he thinks, deepen the conversation, and answer any questions he might have in return. As honestly as you can. Relationships are about intimacy, even more than they are about seeking thrill or adventure. Those things will happen naturally, to people who spend time with you. But once you really let them in... show them who you are... They won't want to leave.”
When the lift door opens, they enter a large room full of people. They’re dressed as scientists, straight out of old time films, and are working on different projects. Next to them, a man disappears inside a sofa. A little further, someone shoots some sort of rocket from a leg cast.
John looks up, but Sherlock's features are unreadable. Nothing but coldness. He wonders what kind of young man Sherlock was during his university years. It's hard to imagine him eight years younger. Even now he barely looks twelve. According to Sebastian Wilkes, he'd been deducing people even then.
It’s a bit of a lie, but Sherlock can’t see his own back anyway. So why should he suffer still?
“Oh, don’t pretend you’ve never had balls in your mouth.”
A short pause.
“Yes, you are,” She-lock says. “And you’re not that innocent. But you didn’t threaten Michelle. You see, Scotland Yard, Latrice would never stab a pair of boobs. She doesn’t even own boobs!”
Sherlock doesn’t reply. John sighs. Alright then.
“Detective Lestrade just told you himself: they arrested Jonathan Smalls this morning. Therefore, he can’t be the one who wrote the threatening note, the one who’s after Wilson. Because we were shot at during our horse riding adventure, remember? How would Smalls manage that from prison?”
“Right,” Ru says, taking a seat in the middle of the judging table. “That’s everyone introduced. Oh, and of course, sitting on that chair in the background, Stacy Layne Matthews. Hi Stacy! Now, let’s get straight to it. We’ll start with the 49th state, Alaska, and her drag daughter, Leg Lestrade.”
“Did he touch you?” John asks. Trying to be protective, of course.
Sherlock startles so much he nearly falls into John’s very nude shoulder. Christ, he still smells faintly like lavender.
“Murder
We all know what's for dessert.
Sherlock’s voice sounds strangled. “
After about twenty seconds, John breaks the silence.
Sherlock removes the empty teacup, tries to keep his fingers from shaking. This is fine. John won’t recognise him. It’s been such a long time. He probably barely remembers him.
She sways on her feet. This can’t be. That kiss… falling asleep next to him…. Suddenly, she feels sick to her stomach. John wasn’t visiting her hotel room because he was
Why is Sherlock’s hand shaking so much? He buries it in his vicar’s robes.
Sherlock glances down, and looks at John’s beautiful, thick cock, being pleasured by his own hand, while feeling each and every nerve ending with radiating precision.
No. She can’t be in here anymore. So she abruptly turns around and heads out the fire exit door, where the traditional queens’ smoking area is.
To all the lurkers who don't comment or kudos for whatever reason: I see you, I appreciate you, don't worry. You do you <3
“Wouldn’t have gone for V-neck myself. But I’ve been working on the case, of course.”
John turns around. Sherlock swallows at the sight of it. Words fail.
“What?” he calls out.
John looks down. Sherlock closes his gorgeous cupid’s bow lips around its head and licks the slit. Eagerly he laps up every last bit of precome, then pulls back, panting.
She’d stand a better chance if Ornacia lip-synced for her.
Janine looks at them as if she made perfect sense.
Silence.
“Sherlock? What's this?”, John asks.
“Sherlock hasn’t orgasmed,” she states.
Suddenly, five giant Dwarves barge in, guns at the ready.
John lets out a breath. He can’t believe he’s really doing this.
John’s fingernails press into his palms.
Sherlock notices he’s putting his curls in place, trying to act like Sherlock would. Smart. Best not show Moriarty their hand.
But anyway, hadn’t John and Sherlock already crossed a line last night? Would a lesson in fellatio really be that much worse?
“I… don’t. But She-lock told me they’d dated.”
“James Bond is practically a documentary,” Sherlock says.
“That was... amazing.”
John throws him a look.
John turns the phone off hastily.
“You better come with me and Dimmock,” the grey daddy says, gesturing to Jinkx’ veteran, who’s standing behind him and is eagerly trying to glimpse inside.
the sensitive areas of his own body.
“John, I knew you would be safer staying put in your room, and I was right. You almost died yesterday because you decided to come up to the penthouse. Lestrade and I were expecting her soon. Mycroft had texted me as much. She was going to come in, be surprised by Lestrade’s presence, and if needed, I was going to use the syringe on her. Until
“Stay away from Mary Morstan, John,” Sherlock rumbles.
“You’ll blow your cover. You’re set to leave for Belarus tomorrow, for Christ’s sake.”
“So I’m…. not the villain?” Phi Phi is muttering to herself. “Bitch, I’m from Chicago…”
Lestrade scrapes his throat. “It was Jonathan Smalls.”
“It’s hard to take you seriously, Ru,” Phi Phi says, glaring. “Not when you have eyebrow shaped sharpie stains on your belly. It’s not like I’m wearing a cockroach costume.”
The dark figure halts in the entrance.
“Granted, still not a
John fingers a frown on his forehead. Sherlock sounds panicky. Surely he must have a plan? He always has a plan.
“Where is he?” Mycroft says when picking up. No hello, no niceties.
She smiles. “Yes, very few people know Doctor Watson’s middle name. Well done, clever boy. Well done.”
John finds Sherlock in his dressing room, still in full costume, arms gripping either side of the small table. He’s trembling in front of the mirror. John quietly closes the door behind him, and removes his headset.
“You should have told me! You pushed me away that whole time, Sherlock! Tried to solve the case on your own. For a consulting detective you certainly hate consulting
“I only have five minutes to break into the system… Oh shit.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says.
The children giggle. As they run out the door, they yell: “Happy Halloween!”
Sherlock puts a hand on his body’s shoulder, forcing John to face him. He looks… flushed.
He flips through the pages. Christ, his religious upbringing was ages ago. Why did his parents never take him to church? Not until his death, at least.
“Right, sure. Yeah,” John says, walking around the bedroom. He strokes one of the poles of the bedpost. It’s one of those old fashioned beds that are… ridiculously romantic, Sherlock realises with a pang.
She-lock follows John to the door. Michelle Visage? Unconscious? Perhaps she just fell over and forgot that she needs to stretch her arms because her boobs aren’t her own private car airbags anymore, post-reduction.
Christ, he should act normal, Sherlock thinks as he enters the vicar’s side of the confessional booth, and tries to open the tiny hatch that reveals another wooden shutter. Behind it, he can see the shadows compose the beautiful symphony that is John. What on earth would John need forgiveness for? He’s perfect.
Jonathan holds the grape near Sherlock’s mouth.
“I’m having fun,” John lies.
Special thanks to the lovely and charming jobooksncoffee for coining the term 'dicktective drag' in the comments a few chapters back. :D
(See the end of the chapter for
EDIT: a lot of people have shared their thoughts on this question (thank you!). Clearly this work is not dub con but i’ve decided to tag ‘mentions of dub con in the past’ because of the Victor stuff,  so people don’t get accidentally triggered. <3
He moves his face close to Sherlock. “All the data show you’re an unfuckable, unloveable asshole.”
On screen, She-lock continues down the line of queens to find his next reading victim.
Sherlock closes his eyes and mumbles in a mixture of Russian, Mandarin and Serbian he picked up in the past couple of years. Always does the trick with these sessions.
One king-sized bed.
“What?” Jonathan says, frowning.
John rolls his eyes.
“Speaking of blowing covers,” Sherlock says, “shouldn’t you be looking a bit more… mournful?”
And now for the dag-cabulary:
“Wearing each other’s clothes in private, eh?” She winks. “Oh, I’ve seen a thing or two in my day. My husband used to wear my …”
, John thinks.
And a necklace.
“Don’t be absurd,” John says. “We’ll both sleep in this bed. You’re not a snorer, are you?”
You know. Between mates. To show him how it’s done.
Sherlock seems to pale. Out of nowhere a butler appears, in one hand a tray with appetizers, in the other a champagne bottle.
“You’ll catch a cold.” John grabs a stethoscope, as if that’ll do him any good. Does she even
“The real vicar. I… Locked him up. I thought I could do this but I can’t, Mycroft.”
Sherlock stares at him in confusion, silently.
“Because, Sherlock Holmes, you lovely, posh, amazing madman. I am not Victor Trevor. I am John Watson, and I am madly and irrevocably in love with you.”
, he stores the information away.
“What?” Phi Phi snorts.
John wraps his arm around Sherlock, puts a steady hand on Sherlock’s beating heart, and closes his eyes.
“David Beckham, great, I can work with that,” Tan says excitedly, and starts walking around the store, grabbing suit jackets here and there.
In the living room, it’s pure chaos. Jonathan and Bobby are jumping on the sofa, while Antoni is staring at the bison skull with headphones.
, for christ’s sake.
“Maybe after this is over, we can go for a drink together,” she suddenly says.
Alyssa Edwards.
“It’s all very straightforward, sir. Just step up here and whip your cape all over the mechanics so the audience doesn’t see it when you rise. The fabric is the same as your costume’s, so it creates the illusion of a huge skirt that grows as you rise into the air. When you’re inside, just use your back to press on that lever over there, so it closes you in around your waist. Only when the bars are closed properly, the lift will start to rise.”
“We're supposed to be talking in character,
“I was focused too much on your face,” She-lock says. “I didn’t think… I didn’t think!”
“Did you… did you drug me?” Jonathan asks Sherlock, disbelieving.
John sucks in his breath. Did a celebrity just ask him out on a date?
“Great deduction, Sherlock. Have you considered detective work?”
It was, however,
“Do you…
“I do?”
“I know you used to be a drag queen,” Sherlock says, indulging in Wiggins’ shocked expression. “I saw the old photographs on the bathroom wall of the Trapeze Bar.”
John glances at him. He should act more professionally. They’re here on behalf of the Queen, after all.
“Yes, I hear you have a baby girl, John? Where is she?” Karamo asks.
“Why did you decide to become a doctor?”
He pushes himself up as well, so they’re almost touching nude shoulders, but not quite.
When John returns to his room, after providing a thousand sound bites for the production team, there’s something lying on his bed. He approaches it carefully, then freezes. It’s a monitor, with a bow tie around it, like a gift.
“Bill Wiggins,” Sherlock nods at him.
“Good,” John says. He softly licks Sherlock’s upper lip, like a question. Sherlock opens his mouth and suddenly, their tongues meet. Holy shit. It’s nearly too much - it’s nearly indecent - and John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist and almost
John stares at his arm. It saved his life, today. Twice.
Sherlock starts moving his lips again, but his heart is not in it anymore. He keeps looking up, while he should be looking down at Glinda and the guards - played by members of the actual ensemble.
“No. Mycroft called me yesterday with updates. We’re close. Everything is under control,” Sherlock says, folding his hands in front of his face. He looks up at John.
They clink glasses.
has thrown me some rather murderous looks so far.”
? I can’t protect him like this, John. If I’m prancing around singing musical numbers while Wilson gets slaughtered on television, how do you think that will look? What hashtags will they come up with then?”
Carefully, She-lock makes John’s right eye emerge. She takes another wipe. She thinks about John coming to her hotel room, about telling him about her childhood, watching him fall asleep.
“I’m a doctor!”
Sherlock pulls himself up behind him, Belstaff flapping in the wind, curls unruly, pale as a sheet - looking straight out of a vampire novel. Sherlock throws the gadget case and the bag away, into a French field. Then he turns to John, panting, with something close to pure panic in his eyes.
John swallows hard, and focuses on contorting the other way.
“Blood?”
“You were trained in the Queen’s army, in St Bart’s, in Afghanistan, and that one bootcamp in France due to budget cuts. Were you not?”
She-lock brings a finger to her lips - so… remarkably plush - and John nods. They shouldn’t make a sound as to not let their presence known. The balconies are separated by black panels, but clearly not soundproof.
!” Passing families throw him concerned looks. “Nevermind. Just… get me, you know. To the dragon. Into the mountain.”
Sherlock moves very close to him, towering over him. “I mean,” he says, voice rumbling. “Will you suck a cock for the chance at your own talk show?”
John walks around the table and positions himself behind Sherlock, who sits unmoving. He hooks a shaky finger behind the silk, and pulls it lower and lower, slowly unveiling Sherlock’s tense shoulders. Sherlock lets him.
“It’s for the best,” Sherlock says.
“... and the tears of drag queens seeping through the cracks. I had a lot of tic tac lunches in here, it makes me shiver just thinking about it. But thank the dear old Lord I still smell fresh because of some moisty sponges Monét X Change left in this box. Bring me back!”
“Yes”, Sebastian says. “Trust no-one.”
“No,” he tells Sharon. “It was mutually assured destruction.”
In which Victor touches Sherlock under the table, and John notices. It's awkward.
He stretches a bit, while She-lock sits on the edge of the bed. “I’m sure you have plenty of people to…” John swallows. “Kai kai with. You know, friends.”
“At camp, for example, I admired my slightly older, muscled leaders in ways that are not very heterosexual. I would compare boners with friends, sometimes, and the thought alone was… well, fodder. You know how it is. And later, in the army…”
The producer pushes Jonathan Wilson closer to the worst witches, and claps her hands.
Tan reaches inside. “And checkered shirts.” He turns around, holding a dark green one. “John! Are you secretly a depressed lesbian?”
“You didn’t talk to him.”
But John is gawking at their surroundings. Everywhere, there are familiar faces seated at large white tables. Though some people are here for Wilson, it’s mostly John and Sherlock’s friends and family. It’s like getting stabbed in the heart. Molly, Lestrade, John’s cousins. His public rejection - for all of them to see.
“I noticed you were looking at that Bible. Is that it? Were you raised in the suffocating Church?”
Sherlock glances back, at John's crotch, eyes flashing with a mixture of pure, dripping horniness and a hint of fear.
When he returns, everyone is already seated on the table.
Under the watchful - scornful - gaze of Mycroft, he approaches John and sits down in the pew next to him, not even looking at him.
“I’ll sleep on the sofa then!” John yells, exasperated. “Just come back upstairs, you utter madman.”
“Your makeup technique is terrible, John.”
A young, male correspondent blinks dazedly.
John leaves the confessional box, and opens the curtain to reveal Sherlock. He rips off Sherlock’s fake beard, then stares at the hair in his hand and turns around, whirls the beard away and kicks a chair to the floor.
“Shit, Sherlock,” Lestrade says.
Is this some sort of gay awakening? Finding yourself good-looking?
“He would come onto me. We would have sex. But afterwards, he’d always pretend like nothing happened”, Sherlock says. His voice is small, his face unusually open. He puts his hand on John's, and traces a path along his fingers. Absentmindedly, suggestively.
“I think I’m calling Mycroft.”
Must be mummy’s choice.
To his surprise, Sherlock repeats it to Jonathan, who laughs.
But quickly, Sherlock resumes not eating, keeping his hands around his fork and knife, making cutting remarks. After dinner, Jonathan Wilson goes on two seperate ‘dessert dates’, one with David and one with Magnussen. Sherlock disappears, and John wanders around the hotel for a while, tries to type a blog post, avoids Twitter.
particular challenge.
John looks at Sherlock and Jonathan, riding close together. Jonathan is whispering in Sherlock’s ear. His curls are waving in the wind. Sunlight is falling on his face, or, in a way, it is shining from it. He does. Seem happy. John supposes.
But Sherlock is already running to John. He frantically touches John’s legs to feel for a wound. Panicky, Sherlock searches every area of John’s calves, knees, thighs. The touches make John’s eyes watery once more. He means to say: there is a wound. There are many wounds.
Quite a simple case, really. Not worth their time.
John’s cock twitches. There is a tiny drop of precome on its head, happy with anticipation.
On the other side of John, the curly-haired woman sits down. She smiles at John and leans slightly forward, allowing a look into her… full house, in the front of her dress. John averts his eyes.
“If I don’t mind what?”
Something dark runs across She-lock’s eyes. “Friends? I don’t have friends.”
Wiggins laughs. “Shouldn’t you be leaving the country instead?”
“It’s fine, John. It’s just the way it is. Odd Sherlock became odd She-lock. People don’t ‘like’ me. And especially after RuPaul’s Drag Race UK aired, I got the Phi Phi treatment by fans and queers all over the world. The press was vicious - especially that Kitty… girl. Kitty Riley. Nobody wanted to even... touch me.”
Victor doesn't take his eyes off Sherlock. “I've read it with quite some interest.”
” John says. It seems the man can’t wrap his head around it.
John stares. Those long, beautiful fingers. How can anyone act like being touched by this beautiful, extraordinary man
“Oh, what’s it like in your tiny little brains? Must be so relaxing,” She-lock says. “Let’s talk about the elephant in the room. Yes, her boobs. Now, look at them! The size is off by at least two inches. Sure, it’s been hard to keep track of. Michelle hasn’t taken her shirt off since season three. But nevertheless, we’ve gotten some... small…. glimpses… Just look! Really look!”
John quirks his eyebrows.
“Every spy needs a... satisfying ride,” Mycroft’s secretary says as she leads Sherlock and John to the agency’s garage.
Sherlock weighs his options. Working together with Moriarty and Mary? The thought alone repels him. But he glances at his own body, sitting miserably nearby. John. He deserves to be returned to his rightful… palace. Absentmindedly, Sherlock rubs John’s chest. He’ll miss this. Seeing this in the morning, in bed. Granted, not next to him. But… closer. More intimate.
John frowns. Sherlock hasn't ever expressed any interest in bodies that don't have rigor mortis, and prefers the smell of decay over perfume. There
John is tense as a bloodhound. He’s staring into the bright lights, eyeing the T-shaped stage with fear, and turns to her.
“We shouldn’t be drinking on the case, really,” he says. “You could be in mortal danger.”
And anyway, these boys are too distracted to notice he’s not looking at the tea.
Sherlock’s heart halts.
“Please,” Sherlock’s voice falters.
Next to John, Dimmock snorts. “Brooke Lynn Hytes is Vanessa Vanjie Matteo’s ex,” he explains. “They met while competing on Drag Race together.”
“The soldier maps out the territory,” Sholto yells in John’s face.
“You killed Moriarty,” she says, studying the gun.
On her left, Jinkx makes an odd sound. “Did I miss anything?” she asks, sleepily. “Oh, hi Brooke Lynn!”
“I think I prefer Mycroft’s sword gun umbrella,” Sherlock says.
“Any news, John?” Lestrade asks.
“It’s not a consult for me,” Irene says. “It’s for you.”
“What?” John startles. “You’re not seriously suggesting we do it here, where anyone could walk in at any sec-”
“Not the money, he's a surgeon, remember,” Sherlock says. “No gambling debts, no family members in trouble, he's entirely clean. So. Perhaps they somehow tricked him into this, made him sign a contract, and now he's trying to get out of it. There's nothing quite like death threats to get out of something tedious.”
“Holmes-Watson,” the woman says, with as much sugar as she can still muster. “You’re in the Sleeping Beauty suite.”
“Well, I don't know if I want your ballsack papers, Sherlock”, John jokes, but Sherlock doesn't laugh. He flips through the pages. They're numbers, followed by more numbers.
In that instant, Sherlock presses his mouth onto John’s. And the world, the case, the flower, everything wilts in comparison to it. John’s hands stay frozen mid-air. That Sherlock should realise his love, at this crucial point in the case - John can’t believe his luck. But of course, that’s how it should happen. Within the thrill of the chase, blood pumping through their veins. He lets Sherlock’s angelic lips wash over him and press into his mouth. He lets Sherlock reach up his hand and put it on his neck, caress it, while Sherlock pushes his bottom lip against John’s upper lip. No tongues. Just soft, moving lips, speaking unheard words together, a confession long overdue.
“John,” Sherlock suddenly says, in a serious tone. “I must once again apologise for the leaked pictures. If I had known…”
“Look closely, John.” Sherlock says, not even opening his eyes, or moving, just straining against the door so hard that John is worried it might fly open and scatter the detective across the London streets.
“It really is,” John replies.
“But before we make our decision,” Ru continues. “I have to ask all of you ladies on the runway… Who deserves to go home tonight?”
“... But I’ve replaced them with pictures of you, Sherlock, and Rosie, so you can hold onto those amazing memories you’ve already created.”
Dimmock instantly lights up. “I won’t let you down, Jinkx,” he says. “I can do the splits.”
Which means: Sherlock is staring at his own arse. Does it… Does it always look like that? Is
-A Monique Heart cartwheel: a (charmingly) failed cartwheel
“Sorry, how did you know…?”
It’s not like he’s had time to properly think about this. What it all means. But surely, Sherlock must have felt it, too? Last night wasn’t just a thing between mates. It was puzzle pieces accidentally falling into each other, creating a perfect picture together. It was unlike anything John has ever experienced.
With an indifferent nod in the direction of the kitchen table, Sherlock directs him to the threatening note. Lestrade grabs it and puts it inside a see-through bag.
He allows John to move his hands across his body, feels John open his robe, impatient fingers tracing the edges of the cloth where Sherlock’s skin sears with each touch.
Indeed, god has deserted them all. She-lock looks over at Watson - pardon:
“The library is closed for today,” Ru says, still giggling while regarding the Absolut All Stars one by one. “That was brutal.”
“Well, technically…” John starts.
Still
right now. They have lyrics to learn, and a dance class to attend. Quickly, she takes a look at the chorus.
“What?” Sherlock pauses. Did John just… Ask to sleep with him? Or did he demonstrate his knowledge of the French phrase - to lure women? Did he have a French girlfriend when he was younger? (Is he very good at French kissing?)
Sherlock hasn't touched his tea. He looks like he wants to say something, but John stops him.
“You were… What? We were
It’s the hipster assistant, the one who wears beanies indoors. He’s carrying a white shirt and a pair of black pants.
-zap-
“No you didn’t.”
“Why would he do that?”
He swallows, removes his shoes and carefully positions himself on top of John.
Sherlock raises his head from the table.
Like a soldier about to be executed.
Sherlock tenses.
“Hi there,” the queen says, hands behind her back.
“Are you paying tribute to Adore Delano?” Michelle Visage asks.
“You’re right,” John angrily says, standing back up from his chair. “Take your ridiculous wig and beard and get out of here before Mrs Hudson comes back from Tesco’s. We don’t want to scare her to death.”
“What could
“I’ve been struggling with forbidden feelings.”
The only thing missing, is the Belstaff.
, definitely.
“I was inspired for this by my days growing up as a little girl in 1943,” Jinkx says, smiling.
To those who did catch the references: were there any unfair eliminations I missed? Queens who were booted too early, and it still makes you close your fist angrily? I might add them to the chapter ;)
Not about penises, not about Sherlock’s penis - which the Woman definitely did not see. John is definitely, definitely almost certain of it.
On the way back to London, Sherlock is eerily quiet.
“...And no one will ever convince me that you told me a lie…”
“A playwright? That's impressive. I'm so excited to meet a writer,” Jonathan says, shaking his hand. “I could barely form two sentences without confusing
Sherlock is writhing around John's finger, pushing back a little himself. After a few minutes of pumping in and out of Sherlock, he adds another finger. “Yes”, Sherlock groans. “Victor would twist his fingers inside of me, roughly, telling me how beautiful I was.”
That feels… Sherlock bites his bottom lip. Very much
“No, Sherlock, I’d like to open this. I just find it odd that it’s closed, that’s all. Right?”
“But that was exciting, wasn’t it?” She winks.
“I’m good, thanks. Not, eh, showing my hand yet,” John says as the woman next to him writes her number on his arm with lipstick.
- oh, delightful.
“Explosion?” Antoni asks, paling even more.
“It’s how he’ll see it. It’s too late. You need to wrap this up cleanly, and let him grieve. If you tell him you’re alive, Moriarty’s men will kill him. If you take him with you, you’ll both die. It’s that simple. We talked about this.”
Irene rubs the drawing’s testicles.
“I feel about as numb as my cock.”
‘See You Soon’ by Coldplay.
John plucks a petal. It’s a half-hearted, old-fashioned, nostalgic gesture. When he was a child, playing with Harry, they would pluck flowers.
”, John corrects him. He smiles wryly and quickly pinches Sherlock's other leg as if to say:
He is not sorry.
Sherlock did ask him for blowjob lessons this morning. And even if he played it off as ‘body just being transport’, John knows him too well to really buy into that. When Sherlock kissed Jonathan in the jacuzzi, there was real emotion on his face, it was more than just pretending for telly. This can’t be about double-crossing a wanker like David. Jonathan Wilson has touched a nerve in Sherlock, awakened a longing of sorts, and Sherlock would clearly like to explore that - safely.
“... After a long night of hooking,” Katya says. “But I like it. For the right price.”
On screen, Mycroft sighs. “I worry about him. Constantly. He has the brain of a philosopher and a scientist, yet he elects to be a drag queen.”
let him pop your cherry. It might make you less uptight.”
He - No. John corrects himself:
“Oh.”
When John hears Vanjie yelling that they found a body, he immediately goes into soldier mode. He jumps up, ready to run.
Soju, of course. It’s our guest judges Trixie and Katya!”
“Lube?” He says.
Because that’s how Sherlock acts around people who love him and try to protect him, John realises. He pushes them away, with sarcasm, with acting cold and disinterested, or acting out dramatically. Like slapping someone. And John had been thoughtless.
He pushes back into Sherlock’s fingers, by way of apology. He’s grateful for his two and a half
“It’s
oh lord -
“Sherlock,” John mumbles almost imperceptibly, sniffing the body’s wrist with dramatic flair.
“Of course I’m wearing deodorant. What about it?”
Thank you so much for reading. I'd love to hear what you think <3
“... So, in short, it’s time to return to the most important case of them all: the case of Sherlock’s heart,” Mary says. “Or will it be John’s or David’s?”
“Well, you have a lot of work cut out for you,” Ru says, smiling. “I’ll leave you to it. Break a leg! Not literally.”
“That’s on Mrs Hudson, she’s the one who cleans…”
. The shark teeth -
What’s he on about?
, John hears Sarah say quietly.
Sherlock turns toward John, eyes questioning. “I haven’t ever given a massage before.”
The chapter title is a reference to the amazing French movie 'Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain'.
“That’s not what I mean. Do you like her personality?”
Sherlock pouts. John even waives his wafer? He must be really hurting.
John takes off his trousers, revealing his tight pants.
Next and last chapter will be posted on Monday. I'll be sad to let this go! But it's time for the big ruveal...
But then, John uncovers a large, very strong magnet. He points it in the direction the darts were coming earlier. With a loud clang, a large tranquilizer gun gets sucked against it.
John looks at the Bible on the nightstand. He walks toward it, leaning very close to She-lock’s soft face to take the book away.
“You’re safe. You may leave the runway. That means Jinkx and She-lock, condragulations, you’re the winners of this challenge. She-lock, you win a cruise. Jinkx, you win… a pair of suitcases. Yes, only one cruise. Al and Chuck are divorcing, honey.”
She-lock shuts her jaws and retreats, walking toward the balcony. She doesn’t bother to close her dressing gown, though, as she steps outside and looks over the city lights.
When John opens the door, he can’t believe it.
Right. Jonathan likes puns.
“Nothing,” she says as she holds up the right shoe. “These are six inches. I hope you can handle it.”
this wine? Was it out of date?
Smartass.
Sherlock, however, licks his lips. “The game, John,” he hisses.
“Deeper?” John eyes the Bible next to the bed, containing the recording advice.
“How is Wiggins?” John asks.
John looks back, just in time to see Moriarty throw a tiny remote control into the piranhas aquarium.
“And the winner of the mini-challenge is….”
hand. It’s John’s. Sherlock’s brain. John’s body.
John’s balls contract, and he can’t stop himself, the second it builds it’s already too late. He comes hard inside Sherlock’s mouth. Even though John’s eyes are already closed, he still sees stars as he braces his shaking legs against wave after wave after wave. Sherlock keeps swallowing, lips tight around his cock, until finally, John stills, out of breath.
You couldn’t get out of the army part, as that’s how you lot were introduced; but you want to hide your doctor part. Why? Fascinating.”
The right corner of Sherlock’s mouth moves upwards. A glint in his eye. “Can you show me how to do it?”
Mycroft glares disapprovingly but patiently. The television set is dripping, but working.
“It’s a surprise,” he smiles into the camera. “But I plan to show him an eyeful.”
John scrapes his throat. Christ, what’s going on here?
“Finally, you're asking the right questions,” Sherlock interrupts. “I have looked into this Jonathan Wilson and he seems to be a decent man. Heart surgeon, so he's busy. Never married, clean records, rather goodlooking. A real catch. So why would he go on a television dating show?”
So someone else then. Maybe Mrs Hudson got her hands on it, and brought it home, as some sort of… gift? A sombre keepsake. Maybe she found it in a charity shop.
“Top of the mourning,” he greets an elderly aunt in passing.
“Fair,” John admits. “But that was a police approved decision. And Sherlock did tell you eventually.”
The space suddenly feels so much more confined.
“Do you think Sherlock’s actually into John?” Bobby asks, a bit unsure. “There’s now… only one bed.”
“Yes.”
A cold case! A woman completely drained of blood! Is it Christmas?
Is she
He watches as a young, boyish-looking man steps up to RuPaul, presenter of this quite peculiar reality show. Ru and seven contestants are standing in a hideous pink room filled with tables, wigs and dresses.
“I shared the whiskey truffles ‘round at work.  Sally has a taste for them.”  Greg’s tone changed, “Had to distract my team.  They know something is up. You bein’ gone, and me going home to an empty house.  I’m not that good of an actor.
The door remained black, the brass knocker just a hint off-kilter. No notice in sight told of the presence of the Holmes-Watson Agency. There was noise next door from Mrs. Turner’s, where she was having the upstairs flat re-plastered.
Mycroft was unavailable, and so Sherlock had talked Bert Tran into skiving off when he should have been studying.  And now Sherlock, Bert, Miranda, and Rosalind were heading for the zoo as soon as the rats were taken care of.
Then there were the other mainstays who traded off with her on days spent, sketching, thinking, occasionally standing and moving a folding chair or circling the piece to wonder at a bit previously hidden from view.  The tall one was transitioning, and chose high-heels to rock back and forth as they stared until Miranda thought their eyes would dry out, then focus on the spiral bound sketch book to transfer all that they’d learned in their fanatical examination.
The Hoodie man grunted at him, looking away, and stomped back along the aisle toward the back, swaying a bit as he went.
These are all real books.  Check them out!
“Oh, Siger.  Back then, your Daddy and I were friends, not partners.  Well, business partners, but not romantic ones. He was dating women.  Quite a lot of women, actually.  And I was not dating anyone,” Sherlock reminisced calmly, his long, slender hands lying relaxed on the blue book in his lap.  “Never was interested in dating.  Not like others do.  Your Daddy said, ‘No, it wasn't. At least he hoped not.’”
Greg looked at John.  “Well, we’ve got Siger’s Christmas gift sorted, then.  You okay with it?”
= "Is that lunch, my heart?"
“It’s a tradition, Sherlock, not an experiment,” John said as he set up the ladder, making certain that the legs were locked.  He turned to look at his son, who was wearing a Christmas jumper that Sherlock had bought.  It was, therefore, lovely, highlighted Siger’s hair and colouring, and cost more than the entire outfit that John had worn to work today.  Siger’s trousers matched Sherlock’s black tailored set, though John knew well that he would never see Sherlock Holmes in a Christmas jumper.  Instead, the taller man was wearing a burgundy button down that looked incredibly handsome on his spouse.
Daddy was waiting on the stoop for them, and after bringing the pram inside, he helped carry Miri upstairs, while
And Cuddles would use the knife to take off precious tiny bits at a surgical slice. The cleaver to break bones.  The drill to make insertions. Taking his time, of course, ‘cause “all good things take the proper amount of time” as Jim Moriarty used to say.  Cuddles liked to use the knife.  It got his blood running, as he had told Jim Moriarty.  That was when Jim Moriarty started calling him “Cuddles”.
The brown paper had been shredded by the time
“Se iss,” Siger searched for a word, “Meowin’.”
Siger had gotten his “ar” down now, and Uncle Mycroft was immensely pleased at this. But now Siger was also noticing how his father and his father’s brother interacted.
Sherlock hoped that Siger’s verbal development would move along from the lisp because at this point he was finding it both adorable and deplorable.  Ever the devil’s advocate he asked, “If Siger is ‘Sweet’, and Rosalind is ‘Love’, then what is Miranda to be?”
” he told him, and climbed up on his
I have a friend who has a pet peeve about this being a shorter day.  Because the "day" itself is still 24 hours give or take, and is not longer or shorter, even if we have more or less daylight or darkness.
And then
“For heaven’s sake, John, he’s not an idiot.  He’s perfectly capable of watching a match with you and Lestrade,” Sherlock had said as he pulled on the tan leather gloves he was currently wearing with his black Belstrade coat.
The water closet called.  Fiercely.  And so he left examination of the cardboard cartons, ostensibly packed with cement, until after he paid heed to that call.
to check it.”
Sherlock could not see what, exactly, was sheeplike about the pink leotard. He’d learned to wait to ask about these things, because the answers were often long, rambling, and not even close to actual logic.  What he did ask was, “And what is Rosalind?”
Also, I see that there are some new tags!  Wow!
Mrs. Hudson took her place and picked up a neatly-made chicken salad sandwich.  She never took the time to indulge herself in creating chicken salad with red grapes, cut celery, and pecans.  She’d gotten fond of pecans in her time in the southern United States, and preferred them over the more common walnuts.  Much as she loved baking, making casseroles, and feeding her tenants, chicken salad was one of those items she preferred to hire out for.
For now, Mycroft was settling himself by going through the basic actions that Anthea had taken before notifying him of the crash and explosion.  Satisfactory.  Anthea was always satisfactory.
“Yes!  Miss Miranda and Miss Rosalind are my little sisters, Mr. Phillips!” Siger said excitedly.  “And they got mail?”  Turning to look at Mrs. Hudson he asked, “May I help Miri and Ross open their letters?”
What did these men want?  For they were men, not a woman in the bunch.  If they’d planned on Ross, surely they’d have thought to have a woman to handle the baby. Unless they expected John to do it.  Or hadn’t thought at all.  What was it Sherlock said so very often?  “The criminal classes these days,” before making that disgusted sound in the back of his throat.
What Siger saw was a small pile of wood.  He observed that it was wet, and it wasn’t the type of wood that
“But didn’t I hear you tell your sisters that angels say, ‘Fear not’?” Sherlock could not stop himself from asking.
“What is? John asked as he set the kettle to boil.
“It’s an experiment, John,” Sherlock told him with exasperation, “We need to follow it through to the conclusion.”
Greg Lestrade had watched every version of
“Do you really think it would be wise to expose Sherlock to Adler again?” Mycroft Holmes asked blandly. “Really, John, I thought you would jump at the chance to keep them apart.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Siger,” his
“Behind me, Dad.  Look!  Mr. Chatterjee gave us some pots for the garden!” Siger’s face shone with excitement under his halo of red curls.  “Will we plant some medicinal herbs?  Like for Mrs. Hudson’s soothers?”
from the side with big eyes, fists stuffed into their mouths.  Siger was sitting on
“No, actually, Sherlock thinks this whole thing has nothing to do with either of us.  Unexpected, I know.  He’s going to find out exactly who did it, and why.  Though he says it’s mostly likely only a two. Tedious.  Yes.
I'm fond of A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens.  If you have not read it, and given free rein to your imagination on what happens to the main character in the story, please find time to do so.
By the next day Alice Brown had called off sick.  Mrs. Hudson was in bed with a hot toddy and her soaps.  Bert was helping with Siger, while washing his hands obsessively.  That didn’t help much, as the next day Bert was down with the bug.  The medical student holed up in his room with a kettle, his video games, and a plastic bin lined with a Tescos’ bag.  His last act before informing Sherlock of his self-imposed isolation was to put a sign on the door.  “Closed ‘til further notice”.
Will counted himself very lucky when the coppers got the drop on the rest of the gang.  Not that he’d turned them in.  Nobody could prove that he did either.  That burner phone was in the Thames.
John straightened his back, listening to it creak.  “Will you please photograph their experiment, and then we’ll see to clearing it up.”
left the fairy lights on when he went down the steps.  Daddy and Ross were sleeping in the bedroom downstairs, and
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock tossed the officer the ring of extra keys.  “We’ll let you know where we’re staying.  You’ll need us to sign the statements, correct?”
The keycard opened the lock with a thunk, and John pushed the solid wooden door open.  Grapefruit cleaning solution, his nose told him. Every room was tidy, though the space did look lived in.  It was not, however, strewn with books, toys, experiments or skulls.
Siger nodded sharply, causing the golden circlet to slide down over his forehead.  “Yes! Fear not! But you must go!”
Reaching down to run his fingers through the greying blond hair, Sherlock asked, “Is this one of those scenarios where we pack up the children, and move to the cottage in Sussex?  Because that’s hardly secluded anymore.  Even if we started building a wall now.”
Dreadful.  Still, it left Mycroft some time to examine other offerings while Miri was distracted.
This was a minefield.  Stepping carefully, John told his children, “Your
John sighed.  “All the time.  Still.  If not for my crazy man, none of this would have happened.  He’s worth it, Harry.  He and the kids.”
Gregory Lestrade switched off his mobile, and returned to the paperwork demanding his attention with a refreshed spirit.
“Rosalind,” Mycroft lifted her up, “I think that you might like this yellow outfit over here.”  He carried her over to the tiny mannequin dressed in a plush buttercup yellow dress.
Sherlock blinked up at John.  “What is the significance?”
“What are my options?  This is not my area.”  Here in the Mind Palace it was allowed for Sherlock to be helpless.
“I shoot, and you stare at me? Is that it?” John did not sound enthusiastic.
John Watson was, by and large, a patient man.  He was very good at being active.  He was not someone who could sit out and wait for others to do a job of work.  Finally clearing his throat loudly, he announced, “I had thought we could go to the garden centre and speak to them about what would work best.”
John was quite onboard with that.  He was reading a book that Jack Watson and Mary Morstan had sent the children.  Only one chapter tonight!
Miri and Ross clutched their bees tightly to their bosoms, but some of the tenseness went out of them.  It was not long before they had fallen asleep.  Siger was holding his bee, examining it carefully, as though committing each aspect of it to memory.
to play that bit again, and flew around the room buzzing like a bee in time with the music.  Then
“I am better,” Siger said, still husky with the flu.  “What are you looking at?”
Hard work, but over relatively quickly, as the infant girls were both born within the next twenty minutes.  Not very different from the delivery of all those babies at the Initiative, Sherlock mused, except for one thing.  These were John Watson’s blood and bone.  To Sherlock they were as precious as Siger had been.
Seated;in a cane bottomed rocking chair, a sniffling Ross, leaned over a nappy covered shoulder, Harry smiled at her brother.  “Not one for brandy sauce right now anyway.  Life is good, eh?”  She rubbed circles on the little girl’s back.
Sherlock was heading at last for the loo when he heard an awful noise, and then Siger’s voice, “Oh, Miri!  Pere, Miri’s thrown up!”
Where had the time gone? If Sherlock was at all sentimental, he would have said that his son had grown in the blink of an eye.  But Sherlock was not sentimental, and he would have to allow John to make that statement instead.
“I accept both of your apologies for the lying. Know that I have objections to the makeup as well.”  Then relenting he added slightly louder and with more inflection, “The lying was the most objectionable.  You know when you are allowed to lie.  This was not one of those times.”
In the taxi, on the way home to Baker Street John told his partner, “Please don’t tell Siger that Uncle Greg arrested Father Christmas tonight.  Please?”
A taxi transported three wildly excited children and their parents, all to Mycroft’s “flat”, where they were welcomed by a rather large group of individuals. Aunty Harriet was already there.  Siger was overjoyed to discover cousins Em and Danny were jumping about behind Uncle Greg while waiting for Siger to take off his coat for Uncle Mycroft to hang up in the coat closet.
Sherlock was pleased that there was no need to kiss anyone else’s children.  He was well aware of the unsanitary aspects involved in the practice.
“And well mannered too,” said Ben, as he knelt to gather up bits of plastic twine and needle clumps.
“Emergency?” Miri asked, then, “Daddy and
“Charles will take them up to your rooms,” Anna told him.  “Children would you like some hot chocolate before going to your bedroom?”
It was quiet.  Sherlock Holmes observed that he was alone in bed.  Granted, he had the entirety of the bedclothes wrapped about his body, which left John’s side of the queen-sized mattress denuded and cold.  Blinking, he perceived that his transport was rested, despite only four hours of the eight that John insisted were necessary.
“Acceptable,” Sherlock told him.
snorted before saying, “For the type of dance club that we will be looking into, your father is dressed perfectly ordinarily.”
Seb’s directions to the flunky flowed coolly past Tony’s bored speculation on the contents of the liquor cabinet.  Then, “Wake up, Anthony.  Make certain the boy understands his homework.  I’ll see you both at the dinner table.”
.  There were no complaints from Siger, who pulled his plushy violin close when John tucked him in.  Miri and Ross were already asleep and snoring gently as John checked the nursery monitor, flipped the light switch, and closed the nursery door gently.
had been a mistake, and that was sitting on the shelf, long unread.  John had not attempted any of the more recent books by Tolkien’s son.
told him that they hid their pirate treasures where the sisters could not find them.  Until their sisters were ready to join the pirate band.  Miranda was cooing at her bear.  She sounded just like the pigeons at the park, Siger thought.
very much.  The second question was, “It is a person’s body?”  Because it was alright to examine the dead animals that
Mycroft leaned back in the creaking chair, “Picture me down in the wine-cellar, desperate for privacy in speaking with you.”
John had to shout to be heard by the balloon’s operator, a stick thin man with his hand on the blower.  “Will we catch up to him?”
John was beginning to gather what was going on.  At the look of horror on Siger’s face - unusual, as Siger was usually the first to offer to be the dead body, or subject of an experiment - John raised his hand.  “Alright.  I’m your man.”
John has an idea about gifts.  And a new and different outlook on Mycroft and Greg.
“Dulce Domum” appeared, of course.  It was just a chapter in
John Watson marveled at how tall his son had grown, how he’d matured.  Smoothing those red curls from his boy’s forehead, he told his firstborn, “I am extremely proud of you, Siger.  You don’t have to go to uni, or create a magnum opus for that.  A kiss followed on the high brow.
“Well,” John gave it up for a bad deal.  “He said you told him a poem last summer.  About having to sleep by day.”
“Woss,” Siger truly did try the ‘ar’, but it was beyond him at the moment.
," Siger went back to telling Ross and Miri, “sits on a big wooden chair.  It has a red soft cushion, just like his clothes.  If we are good, then we can sit on
Except, of course for Siger.  And her cousins, Daniel and Emma.  And that was not so much bullying, as ensuring that Rosalind’s head did not swell too much.
Mycroft Holmes did not often “lie in”.  This morning he had been on the mobile with Anthea before anyone else in this benighted and turbulent pile of stone was awake.  Gregory, by now used to his partner typing in bed, stirred, patted Mycroft’s leg through the covers, and then turned over and went back to sleep.  Time enough when he was truly awake to let him know the events of the early morning, and that Guillame was safe. And Siger, Miranda, Rosalind, Sherlock and John, of course.
Chattering adults - Greg and his sister, Emma and Daniel’s parents, and an older family friend who was the cousins’ caretaker during the week, followed along, shifting infants from person to person, amid exclamations over the Christmas dresses, and John’s traditional ugly Christmas sweater.  Canapes and drinks were served by hired staff.  Sherlock whispered to John, pointing out their secrets.
The silence, and then John’s stormy expression caused the wheels to turn under Sherlock’s ebony coloured locks.  “Thank you for picking them up,” his distinctive voice was careful as he said, “Though I am not surprised that the local law enforcement would make such a ridiculous error, I am sorry you ended up cuffed in the dirt, John.”
“Yeah, thanks for that,” John groused exaggeratedly as he took the seat offered.
“Oh, lovely,”
“Brown’s?” Mycroft offered.
“Well, in the Summer, we’re closer to the sun, and so it gets hotter.  In Winter we’re farther away, and it gets colder.  And darker.  So tonight will be a long night, with darkness early.  But after today the nights will get shorter.  Do you remember when you had to go to bed last summer, and it was still light outside?  That was because we were close to the Summer Solstice, and the daylight was with us longer.”
“So polite, Mycroft.  What do you need?  John isn’t back from church yet.  You should know that.”
doesn’t use it.”
“Tea, John,” the prone detective directed.
“Okay,
“Siger didn’t demand older brother privilege?” John asked, putting the plate of bland pasta down on the side table.
Eyes twinkling, Mycroft told him, “Six months.”
Hysterical laughter would about do it, he thought.  That and “What must those children’s mothers look like?”  He hadn’t realized he’d said it out loud until he heard Sherlock give his bark of an angry laugh.  More tears leaked out of Miri’s eyes and dribbled down over her cheek.
“Practice, brother mine,” Mycroft raised an eyebrow.   Turning to John he said, “I came to offer the use of the family house in Scotland.  I will be relocating there with the children, and thought that homeschooling would be more enjoyable with Siger, Miranda, and Rosalind as well.”
“You’re very welcome,” he said back, moving his fingers quickly to say the same in sign.
‘Now just a minute, Sherlock,” John said, though he had known this was the case.
Andre Rieu, Christmas Around the World.  https://www.amazon.com/Andre-Rieu-Christmas-Around-World/dp/B000I2J7YA/ref=sr_1_1?s=movies-tv&ie=UTF8&qid=1481740174&sr=8-1&keywords=christmas+concert+dvd+violin
“No idea. I have the milk - it’s hostage as well. JW” Leaning forward he tapped on the window, and when it was opened asked, “I have a gallon of milk here, Declan. Should I take that in with?”
Siger could not remember so many packages arriving at two hundred twenty one with his name on them.  The excitement took him and ran him up and down the steps to the nursery, in and out of the kitchen, and through the sitting area, and out to the landing to look over the baby gate, waiting for his parents to come home.  The package was sitting down below on the table in the foyer.  It was a brown paper package, and although it was not tied up with strings, it was sealed with clear tape.  Clearly a box of some type, it was the perfect size for Siger to open.
“Sure,” Daniel shrugged before biting into his enormous ham, cress, and cheese sandwich, “Everybody put a rainbow in their windows. My class at school sent me pictures.
John’s mouth opened again, only to be cut off by Sherlock, “You are not to treat Mrs. Hudson as a servant, Mycroft.  She’s not your housekeeper!”
experiments.  Folding down the duvet, he slid his narrow feet into slippers placed exactly next to his bed and padded to the door to hold his hand next to the painted wood.  No heat.
John, looking up from his laptop said, “No shorts.”
Ross laughed out loud when Mycroft gasped and mimed horror.  The shopgirl, Lucy again, and not a part of their game, smiled blandly to cover her confusion.
“Just a minute, Daddy.”  The fierce dragon dropped his cotton sheet and scampered out of sight down the hallway to release the tail end of his wine-colored skin.  “Miri!” came the muffled shout. “Open the door! You closed it on my sheet!”
“John? Sherlock?” Ah, the MET had arrived.
One thing that Bert Tran - obstetrics student, and
replied, “Bananas with ham, John?  Really!”
John laughed as quietly, then told the man, “You give the nicest compliments.”
then demonstrated how to make a square knot before unraveling the ones on the package and handing the gift to Siger.
When Siger started school, he told his fathers that he was too old for a baby monitor.  Pere flipped open Siger’s tablet.  “What method of communication device would you prefer?”
“Not as such,” his spouse told him.  “He decided that it was his responsibility to take charge of bathtime, since you aren’t home.”
opened the door so that Siger could look inside.  Daddy was asleep, snoring, under his covers.  Ross was tucked up beside him, her deep breathing not quite a snore, and she was holding tight to Lambkin.
to him off and on for a while now.  It’s not
“Well, I do love you, you know.  That’s part and parcel of it all,” John told him before delivering a kiss to the top of his brilliant, but unconventional head.
Yes, those were classified and saved in the Mind Palace.  Nearby the kisses Siger had given the wound when Sherlock had been slightly shot during a burglary.  To clarify, Sherlock had not been burglarizing.  Not that time.  But Siger’s assistance of John’s bandaging had included a kiss on the neatly wrapped arm.  Gratifying for some strange and inexplicable reason, in spite of his protestations to his doctor at the time that “kisses do not make things better, John.”
was laughing at Daddy again.
-- that invoked memories for the doctor of a green villain who learned the meaning of giving.  Not of Christmas.  It was pretty much a secular title.  Not that John was avoiding secular.  He’d read Bible stories to his children consistently.  They would know the background behind the season, the history.
= “Will you ask me all of those questions in your quest for data?”
“Yes,” Sherlock took hold of the rouge.  “One way to contour the face is to use shading.  I’m going to brush this darker rouge under your Daddy’s cheekbone here, then blend it in.  If it stands out too much, that’s not good.  You should never look like you have makeup on.  It defeats the purpose.  And as in many things, ‘less is more’.”
“It’s quite eye-catching, Siger.  Pique, and with a nice texture.  And it will look very nice under a blazer, which is next on the list,” the well-dressed uncle replied.
John Watson came up from signing paperwork with Alice Brown in the office to hear his atheist -- or at least agnostic -- spouse reading over the nursery monitor.  While he loved that verse, he loved even more the voice reading it aloud.  Smiling, he ran lightly up the stairs, no limp at all, to join his family.
From the stoop Mrs. Hudson said, “Don’t worry, dear.  They’ll come up for air eventually.  I’ll get something cool for us all to drink.”
Siger looked up.  “You read the Christmas story to us every year.  Sometimes more than once,” the boy asserted.  “And ‘Dulce Domum.’”
“Sheep,” Siger explained to his sisters.  They were both secured in the double stroller, while Siger, who was of course the older brother, was free to walk.  This usually worked until it was time to go home, and then Siger wanted to be held.  Sometimes there were problems with being a big boy.
“It’s grown up,” she said.
allowed him to do so.  Siger looked in his
He took the blond man, a doctor as he found out, from his surgery when the rest of the staff were out for lunch.  The mobile phone was left where it was dropped.  He might have stepped on it.  Accidental like.  The Doc was a handful.  More of a scrapper than he’d expected.  Cuddles could admire a man with a gift for language like the Doc had.  Pure and simple, he was a genius with the vile words that Cuddles could hear from the boot of his car.  He’d taped wrists and legs each together, but was enjoying listening to the flow.  He didn’t get much conversation these days.  Nobody could hear the Doc in the boot except for Cuddles, anyway.  So no tape over the mouth.  Cuddles sat a moment to work through the aches and pains from the solid blows he’d taken.  Scrapper the Doc might be, but Cuddles knew a thing or two about fighting.
Alice Brown’s phone on the desk in the office began to ring, then a moment after that the land line upstairs in the flat.  When he heard Mrs. Hudson’s distinctive mobile ring, the tall detective growled and turned off the bunsen burner.  Dragging the drawer open he grabbed his phone and hit redial.
Siger is sick, while the others are now out of bed.
When he walked through the open doorway into the flat, Sherlock had Ross in her high chair, Siger in his booster seat up at the table, and dinner - takeout of course - ready to be served. John seated Miranda, and sat himself opposite of Sherlock at the table. They talked of general items, including Siger in the conversation, and Miranda and Rosalind - who had already been fed - though the babies did not respond over much. They were more interested in playing with the bits of soft, steamed veg that Sherlock had give them to experiment with.
had not explained it.
Siger helped Mrs. Hudson clean up the counter, the floor - where a little, just a little flour had spilled, and, standing on a stool, wash up the measuring implements, the utensils, and the biscuits sheets.  Bert found himself volunteering to dry with one of Mrs. Hudson’s bright terry cloth towels.
“That’s what his husband is for, John, not his brother-in-law.  And you’ve already been the mastermind behind the marzipan ornaments, which are truly something that Mycroft appreciated last year.”  And then, because Sherlock’s mind began to click through the entire conversation it occurred to the man that his own partner might wish for one of these ‘wands’ for himself.  “This is what I will agree to.  For Christmas, we will give the gifts we currently have.  Then, after Christmas we will invite Mycroft and Lestrade to see the movie that you are so set on viewing.  Is that acceptable?”
John, who had been rehearsing the words in his head all evening opened his mouth to blurt out something, anything. No words came.
“Oh, some time ago.  Before we had the flu,” his partner said waving a hand in the air.
Dr. John Watson was a brave man.  Brave enough to live with Sherlock Holmes.  A strong man.  Strong enough not to burst out into laughter at the sight.  Clearing his throat, he told his daughter, “Well.  That’s an interesting effect, isn’t it.  I think that I prefer your beautiful faces as they are though.  As dismissive as I can be of the beautiful, I prefer your beauty.”
“Alright!” John picked up the pencil and wrote on the list.  Then he asked off-handedly, “Is there anything you would like, Siger?”
John Watson thought bitterly that it was no life for a child to expect to be hurt before answering, “I don’t know, Siger.  We’ll find out.  And you know that your
John opened his pajama clad arms in invitation, and Siger bounded through the door and onto the big antique bed into them.  “Did you snoop?” John asked the top of his son’s head.
Siger was thoughtful as he said, “That woman wanted Daddy to engage with her, so that her child could escape.”
“Tell him I said ‘thank you’, please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Being friendly with folk tended to introduce complications into his chosen career.  He was a butcher. A very specific type of butcher.  Jim Moriarty’s butcher.  As such he was used to his subjects being brought to him.  Jim Moriarty was good that way.  And it was difficult to move through an area without being noticed when one is large and distinctive.  Distinctive was a word that Jim Moriarty had used for Cuddles.  Cuddles approved of the term.
John peeled off the nitrile gloves he was using, and began to put the cleaning items neatly into the cabinet below the vanity.  “It wasn’t a sudden thing like Albert’s decision.”  Albert Tran had taken care of the children for years, but was now set up in a surgery practicing obstetrics.  He had told Siger and the twins about delivering a baby in a lift, triggering his desire to become a doctor.  John went on, “I just always liked taking care of people.  I seemed to have a talent in that direction from the time I took first aid in scouts.  It wasn’t until I got to uni that I decided to become a surgeon.  And of course, I paid for schooling by joining the army.”
Joy’s children, Sherlock reflected, would inherit that genetic trait, the male pattern baldness.  Joy’s little head was covered with dark red curls.  They were sort of an inbetween of Sherlock’s darkness and wave, and that little bit of Mycroft’s color.
ate curry.  Siger listened with his eyes closed for most of it, but he watched the violinist playing.  They never showed what he wanted to see, though, which was how the violinist placed his fingers on the strings.  Even Miri perked up at the music, and hummed along with the children’s choir, while Ross banged blocks together from her periodical block fortress on the carpet.
called ‘telling looks’.  Then they put the girls on the floor, and Daddy lifted Siger down from his father’s lap.  “Well, Siger, it looks as though your
Kisses were exchanged, the monitor turned on, and the lights turned off.  “Happy Christmas,” the parents said again, though one of them hated repeating himself, “Good night, Siger.”
“Excellent!  I’m going to get some sleep now.  You might want to as well.  Otherwise you’ll be very tired tomorrow, or whenever they wake us up for breakfast.” John was not looking forward to jet lag.
“Would you like to try it on?  To see if it fits?” Mycroft asked.
John settled down, socked feet on the couch, and laptop on his own stomach, to detail the flight and who he’d met, the hoody man, the young writer, and which of his fellow flyers John thought were Mycroft’s agents.  It wasn’t quite like being at home, but it would have to do for now.
John gave him a raised eyebrow.  “This was a gift from one of our neighbors, Greg.  She knit it herself.  From a proper pattern that she found. For being there when she had a medical emergency.  And now when she asks if I wore it, I can tell her I had it on when I was out for a beer with a mate.”
Hm.  Perhaps now was a time to take a break from casework.  Unless Lestrade or a client could come up with a nine.  Sherlock could give John time to work on his approach to literacy, and finish off some experiments he’d been meaning to tend to.
And, John realized, from in the sitting room as well.  Sherlock snuffled, shifted to get more comfortable, and began to snore softly in the circle of John’s arms.
Greg Lestrade looked at that pale skin, the long nose, the twinkling eyes.  He knew that Mycroft often despaired of finding bits of brightness to complement his wardrobe without fighting with his auburn hair.  “It works,” he said entirely truthfully.
So.  Go and hug your kid.  Tell them that you love them.
was wearing jeans.   Siger could see the blue denim because
With a tilt of that dark curled head, his partner replied, “Possibly,” then lapsed back into silence.
Siger leaned back in the heavy wooden chair to stretch his gangly legs.  “What did my fathers say?”
At the skeptical looks from his offspring the man clarified, “Basic makeup is to cover flaws.  To make an older woman or man look younger.  To cover a scar or a melanistic mark.  To broaden a thin face, or thin a broad face.  To gracefully curve eyebrows that might be straight and heavy.  Notice how your father’s blond eyebrows are slightly darker than his hair?”
“Oh, thank heaven!” Siger heard Grammy Hudson say from below, just as
There was a shrug. “I’m sure that I have no idea.”  His family were safe, if not comfortable. He turned to examine the very large kidnapper.  The big scarred man was cuffed, and currently having a contusion on his skull seen to by one of Mycroft’s people.  There was a hemisphere of bleeding tooth marks on the massive wrist awaiting their turn for attention.  Well done, John!
“It wouldn’t hurt,” Sherlock said slowly as he twined glittering red garland around the tree, “If we made sure the girls are used to animals as well.”
, at least a bit more than he did now. How could things have gone so wrong? Why was it happening to him? What had he done to deserve—
Sherlock's eyes shifted to John. "I... I didn't say anything."
As he reached the front steps of the building, he instinctively looked up and caught a glimpse of Sherlock at the window above him, his dark-hair-framed face just visible in the gap his long fingers had made in the curtains. John smiled at him and the figure disappeared.
His mouth ajar, he blinked the tears away and looked down for a couple of seconds, a misty smile making its way to his lips. "Sure you won't regret it?" he asked, staring back up at John.
Shifting his weight a little, John freed a hand to hold onto Sherlock's side while his lips moved across and closed around one of his nipples. The wet and hot contact drew a moan out of Sherlock, who arched against John's mouth in a clear invitation to continue. John looked up and grinned at him, offering the pricked-up nipple another suck.
"OK..." Sherlock whispered at last, his eyes gleaming and almost blurry from tears. "But... not here. It... It wouldn't be..."
Sherlock looked agitated but resolved, and with a nod, he offered John his reassurance again. Looking down in shame, John gave a faint nod in return, then watched as Sherlock's thin legs flashed by to run upstairs.
Bz bz bz bz
The hand that never left John's hair clasped his nape and Sherlock's legs spread further, his whole body twisting in a tortuous and restless dance, hips rocking up and down in slow and almost imperceptible motions against John's mouth to incite him to go further.
“Bond night.”
A painful lump in his throat, he went back to the living room to pick up his briefcase where he kept a mini first-aid kit, in case he would come across someone in need of medical attention on his way to work. While still applying pressure to his palm, he took out all the necessities (antibiotic ointment packet, sterile gauze pad, roll of bandage) and tended to his wound. The bleeding had stopped rather fast, he noted – the only good thing that would have come out of this nightmarish evening.
John stared at him. He couldn’t be saying what he thought he was saying. It wasn't possible. It wasn't—
lover anyway
"John..." he panted, breaking the kiss and resting his forehead against John's.
His last words had come out in a trembling whisper and left him on the verge of crying again, which was enough for John to rush and take him into his arms.
Oh what a glorious thing to be
"Oh."
"He was still deployed when I got sent home. I didn't want to interfere, cause him trouble. Supposing I would..." he added with a scoff. "I had shut myself away at the time, anyway. Didn't want to see anyone. And then I met you," he smiled. "Thanks to Mike."
“I just…” he began, hesitant. “I don't want you… to...”
God, did he love his cock. He loved everything about him, really. But his cock was one of those parts of Sherlock's body that made John go gaga, with his curls and eyes and lips and hands. And voice. Jesus, his voice. His damn pants-wetting, boner-inducing sultry voice. One look, one touch, one word, and John was inevitably done for. He just couldn't resist him.
“The tea is going to get cold,” Sherlock remarked after a while.
After a few seconds of bewilderment, John stared at the wall with narrow eyes and eventually shrugged the matter off, unloading the food from the bags while glancing at his roommate from time to time.
A burning urge within him, John pressed into Sherlock as much as he could and kissed him harder, deeper still, panting with every move, every embrace, every quiver, years of frustration and lust and repressed feelings pouring out of him, the raging fire in his loins making him beg for more, and more, and—
baby, with all the care in the world – the most beautiful sight he never thought he'd laid his eyes on.
“And… will you need my input?”
about anything, at least. Well, only about Rosie. And even then... he knew he could do better, way better.
With a besotted smirk, John kissed him once more and reached for the door behind him to push it close, rubbing his cheek at Sherlock's jaw on the way back.
"I know. Me too."
The joke brought a smug grin on the detective's face. “Both?”
"With a little help."
For a handful of seconds, everything went blank. No pain, no feeling... only numbness and quiet. But as he began to think that things couldn't possibly get any worse, a sudden cry came from above; a baby's cry: Rosie.
He went to fetch a small brush from the broom cupboard and crouched with a groan in the middle of the glass minefield, gathering up the shattered pieces around him. Once he was done, he tossed them out in the bin and put the brush away.
"Sherlock?..." John called gently, taking a few steps forward. "Are you okay?..."
For a second, Sherlock stilled in place, frozen, silent… until a choked-up groan burst out of his throat and shook his body out of stiffness, leaving it trembling like a leaf, his voice and breath turning into an equally shaky mess while his fingers clutched at anything 'John' within their reach.
"Rather, yes."
he smiled for himself, making his way up the stairs to the flat.
If that makes sense. D'you see what I mean?"
A half-despairing, half-amused laugh interrupted him. "You
everything come to this? This joke of a life? God, he hated it. He hated what he had become. A pitiful ghost of himself, of the man he used to be, the man he used to
Bz bz bz bz
"Alright, alright! That's... Okay, good." He let a few seconds pass, fingers drumming on his mug as another name crossed his mind. "And... Janine?"
"I..." Sherlock swallowed hard. "I wanted to give you both a chance…"
"I'm sorry."
he cried out to himself after a double take.
John grinned and licked his lower lip.
A soft smile answered his. "My pleasure."
Running a hand over his face, he put down his glass and reluctantly got to his feet. Whoever it was, they were going to be disappointed: he wasn't in the mood to be neighbourly tonight. Or ever, for that matter.
For the first time in months, he was filled with a sense of clarity. Speaking freely and saying out loud what he had always felt deep down had made everything transparent and all the more obvious: he and Mary were done. He knew what he had to do, what he
John looked up at the contorting body above him and shushed him with a caress on his arm. “I hear you, Love. I got you,” he whispered in a soothing tone, and without making him wait any longer, licked his way back up to take him into his mouth.
“John?...”
John stared into Sherlock's face, trying to ignore the tingling heat building inside him. “I… I, um…” he stammered, unable to think — and to stop himself from glancing down at his partner's lower region. “Wh–what is…”
His mind was elsewhere and nowhere at the same time, and had been for several weeks now. He felt numb, like in a limbo state, where nothing could reach him. It was rather nice, actually; not feeling anything. Not
"Well..."
“I do.”
Bz if you like
A painful throb in his chest, he searched Sherlock's features again, trying to find an answer, trying not to hope, not
Bz bz bz bz
"Sorry about earlier. For... the things I've said to you."
"You're better than you give yourself credit for."
Moving to a more comfortable position, he glanced up just in time to catch Sherlock looking down at him. His breath was shallow, constricted, and his eyes sparkling with a zealous impatience that made John feel even more pleased with himself.
“And so do you.”
The hoarse sound of Sherlock's voice made John lose the last bit of composure he had left. With a wince, he hung his head and closed his eyes more tightly to stop the burning tears from falling.
“Need it? No. But I'd love to have it.”
John stared at him with his lips pursed. “Want to play it like this?”
something like that?...
he muttered to himself. Only fifteen minutes had passed since the last time he'd checked.
"Alright, alright!" he chuckled, closing his guilty eye. But he could barely make it to ten seconds before looking at Sherlock again, who let out a long sigh.
Breathing him in one last time, John slowly released hold of him and took a step back, his hands sliding down to settle on Sherlock's shoulders. Once again, his smile met Sherlock's, and with one last look they both sealed their silent pledge.
pitiful. An utter wreck. Too far gone to be saved, to
"Well, you've got to admit it's ambiguous."
"I don't blame you. I voluntarily kept you in the dark on numerous occasions."
for the first time in weeks. And he just wanted to enjoy it as much as he could, for as long as he would be allowed to.
But don't sting me
Sherlock gave him an inquiring look and awkwardly began to move from where he was standing, unsure of what John was asking of him.
The soft touch of a hand on John's shoulder cut his thoughts short and he sucked in a startled breath. God, Sherlock... He had almost forgotten he was there, that he'd been watching him, in forced silence, witnessing the poor spectacle he had just made of himself. Jesus, what a useless piece of shit he was.
“God, you…” John growled in between kisses, dizzy with sensations that were getting sharper by the second. He couldn't feel anything but Sherlock's lips and tongue, and his own hardening-again cock pressing against the flies of his jeans — and Sherlock's almost bare crotch.
"New sport."
John's mouth stretched into a smirk. "Well..." he took Sherlock's hand, "I'm glad I met you, if that's what you want to know."
John nodded, unable to take his gaze off him. "Tea."
Sherlock stiffened and took a sharp breath. “Well… you… found it…”
"Really? Babies?" John teased.
(Bzzzz Bzzzz)
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed. "So, I don't fancy women, John. Never have, never will."
Biting at his lower lip, he hopped one on foot to the other to take his shoes off and slowly climbed onto the bed, hoisting himself up on top of his lover.
“You?... Not anticipating?...” John teased.
Bzzzz Bzzzz
But don't sting me
"I know."
“Bond night?...”
His smile was audible between the huffs and puffs of his heaving chest, and John couldn't help but chuckle, breathing out a playful "Oh, shut up!" which prompted them both to burst into an uncontrollable fit of laughter, as much as their labouring lungs could muster.
“Everything?”
"Sherlock?... Wh–what are you doing here?..."
John smiled at him and wiped the wet corner if his almond-shaped eyes with a thumb, his own eyes filling with happy tears. "You're a good man, Sherlock Holmes. A better man than I am."
"And what
With all the care in the world, John led him backwards out of kitchen and in the corridor, grinning all the way to the bedroom. When they finally stepped through the open door, John made him stop and slowly let go of his hands, seizing his face to kiss him.
The nursery rhyme Sherlock is singing is called The Bee Song, by Arthur Askey:
A tentative arm wrapped around him while warm and gentle fingers landed on his nape over his shirt collar. "You're not alone. I'm here for you, always."
, technically. But it wasn't of any interest to him. John couldn't blame him: he was quite bored at the prospect of completing mundane tasks himself. But it had to be done. And they could only rely on Mrs. Hudson for so long. She wasn't their housekeeper after all!
Sherlock looked up from his improvised bed on the couch and beamed. He had just finished arranging it – pillow propped up against the left armrest, blanket laid over the back, and a couple of cushions stacked on both sides to make it cosier and avoid banging into the wooden frame of the couch.
"Mmm? Oh, um, in bed."
“Do you need a hand with these?” Sherlock asked, gesturing down.
Raising little lumps upon the boy-scout's knees
With a gasp he pulled away again, clinging on the curls at Sherlock's nape as he cracked his eyes open, meeting Sherlock's. They were bright with emotions that he never thought he'd see in them; emotions he never thought he'd see directed at
The delivery men shared a grin.  “Words to live by,” Tom said seriously to Siger.
Sherlock Holmes was not, by nature, a nurturer.  With John and Ross both ill, he had spent his day rushing up the stairs to get fresh clothing for the baby, and down the stairs to request that Alice Brown order items for delivery, and then back up again.
“In any case,” Sherlock went on brushing rouge onto John’s cheeks, “Here I am putting a lighter colour on above the dark to emphasize the bone, and make the face look slender, less masculine.”
The Spy Who Couldn't Spell.  https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/yudhijit-bhattacharjee/the-spy-who-couldnt-spell/
That gave Siger something to think about.  He knew that Uncle Greg did not actually mean a bee.  Nor one of Siger’s rubber bees, which he still played with sometimes.  He was not frightened of bees, but just to be sure he went into the kitchen to ask.  Uncle Greg was leaning against the counter drinking out of a brown bottle.  Daddy was moving things about on a platter, as though they were not going to be disturbed as soon as he brought it into the sitting room.  “Daddy,” he asked, “Do you have a bee in your bonnet?”
Up the wide and curving white stair case they checked on Mrs. Hudson, who was peacefully sleeping in the huge bed with her frying pan held tight to her chest.  “That can’t be comfortable,” Sherlock said.
“Well, Siger, when your father feels better, and then he can help you to shop for me.  How would that be?”  Siger thought Pere sounded tired.  He nodded agreement, and wriggled until he was on his father’s legs, then settled into his lap.  Pere adjusted the laptop to sit on Siger’s legs.
’s closed bedroom door with the top of her head.
“Makeup?” John was startled, “They’re only seven.  Why would they be wearing makeup?  Where did they get it?”
“of course not, John,” Sherlock said wearily, pushing his microscope aside. “I was a trifle busy at the time.”
When Siger was safely tucked up on the couch, and after he’d gotten a dose of medicine from the alligator medicine spoon, Daddy went back to cleaning the kitchen, which he said he had to do in stages as he was still a bit weak from the flu.
Which is why Greg usually found himself watching Mycroft instead of the movie when they viewed the Muppet version of the tale.  Because, while they were ostensibly sharing it with Siger (and Miranda and Rosalind, but they had fallen asleep long ago), Mycroft was laughing with his nephew at the puns, and all around silly stuff.
A quick look from beneath red haired brows, and a tiny hand was held out and receive an absently handled mobile.  Siger tapped the app, placed the mobile phone on the floor, and went back to his own construction.
John threw his husband a startled frown.  “You picked that up already?”
“What?” John said, startled.
Sherlock was relieved to note that this year the Father Christmas had a beard spirit gummed - very badly - it had obviously been reattached at some point.  Perhaps from the original Father Christmas.  This was a substitute for the original.  Obviously.
“I had to pick it up from the yard,” explained the farmer, “and it got a bit of goose shit on it.”
“What if I have an itch on my nose?” John complained, shifting under the paisley sheet.
December 3rd already.  John Watson stared at the date heading the blank page of his blog.  He was late in working on it.  No cases, thank heaven, but just clearing up all of the housekeeping from the past two weeks. Mrs. Hudson -- their landlady -- Alice Brown -- their office manager -- and Bert Tran -- their au pair -- were amazingly flexible in taking care of Siger, Miri, and Ross.  But they were not their housekeepers.
Greg nodded.  “I’m all for not dressing them like twins in complementary colours.  What do you think John and Sherlock will say about your idea?”
“Your point, John?” The taller man did not add “tedious”, but his tone made it all too obvious.
Miri bubbled at him, while Ross examined the woolly creature with drooping eyes and leaned sideways until her head rested on the canvas side of the stroller.  She closed her eyes.
Siger gets a package.
When his
“Those are trajectories for the catapult that James and I are building.  I’m planning a medieval castle, and James is helping me figure out the siege engines that we’d need to guard against.  And what we’d need to have on the walls to repel invaders!”
A movers’ van pulled up beside them as they waited on the kerb for the light.  John’s flu was completely to blame for his lack of clarity, his dulled sense that there was a danger.  Dark clothed, balaclava covered figures were reaching for him then, and for his daughter.  Milk sprayed across the asphalt from the split carton as John dropped the bag and chinned one of their assailants, knocking him backward into another of the dark figures.  Ross’s squeak - as he swung her ‘round to put her on the ground - was muffled.  “Run, Ross love, run,” John told her against all sense, because she couldn't even walk yet, before shifting back to face the assailants.  Everything moved in slow motion as they grappled with him, and tossed his aching body into the back of the van.  He came to a stop with his head bashed against the wire mesh of an equipment cage. A moment later  Ross squeaked again as she was tossed on top of him.
“Evangelina said we’d look prettier if we put on makeup,” Ross told him.
“Cat?” John asked, “Siger Sweet, why cat?”
Ben leaned over and said quietly in John’s ear, “Samson’s a rescue.  Tom feels strongly.”
John read with quiet expression: “‘At one time, most of my friends could hear the bell, but as years passed, it fell silent for all of them. Even Sarah found one Christmas that she could no longer hear its sweet sound. Though I've grown old, the bell still rings for me, as it does for all who truly believe.’”
There was no question in any of their minds.  They were going to Scotland.
“Nonsense, John!  Just look at how excited Siger is for this experiment!” Sherlock was almost bouncing up and down.
had selected a bright orange jar of stuff to feed to them.  Siger had tried baby food when the sisters started eating it, and had not been impressed.  Even when his Daddy had pointed out that he’d eaten an awful lot of that himself.
Mycroft had selected this time period because the shop had fewer customers generally in the early morning.  They had the full attention of the manager and the clerk.  More than they needed, and Mycroft made plain his preference for the clerk who was chattering away with Miranda.
“Pink,” John said in an astounded voice.
Miri raised a tear ridden face, with streams of the heavy mascara running down her sweet unlined face, though the dark pink rouge.  The only real difference from her sister was that Miri’s lovely, perfectly curving blonde eyebrows had been thinly penciled in to give her a startled look.  John Watson bit the inside of his cheek and breathed through his nose for a few moments to calm himself down.
Chasing someone in a hot-air balloon is not as easy as one might imagine.
tales, like those about the
“Alright, then.  Pull up a seat,” and Daddy reached across to click on the kettle.
For a wonder, there was no call from Lestrade. Bert remained downstairs. Alice Brown closed up the office and went home for the night. The children were fed, bathed, and put to bed after a fairly short and easily read book.
Darkness.  It was not time to get up.  Not yet.  The babies were sleeping.  Siger could hear the soft murmur of Miri and Ross as they slept in their cribs across the room. Gentle, regular breaths, the rustle of bedclothes as they moved slightly, Siger liked listening to them at night when he was getting ready for bed.  It helped him to fall asleep.
by Kenneth Grahame.  John’s favorite chapters, including “Dulce Domum” -- the Christmas chapter without including actual religion -- were bookmarked.  Sherlock had quietly read the entirety of the book when John was not looking.
“Alright, Johnny.  Should we time you?”
The brandy was good.  The cookies were decorated by Siger and Bert, and tasted of butter, sugar, and vanilla.  The tree was not grand, but it was homey.  Each year saw new ornaments added.  Some contained memories of Christmas past - three small handprints in plaster circled just below the star.  The bottom branches were laden with bells and less breakable items.
“I feel that you already know what I am going to say,” John said helplessly.
“Because Grammy Hudson has a hip.  And she can’t put them up herself,” Siger said to his father.
, “Oh, no.  This one you have to explain to him yourself.”
John Watson looked at his son, and then at his spouse.  “Royal jelly?”  he said aghast, “I’m not the Queen bee!”
“Mmmm,” was the reply.  They said nothing for a while, basking in the fireplace heat, and listening to the night sounds around them - the creaking of the old house, the traffic noises from the street, the soft sounds of children sleeping upstairs.
“Let’s go to bed, John.  We’ll work out what to do next in the morning.”
Sherlock Holmes smiled in the darkness.  “I used to listen to you on the monitor.  When you sang it to Siger.”
“Father, how will I give you and daddy and Miri and Ross presents?”
“You don’t want to discuss anything to do with Mycroft ever,” John said, though Sherlock scarcely needed to be reminded of that.
“Daddy?” and here John was expecting another deep and difficult question, not, “Can we go to Angelo’s for dinner?”
Siger took an angel.  Bert selected a camel.  Biting the head off, he savoured the combination of flour, sugar, vanilla, and the walnut taste of the camel’s eye.  Siger was already surveying the sheet of camels and angels and donkeys as Mrs. Hudson lifted each biscuit off onto the cooling rack to finish “resting” as she put it.  “No more for now,” she told Siger, waving a finger.  “There will be plenty for after your supper.”
Because it's a tradition!
could not see him in this darkness.  Will, he realized, was babbling.  So long as the baby held still, Siger would be grateful.
“Miri screamed when she saw it,” John said offhandedly while looking sideways at his friend.
However, a new kit was set up and stored under the double bed in their room.  There was protective medical gear for two adults, emergency supplies for infants and children.  Not enough, of course, for all eventuality in an apocalyptic situation. John Watson was not a man to plan for imaginary possibilities. Like, say, a zombie incursion.  He did not lay in a supply of shotguns and ammo.  And John was not the type of man to hoard items that would be required for medical professionals in a crisis.
“No,” John Watson said firmly.  “Siger will learn when he gets older, if he has mind to.  He’s not to be experimented on for that.”
“James M. Moran.” The name echoed against the tiles of the loo.  He’d escaped here during creative play time. The boy much preferred Sustained Silent Reading.  Or he had until Siger and Prossie and he had become friends.  Creative play was supposed to be “socializing”.  The teacher had told Mother and Father that when he’d started here at the beginning of the term.  Mother had said, “James is here to study, and prepare himself for college.  Not to “make friends”. Not to play dress up, or with plastic dinosaurs.”  Teacher had not argued.  Few people argued with Mother.  Mother felt that "friends" were like "Christmas".  Unnecessary.
has caught the flu,” Daddy said.  He shook
“Hold on,” John started, “We still need the monitor for Ross and Miri.”
“And yet,” Sherlock smiled at his doctor and blogger, “You always manage to arrive in time, like a knight in shining armour, don’t you?”
Christmas is, for some, the end of the year.  A time for reflection.  A series of moments to deal with loss, to be grateful for the present, and look to the future.  The long nights growing longer, until that moment when they start shortening again, preparing for the growth of spring and summer.
Sherlock Holmes had also - in a generous and foolish (in his opinion) whirlwind of activity - been down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, and Bert’s room to set them up with tea, dry toast, and fresh linens on their beds.  Hauling sheets, pillowcases, and duvet covers to the washing machine, Sherlock caught sight of himself, arms full of cotton and percale, in the full length mirror behind the laundry door.  Ghastly.  Hair standing on end, navy blue button-down spotted all over with who knew what - that was the first thought before his brain ticked on and started identifying each substance, and he’d one of Siger’s rubber bees in his back pocket to sterilize before returning the toy to his son.
John Watson was typing into his dying laptop, attempting to get the blog post out of the way before beginning their day, when his son joined him in the front room.  Stifling a curse -- the words he had so painstakingly entered vanished inexplicably -- John turned at the odd dragging sound behind him and discovered a head of red curls sticking out of an outsized burgundy bedsheet.  There was no way to prevent the bray of laughter that escaped.
“Going out?  I’m not going out in public with my face made up, Sherlock!” John said warningly.
“Because,” John plowed on, “The sun is what gives us our heat.  Remember in the Summer when it was all hot and lovely?  You like the sunshine, right, Siger?  And you know how it feels in the sun?”
“Oh,” John stopped, nonplussed.  “Well, I think we might plant some chamomile, if you like.  It’s not what Mrs. Hudson has in her soothers, but Mrs. Turner uses it as a sleep aide.”
“Why?” asked Siger gravely, as he watched his father slide the striped woolen mittens so that his thumbs ended up in their slot.
“Yes, Daddy.  Where will you go on your date?” the boy wanted to know.
“Alright, Alice.  Thank you for taking care of  that.  Goodbye.”
Sherlock seated at the foot of his son’s bedstead, leaned against the painted plaster wall, long legs stretched across the small mattress.  “That's what *I* said,” his father told him.
, “Siger would like a human skeleton for Christmas.”
John Watson had left his contemplation at the mirror, and reached up to brush a silver shot dark curl from his husband’s forehead.  “Suits you too,” he told his consulting detective.
Sleepy sounds came from behind as Ross and Miri called for Daddy and
“Don’t tell me the secret,” John told her, “I’ll read it when the book comes out and see if I can guess!”
“I can’t believe you packed a frying pan,” John giggled as he followed his husband to their room across the hall.
curly head poked out of the window now quite far above him.
“Tell you what,” Daddy offered, “We’ll set you up in here with my laptop, and you can watch a film.”
, John thought,
“I am making a card for Miri, and a card for Ross, because the cards were all the same and they should have their own,” Siger said as he moved the green crayon over the piece of red construction paper.
was switched out, and a re-reading of
“Daddy?” Ross signed before she put her little arms around John’s waist and held on tight as she could.
“Dinosaur mummies!” Emma squeaked, “Think of it! And maybe they’re like bluejays! Those aren’t blue, their feathers just refract light to that color!”
Watts had had a hell of a time getting the beard to stick on though.  And sitting and listening to brats demand toys and treats was not his idea of a good time.  It had been hours.  His throat was starting to hurt from all the “Ho, ho, ho”ing.Thank the lord none of the little bastards had pissed on his lap.  That last group though. Baby Jesus and reindeer.  And that little girl pulling at the bloody beard.  When they’d finally cleared off he asked the Elf where Sam kept the spirit gum, as he needed a refresher.  It wouldn’t do to have his face uncovered where any cop could see it.
is filled with lovely stories about the imagination of childhood.   Please check it out!
They’d need to get some new Christmas music for Siger.  And when had Siger gotten his violin?  Was it time to encourage Miri and Ross to take up an instrument?  Did they have photographs of the girls?  Not nearly so many, John thought, of any of the children as they’d gotten older.  It had been easier when Siger was a baby, and, as Sherlock would say dryly, they’d outnumbered their children.
“I really do not want either of us trying to sleep in a space where Mycroft and Lestrade engage in conjugal anything, Mrs. Hudson.  Take the posh bed.”  And sliding her suitcase onto an antique blanket chest, he dragged John and their own suitcase out of the room.
The range in the basement was one place that Father never went.  James would say that Father was not allowed down there.  Nor were the servants. Not even Mother’s old friends from the Army.  Just Mother, the range-master, and James.
Greg shook his head.  “Sorry, kid.  Even I know that red clothing doesn’t go with red hair.”
“Miri Cat!” and “Miranda!” the men said together, watching her crawl, speeding up as she got some space from the long hall.  Looking up, the little blonde girl gurgled, changed course, and made her way over to her parents in the kitchen doorway.
The older blond man pecked at his keys for a trifling period of time.  He mumbled something about the wearing of sheets being genetic before calling, “Sherlock? Have you been reading
“Yes.  Because we are not supposed to be afraid of angels.  They are God’s messengers.” Sherlock Holmes wondered if he sounded quite that professorial when he was explaining his work to the children.  Certainly Siger did not sound like John at this moment, though the boy could mimic either of them quite handily.
