John groaned at the thought. Donovan alone would be an entire days work of rebuilding his self-esteem.
John picked up the newspaper quickly. “Hmm?”
“So what was it that put him out, again?”
Sherlock blushed a little heavier now. “Not important. Here’s the picture of you and Wilkney.” He shuffled through the photos for a moment with apparent familiarity before finding the picture. John was standing in front of the sign that said “ROTC recruitment”, smiling at the camera, arms around a taller man in more formal military dress and some other recruits.
Sherlock looked down at John appraisingly. “John… you know I trust you entirely.”
“It’s ivory tower,” Sherlock grumbled, but raised from the couch and started toward the door.
“Yeah, but he’s actively trying to make it happen.”
“You are.”
“Yes! No, no, just. Sherlock has a boyfriend and it’s not-- well, it’s not me.”
“I’m not,” John said, with the same nonchalance with which one says “I’m fine” even though they’re actually steaming.
“Well, but it could be--” one of John’s internal debaters piped up. The other debater quickly slapped a hand over his mouth, and reached out a hand to the crank-turner, who handed him duct tape.
And think Sherlock did. For three days, Sherlock was laying on the couch staring at the ceiling when John came down in the morning, and was in the same position when he went to bed at night. John assumed he went to the bathroom while John was asleep or something.
On the other side, the room was darker. The windowpanes in the door off the ballroom let light in, but it quickly faded. There weren’t candles lit in here, and John was finally alone. He took a deep breath and blew it out.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. “What’s so wrong? Is it illegal to flirt when a sweet little army doctor with gorgeous eyes crosses my path?”
Sherlock frowned. John would never admit it but he kind of loved when Sherlock frowned because he really threw his whole face into it and it looked quite funny. He’d even put him in a strop on purpose once just to see the wrinkles under his neck appear.
“Ehm… Not sure,” John said, pretending to be entirely enthralled in the paper.
Lestrade, startled, said his thanks. Sherlock was already walking toward the stairs, and John waved goodbye as he quickly followed.
“John, do keep up.” Sherlock said, looking down at his phone.
“Talking.”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed from Lestrade to the handcuffs on his waist, and then back up to his face, then back to his waist.
“I like him less the more you tell me, but I’m telling you the truth here. You should never have to change to be loved. You shouldn't change. The people you know, me, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs.Hudson, we all like you exactly the way you are. Yes, you make mistakes, and yes, you do things we don’t always understand or like, but we like the person who does them.”
“Because if I don’t change, I won’t have him anymore.”
“You don’t like him…” Uh oh. That was the deducing voice. Here comes the whammy, John thought. “And not just because of how he treats me.”
He groaned. Sally’s expression changed. She moved forwards.
Elizabeth’s hand went to her mouth. “I had not an idea of any of this.”
“Consider it set in stone.”
“And that I suppose is one of your sisters.”
“So, your need of advice?”
He fixed the giant with a hard stare. “Since you have come this far, I beg you tell Mrs Collins the whole of it. I’ll warrant her discretion against that of ten or a hundred ladies of the Court – all of whom currently think they know something of the matter and who will be spreading ever more inaccurate versions even as we speak.”
“The Duke and Duchess used to bring the boys to stay at Pemberley, when I was much younger.” Georgiana spoke quickly, and rather at random.
“Jonathan!” Frances threw up her hands in carefully dissimulated exasperation. “That’s not
reward. Make sure that you keep that hidden: as an old soldier, I can tell you, you could do worse than sew it into your jerkin, but whatever works for you.”
about Frances?”
He shook his head. “No, ma’am. Not the least in the world. But she’s in such a situation as to attract the wrong kind of interest, nonetheless. And being a nicely brought-up young lady and innocent in the ways of the world (and I’ve never heard anything to contradict that, ma’am) it could be that she might stand in some danger of being used by spies in her vicinity. We were talking of inadvertent spies earlier. And there’s one name which recurs in her letters.”
“It is a lesson I learnt before I was nine years old, ma’am. It grieves me to know you have learnt it too. And, I suspect, in yet greater measure, and with worse yet to come.”
The Crown Prince took a swig from the flask.
money on liquor and loose women.”
On cue, Jane piped up, “We are sorry you arrive in the country in such unfortunate circumstances, sir. When you are feeling restored, we very much look forward to showing you its beauties. There are some very fine rides hereabouts.”
He was shown immediately into his uncle’s study, where he found him sitting, as Darcy had so often seen him, behind a great mahogany desk laden with estate documents and State papers.
An unexpected wave washed in just as the two men reached the landward end of the gangplank. It lifted, and the young clerk stumbled, almost sprawling. His papers slithered from his hands and distributed themselves all over the ground. He said something brief and emphatic in a language Charlotte had never heard before.
The churchman recoiled. “That suggestion is an
“Lady Agnes Campbell. What of her?”
“The priest?” Frances leant forward across the table. “What priest?”
Lizzie looked up and down the main street. “We have been invaded, it seems.”
know, from what I have overheard, or pieced together from hints and snatches of conversation that have come my way, he is – how shall I put this? Could one be an inadvertent spy? Or a spy against one’s better judgment, or interest?”
The moment this was mentioned, Elizabeth’s heart sank. Her aunt and uncle had taken advantage of every similar opportunity during their travels north. It seemed hardly likely they would desist when it came to Pemberley. Indeed, they showed no patience with Elizabeth’s demurrals, especially since it was impossible for her to give the real reason she was reluctant to risk encountering Mr Darcy.
to be caught with it in her possession –
a beauty had it not been for her tendency to draw her hood over her head so obscuring her fine features) were embarking on a coach bound for the north-east. As the matron persisted in telling anyone in the coach who cared to listen, she had a daughter well married in Gondal Town these two days past and she and her daughter had to be home to prepare a welcome for a new son and brother to the family.
“Since this is a family matter, I would be obliged for your assurance, as a gentleman and as my friend, that this goes no further?”
She donned the wide-brimmed hat which had been rolled up at the bottom of the portmanteau, straightened the plume, which was looking the worse for its confinement and, having taken a precautionary glance to ensure the landing was deserted, stole down the back stairs and outside, blinking, to find Jonathan in conclave with the ostler. At her appearance, Jonathan concluded his business with a wink and a piece of sleight of hand suggestive of the passing of coins.
Vaughan leant over him with a worried air.
His sardonic tone woke a glimmer of humour in Darcy. “No? Well, should we say I lingered at Pemberley in the hope that I might offer hospitality should my
“The other regiments should not have resented that.” Colonel Fitzwilliam was aware he sounded like a man trying to convince himself. “Obviously she
“Ma’am! I dare not expose you so.”
“Do you know, I have every hope I shall?”
Jane’s face cleared, as she knew it would. Bessie Walnut – the very name had come from her infant lisping of a surname too hard to pronounce – had been their nursemaid, hers and Elizabeth’s. She would have been Mary’s, too, but two months before Mary’s birth Ben, the youngest footman, a shy, solemn young man with hands and feet far too big for him, had announced that expectations from a remote relative had unexpectedly matured, so he was able to realise his lifetime’s ambition of buying a run-down old inn on the road to Gondal Town, two leagues south of Meryton. More to the point, he had now found himself able to make an offer he’d been burning to utter these last three years. Bessie had accepted, and would become his wife in four weeks time.
“Their eyes and expressions are very like, my lord. Miss Duplessis is darker, however – hair and complexion, both – and I think she has the advantage in height over the – over your niece.”
“Reasonable suspicion, don’t need a warrant!” Sherlock called down, already climbing the stairs.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, cringing in embarrassment. “I meant, may I have sex with you?”
“So who is the girl?” John asked.
Slowly, and keeping Sherlock in his sights with a question in his eyes, John reached a single index finger to teach the darkest mark.
Sherlock’s shoulders fell when he saw that the comforters were still in the same shape, bent like a broken bridge over John laying on his side.
“Yes, I’m interested. May I come?”
“Like a posh bastard?” John snorted into his pint.
“Bad day?” Sherlock asked quietly. They were the first words he’d said all day.
John snorted. “Not panic, just… surprise. Not at the heterosexual-- or not heterosexual-- part, just at the date part. I didn’t really peg you for the type who, y’know…”
For the first time in years, he had a smile on his face when he got out of bed. Maybe the woman in the robe had been right. Maybe he did deserve a night like that, just once, to make up for all the other days of his life.
Television producer Emmy Rossum had been the number one spot on John Watson’s shitlist for seven years running, for reasons that won’t be discussed here, but was dethroned immediately when Alexander Cameron called John “little helper”.
Sherlock whipped his head up to glare at mister Hargrove, who gulped like a cartoon. John smiled tightly and braced himself.
Sherlock looked utterly stunned. He jaw was hanging open like he was trying to catch flies. He collapsed down onto his chair across from John.
Lestrade came in. “Hello, Sherlock,” he said.
“Yes, you,” Mike inclined his head. “You were right back from a warzone, grumpy and frankly, a bit bitchy.”
He glanced up at Alex, who was struggling not to laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Excuse me?”
John liked to imagine the dial-up screech coming from his mouth as he laid there, eyes closed, hands under his chin.
“Don’t be ridiculous John, you can afford anything I can afford now,” Sherlock smirked over at John. “And I can afford rather a lot.”
John leaned back on the sofa, looking up at Sherlock again, who was still sat stiffly on the couch, holding his cup of tea. “Yeah, alright,” John said.
Step three: scheme and plot and break their little house down.
Sherlock huffed.
“John, it’s Alex.”
John looked thoroughly confused now, and Sherlock sighed with the knowledge of imminent loss of sexual contact. He lifted his hips and slid his trousers off entirely. How he kept trousers that tight and managed to get them off that quickly, John would never know.
He wondered if this is how Sherlock felt when he watched everyone else trying to follow his reasoning.
“It wasn’t murder, he had an aneurysm. Or heart attack in his sleep. Or a-- I don't know, some other normal thing.”
“Sherlock, you’re going to want to see this.” John said shakily, eyes scanning the screen.
“You can’t deduce things, only people, John. But yes, I deduce what people want based on the actions in the market and place my investment with them.”
“What do you think, hmm? Are they correct?”
“He refused a wheelchair.”
Alex and Sherlock looked at him, Sherlock’s eyebrows coming down as he opened his mouth to make a scathing comment on how John could handle bullets flying at him but not seeing his own flatmate kiss another man, but John held one finger up. “Right. Nope. Not having it. Be back in a few.”
“Teach me what?” John said, mirroring the way he stepped closer.
Sherlock lifted his hips again, helping John take them off, and John took him back in his mouth, now holding his balls and brushing his fingertips against his perineum. “John,” Sherlock groaned, voice rumbling with intense pleasure.
“Lestrade was irritating me, I wanted to waste his time.”
John nodded, “Yeah, he says here--”
“I brought some food. Do you want to come out to the kitchen?”
When John walked into the room, the first thing he noticed was the smell. The absolute mess was a close second, though.
John startled when he straightened and almost hit Sherlock on the chin.
Maybe it wasn’t that.
John did not believe a word of it. People were people, people in fancy clothes were royals, people in common clothes were commoners. Nobody looked different just because they had money, except for maybe that family in France that John had heard about that all looked like bulldogs from too much inbreeding.
Sherlock groaned, but John recognized it as less a groan from pain and more from having to listen to pleasantries. “So what’s the problem with princess?”
Sherlock’s eyes opened when he felt John’s touch. “Water,” he croaked after a moment of blankly staring at John.
John squeezed his eyes shut and prepared to put a pillow over his head.
Sherlock looked over again. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock walked away. John walked up to his bedroom, shut the door, and let out a breath. His tummy relaxed back into the natural paunch.
John sat and listened to him, and then, like every other time, he got out only to brush his teeth, and then came back to bed. Sherlock held him, and John shuddered occasionally with a new thought and a new wave of despair, and Sherlock held him.
John sat down in the chair by the bed, and unthinkingly put the back of his hand to Sherlock’s forehead. His cheeks were swollen, a sight made even more incongruous by his long and narrow face. He reminded John of a bowling pin.
“He’s Sherlock Holmes, he knows everything.”
He was about to, hopefully, fool the most observant man in England and possibly the world. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was looking over maps on his phone.
The closer he grew to the royal castle, the deeper the anger in his gut burned. He observed the spiraling towers breaking through the evening clouds, the expensive tarrow-candle light burning brightly from every window, and the carriages lining up in front of the giant entranceway painstakingly carved with cherubs and felt bitterness. He took a deep breath to calm himself. Life wasn’t fair. Some people had castles. John had a bed stuffed with the hair from the horses he brushed. That was just the way things were.
His face scrunched up as he lifted a hand to cover the sun out of his eyes. Sherlock groaned, guess he wasn’t going to be anymore sleep before the day started. Sherlock basically fell out of bed without trying but managed to pull himself together, he walked over to the window and shut the curtains so the room was dark again, Sherlock knew he couldn’t go back to sleep again or else he wouldn’t get anything done that day so he walked outside his room with only the sheet on and shut the door.
The figure raised a hand. “Please, forgive my not rising. I foolishly allowed myself to take cold on the road, and find myself absurdly feeble this morning. Thank you so much for coming to cheer me.”
that very day.
All that occupied his mind was Georgiana: Georgiana taken by bandits in the wilderness. Into some dark, forgotten chamber of his mind the faint, dim recollection of a chapel intruded. Had he had leisure to think; had it not been Georgiana’s life and honour at stake, he could have managed better. He should have sent some sort of apologies, explanations: the very things at which he was so incompetent.
“My child, I see from your face that you have stumbled and lie in sore peril. But even at the gates of Hell there is still a path to Heaven, if you but have the courage to turn from your evil courses, and climb it.”
Hosting the party, Papa, still hale and hearty, not the invalid the oncoming winter would render him.
her moment, just as it is Charis’. Which reminds me. I have had word of Charis – most disquietingly.”
“Your meaning?”
The broken-down cottage reputed to house a witch came into sight round the bend of the road. Charlotte expelled a long-pent breath. “Meryton, at last.”
.’ That’s what they say, sir, and as for me, however deep the winter I can’t say I’ve ever seen a gorse bush wholly without flowers. They’re very fine at present. So’s the heather. Heather and gorse would complement one another, of course.”
that had followed would have depressed a heartier soul than hers.
“The good doctor has no
"But Georgiana –”
“Head on your knees, now, until we are quite sure the dizzy spell has passed.”
Charles’ thoughts swung back to that tense evening in Darcy’s townhouse, when he had first mentioned taking a lease of the place and Darcy had first been wholly opposed then withdrawn his objections in the face of Caroline’s fulsome endorsement. But why had Darcy not said what irked him at the time? Also, when one came to look at it, it was absurd. One could hardly avoid a house because some relative, however well-connected, had died there, especially if one were a great gentleman of Gondal, with an ancestral seat. Generations of Darcys must have died and been laid to rest at Pemberley.
A white shape materialised in the corner of her eye. Charlotte’s common sense quelled fears of ghosts and fae before her conscious mind had time to entertain them. She turned to see her hostess, barefoot and clad, like her, in sleeping wear, her hair loose about her shoulders.
“Those hills border Malham lands,” Miss Darcy breathed, almost too low for Elizabeth to catch. Certainly none of the other ladies seemed to have done so: Mrs Gardiner and Mrs Annesley had moved on to other improvements to the district made by Mr Darcy’s father, and Miss Bingley was standing by the window, in a pose designed to show her profile to best advantage, pointedly avoiding conversation. Elizabeth knitted her brows in speculation.
Uncle John wrote of Gaaldine’s ports: half a hundred different languages spoken on the dockside and the air heavy with incense out of Arabia and spices from the Indies. He told how the new civic buildings in Gaaldine’s capital bid fair to equal any in Italy or the Imperial states. But he spoke, too, of darker things. The same tensions stirred south as well as north of the border. Like everyone else around Elizabeth (save for Lydia and Kitty, who did not count) Uncle John seemed convinced there could no other end for it but war.
“I know of them.” Perhaps suspecting that sounded too cold, he added, “That is, Charles Bingley is a pleasant, gentlemanlike man, and a great friend of my cousin.”
A new voice broke in, querulous and old. “So the rumours are true, after all. I would they were not: it grieves me deeply to see you in such company.”
Harriet shook her head. “Whoever told you so, told an untruth.”
The management of her guests took a great deal of planning. Mr Bingley, thank goodness, could be kept away from it all by having two footmen help him to the Blue Room where his valet could undress him and put him to bed.
“When I first came to Hunsford, I knew we would be close to the sea and hoped to see it for myself. It is not much more than half a day’s journey from here to Elbe, given the quality of the roads. But I do not know when William will ever bear to be away from Rosings for long enough for us to make the attempt.”
(His heart hurt, also, but that, being a metaphysical injury, could be ignored, at least for the time being.)
Giulio gave a strangled sob. Her third finger went down.
The wine bucked up into her throat: sour and repugnant. She fought to keep her voice under control. “Your confidential man, Giulio, had not, therefore, any business in Belmont, three days ago?”
Now she saw that quality again. She thrust the letter towards him. “Read it. Read it. We are to answer within the next quarter turn. And
“The better the man, the greater the Prince’s triumph.”
He had expected Caroline’s flash of anger at the epithet, but not his hostess’s sly, half-hidden grin at marking it. Mr Perry drew closer to the bedside, fussily rolling up his sleeves.
personally.”
patience which is the issue here. Mr Wickham has worn out any goodwill he once possessed with the one person in the whole kingdom whose goodwill
Mr Duplessis should have done was to threaten him with cold steel, pistols at dawn or something dramatic and lethal along the same lines. He was not a good man himself – George Wickham had never been prone to self-delusion – but by God and the Holy Virgin, he hoped he would never so uselessly abandon any daughter of his own in similar circumstances. Even the odious Darcy had done more for Lyddie, though he was damned if he could see what Darcy’s angle was in the whole affair.
She looked up at the full canopy of leaves above her, and across at the grass on the meadow, already the parched tawny of high summer. Six to eight weeks to see the harvest in and the store-rooms filled. So it was siege warfare he contemplated and on the soil of Gaaldine, not that of Gondal. James Moriarty was to be enticed to invade and, once there –
Do you bear that in mind, also. All consideration of rank is left at Rosings or in Gondal Town.”
the heir; there seems little point in running away from the fact, tempting as it may appear.” Clarence’s eyes slid sideways towards the brandy glass and Harriet felt her face colour for reasons wholly unrelated to cosmetics.
"Sir! I –” At this point, the sergeant bolted for the latrine trench. Light screens of woven reeds had been erected to screen it for modesty’s sake, but they could not block out sounds. The sergeant’s intestinal struggles were neither silent or discreet. Repulsed, Lieutenant Brenzaida clicked his fingers, and bade the corporal follow him out of earshot, around the corner of the barn which had served the troop for bivouac last night, he himself having been accommodated – with inconceivable generosity – in a room in Pemberley House itself.
Nor had the artist attempted to soften the message. True, at the time of his betrothal the Crown Prince had been over fifty and not even the most obsequious of Court portraitists could have erased the marks of a life given over to the darkest of debaucheries. But this Prince Gerald sneered openly out of the portrait with an air of cold sensuality and Lady Elaine shrank back beneath his gaze into her court robes, drowning in swathes of fabric, like a child playing dress-up in an adult’s clothes.
He grinned. “That’s high politics for you, ma’am. But I’ll not dwell on it, ma’am, if it offends you. Still, what I think, so might others.”
As for attempting to persuade her mother, the matter was hopeless. From the moment Lydia had rushed into the drawing room in raptures, holding out Mrs Forster’s invitation like a diplomat holding out a peace treaty negotiated after decades of war, Mama had been all aglow, talking (particularly in the evenings, after dinner) of the conquests she expected Lydia to make, with most of the great of Gondal decamped to Lake Elderno away from the summer heats and stinks of the capital, and how greatly the consequence of the Duplessis family would be enhanced thereby.
Lady Anthea’s eyes were black and compelling under their heavy lids.
The excellence of the local roads carried the burden of conversation for the remainder of the visit.
he came to it. Out in this breathing night, standing here between the cressets, he knew what had been tugging at his mind beneath the gaudiness of the dinner that had passed and the prospect of the splendour ahead.
“I trust,” Harriet said carefully, “that your business has achieved a successful outcome?”
His stately progress across the Great Court echoed, in his own ears, the sound of a man walking to the gallows foot. Not that a man of his rank would ever see a gallows, however James Moriarty’s humour took him.
Lydia ignored her elders, exclaiming about each fresh sighting of an officer and eventually losing herself so far as to actually point.
She saw a quick flash of calculation in Wickham’s eye: the look, perhaps, of a man making a mental note on some unseen ledger. Elizabeth rushed on, to cover her slip.
Her imitation of Mama’s querulous tones brought a welcome laugh from Wickham, but as it died away she caught another sound: the swish of a lady’s skirts and petticoats. But when she looked across at the doorway, there was no-one there.
The King looked up from his contemplation of a weed-ruined wilderness which had once been a badly-proportioned knot garden.
“History does not have to repeat itself,” Colonel Fitzwilliam murmured. “At least Charles Bingley starts having the advantage of a good heart.”
The Surgeon-General raised his eyebrows. “I’m told these dales afford mercenaries for half the armies of Europe. When I passed through Lambton I came across a man who told me he was recruiting for the French wars. He was staying at the Fitzwilliam Arms, I collect.”
Charis, Queen Aspirant of Gondal.
Sherlock’s eyes glittered. “Oh, but it is, John. It so very much is. Ring the bell. The game is afoot.”
Five years ago. Pemberley’s grandest drawing room. Summer and the scent of roses drifting through the doors which opened onto the terrace.
“Consider my discretion assured.” Frances tried, without complete success, to keep the corners of her mouth from quirking up.
him.”
ornaments. I would
weren’t going to be the ones to break truce. Unchancy as well as being bad tactics. But prudence dictated we be out in the crowds, in disguise, in case of trouble.”
“No? Neither do three out of five of the gentry of Gondal; there’s no singularity in it. But consider the lie of the land. We are to the north of Gondal Town, so this regiment cannot be planned against an incursion from Gaaldine, still less from Angria. Even if it were placed to protect the capital, there are towns half as close again who could rise quicker to her defence. No. I can think of one reason only. And it troubles me.”
Nor were her thoughts of a nature likely to give any relief from the gloomy prospect. How great was the contrast between her anticipation three weeks ago of the joy of being homeward bound, and her current feelings. She almost dreaded the reunion with Jane, burdened as she was with secrets that she must not share. In one respect only did reality improve on imagination: the speed and comfort of her journey. The smallest of Lady Catherine’s carriages had brought her to Charlescut Halt, over half-way, a convenience which Elizabeth
Yet since King James’ accession, two of those men had died. The third was discredited. In that, Princess Charis seemed to have a longer reach than anyone might have expected.
“You have my word. Trust me. And now, of course, I find on this exposed height there is nothing to quench your thirst. Let us go below and have the servants bring lemonade and iced ginger tea.”
“We were not at Rosings the whole time, my lord. My lady spent some time at the villa in Elbe, accompanied by two ladies from her home town of Meryton, whom chance – I enquired, my lord, but could find no evidence of contrivance behind it – had brought to Hunsford. One of them was the niece of John Watson, a Miss Elizabeth Duplessis.”
The night was black; the moon two turns shy of rising, and would be a thin crescent when it did. Jonathan trailed his hand along the outer wall, feeling for the place he had noted earlier, before the sun set.
? Sir, you mistake me. I am Julian d’Ancona –”
The commander of the guard nodded gravely. “I admit the premise. But to what effect?”
Sally smiled at him with a good cheer that seemed almost indecent.
"The answer, as it happens, is both. I trust I can rely on your discretion in this matter? Good. Well. The gentleman in question made an offer for my hand, shortly after Queen Felicia’s death. Situated as I was — undowered, and still the object of the King’s disfavour — it was an offer very much more advantageous than any I could have hoped to receive. My guardians —”
and Mary, who had been born with a skin too few and who
The falcon decided to throw a temper tantrum at being ignored. The tall man calmed her with strokings and titbits of dried meat.
He whistled through his front teeth. “Praise indeed, ma’am. I’ve learnt to my cost how well Gondal trains her sharp-shooters.” Memory quirked the corners of his mouth. “Not just on the field of battle, either. Word to the wise, ma’am; don’t bet against Doctor Watson in any contest of marksmanship.”
She raised her hand again. “Your grace. I fear that interested parties may have practised upon us both, in order to drive a wedge between those whom blood should make the closest of allies. Please. Believe me. I have two witnesses to my innocence. Neither – I see – is present. May I ask your grace to have them brought before you and hear their testimony?”
Her little finger down, she balled her hand into a fist and brought it down on the table so hard the cups and dishes rattled. “And that is the belief we have to foster. You have to be seen as a man without any lingering shred of reputation, for you to have the smallest chance to redeem your honour.”
She chewed over the thought, finding it to have an odd savour.
He scanned her minutely, head to toe. Holding herself steady was the hardest thing she had ever done. She fancied she heard a note of hesitation in his voice when he spoke again.
“Nothing is certain yet. I got to Gondal Town to resolve matters. But I have better hopes than for some time past. Thank you, madam, for your hospitality. And your good wishes. And I shall remember you to my cousin, Miss Hooper.”
“Mr Bingley,” she said breathlessly, “Mr Perry is here. Although he had a long night of it (a boy, and both doing splendidly) he could not retire to rest without he came to see how you went on. You are to be our neighbour, of course, and you will find that in this part of the country we always look to our neighbours.”
Elizabeth sat up and reached for her portable writing desk. Wickham had been right. It was her plain duty to send Uncle John a letter. How she might contrive to get it into Gaaldine was another day’s problem. For now, writing was the thing. Writing letters to one’s relations was one of the few respectable solitary occupations a lady could claim. Let her avail herself of it, then.
Again, Trooper Musgrave’s stomach flip-flopped.
Elizabeth nodded. “Indeed, ma’am. But what is to be done? The road forms the boundary between the Longs’ estate and the Gouldings’ and neither of them will give up an iota of land to straighten it.”
She had the last laugh, nonetheless. On the third day after his arrival in the district, not only did Mr Bingley arrive at Longbourn on his own initiative but he was accompanied by his friend Mr Darcy, although the latter stayed only for a scant (and largely silent) half-turn, having business that could not be delayed which compelled his return to Gondal Town.
“Francisco! Below, at the double. Come and read your blasted writing; I can’t make out if we’ve got a discrepancy on the manifest or not.”
“Quite. You may be interested to learn that Lady Agnes recently married: highly advantageously, so far as her family’s interest with the Pretender is concerned. As for the lady herself, I suspect she may by now be wondering whether the bandits of the mountains would not have been a better option.”
“The new tenants will have been the Bingleys? I met them at my cousin’s house in Gondal Town this winter. Both my cousin and Mr Bingley spoke most highly of the care your family took of his party after that shocking carriage accident. Something really needs to be done about that curve of the main road. Especially when the autumn rains undercut the bank, it is truly dangerous. There was an appalling accident there with a dray, when I was no more than seven. I still dream of it, sometimes.”
“I regret, then, that I have disrupted your affairs to such little purpose. I may enjoy your hospitality only until the morning. My regiment is ordered to Fort Whitburn, to strengthen the Borders. Given the circumstances, the loyalty of the southern regiments was thought better not tested. They replace us on the north-western marches, and I wish them joy of it.”
The old woman roused herself. Her lower face was still swathed in shawls but above it her eyes were very bright, almost as blue as the sapphire earrings in Elizabeth’s hidden bundle. It occurred to Elizabeth she must have been pretty, once. Now she was staring, absolutely staring at her, making her flush with alarm and anger:
Lady Agnes was white to the lips. “You are describing my husband’s aunt. She was one of the ladies of the Court in the old King – that is, his grace’s grandfather’s day. She lives - lived with us.”
True: he had no positive knowledge that the King intended his cousin harm. Given the threat of war on all sides, and the severance of the Great North Road a few leagues to the north, small wonder if his Grace might prefer the most vulnerable members of his family to be under his own eye.
Her grip tightened on Molly’s arm.
No: a man who would take such an offer from a woman of Charlotte’s type would cut and run and neither expect nor receive consequences for doing so.
“So you wish to allow my sister her season in the sun, soaring above Court in her new position and breaking hearts right and left? A wise move, coz. A true falconer’s cast. Nothing wins a wife’s loyalty more than the illusion she made her own choice from a wide field. Or so they tell me. But indulge me. Do not wait too many weeks before you petition me to allow you to pay your addresses to my sister – the Marchioness of Malham, in her own right, as she will be by then. I
“Ah.”
Darcy’s guts knotted in sympathy, even as his terror for Georgiana made him tremble within.
Across the desk, the Earl’s withered claw stretched out to catch his nephew’s wrist.
: the writer is one of your sister’s daughters, and since the difficulties of getting a letter to Gaaldine in the off-season and the current political climate are numerous, the fact that she has written at all implies a crisis of no small dimensions.”
“And do you know the identity of the two men concerned?”
He cocked his head on one side, as if listening.
Some turns later Darcy found himself in supple, well-worn riding gear, a light helmet upon his brow, a sword at his hip and a troop of men in Royal livery at his back. They were on the very edge of the Great Northern Road: riding at the King’s command to find out what had befallen the Royal kin –
“Sound move, that.”
The housekeeper had a swift, muttered convocation with Jeannette (Molly, true to her word, had retreated to her room) and announced that dinner would be served indoors.
His eyes were black pits with no light at the bottom; his concentration absolute; his voice a breathy, sibilant hiss. She clenched her fists around palms sticky with sweat, and strove to keep her voice level.
“You acknowledge so much?”
But with unblushing assurance, he had admitted his behaviour towards Jane and towards Wickham.
Acting-Sergeant Vaughan cast a hasty glance around the high-walled yard in which they were standing and dropped his voice to a whisper. “So-called in Gondal Town maybe. But the way I see it, if you’re in an enemy camp, with no clear way back to your own lines and the enemy commander tells you he’s the Archangel Gabriel, it makes good sense to say, ‘And so you are, your archangel-ness, and which direction do you want your feathers brushing?’ Sir.”
Giulio moved in front of him, his dagger much to the fore. "I’ll see you –”
Jonathan ducked his head. “And so shall we all. Though doubtless your little, round-eyed, blinking priest will know how to pray for him by name. And her grace the Queen; she’ll pray for him, but mostly, she’ll pray for the Pretender. Still
There was something in Mycroft’s expression that she had come to recognise. Bodyguards. And so, one or more potential spies within earshot. She suffered herself to be led indoors.
“Lizzie, you will promise to write, most often and most particularly, won’t you?”
is why I left.”
"Powdered opium? But surely, the taste –”
“Sir, yes.”
“Young hotheads, for the most part.” Molly frowned. “Though we do seem to be over-supplied with those, at present. But think more deeply. Strategically. What else has changed in Gaaldine since this time last year?”
Jonathan exhaled, bit his lip against the renewed pain in the shoulder, now joined by a chorus of complaint from his cramped hams, and cleared his throat.
sacrificing the smallest particle of my happiness: rather, if anything, the reverse. Treat it as handing over an artefact for which I have no possible use and which my family – the dearest part of my family – needs very much .”
“How can you expect us to give you asylum unless you
“My dear.
They rode the two miles to Meryton in almost total silence. Charles worried over what he would say to whichever officer had commandeered Armstrong’s barn. As for Darcy, the whole world knew that Darcy would be hung and drawn before speaking of family matters. That he had come so far beyond his habit was as if the moon had danced in her courses. Small wonder he had no energy to make conversation.
“Given Prince Gerald’s character,” the giant observed, “he doubtless ensured
Mycroft looked her full in the eye, his face for once open, all disguise dropped.
“I confess, it is such a healthful exercise, I encourage it as much as I can.”
“Do you, perhaps, know of a spy within the inner councils of his grace of Gaaldine, ma’am?”
She shuddered, delicately.
How Wickham had managed in such rarefied circles, given the expensive and dissipated habits of his companions, Mr Darcy confessed he found a mystery. That Wickham had contracted debts, and strained the limited resources of his father and the generosity of his patron went as a matter of course, but, still, he had managed better than one might imagine. Though Mr Darcy touched only lightly on these matters, Elizabeth was left with the strong impression that Mr Darcy believed Wickham had survived amid the fast set of Zalona by doing favours for his wealthy fellow students: favours of a kind which would by no means withstand the light of day.
The trees here had been cut down for timber eight years ago; not wantonly (for the Darcys had always been careful of their timber, which represented much of Pemberley’s wealth) but in a broad strip later replanted with saplings, which were now thigh-high and served as cover for all sorts of wildlife. They were, Darcy thought abstractedly, overdue for thinning. When all this was over, he would have to instruct his foresters.
to do in a country district. Nothing by way of entertainment rather than drudgery, at least, and of drudgery she was full to surfeit.)
“It would not answer. Their ancestors fought for their King, when Gaaldine invaded a century ago. If the King of Gondal were now to take that land, even if it were just one sod, it might lead them to wonder what, after all, they had fought for. And if, should the same circumstances come again, they should make the same choices. At least, so the late Queen told me, when I asked her a similar question, long ago.”
"Then I have a suggestion, based on something I heard in Elbe. The same argosy which, I am told, brought Lord Lestrade and his Moorish mistress –”
I am sorry, I am so sorry.
I close my eyes and I see you. I see the same you every time. And it makes me fight every single blink.
“If I say no, are you going to follow me anyway?” she tested her legs; holding her purse tightly to her body.
“Greg” She looked up at him and heaved a sigh, her voice lowered to a whisper “Get Holmes, I need him” she admitted. Greg smiled at her.
Mycroft’s eyes were dark, his mouth solemn. He nodded.
(How thoroughly
“Ma’am.” Molly glided into the room, mousy as ever. “Let me speak to Arabella. Most of the other ladies and their maids have made their escape but Lady Linton is confused. I think she might respond better to your voice.”
“Well, move it,” the bravo growled into his left ear. “Milady wants to hear what you’re up to from your own mouth, and you can’t expect her to strain her ears, or have you bellowing at her.”
The fingertips of Elizabeth’s left hand reached out to caress the mourning knot on her right sleeve, its silky smoothness recalling the last time they had donned mourning for a Royal death.
Until the dreadful morning when she had heard the screams coming from the bed which Janet and Flora shared. Janet had woken to find the bed full of blood and Flora –
“Is that what your own aunts do?”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
He ordered the soldiers to examine every recovered fragment for clues.
“My dear, you must be chilled quite through from your journey; I hope you have not taken cold. Let me have warmed bricks put into your bed. I recommend you retire as soon as maybe. We shall have plenty of time to catch up on news in the morning.”
No, the Court of King James was no safe place for either Jane or Lizzie. Her irritation, though, was more profound. It was so
“I suppose,” Darcy says, fascinated despite himself, “It’s a matter of association. Some pun on the family name, or a link to the family crest or something which is associated with the house, so you know who it comes from. Likewise for the messages.”
Without a second glance, he stalked from the room. The fair man made a quick, shooing gesture towards Giulio, then followed his master.
Molly’s feathery brows drew down over brooding caramel eyes. Her voice dropped to a whisper.
aware, sir?”
Darcy turned the letter over and over in his hands. He had no doubt it would be substituted by a convenient forgery containing the same or similar words written in any hand but that of Julian d’Ancona, were he to do the obvious thing and bid the guard commander to take it forthwith to the King.
No. That would not do. He could see how it might have started, but still –
“You would, of course, petition the King to ensure that the culprit suffered the fullest penalties that the law allows.” Now, the Crown Prince’s voice was silky smooth. “Including quartering the miscreant’s body after life was extinct and displaying suitably chosen portions in elevated positions around the principal cities of the land, to deter any imitators.”
Georgiana unlatched the coach door and descended to the road, looking back up to her chaperone in the coach.
have seen no sign of it. Lizzie, my dear, why on Earth did you come to tell us he was so disagreeable?”
Charles’s heart almost stopped. Darcy, so rich, so well-connected: of course he would entrance any angel on whom he chose to look.
Mr Darcy exhaled. “Thank you.”
He was a Judas; there was no hope for him on either side of the grave. But – God forgive him! – he had once loved the young mistress with all he had and could be, and even now he would never dream of – could not dream of – doing her harm.
Take his account of a diplomatic visit the Princess had taken to Brendelhame in the autumn, where a demagogue had inspired a drink-inflamed mob to attack the Governor’s residence in which the Princess was lodged. The local women had rallied to defend the residence, facing off against sons, brothers, husbands and fathers in the crowd.
farm, vineyard or tannery to his credit. Holy Virgin, she needed to apologise to Lizzie.
Morning saw Elizabeth out early along her favourite walk through Rosings park. She hoped strenuous exercise might do something to deaden the agitated feelings which had permitted her little rest. With equal fervour, she hoped she might be spared meeting any of the Rosings party. That hope was destined to be dashed.
Cold fury overwhelmed her. “Sir, I did not invite you to share your guilt – justified or otherwise. Details, if you please.”
And next time he had indeed seen several generations of the Hooper family commemorated in marble on the church walls. A little enquiry of Jeanette revealed it had indeed been the church in which Sir Vernon Hooper had married the widowed princess, in the dark of a winter’s morning and with only his arms-man and her maid for witness. So, no mystery here. Her family church, on her father’s side.
That was safe. Whatever their rank in life, families were always keen to get surplus daughters off their hands.
“King James or his advisors fear history may repeat itself?
At first, Mr. Darcy seemed unable to comprehend what he was hearing. Then his complexion became pale with anger. During the ensuing dreadful, interminable pause Elizabeth waited for the storm to break.
not his sisters. Nonetheless, with a bone-deep certainty, he understood what Darcy had not put into words, which he had made sure Charles alone heard. For here was another son of Prince Gerald newly on the throne; here was the late King’s and Queen’s daughter allied by marriage to Gaaldine, and here – the solidest and most concrete of proofs – troops on their very doorstep and more on the move.
Darcy pursed his lips and jerked his head towards his groom. “Brock, I’ve a concern about Sultan’s off-fore. Pray take a look. There seems to be a tenderness there, from how he was standing.”
would be remembered. When a moor fire catches, nothing can stand before it, and the peat below ground smoulders and breaks out unexpectedly, even when the flames seem to have been thoroughly extinguished. So, too, runs gossip, and so it flares.
"Molly, you can’t. The King –” The Countess gasped.
The game, once begun, continues all summer, extending to depictions of flowers sent in embroidery from Georgiana, and watercolours from Julian. It continues even through the difficult period of Papa’s illness, though the flower hues become more sombre as do the sentiments they convey. The language ends up having a repertoire of over a hundred symbols, noted by Georgiana in a little pocket-book with a lock. But then Julian is sent abroad to cultivate his mind and polish his languages and after that he is entered at the University in Zalona. By the time he returns to Pemberley the Princess’ party has been attacked in the high passes of the Skogull Ranges and Georgiana has no heart left for games and ciphers.
“But she’s so young,” Elizabeth choked out.
The first, Charles had indeed known, and the second at least made sense of Caroline’s relentless hints.
The news of Mr Darcy as a far-sighted and generous landlord upset all Elizabeth’s ideas. Furthermore, now she was assured there was no risk of meeting its proprietor, it kindled in her as great a desire to see Pemberley as her aunt could wish. They departed on their excursion at an early hour the next day.
Dawn broke over Zalona in a cacophony of chiming bells. When he had first come to the University Julian had wondered how anyone managed to sleep here. By the end of his first term it was the deep peace of his father’s estate at Castle Malham which kept him awake at nights.
“May your courtship of my sister prosper. And be brief. Good day, coz.”
should consider herself the obliged and to repeat these sentiments three or four times, before their uncle re-emerged, dressed in his most aweful robes of state. The officer who followed him, by contrast, bore all-too obviously the marks of recent hard travelling although the Earl’s own valet danced excitably around him with a brush, endeavouring to bat the worst of the dust from his clothes.
“I don’t understand.” It was the first complete sentence he had managed.
Mrs Gardiner’s eyes sparkled; Mrs Annesley tried to hide a smile behind a lace handkerchief, but Mr Darcy laughed out loud. Although Miss Darcy did not recover her courage enough to join the conversation, her manner eased, and on Mrs Gardiner and Elizabeth taking their leave, she clasped Elizabeth’s hand between both of her own and expressed most fervently her pleasure at the prospect of seeing Elizabeth at dinner the next day.
to accept her promissory note?”
He paused, and then, very carefully, added, “Possibly, even safer.”
The ninth of September saw the formal opening of the shooting season across Gondal. The week before that important date brought a flurry of activity to Meryton and the country estates round about.
“I must lie down,” Molly said. “I do not believe I am equal to dinner, though I shall ensure it is laid on the terrace at whatever hour you prefer. But do not let my weakness prevent your exploring the villa and its grounds, or further afield if you have strength for it.”
Mrs Annesley, beside her on Pemberley front steps, smiled.
Harriet slid a glance sideways at her second-oldest daughter, but it was plain Lizzie was as baffled at this sudden irruption into their home as Harriet herself.
Captain Lennox checked once again for eavesdroppers.
Mrs Annesley’s face was puzzled. “But sir, Miss Georgiana has retired to her room with one of her sick headaches. Did no-one tell you? They are short-lived, thanks to the Virgin, but she cannot possibly move while in the grip of one of them. She must lie very still in an absolutely dark room, poor lamb, with wet cloth over her eyes, and sip camomile tea. Perhaps this time tomorrow we might think of her being well enough to travel, but certainly not today.”
Futile optimism worthy of the Forty! For all either of them knew, King Ambrosine might have been dead two days, the messenger still on the road.
Charlotte caught Elizabeth’s hand and pulled her into the small drawing room.
Her voice betrayed her on the last few words, for surely if William or Lady Catherine took an alarm of bandits even this last shred of freedom would be stripped from her.
“It is, I am afraid, inconclusive, but the news of Papa needs to be heeded.”
Miss Hooper leant back against the elaborate relief of a nearby sepulchre, regarding Harriet with an expression that somehow managed to convey both primness and amusement.
And Harriet had written, and written again, but no answer had come. And she always remembered weeping for two whole days together when Colonel Miller’s regiment went away.
By whatever tricks of technique and perspective, Miss Hooper had rendered the sun-drenched harbour of Elbe a place of menace. The argosy loomed over the quay, casting all beneath it into impenetrable gloom. The few caiques which bobbed at their moorings out in the bay had been drawn with a delicacy of line which showed them as heartbreakingly fragile, such that a breath of wind could destroy them. The ornate carving on the argosy’s hull had been elided into the shadows; the only points of contrast were the muzzle of the foredeck gun, which shone as if it had been gilded, and the bleached figurehead at the prow: less a benevolent saint than an Athene come armed and vengeful to the plains of Troy.
“I met her once, you know,” the Bishop mused. “There was a treaty or some such in train – there always seemed to be, in those years, not they ever came to much, not until the last one, when King Ambrosine demanded that boy as a hostage. Well, it would have been Queen Felicia’s notion, of course, but we all praised his Grace the King for his genius. One did, back then – Where was I? Ah. Yes. Even with all one thought one knew, there was a stillness about her. A depth. But the boy could not have been her own. The King of Gaaldine would not have suffered him to grow up in obscurity. It must have been her sister’s. They spoke of a sister, I collect.”
“As am I, that you have accepted. But you should be aware, before we proceed, that there is peril in it for you.” He leant forward and whispered in the Bishop’s ear.
was a gasp of pure pain. “I understood
The nearest of her bargemen, notable for his height even among that well-built team, seemed suddenly overcome with a coughing fit. Mr Darcy ignored him, and, before himself sitting down amid the velvet cushions, signalled a servitor to hand his cousin chilled melon, ratafia and peaches with preserved ginger.
"Your kidnapping me would precipitate war. War on my brother’s timetable, not yours. Whereas if I were in Gondal Town –”
The admiring glances from both young officers as Elizabeth entered the drawing room told her the frost outside had heightened her colour and sent a sparkle to her eyes. The great gilt-framed mirror over the chimney breast confirmed it. Wickham, in particular, regarded her with an intensity which made her regrets at the loss of his inheritance even more poignant.
He pursed his lips. “You find the thought incongruous? Why?”
note in a man’s voice normally portended that his relationship with the speaker was about to change, irrevocably. Still, no point in postponing it.
broadside. Mr Bingley certainly did not. His forehead smoothed at once. He even essayed a weak smile.
Mrs Gardiner laughed. “And so do I. I lived in Lambton as a girl, and was terrified that I might have cried up the beauties of the district so much that my husband and Elizabeth would stare at me aghast once we arrived and accuse me of gilding the lily. But the scenery is finer even than I remembered.”
“Try a little of this. It will help your digestion.”
“Sometimes, ma’am, one’s mother is the last person one would wish to ask for advice.”
Her aunt’s face became serious. “Harriet learned romance late in life. As a girl, she was all for the prudential motive. And your mother, as you know, is never less than whole-hearted about anything.”
He nodded. “Indeed. We had planned to stay by the lake another ten days at least, but my cousin has been ordered south to rejoin his regiment unexpectedly and my uncle had not the heart to continue the party. To help him, I offered the hospitality of Pemberley for some part of his guests, and thought it as well to post on ahead, to ensure all would be in order for them.”
Elizabeth found herself regrettably distracted during Mass.
They were half-way down the second stair before he looked back over his shoulder and said, “Expediency is one thing, but I dislike the idea that my courtiers have offered you impertinence. Tell me, which of them were insistent on – ah –
Harriet felt several of the company of saints would have admired the fortitude with which she choked back what she would
Deprived of alternatives, she must now pin all her hopes of happiness on the prospect of her tour with the Gardiners, now deferred by three weeks.
“I understand this has been done a good many times before, my dear. In all kinds of weather. Transferring mercenaries, and so on. She is not lying very far off the shore, they tell me. Say your farewells now, my dear; I shall wait in the gig.”
The dark one.
“Vaughan.” After no more than an decent interval Peter’s faltering memory had thrown up the corporal’s name whole and complete. “Enough. Would the flavour of that – thing – be strong enough to conceal powdered opium?”
Provided, of course, they could do so in private.
you’ve given your parole, even though you haven’t. So you just keep your wits about you, sir and your eyes peeled, and we’ll contrive some sort of diversion and then you can take your chances. After all, sir, if we’re to be ransomed, someone has to get the message out, don’t they?”
his heart thumping.
“Being paid off the books for the service you actually provided and on the books for the one you didn’t? I’ll say. And as for the theft itself?”
She sat up, hair tousled, and let the necklace fall from one hand to the other, time after time, watching it with the fascination of a cat presented with a ball of wool.
you, my dear.” The heartfelt gratitude in Mycroft’s voice sent a jolt up Elizabeth’s spine, reminding her that sorcery ran in families, at least in this one.
is something the agent chooses to proclaim wherever he goes. What was it, pray? A third cousin once removed? A great-uncle’s stepmother? Do tell.”
“Caroline, you should not be so dismissive of Netherfield. It can hardly be bereft of fashion, given the agent told me the house was the property (or former property, I forget) of some connexion of Darcy’s, whose taste you acknowledge to be so nice.”
Julian stepped forward but before he could reach it the carriage door swung open.
forgot.
“How did he show his bitterness?” Charles asked, when the silence into which Darcy had fallen threatened to engulf them both.
Clarence spread his hands. “My dear, why add to your cares the prospect of something which seemed, at the time, unlikely to happen?” He cocked his head on one side. “But since I do believe I hear a carriage approaching, it would seem that we will have the pleasure of his company after all. Perhaps I should leave you to complete your toilette so you are ready to greet my cousin as befits the Heir Apparent.”
The words came stumbling out of Lady Agnes’ mouth. "N-nobody, your grace. Anyway, the second time Miss Hooper returned, she asked if Lady Abruzzi would give her the chance to take revenge and she agreed –”
Miss Hooper’s letter did not, to Harriet’s mind, convey the discontent which might be expected from a woman who in one week had lost a trusted manservant and the most celebrated necklace in the whole of Gondal. Rather, Harriet felt, indeed, it exuded a certain quiet satisfaction, almost the air of one who had successfully put one over on someone in authority.
Several of the more impressionable among Julian’s men dropped to their knees. The tall man crossed himself, then raised his hand in blessing.
“Especially, I daresay, if members of the Council were secretly members of that very rebel faction. Then they would have to urge the obvious upon the King, for fear of being marked.”
She nodded, fascinated beyond measure by the change in him.
“Nonsense, coz. None of that
Despite herself, Charlotte cast a sideways glance towards the way stone. The barmaid’s head had sunk into her hands, the bored ensign had found duties elsewhere and the landlord was patting her uneasily on the shoulder, with the expression of a man who would rather be
“Malham.”
Or not. The sawbones turned and, without a blink, made him in an instant.
“You know what would have become of her once she was fully inside the King’s clutches. Whom would he have married her to once she reached the capital? A raddled libertine like Traquair? Ask Lady Agnes whether she believes her reputation has been enhanced by the King’s actions.”
“Madam. When we reach Italy, it would do me great honour were you to consent to become my wife. I will ask the blessings of your family upon our union when we meet them.”
“Our gallant cousin? I am happy to say report has him well, and pushing back strongly against the Gaaldinian incursion.”
“My dearest Elizabeth, forgive me. When we first met, I disparaged your family. No, ssh. Let me speak. I never mentioned my own family in that context; absurdly, I took them for granted. But – the King is my cousin. And
Her words drifted past his ears, irrelevant as the buzzing of summer bees. His full attention was on the goblet, the jug and, most of all, Sally Donovan’s impossible presence here, wherever “here” might be.
The priest and the giant exchanged a glance. The giant drew himself up.
She had been there without making a sound, for what to an eight-year-old felt like an eternity. (Perhaps three-quarters of a turn, her older self observed, editorially.) Almost bored enough to think of emerging and taking her chances, she had heard voices. To be precise, Clarence Duplessis’ voice. The risk of laying herself open to one of his sarcastic remarks drove her back into her lair.
“They’ve sent for a physician.” Trooper Potts, nineteen and looking younger, was a weaselly bit of work but his information was normally reliable and always early.
She rose, threw a shawl around her shoulders against what proved to be an entirely hypothetical morning chill, and walked out on to the terrace. The servants would not be stirring yet and it would be both arrogant and unkind to rouse them for her whim, but when they woke she might bespeak a cup of coffee, or perhaps a herbal infusion. Lately she had found herself pulled down by weariness; primed by Mama’s hints, she might wonder did she go increase, save that she was so far free of queasiness.
At the commander’s raised eyebrows he added, “I do not, let me make myself clear, believe Lieutenant Brenzaida to be party to any deception. It is patently obvious he is who he says he is, he is sincere in the information he wishes to give us and – according to my housekeeper, who from my earliest youth has shown herself to be a most formidable domestic apothecary – he is indeed suffering from a serious head wound. More serious, indeed, than those who permitted him to escape suspected. I daresay he was intended to reach us a day earlier – about the time, I judge, when that letter was planted amid the ruins of the coach.”
“To the coast, of course. Holy Virgin forgive me for breaking my oath, but if you could manage to shift that fetching arse of yours before the ship either rots and breaks up or pisses off back to Venice, we’ll be breathing good Italian air by the time Sunday rolls round.”
for his benefit.)
know before this evening – he sought by treachery to nullify a treaty entered into by King Ambrosine, murder the Princess and implicate Georgiana in his crimes. Had the Princess died in the Skogull high passes: as her waiting gentlewomen died, as her men-at-arms died – how long do you think you and Georgiana would have survived King Ambrosine’s wrath?”
Without conscious thought she moved and had her hand on the door-knob before Jeanette hissed, “Ma’am!” and threw the heavy blue cloak across the room to her.
good,
“Care of him! Yes, I really believe Darcy does take care of him in those points where he most wants care. From something that he told me in our journey hither, I have reason to think Bingley very much indebted to him. But I ought to beg his pardon, for I have no right to suppose that Bingley was the person meant. It was all conjecture.”
“Forgive me. But I needed to send a message.”
“This is a surprise,” Penelope said, though her shrewd eye belied her words. “Were not you and Lizzie about your devotions?”
“I trust I have your consent? Georgiana has accepted my proposal but she cannot face the thought of grieving you by marrying clandestinely. She asked me to seek your blessing. And, for your better reassurance, this is not a case of her lacking options. Any suggestion that her reputation has been damaged by the events of the last days is one I will defend, if necessary, with my body.”
is not a mystery,” Captain Lennox said. “Although it is certainly a problem.”
Even the relief of tending to the poor was taken from her, lest the miasmas in their dwellings harm the ultimate heir to the Longbourn estate.
your proposals. Including the ones you have implied, but failed to make explicit. By the way, I cannot
The tall sides of the ship cast welcome shade over the quay. Close to, one could see how much in need of touching up was the white, brown, blue and pink paint on the ship’s figurehead, and how cracked and thin the gilding which picked out the ship’s name and port of origin on the stern-boards. The
He did not waste words. “Six weeks would be good. Two months better.”
Astonishment struck her silent. The moment when she could have stopped this lunacy at its source was forever lost.
At first, she had been proud that Mama had taken her into her confidence about Miss Bates, treating her for the first time as a woman grown, equal to hearing the stories the married ladies swapped over the negus while they surveyed the dancing from their matronly isolation. It was only in the dark watches of the night that Charlotte had realised the true meaning behind Mama’s disregard of protocol.
When the Pemberley party departed some half a turn later, Elizabeth’s mind and heart were so full of confused emotions she hardly knew where to turn. Fortunately, though her aunt and uncle were clearly full of curiosity about the nature of Mr Darcy’s interest in Elizabeth, they were far too tactful to enquire.
“I trotted out my story of a letter to be delivered and it was like leaning on a pump handle. Seems he’d met Miss Duplessis at her cousin’s house in Hunsford, and been much struck with her. She’d asked him to see a letter safely put on a boat to Gaaldine, and paid him handsomely for it, too, so it was no surprise to him to hear an answer was on its way. That was a bit of luck, to begin with.”
Certain memories crossed his mind. Unwillingly, his lips quirked upwards.
Molly’s mind had never felt clearer.
“Sir?”
“I was not born here, and my first allegiance was – some would say, still is – to Gaaldine. But Gondal shaped me; there is much of which I might have been forever ignorant had I never crossed her borders. Most importantly, for your purposes, I am the consort of your rightful Queen, and on that ground alone my
The sound of Mrs Reynolds’ knock and low-voiced enquiry jerked Darcy back to the present.
For one fleeting moment, Elizabeth saw something flicker in Molly’s eyes; a tightening around her lips which gave an entirely different cast to her gentle features. However disarming her manner, there was steel at Miss Hooper’s core, and woe betide anyone who provoked her to unsheathe it. Her nerves prickled.
So it had come, then, the moment he had feared since this interview began.
“Isn’t it obvious?” She put down her cup and raised her left hand, fingers and thumb extended.
Darcy rose to his feet. “My cousin and I will await you in the outer chamber, sir.”
He was exhausted, of course, but there was something more in his twitchiness, his pallor, his air of being on edge. He wore the air of a man who had run from his enemies, as hard and fast and long as he could and who now, all his strength and will exhausted, had realised that his true enemy was still as close to him as he had been at the outset.
The door to their shared chamber was closed. That, Elizabeth had expected. She laid her ear very close to the wood above the handle. The sounds she heard, faint as they were, precipitated her entrance into the room.
“Lemonade would be delightful, ma’am. But I may not linger long. We need to be on the road back to Deadholm Barracks and thereafter to Gondal Town as soon as may be and surely the young lady will need time to pack?”
“It would not bring Georgiana back. It did not bring David.” Miss Hooper’s voice was quiet, contemplative. “I thank you for it, all the same.” She turned to Harriet. “I expect you don’t know who we are talking of? That’s the problem with families. They always assume one knows
“And so they are. Well, if you insist, Lizzie dear. Just for tonight.”
"And in a matter of such moment to Mr Bingley, why was
She fell silent, rapidly reassessing the events of the last month. If Mr Darcy had left town for Pemberley the very day Lydia had married, then the crisis which had impelled him to depart without leaving any word must have been sudden, unexpected and of no small dimensions.
“I think,” Darcy said, drawing his rank around him like a cloak, “you should be more circumspect when speaking of a loyal officer of my cousin, the King.”
"Because I learnt – please don’t ask me how, for that is not my story to tell – that he had connived with a Mrs Younge, then companion to Miss Georgiana Darcy, to get access to her charge, whom he had known as a child. Also – please, this must not go outside these four walls – that Mrs Younge promoted Wickham’s interest with Miss Georgiana, encouraged her to feel herself preferred by him, and concealed it from Miss Georgiana’s guardians, notwithstanding the trust placed in her –”
write?”
A tinge of exasperation sounded in his voice. “I did not mean – Oh, by the Holy Virgin, why is it I am so persistently misunderstood?”
For a moment he permitted himself to wallow in malicious triumph. If the rumours he had heard were true (and he would easily be able to verify them, once he reached Fort Whitburn) what a slap in the face his sister’s abduction must be for that oh-so-proper lord of Gondal. And as for that mawkish little miss herself, it was so deliciously ironic that – for all the humiliation of that final collapse of his hopes in that direction – both brother and sister must no doubt be reflecting on how much better it would have been to settle for the evils of
at the King’s command. But I could hardly inflict him upon anyone other than a family member and Fitzwilliam knows him of old.”
recall that, I hope?”
“No, but really. What did you talk about?”
Before he’d succumbed to the recruiting sergeant’s promises, as a lad he’d been something of a nature lover. The old Squire encouraged such things in his tenants’ children, provided it didn’t manifest as disrespect or insubordination. Trooper Musgrave felt that he probably owed his neck, to say nothing of an un-marked back, to those early lessons in walking a fine line between confidence (good) and disrespect (abhorrent.)
“You shouldn’t by rights be here.” He paused for a beat. “Surgeon-General. My lord. Sir.”
“Blackrent, on Malham lands?” McAllister turned his head, and spat, accurately, into the corner of the cellar.
Horatio looked faintly affronted. “My friend, who do you take me for?”
“Surely a most
Mr Darcy looked at his cousin with an affection which took Harriet’s breath away. There was nothing of the lover in it, she could have sworn, and yet her heart ached for sheer envy.
“Ma’am!” she hissed. “You are the first ranking lady of Gondal. The first ranking lady of Gondal does not go into wineshops.”
The jewellers in question were precisely the kind of long-established, exclusive establishment to whom the adopted daughter of Lady Catherine de Bourgh might be expected to entrust her jewellery. Since such an establishment shunned the very idea of promoting their services, the fact they had a small team of skilled craftsmen who could, in a surprisingly short time, replicate most items of jewellery in paste with phenomenal fidelity to the original was information known to a select few. There were numerous reasons why such a service might be called upon, but since most were discreditable to the owners, absolute secrecy was the norm.
to its long home. We do not have house fires at this time of year, but we have the most admirable bread oven.” She paused and added, with a delicate note of interrogation in her voice, “You have undertaken a dangerous mission, soldier, merely to deliver a letter. Since I cannot imagine you expected to achieve this encounter from it, I wonder what your incentive might have been?”
“First, the betrothal necklace was indeed stolen. In consequence, the Pretender of Gondal is, reportedly, livid. He will stop at nothing to track down and punish anyone who may have been responsible for his humiliation in this regard.”
An acrid gust of smoke swept over the courtyard. His guard dropped the bridle he’d been contemplating and bolted through the main gate, leaving Peter alone.
At this, Mr Darcy broke into speech: none of it welcome.
Mama sniffed. “Why you should waste your consideration on such a heedless, ungrateful girl is beyond me. But of course she may accompany you if you wish to take her. She is so headstrong that I don’t doubt that even if I were to say no, she would ignore me completely and go with you come what may. So have her and good riddance. But now, will you come inside? I am sure you must be frozen, and if you are both driven into your beds with fever and chills, who but me will be put to running up and down stairs at all hours with compresses and febrifuges? Also, Mr Wickham and Colonel Forster have arrived to pay a call. Colonel Forster is to be wed within six weeks and has come to invite us to the ball which the regiment throws to welcome his bride. Oh, why does everyone conspire to thrust their wedding plans into my face?”
She raised her eyebrows in what she hoped was a provocative manner. “Surely, even if she is
At length he looked up.
“For you, my dear?” Mrs Annesley looked at her as if the sculpted naiad in the fountain had started talking.
All her pent up feelings burst out at once.
of his personal guard to escort it? Twice the escort he sent for Miss Darcy and this time through the garden of Gondal, not the wilds of the north. A cynical man might say it shows where his true priorities lie.”
Without a line wasted, his sketch vividly showed the curve of a river, running fast through a mountainous landscape. A great thorn tree, white with may-blossoms, dominated the right-hand side of the drawing, while a heap of tumbled stones on the bottom left corner, perhaps part of a ruined barn or sheep-fold, gave the delicate blossoms counterbalance and weight.
family? Darcy’s stomach gave a sick lurch. The whole damnable scheme swung dizzily his eyes. So that was what the King planned? He and Molly to be squeezed into a forced marriage within a matter of weeks, compelled by threats to his sister. Dear God, why had he not insisted on Georgiana being sent to Rome or Vienna when he had the chance?
do it. If only we could get some help. Oh! What luck! Giulio! Giulio! Over here!”
Miss Duplessis, his own angel! Of course Mr Perry would have seen her working with the poor. It was one of those things expected of the proprietors of a country estate, but doubtless she would still have done it had she been a cottager’s daughter herself. Of course, neither he nor Caroline had lived in the country before, so it would be important to find out what was proper from one who knew all about it, to avoid giving offence. An excellent thought: it would promote friendship between Caroline and the two elder Duplessis girls, so much to be desired. Naturally the circumstances of their arrival had put Caroline at a disadvantage, the thing in all the world she hated most, but it could all be smoothed out now.
The Bishop’s face was incredulous. “Safe for
Reluctantly, Jeanette let the cases fall. The giant dropped her left arm and with a great thrust sent her sprawling hard into Molly, who sat down abruptly under the impact.
A meteor streaked down the night sky. One moment there, the next gone and yet the impression still burned across his vision as if it would be there forever.
He ran.
. Doubtless he has used the phrase to more than me.”
“I’m persuaded the thing was planned. The two of them were standing in the ”V“ of the bridge and a carter lost control of his rig, about
“Charlotte,” Charlotte corrected, her backbone freezing at her own audacity. How wonderful that William was not here!
Elizabeth giggled. “I believe he would have refused it on principle. He would have you know he is a deeply religious man, sir, and scorns anything with the taint of the heathen.
“One of them has kin in Gaaldine. In the highest circles in Gaaldine, at that. Not as safe as it could be, that, with war rumours running faster than the gossips’ tongues at a shotgun wedding. And however many pairs of ears listening for any wheat that might be flying amid the chaff.”
Recalling every shred of her Court manners, Harriet dropped the most elaborate of curtseys, and held it for a length which might have been thought a trifle overdone had she been facing the King himself, not merely his widowed aunt.
He held an open letter in his hand. “Madam, how fortunate to find you before your toilette was far advanced.”
“He may well do. But it is Herodotos I wish to commend to you at present. He would sit down and listen to stories from every source, whether they be kings, generals, sailors, soldiers, market traders or fishwives. While he heard many lies, tall tales fashioned specially for his hearing, he gained many insights which would not have been his had he adopted less expansive methods. In which light, did you have occasion to hear the songs of the Borders, when you travelled between Gondal and Gaaldine?”
Harriet rang the bell, and summoned Mrs Hill to bring her a carafe of ratafia, in anticipatory celebration.
“We are quite alone here. And that is a thick door. So are the walls. Screams would not penetrate those barriers.”
If Elizabeth had cherished dreams of wrapping her aching feet in wet towels, and then taking her strained body to an early bed, they were forestalled. Mr Collins met them on the threshold, waving a note about his head and babbling so that it was almost impossible to take his meaning and, when she did, Elizabeth was taken aback to such a degree that she could not but speak her doubts aloud.
“Indeed, he could do well to be more so, as things are.”
But now hot and strong from Meryton came the news. Netherfield Park was let at last and to a young gentleman of fortune!
been?”
"Irrespective of my financial position, I would assuredly challenge such an announcement. I have never, in heart or word –”
Miss Hooper of Netherfield?”
Had years of such experiences not weighted down her tongue she might have told Kitty this:
Given the dearth of other possibilities, it was a mystery why Netherfield Park should have stood untenanted so long.
Indelicate it might be to allude to it, but their bedrooms were aligned in a row, and it could not be denied that a rhythmic hum (only the most vulgar would decree it to be a snore) was emerging from Lizzie’s bedroom.
was the kind of oblique remark his father-in-law had been coming out with for days. Did he mean anything by them, or was it simply rubbing in the fact he, George Wickham, had not completed his studies at the University in Zalona, and that – for all his martial pomp and his new-minted lieutenancy – his father-in-law considered him an unarmed man in any battle of wits?
