Suddenly Dean's pain was gone, a mere ghostly ache of itself remaining. He turned his head and saw a hooded figure silhouetted near the open gate.
Azazel began applying the suction cups to various parts of Cas's body, including his temples, his chest, and one on each wrist.
Cas tenses slightly and Dean hastily pulls back.
A shadow passed over Sam. He readied his sword arm for another fight. And then the familiar voice swept over him, like a low sweet song.
Sam pulled the dagger from his belly and pressed against the wound with his hand. He stepped forward, sword raised and pointed towards the Count. "Hello!" he shouted. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary. You killed my mother, prepare to die!"
Chuck pulled Count Azazel to the side, away from Dean and the rest of the guards. He spoke very quietly. "Take Castiel to The Pit for questioning. Keep him as long as you'd like."
When they arrived at the shimmering ripple, they shared a reassuring look. Castiel took Dean's hand, and they stepped through together.
"I never said I loved him."
"I - yes, I will meet you outside. Be careful, Dean."
"I sincerely hope you find him someday," said The Man. He stood up straighter. He put the waterskin away and this time, when he reached for his sword, Sam didn't stop him.
It was all in a letter with the Heavenly seal upon the envelope. War had not yet broken out, but tensions ran high between the two kingdoms. Castiel's troop had been sent on a secret mission past Hell's gates and been discovered by the Dread Demon Caine.
Suddenly Chuck was aglow in a strange light. The ground began to tremble under foot and the sound of it was like thunder. From nowhere a lightning strike cracked and struck out at Amara, but a black smoke had erupted just in time to absorb the blow.
Dean chuckles with relief. "Cas, that's just a cold, man. Did you never have one the first time you were human?"
Sam removed the sword and let Azazel's body slide to the ground. A wave of emotions washed over him, the primary one being relief. It was over and he had done right by his mother, even if he could never bring her back.
And then Cas is sliding down beneath the sheet, his warm mouth going to work, and Dean’s mind goes pleasantly blank except to think,
So for now, Kevin would do as he was told. His eyes strayed to the man on the table. Despite the injuries to his chest and arm, he looked strong. But Kevin knew he would not be strong enough to endure what was coming, and pitied him.
Cas was a bit nervous, but not abundantly so. He was confident he could endure whatever this machine was because he had his secret. It was something he had discovered back when Cain had tortured him (before the demon had found a soft spot for him). It was easy to endure torture when you could take your mind away. And the best way to take his mind away was to think of Dean.
Yes, yes he is. The bunker's internal heating system is loud and gives off an unpleasant burning smell, so they haven't been using it of late, and the space heaters they have in various rooms do very little for the bunker overall due to its sheer size.
"Wait. Stop," Cas says. "I don't think we should do this if you're not sure. I've done some research and found that it's incredibly important to receive verbal, enthusiastic consent in these types of situations."
Crowley began to shake with laughter. "You nitwit. You only think I chose wrong because I switched the goblets when you weren't looking! You should have known better than to challenge me! You may be good, but I'm Crowley!"
"Well, after a month, he told me was done torturing me. I assumed he meant to kill me, so I said: Please, I have to live. And amazingly, he listened to me speak of you. He was quiet for awhile, thoughtful. Then he left me alone in my cell that night, and the next morning, he let me out."
Dean hurried over to them and sprayed liquid over each monster, be it body or head or both. Those with the ability screamed bloody murder as their entire being dissolved horrifically, leaving behind clothes, bits of bone and not much else. Dean, experienced hunter though he was, still had to resist the urge to gag.
This one left them all behind.
"What?" he asks, squinting in the way that's
Suddenly, the witch's hand began to glow on Cas's chest, radiating heat and light and – hopefully – life.
Dean felt a sense of foreboding. "Why?"
Dean felt as if he had swallowed a hot stone. "No. Heaven's Great Council was supposed to return his angel powers and wings to him before his mission."
The bunker is theirs.
"He's already dead," added Benny helpfully. Her eyes flitted to the vampire and then back to Sam, lingering over his long legs, his broad chest, and his muscular arms.
"Yes, very," he says.
"I'm sorry, but the word of someone I don't know means surprisingly little."
Amara smiled. "Then I'll give you whatever you need. A carriage and driver perhaps? With food for the journey and traveling attire, if you'll have it?"
Dean felt white hot rage shoot through his stomach and into his chest. He pounded down the steps of the farmhouse and across the yard until he stood in front of the two.
"Aye," said Benny, but he didn't look pleased about it, and watched rather forlornly as Crowley pulled Dean away.
It’s a lucky thing, but Jack actually does sleep through it all, just as they had hoped.
"Hush, woman! I am
The giant sighed. Benny didn't really sleep, exactly, so it was no surprise he'd heard Sam twisting and turning in the bed across from him.
"Decent! I was decent to the Royal family for my whole life. I worshipped the ground the Queen stood upon, and look where that got me! Fired by her swine of a brother!"
"He died well though. Even after the torture, there was no begging, no blubbery. He just said - 'Please. Please, I have to live.' It was the please that stood out to me. I asked him what was so important that he had to live for. True love is what he said. And then he spoke of a man of great looks, a skilled hunter, who was loyal to a fault, and the best man he ever knew. I can only assume he meant you. It was kinder for me to kill him before he found out what you really are."
And then, as the men on the cliff all watched, he began to climb.
Castiel practically growled in frustration. "I don't care. We need to get to Dean. I have no doubt that Chuck intends to kill him. With any luck he'll wait until after the wedding to make some kind of big dramatic storyline, but I'm not going to give him the chance."
It was a hard pill to swallow, she thought. Not that her brother would stoop so low - he had always been a rat - but that no one had bothered to look for her. Had she been that bad a Queen that she had simply not been missed? The angels had always been Chuck's lot, so she wasn't surprised they obeyed him without question. The mortals knew less than nothing about the politics of the kingdom. But the demons? She had always been fair to them and had let them run Hell as they saw fit. She knew that balance needed to be maintained, unlike her brother, who sought wars for his own amusement. But not one demon, nor witch, or even a lowly vampire had ever sought to save her.
"Oh no, Sam!"
Benny and Sam headed upstairs to retrieve some of their belongings. Charlie decided to pack them some food for the road. Rowena, however, hung back with Cas. She hovered over him in order for their eyes to meet properly.
Cas felt a heaviness return to his heart. He'd used up a lot of energy getting to this point, and had placed a lot of stock on reuniting with Dean in person. But still, there was no other choice. He agreed to the plan and left the door, walking back to the stairway. His legs were feeling weak and shaky again, and his breathing was coming hard.
– he thought.
Two hours later and Dean can't sleep because Cas can't sleep. He can hear the former angel's hacking coughs from all the way down the hall. They sound painful as hell, and Dean's heart is twisting at the sound.
As The Man came nearer, Crowley grabbed Dean and placed a blade to his throat. "Come closer and he dies."
Something hard in his reach, too hard. It cracked in his grip. Brittle. A bone, he knew it was the bone of someone long dead and buried. Dean dropped it and continued his blind search, attempting to swim through the immaterial sand.
Dean was too overwhelmed to think properly.
Dean beamed at him. "She doesn't usually like strangers."
"Cas? Cas!"
“You should go back to bed, Sam.”
The Count didn't have the faintest clue who that was, because in truth he had probably killed a lot of people's mothers over the years. A few things were clear, though. He was outnumbered, with a vampire at his back and the greatest swordsman he had ever seen in front of him - one apparently with a furious need for vengeance. Count Azazel was no coward, not generally, but he was also no idiot. He'd have to get away first, then perhaps gain the upper hand, or at least lose one of them.
“Does it have any action?”
The young man went and retrieved a towel and a small vial of diluted angel grace. He set to unbuttoning the man's shirt to have better access to his wounds. He soaked the corner of the towel in the grace and began dabbing at the torn skin.
He sighed and vigorously shook the branches nearest him. The rustling sound gave him away immediately, as was intended. The Man in Black looked at him and pulled out his sword.
Crowley shouted at his henchmen. "Go after him!"
is worthy of my time."
Benny looked down at Dean's blade in his hand. "We fight," he said. "Not as monsters or masters, though. As men. I won't use either of these," he said, pointing from his fangs to the blade, "if you don't use that," he gestured to The Man's sword.
"I will be back in a few hours, Kevin. Have everything prepared by then."
, he thought sadly. He hadn't saved Cas or himself, and now Benny and probably the others were caught up in it as well. He wondered if maybe Sam would live to fight another day, but that didn't seem likely, either.
Castiel smiled gratefully and stepped inside Dean’s apartment. He looked around with some curiosity, though what he could make out in the lowlight was hard to say. “What smells amazing?” he asked, taking a deep inhale.
Just after noon, the two stopped for a lovely picnic. They spread out a blanket under a fine old oak tree and ate a good serving of the delicious food that Queen Amara had sent with them.
Dean nodded. He found he couldn't look at Cas to say goodbye. There was a lump in his throat.
For a second, he's Cas, Dean's Cas, again. He remembers all the best of his life. Jack. Claire. The Winchesters. He cries then, even though angels don't cry. "Dean?"
It had saved him several times over.
Then The Count left again, certain as he always was that fear would keep Kevin in his place.
"Again, thank you." The Man took the opportunity to lean against a nearby rock for support. He reached into the bag upon his back and pulled out a waterskin, then took a long drink from it.
"Jack and Mary. Did they -?"
“Well, he may have brought a surprise for you.”
Much news was shared between all of them. Dean learned of Cas's untimely demise and resurrection, and Kevin learned that his his tormentor, The Count, had been justly killed for his crimes. Eventually, the details of the whole affair had come together for them all.
"I know," you say.
The horses all scattered and ran, except Baby who pawed the ground nervously, looking wild and scared.
They try not to take him on hunts anymore. He sneaks out while they sleep and hunts anyway. Vampires fall, bloody and brutal. Werewolves torn apart. Whispers of the Dark Angel float through the monster community. He doesn't mind. Let them be afraid for once.
Then he came to his senses. Chuck wouldn't need to knock or to try and break down the door. Still, he kept his hands on the sheet in case he needed to scramble out the window for a quick escape.
"Well, if that's the case," Benny said slowly, "then we need to go that way." He tilted his chin towards their left, through the overgrown trees.
was situated outside of Baby's stable stall, and the truth of the last three years was staring him in the face.
"Cas is on his way down," said Dean suddenly. "He was at my door but couldn't get through. He said he'd meet me on the grounds."
Benny grimaced but held back a sour retort for Sam's sake. The witch seemed just a little too pleased with herself for shutting him up, but if she could help them, he'd deal with it.
Whenever she opens her door to you, there's a look of concern on her face, and you understand why. "Castiel. Is everything okay? Sam and Dean -?"
When he looked back at Cas, Dean simply couldn't help it. A flood of relief encompassed him, and he pulled the former angel into a tight embrace. "Cas, I take back what I said about it not being so bad. It is pure - pure crap. Let's get out of here, alright?"
"I will only say this once, Chuck. We were - are - family, in spite of the way you have treated me. You and I both know I cannot kill you and you cannot kill me. But...I can make you hurt, if I have to. Surrender yourself now and it won't come to that."
Right, he’d already forgotten. The blowjob was a warm-up act only. Cas leans down and kisses him, his hand making sure to stroke Dean as he does so, keeping him stiff and on edge.
Dean sighed. It was rare that he had unexpected visitors, and he was tempted to ignore it, but in the end he thought that might be too rude, even for him. He went and opened his door, and found a somewhat familiar-looking man standing there in the darkened hall.
“Oh no, I don’t want to impose,” said Castiel.
It was a wretched voice, a broken one, and Dean could not bear to look at the pain he was causing Castiel. But this was how it had to be. He could sacrifice his own happiness for Cas's life. He could sacrifice anything for that.
Benny sighed. "Deadman's blood?"
And then at last they turned to Castiel and Dean, who were now getting Baby's saddle ready.
But Dean
"Leviathan? Cas, those aren't real. They're just –"
Cas ignores him.
Kevin smiled. "Thank you, my Queen."
"Hello," Sam said, in a voice that was deadly calm. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary. You killed my mother. Prepare to die."
You end up driving away just for something to do, something to focus on. You speed too much, but it's late and there's no one else on the road. You try so very hard not to think about driving these same roads with the boys, sitting backseat while the two laughed and bickered about where to stop for lunch.
, thought Dean.
There was a black one that was quick to become Sam's favorite, with its trusting eyes and easy nature. He pet its head and it blinked contentedly.
The Count, The Prince's right-hand man, said, "We must set off at once to rescue him."
Though Uriel was just as bored with his post, he could never find the candor of Zachariah. "You're blaspheming again, Zachariah. You're lucky the prince is not here."
"Well, Kevin. If I'm a prisoner, why are you healing me?"
Prince Chuck made a show of thinking it over. "Alright. I'd never wish to cause you distress, Dean. He will be returned to his ship and free to go as he pleases."
The sword dropped from Dean's hand. His vision was getting fuzzy around the edges.
"Stop saying that!" yelled Azazel, unable to keep the panic from his voice. And for good reason - he was losing ground and the giant showed no signs of slowing, despite the gut wound. Then Azazel's back was to the wall.
Dean nods. "Coming up," he says.
Benny grimaced and saw the same distasteful expression pass over their captive's face. "Man," Dean said, "I know your kind can't help it, but that's sick. If I got turned, I'd rather die than drain some poor bastard."
Except, except, except. It never happened like that. At least, he's pretty sure it didn't. Not real. Maybe none of it was.
, is the hottest thing he’s ever had the pleasure of experiencing.
Chuck turned his gaze to Dean, his expression softening slightly. "I see. A misunderstanding! If that's the case, then I am indebted. He has returned you to me, and good timing too, with our wedding coming up so soon!"
Then he pulled one of the drawers from his dresser. It was a finely crafted and stately piece of furniture, so of course Dean didn't give a damn about it. He dumped the clothes from the drawer quickly, then surveyed his target. He lifted the drawer into his arms, and with a great effort, he heaved it with all his might against the window.
But more on that later.
"Boss, I think we have a problem."
Kevin swallowed. "Perhaps someone stole it."
Dean was about to thank Cas but there wasn't time. Three more Leviathan jumped towards Castiel, at least one with a weapon. The former angel was able to knock two back with his sword, but the third managed to slash Cas across the chest and upper arm with a flailing dagger.
Weeks passed. Dean awoke each morning and worked the farm. He hunted at night, killing all monsters that strayed across his path. He drank himself to sleep.
“Now, where were we?” he said in low voice.
Prince Chuck appeared to be having the same thoughts. He stood nonchalantly across from Cas, an eyebrow raised in apparent amusement.
Blue eyes stare back at him from the other pillow. There's something so soft about Cas right now, in the early morning, with bed head and warm blankets surrounding them both. Dean feels his own nerves vibrate in his every cell, in every fiber of his being.
Sam stared down at the former angel. "I know how much it means to you, to make sure that Dean fellow is okay. But the yellow-eyed man. I need to know that you'll help me find him, too."
Dean looked Prince Chuck over. He was not much, but Dean supposed he could do worse. His heart was not in it, of course. John whispered to his son. "It is up to you, Dean, but it may be...unwise...to refuse him. Godly creatures are not above petty revenge."
"Bag. Water," Cas croaked.
"Brother, aren't you a sight for sore eyes."
Words from Prince Chuck's own hand. His cockiness had allowed him to write his schemes as stories, but Dean would make him regret this folly.
"No, do-" started Uriel, but he could not finish the statement before Dean slapped the angel banishing mark with a bloody hand.
"What do you mean?" asked Sam.
"My way?"
Pain and disbelief enveloped Sam. He fell back against the wall for support. He clutched at his wound, and his own red blood coated his hand.
Sam nodded his agreement and Benny just sighed. For once he did not envy them their humanity, and instead pitied the way they could be ruled, even foolishly so, by their fierce hearts.
Rowena delicately opened Castiel's shirt, then scooped up a ladle full of her potion.
All eyes turned to Dean. "Excuse me?" asked Prince Chuck, at the same time Cas said, "Come again?"
The padlock was broken to pieces.
He'd never been to this area of the castle before. The lower floors were generally reserved for servant chambers. And apparently prisoners.
Dean laughs in relief. "Hate to break it to you, Cas, but I'm already sick. My throat's been burning since I woke up. But guess what?"
Things were looking down, at least from Castiel's perspective, and quite literally. He had just finished talking with Dean and was now standing on the edge of the third floor stairs.
requests?"
Dean walked towards the cell. "Queen Amara?"
"No," Dean coughed out. "Not to me."
been the one to find the note, for at that time he was still being rather unceremoniously dragged through the halls as Benny and Sam took turns fighting off guards and pulling him along.
Dean looks to Sam for support. Sam says nothing - his eyes are full of that familiar wrathful vengeance, and Cas finds solace in that. They hunt together, him and Sam.
Cas nods and reaches over to open the drawer, removing a small bottle of lube. He pops the cap and spreads some on two fingers, Dean watching with mild apprehension. Cas notices, tries to reassure him. “If you’re sure about this Dean, you should relax.”
Count Azazel approached him, still with caution but clearly feeling as though the threat was greatly diminished. He finally had a chance to look at his foe properly.
Cas meets his eyes, squints a little. "Thank you, Dean. I'm not used to being cared for – it's refreshing."
is his body?"
Count Azazel was rather annoyed. "Well, so much for that," he said, starting to remove the restraints from the fomer angel's body.
"Uh, thanks," said Dean awkwardly, and he was very glad that Sam set him down quickly.
And then he placed a hand on Dean's shoulder and began pulling him along, although not as roughly as he could have.
"Are you a vampire or not? Drink him dry!"
Dean swallowed. He didn't want to entertain the idea that Cas might not come for him. "Okay," said Dean. "If he - I'll write the letters."
As it turns out, they had no soup, so Dean went out for a run. He's back in thirty minutes and unloading his stock when Sam comes into the kitchen.
Dean swallows, not sure how to explain to Cas that sharing a bed to watch a movie is one thing, but sharing sheets is another matter entirely. It's too close, too intimate, and probably not something you should do with your best friend.
Chuck, like Cas, was clearly suppressing his true feelings. The smile on his face was cold, his eyes empty of all regard. "Glad to hear it," he said. "But now, as I've said, you've been accused of kidnapping my betrothed. The sentence for such a crime is death, of course."
The idea revolts you, but it would be something. Anything better than being alone in your own skin, your own head.
Count Azazel lifted his own sword just in time to block Sam's sudden attack. And then the two were at it, blades connecting in a cacophony of metallic clinks.
"I can't marry you," Dean said without preamble. "I belong with Castiel. And if you say I must marry you - well, I don't intend to live without him."
There was movement to his left, and he raised the Borax can automatically, but it was only Cas. He was a little pale. "You're bleeding," Dean said, eyeing Cas's injured chest and shoulder.
"There's – there's something wrong with me, Dean."
Sure enough, Chuck was there writing away at his latest story.
His dread increased immeasurably. Queen Amara had gotten her powers back. How?
Cas, for his part, has been on the delicate edge ever since he slipped inside Dean. The sensations of Dean around him, and the sight of him sweating and gasping and
Gabriel blinked. "I'm not there yet," he pouted.
Jack doesn’t end up making a wish, though. He doesn’t need to.
His heart nearly stopped again. He knew that voice!
Suddenly there was a crashing sound down the hallway.
"Aye aye, Captain," he said. Benny paused to retie Dean's hands, and the hunter groaned at having been discovered. He had been so close to loosing the knot again. "Brother, give it a rest. There's no way out of this one."
Paranoia was starting to take hold. The Queen was locked up, but she was not entirely a secret. Several angels knew the truth, though not all. Which could he trust? And he had outside enemies, of course. Demons, mostly. But none would dare...
Cas's expression was appraising. "Never say never."
"What, how?"
Cas nodded slightly in confirmation. "Well, the story I told you was true. Heaven's Great Council sent me to Hell as a human. They said the power of the angels would provide a good cover and distraction while I got the real intel. But I knew it was still part of my punishment for having fallen."
Sam grimaced. “Cas, you know that thing where you smite people and burn out their eyeballs? I’m gonna need you to do that ASAP.”
Rowena began to chant in a language even Sam didn't recognize, although it did seem to utilize a few Enochian words.
The large man spoke suddenly, through gritted teeth. "Hello," he said. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary. You killed my mother. Prepare to die."
Sam shook his head. He pulled his sword out and held it out for The Man to admire. "My mother made this sword at the request of a nobleman with yellow eyes. It took her over a year to complete it. It was her finest work."
Sam’s eyes widened. “But…Dean’s not... And neither are
Michael eyed Cas with an appraising expression. "Castiel. I haven't seen you since your fall from grace. How's the humanity treating you?"
So when Count Azazel turned on the machine, Cas simply took his mind away to Dean. He thought of the endless green of his eyes. He thought of his hands, scarred but steady and the warmth of him and -
Dean looked around. The one called Crowley was staring out at the sea and paying him no mind. Benny was cleaning his teeth, which protruded very sharply from his mouth. So a demon, a vampire, a giant and a human board a boat. It sounded like the start of a bad joke.
Dean bit his lip, thinking hard. Queen Amara was a powerful goddess, and perhaps the only one that could rival Chuck. It was clear that the only reason the prince had not killed her was because they shared a cosmic blood connection. Hurting her could destroy him as well. It was no wonder he had trapped her and lied to the public about her health instead.
Rowena felt quite fond of them all, which was a rather a new experience for the witch. So it was with a tinge of sadness that she spared a thought for the following day, when everyone was destined to go their separate ways.
Cas scowled. "Unless I can tap them to death, it's not much use. We need something impressive, something that will scare most of them away without a fight. Do we have any other assets on us?"
Once upon a time, the fallen angel had been as dutiful as any of his kind. But the love he had for humanity had cost him, and now his stupid, precious, profound love for Dean Winchester was going to cost him again. This was Chuck's game, and he no longer felt like playing with a wild card in the deck.
“Cas, what the hell are you doing here? And…where are your clothes?”
Rowena set immediately to work. She began to gather materials from around the room. She pulled some ingredients from the cabinets and brought them to a small cauldron in the corner. She mixed everything together and with a twitch of her hand, she lit a small flame beneath it. A haze of purple smoke rose from the newly simmering concoction.
"No offense, but I've never known vampires to care very much about fairness."
in closer. He has always seemed to love a good post-coital cuddle, or at least he always has with Cas.
Jack grinned. Despite the fact that his parents had never gotten married, Jack had a great father who loved him very much. “Awesome!” he exclaimed. “Last time, he said he’d bring his glove and we could play catch!” Jack made to get out of bed, but Kelly pushed him back with a gentle hand to his chest.
Dean felt a little put out, since he wasn’t sure he could make any new conversation out of this. He was not religious by any means, and didn’t feel particularly knowledgeable about the subject, either.
If only she had some ally, even just one, she was sure she could break the binding spell and set things right.
"No. All the screaming will make my headache worse."
Dean Winchester, however, had never been particularly adept at words. Or feelings. Or love. He spent several days in his room, avoiding Castiel altogether. How could he say those three words?
Dean. Green eyes shiny, shimmering, happy. Fast forward. The movie is over. Sam, Eileen and Jack go to bed. He's about to say goodnight to Dean as well, but then, but then, but then.
The Man in Black was making progress pulling himself up the cliff, but it was certainly slow-going. Sam pulled out his sword and slashed the air, his footwork precise and steady.
“--Happy Birthday Dear Jack, Happy Birthday to you!”
Cas, however, seemed unperturbed by his own story. "Cain captured us all. Separated us. I don't know what became of them – they may still be in Hell. But he was particularly interested in me," Cas said. "You see, I was a human among angels. The two have never mixed particularly well, and he thought it strange that a military operation would include both."
Dean stood up from his spot on the ground and heaved a heavy sigh. He pet Baby's head, hoping it would not be for the last time now that his mission was more dangerous than ever.
"But you won't," said a harsh voice, and Dean was shocked to see it was Cas that had spoken from beside him.
"Ten if they're humans," said Benny. "Won't be so good if there are any angels."
Dean turned away from the sickening sight and back to the others. Even the bodies of the ones that had been decapitated were still crawling towards their severed heads. Dean wasn't surprised – the lore said they could survive beheadings and put themselves back together like some nightmarish puzzle.
Sam and Benny shared a look. What domestic drama had they walked in on?
Dean's voice, muffled through the metal. "I'll find a way, Cas. I swear I'll find a way and come back for you."
Dean nodded. When Cas put it that way, Dean could kind of see the appeal. “I never thought that much about it, but I get what you’re saying. Religion is a huge influence all over the world…kinda cool to dissect what that means.”
"A…a giant. And a vampire."
Crowley grinned. "Oh, this is too simple by far! All I have to do is divine from what I know of you - are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or that of his enemies?"
The clang of metal on metal was added to the far away sound of the sea's waves lapping against the shore.
Cas was covered in the black goo of Leviathan blood, but he looked powerful, with his sword still in hand and eyes a blazing blue. A monster's worst nightmare for sure. Dean would have thought it was over, but all the dropped Leviathan were still moving, writhing. The one Dean had stabbed through the gut was even standing again, weaker but with wrath etched in every line of his face.
he thought as he made his way stealthily across the courtyard.
of the terrible crap he pulled. You know he can't forgive himself still, but really, who can? It's probably punishment enough. You're just happy (unbelievably happy) he's alive.
Dean's body shuddered as he felt the reins of control being taken away from him. The prince snapped his fingers again, and now Dean was dressed in formal attire.
"Hiya, Cas," she said.
This one was ugly as sin, a big male Leviathan, scabbed face and dark eyes. "Hello, human," it said. "Ready to die?"
Then the Count lead his men out of the chapel, all of them grabbing hold of their weapons as they went.
, and it's strange timing because you really thought that you were finally on good terms again. You've been through Purgatory together, and eventually both came out if not perfectly intact, at least sane. You've been friendly enough, you've even openly forgiven him for
The study of pain.
They have awoken together, beside each other, and something has changed. A cosmic tilt in the universe.
Rowena's chant never wavered, and Amara's hold grew stronger, and Castiel stood ready to fight again with his hand still outstretched, and even Dean Winchester now had a sword pointed in Chuck's direction.
And you're not gay, but you're quickly realizing that you might not be
And that's how you find yourself at Jody Mills' home for wayward youth, and you know you can't stay for long (she has enough on her plate), but she's invited you in and that's something.
"Already there, pal," he says.
"It would be my pleasure," said The Count. "But right now, we must get you back to your ship." Even as he said this, the Royal Guards were closing in a circle around Castiel. Most still had their swords at the ready.
The sinking feeling was back. "The Prince killed him?" Sam asked quietly.
"No...no..."
What with one thing and another, three years passed. Prince Chuck arranged the details for a grand wedding, though Dean spent very little time with the man that was to be his groom. He was less likely to get on his nerves that way, although occasionally Dean still found his behavior grating. Especially when he forced Dean to read the stories he wrote, and Dean didn't have the energy to tell him that they sucked.
It was intoxicating and perfect…
Dean edges closer to the bed so he can better see Cas's face. He feels a weight in his chest and a pull he can't explain. "Do you miss it?" he asks before he can stop himself. "Being an angel?"
He stripped his mattress and tied some of the sheets together, then tied one end to the sturdy leg of the bed. It wasn't likely to get him all the way down to the ground, but it would get him lower, and he might just have to risk a rolled ankle if it came to jumping.
"Alright, count of three. One, two...three!"
Dean was far too used to demon showboating to be intimidated. "I just want you to know that, in the unlikely event that I don't break free and kill you all, Prince Chuck will find you and do it anyway. He may be a little self-centered, but he is a powerful being who won't take too kindly to the kidnapping of his future husband."
Dean felt shock surge through him, and then panic. What had he just done?
It was less than a minute, but it felt like it had been an eternity when Castiel finally gasped and coughed aloud. It was a raspy, choking sound, dry as death, but Dean could not have been more thrilled to hear it.
"You're in The Count's secret underground lab. They call it The Pit. And I - I am no one."
A brute squad had been formed, and they were incredibly efficient at clearing out the village. But none of them were strong enough or brave enough to take on the giant.
"It's wine, not tea," said The Man humorlessly. He picked up the mysterious vial of powder and took out the stopper. "And this is our battle of wits." He handed it to Crowley, who took it carefully. "Inhale, but do not touch."
Jack gave a noncommittal grunt.
Again, there was the stirring of recognition.
"We have to go now!" said Castiel urgently.
Kevin felt a jolt in his gut. He had assumed The Man in Black to be human and hadn't dreamed he was one of the fallen angels whose grace was stored right in this very dungeon.
Amara sighed. "It wasn't a threat, Chuck. It was a warning. And it's more than you deserve."
"No."
Sam nodded. "If we even can run. Not sure where we could go that Chuck won't find us. But you're right, we have to try. We'll need a quicker get-away. I saw the stables out back, maybe we can ride out on some horses?"
And he never did.
"I know what you are, Castiel."
"I'm sorry, I didn't know," said Rowena. "I would have helped if—"
"Thank you," The Man said. He reached for his sword, but Sam stopped him.
You must look a mess because she can't stop surveying your face, looking for an answer as to why an angel is on her doorstep. "Yes, of course."
Sam lowered his sword slightly, ready to surrender if it was needed to save Benny's life. "Listen, sir, we have no qualms with you. I'm seeking the murderer, Count Azazel."
Rowena gave him an unmistakable look of pity. "Don't take this the wrong way, dear. It's just…all the fallen angels I've ever known – they act rashly. They take their new mortality for granted, and it usually costs them greatly. So. I just wanted to ask. Are you sure taking on Chuck is worth the risk? Even with your angel powers it would be difficult, without them…"
Crowley was right, of course. Dean knew his lore well. He began to swim more frantically.
He hadn't shaved in days.
want him alive for vengeance. Not exactly on the same page, are you?"
"Well, Cain ordered his crew off his ship, and since no one could argue with him, it went unquestioned. He instructed me to wear all black, and after that, we took on an entirely new crew. Timothy stayed on as my first mate for a time, calling me Cain all the while. Soon everyone knew me as Cain, and Timothy chose to retire. I'm told that the real Cain has been retired 200 hundred years and living like a king in an alternate universe."
And then Rowena finished in a loud, carrying voice. She gave Amara a nod, and the Queen snapped her fingers. Chuck disappeared right before all their eyes.
Chuck and -
Prince Chuck stood his ground, but Dean had to tear his eyes away from the scene when he heard a nearby voice cry out.
Dean rubbed his face in agitation. He should have known it would not be that easy. "Okay, so…to get your powers back, we need a witch?"
“Well, good news! Your dad is here.”
"Thanks, Benny."
Unsurprisingly, this started a bit of a panic at the main gate. Demons were one thing, but THE Dread Demon Cain was infamous. And a massive flaming figure might alarm anyone, no matter the name.
"I know," replied Dean. "I read his stories. They're trash, but that's how I found you. I want to help you and ask for your help finishing Chuck in return."
"Charlie, can't you see I'm busy?"
Cas squinted at him. “You’re being facetious.”
"Yes, Sam told me. I'm sorry for your loss. I know she meant the world to you guys, and sounds like that boy - Jack - did too."
Her death opens the floodgates of burning hatred, his insides become an empty chasm to be filled with bodies and blood. Dean sees his look and, for once, is the reasonable brother.
Chuck was ready for both Dean and Benny. He snapped his fingers once more, and both gasped and bent double just as they reached Cas, who was also still kneeling in the clutches of pain.
It was while they were distracted with the ship that Dean made his move, leaping into the sea to freedom. He was a strong swimmer and knew he could make it to the other ship. He only hoped that there was someone friendly waiting there.
Sam realized,
The Man took the two wine goblets and took back the vial, then turned away from Crowley so that he could not see what he was doing. Then he returned the goblets to the ground between them, setting one in front of Crowley and the other directly in front of himself.
How much time had passed? A minute? Two? How long could Cas hold his breath?
It was true. The moment he felt the rope go slack, The Man in Black had made a desperate but skilled leap. His hands scrambled for a grip. Fingers dug into the cliff face and found a hold. His toes perched on the narrowest of ledges. He took a deep breath, clearly to steady himself.
"I'm not like your family, Dean," he says firmly. "I don't want to be your brother."
“Burgers. Hey, have you eaten yet?” asked Dean suddenly. “Do you want to join me?”
Sam felt as if the wind had been knocked out of him.
"Uh, what did I miss?"
You wait, and wait, and when he fails to elaborate – "Okay, and? Spill it, Cas!"
Azazel liked to call it research.
"As you wish," he said.
so close, when Cas slides his lips off of him without much warning. The loss of the sensation is almost painful, and Dean nearly growls in frustration. “Hey, Cas, what gives?”
"Not remotely! Because everyone knows Michael was an archangel, and archangels are used to people not trusting them, as you are not trusted by me, so clearly I cannot choose the wine in front of you."
Dean moved to block him. "Cas, I...aren't you angry with me? She - she liked you - and I made her leave and...if it were me, I think I'd probably punch myself in the face."
a witch. Ten thousand it is."
Cas, however, doesn't seem to give it a second thought and is already sliding to one side of the mattress to make room for Dean. Throat dry, Dean lays down and chooses not to slip under covers, even though there's a bit of a draft and he's getting goosebumps.
“Of course,” says Sam. “Happy Birthday, Jack.”
Rowena fought back her embarrassment. "Your brother fired me, Your Majesty. I believed what he told me - that it was under your command. He said I was clearly unfit since your illness was getting worse."
Chuck's heart was hammering in his chest. He had to make sure the Queen was secure, that his castle was safe, that his plans and precious stories could proceed as intended. He looked at Dean, who was swaying slightly.
Kevin was supposed to be cleaning The Pit – and he was – but his mind was far from the task at hand.
"We have to do something about this, Cas."
Sam was faring a little better, but quickly getting worn down. Constant parrying, his feet dancing like they were on hot coals, every move immediately followed by another to prevent attacks from landing.
Cas smiles, then reaches down and places a finger at Dean’s entrance. He watches Dean’s face as he sinks in, gentle but deep. He allows Dean a moment to adjust. “This is weird,” says Dean.
Cas's voice is full of quiet surprise. "You stayed."
And you're not gay, but your hand is suddenly on Cas's cheek and you're seriously considering kissing him, and he's looking at you with that squinty-eyed confusion which is possibly the cutest damn thing you've ever seen.
The Count wheeled over a strange looking machine from the corner of the dungeon. It was connected to a pulley system, had many gears, and several wires coming out of it, which ended in little suction cups.
The Prince kept glancing at Dean. His groom was glassy-eyed and stiff, but Gabriel couldn't blame him. Getting married to Prince Chuck could hardly be an affair one undertook while sober.
Benny swallowed hard and turned to Castiel. "He's been bleeding out for awhile. Can you –?"
Amara approached her brother. Though she seemed resolute, there was a sadness about her, too.
"There are some things about humanity that I'd hate to give up, though."
Cas nods and hits play. Dean once again settles back against the pillow and turns his eyes to the movie. For awhile it's pretty quiet together as they watch the classic tale of high adventure and true love.
"I suppose you're wondering why I've come to call."
Cas looked at him tenderly. "Of course."
Dean shrugs a little. "I don't know, maybe once or twice a year for me? More for some people, less for others."
Rowena sighed. "They're going against a god. It would take a miracle."
Cas looked at him as though he were a pitiable child. “Sam, I’m an ancient divine being of light. Your current social constructs of sexuality have never been particularly important to me. As for Dean…he’s still figuring things out, but we have been having sex for a couple weeks now, and he seems to really enjoy –”
"I told you, Dean. I am indebted to you. All of you," she said, staring around at the wayward, mighty group before her. Then she looked down at Sam. "And that includes him."
, Cas was
As Cas closed the door, Sam distinctly heard Dean’s voice say, “Took you long enough, my hands are going numb over here!”
"Not really," said Dean shortly, and the Prince grimaced slightly. He was used to being worshiped, not brushed off. Still, he pressed on as though he hadn't heard the hunter.
Two bodies emerged from around the corner on the even floor below , two sets of arms grabbed onto him before he could tumble any further. He saw a flash of red hair and then he was being set straight up and supported on each side. His whole body now was starting to feel numb, but he managed to turn his head to look at one of his rescuers.
Kevin wouldn't look at him. He put the cork back in the vial of grace.
What a lovely bunch of stiffs.
Benny got there first. Charlie looked up at him with tears glistening in her eyes. "I - I can't find his pulse."
"What happened to The Man in Black?"
And then a terrible shrieking began, and Dean felt something moving in the water just to his left. With horror, he realized —
But the energy died at his fingertips, and Sam did not stir. "I - he's too far gone," Cas said.
"But have you ever considered that Castiel may not want you now? You were a bit cold to him when we left, after he fought so hard for you. You didn't even say goodbye."
"But you're not an angel anymore."
You don't dare to hope that this might exist for you again someday.
"Rowena!" Charlie exclaimed. "Ten thousand? You could do that resurrection spell in your sleep!"
Cas is on him before Sam or Dean can get there. A hand to his throat. Eyes bulging. Someone screaming. Sam and Dean manage to rip him away. Cops are called and they flee before they can be arrested.
"Yes, Count?"
Dean says nothing. Sam says nothing.
She could help him. She could get them into the castle and protect him on his mission. Together they would be much more likely to get the grace to the fallen angel. It would be dangerous. It could even be suicide.
"Eyes like a mad dog," said another.
Cas was ahead of him when it happened; he stepped on what had appeared to be solid ground only to find that it was very much
Then he looked back at Gabriel.
Dean bit his lip, then pulled away from Cas. Cas sighed and started to move as well, but Dean held up a hand to stop him. “Hold on, Cas, stay exactly where you are, okay?”
"What's that?"
you think. "The boys are fine," you answer. "No one is currently in danger. I just wanted - can I come in?"
"Heard wrong, my dear. Didn't you know that Remedy Rowena is out of business? The Queen's brother fired me."
"Good to hear," Benny said. "Now, about the rest of this plan. I know you guys wanted to fight, but after everything, I think running is our only chance."
And then a silent prayer.
Because you're not gay, and yet you felt a surge of disappointment when he pulled his face away from yours. Specifically his lips away from yours. And you're not gay, but he looks good in that stupid trench coat, and he smells good, and maybe you want to feel close to him too. Just for a moment.
On his heels, two smaller figures could be seen exiting the castle behind him, but Dean could hardly take his eyes away from Castiel.
Dean was trying his damndest to make it work with Prince Chuck, despite the fact that all thought of the wedding made his stomach churn.
“What? I heard groaning! I thought someone was being attacked. Dean –"
And shove him backward into the box.
Oofta, that was a hard chapter. Lots of exposition and fighting - hopefully not too clunky and still enjoyable. Reviews always appreciated!
"I can handle torture," Cas said, more to himself than anyone.
"And now, I am strong enough. I will never stop searching for the yellow-eyed man, and when I find him, this time I will not lose. I will say: Hello. My name is Samuel, son of Mary. You killed my mother. Prepare to die."
Charlie and Kevin took Benny's place kneeling over Sam, checking his pulse and fretting helplessly. The giant was getting paler by the minute.
It was hard to see since the person was backlit, but Benny's sharp eyes missed nothing. "I'll be damned," he said. "It's Dean."
Benny nodded. "I appreciate that. He's a good man, and a friend to me."
Rowena beamed and Charlie blushed. They looked at each other, then back at the Queen. "We would like that very much," said Charlie.
There's a shuffle of movement, blankets shifting and the sound of a plastic bag being set on the floor. A slight creak of the laptop hinge and then Cas is aglow in the eerie light of the screen.
Sam and Dean should head to bed, but they don’t. As a Nephilim, Jack only needs a few hours to recharge, and more often than not, he wakes before the sun. To surprise him, they’re going to need to wait. Sam reads while Dean naps on Cas’s lap. It’s new, the thing between them, but it’s good. Luckily Sam doesn’t mind the mild PDA. It’s nice to see Dean and Cas finally happy, and the only thing that’s missing is for Eileen to come back from visiting some family for the picture to be complete. Sam can’t wait.
Dean stared angrily back, rage building in his chest. He pulled at the bonds around his hands, but they didn't give way quite yet. "I have loved more deeply than a demon like you could ever imagine."
Cas smiles softly at him and Dean is lost. It cannot be helped, cannot be stopped.
"Dean? Dean!"
Kevin didn't make it a habit to talk to the subjects - it was too painful to know them - but for some reason, he could not resist this time.
The next morning, the group had an early breakfast, which was interrupted by a shout from Rowena's workroom below.
It was an unfortunate bloody affair, but there was no more time for games. Sam ended the two guards he faced and went to help Benny. He slashed at those closest to him, knocked them back and away and down. They groaned and grimaced and held hands against their bleeding wounds.
It was a fraction of a second before it registered in Sam's mind. Another fraction of a second until he found the object of Benny's gaze.
On a hunch, Kevin walked over to one of the cabinets that was pressed up against the back wall. Unlike the others that held various torture devices, this cabinet was special. It held the angel grace that they sometimes used to heal captives for prolonged sessions.
The group hurried down the stairs. Castiel was awake on the table, but he had not moved an inch. Because he
The two pulled apart and blinked into the new brightness. Beeps from a number of appliances sounded throughout the apartment, and the microwave clock was flashing at them from the other counter.
"He spoke of loyalty, undying loyalty!" Cain raged back. "Tell me, how long after the news of his death did you run off to your Prince? Did you grieve your love before popping the champagne in celebration of your newfound wealth and fame?"
Cas looked at Queen Amara. He gave her a bow, and Dean and Benny awkwardly followed suit.
His best friend.
As they had walked, Purgatory had grown more oppressive around them. Rustling from everywhere kept them on edge, and Dean wasn't sure if he'd rather just face some monsters and get it over with. Still, the hunter in Dean couldn't help but appreciate Purgatory. In a place with only monsters, no innocents could be caught in the crossfire. "It's not so bad," he said casually as they ambled through. "It's pure, you know?"
With that, Sam lifted Castiel's body up from the table using his powerful arms. "We're going to take the wheelbarrow outside, if you don't mind."
Not two, though.
"Don't worry about him, Sam, you're doing wonderfully, brother," said Benny.
"Dean? Something wrong?"
There was nothing for it. He had no blade that would work on angel. On a good day, he might manage to wrestle a weapon away from one and come out the victor.
"For the hunter?"
"If I'm to get my powers back, we will need some ingredients for a spell in the storeroom."
Rowena sighed. "It's admirable, I suppose. Foolish, but admirable. I'll never understand you heroic types."
The crowd clapped and cheered loudly. Except one man near the front of the crowd. Instead, the older man booed and jeered at them with a raised fist, anger in his eyes. The Prince took notice at the same time Dean did. "Arrest that man," he said to the guards.
Pain could do wondrous things to humans, angels, and demons alike. The Count loved to test the tolerance of his subjects, and had worked long days and nights in an effort to perfect pain-inducing methods.
Sam's assent was surprisingly swift, and soon enough they had made good progress up the cliffs. Below them, they could see the ship that had tailed them. There was a lone figure on the deck. He was dressed all in black, complete with a black mask that obscured his face. Once he neared the shore, the man anchored his ship and, without hesitation, dove into the bay. He swam the short distance to the rocks and quickly grabbed ahold of the very rope that Sam was hoisting them up.
The Man nodded.
Dean looked to where Cas was pointing up the hill. He could see four or five people up there, and one did indeed look like Prince Chuck. He had to agree with Cas - Chuck didn't love Dean, but he would not tolerate being humiliated by losing him to another. A fallen angel no less.
Cas positions himself just right and then he pushes himself inside, kissing Dean all the while. Dean groans a little. It does hurt a bit, but that’s overshadowed by the aching need that Cas has stirred up. Dean never knew what it would be like, to feel this full and hard and complete.
"I know you don't love me, Dean, and I've never asked for it. But I've grown fond of you and want your happiness. But - if Castiel does not return- will you please consider me as an alternative to suicide? I still need someone by my side to run this kingdom and would be glad to have you."
He read about how Prince Chuck himself had contracted Crowley, and how Dean had been intended to die as a result of the kidnapping, with Hell to blame for it. It was framed as fiction, but it was so clearly true that Dean's head spun trying to adjust to this knowledge.
Sam clutched his wound slightly. It seemed to be bleeding less, and he still felt strong enough for this.
Zachariah and Uriel were bored out of their skulls. Guarding Queen Amara's prison chamber was always desperately dull. The two angels would much rather be out traipsing around the countryside, smiting demons and vampires and the occasional human when the mood struck. They would much rather be preparing new angels for the war Prince Chuck had promised them.
The Man blinked, not entirely sure where this was going. "Um, I'm sorry, but if this is a flirtation, I consider myself spoken for."
Castiel's hand came up and Dean nearly flinched, but the former angel merely cupped his palm lightly to Dean's cheek. "There's a shortage of perfect faces in the world, Dean. It would be a pity to damage yours."
Benny could not keep up with Sam. His side was bleeding freely - perhaps the wound was deeper than he thought. Certainly hurt like hell.
wants nothing to do with me."
The black smoke around Amara was now spreading in dense tendrils, which were reaching out for Chuck.
Sam grunted with exertion. "I'm carrying three people, he just has himself."
Chuck fought away panic. The smoke felt hot, just shy of burning. It was fine though, he could still get out as long as he -
Cas looked away from Dean. "Afraid so. He spent maybe a month or so torturing me and healing me just to torture again. There wasn't much I could tell him, though. I hadn't been privy to some bigger plan, and eventually I think he just wanted to break my spirit. It didn't work. Any time he started in with the torture – well, I thought of you. And it saved me."
It was slow-going, but the thought of seeing Dean again sustained him. If they were reunited, Cas felt sure they could weather any storm, even one as volatile as Chuck.
Prince Chuck nodded in agreement. "If Dean is at all harmed, there will be Hell to pay. No pun intended."
"Dean Winchester."
"Aye," Rowena confirmed.
When the Prince walked into Azazel's secret dungeon, the Count was allowing Castiel a brief recovery from the torture, though it hardly felt that way to Cas. His whole body was in pain beyond anything he'd ever known. His insides felt like fire, his bones felt heavy, his skin felt torn to shreds - but no physical damage could be seen on his body.
Cas peppers a few kisses along a sensitive spot on Dean’s neck, and tries to give him a moment to adjust, but Dean is well past that. “Move,” he commands, and though Dean’s on bottom, it’s somehow still Cas who submits to giving Dean what he wants, exactly what he wants.
He hit rocks and brambles as he rolled, his stomach churned, and then after what seemed like ages, the land evened out. He slowed to a stop at the bottom. He was scratched and bruised and aching. He didn't care. He didn't care because Cas was next to him, equally bruised but miraculously alive.
He looked under the pillows and mattress to be sure, but the note was nowhere to be found. Hope burgeoned inside his chest.
Dean feels a lightning bolt of fear course through him. Did Cas not want to? Has he just monumentally screwed up their friendship?
Hell, maybe you'll find a woman, probably some desperate prostitute, and she'll be all too willing to distract you and take your money.
Cas took a bite of his burger. “Mmmm,” he hummed. “You were right, these must be your specialty. It’s delicious.”
. What a mess.
The Man didn't deny it. "It's possible. I murdered a lot of people in Hell."
"Cas, please."
His eyes were glowing, a radiant unnatural blue shining from their sockets. And on his back, great black wings were unfurling outward. They were massive and powerful-looking.
Neither Sam nor Castiel spoke for a moment. It was clear from the look on Sam's face that he had no set course of action in mind besides 'kill Azazel' and 'stay alive.'
“Oh, right. I think I saw you bringing things in the other day. Dean Winchester,” he replied, putting forward his hand, which Castiel shook. “What can I do for you, man?”
Chuck looked up from his writing. "I've never intended to force you into anything, Dean. You have free will, after all."
"You can really catch me?" asked Dean, just to be sure.
Your mind goes pleasantly blank, because Cas is kissing you back now, all soft lips and warmth and
"Are we sure about this?" Benny asked. For now they were walking through a quiet hall, all guards subdued behind them for the time being. Cas turned his head to face Benny, and Sam looked his way as well.
"My throat is on fire. My nose won't stop dripping with mucus and my head is pounding and everything just…hurts. Something is wrong."
Sam thought that was a pretty good idea, especially when he tried to take a step and nearly toppled over, only to be steadied by his best and only friend.
"Oh yeah? Another prince? Lazy, dumb, and rich?"
"How do we get away?"
"Let me do it," says Dean, reaching for the computer, but Cas pulls it away from him.
"Hey, you just moved your fingers," said Sam with some excitement.
The first thing Benny noticed was the blood coating Sam's shirt, and the way he was holding his fist against it. "You alright, brother?"
The guards were so busy prattling on about some horror they had witnessed that the trio managed to slip by quite unchallenged.
"Yes," Kevin answered.
It worked so well. Yet so briefly.
And now she was trapped in the castle, the same one in which Dean ate and slept and had apparently been so blind. Chuck was more of a monster than Dean knew if he could have his own sibling locked away.
"I believe we are at an impasse," said Crowley. "You're trying to take what I have rightfully stolen. I'm no match for you physically, and you're no match for my intellect."
Sam engaged with four at once, which was generally his upper limit. Benny grabbed one before he could swing his blade and practically tossed the smaller man down the hall. Three more guards approached him, and he had to dodge the tips of their swords; there was nothing to be done but to survive.
Skeptical as he was, Dean couldn't help but believe it. It seemed unlikely that Cas had gotten through the castle alone. Dean thought it over and then decided taking a chance on Sam would be better than just jumping and praying for the best.
Cas doesn’t need telling twice. He sinks into Dean, again and again, letting go of anything holding him back. The sound of the bed springs and Dean’s heavy breathing fills the room. Dean bites his lip when Cas hits his prostrate directly for the first time. It sends shivers down his spine and he aches for it, for more, for everything Cas can give him.
"We're here for The Man in Black," he said. "If you don't want trouble, you will lead us to him."
Uriel frowned, and Zachariah squinted slightly, confirming for Dean that it really was just the two of them. It was all he needed to know.
After their fiery entrance, Sam, Benny and Cas found more trouble within the castle itself. There were extra guards in the hallways, and Sam had a hell of a time fighting them off. Benny helped when he could, but mainly he had to keep Castiel on his feet.
"But you also beat a vampire, so you must have studied your lore, and in studying you would know that all humans are mortal, and put the poison as far away from you as possible."
Dean's glad the light is low, he can feel heat rushing to his cheeks. "It's pieguy79," he mumbles.
"What are you suggesting?"
Cas sighed. "As a supposedly renounced demon and a fallen angel, we are beyond human subterfuge, don't you agree?" asked Cas. "Lies do not become us."
Michael lowered his blade and pushed Benny away roughly, then turned instead to face Castiel.
"We don't care."
Then at last Queen Amara turned to Dean and Castiel in particular. They were standing hand in hand, and of course everyone knew that whatever their fate, it would be together.
Dean closed his eyes and braced himself for pain and torture, but then a crashing sound off to their right made his eyes snap open again.
A shuffle from the shadowy corner of the room, and the young man named Kevin emerged. He was pale and of slight build. He bowed his head so as not to make eye contact with Azazel.
Cas frowned slightly. “Guess that ruined the mood, huh?” he asked.
Jack nodded eagerly. “Hi Dad! Did you bring me a present?”
"Cas."
"Goodbye, boys!" said Rowena, waving as the small group took off down the road, Benny walking and Sam pushing the wheelbarrow with a disgruntled Castiel in it.
They were surrounding Dean, teeth bared and long shriveled fingers reaching for his arms and face. In that moment, he knew he had met his untimely end. All he could hope for was for it to be quick, and that somewhere beyond Heaven and Hell, he would at least be reunited with Castiel again.
Dean swallows around a lump in his throat. "Yeah? Like?"
Sam was now throwing himself against the barred door through which Azazel had escaped. He glanced at Benny, but he could not stop. "Benny, I have to do this. Go back, find Cas, get somewhere safe. Azazel is
What a week, huh? Hope everyone is doing well both personally and with recent developments... ;)
Part of you really believed that he'd stop you from leaving. That you'd make it to the door and he'd say your name in that sad mournful way of his, and then he'd say sorry for what he said, that he didn't mean it, and you would say it's okay, you know and understand. You'd say you're sorry too, for Mary and Jack and for not being good enough to keep them safe as you promised. And he'd cry it out on your shoulder and you'd be strong for him, hold him until the broken pieces of both of you mended into something salvageable.
It echoes. And then Dean reaches for him, his palm settling on the nape of Cas's neck, pulling him close, lips bridging the gap. A tingling down Cas's spine. Joy. "Time to come home, Cas," Dean says. A whisper, a plea. A prayer.
Dean paced his bedroom as the meeting went on down below. His heart was racing in his chest, and when Castiel returned looking grim and with all his possessions packed in a bag upon his back, Dean knew all their plans were ash.
But he never calls you back, never says your name, and the door to the bunker closes with a resounding click behind you.
"It was a burning Dread Demon Cain, I tell you!" They heard one fellow shout to a companion.
The hunter went off to find Prince Chuck to give him the letters, but he wasn't in his study. His desk was as messy as ever, parchment scattered around and blotches of ink staining the wood. Dean was grateful that Chuck had not asked him to read any of his work lately, but now that he was alone in the room, he felt his curiosity spike. What did a god find worth writing about these days?
"You may have heard that my sister – Queen Amara – has taken ill. It is unfortunately true, and I fear the worst. Though I'd much prefer her return to health, I have to face the possibility that I will soon inherit the kingdom. And I have come to the conclusion that to instill the proper respect and admiration of the people, and to ensure my own happiness and safety, it is time that I married."
"So what of Castiel and Dean Winchester?"
"I just – not doing so well, huh?"
Just as Sam opened his eyes and was about to ask The Man what he meant, he felt the hilt of the man's sword crash into the back of his skull. Sam collapsed onto the ground, vision replaced by the dark embrace of unconsciousness.
Cas suddenly felt a pull towards that energy, as if his own internal being was striving to reunite with the vial's contents. But it couldn't be
"Inconceivable!" said Crowley.
Cas was halfway down the second set of stairs when his fear came true. He overstepped by a few inches and his foot failed to find the next stair. Gravity took over and his grip slipped off the rail, arm flying out instead to brace for impact –
"Offer me everything I ask for!" Sam demanded.
And with the barest of chances that they would both come out of this alive, Dean dove into the sand.
He reached, near blind, feeling out for one of Cas's hand. He found it after a moment, and the angel interlocked their fingers together and gave Dean's hand a faint squeeze.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I've made a deal and I can't break it now."
Sam nodded and clutched reflexively at the hilt of his sword. He let Benny lead the way.
Kevin huffed. "Great, now what?"
Kevin shrugged. "Go ahead."
The Queen had agreed, and the two went off to search for ingredients that could unbind her powers.
Dean swallowed hard, nearly overcome. He was grateful when Cas responded for both of them. "Thank you, Your Highness. Thank you, everyone," Cas said, once again looking to the faces of his friends.
"So, which one of you idiots is in charge here?" Dean asked.
"Do you need some aspirin? I have some in my medicine cabinet -" he says, already moving to get up. Cas stops him with a hand around his wrist.
Sam starts the song, somewhat awkwardly, but when Cas and Dean join in, it sounds surprisingly smooth.
"Twelve hours?" asked Sam with some dismay. "I was hoping this would be immediate. We need to make a plan of attack."
Sam was seeing double, but the man was still a welcome sight.
"He knows I don't."
Dean feels a wave of affection for the man beside him. “Yeah,” he says. “Hell yeah.”
And he might seriously consider sound proofing his bedroom after this.
His hands and legs tugged within his restraints, but the leather straps did not give way. His eyes found Kevin's face. "Where am I? And who are you?"
Three representatives from Heaven's Great Council arrived at the Winchester farmhouse, and requested a private audience with Castiel.
Sam, never the queasy type, nearly gags when he sees the body.
Dean felt his stomach twist. He shook off Chuck's hand and made his way back to his bedroom. He tried not to think of Cas, but it was at least a small comfort to know that he was alive and that Dean's sacrifice would keep him so.
