Sam is watching him with a look on his face Cas has never seen before. He ignores him, beelines for the coffee on the counter.
“No.” Cas wriggles his feet in further. Dean slides his hand up Cas’ jeans, wraps his fingers around his ankle.
Castiel pauses in rolling back his layers of sleeves, frowns. “Why would it be a gun?”
He has no idea if he’s getting it across until the worried feeling inside him shifts, melts into happiness so strong that Castiel has to duck his head to hide his uncontrollable smile.
Dean watches Cas standing there in the doorway, scruffy in an old hoody and jeans, ridiculously barefoot even on the garage concrete, so different from the suit and coat and boots that were Dean’s image of him for years, and his heart hurts with how glad he is for how little Cas has
He can barely think any more, but that thought is clear.
He’s still racked with shakes, he’s still not sure if his toes are all there or not, but he’s alive, he’s
Dean just smiles wider and lets Cas pull him along.
They park up in central Hastings around lunchtime. Dean immediately insists they get coffee and sandwiches, so they head for a promising-looking café. Dean takes Cas’ hand without seeming to think about it, laces their fingers together while they’re walking. He puts his arm casually around Cas’ shoulders in the coffee shop queue. Cas leans into him and he smiles and tidies an errant bit of Cas’ hair.
he reminds himself.
Saying it out loud is only a scant comfort. Hunching forward, he pulls his knees up and curls into himself, rubbing at the present ache in his shoulder as the ghost of past pain slithers its tendrils through him.
“Were you wearing it in that lecture when we met?” She asks, knowing the answer before the question is even spoken.
It would be easier
Dean kicks his boots off, slings his legs up onto the map room table. Sam passes him a beer, and he nods in acknowledgement as he cracks open a leather-bound book that might help with the spell Sam’s determined to figure out.
with being unmarked. It’s rare, but it happens often enough that meeting someone unmarked isn’t particularly strange. But still, society all too often treats them as if they’re bizarre, freaks of nature. Robots uncapable of human connection. It doesn’t take being unmarked himself for Castiel to loathe the casual contempt the unmarked are held in. His older brother Gabriel was unmarked, he remembers that even though Gabriel’s been gone for years, and Gabriel’s uncanny ability to charm every person he met within minutes had been enough to prove any stereotype a lie.
Dean bites his lip, suddenly painfully awake. The darkness feels oppressive, tangibly heavy on his skin, and he ashamedly wishes Cas had left the lamp on.
“Sweet, what do you fancy? I’m down for whatever you are.” Dean smiles and Cas feels unbalanced all over again, because there Dean goes being nice at every last opportunity, and it’s lovely but he doesn’t understand.
“I was not
He raises a slightly trembling hand back to the shelves. The movement dislodges his sleeve and it slips down, revealing his soulmark.
“Yeah, no shit,” the other boy agrees. “In the movies everyone’s smooth as hell.”
It’s got to be nearing four am. The bunker is still four hours out. Dean’s eyes are tired. His shoulders ache. The road ahead blurs slightly. He shakes his head, jerks himself awake.
“Cas, you shouldn’t… it’s cold and you’re tired-”
Cas stirs. He doesn’t wake, but his brow creases. Mumbling something incomprehensible, Cas rolls a little further onto Dean, the leg slung over Dean’s knee tightening to tug them even nearer. His arm under Dean’s head tenses slightly, his hand coming up and fumbling into the neck of Dean’s t-shirt to latch on the bare skin of Dean’s shoulder.
“It’s
Dean keeps hold of Cas’ hand. He holds it close to his chest as he steps away, reeling Cas after him, keeps his eyes fixed on Cas’ so he can watch the fire build in Cas’ gaze as Dean pulls him gently towards their room.
Dean’s resolve crumbles.
Dean responds without thinking, sliding one arm around Cas’ shoulders and his other hand up to hold Cas’ cheek.
“Dean?”
“I knew.” Charlie shrugs at her, unapologetic. “Clocked Dean for bi the second I met him.” Dean throws a balled-up napkin at her that she dodges easily, laughing. “For serious though Dean, you were making moon eyes at a picture of Cas on your phone, you couldn’t have been more obvious if you’d tried.” She’s teasing, but it’s warm and Dean just smiles sheepishly in answer.
Cas tilts his head and Dean stares up at the ceiling, refusing to look down at Cas.
The other one, the one with the flag pin, looks back up at Dean. “Yeah.” He agrees. “Thanks. That was so badass, man.”
“So are they
“Oh, do you want some bee-friendly plants? I have lavender and some mahonia right here. Or maybe some bluebells and borage?” She winks at him and Cas blinks, disconcerted. “Those would go so well with your eyes.”
Maybe all the philosophy lessons paid off.
“I was thinking of winning it a toy,” Castiel reviewed the options, hands in his pockets.
“You asked,” Dean casually shoved a bundle of fries in his face, chewing through it while Eileen smirked and eyeballed either of them.
“Wed?” Sam and Eileen echoed.
Dean read that. “It’s not even just about that, okay? Jack got thrown into this. We honestly should have figured out a way to stop Chuck without turning him into Jod or whatever.” Dean framed out, focusing his eyes on his bottleneck as he tipped it to and fro to stim. “We even said it ourselves a few months before we went that route. He wasn’t really ready for this.”
Rufus glanced up from his pitcher. “Yeah. Your angel there was salty about your long-assed death speech without calling a damn ambulance and put it out in the Celestial Times."
Dean came back to his feet, eyeing the door.
If there was one takeaway from the night to be had as a keepsake, the roller coaster snapshot of an ex-angel with a loose tie over his face, an ecstatic and vibrant Dean Winchester laughing, and one open-mouthed ten thousand tooth leviathan scream caught on candid in the same row was it. And Dean slid that memento into his wallet. “That’s a keeper.”
“You’re right.”
“...Yes.” A memory shift, by no means linear, of the view Castiel had the day he intimately removed Dean’s blade from his pocket in the archives to cut his hand again and paint a similar rune. “That was it.”
Sam and Eileen were a few states away enjoying the night in a hot red Mustang, feeling just as young; and somewhere, an ageless duo crossed the neverending sea of stars to find what new heaven called to them.
. And it’s creepy. Just… stares at you with little pinhole eyes and a hat on.”
“I’m--yeah. I’m good with that.” Dean tucked his lips and chin in content surrender, only to find himself being rolled on top of by a shaggy-haired, stubble-faced and blue-eyed warrior.
Heaven.” Dean cut to the chase more firmly.
They just didn’t come out with him when the Impala took to town with his friends, maybe entertaining Claire, Alex, Patience and Kaia more than he ever admitted to his de facto parent units. He rarely managed to find the schedule to try to pack all four in the car like sardines, but a cruise with any two on the open road--more often Claire and Kaia, with Alex staying at work when she wasn’t at school, and Patience trying very hard to stay actually busy getting back to classes--made up this evening, like many others while they hooped their way through downtown and bright lights, making any series of mistakes together.
“But,” Eileen’s distinct voice cut through while stirring her drink, eyes shifting from Sam to Dean and Castiel, “Only if you come too.”
“Yeah, but I mean--” He sighed. “You know. Spread your wings. Live on your own time, even if it’s in your own world. Find someone you want to bring home to us, you know?”
Castiel took his silence as opportunity to speak. “I wouldn’t change anything about what we have if you didn’t want it, Dean. But I certainly wouldn’t oppose it.”
Being taught how to stand up.
“Yeah but I mean--you know. Dad was kinda... inappropriate.”
a pubescent Sam, carrying a crate of fireworks, looked alive as he ran ahead to start placing them on the ground.
“Yes. If you take it on a search for itself and what makes it full, rather than stealing anothers’ light--it just might break through.”
“She’s been road tripping with me up here and showing me around. Apparently she’s been trying to find you to talk about making a network to cross-conference with hell so we can talk to Rowena, but she jerry-rigged something up that’ll work until you guys can do something more official? Something about working with Charlie.”
Jack was never alone on the road of life, not even through college. Sam had known what books to recommend and even managed to gift a few war-torn copies of his old study books that had somehow survived the decades of chaos. Jack never told Sam that they never actually helped his courses, but they stayed nearby on his desk being worth more than any shiny new installations.
“Your turn to be Mary and Joseph.” Dean snarked back.
“Welllll…” Castiel slid his hand away from Dean. “As of right now, this is still my domain. I can let people in, but there isn’t much you can do by way of controlling it.”
“At least this time it’s not a dimension.”
He watched Dean’s eyes fill with mixed emotion; love, and maybe even a spark of fear as if this might be the last he heard again; a new goodbye.
“Shut up,” Sam brushed off. “Story.”
“Okay.” He still looked dejected.
Eight heavens later, there had been no success. Castiel was beginning to suspect that Dean Winchester was using the shackled Leviathan to fill out some post-mortem bucket list of his own.
“Oh, nothing. We had some drama on our end too.”
Castiel offered his cup out to clink a toast with Dean across the table, who met him halfway.
...Dean nodded. Good point.
Castiel moved on, stopping at a game hut again. Dean had to reign in the leviathan bursting for the game’s fish bowls. “No eating the fishes either! Geez. It’s like having a toddler, keeps trying to put everything in its face.”
“Sorry to say I didn’t go all dramatic warrior with Eve and her minions or whatever to get it for you. Actually, it was pretty chill. Just a giant creepy assed tree and that wind that never stops.”
“Of course.”
“It's not goodbye. It's 'I'll see you later'.” Dean affirmed brusquely. “C’mere.” Sam wasn’t leaving without one last firm, brotherly hug that lasted a short eternity of its own, each brother tentative to let go. He slid away. “You do it right this time, you hear me? Don’t worry about here, we’ll hold down the fort. Rowena’s got downstairs. No summoning cosmic space invaders by mistake and we should be good.”
Dean waded out of a stream in soggy boots, taking an immediate seat on the shoreline to dump out the water. He didn’t care it was just mental. Mentally, there was nothing more annoying than being stuck in sloshing boots.
“Three more copies,” he ordered, mystifying the hunter.
Castiel didn’t mean to sound mysterious as he stroked at a strand of Dean’s hair thoughtfully, but it didn’t keep the hunter from being confused.
“So… we’re just… here… forever? Doing… this?”
Castiel paused, stealing the wallet and looking at it.
“Well luckily reimagining it is free.”
The tables were cleared aside to leave plenty of room. Dean didn’t miss the opportunity to embarrass Sam the same his mother had him. Given, it was unfortunate for Eileen to miss half the joke as Dean dramatically silent-screamed out the chords of “My Heart Will Go On” as punishment for Sam flaying him at darts.
He took a moment to taste his tooth ridge.
Dean grimaced at the sound of that.
“It… would be weird, though. Without you here.”
People, families. That's real.
“Right. Uh. You lookin’ for something since you stopped?”
“Guess you’ll have to figure that one out next time. But first, before
“Yeahhhh uh, about that.” Dean cleared his throat. “We uh, found a way for me to help out with that.”
And with that, she disappeared in front of his eyes.
“Son?” Dean chuffed.
Dean filled the room with a hearty, crass laugh.
is Heaven’s Garden?”
“I rediscovered who I am,” Castiel finished in the current. “I understood, then. It wasn’t in the having.”
Eileen realized she was not, in fact, reading lips. “I see.” She looked hopefully at Dean, fully expecting that to be Sam’s dealbreaker.
Dean knew deeply that Castiel had seen and remembered many things; but flicker frames of first storm floods and towers of babel paled to the Grand Story; the multiple shots at ripping up the ending, and the rules; of Dean and Sam as Castiel’s Cain and Abel; of maybe a spark of Sodom and Gomorrah in brief flashes of Castiel perceiving Dean screaming for him beneath Lucifer’s control; and of course, maybe the most remarkable event--
in an active contest.
Dean had no idea how this was going to answer his question at all.
“Hello, Sam! My name is Karen! I’m an Angel of the Roadhouse!”
“I remember this.” Sam mused, none too differently than Dean years ago. “I think that was 1996. Fourth of July.”
“Ooookay.”
“But how, exactly, do we help a screaming ball of teeth find itself?” Castiel stared into Dean.
One simple word cutting through sobered Sam instantly,though Eileen, still facing the other way, found herself kidnapped into the groove and completely missing the angel frozen in time with the hunter angling from the stage. Nobody stop her now, she’s still having the time of her life shaking that Thing.
Countless wings and infinite blue eyes cascading from tendrils that formed a hand and enveloped the car, bursting them from white so stark the world became black. The flashing image of an angel spreading his wings in a barn was a sparse frame in his mind to be replaced by blackened goo. Dean wasn't sure if it was the flash of the unknowable divine showing the angel's titanic form, or the more familiar memory he flinched away from and crushed his eyes shut over while driving.
“Damnit, Cas, how could you not feel this?”
“It’s Valentine’s Day somewhere.”
Tension melted away, although more than once several at the table looked to an empty seat. Castiel spotted it from the hunter once in particular, reaching over to put a hand on his arm. “He’s on his own path right now.” The angel reassured simply, though Dean still felt a particular emptiness in Sam’s absence.
“No. Well that too but we’ll just do that one another time. Just uh--Eileen’s pregnant again.”
“I saw a world without pain, or hunger, or want...”
“The happiness my Shadow wanted me to embrace would never destroy me. I didn’t even understand it when I said goodbye to you. It simply wanted to be known. And to be. The glass wasn’t empty anymore, Dean. I let you fill it.”
“You opened it?!” Dean barked.
Dean flashed a boyish grin of apology.
Dean couldn’t help but admire the endless hills and unyielding mightiness of the distant mountains; even seasonal plants seemed unbelievably evergreen, and the water itself had a meditative quality.
Dean flat-out bitch-faced at the angel.
“Yheah, okay, making up for lost time. Guess that’s our cue to go.”
They walked out of the room.
“...Oh.”
want to see what kind of temper tantrum this thing will throw.”
By the end of the day, almost everyone had filed out to head back towards their personal Blue Idahos with only a few still mulling around giving thanks.
’ as had become habit, and as Castiel always knew. He just gave the angel time to process; a look and even feeling he had come to know since their new life--afterlife. Instead, he segued as best he could: with a joke.
“On earth,” Castiel reminded him. “She went back to Purgatory. I saw her with my own eyes.”
“No--no. It’s--wow. Okay.” Dean searched the ceiling and its bizarre antler chandelier design for some sort of answer. “Man why didn’t we ever do that on earth?”
Dean gruffed, muttering his protest while unhooking it and setting it back into the water, “Whatever happened to no cosmic plans?”
They shared a strong, fraternal hug. For one, it had been decades; for another, an eternity and yet only a few short trips. Despite that, it was like they were never separated.
Dean looked confused.
The angel tried to break the weighty silence with a jovial note, “Jack really made it all loud, didn’t he?”
The hunter himself was distracted, finding a bone-deep familiarity with the country tune pouring through the door as much as the image of the bar inside; one might call it the Roadhouse, but the signage, the lighting and the decor were a whole new world of its own.
“Hey, buddy. That you?” Dean took a knee, only for the kid to open-mouthed ROAR back in his face.
goes--” Dean cleaned his hands on a wadded up napkin and rose to stand, “We’re gonna throw ourselves a real kegger. Just the four of us.”
“Oh.” Meg cocks her head, intrigued. “Did Dean finally make an honest boyfriend out of you?”
“No.” He mutters to his knees. “Not ashamed of what I am.”
Castiel’s mark is on his right wrist. It’s some kind of amulet, the line of what must be a leather cord wrapped three times around his wrist and the small, horned face of the pendant resting off-centre on the back of his hand. Castiel’s never seen anything like it anywhere, and in quiet moments where he’s alone he can’t help but hope that its uniqueness means his person will be easy to identify.
“He never asked me for anything. Eleven years, not one fuckin’ thing. Even when…” Dean realises his hands are trembling. He wraps his arms around himself, grips tight into his sleeves to still them. All it does is send tiny shocks reverberating up into his shoulders. “Even when he told me, he didn’t expect anything back.”
Dean shudders, opens his eyes. Sam is watching him. His eyes are wide and wet, cheeks stained and red, but even so he’s smiling through the tremble in his lip.
Cas points at a spit of land jutting out into the lake.
Cas just rubs his back and nods. His hair tickles Dean’s ear.
Baby’s not quite running right. Dean pops the hood, shucks his flannel and sets himself to figuring out what’s got her off colour and complaining.
Start posting multi-chapter fic online, intend to polish up and post chapter III soon after chapter II, have a medical relapse and spend nearly three weeks too exhausted to do anything but work and sleep. This fucking year. Zero stars, do not recommend.
Balzathar chokes on another hysterical laugh. For a moment Meg isn’t sure who she wants to slap more, him or Castiel and Dean, until Dean’s voice emerges from under the duvet, thick with sleep.
Cas smooths his hands over Dean’s shoulders, down his arms to close around his elbows. He tugs gently, guiding Dean towards their bed. He keeps his gaze fixed on Dean’s face the whole way, eyes so warm and blue Dean feels too jagged to be allowed in their presence, too much a splintered glass edge against such gossamer softness.
Cas shoves his feet under Dean’s thigh. Dean feels his toes curl into the cushions under him.
Cas growls, frustration warring with fatigue. “No, you.” He tugs weakly at Dean’s sleeve. “You sleep.”
It’s his name that does it. Again. One syllable shouldn’t be able to carry all the softness and worry and desire that Cas can put into it. It crumples Dean’s heart like tissue paper.
Dean pushes himself even closer against Cas’ body, slots his thigh between Cas’ and presses into him. Cas groans between his teeth.
“So,” she says, smiling because now she feels like she’s finally in on the joke, ”every time you said you weren’t boyfriends…”
Castiel sits in the cold light of his single lamp, watches the time on his phone tick slowly towards four am. Helplessly cradles his soulmate’s suffering in as much love as he can scrape together and breathes through his heart cracking right down the middle.
into the angle of Dean’s hip, presses his fingers against where he spoke like he’s stamping the love in it into Dean’s flesh. And Dean physically cannot take it anymore.
He whispers it into Dean’s neck, fingers clenching tight into Dean’s t-shirt. Dean melts against him instantly, arms sliding up around Cas’ back. He holds him gently, careful of the bruises mottling his skin purple, but the kiss he presses into Cas’ shoulder is hard with intent. Cas shudders against him, grabs his head and pulls him round to kiss him properly.
And it’s awesome and revelatory and beautiful in the moment, but later Dean can’t clearly remember anything about it other than this one image where Cas pushes himself upright on top of him. Dean’s flat out on his back, chest heaving and hands clutching at Cas’ thighs. Cas balances over him, hands pressing into Dean’s ribs to stay steady. There’s bruises from Dean’s mouth blossoming up Cas’ neck and his face is a wonder of discovery and surprise and lust, and Dean doesn’t know what to
? There’s nothing Castiel can tell her, nothing he can confess but the press of a foreign soul against the bounds of his skin and a new helpless, involuntary yearning rooted in the marrow of his bones.
“Cas, Cas, it’s okay, you’re just winded, Cas c’mon listen to me-“
Castiel keeps his hands folded in his lap and his gaze fixed on the middle distance. He turns his head towards Marv, but his mind slips away from the words before the first sentence of the sermon is finished. Marv has never been an inspiring speaker and his spiritless delivery washes around Castiel without breaking against him, a background white noise to his rambling thoughts. His heel still hurts, fresh and insistent against the unyielding back of his shoe. Castiel tries to shove it down, let his mind drift away and carry him through the interminable drone of Marv’s monotone, but the pain keeps dragging him back, rising up every time his thoughts wander too far with a particularly pointed stab and jolting him back to the present.
Cas scowls down at the floor.
The second he sees them Castiel is transfixed. The rest of his face is beautiful, defined cheekbones and jawline, those freckles, but the moment Castiel meets those eyes everything else fades into the background. They’re wide and bright, warm even in this snow-stained light, glowing with every shade of green that’s ever painted Castiel’s mark since last summer. Looking into them, the longing tugging at Castiel’s heart finally eases and settles into a radiant glow of rightness like nothing Castiel has ever felt.
Dean pulls him in, presses him against his chest.
“You’re rather beautiful too,” Castiel blurts, and Dean flushes crimson again too, leaving the two of them standing there blushing furiously and avoiding each other’s gaze. Castiel casts around desperately for something to defuse the sudden tension.
“You…” Meg blinks. “I’ve never seen those rings before.”
. Even that’s enough to get Dean blushing until his face burns. But then Cas starts saying Dean’s name instead, just
,” Cas growls into his mouth, and Dean does, but part of his head is screaming at him and he can’t sink into it when he’s so scared that Cas is hurting.
“I didn’t expect this to be so awkward,” Castiel says to break the silence, with a small, rueful smile and a shrug.
Then there’s a shuffle of footsteps next to him and the thump of a body hitting the floor gracelessly.
“I had daydreams too,” he tells Dean in a rush. That seems to be the right thing to say because Dean looks back at him, embarrassment fading into curiosity. His ears are still a little pink, though, and Castiel has to quickly force himself to look Dean in the eye instead of letting his thoughts wander into how charming he finds that.
Sam giving him pie for breakfast. He should really have caught on.
But how is he meant to breathe in and out when there’s no air
Balthazar downs his coffee. “Charlie.” He places a dramatic hand over hers where she’s holding her fork. “Charlie, my love. Last I saw them, Cassie was climbing Dean like a tree in the corridor backstage and, judging by how much tongue he was putting in it, Dean was
Dean doesn’t have to respond. The shudder that racks him gives Sam all the answer he needs. Sam’s hands clench, tugging him in even closer.
“Okay, well.” Dean holds an arm out in invitation. “Shall we go?”
But still, now he remembers he
To his relief his soulmate doesn’t press it. The next emotion Castiel feels from them is just
christ I…”
“No, I…  dunno, I never… uh.” Dean’s blushing now, shifting awkwardly from foot to foot. The more uncomfortable he gets the stronger his accent becomes. Castiel still can’t quite place it, but it sounds a little Kansas. “It don’t matter to me. Either way. Y’know? But I. Um. Only kinda figured that out a couple of years ago. Ain’t told many people yet.”
Where she’d been
less wilfully obtuse, they could have had
“Dean, I-“ he says hesitantly, fingers twitching against Dean’s elbow. “I know you- you’re gonna need some time to be okay. And you’re probably never gonna let me talk to you about this again-“
“C’mon in Cas,” Dean says, and steps inside himself. Unexpectedly nervous, Cas takes a steadying breath, rubs his suddenly sweaty palms dry on his coat, and follows.
He’d better also get moving, he realises with a little jolt of anxiety. Naomi likely already suspects he was lying about the library; she suspects anything he does that’s even slightly out of his normal routine. If he’s up here too long she’ll take it as a certainty.
“Oh yeah, I’ve got a ‘67 chevy,” Dean’s face lights up. “Well, my dad does but he lets me drive and maintain her. You dreamt about that?”
“You were a kid too!” Sam grabs hold of Dean’s hands and holds them against his chest. “When I was laid up in bed bitching about running out of painkillers, and wanting noodle soup instead of the tomato we had. And you went out to buy supplies. That’s where you went? That’s why you took so long?”
The instant his boots and socks are off Dean wrestles his jeans and boxers over his feet. Figuring they’ve lost enough time, he tugs his t-shirt over his head too, kicks the whole pile aside. Then he turns and tackles Cas onto his back.
For a second he almost panics again, the weight of the realisation pressing on his chest and bringing his breath up short. But then Cas yawns widely, nose scrunching and fist scrubbing at his eye in a way that’s so normal and human that a sudden surge of adoration knocks the fear right out of Dean’s body.
“I… I…” Dean swallows hard. His fingers clench involuntarily in Cas’ hold. Cas brushes his thumb over Dean’s knuckles and Dean focuses on that, on the steadiness of Cas’ hands on his to ground himself.
“All right. Keep still.”
perfect.”
“I love you too,” Cas says quietly. “Always.”
Writing this while listening to Carly Rae Jepsen's Cut to the Feeling is my way of denying the finale exists.
“Do you ever miss it? Y’know.” Dean swallows. “Being an angel?”
“Why would I want to do that?”
Dean’s right. All these months of watching his mark change, wondering what it meant,
Like.
Cas blinks, stares at Dean’s face in astonishment.
He has no coherent words for what it was. A sensation so strong, so indescribably close to pain, yet still so welcome, so wanted, that he’d felt bereft when it had drained out of him. There’s no way someone else felt
Dean sags against him.
Cas shoves his hands under Dean’s flannel and wrestles it down his arms. Then he’s grabbing Dean by the collar, spinning him around. He backs them up till Dean’s calves trip on the bed and they’re toppling back onto the mattress.
The lie comes surprisingly easily. A brief flash of her whipcrack anger licks up his spine out of the pits of his memory, but with Dean close at his back it has no real sting.
Dean glances over at the blanket burrito that Cas has turned himself into while sleeping and shakes his head. Smiles so wide his cheeks ache.
After loading the heavy bags into the car, Dean stretches his back out with his eyes closed and his arms above his head. Cas catches himself staring at the flash of stomach where Dean’s shirt pulls up, and is about to look away when Dean catches his eye, gives him a suggestive wink and deliberately stretches a bit further.
like-
When Dean’s not-quite-dad arrives, all trucker hat and flannel and epic beard, smelling of engine oil and stereotypes, he surprises Meg by yanking Dean into what looks like a bone-crushing hug and ruffling Dean’s hair with open affection. He does the same to Cas, asks Dean a gruff “these your idjit friends then, boy?”, and immediately orders them all into his truck so they can go out for dinner.
That’s a lie. He simply doesn’t want to sit in this characterless kitchen while the cutting edge of the Naomi’s silence scrapes him slowly raw.
The almost spoken question is so loud behind the voiced words Dean nearly manages to smile.
“Sorry sweetheart,” he mumbles into Cas’ lips. “Laughin’ at me, not you.” He sighs a little and leans on the solidity of Cas’ chest. “Wanted it to be perfect for once. Trust me to go fuck it up in such a stupid way.”
Meg swallows. A chill realisation that she might, perhaps, have been spectacularly obtuse crawls up her back.
From the way Cas sighs into him, hand scrabbling for purchase on Dean’s hip, clutching his hair, he thinks he does.
No one
He knows Sam’s got it when his spine shoots up straight, his while body turning stiff against Dean’s own.
their response to suffering.
Cas wonders briefly if he’s reached the peak of possible happiness, if this is the best he’ll ever feel. Then Dean kisses a stray bit of latte foam off the corner of his mouth and no, he still somehow has room to be happier.
that stokes the fire under his skin to incandescence.
formulated to blunt the jagged edges of him, to salve the raw hollow in the pit of his stomach.
“Look, can we just… just not think about this for a while?” Dean tugs at one of his cuffs, huffs a sigh. “We only met half an hour ago, I want… I don’t want to talk about dad’s fuckups or what might happen in a few months’ time before we’ve even had a chance to get to know each other.”
Wrapped up in his worries and studies, Castiel barely registers the slow turn of the year until the evenings are long and dark, the houses sparkling with frosted dew in the mornings. Christmas vacation isn’t much of a change for him – he just transfers his studies from the school library to the public one – and even the day itself is quiet. To his relief Michael doesn’t come home for the season, so the most he has to contend with is a small dinner with Naomi and an additional few church trips.
He would have been happy.
His breathing hitched and he ground his teeth, shaking and feeling the wetness under his palms slide down along his temples and into his hair.
Walking Cass backward to the bed, hands on his hips, and grinning into their kiss as Cass talked against his mouth because they were both unwilling to pull away from each other even an inch, Dean floated in how wonderful this all felt, how good he felt in that exact moment, and how wonderful it was to see Cass smile, relaxed and happy.
“Hey there, pal. I was really hoping I wouldn’t run into you.” Dean whispered, sliding his bag off his shoulder. Cerberus snarled, and Dean held still, eyes wide. Werewolves, demons, shifters—he hadn’t truly feared any of them. Fear was something he had mastered long ago and relegated it to focus on Sam so the kid might grow up to have some form of life. But, staring at a dog that could swallow him in one bite, Dean found himself remembering the clammy wash of fear and how it felt as it settled in his gut.
But he was gone.
Dean stumbled to his feet, nearly panting with eyes wide and pulse racing in his neck.
Dean dropped his eyes, staring at the table, beer forgotten.
He bellowed, and smashed his hands down into the water.
"We'll fix the world,” Dean concluded, checking the slide of his gun and ejecting the slide to tap it against the rest out of habit. “If Winchesters know one thing, it’s how to be stubborn sons of bitches. We'll kill Chuck, and afterward, after we have our people back, we're going for some damn taquitos—with Cass and Eileen, and whoever else is close enough to join us. And then, we're going to throw back some shots, sing some bad karaoke, and we’re going to celebrate, because we'll be free for the first time in our screwed-up lives, and we'll decide what makes us happy." He said, a smirk on his face.
“How did I do?” Castiel asked, turning back to him, tilting his head as Dean paused, looking him up and down.
With a wave of his hand and small smile from Persephone, a side door opened at the back of the throne room. Dean looked to the door, back to the gods, and then to the open door leading into the lamplight of eerie green. He shouldered his bag and pocketed Fortuna’s coin, knees shaking but his steps determined as he angled for the door.
Jack’s face fell, and he sighed, looking down. “I’m not going.”
He drove through the night, music low, and the passing shine of the street lamps flashing across the hood of his car, illuminating the empty seat beside him. It jostled his nerves. He drove till the sun colored the sky in pinks and oranges, and only then did he pull off on the side of the road to sleep, pure emotional exhaustion allowing him to finally pass out. He drove all through the day and into the following night, pulling into Pontiac, Illinois just as the sun rose. Morning traffic slowed his progress, but he wasn't in a rush. His blood hummed in his ears, leaving him jittery, hand clenching and relaxing against the wheel, and his heart skipping against his ribs.
kill meeeeee~ I was right. I woke up, regretted posting stuff... but now i"m deditated and it's 4am and I'm finished up this chapter because I didn't start writing it till 9pm... I'm a moron. sigh... but i'm dedicated now. There's also a part of me that just wants to see if I can CRANK OUT this idea before Thursday..... evening... at the latest... eeeh... yeah. anyway.
Sitting back on his heels, back aching, stomach growling, and his knees having gone numb long after screaming in pain, Dean climbed to his feet, took the liter fluid and poured nearly half the bottle into the center of the paint, creating another smaller circle of the caustic stuff.
“Go take a shower. It will help.”
“Dean,” Cass sighed, arms spread, forever the peacemaker—but with a glance back to Sam as if in apology, Cass rounded the car and climbed back in.
Dean met the woman’s eyes, his chest tight and eyes burning.
Icy cold terror shot through Dean’s body at the words ‘lover.’ A title he hadn’t thought to associate with Castiel. A name he felt uncomfortable with even as he hoped and needed it to be. “I’ll do anything.”
Dean had never seen an angel other than Cass act like this toward humanity. The camaraderie they had built while in hell, the attachment Michael had developed was so strange and unique. He treated Adam the way Dean had thought angels should treat their vessels back twelve years ago. Though angels tended not to kill the souls in their vessels the way demons did when they jumped a human, the angels had so little regard to the fact they were whisking humans away from their lives, from their families, it only added to the hatred Dean felt toward the angels over the years. Cass had at least cared for Jimmy. Now Michael, so lost without Adam... Dean actually felt sorry for the poor bastard.
“I just realized how important an egg is. I can see how it can create entire worlds.”
“Oh.”
Because even the Universe knew, there wasn't a single door Dean Winchester wouldn't kick down to get what he wanted.
Watching the god of the underworld, Hades himself, soften from granite and steel, to a wistful and love-struck god; Dean saw himself in the transformation, a version of himself that could be. His fist tightened, and he raised his chin, swallowing hard, and focusing on the fading voice whispering words of love.
“I thought you…” Sam stopped, jaw tight, his brows doing that scrunchy thing they did when he was really pissed off, but Dean realized what Sam was trying to say, the fear that sat beneath the fury.
Chuck yanked Sam around in a circle till he lost his legs and hit his knees, and with a swift jab at his arm, Chuck broke the bone and threw Sam to the ground, “Shut up!”
Dean narrowed his eyes, studying him, trying so hard to read him. Though he was a horrible liar, he knew Dean was scrambling for answers. Grasping for anything to believe in.
Jack tilted his head at the gesture, his brows furrowed. “Thank you, Uncle Michael.” He said before he shrugged and turned around and faced Dean and Sam, his smile honest and far too innocent for what just happened. “Did I do it? Did I “kick it” in the “ass?”” he asked with air quotes.
Next will be what we all are hoping for... and how I think at east one portion should go to parallel a certain relationship and finally prove to one another what this means to them. Wish me luck. Hopefully that one will be easier to write and to read as well.
Michael came up from behind, the archangel blade going in for the kill. But Lucifer twisted like a fucking ballerina and backhanded Michael.
Sam sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Yeah.” He tapped his thumbs on the table, “I’m coming up with jack as well.”
The angels mobbed Chuck, circling him, sweeping down with angel blades drawn, and Chuck responded back with thick coils of Darkness wrapping around them, lightning strikes cracking within the thick mist, and with snaps of his fingers, angel’s died in flashes of light. But little by little, Chuck’s face shifted to panic. That writer from long ago returned, fumbling to try and gain the upper hand, shaking his head, talking to himself, shouting when first one angel and then another snatched up his arms and Michael closed in with a blade to his throat and fisting his hair back.
The smirk and soft chuckle warmed Castiel’s heart. He smiled, Dean relaxed, and with a nod, Dean opened his door, stepping out, but Castile’s fingers remained laced with his because he wasn’t ready to let him go. He crawled out of the car through the driver’s side, and got to watch Dean turn red along his cheeks and neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean practically fell forward, his lips brushing half of Cass’ mouth, startling them both if the pause and the gasps from them both said anything. Dean felt his face warm, easing back, an apology on his lips, only to have Cass shift, angling their mouths better, and he gripped Dean's collar, pulling him close and the kiss trembled back to life between them. Dean felt his own stomach flip with nerves; a shy, slow push of lips, of a tongue grazing his bottom lip, of a stuttering withdrawal that left them hovering so close together in hopes the other would just push forward a little…
“This is not your time.” Dean snarled and reared back, and from the water, Castiel’s arm appeared, still a shade, a ghostly image compared to his solid form, but Dean knew how this worked, he hadn’t left anything to chance. He held onto Cass, clawing at the ground with his free hand to find leverage, dragging him from the depths of the Empty inch-by-inch, bolstering himself as his bowed head slid from the water. Dean dragged him through time and space and death itself because he would never left go.
He cursed and bowed his head, shoulders shaking, and it was his turn to have tears drip down his nose.
He swallowed hard, lips parted to apologize, but he stopped, staring down at narrowed blue eyes with a twinkle sparking in their depths. With a tilt of Cass’ head, and a sensual curl of his hips in the process, Castiel sat up, pushing into his space, and forced Dean back as he hummed near his mouth. "Do you trust me?"
Castiel sat back on his heels, touching his chest and arms, looking to Dean then back to himself, head tilting to the side, brows furrowed and looking more like a confused puppy than an angel. “I don’t know. But I’m alive.”
It was slow, like the first tentative beats from a heart monitor. First one and then another as wispy shadows appeared, curling into reality till people appeared all around them and continuing their day as if nothing had ever happened. Dean looked around the town, listening to the sounds of the world, hearing birds again, cars, laughter, a dog’s bark and the clatter of plates as a waiter dropped a bucket of dishes on the ground and the manager’s shout of dismay. Dean soaked in the sounds of the world and held onto them for just a moment longer.
He pulled into a local convenience store just as an older gentleman shuffled up to unlock the door, his sweater-vest a festive reminder of the holidays sneaking up on the civilians. It was the kind of ma-and-pop-run business without security cameras. He shuffled through the aisles on legs like jelly, gathering ingredients and necessities for what he was about to do.
“Would they be able to fight against Chuck?”
The water bubbled around him, jumping and trembling, and Dean saw, past Cass’ arm, the Empty writhing below like boiling tar, its hold on Cass strong and tireless.
“I’m the hero.” Chuck hissed.
“Jack?”
The angels landed, before him, staring with questioning eyes and yet seeing the Godliness that Jack possessed. Michael stepped forward and dropped to a knee, head bowed, “It is done, my Lord.” and as if in slow motion in a roiling wave, all the angels took a knee and bowed their heads to God.
Dean approached, never looking back because this was his only chance.
“You know,” Michael joined him, sitting beside him as he looked at the page Jack was on. “If—”
The horror on Dean’s face was more than worth it.
Dean turned, wrapping an arm around Cass' neck and he pulled him in close, chuckling as he spat into the sink, hip checking him, even as Cass wrapped his arms around his waist and leaned into him, and Dean turned and planted a sloppy toothpaste covered kiss to his cheek with a grin of his own. Cass laughed, and it looked so good on him, nose crinkled up, eyes squeezed shut against the onslaught. It devolved from there and went from a kiss here, a playful slap on the ass there, to more kissing. A little groping led to a lot of groping, and a few snickers let to bouts of laughter. He never remembered laughing so much with someone as they essentially made out like teenagers.
Jack lifted his arms with Light glowing around him, ringing the area in power. Though the storm clouds swirled and lightning struck the ground, and the storm grew ever larger, a central clear patch above kept the sky blue bright creating an eye of the storm—an Eye of God.
“Cass…” He licked his lower lip, pulling back enough to look him in the eye, their faces far too close, their foreheads warming with the faintest of brushes. His breath hitched, staggering in his lungs, as his throat bobbed. “I… uh… I…”
“Sam!” Dean was on his feet and running, plowing into Chuck—and it felt like running into a concrete wall. Chuck grabbed Dean’s elbow and jerked him up and over his shoulder. In a fleeting head rush, Dean marveled at the feeling of his feet leaving the earth and seeing the sky so far above him rush past in a series of blues and whites. He flipped up and over Chuck, hitting the ground hard and feeling his shoulder crackle a second time before the pain zapped down his spine and his vision darkened.
Dean jerked his head around to look at his little brother, his eyes unable to focus because they fucking hurt from fucking crying all day. "What?"
Dean scowled, “Why would you want to ruin perfectly good waffles with fruit? Pour maple syrup on top and then top it off with bacon. It’s the only way to eat them.”
Castiel flinched, confirming his assessment, and he lifted a hand to prod at the wound. “I wasn’t expecting a shape shifter to become Freddy Kruger. It’s an effective offensive shape, but extremely ostentatious out on the streets.”
GAh, this chapter... it's soooooo much longer than I thought it was going to be. I know I'll be embarrassed by this whole mess tomorrow and that I'll want to cry tomorrow after i wake up and realize in horror that yes, I did, indeed, post that first draft. Its just not up to my normal standard... but I wanted to get this up before thursday... and I have two more chapters to write ;__; kill me now. I hate myself. why did I decide to do this? this is a first draft. it's sooooo crappy~ pray for me.
Mouth thinning, seething below the surface, Chuck jerked his head around to look at Jack and the sky rumbled and clapped to match his wrath.
Sam’s eyes met his over the roof of the Impala, hope shining there.
Sam’s smile grew. “It’s a specific spell, we’ll need to head out to one of the lakes and stand in a specific spot and perform the summoning at a specific time of day, but that’s the best part, we could do  it this afternoon. We already have all the ingredients.”
Jack’s eyes lowered and his smile fell, “I couldn’t bring him back.”
Jack frowned, tilting his head very Cass-like. “Perhaps. But we’ll work on it.”
“I’m here, Dean.”
Dean’s chest tightened, throat bobbing as he Jack looked back at them. He didn’t know if he could say goodbye. Jack was theirs. It was too soon to see him go, too.
“Jack!” Dean roared over the storm, hands raised against the wind, trying to see the boy, needing to see him fight.
"We'll keep fighting till our last breath." Dean resolved, packing up the car, Sam at his side and Jack wiping his just as red eyes with a nod. "We'll fix the world,  we'll kill Chuck, and after wards, after we have our people back, we're going to eat some damn taquitos with Cass and Eileen and whoever else is close enough to join us, and we're going to throw back some shots, sing some bad karaoke, and we’ll do it because we'll be free, and for the first time in our screwed up lives, we'll decide what makes us happy."
“Dean, you saved me.”
Dean Winchester sang. He sang till tears burned behind his eyes and threatened to undo him. He sang into the pain, leaning into the loss and desperation to color his words as his voice rose and filled the barn for any and all to hear. He sang with conviction and without mirth. All those bad karaoke nights—those were for laughs, that was to entertain his friends for a good time. This moment? Here in this barn filled with memories of the night they met; he sang to save his life.
In a weird way, Dean had forgotten what pleasure felt like. What pleasure did in connecting flesh to flesh and making him feel like he was alive. On the road, jumping from dive-bar to dive-bar, a human connection was the only thing he could get that let him know he had survived. But this, here, thrusting up against Cass, dragging his lips down over Cass' throat and scraping his teeth against his jaw—nails digging into his shoulders as Cass' thighs flexed and rode him—it wasn't just him being alive, it was him living in a moment he wanted.
A few angels hesitated, the ones who mistrusted him, the ones who were never very good at thinking for themselves; one last pop and Michael appeared, dropping to the ground in a crowd and a spray of feathers, he rose one more before them as their general. “God is calling us home. To battle!” And the angels surged froward.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed into Dean Winchester’s soul.
His eyes snapped back up to his eyes, his heart suddenly in his throat. When had they gotten so close; he didn’t mind, but it was also so distracting.
Hades frowned from his throne, studying Dean. “You are a Hero. I can see that. Fortuna has not been so generous these last centuries with granting her favor upon mortals. Perhaps…”
“Yes.” And Castiel truly smiled—a real smile. The type of smile that wrinkled his nose, showed off his gums, and changed his face into pure joy with laugh lines that proved just how happy he was to be alive.
“Dean Winchester.” Hades said, stopping him short.
Dean stood in the kitchen early the next morning, apron around his hips, food spaced on the counter, and cookbook propped in the book holder when Sam shuffled in, yawning and in search of coffee. He stopped, eyes wide, and Dean waved him toward the breakfast bar with his whisk, “Eat up. We have work to do.”
Dean tapped a thumb against the steering wheel, then shifted, opening his mouth, paused then smirked, circling back to something Michael said. “But you’re not sure Chuck was the only god alive at the Big Bang, right? What if one of the creation myths out there could give us a clue as to another God, capital G, who is out there and could stand up against Chuck?”
Sam smiled. “I wouldn’t have brought it up if she wasn’t. It was her idea actually.”
“I’ll get to you next!” Chuck rounded on them, face flushed, finger shaking.
Off in the distance with withered, dry shrubs flanking either side, a door stood in the center of the field—or at least what Dean assumed was the center. He gripped his bag tight and made the trek to the gray stone arch, rusted and old, the stones covered in the brittle remains of dead moss clinging precariously from the rock. Iron nails were embedded in the arch, fashioned into the likeness of an iron gate tipped in filigree and chipping paint. It squeaked open the closer he got, a slow whine that made him want to reach for the salt.
Jack smiled then, the furrow between his eyes easing though he never looked away from Chuck. “Don’t worry. The cavalry is here.”
Castiel climbed to his feet, the rumble thrumming inside him like a heartbeat. He knew that energy. He had felt it so many times in the past two years he scolded himself for not recognizing it immediately.
“Yeah she did.” Dean grinned, wagging his brows at him.
I'm posting this before I've watched the series finale. I have 1 hour and 18 minutes left before it will go live-stream and I can watch it.... but here is the first half. I'll post the second half as soon as I'm done. This chapter got away from me hardcore. It ended up almost twice as long as I was expecting, and the second half of the chapter is still growing. At least the second chapter will be all steamy. I hope you like my conclusion....... in case things aren't good. I don't know yet. I guess I'll find out soon.
“Thanks, Dr. Phil.”
“Just because Jack got his groove back, doesn’t mean it's enough to kill Chuck. As much as I want to put a cap in his ass and bury him ten feet under, in concrete,” Dean swallowed hard, knuckles white against the bottle. “I don’t think he can die.”
Dean shifted and Castiel slid out from under him, shoving pillows up against the headboard so when Dean sat back, it felt comfortable and his back supported. Cass watched him with that same intensity he had come to associate with Cass, liking he was looking into his soul and wanting nothing more than to lick it. He glanced at him then away, and before he could sigh against the anxiety building in his gut, Cass slid onto his lap, knees on either side of his hips, and he cupped Dean's face, leaned in, and fluttered kisses against his cheeks and freckles.
The rift lingering for ten agonizing heartbeats before it closed with a pop, and Castiel closed his eyes.
He choked and his face twisted, a tear dripping off his nose, the rest running down his neck and soaking into his shirt.
Jack threw him a half smile, then winked.
He followed the trembling knocks, running even past when he felt like he needed air—which he didn’t. He ran to stay ahead of the Empty, he ran toward that voice, toward the man who changed him so irrevocably that he had become the first angel to ever learn to love in the way of mortals. He ran toward the man he had fallen in love with and whom he would do anything for… and had.
“What a standup guy that Mikey is.” Dean grunted, fingers tightening on the bottle, wanting to lift it up and drink, but Sam’s eyes on him stayed his hand long enough so his brother would stop trying to catch him drinking his shitty life away.
It was simple really; Castiel’s grace had been sacrificed in exchange for a soul. A soul tied to Dean’s so fully that Castiel’s death would follow Dean’s, as well as his soul would follow Dean’s to heaven. A bond so profound it could never be broken.
A week later, Jack’s ‘feeling’ had them pulling up to a church without a sound but the Impala’s engine rumbling in the deathly silence of the world, and the trio climbing out to see what convinced the kid they weren’t alone.
“You swore to me!” Chuck roared, shoving Michael’s arm aside and grabbed the angel by the throat, forcing Michael backward in stumbling steps in the loose gravel. “I shouldn’t be surprised. This universe has done nothing but defy me. Changing. Making choices against the narrative. Every. Single. One of you!” He punched Michael, knocking him to the ground followed by a kick to the ribs.
That should help, Castiel thought with a thin smile in satisfaction. No need to make Dean think he was required to entertain him. He stripped and climbed into the shower. The water pressure sucked, but the warmth and steady rhythm soothed his mind and relaxed him completely. He washed, taking his time to remember all the basic hygienic needs a human body required.
They would have been happy.
Jack peeked into his pocket, and Daphne’s head poked out, chirping at him with a ruffle of her yellow, fluffy feathers, and gazing up at him adoringly as only a baby chick could. “Don’t worry.” Jack said, looking to Dean, “We’ll be fine.” The kid only managed three steps before the snap echoed in their ears and a rush of wind hit them in the chests. Dean dropped to a knee and Jack fell to his hands and knees, eyes flickering with golden light.
“It’s not an ending, its just a new beginning.” Jack said, and waved his hand, opening the earth, and his angels fell down into it, dragging Chuck down with them, his cries fading into the earth.
Dean nodded, patting his cheek. “You okay?”
He bent suddenly, dipping the small gap between them, and Dean pressed a soft kiss to his cheek, then another, and another. Castiel’s eyes slipped shut, his lips parting, and he felt Dean’s lips brush across the corner of his mouth. He leaned into him, his fingers tightening on Dean’s jacket, and he tilted his mouth to his, and they gasped against one another, hovering, waiting. He knew Dean was the one still hesitant, still uncertain of all this, and as much as Castiel wanted to surge forward, to be the one to wrap an arm around Dean’s waist and jerk him close and claim his mouth, he also knew how delicate Dean was at the moment concerning the issue. To be patient, to wait, to silently show his approval when Dean did initiate anything's…. Castiel was good at being patient.
“Now get your act together, and take care of my nephew. He’s going to become amazing.” Michael smiled, stepping out of the bunker’s wardings and took flight, looking back only once. He felt Winchester walk back into the bunker before he disappeared from his view. He hoped the man would understand what he was about to do.
Dean gasped in a breath, just trying to breathe. Was he having a fucking panic attack? He grit his teeth and growled in his throat, sniffing leaning forward, elbows on his knees as he pulled his hands away, trying to wipe the tears away as discretely as possible to hide them from Sam.
“I asked Eileen to marry me.” Sam said, standing awkwardly on the stairs.
Michael frowned, hesitating.
Shit.
The red grew along Dean’s cheeks till his freckles stood out, “Well, buddy, as flattering as that is, you need to get that under control so we can be out in public.” He cleared his throat and took hold of his trench coat, pulling it around him, effectively wrapping him up in it so it covered his crotch.
There was a part of him that didn't think he would be able to pull Cass' clothes off and push him into bed.
“I turned the cells off.” He said, “I had something I was doing…” and the passenger door of the Impala creaked opened, shaking the car as the door shut, Sam's eyes widened.
The man jerked his eyes to his, throat bobbing.
He didn’t want to think about it. But, he owed it to himself. He didn’t think about the sex because he was in no way ready for something like that—but he thought about Cass himself. Cass and how he made him feel, Cass and his loyalty, Cass and his lack of understanding human sarcasm. It took years for Cass to understand humanity, to grow to love it contrary to the other angels, to see humanity’s beauty and flaws and still think they were worthy of being saved. He thought about who Cass had become, and who he was to him.
Dean shook his head, blinking into the gravel, ears ringing. Shit. Being bitch slapped by God. Didn’t get any lower than that.
“So, Jack’s resting. Managed to get him to eat something and he’s in bed now. Lucifer is locked up in the dungeon. Michael said he’d keep an eye on him through the night for us.”
Castiel supposed he had dozed off at some point, waking to the sensation of eyes on the back of his neck. He rolled over, propping himself up on an elbow, and met Dean’s eyes, his silhouette shadowed by the lights filtering in through the curtains. He sat on the edge of his bed, rubbing the back of his neck, but he didn’t turn away, he didn’t make an excuse for what he was doing as Cass half expected he might. Dean sat there, his brow scrunched in the middle of his forehead, and his hands seemingly shaking between his knees. Castiel didn’t know if he could breathe when he met Dean’s haunted eyes.
“Trying to beat me at my own game? I’ve seen it all! I’ve written it all! You won’t win because this is my story! This is my ending! You’ll fight, and you may even get in a few hits, make me question if I have the strength to fight against a younger and more powerful being. But I’ve got eons on my side and this story will end with my fighting till the end and outsmarting you.” He stomped a foot down and Darkness surged around his shoe and battered the aura of Light.
They had driven most of the night, pulling off to rest at a truck stop around midnight, Cas slept on the backseat, curled up with a furrow between his eyes as he tried to sleep, and Dean slept propped int the front, staring at him from over the back of the seat till he finally nodded off. They slept for a few hours before pushing on once dawn broke.
Jack tried to smile. The idea that Castiel—who always said the angels held little love for him—had an older brother who did in fact like him, and Castiel who had always been a little troublemaker… it made him happy for the briefest of moments. But the tears came, sudden and unbidden, his loss, this secret little confession on Michael's part, and Jack found himself sniffling, wiping at his eyes, shoulders shaking and that hole in his chest opening up ever greater. “I miss him. I miss him so much. He always knew what to do.” He choked out, and Michael wrapped his arm around his shoulders, pulling him against his side.
Dean swallowed hard, heart pattering against his ribs. “Can you bring him back?”
Dean blinked and pulled back, one hand still gripping his shoulder. “What the…”
“Right. But what else? What else did that rib represent?”
Chuck’s face twisted, looking from Jack, to Dean, and then focusing last of all on his son, on Michael's set jaw and raised chin. Chuck scowled, cheeks ruddy.  “You?”
He dropped his eyes, rubbed a sweaty palm against his thigh, mouth dry.
Dean felt a smile crawl over his face. “You ain’t goin’ anywhere.”
It started innocent enough. Dean had been brushing his teeth, the pair getting ready for bed, relaxed in t-shirts and flannel sleep pants, or in the case of Cass, boxer-briefs. Then Cass had mumbled a good night, pressed a hand to the small of Dean's back, and brushed a kiss to the side of his neck, just under his ear.
Dean swallowed and looked away, his gaze distant, shoulders stiff. “Except Cass.”
and the nothingness shook, like a door being knocked on and the glass shaking in its frame.
Dean’s face twisted and he sobbed, reaching a hand out, taking hold of the edge of his trench coat, holding onto him, staring up at him, unable to turn away, not wanting too.
Dean rolled his head to the side to glare at Jack, rolling his eyes as the kid looked up with such earnest hope that it might help. “Awesome. We’ll just egg God.” He rubbed his brow, needing a drink. Another drink. He felt like he could feel the alcohol leaving his system and the pain was returning when all he wanted was to be numb.
Dean lowered his gun, shooting Sam a look. "You, uh, doing okay there, Mikey?"
Sam stared back at him, and Dean knew he could see it in the way he felt tense and was biting his cheek that he knew he was sober at the moment. He knew Sam wanted to ask questions, his brother always wanted to delve into emotional chick-flick moments, but Sam also knew him well enough that one wrong move right now might make him spiral, and Dean was holding on by his fingernails. He had to do this for Jack, for the possibility of getting Cass back, just to give Sam the chance to maybe lock Eileen down and be happy for just once in his life.
As Dean cried and Sam didn’t bother consoling him anymore, Jack stood, padding through the bunker on bare feet. He wandered the halls, but all the same, following the draw of angelic power, Jack found himself standing beside Michael and staring into the dungeon where a chained and very human Lucifer sat in absolute silence like a comatose victim.
Rubbing his face and looking back to his book, Dean’s eyes trailed over the entrapment spells for some of the lower case ‘g’ gods, not seeing anything new; not seeing anything useful. Tossing the book away, Dean hesitated, lingering on a book that looked fairly new compared to the dusty leather tombs he had combed through for the last week. Pulling the cloth-bound edition his way, Dean glanced to Sam then away, his mouth going dry, palms sweating, and Dean’s heart speeding up. He opened the book, slumped in his chair just as he would with any other lore, except this one, he actually read, comprehending, soaking in every word like his life depended on it.
Dean felt the same.
Shit, had he ever seen Cass cry? He couldn't remember. He honestly couldn't remember ever seeing the angel cry.
If by some miracle you liked this new installment, let me know. I need the praise to keep me motivated through my tears as I type till my fingers bleed.
His brother huffed; mouth open, ready to argue. "This was so stupid of you--"
Reaching down, he tapped the water, and a light below flickered, rising like a ghost from the water, a woman with a stab wound to her chest and black eyes. He tapped another and a man stood broad chest, chin held high, and dressed in a tailored suit with wings unfurled. When he refused to touch the shades, they drifted back down into the water, melting like ice.
The kid fell to the gravel, gasping, eyes shining, a protective hand protecting Daphne even as he trembled and nearly wretched from the influx of power.
“Jack’s power is new. It’s weak and nothing compared to my Father’s power. But Jack has something my Father is losing after destroying countless worlds of his own making. He’s lost everything in ridding himself of the very beings he loved most of all. You need to be there for Jack to get him through this.”
Then the ground trembled below him and a loud crack filled the room, like shattering glass as the water trembled at their feet. But Dean never removed his eyes from Cass, swallowing hard, scared, knowing this was the hardest part.
Only when the Empty did leave him alone, slipping off to try and silence the other voices, did Castiel look up from his slumped form, meeting the eyes of Hanna, Balthazar, even Gabriel, the three gazing at him from the outskirts of the angelic host.
“You’ll figure it out, kid. I know you will. Castiel believed in you, and I think I should follow my brother’s lead and have faith in you as well.” Michael reached forward, patting his shoulder, leaning in as if conspiratorially, "Castiel was always very un-angel like. He was too young to remember me, but he always had a tendency to ask questions. It's probably why he was my favorite little brother. Well. Until he set me on fire."
When he stepped out, he found Dean awkwardly standing in the center of the room, more on edge than when he left. He frowned, tilting his head, taking in Dean’s stiff back and shoulders, the way his hands were clenching and releasing, his eyes a little wild.
Michael spread his wings wide, sending forth his power, eyes closed, and reaching out into the suddenly very empty universe, a prayer on his lips, as he called out for his Father, pleading for his forgiveness.
Michael met his gaze, so regal while looking like a construction crew reject. "I want to help you stop my Father."
Sam looked at him, brows furrowed in that same 'what the fuck are you talking about?' look of his, eyes watery again but thankfully not running down his face yet. "What?"
“Perhaps, but no, I don’t think they would be able to stop him.”
“Don’t you give up on me.” Dean snarled, teeth grinding, grunting as he pulled and with a roar, so loud and guttural it deafened him, Dean pulled, and he pulled Cass toward him, one inch at a time. He didn’t know how long he gripped his arm, he didn’t know how long he struggled, but what Dean did know, he would never let go. Not when he was this close.
With one hand holding the storm at bay, Jack held forth his other hand, fingers pressing together, and he snapped.
Dean jerked him close and pulled him into a hug, eyes squeezed shut and gasping for a breath. He hugged him tight, fingers gripping the back of his coat, fingers curling in the back of his hair, and he hugged him long after the sun went down and his tears dried up. He held him close and couldn’t bring himself to let him go.
Castiel's hips moved, pushing, grinding against him, and Dean inhaled, holding still, his hands grabbing Cass' thighs. Castiel moaned against his mouth and arched his back, rolling his hips down and up, and his erection slid alongside his own, wringing a groan from Dean's chest. He grunted, panting into his mouth, and he slipped a little further over that wall of insecurity and internalized denial.
I'm NOT OKAY. I've actually cried already while waiting for this series finale. I'm so much more emotional than I was expecting. I knew I would cry, but I thought it would be DURING the show, not four hours before I would be able to watch it. I just hope it ends well.
"I'm a good son." Michael said, meeting Dean's eyes.
“I’m not very skilled in the human world. I may need your help figuring out where I best fit in.” He said and lifted his eyes, staring at him from under his lashes.
Michael stepped up behind his brother, frowning down at him, archangel blade in hand. “It is done. Lucifer is no more.”
The closeness was palpable, the quiet of the room, their breaths lingering between them. And Castiel wondered if this had anything to do with what happened earlier. He lost himself in the green and earnest gaze, and didn’t know how to interpret the hitch in Dean’s breaths.
Chuck moved slowly forward, fighting against the Light Jack emitted, filling the ever shrinking space in the center with as much of his golden power as possible. Jack winced, stumbling back a step, both hands up now, pushing back against the Darkness as Chuck gained another inch.
“I knew Dean got you out. I helped by exchanging your grace for a soul, but I just missed you so much.” Jack blubbered against his shoulder, both effectively clearing up how the hell Dean was able to get Cass out of the Empty as well as just confirming how much the kid cared.
He snorted and Cass looked to Dean, watching a small smile tug at the corner of his lips. Castiel considered the situation, tilting his head, pondering. Though he had lived as a human for several months at several different points in over the past decade of knowing the Winchesters, he was still new to most sensations. So, when Dean inhaled, staring at the space between them, and reached for his hand, settling it over his, Castiel studied Dean, in awe of this man who experienced emotions like a comet in his soul. He would jump headlong into battle with no regard for his own safety, so long as his family was safe, but allowing himself a small touch like this, that comet dragged him across the breadth of his being and left him quiet and nervous. Dean’s hand twitched atop his, and his shoulder tensed as if he was going to pull away, but with a slow exhale, he didn’t. Castiel watched as Dean forced himself to stay still, to stare at their hands, to raise his green eyes and catch his. He watched as Dean tried to find his voice, but failed and licked his lips instead.
“Your songs have touched my wife’s heart, mortal. If Fortuna had not named you Hero and Champion, I would have struck you down for daring to enter my domain.”
Castiel shook at the next knock, and that thing deep inside him, that crack that never allowed him to just accept what was expected of him, opened wide and a rush of energy flooded his limbs. “I’ll decide that for myself.” Castiel grabbed the Empty’s leg and twisted, knocking the supreme being off balance and it hit the ground. Castiel rolled to his feet and ran, head spinning and heart skipping in his chest.
He wanted to look back, to even just check that that trench coat was swaying along behind him….
"You drag us out here to kill us?" Dean barked, gun drawn even though he knew how useless it was.
"Why did you call us?"
“If you hated the way we ruined your stories, why not just leave? Create another world? Why us? Why this world?” Sam asked, spitting blood.
When Adam cut his rib out, he saw that spark of the divine, a beacon of light compared to the sparks surrounding him. That rib had practically glowed in his hand, throbbing with power that he drew into himself for the simple act of killing God himself.
The Empty scowled at the noise, hands over its ears.
“Cass was right.” Dean whispered, and he pulled away, patting Jack’s shoulder.
What he wasn’t expecting was Sam’s bull-charge out the front door, eyes hard and on fire, barking at him as he jumped from the porch. Eileen stepped out after him, looking relieved to see him, even as she threw her hands up in the air and shook her head after Sam.
“Perhaps, but that’s why I need you. You’ll remind me of the perfection in the imperfect.”
“Hell, Sammy, you gotta make it stick if you’re gonna embarrass a guy.” Dean chuckled, and shook his head, tipping his beer back for a drink with a sigh of amusement.
Michael nodded, rubbing at his chest. "I couldn't hold onto him. I... tried. But, Father, he dragged him away from me like smoke. He's locked me out of heaven, I can't see him...." his gaze went distant, like he was truly lost without Adam sharing his head space.
Dean felt like poison. He felt like he was nothing more than Death walking the world. Anyone who got close to him died—and Cass was just another casualty. But it hurt so much more. Cass loving him had literally killed him, and Dean raised his hands to his face, hiding himself as his face twisted in agony.
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said when it became apparent he wasn’t going to kiss him again, he wasn’t going to do something as rash as invite him into his room, that he wasn’t brave enough to just tell him he was scared out of his fucking mind because it was all too new too fast.
Michael frowned, looking to Dean and then to Jack. “We might win this after all.”
Then Castiel’s stomach growled.
“So?” Dean prompted, raising his brows.
Sam snorted, but he could hear the smile in it, like his brother was smirking at him and judging him silently in the best way possible.
The world was fucked. There was no way to kill Chuck. He could see it now. Even if they did stumble upon something, this was Chuck’s narrative. There wasn’t a single thing they could do and he and Sam were going to wither away on an empty planet with a pissed off archangel with daddy issues, a nephilim who just got his soul back and was too pure for their sorry jaded asses, and Cass…
Chuck shouted behind them, and the Darkness rolled back in, lightning zapping a few angels out of the air, their bodies dropping hollow and burnt.
The doors to his right opened and a woman glided into the throne room, her golden hair pinned up in curls that ringed her shoulders, and her white dress of chiffon and silk trembled with every step. She smiled, lips red, eyes so blue as to remind him of pure lake water on a springtime afternoon. She joined the man upon his throne, her hand sliding along his shoulders, and she bent to kiss his cheek—and the man closed his eyes, leaning into her, his shoulders relaxing and his large hand touching her wrist as if gentling upon a butterfly’s wing.
Gabriel beamed, “And you, nephew, I can’t wait to teach you—”
But now, knowing he would get a chance to watch Dean eat pie, that he now would be able to eat peanut butter and jelly once again without tasting the molecules, and he would be able to do such things as "have sex," Castiel reminded himself there were just as many great and wondrous aspects being human offered him alongside the annoyances.
Dean nodded, reluctant, but Michael relaxed as Dean relaxed, his green eyes rich and darker than normal. He thought Adam might explain why that was, why the sorrow Dean Winchester was treading could change him on a physical level… but Adam wasn’t here, and he missed the kid dearly.
But imagining growing old and crotchety with Cass; puttering about the kitchen, making himself burgers under the delusion that he would make it to old age where he was gray and no longer able to hunt but maybe do what Bobby did and help younger hunters…. Cass was just there. He never would have thought otherwise. Even recently with the fights they’ve had, the words they threw at each other, the accusations, Dean never once thought Cass would ever leave. Cass was a fixture. Cass was eternal. Cass was just supposed to be there with him till the end.
Sam’s face twisted into that momentarily impressed expression. He nodded, eyes gazing off on the horizon while his big brain was mulling that over. Michael nodded, humming. “Perhaps. After everything I’ve read about Father and this narrative he created, I can’t say I would put it past him to omit the truths hidden in the rest of the universe.”
He squeezed his eyes shut, groaning, guiding Cass' movements so they pressed and rocked just right that it made his balls tighten and pull up. Cass mewled in his ear, little huffs of breath that punched out of him now and then. Cass shoved a hand down between them, pressing his knuckles just right against their cocks, rubbing the damp fabric between them; his voice growing into a whine. His back bowed over him, his cheek brushing against Dean’s and their stubble rasped against each other, causing jolts of burning hot arousal straight down to his dick. Dean gasped, and Cass dropped his head to his shoulder, crying out, trembling in his arms.
ANYWAY; doesn't matter. if anything, trying to rewrite 19 made me understand better what they were trying to do, so I'm not as.... um.... upset with the episode as my first reaction was. I'm still disappointed and flabbergasted that the writer was all "yeah! nailed it! high five guys!" after writing it, because no. just no. It was still an extremely weak and poorly done season finale, but.... I understand a little better what happened and so I can maybe, sorta, from a small cold sliver of my crowley-heart forgive the episode... BUT JUST A LITTLE. I still think it could have been executed better.
The woman smiled, “Hear him out, love. I think the mortal’s heart said it all.” Persephone, his wife, said, her voice higher pitched than expected, like wind chimes in a breeze.
Dean’s eyes drifted back to his cheek, his thumb tickling the heated flesh, brushing over it so delicate it was hard to compare this man’s almost shy affections with the man who had once upon a time possessed the Mark of Cain.
Turning, Michael rounded on Lucifer and grabbed him by the back of the hair and yanked him around like a ragdoll, slamming his face into the table once, twice, and then he kneed him in the stomach.
"Dean?"
Dean wasn't too concerned for himself. Maybe death would be better anyway. Maybe this just made him suicidal. Maybe it made him a big damn hero. Either way, he needed to be a little reckless in hopes this worked and they'd get their people back.
Michael shot Dean a look, nodding. “Sam!” Dean bellowed and opened fire, his brother following his lead and the two emptied their entire clips into Lucifer’s chest just as Michael lurched up behind Lucifer and locked him in a full Nelson.
The trek back up to the surface seemed like it took forever. There was nothing in the world that seemed to take as long as this journey. The longer he walked, the more he doubted Hades was a god of his word…
Castiel gripped the Empty’s wrists, struggling to pull them away from his jaw. “Because, Jack needs them.”
Sam frowned, looking up from the pancakes and watching the boy sit at the table, sifting through that statement and coming up short.
"Sit up against the headboard." Cass ordered—and it was an order with no room for argument.
“Predictable.”
“Will you come back?” Sam asked, pushing his hands in his pockets.
But when the lights flicked off, he was alone in his bed and Dean in his. He shouldn’t be disappointed, Castiel chastised himself. But maybe he was? Shifting he rolled to his side, back to the other bed. He needed to sleep. The process had always been difficult for him.
He bent forward, panting, eyes closed, keeping his head forward, because he had to trust Cass was right behind him. Doubt curled in his belly like a whisper. What if running had left Cass behind? What if Cerberus had snatched him up, trying to do his job and keep the dead in the underworld. Dean punched a fist down on his leg, forcing himself to focus, to remember the lore, to remember the failure of Orpheus.
“Eat up before it gets cold.” Dean said, looking back down at the heavy cream he was whipping, and got back to work.
Lucifer gagged, eyes wide, and with each hit, that golden light wisped away from the devil. Dean followed the light, eyes wide as it made its way to Jack, disappearing into his chest and causing a flicker of golden light in his irises to flash on and off like a dying battery.
They agreed it was time for bed, between the long day and the roiling emotions, Dean needed time; but instead, they stood there, hovering in the hallway, a rather tipsy Castiel staring up at him, far too close, far to expectant, and Dean was just barely holding it together.
Hades’ frown deepened, making the corners of his mouth disappear into the gray streaks of his beard. “This is a difficult request. The Empty is not of my lands and your lover is not mortal fair. This will entail more than simply walking with faith of his following.”
A chip popped off and a small beak peaked out, soft chirps following immediately.
“Ignore, Dean. Fruit on waffles is good for you.” Sam said, dragging Dean’s gaze up to him. It was just a simple look, hardly the long, soulful gazes of younger years, but it was enough, a soft thank you and delicate nod of understanding, before Sam hugged Jack in a side hug and dragged him to the breakfast bar where the first stack of waffles sat cooling. “You don’t even need syrup. The fruit is enough.”
“Only one scratch and you managed to deliver the final shot, I’d say you did A+ work out there, trainee.” He winked, and Castiel’s stomach filled with butterflies. He liked it when Dean joked with him, he liked it when Dean reached back up, hand settling along his jaw and his thumb gently prodding beneath the wound again, a frown on his face. He didn’t like him sad, but he liked feeling as if Dean was concerned about him.
“I’m fine.” He said, voice a little softer than usual.
Dean stopped, taking a breath, closing his eyes. He just had to keep going.
“Love.”
“No… No! This isn’t how it’s supposed to end!”
The revelation held his tongue, feeling like icy fingers took hold of his spine and jerked his ribs tight. “What cost?”
“All right.” Dean said, glancing at Sam and back to Michael then to Jack. “Let’s kill ourselves God.”
Sam shuffled closer, heart pounding, watching the chick shift in his palm and chirp a few times as she got her land-legs and managed to sit up, perching in his hand and shaking her feathers as they slowly began to dry and fluff.
“Creation.”
Dean fell forward, practically burying his face against Castiel’s neck. He inhaled sharply, finding himself pushed down into the bed, Dean wrapping his arms around him, pulling him tight to his body; a sob shaking him.
Cass just wrapped his arms around him in return, head pillowed against his chest, and he fell back to sleep, letting Dean keep vigil. Dean closed his eyes and breathed him in, his heart slowing to a relaxed thump with his nose buried in his mop of hair.
He didn't know if he was ready for something like that.
“No catch. Once the price is paid, he’ll live all his long years by your side.”
He hadn’t thought Cass could ever feel such an emotion, let alone toward him and mean it in all the ways Dean hadn’t dared hope.
Dean supposed, today could be considered a victory. Tomorrow. Tomorrow he had work to do.
“You did great, Jack.”
“But remember way back when Lucifer was let out the first time and the gods were holding that convention at the hotel? They said they were here first, right? Dean said, looking to Sam then shooting Michael a look in the mirror. “So, who was it? Who was first?”
Dean’s smile fell, his heart clenching tight. He bowed his head, gripping Jack’s shoulder and nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
“We just need something to hold him. To trap him for even just one minute.” Sam muttered. His renewed hunt through the library creating a veritable mess that would have old-Sam from one month ago crying into his salad over the lack of organization.
“So that wasn’t you in the kitchen last weekend with Cass’ tongue down your throat?”
“You okay there, Jack?”
Chuck smirked and snapped his fingers, the spell, the ingredients, all vanishing. Sam jerked at the move, eyes darting to Dean, jaw tight, his face three seconds away from slipping into bitch-face ninety-seven because his lame-ass idea was probably going to get them dead.
Castiel was hesitant to join his brothers and sisters, staring at the light of his siblings giving the nothingness of the Empty one destination to gravitate toward.
“I’m scared this is a dream and you’ll disappear if I look away.”
And in less than a split second that secret felt too heavy to sit unmoving in his chest. He turned away, turned as far away from his brother as he could and choked on his next breath, hiccuping in breathes all over again. God, he hated crying. A man-tear was one thing, but this, the ugly, suffocating sobs that had left him a hollow wreck in the dungeon after Cass died, he didn't think he could survive this secret.
“You. Can’t. Have. Him.” Dean hissed, and asked even more of himself, drawing on some unknown well of strength and stubborn son of a bitch. He screamed, finding his footing and he pulled Cass toward him, dragging him from the inky blackness below till he stumbled backward, grip lost, and he fell, eyes wide and never leaving Castiel’s face.
They would have been happy.
The drive meandered for days. Following Jack’s ‘feeling’ was a shit way to travel, but at least they didn’t have to worry about speed limits, cops, or other fucking drivers on the roads. No. But they did have to worry about the god-damned interstates being covered with abandoned cars littering the lanes or along the shoulders. It felt like they were wandering aimlessly in a zombie apocalypse minus the zombies. But, Jack had a direction, Dean had a near infinite knowledge of every back-road and single lane highway in the US that got them through the pileups, and Sam had satellite Internet so he could do research even as they drove.
But Dean’s chest shook against his, his strong arms tightening around him. It was more than safety, Castiel realized. It was something else. Something that made him cling to him, made him gasp in breaths against his collarbone, and it was something that made him cry.
"He loved me." he whispered out past a throat so tight it hurt to get the words out. And the words brought about a fresh rush of hot tears that slashed down his cheeks and across his throat, bleeding him out. “He died because he loved me.” He hid his face, pressed his head back into the wall and all he could see was Cass saying it over and over in his mind. What had started as a numbness that forced him to function, processing it strangled him. Getting exactly what he had needed to hear his entire life declared in less than three minutes—Dean wanted to take it all back if it meant Cass would be alive because they went down fighting together. He hadn't even begun to deal with the fact he didn't know how he felt about knowing his best friend in the entire world had been in love with him—let alone how he felt about reciprocating it.
anyway. Here's this pile of goo I wrote. sorry i sucks. but I at least got down the gist of what I wanted to write as having an ACTUAL fight... (but again... still a fail because the Winchesters themselves are useless other than distractions. that's how failed this season finale was from the start.. there was just no hope of salvaging it.)
Sam hummed. "For the right guy." He simplified, and Dean nodded, but refused to look at him, hating how that single statement clicked something into place inside of him that made him feel like there was a part of himself he hadn't known wasn't placed just right on the puzzle board of his life.
Nodding, fingers shaking as he hesitantly twisted the cap back on the whiskey, Dean’s throat bobbed, and he stashed the whiskey back behind the flour, shutting the cabinets and leaning on them, tense, desperate to just keep drinking till he couldn’t feel anymore; instead, he focused on each breath to convince himself to keep it together till Sam went to bed.
The grin Cass gave him made him feel like less of a dick, but he couldn’t help but look over his shoulder, look back toward the group they passed….
“Jack got his powers back. This is big, Dean. We might have a chance now. Between Jack and Michael—”
“I… I don’t know.” He inhaled sharply, watching another crack in the egg split down its side and another chip of shell flaked away. “It was like I could see what the egg could have been if it had been fertilized and warm. I wondered what the egg could have become and wished it had… had the chance at life.”
Shifting, just barely, Dean flipped the tv off, leaned back on the sofa, and closed his eyes, warm and happy where he was—but when he tilted his head so his nose pressed against the top of Cass’ head, his hair tickling his lips and chin, then he was able to drift to sleep.
“Jack, what did you do?” Dean pointed at the egg.
Dean nodded, throwing him a wink just to sell it, “That’a boy.” He then turned back to the trunk and smirked. “Let’s get to work.” And he slammed it shut.
“The strawberries are in the fridge, could you get them for me?”
“You… you wished the egg to life?” Sam asked, voice soft and gentle.
Again, Sorry with how CRAPPY the writing in this is. the first half of the first half at least got read-through a second time, but the last half, I literally decided 5 minutes ago to just go ahead and post it before I saw the finale so I couldn't change anything. This is just raw me at the keyboard... crying because I want this so badly. How it happens I don't care... but this was my version of Destiel being alive, well, and falling in love. Slow burn man. But we've had 12 years of it, right? it's about time. (gah, I hope...)
He took Castiel to a movie. It was awkward as hell and Cass seemed to have no idea why they were even doing it. At least when they went to dinner they got to talking, laughing over better times, teasing about current plans, and sheepishly talking about future what-ifs, and that Cass understood.
Before he could figure out what he was going to do, Sam tapped his knuckles on the table, drawing his attention, and he smiled, that sweet, innocent one Sam had never really lost. “I’m happy for you.”
The Empty threw him to the ground and straddled his chest, its hands on his face, its eyes wide and manic. “Why? Why would you do this?”
Dean looked over his shoulder, back stiff, jaw set.
The air temperature dropped and he splashed into an inch of water. He glanced around at the vast blank landscape around him, brow furrowing. He turned back to the doorway, a literal beacon of light compared to the blank nothingness around him, and Dean inhaled and started walking.
"We'll keep fighting till our last breath." Dean said, packing up the car, and tossing a machete into the trunk. Sam stood at his left, nodding, shoulders set, jaw tightening as he offered over a case of bullets that Dean packed away.
Jack wiped his nose, studying Michael, his uncle, he realized, the first angel other than Castiel to tell him one of humanities many strengths.
“You did good, kid.” Dean smiled, and Jack beamed, puffing up at the compliment.
Dean and Sam ducked, seeing the shock wave before it hit. Jack stepped forward, pushing the Light out in front of him in pulsing waves, joining his angels in battle, beating against the writhing tendrils of Darkness that Chuck flung at him like he was in a snowball fight.
P.S. Pick out your favorite love song and play it at some point during this fic. You'll know the moment when to press play.
Jack shook his head, frown deepening. “The Empty’s claim on him is powerful, and seeing how I broke out all the angels from the Empty, I don’t think it will be happy with me. But… I have faith you’ll figure out how to bring Cass home.” He smiled, and Dean’s throat closed up.
Michael smiled then, a lopsided thing that reminded him of Dean and Sam’s smiles. Michael looked to him and shook his head, shrugging a shoulder, “Humans could do what no other celestial being, other my Father could—they could create. They held imagination within their frail frames, and they were building their own worlds around them. They told stories. They sang to one another as a way to teach each other everything from where to hunt, where to find water, and to teach children where they should not wander. They evolved and grew, their stories changed from ones of mere survival to stories about heroic deeds from their bravest warriors, songs became ballads of love and loss, they stopped wandering aimlessly and settled, learning to build shelters and then villages. They imaged the possibilities in domesticating the wild beasts of the lands—and I stood there, in utter amazement before this fledgling race that was humanity, and I saw its beauty. I may not understand humans fully, even after befriending Adam all these years, but I came to love humanity just as my Father commanded.
Michael dared another glance at Jack, and as if electrocuted, Jack lowered his head and ran at Chuck.
The Empty screamed and flung a hand toward Michael, the inky black oil racing to grab him. With a grunt flinging himself forward, Castiel wrapped his arms around the Empty and jerked it to the side, startling the entity and pulling its arms ups short just before they reached Michael so his brother could escape by stepping through the rift. The doorway to earth crackled and trembled, an escape hatch Castiel desperately wanted to use, to flee this misery, to return home, to return to…
Dean looked away, the first heat of a tear skipping down his cheek, burning his flesh. “You made this deal once, for Orpheus. I ask for the same deal.”
Michael’s eyes were soft, “I would be honored.”
Castiel hummed, looking at Dean as the man turned the car off and they were plunged into silence. Dean glanced at him, lips parted, ears turning a soft pink, and then his eyes darted away and he shifted in his seat, rubbing his thighs.
Dean didn't even think having Sam still at his side could keep his broken pieces balanced into this human shape he wore.
Okay. I decided I am a masochist and thought, "Hey! I'll re-write 15x19 to what I was expecting to happen!" and now regret all my life choices because WTF was I thinking?
Jack forced a smile and raised his hand, “Hello.”
“I’m very real, Dean. I have the bruise to prove it.”
“Hello, Dean.”
The gravel crunched behind him, and Dean stiffened, teeth clenched, panting through his teeth, and he shook his head, waited—for the blow, for the knife, for the fangs, for the claws—whatever it was, at least Sam would think he went down in a hunt instead of like a sobbing coward.
Who knew he could find a lightweight so sexy?
Castiel’s shade rose from the water, reaching for him, frozen in time in a pose of movement and fight. Dean stumbled to his feet, reaching for him, and his shade pulled back, beginning to drip and melt back into the black water below.
He didn't know if he could say the same without Cass.
Dean wrapped his arm around Jack, holding him back, watching from over his shoulder as the archangel coughed blood onto the gravel.
Sam frowned at him, watching him drain the bottle, watched him push it away, and he watched as he dragged himself up from his chair, swaying and stumbling, a drunken disaster as he tried to find another bottle because he could still think, could still feel everything inside that tore him to ribbons.
They drove back to town, the angels following, hovering close, watching Jack, reaching out to touch his shoulders, looks of awe spreading across so many of their face. Dean vaguely remembered Anna telling him a decade ago that up to that point, there were only four angels in existence who had seen God’s face. Now, all saw him.
Michael left to scout ahead, to prepare the summoning site for them as they loaded the ingredients into the car.
“A loser.” Dean hissed right back, and he and Sam stood again, and again, and again. His leg throbbed, he couldn’t see straight, he felt like his ribs were seconds away from puncturing a lung, and his shoulder felt numb. But it didn’t matter, because Dean stood back up, hopping on his good leg, grabbing onto Sam to stay standing with blood trickling down their faces, and they grinned at the flustered God.
Cass looked down at himself in surprised, a hand pressing to his stomach. He glanced around himself, focusing on the world around him, before he paused on his hand, considering it. “Oh.”
He sat in silence for hours. He barely registered the noises of Sam and Jack returning, he forced himself to pull it together, but he wasn't all the way there. He could fake it, but behind closed doors, he couldn't make it. Dean sat in the kitchen with Sam, and it occurred to him, in some twisted, fucked up realization that brought this whole fucking apocalypse in perspective—as much as he missed Jody and the girls; as much as he grieved Sam telling him Charlie and Donna disappeared; as much as he railed against the loss of Bobby and so many others; it was Sam's loss of Eileen and his loss of Cass that was breaking him.
“Why?”
And that just brought his face back to him, tears in his eyes, telling him how he had come to love the world because of him.
“I need to meet my future sister-in-law and give her a welcome home hug.”
Dean took a step back, surprised at the light show, and inhaled slow and deep. This was the end. No matter what happened, this was it.
Michael frowned, tapping the book against his thigh and held his gaze. The longer he stared the smaller Jack’s smile became till he felt like a pit opened in his chest and he dropped his gaze, fingering the page of the book in his lap.
Castiel glanced back at the building, wondering if there was some monster he hadn't noticed that Dean had. He was a much better hunter than he was, and though Castiel privately considered himself the better warrior (seeing as how he had once commanded a garrison of angels in laying siege of Hell), he did defer to Dean when it came to earthly matters. His hand rested in the space between them, his eyes scanning the building slowly, "Though, it does appear far too appealing. It may be a trap."
He cleared his throat and regretted it, feeling the pressure building behind his eyes again.
Sam wiped his cheeks and sniffed, pushing his hair away from his red eyes and he turned to look at Dean, a weariness in the set of his shoulders saying it all. "Dude, even if I had told you, you weren't ready to know. Are you even ready now?"
Sniffing, wiping his cheeks, raising his face to the ceiling, Dean just tried to breathe, tried to claw his way out of the depression of failing the world.
Shit, was that an innuendo? It couldn’t be. Cass may understand humanity better, especially in the last couple years, but to be so suggestive? Dean leaned a little closer, setting his whiskey to the side with a smile crawling up his face. “You know I’ll teach ya everything.”
"Adam? He's... dead?"
Michael shrugged, looking down at the archangel blade he held and swung in between his fingers. “Do you remember what Adam--the first man, Adam. Not my Adam. Do you remember what he told you, about his rib?”
With a sigh, Jack lifted a hand in farewell, Daphne cheeping at his side. “Goodbye Sam. Goodbye Dean. I’ll see you around.” He turned then, walking away, a hint of golden light surrounding him even as he faded from sight, the angels following after him, taking flight and disappearing in the blink of an eye.
The bitch-face Jack gave him was so very Winchester that Sam felt proud. “My mind.”
Who fucking knew?
Dean licked his lip and swore he could taste Cass there. He agreed, he was just too afraid to say it.
~Melissa the Damgel
Eventually though, that fire sputtered back to life, reigniting the fight in their souls, escaping the blackness of despair the last several hours had ripped into them. Fight flared back to life in their chests, and the determined set of their shoulders made the loading of shotguns, the sharping of knives, and the prepping of spells all the more focused and easy.
Dean hit his knees and bowed his head, hands shaking, eyes squeezed shut. He couldn’t look. Tears burned hot and fast down his cheeks, his stomach hurt like a mother, and he couldn’t look, he just couldn’t bring himself to turn around and see Cass not there. He didn’t have the courage to admit that if he did all this for nothing when it was his only hope...
Dean swore, looking at Jack and his glassy eyes, almost like he was shot up on powerful painkillers and floating on the high. “He took his power?”
Dean’s eyes flickered to Sam and back, blood rushing in his ears. Sliding a piece of paper over the page, he ran through the list he had made, checking and double checking, his hand shaking as he lowered the pen and scratched out several possible locations the book listed. Underlining one in particular.
"Because God has already betrayed us all." He stepped forward, letting the tip of the blade press against his chest, feeling the first hint of heat and pain warming against his skin.
Dean didn't know what to think. He lingered on the loss most of all, but there, niggling off to the right in his mind, burning hot bright like angel grace, a tear-filled and smiling 'I love you.' It burned him. It hurt so much even as he held onto it, trying so hard to remember how he said it, clinging to every word he never knew he wanted to hear.
"That doesn't explain anything, man."
Of everything that Dean expected Chuck to pull, bringing Lucifer back was not one of them. Let alone the fleeting hope that zinged through his body at the phone call and hearing Cass’ voice again. He ran for the door. He ran like a fucking lovesick school girl answering the door, leaving Sam in the dust, no idea what the hell he was doing, and Dean took those stairs three at a time just to get to that door one second sooner... just to hesitate, heart in his throat. He didn't know if he was brave enough to say anything, but he was desperate enough to need to see him, and he pushed the door open. Only to stare Lucifer in the face and feel his eyes widen and the words, 'abort' playing in his head as he slammed the door shut.
Sam snorted, a smile spreading over his face, the first real one he had felt all week. “Uh, that’s one of the greatest philosophical debates. No one really knows. The egg had to come from something, but what constitutes what the first chicken was? Was it a dinosaur? Was it just an evolutionary fluke that stuck? Was it simply willed into creation by God? No one really knows.”
Dean raised his eyes to the ceiling above, and nodded. “I am.”
Dean grabbed Sam’s arm, the two huddled together as the storm grew and the lightning was getting so close Dean felt like he was going to be missing an eyebrow any second.
Dean closed his eyes, his breath rattling out of him. “I got him out. What’s it look like?”
Sam smiled, “And with the land Bobby left us, I figured we could go and scavenge what we can, make sure no one finds his panic room,” the two smirked at that, “and if we sell it off, we could effectively get quite the piece of land, maybe two lots worth and enough left over to build the house…”
Hissing, Dean shoved his hand into his pocket and ripped the paper with the spell instructions out of his pocket, the underlined instructions, the reminder to sing his feelings, the reminder to have faith. He felt his face flush and he looked away, thrusting it against Sam’s chest and pushing him away all in the same move. “Let’s go, Cass.” he said, yanking Baby’s door open.
"Where you goin', Mikey?" Dean asked, tilting his head, angle blade tapping against his knee.
Dean jolted, eyes darting back and forth. “Wait, is that… uh… what’s his name?”
“That he would understand. I know, Dean.” Cass reached across the seat, laying a hand on his shoulder. The move surprising him as well as settling him. “You scared him, and you Winchesters have a short fuse when it comes to family. By the time he arrives back at the bunker, he’ll have calmed down and you’ll know what to say to him.”
Desperation took hold, pumping adrenaline through him. Dean dropped to his hands and knees, slapping the water, chasing the lights, revealing creature after creature, each never who he needed, who he was here for. After an hour of crawling through the water, rejecting angel after angel, Dean growled, neck feeling hot, Dean sat back on his heels, the cry he withheld for so long burst from his lungs in the plea it was.
"And?"
Castiel lay still as Dean hugged him, his tears sliding down along his neck. He didn’t have a frame of reference for this. He didn’t know how one reacted to Dean Winchester crying against them. Castiel closed his eyes, asking himself what he wanted to do, and with his heart skipping a beat, he shifted, turning to face Dean, and he wrapped his arms around him in return, his fingers sliding into his hair and holding him close.
It didn’t necessarily fix anything, he still felt Dean jerk himself awake to check on him throughout the night, but Dean did sleep in short spurts, his face pressed to his shoulder, to the back of his neck, his arms around his waist and shoulders, wrapping himself around him so completely, Castiel kicked the covers off because he was too warm. They slept late into the morning, scrambling to get dressed and out the door before checkout.
"Oh..." Jack fingered the pages of the book in his lap, a frown pushing his mouth down, his chest feeling tight. “Is that... is that why the angels hate humanity? Is that why Lucifer… my father… wanted to destroy the earth? Is it why Chuck took everyone away? Because humans never just accept what they are told, or do what they are supposed to do?” He blinked quickly, feeling his eyes turning red with tears, and moisture building in the corners of his eyes. “Is that why Castiel was hated? Because he wasn’t a good angel?”
“I’ve got it.” Sam hurried into the library a grin on his face. “I found a summoning spell for God.”
The god frowned down at him, though he didn’t move, didn’t scoff, didn’t so much as roll his eyes. Hades simply stared at Dean with his wife’s hand upon his shoulder.
Dean stared back, his brain shutting down for a split second, before he laughed, “Did you just Han Solo me?”
-Three Months Later-
He paid without meeting the woman's eyes. He threw the bags in the trunk and drove off, being careful to double check his rear view mirror as he backed out.
“Let’s go home.”
“I’m sorry.” He whispered, and the Empty returned, digging into his memories once again. Castiel watched Dean cry, and he felt regret.
“Did he have to bring you back?” Dean grumbled, but his eyes kept searching, desperate for a sign of a tan overcoat.
Licking his lips, Dean folded the paper and shoved it in his pocket and caught his breath. Standing, slapping the book in a huff, Dean gathered up the books he had and walked away, mumbling about getting the next batch. He shoved the books onto a random shelf, the rush of blood in his ears deafening him, and he yanked the next book off the shelf, licking his lips anxiously.
“But you two. Half those trials you went through weren’t even my doing! You created your own problems simply by dodging my narrative. At first, sure, it was exciting. But when it mattered to the story, I never got the ending I wanted. You two fought not only me, but yourselves every step of the way. Why can’t you just do what you are supposed to do? Why is this the world where all my characters fight so hard against what I want?”
They got a motel instead of napping in the car. They shuffled into the room, the twin queens taking up most of the space. Dean chose the bed closest to the door, and Castiel pulled his trench coat off, followed by the suit jacket. He caught Dean staring, gripping the back of the chair at the dinette table. He looked nervous. Almost as if he was expecting something to happen but terrified of it.
Jack though, he sniffled, and Dean looked at the kid, remembering that look on his own face when Bobby had died. Jack looked so small, numb to everything and yet being forced to stand up and care. Jack raised his red-rimmed eyes, shining in the garage lights, "But, what if the Empty won't-"
Dean swallowed down the pain, hating how he was becoming such a pro at it.
It was Dean's turn to not talk for a while, focusing on something other than the fact Cass was gone—as was the whole fucking world apparently. He thought about it, really thought about what it was he was realizing.
Dean took stock of the god, emotion threatening to undo everything as it welled within his chest. With a deep breath, Dean dropped to his knees, something he hadn’t done for angels, demons or God himself. Feeling lost, he closed his eyes, throat working, and his voice croaked, sore from singing, till the words tumbled from his lips. “I… need your help. I need Cass… I need to rescue Castiel from the Empty, and I want to make a deal for your help to bring him back to life.” He looked to the god of the underworld, pulse racing.
They were getting nowhere and Dean narrowed his eyes, pushing himself up to his full height. “Everything is fine. Just drop it.”
Dean bobbed his head, lifting a hand to rub his eye because it suddenly was very itchy and not at all warm and damp. “I… uh… that’s amazing…” he whispered.
“Yeah, and it looks legit too.”
Dean blinked and snapped out of it, looking to his bag on the bed. “Uh, yeah, sure.” He rummaged through it and pulled out a little of everything he would need, even taking a second to smell the shirt only to rummage around to find another that passed his smell test. “Here.” He handed the clothes and his toiletries bag to him, jaw tight.
Castiel’s eyes opened, shivering as the Empty stood on his throat, holding him still.
“I’m starting to think there isn’t a way to kill God, let alone the minor gods; not really anyway. They all have resurrection myths that go hand-in-hand with any death we do read about.” Sam leaned back in his seat.
“Aw, sorry, bro. But not today. See, our Dad gave me a job, and you know what, I’m actually going to do it. He wiped this earth clean of humans and we’re both finally on the same page. So, I’m not going to let you get between me and Dad finally bonding with each other.” Lucifer said, pulling a fist back and punching Michael in the jaw. Michael stumbled toward Jack, catching himself against the table, wisps of golden light trailing away from the split lip and toward Jack.
Dean woke up to Sam’s prodding on the floor of the bunker. Not on his bedroom floor, the main living area's floor. Passed out amongst the bottles of beer, face cradles in the curve of the empty whiskey bottle he finished off at some point last night, Dean cracked an eye open and found himself half under the library table.
“I swore an oath. I won’t turn my back—”
Dean jerked his gun up and fired a shot into Lucifer’s shoulder, hitting Michael in the arm as the bullet exited. And that same light rose from both, as if drawn to Jack, and it curling into his chest.
“What the hell? Where did you go? Where have you been? I was worried, Dean. You couldn’t have even called me back?”
Nodding, Dean closed his eyes again with that revelation. He shoved himself away from the table and stood, focusing on not stumbling and covering it with a stretch and groan. He dragged his beer after him, tipping his head back and swallowing down the last of the dredges. “I’m gonna get a drink.” He left, rubbing an eye, doing everything in his power to not look at Sam or even Michael as he shuffled out of the room, making a beeline for the kitchen where the beer was, but more importantly, where he had hid a bottle of whiskey behind the bags of flour.
“Go.”
“I realize now what Chuck’s problem was; he tricked people into thinking there was free will, when really he controlled everything from behind a curtain. I don’t want to be that. I want to give humans every opportunity to make their own choices, and yet, humans need hope. They need what faith brings them, and they need to know that if they ask, they aren’t alone in the universe. Good things can happen.” He smiled, straightening up, and he looked to the angels all around them, invisible to the rest of the populace. “I want heaven and the angels to be what they should have been from the beginning. Warriors of God who protect the humans in their charge. The angels should never force obedience or loyalty, but they can bless humanity for their faith no matter how small. Humans deserve the right to make mistakes. It’s how they learn and grow, it’s how their divine sparks grow within them. They are miniature gods, after all. Therefore, it is an angel’s duty to love humanity and give them hope and inspiration through granting small blessings.”
“She said yes.”
The laugh that left him felt watery and unbelieving, and he stared at him, losing himself in the fact this was real, this wasn’t a dream. “Cass.” He whispered.
There was no way he would rush this.
Sam mixed the pancake batter a little faster than he should have. He knew if Dean were in his right mind he would be doing this, scolding him for taking all the air out of the batter, for not treating the home cooked meal as the sacred thing it was.
Oh, hell no.
Castiel considered him, the way his shirt was partially rucked up along his back where it had stuck to his still damp flesh, the way drops of water clung to his hair—a little bit of shampoo sat on the tip of his ear. Castiel stood, took the towel Dean held clenched in his hands. Castiel gently wiped the shampoo away, and dried Dean's hair with efficient scrubs across his scalp, then he eased his shirt down in the back, and he felt Dean stare the entire time.
“Of course.” Jack shuffled to the fridge and took the carton of strawberries in hand, when he paused, standing extremely still, before he reached back inside and pulled out an egg.
“He has no right. We had a deal. God swore…”
Michael’s lips curled, his look softening into something similar to what Castiel would give him; and it somehow comforted him to know he did have another member to add to his family.
“Stop it!” Chuck shouted, desperate, whiny.
Jack sat in the hallway, listening to Dean cry. He gripped his knees tight, his chest welled with emotions that he didn’t like the feeling of. It felt like a damp blanket wrapping around his windpipe and trying to strangle him by pulling his lungs out of his chest through his back. The feeling was ugly, unwanted, and he just didn’t want to feel this way.
“This is a good thing.” Jack looked to his uncle and back to Sam, and Dean watched Michael’s small nod.
“Nick?” Sam supplied the name, already kneeling down, gun aimed and ready at the weeping man, reaching for his arm, preparing to lock it behind his back.
“I… didn’t…” he ground out through clenched teeth.
Dean basked in it. He swallowed, eyes dropping…
“You touched a divine spark?” Sam raised a brow.
Jack wandered into the kitchen, drawn to the smell of the bacon he had cooking in the oven—because it was healthier than frying it in its own grease, thank you very much. “Hello, Sam.” Jack smiled at him, watching him work.
“Yes.”
Dean felt something well up inside him, nearly suffocating him with the emotion, with the physical cresting feeling of an orgasm barreling down on him. Cass clawed at his back, hips bucking, his voice crying out the higher he climbed, and Dean could do nothing but wrap him up in a death grip, clamping a hand down on his shoulder, the other grabbing a handful of ass and jerking him down against him.
Dean dug through his bag to find his own sleep clothes and disappeared, his shoulder brushing his.
Well, shit. Seriously?
Jack carefully set the eggshell aside, cradling the chick, pulling it close to his chest near his heart, his smile growing the longer he looked at the chick. Turning his gaze to Sam, Jack’s face cracked into a grin, huge and magnificent, beaming the way a child might on Christmas. “She’s so small.” His voice cooed.
"Maybe like, 70/30? Or, 80/20...." the words clawed their way out of his throat.
The glare intensified.
It didn’t feel so weird or mortifying to kiss Cass on the cheek as a ‘welcome home’ in front of his brother. The smile Cass gave him was worth it, and the smirk Sam gave him… somehow, it was also worth it.
“I’ll do that. Thank you.” Castiel reached for his hand, and Dean was beginning to find those long fingers more than a little alluring.
Dean couldn't imagine having an apple-pie life. He had tried it. He had enjoyed it, but it had never quite fit; he hadn’t quite fit into that life no matter how much he had wanted it. Even while living it, it remained just that, a dream. He could definitely imagine it for Sammy—mortgage, wife, kids running around in the backyard, a fucking dog sitting on the sofa no matter how many times Eileen told it to get down. But never for himself.
sigh. So to be EXTREMELY transparent, from Chapter 2 on, this is essentially a first draft that I'm BLASTING OUT as fast as possible before the series Finale on 11/19 (OMG I'm so screwed), and because this is a first draft, this is NOT up to my normal standard of quality. I have a tendency to ramble so this is sooooo much longer than I would normally make it, so forgive me in that regard.
Exhaling, long and slow, Dean Winchester closed his eyes, lips parting, and the words rang smooth and clear.
They shared pie and coffee; then ordered another pie because one piece is never enough.
He didn’t have to wait long. Dean was out of the shower in less than three minutes, his eyes locking on him then darting around the room before looking back to him.
The Empty latched onto his arm, yanking him backward, and Castiel grunted, struggling, fighting the Empty, reaching for the soul above him, hand outstretched and wings flapping hard to keep him at Dean’s side. For even in death, Castiel could never leave Dean Winchester’s side.
“Sam, Dean?” Jack tilted his head, gazing up at them with so much earnest need that Dean knew he was going to miss that face. “I’ll never be far away. I’ll always listen when you pray, even if I don’t always answer.”
“Welp, no use crying over spilled Cass.” Gabriel threw his arm around Michael’s shoulders, leaning in and smacking a kiss against his brother’s cheek. “And I take it back, big bro. You aren’t nearly as big of a prick as I remember!” he grinned, lopsided and pleased with himself.
“I like this.” Cass whispered, trailing the tip of his nose up the side of Dean’s chin.
Dean pushed himself up, head spinning from blood loss and probably a concussion. He nodded to Jack, a half smile touching his face, and Dean focused back on Chuck, meeting his eyes, watching God himself tremble before them. He felt Sammy grab his elbow to keep him from swaying and Dean stood tall with his brother, a smirk crawling over his face. “Because, we’re Team Free Will, you stupid son of a bitch.”
“So, you can…” Dean eyed the chick, waving his hand in the air to indicate through flailing hand movements the complexities of Jack having the power to create life.
“I would like that very much. Thank you.”
“Then I’m willing to pay the price.” Dean said and turned, striding through the door.
“Is this a date?”
His grip tightened on his bag, eyes closing, heart pounding, and he opened his mouth. The first few words shook off his tongue, small and trembling things that didn't sound like the man who fought for his freedom nearly half his life. He paused, cleared his throat, struggling against the words as they began to flow; and he winced, stopping, bowing his head, face hot with embarrassment. He felt the words, felt them thrumming in his veins, pushing to escape. He felt the words burn themselves into his soul, because this moment was just another fight for his life. If he couldn't do this, alone in a barn where they first met, he deserved to sit alone in a car for the rest of his life.
Maybe?
“We deserve to make our own choices just like everyone else.”
Jack nodded, inhaling deep and sharp, his chest puffing out before he nodded, quick and precise and reminding him so much of Castiel. “Okay. Let’s go.”
Castiel glared at him in such a way that stated in no uncertain terms he was done with his shit.
Remembering the explanation Adam gave him about emotions, he considered what he was feeling and realized it was guilt and worry. "Nowhere." he said.
“You don’t get it!” Chuck screamed, “I never once controlled how you reacted to the conflicts I put in your path. You have always surprised me, time and again with defying the narrative because of your choices. It’s so frustrating knowing a hundred other versions of Sam and Dean eventually made the same ultimate choice and did what they were destined to do. But you two? You two always went the opposite direction, deciding to zag when every other version zigged. You forced your own story on yourself. Half those trials?”
He knew without a doubt, in that very moment, as much as it sucked to lose the others (and he would grieve in his own time for them), he hated himself for knowing without a doubt, he would survive without them.
They settled in, falling into old rhythms, except Dean followed Cass from room to room or kept an eye on him at all times, his heart skipping for the minute or three when he did leave the room. They cooked dinner and this time he made enough for two and not just himself. They discussed what had happened during the fight with Chuck, learning from Castiel’s point of view what happened from within the Empty, how the angels had awakened long before Michael arrived, how the Empty had held onto him and refused to let him leave. Dean leaned in close, whiskey glass in hand, fascinated, and he in return explained about Daphne and what little he did understand about what Jack had done. The smile on Cass’ face said it all; he was proud of the kid, but missed him.
Jack shrugged, brow furrowed, looking a little lost as to what exactly he did and yet understanding in a way that words could never adequately explain. Jack tilted his head, watching the chick break through another portion of its shell, its head now poking out, feathers wet and slicked down. Sam watched a small smile curl Jack’s lips, love growing in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ten minutes passed, then twenty, and nothing. The world just seemed to circle in on itself, endlessly looping back. The door behind him never seemed to grow smaller, and Dean  drew to a stop, anger welling up. This was a joke. He knew he shouldn’t have trusted Hades. All gods were dicks out to toy with mortals, determined to play with them like poseable action figures. Dropping his head and rubbing his brow, trying so hard to calm himself, to think this through, Dean stared down into the water around him, and saw  flickers of light.
“Honestly, kid, in all my eons of life, in all my great and perfect knowledge of my Father, I have never felt this emotion toward him till this year. Disappointment. My father has disappointed me in his treatment of what he once considered his most beloved of creations.” Michael paused, setting the book aside, intertwining his fingers between his knees. “My father told me once, this,” he waved his hand around them, “was his most perfect creation. This world, these humans. He saw them for the imperfect beings they were and he still said to me there was good in them, even when they did wrong, they were still perfect in his eyes. Humans were so different from me and my brothers and sisters, because they didn’t have to obey. They could ignore even the all-mighty Lord if they made the choice to do so. It’s how the first demons were created, after all. Choices. Those humans made choices and they fell, lost forever to the pit. Yet, others made choices that weren’t in accordance to my Father’s Will, but were still good and decent men and women, and God so loved them, he still would raise them up to heaven so they could bask in paradise.”
Dean snorted at him, his mouth twisting up into a smirk. Castiel returned the smirk, but winced as his cheek twinged in pain. Dean popped the trunk and they threw their gear inside, Castiel glancing over his shoulder to keep an eye out for unexpected guests.
Hades met his eyes, his arms wrapping around his wife as she moved his arms aside and perched herself upon his knee as if she did this everyday of her life. “He is an angel. What you ask, it will cost him. Are you willing to risk what he will lose?”
Dean inhaled sharply and pulled back, his thumb twitching against his cheek and Castiel flinched against the sharp pain.
But it was seeing the hint of ease in Dean’s shoulders when he looked at him the next morning, the way he didn’t seem as terrified he would disappear at any moment that made Castiel take his hand as he drove them home. He held his hand, listening to his cassette tapes, humming along because he knew which songs were Dean’s favorites, and he didn’t feel as silly as he thought he would when he slouched in the seat when he felt drowsy, only to have Dean tug him closer and allow him to use his shoulder to doze.
“You have to understand, Jack was born from a divine creation and from celestial infinity. Jack was born of the Light and that makes him more special than any of you have ever attempted to understand.”
Michael stared at his hands between his knees, his thumb tapping the book. “I don’t know, kid. That is one thing that is very hard for angels to understand. We have perfect knowledge of what happened. Some of the older angels, like myself, we were there as our Father created the world. We watched him smash rocks together in the ether of space, watched fire and ice coat that spinning rock as it hurdled through space, and we watched as our Father touched it, creating life. It’s a simple answer, but humans, they always ask questions, wanting to know every detail. A simple answer is never enough. Humanity always ask ‘how?’ and ‘why?’ It’s a frustrating truth about humanity.”
Dean felt Jack twist out of his arms, and he heard a soft cheeping coming from his breast pocket. “Shit, Jack…”
Jack smiled, then jumped, “Oh, Daphne!” he pulled his pocket open and peeked inside, drawing the little chick out. She trembled and cheeped one or twice, and Jack cooed to her, stroking her head and back, his shoulders relaxing as she shook herself and her little cheeps starting up like a squeaky toy, as if having just survived a God Battle Royal was not nearly as impressive as getting her next meal. Jack hummed to her, satisfied she was alright. His smile fell, looking small an sad, but resolved. He slipped Daphne back into his pocket, he gazed up at Sam and Dean, looking a little too young to be God. “We should go. I think I know how to reverse what Chuck did.”
“Except we aren’t characters, Chuck. We’re human.” Sam said.
Dean took a deep breath and focused on his family, holding to the fact he had just to wait a little longer before everyone would once again be present.
Dean grunted and took a moment to stretch after exiting the car, his butt numb after so many hours behind the wheel. He was used to it, sure, but damnit, it seemed like it was getting harder and harder to do after hitting the other side of forty. He drove to Eileen’s house, figured he’d get it over with and tell Sam what happened before they got to go home and sleep in their own beds.
I was not expecting such overwhelming love I got for Eternal. Thank you so much. So in thanks, here's a crappy second continuation to re-write 19 the way I was actually expecting it to end; because nothing says "thank you for all your love and support!" like deciding I need to kill myself and write three chapters in four days while working a full-time job, and posting first drafts that suck balls. Love you all! Thank you for all the kudos and reviews! This fandom seriously is the best.
Sam rolled his eyes, and Dean continued to practically cackle in laugher, wiping at his eyes.
The egg cracked.
"And?" Dean holstered his gun, waiting.
Dean looked away, his face feeling hot, his neck feeling hot, his head feeling dizzy and like everything was so messed up. He snorted, as close to a laugh as he was ever going to get right now. He rubbed his scratchy eyes. "I... I feel like...." Man, this was hard for some reason. He cleared his throat, struggling a little to just say what he was feeling. "I'm straight, okay? But, like, maybe like, 20% of me... I, maybe I do-" he waved his hand in the air, inhaling shakily. "I don't know, man." He hid his face, chickening out.
"Don't leave me human!" Lucifer wailed, clawing at his arms.
“Why won’t you stay asleep?” The Empty hissed, fists shaking, eyes wide and wild, still dressed in the body of Meg. “Why won’t anyone stay asleep?” the Empty choked on the question, face twisted, hands pressing against its ears, and it jerked its head to the side, nearly bending backwards from the movement.
"I... back... with Jes... I was... I was ready to propose." Sam said, inhaling shakily, and Dean watched his brother's face crumple, "I was thinking about asking Eileen-" and he couldn't finish, falling forward, hands in his hair, and tears dripping off his nose.
Cass was suddenly just there—for a human, he sure moved quiet—and Dean watched as Cass settled his hand over Sam’s, his mouth turned down into a frown, head tilted. “It was no deal. His soul is safe, Sam. Hades’ arrangement was very simple and—”
This was it. The end of the world, and he was helpless to even die with the rest.
Shouldering his bag, Dean inhaled slow and even, lit a match, and dropped it in the center.
Michael tilted his head, lips thinning for a moment, his brows furrowed, eyes distant in his own mind. “Humans, they grow. Change. They can become something new if they so have the desire. Back then, I found humans strange creatures. I pitied them at first—no perfect knowledge of our Father, their Lord, weak, emotional creatures. But, even back then, watching them huddle around a campfire in caves, freezing because they had yet to teach themselves how to build shelters or construct proper coverings, I saw something that surprised me so deeply it shook the foundations of my knowledge. They smiled. They wrapped each other in hugs, sharing their warmth, telling stories and singing around those little fires as they passed around their meager food rations, and it was as if I watched miniature gods blossom before me. I finally understood what my Father had been trying to tell me and the other angels."
Jack sniffled, looking so small as he looked to Dean, "But, what if the Empty won't-"
His hips bucked upward, and a moan burst from Cass, the angel gripped the back of his hair and tugged, and Dean's hand grabbed his ass, jerking his hips against him and he ground up into him. Cass threw his head back, panting, scraping his nails across the back of his scalp, and Dean opened his eyes, watching Cass bask in the pleasure. He dipped his head and latched onto Cass’ collarbone, sucking a bruise against the racing beat of his heart.
"He took Adam." Michael's voice actually cracked, brows drawn up, eyes lost. There may not have been tears in his eyes, but damn, Dean knew that look. He saw it in the mirror every morning.
The next thing Dean really comprehended after Cass fell into bed and Dean crawled after him, kissing up his neck and nibbling on his ear, was his hand up Cass' shirt, their legs tangled and pressing just right against each other, and the sharp tug on his hair that jerked him out of his little lust haze. He broke the kiss and pushed himself up on his elbows, gazing down at a flushed and very aroused Castiel. Blue eyes blown dark, lips kiss plumped, and hair a complete disaster. But it was the way he arched his back and rolled his hips up along his thigh, feeling every inch of hard flesh that made him almost aware for the first time he was also hard, and he was also pressing against the thigh between his legs that was pushing back against his balls just right....
And he knew the second the words left his mouth he had just walked right into whatever Sam was ready to launch at him, a smirk already on his face and a glimmer in his eyes. A look that said it was his turn to finally annoy the piss out of him. “Yeah he is. Hunting with him all weekend, hanging out, alone, all week.” Sam cajoled, wagging his brows, and in all his enjoyment at teasing him, Dean barked out a laugh, because what the hell was that? That was the worst teasing ever.
“No, I’m not.” Castiel husked, slowing as he stared up at the brilliant soul he would recognize anywhere hovering above him like a sun in the darkness. “I swore myself to Dean Winchester long before I ever knew you.” And he smiled as that soul flared with light, a ripple expanding around Dean’s soul, reaching for him, whispering to him, and Castiel felt Dean Wincher’s touch upon his grace.
~Melissa the Damgel
Gabrial grinned, wrapping his arm around Jack’s shoulders and tugging the kid against his side. “Cool idea, kid, but not everyone is suited to grunt work.”
“Whose side are you on?” Dean snapped, that familiar anger welling up inside his chest.
Chuck shook his head, teeth grinding, stalking forward, and Dean tensed, preparing for the next blow. It came, fast and hard and he spun, falling on his bad leg and crying out, feeling the bone pierce flesh and snag against his jeans.
Castiel turned his head, emotion welling up inside. He knew that voice. He would never forget that gruff voice that rumbled his name with affection during good times, and whispered it during the best.
“If you hated us so damn much, then why not leave us alone?” Dean ground the words out as if his throat were made of barbed wire. He pushed himself to his feet and confronted Chuck, meeting his eyes.
Dean grunted, sitting up a little more, his pulse kicking up, deafening him, shocking him into an abrupt fear of what just happened, what had been happening, and what might happen.
Dean choked on his next sob.
Michael focused back on them, blinking a few times to catch himself back up. "My Father has..."
OH, as far as Daphne.... DUDES, Jack needs a pet. It seemed fitting. Also, this idea of this kid who became the new God holding his pet chicken under his arm as he walks up to people, smiles with that adorable hand raise, while this mother-lovin' chicken is under his arm right before he performs a miracle.... yep. I was extremely pleased with myself. Daphne is love.
He stepped out of the hole in the ground, his legs turning to mush in an instant. He stumbled, forcing himself to keep walking, to get as far away from the portal as possible. He threw the doors of the barn open, gasping in a breath of air, the fading sunset on his skin; and his legs collapsed.
“Can I stay in the bunker this time? I don’t want to work in a convenience store again.”
But he couldn't deny that those few times he had run into a guy that he had thought was good-looking, he’d get a little... well... silly. He tended to get a little twittery around them, hanging on their every word, chumming it up with them, leaning in close—
“Bed?” he offered, his chest tightening, stomach fluttering, anticipation welling up--of what, he wasn't certain. He just knew the prospect of seeing Dean Winchester lying in bed made him hopeful.
“Except open the door.” Persephone said.
More pops and rumbles, the Empty dropped him, coving its ears and stumbled backward.
“I’ll… uh… I’ll definitely think about it. Thanks, Sammy.”
“Why not?” He grinned.
Michael tilted his head, considering the question, and nodded, “I suppose they could have.”
“All right.” He nodded, a simple up and down motion, but he didn’t move and neither did Dean. If anything, Dean looked as if he didn’t want to leave; almost like he was afraid of going into the building.
Dean Winchester sang till the ground split open before him and sank down into the bowels of the earth.
“Jack?” Dean demanded, looking around, sweeping the area, then back to Jack.
“It’s fine, Dean. It’s just a bruise. You gripped me tight when you pulled me from the Empty.”
"Dean, I think I've known he's been in love with you for the last nine years."
Michael glanced over his shoulder, slipping out of the bunker's only entrance. He jerked to a stop, Dean Winchester standing in his path.
“Stay close. Follow me.” And Dean closed his eyes, turned around, and walked away.
And in that moment, Dean felt like he could feel the Universe tremble in fear at the very idea of Dean Winchester on a mission.
Dean closed his eyes, breathing slow and deep.
Dean smiled, feeling Cass’ foot tease along his ankle, and he dropped his gaze to Cass’ lips then back to his eyes and shrugged, “Figured it was about time.”
“What…” Chuck sat up, staring at his hands, face slack, mouth open. His head jerked up and Dean saw Jack rise, smooth and even, looking so young but powerful with his straight back and soft face. It took Chuck a moment, but his scream made the sky crack open and lightning rain down. “What have you done to me?”
“I’ve got nothing.” Dean shoved the books aside and leaned back in his chair, hands over his face and groaning. Three days. Three days of scouring every lore, every mythos, every creation myth and end-of-days account known to mankind. Gods died in mythology all the time, but other than other gods chopping bodies apart to kill their brothers, the only account Dean had run across that seemed mundane was when Loki used mistletoe to kill Baldur. Makes him wonder what Baldur did to Gabriel to make him hate the dude so much. Let alone, Baldur didn’t stay dead seeing as how he met the poor bastard before Lucifer impaled him.
The man glared and Michael held his ground, observing the range of emotions flickering across the shine of his eyes. The archangel may never fully understand human emotion, but Adam had taught him in their long years together, that the reasons humans were so volatile was the ability to experience more than one emotion at a time. Dean Winchester certainly embodied that truth, but as he stamped the emotions down, throat bobbing, he also proved that humans could drown in those same emotions and lie about it. “In my experience, love just gets people killed.”
And the pair sat together, broken under an uncaring God’s final ending.
Michael shuffled in place, stepping away from the brothers, and he turned to face them, his back to Chuck.
Jack frowned at the latest mythos, tilting his head as he considered the divine twins creation myths from Proto-Indo-European lore. It was interesting how it did fit despite it being a brother-sister twin story with Chuck and Amara and not two male siblings. He turned the page, reading about the horse imagery that often accompanied such myths.
Jack frowned, brows furrowing, “I found several stories about the world starting from an egg.”
Dean didn’t let go.
Dean nodded, mind spinning. “No catch? He won’t die in a year? Ten years? He won’t be whisked away for his happiness?” he forced out.
Setting the book down in his lap, Jack frowned at the pages, his head mush and his emotions threadbare. He didn’t know what he could possibly do. The one thing he could have done, Sam had talked him out of it, and it resulted in him being useless once more. Powerless, unskilled…
Dean’s stomach knotted, his heart jumping and he felt as if he might trip, he might fall to his knees before he ever left the entrance to the underworld. He was afraid he may exit and turn too quickly before Cass was free.
"We can win. But you have to trust me."
"I feel like I'm cursed." he husked out, voice sounding wet and ready to crack open like a dam.
He roared again, rearing back, pulling with everything he had and then asked of himself for more. Tears slid down his cheeks as he fought, and he prayed. He prayed to the only being who ever believed in him, the only person who had been there for him at his darkest and lowest no matter the words shouted in rage, and he prayed to the only man who had always returned to him no matter what.
Sam gave him bitch-face number twelve. Dean ignored him.
He tightened his grip on the wheel, forcing himself to slow the Impala down because he wasn’t willing to risk an accident while angry. “I just thought—”
“If you and Cass are happy here, I’m happy for you. But, Eileen and me, we got this idea, that the house in town, we could sell it and find some land—still close enough to be in the suburbs, but with enough space between us and the neighbors that… if you and Cass wanted, we could,” Sam shifted, brows knotting together, “we could build a little house out on our land that would be just yours… and Cass’.”
“Jack!” Michael snarled. “Take back your power.”
Sam sighed, shaking his head, “Dean, that’s for pagan gods. This is… like… God-god.”
Dean didn’t give a rat’s ass about the mess. He nodded at his brother, his hands shaking from lack of alcohol. Sam refused to let him drink after he woke up from sobbing like a child the night before.
“Dean.”
They ended up piled on the couch, watching Scooby-Doo with Daphne cradled against Jack’s chest. The little chick had grown in just the past month; all gangly legs and her neck looking like it was too long for her body, and her fluffy yellow down slowly being replaced with mottled red and white feathers. She clucked now and then, nestled in Jack’s arms. Dean chanced a glance down at his little family when their talking subsided; Jack sat between them, leaning into Castiel where he had fallen asleep against his chest, and in return, Cass was slumped into Dean’s shoulder, eyes closed and a small snore rumbling from his chest.
Chuck stopped and turned quickly, backhanding the approaching Jack. “Wait your turn! I’ll get to you soon enough.” His scowl coiled his face into something dark and twisted.
Fingers tugged on his hair, forcing his head back, forcing him to look up into blue eyes dark from orgasm. Castiel kissed the side of his mouth, his nose, his hands smoothing away the sweat on his brow, and Dean shivered. God, he loved this man.
Michael snorted, mouth twisting up in that half grin. “Get it now, kid?”
Dean never thought this would be part of his ending. He just never thought about the 'what if' scenario. This situation could have been some drinking game he and Sam played after too much whiskey and good burgers. But never reality. This wasn't supposed to be who was left standing—and who wasn't left.
"Dean Winchester, my Father has killed everyone I have ever known or cared for. Perhaps my sense of family is different from yours, but my Father has decimated all the good he ever created. Jack, he is something God has no power over, but only if you can trust me."
“Why won’t you stay asleep?” The Empty moaned and turned, waving its hand at the group, growling in frustration when only a handful of the angels dropped, just for more pops of reawakening lights to drop around them like falling leaves.
But Dean remembered all to clearly how easily Lucifer had destroyed the gods in that hotel. If that was just an archangel, Chuck probably made them disappear with just a snap of his fingers already.
Dean only slowed when he couldn’t feel the breath of the dog’s nasty breath move the hair on the back of his neck.
“Do we have blueberries?”
“Well, home sweet home; if mom owned a diner.” Dean told him, pulling the car into a parking spot of a Home Style Cooking diner. It was small, it had flannel drapes in the windows, and it advertised they had pie. Cass looked up at the building, leaning forward to try and see the roof, because that's what he's seen other humans do, and concern with checking the structural soundness of the roof seemed practical.
Michael. It was goddamn Michael the archangel.
"Dean..." Cass whispered, a soft mewl to his voice, his hips rocking against his, rubbing and thrusting down, sending sparks of pleasure through them both.
Jack frowned, studying his uncle. His brows curled ever so slightly, thinking, remembering walking into that shop, studying the rocks and gemstones and seeing the spark of the divine in every one of them, and suddenly realizing that everything he looked at held that same spark. Rocks, trees, the water he drank, even the Impala held the divine inside the metal and chrome. He could almost feel the world hum with that power all around him, listening to it like a song on the wind.
“Oh, you thought I was going to help you?” Lucifer winced, sucking in air through his teeth, “Yeah, sorry bucko. All in this for myself. Daddy-dearest says I’m his favorite now. So, I’m just going to take this…” He pulled the now open Death Book for God close to his chest. "and skedaddle."
The idea of pushing Cass to the bed--unclothed, hard--it unsettled something deep in his core that recoiled at the idea, even if his dick did stir at the image. There was just too much baggage. Too much ingrained enforced-machoism to unpack and dig through to really know whatever the hell this was right now. It was too much. He gasped for a breath, overwhelmed and struggling to just understand what he felt. He didn't want Cass dead, but he didn't know yet if hitting his knees for the guy was something he wanted either. He just wanted Cass there, all the time. His companion till the end. Maybe the idea of kissing wasn't so bad....
“Hell…” Dean finished.
The Empty cried out, reaching for them, black oily tendrils wrapping around several angels, pulling them back toward it, putting them to sleep, just to have those popcorn pops of light awaken them immediately as the Empty itself trembled from God’s cry. For every angel the Empty claimed, another hundred escaped. At the rift’s opening stood Michael, barking orders, pushing angels through, and when the last Angel stepped through, Michael looked back to him, head held high, and he nodded. “He’s amazing, brother, thanks to you.” Castiel returned the gesture, a form of pride welling up in his chest.
“The Empty held on too tightly to him.” Michael said, rising to stand at Jack’s side.
“No. It is Lucifer. Powerless. Mortal.” Michael's grip tightened on the archangel blade.
With so few allies—or living beings anywhere—Dean swallowed the hatchet and agreed to take the angel home with them. For a split second on the drive home with Jack in the backseat and Michael at his side, he could pretend it was Cass. For a split second, he could pretend everything was all right. Then the second ended and Dean turned the speakers up, gripped the wheel tight, and drove a little faster to outrun reality.
"Cass.." he hated how his voice sounded so small and scared.
“Blasphemy!” Dean barked, and Jack smiled, Sam bitch-faced, and Daphne chirped.
“Uncle Michael!”
“I will never ask more than you are willing to give, Dean. But you are getting in your own way because you are over-thinking. I for one want a little more of this with you." His voice dipped, dark and hungry, and Dean shivered, "I really like how this feels, and I think you do too." Cass’ voice was all whiskey and chocolate, dragging his lust back up to the surface, stroking it just right in the same way his hips rocked down against him and ground against his flagging erection. Dean grunted, and Cass pulled him right back into another kiss that left his head spinning.
He choked on the beer and it dribbled down his chin, his body going stark cold and the frantic desire to deny, deny, deny, and then storm off was screaming in his head. He swallowed hard, feeling the blood drain from his face, heart hammering. Though he may have said something months ago during the final days of Chuck, Dean hadn’t said anything more to Sammy about any of it. The idea of his brother catching him and Cass kissing…
ALSO... the singing. Orpheus sang his grief after Eurydice died and thus Hade's allowed him the chance to bring her back to life so long as he never looked back... and since Jensen Ackles has an amazing voice, this idea that Dean loves bad karaoke because he can make people laugh seemed funny to me, and yet Dean being able to really sing? I love that he would hide that from the world. I didn't pick any particular songs for him to sing because I wanted anyone to be able to have him singing their favorite love songs..... but Lord Huron's "Night We Met" definitely was playing in my mind as I wrote it.
He just wanted this to end.
Dean nodded, stilted, the pulse in his throat fluttering. Castiel wanted to reach up and touch it. Maybe even taste it. He wondered at that thought.
Dean leveled a look on the kid, fists at his sides. "I've gone to Hell, Purgatory, and Reno and back, all with Cass, and by God, if I have to go to the Empty to drag his ass out, I will do it and we'll leave together, because there is nothing in this universe that can stop me."
“Because nothing ever really ends, does it?” Jack whispered, studying Lucifer sitting as still as a statue on his bed, with Michael’s hand settling on his shoulder with a gentle squeeze.
Jack closed his eyes and raised his hand, focusing, thinking, and then snapped his fingers.
He kissed him, humming against his mouth, and Dean grunted against him, his tongue dipping into his mouth, and Cass trembled. Dean leaned into him, the kiss more aggressive, drawing noises out of Castiel he didn’t know were there, his body feeling warm and needy. He arched against him, wrapping an arm about his shoulders, hips thrusting—
“So, I’m starting to think this isn’t big enough. Hopefully you won’t care too much and decide I’m a really great guy for giving you this.” The zipper on his bag growled open, and Cerberus’ hackles rose, it’s snouts wrinkling and drool dripping. Reaching inside, Dean pulled the dog bone out, hefting the femur like a club.
Sam twisted in his seat, looking back at Michael. “Not necessarily. Could these gods still be here? Could they have escaped Chuck’s ending?”
“But I like blueberries.” Jack frowned, brows furrowed as if honestly wondering where he had gone wrong.
Of all the shit going on that left him helpless, this, this he could hold onto and believe in.
“I know you’re still… trying to be okay with it.” Sam waved a hand in his direction. “But, I’m just happy you are happy. I can see it, ya know?” He met his eyes and Dean stiffened, wanting to look away, wanting to just fucking run out the door. But Sam’s gaze pinned him in place and he wasn’t sure even archangels would be able to drag him out of his seat. “You… laugh more. I was thinking about it last week, because even after that hunt a few weeks back, and Cass got hurt, and you were worried sick… he called you a ‘assbutt’ and it got you laughing so hard; and I know that’s what Cass intended by saying it in the first place.” He finally dropped his eyes and Dean jerked his head down, gulping in a breath of air because he hadn’t realized he was holding his breath.
Breathing deep, bolstering himself, Dean pushed onward, climbing back to the surface. Light trickled in around him at one point, a faint, white haze that grew. Moving air hit his face, and Dean could smell the paint fumes and lingering scent of the burnt liter fuel.
"Not like that--"
“I could still see its divine spark, so I… I touched it.”
Jack grunted and held his ground.
“No, but I think I have a job for you too.” Jack stepped back and looked first to Gabriel then to Michael, amusement in his eyes. “Uncle Michael, Uncle Gabriel? Will you travel with me when I leave to create new worlds? I think I have a few stories I want to start, and then watch to see how each new world expands it.”
Cas's fingers flew furiously over the keyboard. "Oh, yes!" he cheered. "They have it. Ok, shh, listen- this song is so beautiful. Her voice is so melancholy and pure, and she understands loneliness and longing and the temporary, transient nature of the human experience like no one else I've ever heard. It's spectacular."
He punched the pillow and flipped it, resting his cheek on the cooler side. He screwed his eyes up tight one last time before resigning himself to the facts- sleep wasn't coming any time soon. As he sat up, the blankets fell away and dropped to the mattress beside him. The chilly draft in his room buffeted him with little gusts of air and he braced himself, his shoulders hunching forward against the cold even as his skin drew up into little goosebumps, the hairs on his arms standing on end like soldiers in a row.
If he turned his head just a little to the right he'd be kissing the pad of Cas's thumb.
"Maybe?" Dean said, then narrowed his eyes and pointed at Cas accusingly. "This is a bribe."
"That he actually had feelings for Rowena. Still? I mean, at the same time as Eileen," he clarified. "Is that even possible? To love two people at the same time? I mean, sharing, that's basically just cheating, isn't it? It's not like they'd all be together. I don't get it at all." He shook his head. "He better not mess this up with Eileen."
He pauses, watching the colors dancing in the distance, and takes a breath to steady himself. "Gabriel used to say that humans were built out of the same stuff as stars, and when I look at you, I know it's true. You burned so bright. You still do. I-  it aches just to be near you. But as long as I’ve known you, I have never wanted to be anywhere else. I don’t, I-” he turns and meets Dean’s gaze. His eyes take Dean’s breath and freeze it in his chest. The look on Cas’s face is staggering, the weight of his expression hitting Dean like a sledgehammer to the gut. “I know I can’t have you, but I can’t regret loving you," he whispers.
"Of course."
And so mystery bathroom guest came running up to him, putting warm hands on his shoulders as he knelt down beside Dean, looking at him with concern in his blue, blue eyes, and not even deigning to act embarrassed about the whole thing, just asking in his perfect, sex-deep voice:
Sam looked like he had whiplash.
Then, finally,
Dean made the executive decision to extract his hand. Just do something normal afterwards- distract, distract, distract. Let him think it's nothing, that you're fine, and haven't been going absolutely batshit inside your head for the last three songs. He squeezed Cas's leg, gently- and damn, his fucking quads, what the
"Fine. Because of Dean?" Cas spat. "Maybe your brother isn't who you think he is anymore, Sam."
He pulled a large envelope out of his coat. "Our realtor won't be here for another fifteen minutes," he said. "I wanted to do this here. I talked to Charlie the day I found this house. I knew we'd need her help if we were actually going to be able to buy a house." He handed Dean several documents, and Dean's heart nearly stopped for the millionth time that day. That was a real- real looking, anyway- ID. With his real name printed on it,
The new God waved his hand dismissively at the title. “Castiel.”
at Dean, he smiles and it hurts to look at him and Dean can't imagine ever looking away because this feels bigger than Billie, bigger than Chuck even.
"Morning, guys," he said, sounding just a little grumpy.
"Get the fuck out of my house, John!" Grandpa growled. Dad jumped, puffing back up a bit in renewed anger, but he turned to go. "Don't you come back."
So he drank his coffee, and ate some toast, and got going- and tried to keep his insecurities quiet.
"You haven't tried this one yet, right?" Dean asked excitedly.
"Whoa, easy on the accusations," Dean said defensively. "You've got no right to come at me, about my choices and my life. You didn't even tell me you were going to propose to Eileen. How's that for omission?" He bared his teeth in a snarl. "Where's your moral high ground now, Sam?"
