When Dean begins to speak, his words come out fast, like he’s trying to edge Castiel out of the conversation, to keep him from replying until his piece has been said.
“Western omelet, wheat toast, please.” His voice is coffee-grinder low, a gravel that sounds like a cigarette bender with a laryngitis chaser. Robin notices, glancing at the coffee he's added milk to.
“You don't have to repeat the experience,” the god whispers, an earnest expression pulling his eyebrows tight. It's a good imitation, an approximation. Like the thing can actually feel. “All you have to do is love me, Dean. Give in to me. Pledge yourself to me.”
The reaching hand meets dry digits, grasps them and pulls himself onto the dock, splayed out for the human to see.
The first step outside is an accident. The wood of the deck is underfoot and he can't turn back now. It's painted white, the wood, though the sea air peels it off in plastic curls, the years and salt more than a match for the off-white shade, some of it sticking to his feet as he steps forward and then again, dreading the moment he steps down into the gravel-lined driveway. He's being led, really, a rope around his wrist and it's
he screams, a silent cry of need for the angel, jagged and bleeding with everything he feels for the angel, the strange being that wormed his way into Dean's heart so deeply that he the idea, the very thought of separation sends his stomach to his feet.
“It's ok,” he whispers, focused only on his angel, on the surge of confidence, adrenaline for the rush of a coming fight. “We're gonna win.”
Fragile life slipped through fingers that clawed hard, clinging with screaming desperation, but couldn’t hold on. Life is fragile. Life is the inevitability of death.
He's sucked their lives down like whiskey, taking the kick with a lifted chin, forgetting about the burn as he was filled, completed, elevated. He let it take him, let it weave its easy web and was folded under its spell, cast aside into a sleepy sort of peace he hadn't felt in millennia. It's an infinity of nothing, but he's too tired to care, stretched too thin to do anything but relax into the lull, the upswing of a hammock as it cradles weight he doesn't really have. He is the stuff of planets and cold space funneled into a clipped-wing vessel, but here it doesn't matter so much. Here is nowhere.
“It's real,” Castiel doesn't comment on the nickname, on the familiarity blooming between them, just like it had years ago. “You're alive.”
“Gabriel separated your brother's body and soul,” Cas says the words slowly, as if he can't quite believe it, either. “He had to. The addiction was killing him.” Dean nods at that, pressing his lips together until they turn white, bloodless. He turns back to his brother, who pays no mind, doesn't stir at all when Dean leans in.
drifted over him, like humans running their hands through one another's hair. Castiel was born into eternity, the rise of voices brimming into a crescendo of devotion and trust.
Dean now, the beauty of the creature that used to be human, the danger of him like a knife glinting in moonlight. He wonders, if he weren’t so far gone, would he find Dean disgusting? Because all he knows now is broad, muscled symmetry, a dusting of freckles across a high-bridged nose and eyes that shimmer like they’ve got stars buried in their depths, earth and sky merged into a spider web of beauty made to trap Castiel, to hold him hostage as those lips, full, soft, open and the danger behind them is revealed.
Castiel isn't using his voice anymore, reaches out with something else, something bigger and stronger that's like a balm to the hole inside, gentle hands on an aching back. Dean can't help it then, opens reflexively, a plant looking for light. And just like that, Castiel washes over him. It's the only way he can describe the indescribable. The world opens up in front of him, air and land and sky and he's connected to it all somehow, its plain beauty sending his senses into overdrive, the details too much to see in one view. But he doesn't want to blink doesn't want to miss a second of the
But he knows he's on the right track when he comes across a local zoning link, one with land deeds and building grants. He clicks on it, comes across two names that stand out about the very plot his uncle's hous—his house—sits upon. The first, and most recent, is his uncle's, along with the date of purchase: 1972. And the next is Dean Winchester, 1900. The thing in the lake is over 100 years old. Castiel's throat closes at the thought, but as much as his body can shiver and shake and let fear overtake it, his curiosity has been piqued. There is a mystery in front of him, right at his fingertips and it's calling, begging to be solved. He searches again, this time with the date and comes up with a link that looks promising, a back-dated archive piece from the small town paper.
Castiel stops when he reaches where their bodies would have been. Copper tangs its sick sweet melody in his nose, flashes of the past flickering behind his eyes. The splash behind him, quiet ripples hitting the shore, don't distract him from the past as it mixes with his own loss, a grip that crushes him, a cigarette still smoking under fingers snubbing it out. He sits, half on his folded legs, ignoring the discomfort of the sandpaper-faced rocks beneath. Eyes remain dry as he stares into the emptiness before him, a choking emptiness unfolding in his heart. It's too much, a sea to drown in and he can't—if he lets it devour him, there's no coming back. But that doesn't stop him from laying his cheek down to the ground, pressing it in hard, curling his fingers into the dirt, gravel slipping beneath his nails. He breathes. He breathes in and out and somewhere in between one moment and the next the deep cycle turns rough, sobs that he doesn't want to admit come from him.
“Don't you see?” Fingers under his chin, lifting. He avoids the god's eyes. “You can stop all this.”
Dean is too dizzy to acknowledge the words. He is spinning inside himself, unprotected by the blackness behind his eyes. The pace picks up, sending him on a roller coaster of ups and downs that turn his stomach, leaving bile hot in his throat.
“Hey,” he touches Sam's hand, lets it stay there for a second before shifting back, drawing his limbs in. “How you feeling?”
“Yeah,” he agrees. “First lesson: proper goodbyes.” The joke is wasted, mostly because he tells it to himself. His heart beats a little faster, pounding a little harder at his temples, at the tips of his fingers. He touches the pulsing digits to his face, absorbing the warmth Cas left behind.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles between lips that have forgotten how to hold polite conversation, the formation of words that aren’t barbed with wire and daggers.
in it, and though he pictures his elementary teacher, a rather rotund woman with teeth only an orthodontist could love, naked on a cold day, blood floods down through his waist, pooling low. He's split,
But Cas does nothing, makes no move to guide him to the bathroom, so he breathes deeply, ignoring the sting of bruised ribs.
“You won't say yes,” Dean whispers into hair that's bitter with the stench of demons and sweat, abrasive and too long near his nose but he just holds Sam, unable, unwilling to let go.
Dean breaks at those words. Shoulders slumped, caught by the creature he rocks forward, mouth open to scream though only winded gasps come out, the silence of desecration that can’t be voiced, of sorrow that goes too deep to be purged.
“In the apocalypse? In What your brothers want?” He jerks, tries to pry himself away, but he's held fast, still, and given an explanation.
“You've had a number done on you, huh, kid?” Regret like rain falling off eyelashes leaks into God's eyes. He shifts onto his knee, pulls Castiel's head down, fingers on the back of his neck, rubbing softly, and places a kiss on his forehead, between narrowed eyebrows. His lips are dry but warm and he remains for a few seconds, each lightening the ache of Castiel's body and soul.
“What are you doing?” The god asks, suddenly, the barest hint of unease back burning in his voice. Dean slits his eyes open, trying to focus double vision that turns the god into smears of tan white and black.
Sam opens his eyes fully, and sits up, latching onto Dean like a life raft. “I'm sorry,” he says into the fabric of Dean's shirt. He feels familiar, hugs with his entirety, the way he used to when he was young and Dean was the coolest older brother in the world.
He can still see the old man, spittle that collected in the corners of dry, cracked lips, the cold fingers as they brushed where his heart should be.
Bobby is walking. It's such a natural sight that Dean wonders if his memory has been tampered with, if he imagined the metal and wheels and rage of a man contained.
And that’s when he sees it. Or, him, really. Because there’s someone in the water, and he’s looking at Castiel.
He orders an omelet, toast (almost burnt, please,) and more coffee, words a little cold to discourage whatever contact she’s trying to initiate, searching his face for a way in, an open window to crawl through.
“Dean Winchester sent us,” a gruff voice comes from the other side, reedy and thin. “Ma'am, please open the door.”
Castiel opens his eyes for real to find the bleak crack of dawn staring back at him. He’s still half drunk, reeling with nausea and the too-real touch of a man who is long gone. The smell of semen jolts his already careening stomach and he stumbles to the bathroom, thankful he can even remember the location. His wretches are liquid at best; the last thing he ate he can’t remember and it isn’t coming up now. Minutes pass and his head remains in the bowl, salty shame and anger leaking from his eyes, splashing silently into the cold water too close to his face for comfort. He breathes a little easier after that, gets up and pulls his pants and boxers off, grimacing at the hardening residue left behind. When he climbs into a bed that isn’t his in a town he barely knows and drops off into fitful sleep, at the back of his mind he can’t help but wonder if it would be better if he didn't wake up at all.
He stops only once on the way back to the house, at a small grocery store where he buys enough to get him through the next week or so. Time spent in cigarettes and a cloud of thought-obscuring weed residue, whiskey a constant hum at the back of his throat. He won't overdue it again, though, stomach twisting and writhing like a snake inside, a fever pitch of guilt and disgust boiling in his blood, making him want to scrub and tear at his skin until it's clean, until it doesn't feel like he's splitting at the seams. The older man behind the register looks at him a beat too long when he hands over the cash and tells him to take care. Castiel gives a tight smile, the only kind his mouth remembers, and leaves.
His body starts moving before his mind catches up, streaking through the house until he’s at the front door, anger pulsing through him, pushing down his mind so heavily that he can barely work the lock, snapping it with such force that the tips of his nails crack, but pain doesn’t come. He leaves bloody fingerprints on the door as he leaves the house behind, the outside air cool on wet skin.
Closer, now. Lighter, warmer—he's swimming up through stormy waters that would hold him down if he let them. But determination drives him where strength begins to wane. There is no going back, only reaching forward. And he breaks through, fueled by the charge of excitement and craving held in Dean's voice, the human need to touch and connect on a physical level.
The attack continues, moves forward until he's on his back, staring up at Lucifer, who gloats down at him.
But like he says, he doesn't remember exactly what Castiel says or does that finally breaks the tenuous hold on his temper, that makes him lose his sight behind the thick red of anger that spills over the irises, obscuring everything but what he feels. Maybe it was a remark about the demon blood in Sam, the thinly veiled threat of his assassination that trips him over the edge, so quickly that he doesn't have time to scrabble for grip and just falls, blind and deaf and dumb in the face of the wind as it howls around him. Castiel has no social skills, he knows. But he
“Hey,” Dean's murmuring into his shoulder, uncertainty thick in his voice. Castiel leans back to look into his eyes and sees an edge of nervousness there, hedged in by awe.
Dean's staring at him, lips parted with surprise; the water shifts and he's treading water, too close to Castiel for comfort. The heat of his grace works its way past the copied vessel, reaches to be seen.
” He squats, fists the hair at the top of Dean's head, lifting it slightly before slamming it back down. “I don't know if you're brave, or just a complete moron.” He smirks. “Maybe both?”
“Why?” It’s chin is coated with Dean’s blood, slick on lips that are licked slowly, sensually. “Because I give up, Dean. Because I don’t care. Not anymore.” And with that, It stands stiffly, turns on Its heel and walks away from the lake, into the shadows that cling to It like a second skin.
“We're not on earth,” Cas says, preemptively shutting him up. He's also ahead of the game for next one. “It's just a quiet place I like to go.”
It's the weed and the coke and the alcohol that sit in his blood and keep everything an arm's length away. Chemicals that keeps his eyes glazed and his focus on the now, not the then or the what will be. But he's never hallucinated before. Not a person. Or a...thing. A mermaid? He turns the word over in his head but it doesn't feel right, doesn't fit the blush of fire that radiates through his stomach when he thinks of the creature. Dean.
now. Gabriel's hitting too close to the tender mark in his chest and Castiel wants him gone. “Your witness protection was working so well.”
He doesn't fall asleep. Angel's can't dream, can't rest the way humans do but maybe he goes into a trance because the next thing he knows is the soft, careful glide of a hand sifting through his feathers, straightening what he's been to apathetic to groom. It's like flying, like Dean's hands are mimicking wind as they move around him and support his weight. But it also pulls at something within, a deep ache that traps breath in his throat.
And he does, burying Dean entirely, but not before giving him control of his voice again so he can shout the angel's name over and over again between whimpers and pleas and shouts that he doesn't hear because he's so far gone, putty in Cas' hands.
“Oh,” Gabriel pipes up, a snap sounding from the corner. Dean looks back, sees the giant tub of popcorn that's appeared in the angel's lap and sighs, suffering him with only a fragment of the aggravation he used to invoke. “This is better than Days of Our Lives.” He stuffs his mouth with kernels, chewing loudly. “Don't the hot love scenes always follow the emotional ones?”
The man shakes his head, lip curling up at the thought, the voice of the dead that curls through his mind in the toast-dry tones of his lawyer as he read the last wishes of a relative who'd only bothered with Castiel after his death. His grip on the steering wheel tightens before he lets go entirely, slinging the duffel bag from the passenger seat over his arm as he gets out of the car, legs stiff. The air is heavy with salt, wet with humidity. It settles over him, reaching past his collar to stroke its fingers over his throat, down his shoulders to moisten the skin there so his shirt sticks, plastered to his lower back and chest.
He imagines the voice in his head licking its lips, wetting them for the pause that comes next, the beginning of an avalanche question that will pull him in a million different directions.
Silence is easier, anyway. Or it used to be. Now, each moment that passes is one wasted with sealed confessions, with pride and fear that stand in front of him, blocking his access to what he wants.
The eyes he peers through are glazed; Cas isn't blinking. He watches as the angel uses his hand, wraps it around his length. The echo of its twitch shimmers through him, amplified. He's sure the ground is shaking under him, can't comprehend anything outside the swirls of heat so intense he shivers in their wake, body, or soul, really, moving uncontrolled, sweeping over Cas' grace, begging for more contact, begging to lose his mind and forget everything for a minute or two. He doesn't notice when his body heads back to the bed, when Cas lays him down and continues to touch and stroke and tease until Dean is thoroughly lost in it all, looking down at the edge of precipice, one leap away from oblivion.
“If I fall, Dean,” the angel says, calmly, talking of being stripped of his grace like he would the nightly news, “I want to be around. I want to stay. And I need a body to do that.”
He nods once, lips twitching, throat working once before he winks lasciviously. “You want me inside you, Sam?” He receives three moans in harmony.
something fierce. When he turns, takes in the ever-present trench coat and sloppy tie, the image is overlaid with blood, sliding between Jimmy's teeth, past his lips and chin, out of a hole in his chest, coming together like a vibrant bloom against the white of his shirt.
and now everyone will get on their knees and show him their backs, their vulnerable shells and he'll
“Dean.” the god says, pressing close enough for his non-breath, lacking any scent at all, to brush across his lips, “This is a game you will lose.” Nothing there, a shark behind starlight-cast eyes, irises with a depth the being behind them no longer has. Dean clenches his hands, sticky with flaking blood, leather jacket adjusting quietly with each movement.
, and now that same water is dripping down his nose and cheeks and his chest is making the motions of breath, the up and down of life but everything’s too tight, and the quaking inside threatens collapse. He means to duck under the water, to swim back to where he belongs and curl up for the night, to chase away the memories, the ribbons that have begun to tie him to a time
They step in together, water spraying two naked men now, a blink-and-you-missed-it banishment of clothes that has Dean looking Cas'—Jimmy's—body up and down, taking in long muscles and sinewy limbs, the long lines of a swimmer. The light blush of hair here and there is unfamiliar, so like his own, and the feel of it under his fingers is alien, though he adjusts fast. Mostly because he starts touching without meaning to, rubbing thumbs in circles on the arms that hold him up, the nape of the neck as he's held under the water until his hair is plastered to his head. There's nothing he wants more than to shift forward an inch or so, to angle his wet lips onto the angel's, to show what he can't tell because it feels like it's going to burst out of him if he just keeps letting it go. But he holds himself back, the mantra of
“And I totally got you laid that first time, by the way,” Dean's eyes glint, thinking of the delicate girl with pale skin and hair and eyes like the bottom of the Mediterranean. “I heard about her in detention, some queen bee was trashing her, saying how into you she was. Why do you think I oh-so-subtly made you ask her to prom?” Ok, he'd threatened to tell the entire school that Sam kept a ruler by his bed and every morning when he woke up, he—
him. His legs swing over the side of the bed, straighten, and he's walked to the bureau in the corner of the room. He's standing in front of a mirror, staring at his own reflection.
It hurts, mostly because it's true. But what's worse would be letting the world slip into the devil's grasp, allowing him to infest Sam. If his brother dies fighting, he thinks he can live with it, knowing that he went out
“You're not supposed to want someone like me,” He says, the first true thing he can think of. It hurts, saying it, acknowledging it out loud, but it's how he feels, what he thinks every time he's intimate with Cas, every time he's not enveloped in the angel's forgiving grace.
“I trust you.” He tries what Cas does so easily, lets his senses fall away and just grasps at the tingle just above the angel's skin, the zing of power that's reached for him more times than he can count. His eye are open but go without seeing, focusing solely on making sure Cas knows he has no doubt, that he wants the angel to have what he refuses to give to Michael. Cas' eyes catch alight, the webs of blue and white shining unnaturally, glowing like he holds a candle within.
“Fine,” Dean snarls, turning on his heel. Broad back, narrow waist. The muscles there contract and relax as he walks away from Castiel, putting as much space between them as can be managed.
If he goes back inside hastily, there's no one there to judge him. Just a faint splash he doesn't hear over the pound of his heart in his ears, a fear he pins on the weed he hasn't smoked in years. He can laugh at himself when he's back inside, when the safety of walls are around him, doing their job, protecting him from the long-legged beasties of his nightmares. The ones he's had more of lately. The ones in slow motion he can't tear his eyes away from. The ones where—
Something white builds behind his eyes, an aurora of resplendence unmatched by any sunrise he's ever seen. It rises, flooding him until he thinks he might be burning, but with light, with
It's a voice and a touch and a presence he recognizes without ever having met it before. It's in and around him, a part of him speaking within the walls of his cells while whispering in his ear. It fills him like hot mead on a cold day, had he ever needed to be warmed. He's broken a cardinal rule by caring, by wanting and needing. He was an angel. Now he's a god of fire and ash, and it was all so he could keep the world from ending, from letting the bad guys burn it to the ground around him (around Dean).
The question doesn’t need to form, really, because a glance to his left reveals the easy answer. Dean.
“James is gone,” Cas says, carding fingers through Dean's hair, displacing droplets of water that glisten in the low light.
“I have killed my brothers, Dean. My hands have been warmed with their blood, my skin stung with the remnants of their grace.” His hands are on Dean's shoulders now and he's
, Dean thinks, as the grace pushes past, pushes further until it's inside and he feels like a Christmas tree that's just been plugged in. There's no way to be prepared for the way feels in him, the rush of buzzing serenity that fills him but doesn't clog his mind or induce false hope. No, everything is the same, but just a bit clearer, easier to look at.
He lifts his chin to that sky and sees nothing, an eternity, infinity of vacancy. The air is hot, makes sweat gleam on his skin but still he doesn't feel it, can't get around the emptiness left in him.
The angel's exploration continues, mouth tracing Dean's forehead, cheeks, down his chin, then neck, finding sweet spot along the way, the one that makes Dean tremble and emit some nonsense sound that only makes Cas taste harder, adding teeth to the mix. With hands that act of their own accord, Dean reaches between them, slicks deft fingers through wetted-down hair and then over secret skin, an organ he's pretty sure the angel's never used before. He curls around it, mimics its shape and strokes in ways he knows feels good and the fact that this is so new and odd is forgotten when Cas' head lolls back, mouth opening in a call not to god but to
“But you know someone that can,” he tries, unsure of whether a wild guess in the form of a bluff will fool the angel.
The motel soap dries his skin, leaves residue under his nails that he flicks away, little half-moons that stick to the shower curtain, resting a moment before sliding down, evaporating into nothing. He returns to a dark room, falls asleep quickly and screams himself awake a few hours later, sitting up, hands out, ready for a fight. Sam rolls over in his bed, snuffles something about how stare indecisis isn't actually relevant to the banana on the tractor before going silent, smiling in his sleep.
he corrects. There’s no way anyone could see that far—and the house is shaded. No. The person must just be checking to see if he’ll be caught.
that's all around him. The grace inside him reaches out, spreading thin to touch a bit of everything, the heat of the sun, the silk of the grass beneath and the heart that beats inside of him, a constant reminder of his second chance.
Dean knows that the sky above him is vast in ways he cannot know, so like most he calls it infinity and forgets about it. But not tonight. Tonight, while his brother screams and writhes and babbles words that make the lights of his cell flicker and spark, Dean Winchester looks up at the sky and wonders just how big it really is. He wants to know how much is out there, how alone he really is. People look at the stars and see familiar shapes, clusters that reflect deities or astrological signs. But they're just made-up patterns, used to make the unknowable that much more familiar. He wonders whose idea it was, stars, because they're a nice touch, little beacons of light that welcome, somehow.
There. In the dark space, almost too narrow for his hand to fit, is something. He squints, reaches for it and finds a piece of paper, folded into fourths. It's wilted, slightly yellow, but as he pulls it from its resting place it catches light and the flash of a watermark winks at him, clear as day.
Dean is swimming in the lake, the sun glossy on his back. Castiel watches him silently from the porch, admiring the smooth agility he possesses, the easy way the water cups and supports him. He stretches out on his back, bobbing slowly like breaths, in and out, with the tide of the lake.
“It’s been over a year,” he hears, a frown pressed to his hip before pulling back to let teeth mark a half-moon there. “You don’t have to be alone.”
It isn't until much, much later after they've held each other physically and spiritually, shared ecstasy and time-stopping pleasure so intense Dean isn't sure how he's in one piece, that he groans and sits up.
and he’s reaching out, hand on Castiel’s cheek now, thumb rubbing the skin, a gesture so comforting, so warm familiar
When he winces, God lets go of his shoulder and comes to sit in front of him, staring deep into his eyes.
Now, though. Now he is surrounded by the echoes of the supernatural, hunger and desire rooted in the darkest of places, high-pitched wails calling out for
His neck pulses warm, agitated by the motion of his head. The ache is dull, though, a stretch like half-healed wounds. An itch, not a pain. His body is heavy with the cautionary throb of a just-cooled fever, somewhere between lethargy and the shakiness of an immune system in overdrive.
instinct that's thick and insistent), but as they turn and twine, learning the angles and needs of the other, an image flashes through his mind. Dean. Bloody, beaten. All by his hand. By his doing. He—how can he
“I think I know what I want, Cas.” He's angry now, mostly because the angel is right, but dammit, he wants to be able to claim his own moods, to be taken at his word and not be read like an open book.
“I will,” he replies, though before he can finish Dean's fist connects with his mouth. He doesn't feel the give there, but he does see a few teeth clatter to the ground, leaving drooling paths of blood down the devil's face. His response is immediate and brutal, kicks and punches that level Dean, send him into the wall at least ten feet behind. Some of the plaster comes off with him as he lands. Cas gets him up shakily, carefully, allowing weaknesses to be targeted, assessed. He's not completely straight before he's rocked back, head going through plaster this time. Dean knows he agreed to this, knows he suggested it but can't help want to free himself, shake off the shackles of Cas' control and lay waste to the devil. He doesn't know if Cas feels this, can't think straight with the anxiety and fear that build in him. He doesn't care about his own life, has forfeited it enough times already, but he can't bear to see Cas hurt. He's being blocked, denied access to the angel's emotions and grace.
Distraction. Distraction is what he needs and the shelf behind his uncle's television is full of them. Comedy, romance, action. He chooses a movie at random and puts it in the dvd player, technology at odds with the rest of the place, a relic belonging more to the fifties than the twenty-first century. He sags back into the velvet of the couch, bringing the bottle of Jack up for another swallow, one that doesn't taste like anything anymore. It slides him away, fanning him out like dust blowing in the wind so he isn't thinking about anything, not the ominous note, not the light fading from eyes, closing slowly, even as he begged them not to.
He shakes his head, denial coming off him in waves, even as Cas tries harder to soothe him, to make him alright. The directness of it all, the raw devotion leaves Dean's heart in his throat, ready to streak off to a new place where faces have changed but bodies are the same and they all respond the same way, anyway. “There's no such thing as destiny, Cas. There are decisions and sacrifices and free will. And that's all.”
“I'm okay,” he tells the empty house, though he doubts it believes him. Not the bland white walls or the worn-down floor or the generic furniture that holds no personality, that tells him nothing of an uncle who ignored him until death, until he was read a last will and testament.
Finn’s lips quirk up to one side, though the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. “Sorry, babe,” he says, eyes filling to mirror Castiel’s own, warm wet burning and distorting the world in front of him, “But I have to.”
— Dean's head is swimming, wherever they are. He feels hot and cold, feverish and impossibly light. He doesn't notice that his words aren't spoken.
. I'll know that they'll put him up on a funeral pyre and burn him alive, then bring him back and do it again. I'll know and feel and
“This,” Cas, in tones of gravelly vibrato, “Is by far the most reckless idea you've ever had.” Next to him, Bobby grunts his agreement, though his face is hidden by the shadow of his hat, cloaking his expression. “You don't know what you're up against, Dean.”
And then, just as quickly as it began, the light cuts out, and two chests are left heaving on either side. Michael breathes heavier though, tremulous breath that has his hands fluttering to his heart, eyes wide, open with a clarity that locks onto the human before him.
he hears, or feels, because it wells up in him like the burn of a shot without a chaser, pools in his throat, on his tongue and stays there, unwilling to give an inch.
Hell flashes before the angel's eyes, black blood and shining knives and the white of the Righteous man's eyes and teeth. He scuttles forward, taking Dean's doll-limp body into his arms, clutching it close so his heart beats into the other man's still chest. He feels his wings slipping out before he realizes he's letting them; they spread and curve, hiding he and Dean from the outside world, though they're safe from it anyway in Castiel's version of limbo.
“I believe my Father wants you to stop the apocalypse, wherever he may be. I know you will. But I think heaven got it wrong, that there are other ways.”
“You need to eat, Dean.” Cas looks so odd next to the backdrop of kitschy wallpaper and shag carpet; not a hair out of place, clothes obscenely proper against the dusty lining of a building falling into dilapidation.
the slick right slide of Cas' tongue as it trails over his bottom lip. “All the rest, the drinking, the food, the way you used to sleep around,” the words are moaned between licks and nips, layered with the taste of Dean that Cas coats his tongue in before moving back to the human's mouth. Dean finds that he tastes like a wash of lemon and the leftover stain of smoky cologne, “are props, part of an act, and you know it.”
“Make me forget,” Castiel whispers, begging for a reprieve, a need to let go of the weights strapped to his back, the pull of his heart as it slips, granite, to his feet. “Please just make it all go away.”
His arm throbs, though at least it’s stopped bleeding. He can’t use it to pull himself up onto the dock, so he drags himself to the other side of the beach instead, an area protected by tall, sharp grass that slices at his already tender tail.
“Alistair,” he breathes, a slip he doesn't even mean, but the light it sparks in the god is enough to have him swallowing hard. Fear, he doesn't mind showing. The god has seen his anger, his sadness, every fucking emotion Dean has back when he was Cas. Nothing's new except the chill those pale eyes give him now.
Dean's call is wistful, like he's talking to himself while wishing Castiel could hear it. The words are heated flesh, passion, yes, but shame too, because Dean Winchester is a
Turning around on numb feet, Castiel finds a familiar face hovering in the darkness. Dean rides easily, body rolling with the horse's momentum, until his gaze falls on the bodies in front of him. He jerks the reigns unconsciously and the horse rears, front hoofs coming off the ground. Dean doesn't seem to care, swings his leg (short, sturdy, no scales in sight) over the beast's side and jumps down, racing to his wife and daughter. He doesn't hesitate to pull them both to his chest, blood smearing across his shirt and face, mouth open in horror, whimpers and heavy breath spilling into the night air.
Dean wants to ask him a million questions, where he is, how he knows, if he's alright. But his father slips back into the crowd, disappearing. He keeps going, moving forward. He's greeted, kissed, hugged, stroked, congratulated. He sees Jo, who kisses him on the lips and giggles when he apologizes for her life, rolls her eyes at his sadness.
So Dean sleeps and dreams and wakes and wonders because that's all there is to do; the room is windowless and the door evaporates every time he gets within a foot of the thing. Breaking isn't an option, though going stir-crazy is starting to look unavoidable. Things don't make sense here. He doesn't get thirsty or hungry, his hair and nails and beard don't grow. He is the same, preserved. But for how long? Is this what Sam suffered through all those Tuesdays?
Castiel is wrapped in Dean, in the suffering he’s had, the loss, but also the memories, like a thousand fractured pieces of glass, of the man he used to be. He’s lost to a river of fierce love and loyalty, watches, agape, as images fly by. Dean, holding hands with a woman, lifting her white veil to lean in and brush his lips against hers, the sun shining between them, alighting upon long lashes that draw back up to reveal green eyes and the joy held by them. Dean, bouncing a swaddled infant up and down gently as his wife looks on, sweat on her brow, but peace in her eyes. Touches. Smiles. The easy contentedness of family and love. And then the rip of its loss, the creation of a hole that can never be filled and reaches greedy hands out to grow, grow, grow.
And then it's over. He's back in his hotel room, though Castiel is too. His body is his again, but it's still echoing with the shared experience and it feels like he's reaching for something unconsciously, a yearning that's deep and
“Do you know how long people have been doing that?” He hears from behind, a familiar sandpaper voice that's been in his dreams lately more often than not. It strikes him as odd, how different Cas' voice is from Jimmy's, the man he'd come to know just a few days ago. It's like the angel's power bleeds out of the human around the edges, just enough to make it seem like energy crackles around him, to give an aura of something
he tells the Righteous man as he surfaces, slipping back into the controls of his vessel, the familiar too-tight sensation that's like coming home. He is restored, himself again, though with something,
a glorified hotel. But there's no phone and no disruption, neighbors stopping by for stifling chit-chat, concerned looks that trail him everywhere he goes, people staring like he's blind, like he can't look right back and glean the pity shining in the star-scattering of their irises. So he tours the little cottage, acquaints himself with it and ends up back in the living room, where the contents of his bag wait for him. He pulls a bottle of Jack Daniels, the first of three he brought, and a small bag that carries something he hasn't done in years. It's fresh, a faintly musky smell that sticks to his fingers as he picks it apart and rolls it in the thin paper he'd bought at a truck stop on the way up. The teenager had smirked at him.
Castiel does not expect dawn to be trying to angle through his eyelids, bright and insistent. He peels them back and finds himself confined to the body that had held him for over two years. It's a comfort, of sorts, to feel the vessel's height, the sweet sting of muscles as he stretches instinctively, digging deeper into the body until it almost feels like his own.
And then he's alone inside, empty and desolate, a shell. There's a clatter in front of him, Lucifer, shock and horror filtering across his face as his legs give and he falls to his knees heavily. There's a sword coming through the front of his chest, then a spreading stain, the weep of blood. Sam stands behind him, both hands gripped tight on the hilt of the weapon, teeth bared as he twists it, making a sick wet squelching sound.
“Hey,” he whispers, a breath away from that pink flush of skin, and when he says it again they touch, accidentally or on purpose, but it's all he can think of now, to touch, and so he presses down harder, wrapping himself around Dean, pleading with his body for the other man, the creature, the
It fills him and moves past him, reaching out for every part of the god, who is strangely still around him. He imagines lips meeting and moving, a physical outlet to the urge he's pushed away for too long.
Castiel's face is blank. He looks just as he did the moment Dean first laid eyes on him; an angel pulling the strings in a human body, able to move vocal chords and look though borrowed eyes but unsure, really, how to manipulate them fully. How to make it look real, convincing. But back then, Castiel had studied humanity, every second a watch-and-adjust tic, though he always stood too stiff and stared too long But now, as Dean's takes in the angel's face, piece by piece (nose, lashes, lips, eyes jaw), he sees nothing. The spark, the life beneath the vessel has smoothed out, a placid lake to be stared into without any consciousness of its own. Singularity has slipped away from Castiel, a fact he seems oblivious to as he raises Jimmy's piano-player hands and lowers them slowly, imitating the bow he asks them for, the loyalty and groveling and skin-shredding rapture this new god craves.
“Aww, and Deany here sacrificed himself to save his little bro?” He puts a hand over his heart, tilts his head in mock delight. “How sweet.”
“I think you were blind and numb with grief,” Castiel says, looking into Dean’s eyes, trying to show the truth of his words, surprised himself at the depth of the emotion bleeding through them, “And the creature who made you what you are took advantage. You couldn’t have known what was going to happen.”
And then their chance appears. Lucifer is distracted, thinks he's won and is playing with his captive, gloating. Cas moves quickly, grasping for the sword used to kill his brothers, the one that will send Lucifer back down. His aim is true, but at the last second Lucifer shifts and the glow becomes a glancing one, no longer on the correct path to his heart. Lucifer's shock gives way to lip-curled anger, a shockwave of power that pins Dean to the wall. Cas' fear makes itself known then, a helpless stomach-churning jolt that spins Dean into panic. Lucifer starts to chant, black-swirled Latin that charges the room with ancient magic.
Dean smiles, but it's a grim little thing, lips stretched tight. And then, because neither of them know quite how to say what they're feeling, he ducks his head and presses skin to skin, a red flush of heat asking to be shared, closeness that's forgiveness and regret, lust and relief all tangled together, sharp and messy. Eventually, they'll get back to the real world. They'll find Sam and Bobby and explain what happened, with some censoring. But for now, Dean will work his hands through his angel's wings and hair, will moan Castiel's name and forget about time and space and war and monsters. Castiel will open his mouth and let Dean explore his world, his body and his grace. And they'll fall together, breathless, back down to Earth, where both belong, now.
It thinks, maybe it’s done. Maybe the need will be quenched by this ache of a person, by the grief that hangs around him like the shroud of a widower. It sees the changes, anyway; the glow of eyes like a cat in the dark, and teeth that show the savagery of the animal just beneath. Castiel was like It before It’d ever laid a hand on the human, anyway.
But Cas pulls back, far enough so that Dean can see the shine of saliva coating kiss-bruised lips, the hair that falls over cerulean eyes that, even in this light, are clear and striking. “Yes,” he says simply, their noses almost touching, the wind of the word on Dean's cheek. “I'm aware.”
Somehow, it's alright with him. Everything is, here. Even more so when the angel grips him tighter while allowing himself to expand, and it's like it was on the field that day. They're one being, one mix of human and angel that's oddly perfect in its flaws. Dean can sense the holes in his own soul, though, the gaps that seem especially wide in comparison to the surrounding grace.
Lastly, Dean takes out his wallet and places all of his money into one of the socks he has given to the Angel. "I'll be right back," Dean says as hurries from the room.
"I tried, but you insisted on doing it your way. I only conceded when I knew this way, I'd get the privilege of having my way with you in your car," finished Castiel with a smirk.
Castiel watched as Dean rushed through his prep, and knew that Dean was going to be sore, but was going to love the reminder of having had the seraph inside him. In what seemed like no time, Castiel told Dean he looked ready.
“I want to understand why Sam laughed so hard at something that is making you so uncomfortable, so that I could perhaps laugh as well.” Silence followed Castiel’s statement. Sam had remained quiet because he figured it wasn’t up to him to make sure the angel was informed. Dean hadn’t answered because he was trying to come up with the best way to explain the joke without embarrassing himself.
Both wrists were now gathered in one hand, the other was rapidly wrapping the tie around them in an elaborate knot.
"Holy shit," sniffled Charlie. Castiel had been so lost in his own thoughts he hadn't realized his effect on Charlie.
"Why didn't you tell him, Cas?!"Sam exclaims. Sure, he's mad at his brother, but he wouldn't wish demonization on him! But if what's he learned in the past 15 minutes means anything, then there's gotta be a way to turn it back...as long as they get to him on time.
"You know...I'd be a little more considerate to whom you're speaking. Especially when that person is holding someone you care about." Castiel sucked in a breath as he felt the tip of the blade puncture his throat allowing for a small stream of blood to trickle down. He could see Dean flinch and he tried to hold on for the both of them, but the blood loss he had incurred over the past day alone was enough to make him woozy never mind his lack of sleep and sustenance. He slumped forward heavily as he blacked out.
knows he wants to kiss the man in front of him but he can't bring himself to do it. He knows where it would lead and he's aware that the repercussions of those actions were sure to be heartache and loss as was his experience with all of his relationships. If he was going to do something like that with Castiel, it was going to mean something and there was going to be a promise of more to come. He's a 35 year old man and he's done with the one night stands and the faceless/nameless girls. He wants a relationship that means something to him. Castiel is that person but this is not the time because he has to leave. He backs away from the Angel and clears his throat.
"God, please, what do I have to do?" he pleaded. The hunter would do just about anything at this point to get the angel's dick inside of him.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, Cas," Dean shivered, "You've been practicing again?" he asked, gripping Castiel's hips firmly as if to make sure that was in fact real. Where did his innocent little Angel go, and who replaced him with this absolute
The following morning, Dean was startled awake by insistent and angry knocking. He turned to the clock and saw that it was just past 9am. Way too early after last night's activities. Dean got up gingerly to answer as he knew if Castiel answered, the person on the other side of the door would end up smote. He stumbled into some boxers, wincing in pain. Castiel really did a number on him last night. He was smiling as he opened the door to a bitch face of epic proportions.
The following days were filled with the men enjoying each other's company; eating together, watching whatever was on the television, or simply going out for a drive. A week had passed before Dean was forced to tell himself that it was time to go back to his life at the bunker. He was laying in bed running his fingers through the shorter man's hair when that realization hit him and he couldn't keep from shaking.
, Dean. Do that again!" moaned Castiel wantonly. The green eyed man had to pause for a moment to look down at the man beneath him in confusion. He's never heard Castiel curse before.
"Oh, baby, you'd have to work really hard to disappoint me, alright?" Dean spoke just as softly so as to soothe his lover. He used his thumb and forefinger under the Angel's chin to bring their gazes together. He leaned forward until their foreheads touched and they just looked at each other until he brought their lips to brush. The kiss was sweet and comforting at first but it quickly became heated as Castiel shifted their faces to delve deeper into Dean's mouth with a hunger that was making Dean's knees weak. But as much as he would love to condone sex right now, he wanted to leave the love-making for later. He reluctantly pulls back and laughs at the growl he received for doing so.
"She's like the little sister Dean and I never wanted. I kind of feel bad for going to get her, but we need her. She can always go back if she wants," Sam gave in answer.
Castiel was quiet as he collected his thoughts. There was no point in keeping anything from Sam anymore now that he knew everything. In fact, it may help Sam and Dean reconcile, as ungrateful as that particular bastard could be.
Dean isn't conscious of where he's going at all. He's hardly paying attention to any of the laws of the road; the only thing he knows is that he needs to put as many miles between him and that hell-hole.
"Did-did I say something wrong? I'm always so lost when it comes to human interactions," frowned Castiel.
"You were ready to continue fighting for what was right when you had every right to despair. Every time things get difficult, you and your brother are there to put in the work and sacrifice necessary for the world to continue spinning. I am in awe of you, and I hope that one day I am able to be the angel you think I am and make a difference in this world the way you and Sam do."
"I didn't even get his name," he chuckled darkly. Dean can already feel his alter ego taking over and he takes a moment to collect himself. He freezes in shock as he is suddenly bombarded with the picture of Castiel mounted on a rack with Dean's own hand around his neck. He shakes his head when the vision is interrupted by Kevin snapping his fingers in his face.
"Cas! Cas-it's Sam!" yelled Dean frantically. The panic in the Winchester's voice was enough to clear the fog of sleepiness from his mind.
"No, hear me out. I wouldn't because I love him. I love him enough to let him go. I know he's tired of this fight, too, but it's all he knows. He thinks it's all he can be. So if I were in Dean's shoes, I would have let him die so that he could finally find the peace he deserves. But he took that choice away from me, Cas, and I don't know if I can forgive him."
Dean's breathing picked up again in arousal and he licked his lips as he zeroed in on the cock in front of him. This new side to his fallen angel was more than he could have ever hoped for. Trembling hands held the base as he brought his mouth forward to suck on the tip. A moan was ripped from both men: from Castiel because Dean's reverent expression was arousing beyond belief, and from Dean because he never would have thought he would be doing something so filthy and enjoy it. Closing his eyes, the blond man brought more of Castiel's member into his mouth and sucked. He pulled off and ran his tongue along the angel's balls and then leaned back to suckle once more on the tip. A deviant thought popped up in his mind and he barely managed to keep from smiling.
"You. Because I know what lies beneath that rough exterior you are so keen to hide behind," countered Castiel.
Meanwhile, by the time Sam understood what Dean had meant, he wished he had brain bleach. "God, Dean! I was only joking! Cas didn't tell me anything! Fuck! I soooooooo didn't need to know that about my brother," said Sam in a rush all the while rubbing his eyes as if the action would erase the image he has of his brother now.
"I was the last of the angels born. Tasked with watching over humanity and fighting wars on behalf of heaven. Never was I to interact with a human for as long as I lived. That is, until the command came down from the throne that I was to lead the garrison to Hell to retrieve you. For decades we fought, unable to reach you in time, though that turned out to be part of the plan all along.
"Dean has gone and found Cain, the man who killed his brother, Abel, and received his mark so that he can kill Abaddon," Castiel rushed. It was better to be blunt and precise with such revelations.
"Um...professor?" asks Sam with a confused tone. Castiel scrapes his eyes off of Dean to look back at Sam.
"What did you hear?" He may as well resign himself to the fact that he had a lot of explaining to do.
"AND YOU'RE JUST SAYING THIS NOW?!" Dean angrily walked up the Angel who stood his ground with an angry glare.
"Come on, Daddy, you said you'd fuck me," taunted Dean earning him a slap on his right cheek. However, Castiel still complied by rolling them so that he would be on top. He grabbed Dean behind the knees and practically folded him in half, causing his cock to go deeper. He pulled out and set a relentless pace that had Dean's head knocked back, moans falling his mouth that neither man had ever heard come out of him before. Castiel was fucking into him so hard that the headboard was banging dangerously against the wall. At some point Dean had to push back against the headboard so his head wouldn't knock against it.
"I didn't either, actually," Dean chuckled nervously, "I just found a piece of wood and some carving tools and kind of just went at it."
"I just..." Castiel begins, "I just missed you so much, beloved, that I couldn't wait for you to get here and now that you're here...I don't know what to do," he spoke with a tremor in his voice. The hunter sometimes gets frustrated with his lover because he doesn't follow normal human protocol, but at this point this is actually a good thing. A normal person would have just kept what he just said to themselves and it would have eaten at their time together until something exploded.
"One last time-how did you find me?" The man really wanted this question answered. Dean could oblige him for now.
The younger Winchester knows that Castiel will go to his bedroom until after Sam has gone to his own. From there, he will sneak into Dean's bedroom. If it wasn't the most adorable thing he'd seen, he'd say it was pathetic because, in a way, it was. But Sam will indulge in his whimsy and allow Castiel that quirk without mentioning it. Dean will be hearing of it as soon as he stepped back in the bunker. In fact, there was a lot that Sam wants to talk to his brother about. Things that just can't be dealt with over the phone.
"Also, you're going to need to buy underwear 'cause I've got to draw the line somewhere, dude," Dean chuckles as he turns out of the room.
Let me know what you think! Reviews are love. I do have a question, if there was a way for me to fit into the story for Castiel to get his Grace back...would you want him to? I'm leaning towards no, but I want to know what you guys think :) I'll have another chapter up ASAP!
“I don’t-…I don’t understand,” fumbled the angel in apparent confusion as if on cue from Sam's thoughts. He looked to Dean, as always, and he was met with a lustful gaze and blushing cheeks. The shorter man squinted his eyes.
The eldest Winchester can only stand there conflicted. He knows he's been treating Castiel like absolute shit, yet here he is defending him. That issue, however, is for another time.
is made for defense, and if everything falls to shit, we've got the King of Hell in our back pocket! We make due around here, ok?!" he finished with a growl.
When Castiel awoke the next morning, he made his way to the kitchen and found Sam there with a scowl on his face.
Castiel couldn't stop the chuckle that burst forth at Dean's pleas. "No, Dean. That was just a clever ruse on behalf of Sam and I in order to get you here as a surprise," answered Castiel as he stepped aside to allow Dean entrance into the room. "I had been expecting you for the past couple of hours. Sam had told me you called to say you were here since eight."
anymore," he whispered huskily. "I started with one finger, pretending it was you, but it wasn't enough, Dean, it just
There was silence for a beat before Dean realized what Castiel had just implied. "Are-are you kicking me out? Who the hell-"
"You would be correct in that assumption. As a former Seraph you may consider this a 'holy fuck' as you say," the Angel chuckled. "Damn, Cas, seriously," Dean gasped, "I've never been so turned on in my life. And hell yeah I'd like the hands-on demonstration, as soon as poss-ah!" Castiel hadn't waited for Dean to finish his statement before he brought his palm to cup the eldest Winchester in the front of his jeans. He gently massaged Dean's member as he brought his mouth to the Hunter's Adam's apple and laid a playful bite there before kissing his way to the junction between shoulder and neck. There, Castiel focused on making a mark that would stay for a few days. The hand that had been rubbing Dean to full attention was now undoing the button and zipper to the Hunter's jeans. Slipping his hand inside made the green-eyed man's breath hitch.
After another slight pause, the hunter could hear a voice calling in the background for passengers to start getting on the bus and Dean decided that enough was enough. He's already committed himself to this so why not say it out loud before it's too late?
Castiel couldn't keep the small smile off his face at the interaction between his friends. He didn't envy the loneliness Dean must be experiencing.
Sam has always been able to take care of himself, but Dean can't function on his own. He needed to be cared for, or he needed to be the one doing the caring. So, Sam is going to make sure that his brother and his lover reconcile even if he and his brother cannot. "I know Dean can be a dick, Cas, but I'm sure he'll come back around," Sam said in order to comfort the man in front of him.
"Tch. Yeah. Well, I remember everything. Including my talk with Death. I was ready to die, Cas. In that church and again in that hospital. I was going to do it so that we could put a stop to this shit. But that-that rat bastard selfishly took that away from me. It was MY choice, Cas. MY choice to make. That son of a bitch out there just can't stand the thought of being alone, and has to drag me back into the mix of things when I'm just tired. So fucking tired," Sam exclaimed.
Castiel hadn't given it much thought, but now that Dean mentions it, he can feel his heart growing heavy with sadness at having to part once again from the man he loves. But he needs to be strong for the both of them. Dean has spent a lifetime shouldering the burdens of others and the least he can do is take this upon himself.
"Fuck, Daddy, yes! Hnn, shit! I'm gonna come, Daddy, I'm gonna come so hard," he practically yelled. Before Castiel could bring a hand down to assist Dean, the human was coming untouched, his back arched, and beautiful. Realizing that he had fucked Dean so well that he came without touching his cock is what finally brought Castiel over the edge with an animalistic grunt. He kept fucking Dean through the tremors of their release.
“Well, this is him. Castiel, angel of the Lord.” Sam sent a smile to his flustered friend. If the angel were a bird, Sam was sure he’d have his feathers all puffed up.
"You gonna share with the class, Cas?" asked Dean while he spread his arms out when Castiel didn't elaborate.
Castiel chuckled heartily. "You are adorably predictable, Dean." The seraph left a small peck on the hunter's lips then proceeded to haul Dean towards the head of the bed and tied him to the middle post. After depositing him, he came to an unfortunate conclusion, but it was quickly followed by another look and a snap of his fingers. Cold air caused Dean to suck in a breath and looked down at his naked body. "I apologize, Dean, I did not plan ahead and tied you up before undressing you. I have remedied the issue."
"I'm sorry, Cas, I didn't mean to ruin what you wanted," answered Dean forlornly as he copied his lover.
vouched for your sorry ass! Also, you are not defenseless! Kevin is good in a pinch, not to mention that Sam is more than capable of taking care of himself, this
"Alright, alright," answered Dean after he pulled away from the celestial being in front of him. He rose up from the bed to take off his own underwear and released his aching erection to the cold air with a hiss. He grabbed the bottle of lube again and slathered an adequate amount onto his member before leaning over Castiel. "Are you ready, Castiel?" he breathed over parted lips.
"Oh...well, I thought I was fighting a werewolf and I kinda wanted to be on top of things so I took a power nap for a bit before getting here."
? You've been head over heels in love with Cas, who is a multi-dimensional wavelength of Celestial Intent,
“You’re calling me by every other name under creation except for the one you and I are both craving for you to use.”
Castiel sits on the edge of the bed and leans his elbows on his thighs and runs his fingers through his hair in despair. The tension between him and Dean is heart wrenching and more so for the Angel since he is still new to many of the emotions running amok in his mind. It was easier to ignore them as an Angel. The impending doom of his departure feels enough to tear him apart. He straightens up as hears Dean making his way back to the room.
Castiel huffed a breath of annoyance and petulantly sat down in the passenger's seat to keep up his act. Dean rolled his eyes and made his way to the driver's side and turned to the other man and asked, "Have you had a chance to look around yet?" When Castiel shook his head he proceeded to say, "Alright, well let's drive around 'til we find a nice restaurant, ok?" He sighed when all he received was a curt nod in return. He backed out of the hotel and drove off in the direction of the highway with a clenched jaw.
Dean thinks to himself. There is something sniffing around near his face. Something with whiskers and those are definitely some leaves in his face.
"Sammy! Sam, are you ok?!" Dean exclaimed, running his hands all over his brother. He needed to be sure that there wasn't anything wrong with him; a wound he might have missed.
"Dean, look at me," he whispered. Turning to face his Angel, Dean could feel a sting in the corners of his eyes as he met the equally sad expression on Castiel's face. When their gazes locked, they couldn't help but smile a little at the state they were in. "Promise me that you will tell me when you are upset about not being able to see me. You know I don't understand certain human nuances and I need your guidance."
-it's amazing." Slender fingers roughly grabbed into dirty blond hair causing a hungry whimper to rip through Dean. Wide green eyes met surprised and pleased blue eyes. "This is truly a gift you are giving to me, Dean. You are gorgeously responsive."
"Cas, last person that looked at me like that," Dean teased, "I got tied up and slapped across the face by a woman wearing a Zorro mask."
Castiel approached the other man and shut the door behind himself and turned to look at those verdant eyes before replying, "I'd very much like to ride you like the cowboy you are, Dean," he said as he made to straddle his lap, "In this great, big, black, steel horse you ride. And while Bon Jovi only rocks on occasion,
Castiel paused to think about the consequences of coming too close to the boys once again. On the one hand, he can see Dean but on the other hand, he runs the risk of upsetting Ezekiel enough to leave which would be catastrophic for all parties involved.
"Confident, yes, Cas, but you also know that I can bullshit my way through just about anything. I was standing out there for a good minute trying to calm my nerves before I even knocked on the door, man."
"That's up to you." Dean smiled around the other man's rapidly hardening cock. He was feeling particularly insatiable today, and he had been blessed with a partner that could make the human body do whatever he wanted. Castiel nodded and silently grabbed Dean's hair and began granting his beloved's wish.
"It's alright, Dean," soothed Castiel, "We will see each other again soon, ok? I will make it a habit to come close to Kansas once a month so that can meet again. This goodbye isn't forever, ok? Ezekiel should have Sam healed in no time and I can come live with you again." Castiel smiled feebly as he finished his statement. He cupped the cheek of his favorite Winchester and brought their faces in for a kiss that Dean used to ignite one last fire inside of the Angel.
Dean was getting ready to cancel the weekend with Castiel until he remembered that he never told Kevin about Ezekiel which, oops, might be a good thing to inform him of now. He let out the breath he had been holding and hurriedly brought Kevin up to speed.
"Is something the matter, Dean?" he whispers. Surely the only reason Dean would bother him would be for help.
"So have I, Dean, and if you can find it within you to forgive me, then I must forgive myself and forgive you just the same. We cannot absolve ourselves other than through accepting and giving forgiveness."
"Hey, Sammy, come on, those trials really got to you, ok? I know you're tired of hearing that," Dean said as he held up a finger to keep Sam from saying what he knew he would, "But you're going to be fine soon, alright?"
Castiel cleared his throat to bring the attention back onto himself. "Actually, it's my decision, Sam. I am a threat to your well being here. Angels will one day come looking for me and I don't want to risk your safety. Dean has been trying to convince me to stay but I will hear none of it."
The angel shook his head and met Dean's quizzical look with a wide-eyed caught-with-his-hand-in-the-cookie-jar look. "Like what you see?" Dean teased with a wiggle of his hips, his half hard cock swinging unabashedly across his lower abdomen. He brought up his knees and spread them a little, intending to give a view of his hole; however, the position he was in made that difficult without the use of his hands. Castiel still gasped at the motion though.
"No. I'm asking for permission to make love to you, Cas, as corny as that sounds," Dean chuckled nervously.
Dean had to turn away from Ezekiel after he was given the ultimatum. It sucked that everyone knew his weakness. He couldn't bear the thought of Sam being completely taken over by Zeke and leaving if he let Castiel stay. The other scary thing was that the thought of asking Castiel to leave pained him just as much as the threat of Ezekiel leaving. He was being torn asunder and there was absolutely nothing he could do about it.
Castiel is lost in the sensation of Dean's tongue until he feels fingers toying with his entrance. He hurried to relax, though, because he'd watched humanity long enough to know that tensing up would only make this more painful. When the hunter had three fingers moving in and out of him, the Angel had decided that he was done being patient.
Castiel could feel his heart break into a million pieces. The man before him was beautiful in every sense of the word, but he still struggled with self-worth, and probably always would and he needed to accept that part of Dean if he was going to love him fully. The angel stepped forward to cup Dean's cheek in his palm and began to wipe away the stray tear that appeared. "Dean, if anyone here is unworthy, it is me." Green eyes shot up to meet blue eyes in anger. "Let me finish," he said sternly, not giving Dean the chance to retort.
"No, Dean! It's him!" struggled Sam. Dean pointed the gun towards his brother looking more and more flustered.
"What're you talking about, Cas?" he said in an exasperated tone. Dean has done nothing except for what he himself has already been deemed his responsibility.
"I'm retired. I'm not dead," he retorted. "What I don't know is why you're looking for me-more importantly, how you found me."
“Well, with a face like that so full of regret, Cas, I can’t imagine I haven’t forgiven you.” Dean tries to coax a smile with one of his own to no avail. This is more complicated than he thought.
An hour later, Castiel and Dean make their way towards their bedrooms. Dean pauses in front of his door and softly wishes Castiel a good night before hurriedly going into his room and abruptly shutting the door. Castiel heaves a sigh as he makes his way into his own room and slowly strips down to his boxers after closing the door. He climbs into his bed and feels his body relax almost immediately into the memory foam mattress.
"You just signed your death wish, asshole. I'm gonna find you and I'm gonna kick your ass so hard you're gonna wish Daddy was home to kiss your boo-boos. And if you know who I am, you know that I keep my promises. Just ask Zach! Oh wait-I stabbed him in his face." By now, Dean's gravelly tones had garnered the attention of Crowley and Kevin. Dean held up a finger asking for silence before either could inquire. "Now, listen to me. You're going to let Cas go-"
The elder brother smoothed the wrinkles from the front of his shirt and stalked forward like a predator towards its prey. “Gonna have to fix that and fast.”
"I know you've been around long enough to know that your little weapon there isn't going to hurt me."
"So that is how you are going to be? You're going to push me away? Of course you are! What else does Dean Winchester do but push everything that matters away? You know what? I hope you drown in your self-loathing," Castiel hissed. He slammed the door as hard as possible and did the same with his own. A little bit of satisfaction crept in with each slam, but the it was hard to dwell on it when his heart and mind were heavy with contempt for his lover. He should have known that Dean was going to do this. He could have spared himself the hurt if he had just remembered this sooner and just placed his things in his own room to begin with. He no longer felt like showering. He fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
"Dean, do you have any idea what you've done?!" exclaimed Castiel. If Castiel could warn his past self, he would.
"I am perfectly capable of opening the door, Dean, as you have seen in the many years since we were first acquainted."
Castiel took that as his cue to follow Dean into the bathroom which was almost ready. “We really should start getting our own room, Dean. It’s not fair that Sam has to disappear whenever we get intimate.”
"You are welcome," Castiel countered smugly, reaching up for another kiss. The two lovers laid in silence for a short while, basking in their afterglow.
The seraph rose to his knees and asked for the lube and was settled back between Dean's bowed legs after a quick trip to the man's duffle bag. He slicked his cock and was going to begin the plunge within when Dean called out, "Wait! What about a condom?"
Dean slowly opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is a little gray rabbit that had grown curious about his presence. Perhaps he is close to the animal’s den? He reaches out a hand to pet the rabbit and picks him up to see him better.
"YES, DEAN. I'M SURE. I hacked into the police chatter earlier and they said they were getting suspicious about the resident in room four," answered Sam before hanging up.
"Coulda swore..." Dean added as he felt his consciousness being pulled and he found himself awakening to labored breathing. He quickly opened his eyes to find Castiel looming over him.
"That's not all it does," stated the Angel. If only the Hunter knew what he had subjected himself to. But...even if he had, would that have stopped Dean? Probably not. He was always the one willing to sacrifice himself for others. Castiel just wished that Dean would one day do something for
Castiel glances around the room and notices various objects that are the same shade of blue as his eyes littered at random on desks and drawers around the room. There are weapons lining the walls as well but the thing that stood out the most to him was a pair of figurines on one of the bed side tables.
"Good boy." Dean shivered at the moniker. That was a kink he never wanted to think about because he knew it was testament to the shitty childhood he had in which he was never praised, so now it does things to him. One look at Castiel told Dean that he knew already what that praise did to him. "Open your mouth."
The unlikely pair had been forced into the house by Cain himself. Crowley is a nervous wreck on the couch, which does nothing for Dean's nerves by the way, and Dean can't help but state the obvious.
After several minutes on the road, Dean pulled Baby onto a dirt road that lead to a wooded area with a large pond. The surface of the water reflecting the moon's light made everything it touched look ethereal.
"Then why are you asking me to leave, Dean? This kindness is confusing! Your anger would have been less painful," Castiel whispers as if he was afraid speaking any louder would bring the yelling he had been expecting.
Ezekiel gave an angry pout before receding into the depths of Sam's consciousness and Dean had to recover a neutral face for when Sam comes to. It'd be hard to explain an angry face to someone who can't recollect making anyone angry to begin with.
The words “Dean Winchester will die,” wring his heart. Of course nothing good could come from progressive memory loss.
"Yeah, I know," smiled Dean, "it's great. Sometimes it feels like we spend TOO much time together and I can't hardly breathe, but then moments like these make it all worth it," finished the elder brother.
The eldest brother stood there for another beat before shaking his head as if throwing off whatever thoughts went through his mind. "N-nothing, man. I just-I never thought I'd be saying THAT, you know? Not only am I in a committed relationship...I'm in a committed relationship with a
Sam turned around in surprise before answering, "Dean took off last night with Crowley. I thought you were with them, too. I can tell by the look on your face that you're not surprised anyway. Is there something going on between you two?"
"Oh, you gotta teach me how to do that," exclaimed Dean. Hell, with that power, the Winchester would have Crowley permanently on mute.
"Get in the backseat," commanded Castiel breaking the heavy silence before Dean could even speak. With shaky hands, the Hunter opened his door and promptly sat in the back. His breath hitched when he saw the feral look on his lover's face.
"It's ok, Dean, you don't have to. We can just do it like before," the shorter man hastily interrupted. Castiel had been hoping that Dean would say yes, though. Submitting to Castiel would have been a way to solidify something for him. Letting Dean top had been what allowed Dean to keep his "manly" facade in that he wasn't the one exposed. The Angel had wanted his Hunter to trust him completely and the only way for him to know was for Dean to allow him to take control.
at me. You cannot believe that still," Dean scoffed before he could stop himself. "You may have made rash decisions in your lifetime, Dean, but I believe that they were done with heart. With good intentions," spoke Castiel with conviction.
"Oh, cramps?" the Hunter replied sardonically, facing towards the house in front of them once again.
"I get it, Cas, I really do, but it's taken years for me to reaccept who I am, ok? And I can't even say I'm fully comfortable with myself either, but for you...I've been trying. It was slow going, but I've been working up the courage to say something to you, but the timing was never right. I didn't want it to be some kind of eleventh hour confession and quick romp in the sheets before we set off to die, ok? Because you deserve so much better than that and you deserve so much better than me."
"I was thinking maybe we could bring Charlie back from Oz. She's really good with a computer, and we could use her expertise to track down Metratron and Gadreel."
After the two men hung up, Sam made his way to the kitchen where he could hear that his brother was still cooking. Walking in through the door, Sam inhaled the heavenly scent of a stew boiling away on the stove. Dean was facing the cupboard on the other side of the room with a pensive look on his face, and the younger Winchester slowly made his way to the pot and grabbed the spoon. After sticking it into the stew and bringing it to his lips, he could feel an angry glare beating on the side of his face. He hadn't heard his brother move closer, but he wasn't giving Dean the satisfaction of knowing that.
"You're not going anywhere, Crowley," spoke the tall figure from behind the Hell spawn. There was an uninhibited chill that ran down Dean's back when he heard those words come out of the man that took off his beekeeper's hat. There was definitely something inhuman about him...which means that he should have listened to Crowley.
Castiel stole a look into the other man's eyes and his face turned stone cold angry causing Dean's eyes to widen in fear. "The lesson here is that when I say I want to fuck, Dean Winchester, then I want to
Castiel longs to reach over and grasp the hand of his lover in the way they used to before the memories began to leak. He had forewarned Dean all those years ago about the consequences of severing the memories from his conscious mind.
"About you being possessed? Since the day I arrived at the bunker. In fact, I had to leave the bunker because you were possessed. Ezekiel-no Gadreel- insisted upon it. He said that I would attract angels to your location. He was right, of course, but it didn't hurt any less."
“Guys, now is not the time to consummate your marriage or whatever, we’ve got to get those witches. Also, isn’t it a little rape-y to have sex with someone that doesn’t have their memories?”
"Wait! Don't hang up yet!" Dean could feel his pulse quicken and his breaths become shallow. He cleared his throat and gulped down air to calm himself.
The odd pair make their way out of the bar. Just as they step through the door, the man Crowley had eyed, turned towards a few others scattered throughout the place, and gave a signal before he walked out into the night as well.
Dean sits at the table so that he can take a moment to contemplate on how he is going to apologize to his lover later. He doesn't deserve to be forgiven and he knows it.
"Cas, come for me, baby. Let go," Dean sped up and slammed in a little harder and Castiel was meeting him thrust for thrust. The Angel's breaths were erratic and uneven and his moans were getting increasingly louder and louder. Finally, his orgasm hit him and he clenched down on Dean. Castiel arched into the man above him, grasping the sheets beneath him. This feeling coursing through him was identical to the exhilaration he felt when flying, and he wished that he could feel this way forever.
"Cas, what is it you want? If you've really been watching me at all over the years, which is both endearing and creepy, you know I'm pretty much open to anything in bed," said Dean reassuringly.
Castiel slowly puts down his food and swallows with difficulty as his throat feels constricted and his lungs are trying to regain normal function. He looks down at his feet so that he can spare Dean the weakness that is now pooling at the corners of his eyes. "I-I understand, Dean. Our friendship is irreparably broken and having me around would just be a burden to you...the only thing I ask is that I be allowed to stay the night. But if that is too much to ask then I can leave right now. You need only say so." Castiel wipes at his eyes quickly and takes a deep stuttering breath as he finishes his statement. He cannot make himself look at Dean for fear of seeing a disgusted expression on his face.
"No, and I'd like to show you the difference. If you want, that is," replied Dean as he brushed his hand nervously through the hair at the back of his head.
“If you are ready for your punishment, I’d like for you to show your consent with your chest on the bed, hands crossed behind your back, and your ass in the air.”
The sadness that had disappeared with their shared laugh was now back in those azure eyes. “Yes and no. Yes, because there is something within you that does not allow you to see the goodness in yourself, and no because there is so much love and kindness behind those green eyes that you would rather hurt and burden yourself rather than others.”
"Oh, shit!" Dean moaned. The hunter grabbed behind his knees to keep his hole easily accessible as Castiel worked his own seed out over several heated minutes. When there was no more cum to be had, he leaned up to meet Dean in a kiss full of tongue and cum that they traded between them until they swallowed it away. The men finally relaxed until Dean began to laugh to himself a little. Castiel shot him a squint.
"A-alright," Dean answered with a skeptical look on his face. What the hell just went on his Angel's mind? There was a sudden chill that appeared while Castiel had been thinking, and it worried him. Did he want to know? Probably not. Grabbing the Angel's hand, he led him outside to the car and went to open the door for Castiel who only stared at him with squinted eyes and tilted head.
"I'm going to visit The Grand Canyon," said Castiel after a long enough pause. "I've flown through it in passing but I want to take my time when I go now."
"Ah. You are going to hold up your part of the deal, then? Excellent. Where is your shadow?" asked the Demon as he looked around finding the space next to Dean to be empty.
"Hm," pondered Malachi as he looked at Castiel. "Wasn't expecting that. Probably should have fed him or something. It's so easy to forget how susceptible you pesky little humans can be," he chuckled.
Dean couldn't help the full bellied laugh he gave in response. It was simultaneously the best and worst line he'd ever heard. "I gotta say, Cas, that was original," he answered, "but uh...how about you put it into practice, hm?" he finished before leaning in to kiss his lover. There seemed to be a kind of electricity in the air as they moved against each other. Being apart had taken its toll, and now they get to remedy that.
"I'm sorry, it's just-this is so hard for me to say," Dean ran a shaky hand through his hair and let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding.
"Son of bitch didn't think we were clever enough to melt down Angel blades into bullets," chuckled Dean earning a smile from Castiel. "Come on, let's get outta here before the police show up," grunted Dean as he stood up.
After a minute of catching his breath, the other man slowly pulled out. He gave a look towards Dean's hole that the hunter couldn't interpret as he watched cum flow out of the abused hole.
promise you..." Dean sighed. He's starting to think that he should just stop making promises to shady people.
"Yes. I believe we will be visiting a haunted house tomorrow. Many are speculating that it contains the spirit of a Civil War general that haunts the old plantation on the grounds." Castiel hates lying to Dean but he figured that this lie is justified and will have a reward in the end.
Dean closed his eyes at the picture in his head and moaned somewhat pathetically in response to the question.
Dean growled as he brought their lips together again. Castiel took that opportunity to push Dean away from him so he could stand and push him down onto the desk. "What're you doing, angel?" the green eyed man asked in confusion.
The Angel only gave a huff of annoyance in answer but acquiesced nonetheless stepping back and moving to turn on the water to a suitable temperature. "I've changed my mind, I don't want to copula-fuck in the shower anymore. I wish to take my time with you," stated Castiel as he stripped off his clothing.
"That's ok, sweetheart, I've got you." As Dean said that last statement he became aware of an extraneous set of shallow breaths taking place somewhere close to him. The thing is...he doesn't see anyone else in the room. "Do you hear that?" he asks distractedly.
Castiel gasped in horror when he saw the mark. He tossed the arm away from himself, and backed away shaking his head. He didn't say anything until Dean repeated his previous question.
Castiel can only look in disbelief at the man across from him, thinking of what he could say next. "I will tell you, Dean, that there is a price that comes with that mark. A price that I don't think you're aware you've paid, quite frankly."
"I have watched humanity for countless millennia, there are things," Castiel whispered as he shoved Dean into the bathroom and pushing him against the wall, "there are things even
"The only room available was the one next to you guys, and I forgot my noise cancelling headphones at the bunker," Sam growled. "Goddamned thin walls. Heard shit I never wanted to hear in my life." He handed his brother coffee and slammed the door before presumably going back to his room to wait. Dean stood there in shock.
The hunter stepped into the shower feeling both lighter and heavier in spirit. He'd had to part from his lover, but he knew he'd be seeing him again soon.
The Hunter looked up and reached a tentative hand to cup the other man's cheek. Their gazes met with such a tone of sadness and found that neither could breathe. They slowly brought their foreheads to meet, but Dean refused any other form of comfort. No doubt thinking that Castiel was only loving him out of pity. The sad thing is that this isn't the case at all. The Angel can recall all of their interactions with clarity, but Dean has to remember on his own. The Angel cannot tell Dean what he had been thinking while they were in Hell so it would be counterproductive to try to do so now. As difficult as it will undoubtedly be...Dean must remember on his own. Castiel has to brace himself for the retaliation that is sure to come his way. No matter what happens from here on out, Castiel will love Dean until the end of time.
to me?” Castiel growls, his voice resonating deep in his chest, the echo of it enough to make Dean’s skin hum as well. He sneers, shows the fangs that weren’t there yesterday, and glares into Dean’s eyes, waiting.
He doesn’t arms to wrap themselves around him in return, a mouth to come down hard on his, incongruent with the softness of the lips beneath the force. Shock parts Castiel’s lips and heat quickly follows, a tongue that caresses once, twisting against his own before it moves up to trace the points of the new teeth (
The angel's words are the steady beat of a heart, a sigh after a long day, a blanket to block out the cold.
The angel smiles with his mouth, makes him look young and innocent in a way he's never been able to pull off. Then he calls up a host of images, licks and touches, hands moving with lust, nips and bites, things done behind closed doors and Dean understands that this is
He doesn't know what to do with himself. He can't help Sam, can't reach into his blood and pull out the taint, the guilty itch that's been scratched, over and over. He can't stay near, offering comforting words because Sam's anguish is suffocating, sets his teeth on edge and makes something inside clench so hard he's afraid he'll give himself a heart attack. So he does nothing, is useless, standing alone in the dark.
Castiel feels the sting of fingers wrapping around his heart, sorrow for someone else besides himself. Concern. Caring. Things he cast off when Finn died, parts of himself that are awkward and stunted now. Of its own accord, seemingly, his hand slips between Dean’s clasped fingers, holding both at the same time. Dean’s head jerks down, surprise contorting his features, squeezing out the tears that had built in his eyes. They track down his face, hold on by their fingertips to his chin and then are cast away, landing on Castiel’s hands.
“Shot—demon bitch had a gun.” Sam's words are rapidfire, hands pressing his hair back, eyes big and aimed at Castiel, pleading with him. “Please, Cas. Just. Please help.”
Rolling dunes, a finger-painted sky that glows as the sun sets. The soft lapping of a lake fed into an ocean a stone's-throw away, a cottage near its shore. It’s picture-book perfect, but the glazed eyes that flicker past it all remain unimpressed. Castiel sits in his car, the motor still grunting, having only just been shut off, and stares at the small house before him.
Castiel wakes to the warmth of light on his face, the glow of it an insistent pull that draws him from the shadowed shapes in his dreams. He doesn’t remember falling asleep, though his laptop is on the floor by his bed, shut and turned off. But his mind can slither away from the situation easily enough, can swerve around yet another fact he doesn’t want to face. He rolls his shoulders, stretches his arms over his head and feels the sweet pain of muscles waking from sleep’s heavy paralysis. Of course, waking is the opening of the mind's dam that's been squeezed shut by dreams. All of the past few days come back to him at once, and the word
“Call me Michael,” the creature whispers, before lifting Dean’s chin, surging forward to fuse their mouths together. Time stills, and in that moment it seems as if the human might back away, might fight the encounter, but then the hitch is corrected and forward motion begins again, his lips opening, receiving,
The sun should be drawing back, but Dean squints, blinded, as it just gets brighter, loud and insistent, stubborn against mother nature's cycle. He scrunches his eyes shut, throws his hand over them and hits the ground, covering his head. When the light starts to eat at him, nipping with hands of fire, licking across skin and fabric, he screams, lungs burning. And then it stops, disappears, allowing black to take its rightful place in the sky.
Dean when the man can't even remember him? He'd never allow this if he knew who Castiel really was. The traitor he is. The echo of Dean's soul as Castiel ordered him to bow down or die—it would bring him to his knees if he weren't already on the ground.
“But I know his tricks, Dean.” A glint under the light, shiny in the god's hand. The knife is wickedly sharp, and it's gripped easily. Comfortably.
“Maybe it's because it's easy to imagine that something's looking back,” he whispers. He's glad for the dark, glad that he can pivot, rest on the bumper of the Impala and be silent long enough to try and collect himself.
, vibrates with age and knowledge. Tired. The other words settling on his tongue have no chance to taste air, though, because Dean closes the space between them, forces their mouths together while he buries his hands in the down of Castiel's wings, stroking them up and down, each touch a stuttered bolt of lightning that tightens his chest and clouds his mind.
Dean can't remember, after, what triggered the question. Maybe it was the way Castiel looked at Sam, the flit of dismissive eyes that crushed his little brother, though he didn't show it. It had Dean gritting his teeth, gnashing them together to stop words and his insides out, both laced with malignant heat. He's not sure if it's an after-effect of hell, some stupid latent reaction from coming back to from the dead more alone than he's ever been. No one knows how he feels. And how can they? They didn't do what he did, didn't see what he saw. The ones that have want him dead or laugh icily, having heard of the legendary hunter that was two steps away from becoming just like them.
“You must hurry, Dean,” Cas is saying, helping him up, pushing him to the stairs. “Sam has escaped.”
Something moves in front of him and his words cut off, lose their wings to flutter to the ground softly as flakes of snow. He looks up, brows drawing together because he heard no car, no footfalls to warn him of another presence. But as his eyes take in the details of the man in front of him, he understands why.
“Chains, huh?” he asks, sliding his tongue back over his lips in mocking pin-up style. “Never knew you had it in you, Dean. Kinky.”
He lifts his hand, a question mark that has Sam stepping back out of reflex, boots scuffing the gravel underfoot. It's a satisfying sound, weight against rock. Castiel likes it. What he doesn't like is the fear licking around the edges of Sam's soul, though the hunter would never show it in his face, in the depths of hazel irises glued to Dean's form a few feet away, laid gently on his back, asleep. A moment is all it takes for Sam to right himself, to straighten his back and harden his expression.
Doesn't matter now. He raises the slightly lumpy joint to his mouth and lights it, breathing in the heady smoke wastes no time in its conquest of his mind. It eases in, helped by the first swig of whiskey that burns hot in his throat. The fire is a promise of misery and retching tomorrow, but the effects will be sweet enough tonight. He stands, shucking off his light jacket with the blunt between his teeth. He sucks in too long and fights the urge to cough, lungs fighting to be rid of the sticky smoke. It catches on his shirtsleeves, but a few insistent wrenches and the jacket is abandoned, crumpling onto the couch in a forgotten ball. His hand grasps the cool metal of the door when the letter on the end table catches his attention again, a glance down that leaves him curious. Wondering. It's thick between his fingers, like old-time parchment paper. He steps outside, into cooling air that doesn't feel so much like a slow drown anymore, and sits on a painted-white bench he hadn't noticed before. It creaks, but holds him well enough. Another mouthful of whiskey, another wince at the taste and it's time to read the letter. The last drag of weed curls from his mouth, arching this way and that as it disperses into the night sky; he slits the seal of the envelope with his index finger and squints at the words, trying to bring them into focus.
Tragedy is an interesting word; it covers a multitude of events, all awful, but what Castiel finds when he gets a match for his search is worse than anything he can imagining going through. He reads the words, ants on his screen, cold and neutral. They jump into his mind alive and coiled like a snake about to strike; the events unfold inside of him and suddenly he's not reading anymore but seeing. Watching. And he doesn't want to, wants to turn his head and close his eyes and pretend he can't smell the blood and sweat, can't feel the chill in his bones that burrows down and lays anchor.
“Goodbye, Dean,” Castiel says, cocking his head a little, examining him from another angle. “I'll be back soon.”
“I'm alright,” he says, and looks up, a wan smile stretching his mouth. She's pretty, dark hair and light eyes, straight features. But what keeps him staring that beat too long is the concern pulling her eyebrows down, the way her eyes tick back and forth between his, looking. Trying to gauge something.
“What happened?” He stares into Dean, eyes jumping back and forth across green irises, seeing past, through, looking at the flicker of soul beneath, the way it's too close to the skin, minutes from edging out, fleeing into the sky.
They laugh together until it's the breathless, quiet kind that looks like a seizure. And though the moment is light, feels good, the mood sobers.
Listless sleep rolls its covers back around noon. Castiel treks red-eyed into the shower and turns it up as hot as it will go, pale skin pink and stinging when he gets out, the blood at the surface, his body one pulse that beats hardest in his head. He needs coffee. And something solid so the coiled ball of his stomach can unfurl, if just a little bit. His duffle is where it was last night, the television still on, the main menu of the dvd playing softly over and over again. He pulls out pants and a shirt and hopes they match, dresses looking out the window.
“Eating at me, Dean,” Sam whispers in a child's voice, the kind that's beyond caring and image. The put-upon younger brother has disappeared, leaving the remnants of a lost man, one who ran down paths blind, choosing wrong to spite the world he'd grown up in. “Can't last.”
Cas starts, but he abandons his words, the ones he'd called pointless so long ago (or was it really only weeks?) and just
“Does Cas like it like this?” He squints, raises an eyebrow. “Do you use that tie of his? Tell me, does he shout to his Daddy when you make him come?” He leers at Dean, who fights the slow burn of anger that builds, gathering life.
The burning starts first, the cringe of veins trying to turn themselves inside out, being stripped of life and blood until his vision starts to white out. Or at least that's what Dean thinks is happening until he blinks and realizes he's just used his own body, has some autonomy in it.
“You were never so delicious before, Dean.” He holds a hand out, water dripping, painting the dock a darker shade of grey in miniscule explosions.
The first drag of the knife is deep. Dean is red and black, streaks of charred embers curling inside, hell brought back as he's cut open, blood hot and gushing.
Shower still running, beating a tattoo into the bottom of the tub, he steps out, water coursing down soaked skin, though he pays it no mind. He looks into the mirror again, wiping the steam from its cool face, and grips the sides of the sink before lifting the skin of his top lip into a sneer-smile, though his eyes are still cast down because as long as they remain glued to the drain, this isn’t happening, this isn’t real and he is still ok. Fucked-up, but
He questions the angel's motives, why he would want to help them when he'd trapped them in his little tv-land hell, tried to force them to assume their inherited roles. But Gabriel just remains still, allowing Dean to work out what he'd said.
is given without ever being uttered. “I have to fix this,” he mutters, maybe only to himself, before nodding at Sam and stepping past him, toward the spread-eagle of Dean's body. The man is light in his arms, a barely-there burden with steady breaths and a time-clock heart, a countdown that weighs heavily on Castiel's mind. He catches Sam's gaze before his wings spread and wrap around Dean; there's fear there, and silent regret, but laced through tired eyes is the smallest hint of happiness, like something's finally gone right.
the angel, into his essence again. He would never admit it, but the grace that surrounds him feels like a jacuzzi, all warmth and comfort and the pressure of heat used to unwind, to channel the tension that's built in him. But it breaks something too, makes the wall he's built in himself implode, releasing his doubt and fear and agony over him in such a wave that he thinks he'll drown because he's got no one left, no one standing in his corner, no one who actually
Gabriel even teases him, tells him that if he wants to be sleeping beauty he's going to have to go at it awhile longer or maybe call a plastic surgeon, but Dean can tell it's done gently, a dig at something he knows isn't true. That Gabriel's treating him with kid gloves makes everything that much worse, makes him more pathetic. He just snorts and tries to unstick the peanut butter that's adhered itself to the top of his mouth like glue.
It settles on the tip of his tongue, ready to be whispered softly, like leaves fluttering to the ground, a patchwork pattern of colors. The syllables are simple, strong and masculine. A little old-fashioned. Suddenly, Castiel isn't so tired anymore, and the laptop case dropped carelessly in the corner of the bedroom, next to an old-fashioned bureau is all he can think of. He unzips it impatiently, the noise quick and assured, and brings it back to the bed. The few moments it takes to boot up are grains of sand in an hourglass, each grain's fall slow, stretching into infinity. His thumb keeps a beat on the keyboard, tapping out the jangle of his nerves until his search engine opens. He types in the name and sends it out into the cords of the internet, frowning when his first twenty results are all for guns. Or men named Dean who own guns. Rolling his bottom lip between his teeth, pulling at the strands of dry skin there, he tries again.
But he’ll do what he can. What he has to. Because he can’t die with this blood on his hands, can’t try to wipe away the blame that’s settled heavily on his shoulders, twisting at his neck, pressing his temples.
“Don’t be.” But the tense line of her shoulders relax despite herself. She leaves him to eat and he takes a bite, knowing she’s still watching. It smells good enough, but the first bite that passes his lips is ash and oil on a rain-slicked road. It’s been a year since anything’s tasted good, and obviously this meal will be no different. If he stops thinking of it, if he lets his mind drift, the process becomes mechanical and he can almost overlook the bitterness that coats his tongue like a too-warm blanket.
“No.” He clears his throat, shifts his weight from leg to leg. “We've got to just get a beer or something sometime, Cas. The amount of feeling-sharing we're doing is going to kill my image.”
Dean keeps his eyes closed when he wakes up. He's not alone in the room, can hear the in out breaths of Sam and Gabriel.
sight and touch and smell and taste. And Castiel knows none of that, doesn't really know the heat of another under his fingers, the slow whiskey intoxication of losing oneself to the physical. He is eternity and nothingness all at once; no wants, no needs, created for the intentions of others.
“Finn,” he grits, too-long teeth stabbing into his bottom lip, blood welling up to dribble down toward his chin. He flinches when the apparition moves closer, can’t help but want to curl in on himself, make himself smaller so his love can’t see what he’s become. What he’s becoming.
He awakes with his teeth still in the not-quite-human’s throat. Disgust closes his throat, turning the blood bitter and sharp. The world spins around him and he lets go, falling back on the water, arms scrabbling to find purchase, to find the balance that held him so beautifully all these years. But the muscle of his tail feels sluggish, unsure, and his eyes can’t focus for the water that skews his vision (
“Protection?” Dean is lethargic, dehydrated, and he's had enough emotional ups and downs in the past few weeks that his fingers itch to crawl down just a little and make sure that he does, in fact, still have a penis (A slight adjustment, and...all clear). “Plain English, Cas. Use it.”
his skin, like the moon at night. His eyes burn neon, patterns of gold and brown and white interlacing in the iris, creating a pattern that is uniquely his. He looks powerful, beautiful in a terrifying sort of way that makes him want to look away, as much as he's a fan of his own looks. The straining contraction of muscles starts again, concentrated this time, weaving up and down his spine. He realizes what's happening a moment before it does, before bones he doesn't have extend, pushing out from skin that doesn't break or bleed. Cas allows his eyes to remain on the space just to the left and right of his back as they emerge fully, wings of silver, the color of metal in the sun.
“And I just kept running away,” he laments. “Kept wishing you and Dad would just leave me alone, let me have a normal life.” He shakes his head.
Cas feels his separation, how deep he's gone into himself. His hand lines up with the mark on Dean's shoulder and even through the fabric of some old flannel it still startles him, the rush Cas brings, the way invisible tendrils of grace reach for him, coaxing light back to the surface, pushing air back into his lungs before he drowns in his worries.
“Tone it down a bit.” It's a croak, contains none of the sarcasm it should, but the effort is there. Dean can see that Sam's glad for it, sees an inkling of what used to be. He just feels exhausted, each second of trying to be the old Dean, the before Dean an effort he can barely manage. Sam just stares, concern and a stupid smile combining efforts to form such an earnest hope that he can't hold back, can't resist the truth as it bypasses his control, tearing his mask off so thoroughly he's dizzy, cant tell which way is up.
“Yes,” he answers simply, tilting his head back as he's stroked and caressed, pulled apart in the softest of ways. Light touches skate across his cheeks and jaw, fingers tracing tears backward, coming away pink. He watches Dean lick his fingers, tasting the angel's grief, hot and human.
Gabriel retreats back to his chair after a few affectionate slaps to Dean's arm. Castiel takes his place. “What Gabriel did, Dean, was separate the two to cleanse them, to renew him. The body is the easier part.” His eyes move up and down Dean's body; though he's been seen in his entirety by the angel, it hits him for the first time that Cas had brought him back to life, had made his body whole again before he'd ever met him. He sees Cas remember, knows the angel is probably seeing how he looked, bloody and torn, rotted away. His throat constricts, but he wills the feeling away. He doesn't have anything left to bring up, anyway.
Every inch of Dean is screaming. Funny enough that his echo Sam's breath for breath, though Dean's don't slip past clenched vocal cords. He goes against every instinct (blood calls to blood,
“Looking at the stars,” Cas—Dean doesn't know why it feels right to use the nickname, but after the moment, the
Dean ices over, features hardening into a mask. “I know exactly what we're up against, Cas.” He looks to his brother, who gives him a small nod of encouragement. “We can't sit around and wait for the world to end.”
“What did you do?” He asks, craning his neck to look back at Gabriel. Sam looks different, peaceful, something Dean hasn't witnessed his brother experience during sleep, not since Lucifer started invading his dreams, masquerading as dead lovers and friends. There's no stiffness in his brother, just liquid relaxation and calm, like the horizon just before the sun dips below its line.
“I,” She comes back to refill his coffee, wipes thin-fingered hands on her apron and twists a lock of dark hair behind her ear. His expression is guarded, a plainy impatient
“Hard, Cas?” He rubs a hand over his face, scrubbing at dry, aching eyes. They blur a little, a build up of exhaustion that has seeped under his skin, pressing in from all sides. “Imagine watching your brother torture himself until he's bleeding and spitting and shaking so hard, the house moves.” He's going to continue, going to chasten further, but a chance look at the angel's face, dark and drawn, silences him.
“I know,” Castiel breathes, any animosity left for the creature, for Dean, deflating inside with a quiet sigh. “I know.”
human. He's good, too good. Everything about him is what it wants and needs and oh, it was so close to having it all today. But it pushed him away, told him to get out.
“You don't know anything,” he gets, a cold reply that would be fairly convincing in its apathy, save for the tremor just underneath the soft growl. “I have no family.”
The adaro lies motionless, head turned away from Castiel. The only sign of life is the slight twitch of his chest up and down, and then the soft lull of a voice, a whisper, maybe not even meant for him.
Now his angel speaks on the inside, voice rolling like the ocean, the spray as it hits the surf. It's the hush of nightfall, the first drops of rain before a downpour. It's Cas'
Dean asks, and though he says it to himself, he knows Cas will hear. And then he won't have to ask, even if he craves the answer, the
that flashes across his younger brother's face. “I'm going to say yes.” he says again, “Just not to Michael.” And with that, Dean Winchester promptly tells destiny to go fuck itself before slipping out of its grasp entirely.
It's handwriting he knows, though not well. The same that had greeted him when he'd first entered the cottage. His uncle's. But the delicate paper, held lightly between the pads of his fingers has no message. Only gibberish, words that make no sense upon first, second and third examination. He lets go and it falls heavy to the ground, useless. It can't help him. It can't help anything. The decision he comes to isn't hard. It's a snap, a sharp click of finality that settles over him like the sun casting its hazy beams. He is going to pretend nothing ever happened. He is going to get up from the floor (knees cracking, hand stinging, has to get the first-aid kit for the splinters) and take a shower and a nap and forget about the green-eyed man. Monster.
“Haven't I already?” His voice is day-old cigarettes and whiskey and the churn of loose rocks under tires (
“I know this is hard for you, Dean.” Cas breaks the silence, the little spell that makes it ok to pretend they're just two normal guys hanging out, looking at the sky.
“Dean,” he rasps, groaning with the pain, fresh tracks of tears making their way down his cheeks, eyes glassy green, “Don't do this Dean, please—I'm your brother, man, I'm your broth—”
Dean's hand is wrist-deep in the soft plumes of feathers, the down close to the underside joint. Tears leak down his red-streaked face as he pets the limb, one Castiel hasn't felt since he was brought back, made himself again. They'd burst from his back when he'd seen Dean.
he's calling, the name passing through him like electricity from a sparking wire. It's old and familiar and it stills before it can pass over lips he can't feel. He's held hostage, just like the souls he'd trapped. Absorbed.
“I'm going to say yes.” He holds up a hand to stop the questions that leap to Sam's lips, the outrage and hurt and
“What did you do to me?” Dean circles around Castiel, tail powerful, creating waves that have him kicking harder to remain in one place.
he snarls, launching himself into the water, arms encircling Dean, holding him there by the element of surprise alone. They both go under, but Dean’s tail reacts automatically and drags them back up, hair plastered across foreheads, water coming down like tears over their faces, dripping off long lashes.
And when he can't take it anymore, when he's threatened by the reverberation of his own feelings, he hears a reed-thin voice that calls out in desperation.
“We've got to stop it, Cas,” Dean spreads his hands, an appeal, a prayer. “And it's the only was to do it, to turn the tables enough so that Sam doesn't get sent to
His words are an earthquake, wherever they are. The god's mind shakes around him, but he doesn't notice because all he can do is
The words slur after awhile, when there's nothing left of the woman but her will to live for her daughter, and even that begins to wane. When she's silenced, blue eyes open in a forever stare at the ceiling, they advance on the child. Castiel's throat aches with his screams, and the next thing he knows, he's standing outside in the sand, near the bodies of the two. They've been arranged into a garish caricature of a loving embrace, a mother clutching her daughter, though both are so blood-slicked that it does nothing but turn his stomach. Behind him, the unmistakable sound of hoof beats echo, and he hears a sharp whinny.
Dean is branches in the wind as he moves up Castiel's arm, then down his fingers; a delicate sway, soft rustling and hair blowing. A pang of loss comes over the angel when the human's soul departs, but it doesn't last. Dean moves in his arms a moment later, gasping and sitting up so they meet chest to chest, arms wrapping around his shoulders, though the human pauses, looking just over Castiel's head.
No one is special because they are all the same, cut of cloth that is uniform and grey as a rainy morning. Maybe that's why they were abandoned, why his Father chose the humans over the angels, the too-perfect children left to go insane after His departure, madness and the hunger for power descending to fill the hole He left. Castiel had orders. He followed them and they cost him everything—his home, his family. But he gained something, too. Something new, something he hadn't felt since the settling of his grace, the fingerprint like gunpowder his Father left on him.
“I'll order in.” He can't be sure, but relief might have washed over Cas' features for a split second. A few minutes spent on the phone results in a large pizza, an order of garlic bread and a bottle of Coke. Thank you very much, sir. He doesn't know what to do with the awkward silence that falls over the room, the unsaid words that build up in his mouth, trying to be said, only for him to swallow them down. It's so hard for him to translate what he feels, how he feels, into words, into things that make sense to anyone else. And he's always been this way, more prone to walking away or hitting someone or letting angry tears slide hot down his hidden face than to actually explaining himself. Sam hated that about him, the moody silences he fell into, thought it was a form of punishment. But Dean's learned the hard way that what he puts out can be used against him, turned into a weapon locked on to his biggest weaknesses.
The lock grants access easily, though the hinges creak a bit. The air inside is stale; it's been at least a week, if not more, since the grounds have been touched, neatened so nature's wild streak doesn't worm its way past the gates of civilization. The inside is like any other coastal vacation home, light colors and high ceilings, an openness that's meant to instill vacation, maybe. Escape. The windows are large and the watery-tipped fingers of dusk are straggling through, intense pools of dying light gathering on the counter and floor. His keys are left on the table, sprawled across a letter with his name, in neat, block handwriting. His bag is dropped into an over-stuffed armchair facing a television as old as he is, probably.
So, for the most part, he keeps his mouth shut around Castiel. Not out of respect or blind admiration (the kind Sam still harbors silently), but for fear of being sent back, like the angel promised, if he didn't do exactly like Heaven asked. Heaven. He scoffs at its name, the connotations of gentle light and harmonious singing. It's all bullshit to him now because he knows the truth, or as much of it as he can glean from the angels he's met. And the truth is a bureaucracy, levels of angels doling out orders to the caste under them, scrambling around in the dark without His presence, the absent Daddy they're lost without. He takes satisfaction in the idea that God is MIA--it proves his theory that there's nothing out there watching innocent people's backs, that they're really all alone. He thinks, though, that an apathetic God might possibly be far worse than none at all.
“Please,” Castiel says, hand up and reaching, begging to be allowed. To be let in. To take liberties that would have come without a second thought before he declared himself God. For a horrible moment, stomach tight and the hairs on his arms electric, he thinks he'll be denied. That Sam will have finished with him, will have found nothing worth saving. He imagines the human turning on his heel, collecting his brother and leaving, forgetting Castiel's face without a second thought. But at the last second, a breath between them when he's ready to drop his palm back to his side, Sam relents, guides his hand to the angel's and allows their fingers to mesh like the knots of a fishing net. Castiel says nothing, though relief floods his vessel's blood as he guides the human's hand to his chest, placing it over a fast-beating heart.
and responsibility and constant fear. It melts as his father gathers him, ushers him closer. Dean breathes in the smell of deodorant, the kind he uses too, mixed with the pine of car freshener masking a hint of leather.
"Why are we here?" He asks. "Where is here?" Here looks like a flat field next to a lonely two-lane highway, a little stretch of nowhere, a place en route to a destination without ever being one itself.
He gets a quiet smile, and knows everything's going to be ok. He falls asleep that night, for the first time in what seems like forever, wanting to wake up the next day. Because he knows Cas will be there to share it, to walk with him through time until he leaves his body behind. Until they can go to the angel's home. Together.
He rolls, clambers onto hands and knees that will later regret sliding so quickly along the rough surface of the sand underneath him. But not now. Not when all he’s focused on is getting to Dean, and he does, hands on the thing’s shoulders, nails digging in, pushing so the monster’s staring suddenly up at him, eyes wide, cheeks wet.
like it hurts, and the wince that Sam can't hide from him emphasizes it, how his brother's body is turning against itself, turning inside out with the need for blood. “Gotta kill me. No vessel.”
threaten Dean's family as a gambit to get his help. Of all the ways to manipulate him, the angel has chosen the exact wrong path to trip down.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean mocks. “If Gabriel asks me for permission to court you, Sammy, I'm digging out Dad's shotgun.”
A chill skitters up Castiel's spine, cutting through his world gone soft and hazy. He looks up from the paper that's now shaking, the pulse in his fingers sped up, fueled by adrenaline. Unease is thick in his blood, and he can't help but wonder if the night is staring back into him.
right now, are you?” The smile he gives reveals chipped teeth, the black of rot working enamel down to the gums.
him, how it hurts so much to be alive, how he just wants it all to be over because Finn took his heart with him when he left, but as he looks into his lover’s eyes, the honey-warmth there, he realizes how empty it would sound.
moment, this understanding perfect is that Dean doesn't have to say anything. He can scoff and change the subject and posture on the outside, but the angel will always know the truth. His reverie is broken when Cas steps out of his personal space, motioning for Dean to follow.
the pain that flashes across Dean’s face, wants the hollow ache of whatever’s happening inside him. His tongue slicks his lips and he raises a balled fist, the sharp crack of it against Dean’s jaw satisfying enough that he hisses through his teeth, a warm wave of pleasure echoing the blow. Dean moans softly beneath him; from pleasure or pain, Castiel doesn’t know, but he does enjoy the shudder of the other man, the trembling of unsteady breath and deep grief.
Dean bites back fury, the wall of hate and anguish that boils up in him. The angel has taken his control, the only thing he has left over himself after hell. He says what happens to his body, who he touches, how he uses it. But
Nothing matters in nowhere,  until it does. Castiel's wake-up call is brutal, a sudden and jarring realization of what, exactly, is happening. He sees the Righteous man as he was in hell, bright like the North star in an abyss of agony and blindness, the shining impression of a body, a soul still lingering in human form. Castiel thinks he's dreaming, even though he's only done it once, a confusing barrage of images and sounds he'd slipped into during his stint as a mortal. But there's no other explanation, no way for a human soul to have made its way into his body. He houses only the passed-on supernatural, the remnants of things that go bump in the night. A ripple runs through him, anticipation and licked lips, saliva collecting behind teeth as the monsters decide in a single voice, that they
Castiel knows Dean must be seeing him, too, the life lived and the lives lost. Because though his heart beats and his lungs continue their forever in-out repeat pattern, he’s not living. Hasn’t for awhile, not when Finn is just out of reach; flitting through the back of his mind, caressing the tip of his tongue, keeping cold the ice in his heart.
Dean can't bring himself to say anything. The acknowledgment that he needs help is too much. He never had to ask when Sam was around. Kid had
“Why won't you let anyone just be grace here, Cas? Why do you stay corporeal?” Gabriel's catching on to something, eyes narrowing like a dog locking onto a scent. “Why won't you let anyone in?”
The kiss doesn’t consume him as their previous encounters had; this isn’t a pull that drags his soul up by the edges, a fight that leaves his insides in tatters and consciousness on shaky ground. This is warmth, the golden set of the sun as it breathes a goodbye to one part of the swiftly turning planet, leaving a glow on the skin of the mere mortals below. They’re vaulted into a shared space with an electricity that leaves both gasping at each other’s breath, hands clutching at arms but even physical touch is somehow far away, muted beneath the
Castiel's words come slowly, carefully under the strain of the proximity he has to a being he's only heard about before this.
“You've lost your wings, Castiel.” The man crosses his legs now and scoots a little closer, hand resting on the back of the bench. He reaches a hand up, dappled sunlight half-blocked by the surrounding trees shining on it like splattered paint, and presses rough fingertips to the god's lips. There is a gold ring on his index finger. Castiel's nervous system, or his vessel's, really, sends electricity to nerves that wait for a response, for body to follow mind and in this case to back away, teeth gnashing. But nothing happens. He is still and the man keeps touching, moving his fingers down to cup Castiel's chin before letting it drop back into his lap.
Nothing, no response, but there's a shift in him, a stretching, the sweet burn of something shaking itself out, straining every muscle before settling back in. It's not an option to be nervous because Cas is right there, in every cell and membrane, his entity laid out over Dean's. And he can feel it, the way he feels like home to Cas, though he can't believe it. How can he remind anyone of heaven, especially a being that's been there? Nevertheless, the intermingling of grace and soul calms Cas, brews peace, straining out the worry he has for Dean.
“Soon,” it assures the empty air, arching its back, a flick of the tail punctuation of its guarantee. It itches at its waist, frowning at the feeling of tight skin. It's too dark, though, to see how the scales there have lightened into a cast-over-morning grey.
, sending comfort and companionship through Dean. It's so full, so deep that he knows it must be real, that somehow the angel's grown attached to him, wants him around. But maybe it's deeper than that, maybe it's a need, a personal want. Because he's getting something, a low trill that he can't quite name because labeling would make it real. So he just revels in what he's being given, in the way that Cas is safe and solid around him. God, thinking about the angel brings up his human front, the eyes that Dean's his phantom heart thud that much harder, even here. And he knows Cas can feel it, can see straight through him, reading every thought and emotion that crosses his mind.
The water touches his toes. He slides off the underwear protecting an organ he's never used and steps into the lake. Its cool density settles around him, wrestling with his wings a bit, though eventually he finds his stride. Dean smiles at him, a brief little twitch of the lip, before his eyes slide shut and he's turning his face back up to the sky.
He slips into dreams and the movie continues, bathing him in the pale reflection of the tv's glow, the idle chatter and witty lines white noise against his dead-to-the-world ears. A press of lips on his forehead and he forgets the isolated house he's inherited, forgets the new lines in his forehead and slips away into the nothing embrace of a man that whispers his name soft as steam rising from a morning cup of coffee.
It's a trick. It has to be, the god's ice-cold illusions blinding him, tricking him. This can't be real, but oh, he wishes it was because his life has never been touched by something so pure. It's powerful, the god.
A few feet away, something splashes in the water, a vague shape Castiel only half-catches with a quick turn of his head. He's thankful, almost, because looking at Dean's face, the emptiness in those prism eyes and the tight stretch of loss seeping out of every pore is overwhelming. His breath hisses away and he closes his eyes.
extra. He houses Dean within himself, the soul flush against his grace and burrowing closer, deeper with every beat of his vessel's heart. Castiel gasps, stomach dropping to the soles of his feet as his grace shifts and flutters within him, drawing the soul close, playfully circling around it, cupping it like water sifted through hands.
He works on cars in Bobby's yard, breaking things down to put them back together better than before. He sees the symbolism of it, but can only laugh at it dryly. Time passes and he doesn't feel better or worse, just an endless cycle of the same. Gabriel sticks around, pretends he's bored of being a trickster, of teaching humans a lesson. He says they probably deserve a break right about now. He and Sam think Dean doesn't see the smolder of avoided touches when he's around, the trail of gazes as they map out the other's movements, adjusting to each other like second nature. He lets them keep their illusion, knows the rush of hidden lust. He hopes it's more than that for Sam, that there's
. He is dressed casually, jeans and a long t-shirt and worn tennis shoes. Castiel doesn't know who he is, though that doesn't bother the new god. He is safe, the souls within a hurricane of power that's more than replaced his shredded grace. Maybe this man is a demi-god, here to bow down, to pledge himself to Castiel. To ally himself to the new master of the universe.
. The thoughts are thick as folios, words whipped like baseballs. Secret and monster and protection all turn up, but none of it means anything because all it does is reinforce a fact he can't come to terms with, can't accept. The thing in the lake is real. It's not his imagination. His uncle picked him.
compulsion of his angel. That had scared him more than anything, the effect of Famine on Cas' vessel. Anchoring his Grace to the corporeal left him open, vulnerable in ways Dean had never thought about. And it was because of
“Awww, don’t get upset,” he continues, fingers on the other man’s waist, scratching at the dried scales there. “Not over me, anyway. You’re not looking too good right now.”
“Yeah,” Dean's not used to seeing his own head tilt like that, angled jaw and chin cocked, thoughtful. “It might.” Like a curtain falling over a stage, Dean's sight melts away into blackness when Cas closes his eyes.
Slowly, Castiel becomes aware that there’s a slight weight on his shoulder, a tentative presence that neither squeezes with comfort, nor clasps in friendship. It just is.
He likes the pattern, can hold onto it like a rope dangled over a cliff, can use it as a lifeline against the tsunami rising inside that insists he tastes more of Dean, the heady elixir that has his head separated into puzzle pieces scattering further apart with each passing moment.
Castiel doesn't visit Earth. He's not forbidden from doing so; no one is. It's encouraged now. Angels are to see their brethren, the other children of their father, instead of gazing upon them from far away where judgment is easy and hatred can grow. And they come back, all of them, even the angels he himself had a hand in destroying, changed. They've been made different, given a gift Castiel still can't figure out. But he doesn't want to. Not now. He wants to stay in his heaven and forget while everyone else does the same. He doesn't visit the other angels in their own places of paradise, a changing landscape that houses more and more mortal souls, overlapping with celestial beings. He wants to disappear. Maybe it would be different if he could forget. Maybe it would mean more if he felt like himself. But all there is now is a hollow space where things he used to care about, maybe, were once held.
take me to—” He looks around, takes in a rolling field, a lake and a small house perched on top of a gentle hill.
Castiel opens his eyes to find a room, a comfortable torture chamber. Blood on the walls, on the floor pooling around Dean's body. His human is broken and sightless though his eyes are open. Lips gasp for breath that doesn't come, skin cracked with dried blood. And all of it was done by his own hand. He sinks to the floor, knees hitting heavy, hands drifting out to touch the cold, coagulating blood. He streaks skin red, war-paint lines across his cheeks as he covers his face, hiding from the brutality he inflicted without thought, without regret. He'd been greedy for the Righteous man's soul, the need for just a little more. His shame, his sorrow is hot, pooling in his stomach like acid.
“Ow,” he whispers to himself, head falling to the side. He doesn’t open his eyes yet, though, preferring to slowly take stock of the rest of himself. To see what else has been maimed in the showdown between himself and the thing in the lake.
, just like old days but better because he can't betray himself. He doesn't stop for air, barely cleans his knives before sinking them into new targets.
“How sorry are you, Dean? Huh?” He traces the other man’s jaw, the light stubble there, fingers scratching at the sharp-angled bone. “You’ve turned me into a monster, Dean, so sorry—”
allowed him to keep his pride and silently got off on schooling his brother. He chokes on a sob that comes out garbled, but that's good enough for Cas, who draws him in like a breath, and Dean feels himself flowing, being pulled
words while its body howled for the man to come closer, to let it taste and bite and feed. It had been shaken, that's all. Unsure of why it lost consciousness, why it woke up in the man's arms, lips pressed to his. The human should have wanted to run, should have left it there to drown, though it wouldn't have.
The glass-surface lake is a calming shush-shush that flows with the beat of his too-calm heart, a muscle eased by the miracle bonds of chemicals he'd swallowed down at a rest stop an hour or so ago; lithium, Vicodin. They make it easier. And yet the placidity of the water sends a hot-slick bolt of anger through him, sliding like a snake along the puzzle-piece notches of his spine. His fingers reach for the ground and he comes back with a handful of rocks, jagged, smooth, sand a buffer between the contrasting surfaces. The peace of the water is broken and his lips curve up, a mirthless little smirk that twists already angular features, a sharp jaw and nose, generous lips thinning, bloodless as they're pressed together. Empty-handed, he turns toward the house.
“What did you see, Dean?” He’s smiling now, a shark’s grimace that’s comfortable to sink into as a warm bath. The anger feels good in his veins, the thrum a roar of a car engine as it winds. “You saw my dead lover?”
Gabriel comes to visit him. Castiel glances up to see a flash of white shining eyes, grace tearing at the seams, burnt wings in the aftermath and goes pale at the sight of the other angel.
It's strange, the gaze that flows calmly over him, a shallow flit so unlike the other Castiel's deep dark searches, a careless sort of motion that shows just how insignificant the three mortals in the room truly are. It's quiet; Castiel's threats have just tumbled into the air between them and they're still absorbing into broken skin, lapping at the cuts still dribbling lazy blood. Dean takes inventory of his wounds, the aches in his legs and the shooting electric grind working its way down the veins in his forearm. He is tired. He is tired enough to lay down on the stinking, body-part strewn cement and never, ever get up. Fighting is all he's ever known, and its price came with a carving knife that's worked silently for years. It's only now he sees he's more concave than anything, bone carved sharp so all it can do is hurt, tear and rip and break. He could turn his head a fraction, stare at the shocked pull of Sam and Bobby's faces, the narrowed eyes and thin lips, but then the god's attention would veer toward them too. They still have themselves, have rebellion perched on their jaws, locked between teeth. Enough to keep them going where he has run dry.
The house looms, finally, and he's distracted, thinks only of delving into cool sheets and letting the afternoon slip by. The groceries are heavy, but taking two trips is out of the question, so his arms are loaded as he turns to go into the house, kicking the car door shut as he eases of of it backwards.
Castiel holds a piece of wrinkled paper in his hand, though it's been smoothed, pressed flat with now-dry hands. He glances down at the gibberish, then back at his laptop. It had overheated on the bed, motor running too hot during his strange excursion. He takes his tasks in steps. Getting dressed was the easiest; legs through shorts, arms through a shirt, pull up, pull down, finished. Fishing the forgotten note off the floor had been more difficult. It had been surrounded by the drops of his bloody nose, a reminder of the bizarro world he'd opened the door to, the key lost in the shuffle.
Dean sits on the bumper of some relic from the forties, grease coating his hands, soaking into the edges of his jeans. The sun starts to burn below the horizon, casting the washed-out blue of the sky gold, magnificent beams filtering through clouds. It's priceless, the sight, beautiful in a way that can't be repeated.
He moans at the struggle, an ugly whining sound that surrounds him, enhanced by the bathroom's acoustics. He's still clutching at the angel, weaving fingers through mostly-dry hair when he's brought back to standing and opens his eyes, finding himself nose-to-nose with Cas. He knows how he must look, too depleted to even stand, body shaking with fatigue. It's humiliating, especially in the face of such power and control. But when he hides behind eyelashes that drip tap-water tears, the pads of fingers come to rest on his jaw and he slides his gaze back up. A moment later the tiny hairs are touching skin again, but not his. They rest in a butterfly kiss on Cas' cheek while his mouth receives the real deal, a heated affair of wet lips that nip lightly before parting, crossing boundaries, taking steps that can't be undone. When the angel slicks his tongue over Dean's with no real technique, but enough passion to more than make up for it, he forgets that he's naked and kissing a celestial being. His mind shorts out, knows only now, this moment, this second, the hand that touches his hip, trailing up, up, until it crosses over onto the scar that's still shiny, still looks new. The brush of digits over it almost sends Dean to his knees, but Cas holds him like he's the most important thing in the world, grip strong, sure.
Whiskey-toned eyes, just a shade too bright, pin him with their unblinking gaze. He is turned to stone, mouth open, trying to form the words of an explanation that doesn’t come. There’s nothing.
He knows he'll never say the words, but he thinks them, means them, and if the angel chooses to read his mind, hey. Shit happens.
Sam rattles the chains, clinking them against the metal bed frame. He winks at Dean, lowering a lid over one of the horrible eyes before breaking into a wide smile.
The first thing Dean feels when he's back in the motel is hunger. He's curled onto a bed that countless have slept on before in some anonymous town, but now the floor doesn't feel like it's falling out from under him. He's still weak, still covered in bruises, cuts and the crusted remnants of his own blood, but the muscles of his back don't feel as taxed, as weighed down like normal when he's busy imitating Atlas.
“You're serious.” Dean isn't looking at Castiel. He's staring just past, over the angel's head, at the wings that won't go back to ether, tucked safely between the dimensions of tangibility and sight.
“You rebuilt him,” Cas cuts Gabriel off before he can start, stares wide-eyed at his brother. Dean can't read anything negative from the words, but he's never seen Cas so surprised, so in awe of one of his own kind.
of what it wants. He's looking at the vessel again, the stony blue and his eyes tear because he feels so
It looks into the mirror, noting the sheen of Its eyes, the even pallor of skin that makes blue veins in his face stand out like kites in the sky. A glance down at Its wrists reveal an intricate pattern of scales emerging, some already breaking the skin, replacing the pale scheme of humanity with something more permanent, more durable. Stiff legs carried it back into the house, muscles not quite working as they should, but that sends a flame of pleasure through the lower part of his stomach, excitement and arousal hot underneath cool skin. The changes excite it, beckon it toward forever, and now it’s ready to come willingly.
The coffee, though. It hasn’t lost his taste and he drinks deep, sighing in contentment at the rich darkness of it, the milk just creamy enough to keep it from bitterness. His fingers trace the rim of the cup when he’s emptied it, scooting out of the way when the waitress (
And Dean does. He sees that Castiel feels more than he ever could, on levels far beyond his comprehension. His own range feels like a thimble in relation to the angel's ocean, a superficial joke.
“Do you think I’m damned?” Dean asks. His voice is steady, but the twitch of his jaw, the down-pull of bitten lips shows the brewing storm beneath a calm surface.
to be a little closer to human. Because like this, with the other man so obviously not of this world, Dean is constantly reminded of a rescuer, constantly reminded of what he was rescued from.
to sit in the front seat while Dad was salting some poor bastard's bones.” He closes his eyes, lets the memory drift over him.
He feels something give way, pull loose like hair from a head and knows, before he holds his hand up to the moonlight, what’s happened, but he looks just the same. His hand is covered, dry, crumbling flakes of scales falling off even as he tries to examine them.
Dean is alone in the room for longer than he knows. There is nothing to tell time. There is no marker of any passage at all, save for the circular motion of his thoughts, the
Water clings to the hair on Dean's arm. Castiel's fingers itch to chase the liquid away, to smooth his hands over the tanned forearm, to pull the human close.
But he’s pulled back by the sight of pale skin floating on water, still skin that hasn’t found the will to tread its way to the shore. His hands shake as he guides the man out of the lake, turns him on his stomach and beats at his back, trying to banish water from unready lungs.
“I've seen a lot lately,” he says through stiff lips, avoiding the gold haze of Gabriel's laughing eyes. A hand, smaller than his own slides down his cheek and he
His computer sits in front of him, having gone into hibernation mode. Something hits his lap light like a drop of water, a hollow sound of wet on skin. He brings his hand to his nose. It's bleeding.
There's no warning for the agony that comes with his answer, the ripping-tearing-breaking of a purge that should have happened after he killed Rafael. He's been carrying the souls around for too long; they've dug in, begun feasting on the parts of him he let fall by the wayside; empathy, caring, common sense. All of them are putrid, festering, a grace-deep sting that lets up only when the last soul slips past his teeth like a trickle of bile, destroyed by his father without a second thought.
“I’m hungover.” One step back, two. “I’m really, really hungover and I’m going to get something greasy and disgusting to eat now.” The lake doesn’t answer when he turns back toward the house, going in only for his keys. He drives away, the warning from the letter loud in his ears.
“Humans,” he continues, hands dropping back to his sides. “It's like you were set up to fail from the start, given only language to use with one another.” Cas sits next to him, their shoulders almost brushing. “You can't ever fully know anyone else when you only have words. Words don't mean anything because they come so easily, so you only have yourself. But when James' daughter was my vessel, when he could have gone to Heaven and left all this behind,” he gestures out at a world Dean knows is chaotic, rotting under human influence, “and he chose to take me in again, I—I think I got a piece of why you're so special, so different.” The angel almost sounds hesitant, a tone Dean's never heard in him before.
to become a part of the god like countless others have, monsters, demons, angels. Collateral damage. All of them. But Dean just shrugs them off, rising over their reaching hands, the grasp they would try to trap him in.
But with each shudder, each hitch and hot-streaked tear that falls from him, Castiel gets lighter. Hands unclench and the straining muscles of his back relax. He sighs into the ground, eyes sticky with sand, burning as he tries not to dig the heels of his hands in to scratch. Hands and knees work better than legs at the moment, so he crawls toward the bank of the lake and only thinks better of it once before plunging forward. The water opens its arms and brushes his skin like a lover, clearing the sand and his eyes. It's cool against naked skin, clothes forgotten, shame left behind like a book forgotten on a bus. He allows himself to sink, the pleading of his lungs for air only a mild discomfort, something to forget for a moment while he pretends nothing exists.
“I did.” But the angel's expression doesn't change, doesn't transition into rejection or hate or anything else Dean expects. “But first, Dean—when do you know demons to say anything but what will help them achieve their goals?”
“Dean,” he's looking up and down the man in question's body, concern pushing eyebrows down, making the blue stand out even more against the black. Dean knows he's being peered
“Are you joining team free will, Cas?” If he squints, Dean thinks, maybe, that the angel might be almost-smiling.
“I don’t understand,” Dean mutters, and maybe in spite of himself, he takes a step forward, one bare foot in front of the other, gripping the wood underneath him tight as the real world falls away.
There are footfalls behind him, then hands on his back, rubbing in circles a few times before dragging him back, up. He doesn't need to turn, doesn't need to speak to know who it is because the care in the touch, the easy way he's lifted only points to one person. As soon as he's on his feet, though, he pushes away from the support, shaking legs navigating to the sink to gargle Listerine until he can't taste his insides anymore. He looks in the mirror, ignores his own pale face, meeting the gaze of Cas' reflection. The glare he gives it would make most people back off, but the angel isn't people and just steps closer, peering through the walls Dean throws up.
"Will you let me show you?" God, the angel's eyes are blue. And they're too much, too intense, so Dean blurts out a yes before he can think of any repercussions, and then the blue is gone, hidden by eyelashes and closed lids. Castiel's vessel starts to sway before toppling completely, falling to the ground heavily. Dean would have tried to catch it, to keep it from colliding with the unforgiving earth, but he can't move, is suddenly in the backseat of his own body, his mind.
“I didn't understand, at first.” Cas is in front of him now and fuck, he doesn't want to be seen like this, turned his back for a reason, but hands, long-fingered and delicate for a man, the pallor of the skin almost giving them a glow, reach for him confidently, an unwavering gesture that's completed with small swipes of the fingers, brushing salty warmth off Dean's face.
The drowse left behind in Castiel’s body after he’s been wracked by ecstasy’s electric release draws him back toward sleep, but the cooling stickiness on his thighs is enough to pull back from it, to get up and head stiff-legged to the bathroom.
“You explain it, wonderboy,” Gabriel snarks, though he just looks tired and the words aren't said with enough ire to annoy Dean. “He'll probably take it easier coming from you. And I don't want to play twenty-questions right now.”
He's not solid. He's light behind skin, a luminescence just a step away from his true form. His body is taller, his hair longer but just as dark, plastered across his forehead by water and sand.
Cas moves his face better these days, can imitate and maybe even understand the expressions that match his words. So when sadness wrinkles his forehead and helplessness drifts through the hand still connected to Dean, he already has his answer.
, he manages, voice thick. Because now he knows, now he understands that this apocalypse, this train wreck of a future they're heading for is breaking the angel up as much as it is Dean's own family. Without thinking, he does what comes instinctively for him: touch. Though it isn't, not really, but he expands, somehow, the ball of his soul unfolding a bit until it strokes the surrounding grace, flushing up against it until they intertwine, become suspended together as one. It's the closest Dean's ever come to bliss without sex, a bitter realization because he knows he won't ever feel it again.
He's asked. And then he's inside himself, looking at what has to be his soul, a pinpoint star surrounded by a nebulous cloud of power. It's beautiful, but he only has a moment to admire it before he's pulled in further, until he's nothing
“Dean,” Cas begins as the other angel sits heavily in an overstuffed armchair in the corner next to Sam's bed (never taking his eyes off the younger hunter, Dean notes). “Gabriel has done to Sam what I did to you when I took you from hell.” He continues before he can be interrupted, before the incredulity that blooms across Dean's face can be solidified into questions and interruptions and misunderstanding.
“No,” It’s a sluggish response, one spoken into Dean’s mouth, but with a tilt of his head Castiel frees himself, eyes rolling to the sky’s endless haze, a shade so similar to his own.
But he pauses, just before leaving the room. “Some things,” he doesn't turn back, doesn't look at either of them, “are worth fighting for.” And then he's gone, the door closing softly behind, and he and Cas are left alone with Sam, who remains blissfully unaware.
“No.” He pets Sam's hair, runs fingers over a forehead, looks his brother in the eye. “I won't let you, ok?” he promises, blinking hard to clear his vision. The water lands on Sam's face, staying still on his cheeks for a moment before trailing away to collect at his chin. “I'll always be here.” He hears Sam's breath catch, can feel the heaviness in his soul. “Just like when we were young. I'm not going anywhere. And neither are you.”
"Sam is my blood," he says. "And you, you're nothing. You have no blood, no kin. You call the angels your brothers and sisters, but what does that even mean to you?" He's aware of the pulsing electricity in Castiel's eyes, which have turned a rather dark color, that of an incoming storm over a forever horizon. But hey, he's already dug the ditch, so why not lay in it? "Do you
“Dean!” He bellows at the water. Fury is like lightning in his voice, streaking through it, dragging a current of power through the desperation. The humanity. Again he shouts the monster’s name, fists balled at his side, blood dripping onto the pavement now, splattering across his legs when he brings his hands to his head, choking on disbelief.
he replies, and though it feels like something's been wrenched from him as the word leaves his mind, it doesn't matter. A moment later, the world gives way to a white he'd happily drown in.
Castiel's moving, stumbling through the confines of his own mind now because somewhere Dean is there and he's
“Please,” Dean whispers, seeing Sam in his head, a lighter, carefree person he doesn't know anymore. “We have to try.” Cas doesn't say anything for a long moment, but he traces his thumb across Dean's lip before evaporating into nothing.
“'Mm tired,” he slurs into the broad shoulder his face has been pressed into. And then he's gone again.
“I know I can’t be forgiven, Castiel. I know that what I did was terrible, and there is no going back from that. But until yesterday, until I—”
He doesn’t want to look at it, doesn’t want to explore the mutation that’s warped his mind and body, but curious fingers don’t listen to a stern mind and so they reach down, sliding over the strangely rough surface. It’s not supposed to feel like that, right? He remembers fishing as a child, shrieking in delight over catching his first fish, the alien animal wriggling in his hands after his father had taken the hook out. It had been slippery, a gloss of slick scales and powerful muscle.
Dean is honey slow with the ministrations of his tongue. He parts Castiel's lips and sighs almost imperceptibly when he's allowed in, when the heat of him passes into the angel's cooler mouth. Dean is dark cherry so strong it's almost alcoholic, the bitter tang of dark chocolate a fleeting aftertaste on Castiel's tongue.
It's not a question he asks himself, ever. If he stops to think, if he lets his mind slip into a place where he doesn't need to hunt or kill or bear the responsibility of being a pawn for 'the greater good,' the things he comes up with, the stable images of a home and friends and maybe even people he loves, taunt him. He'll never have normal. Not after all he's seen. Not after hell. So asking him to imagine anything but the hunt, the uncomfortable beds and itchy sheets and glaze-eyed driving is like torture because it's salt in a wound, makes him lust for what's just out of reach. Sam never got that, either. Then again, he'd had a chance at normal, at least for a little while—and it was
“I'll keep that in mind,” Cas says, releasing him, calling the essence that surrounds Dean back into his own body. Dean would answer, but he's trying to remember how air works. Every time he tries to slide back into despair, to wave the white flag, Cas catches him, bolsters and supports in a way no one else, ever, has. The moments of doubt, the grief and resentment over being chosen to save the world, the temptation to just let it all fall to pieces disappears because he's reminded of why he fights, the reason to keep going. He can't let Cas down, can't let the angel's faith in him die. And he can't let the world burn, not when he knows other people are having moments like this all (though probably toned-down human versions) over, are letting their masks slip in the face of love's clarity.
Just as he was about to step into the kitchen, Dean storms out and Sam couldn't help what he did next. Sam walked right up to his brother and gave him the hardest punch he could muster. He did it for himself, he did it for Castiel, and he did it for Dean because sometimes the only way to wake Dean up from his idiotic ways is a good soc to the jaw.
"Did you make these, Dean?" Castiel asked in a whisper as he went to touch them as delicately as possible.
“So you know how I told you that there was something new that I thought we could try in bed? But that it’s a little more complicated than normal sex and requires something I called a safe word?” Dean said in a rush. The other man nodded. “Well…this kind of plays into that, but it’s not intense enough to require rules and a safe word, ok?” Once more he was met with a simple nod. “And um…it sometimes calls for feminization,” he finished at a near whisper. This time Castiel looks genuinely confused. “Wearing women’s clothing, Cas. Underwear or lingerie, specifically.”
"Please, what?" Castiel purred in the blond's ear. He continued to rock his hips up and down, but with more force. He was becoming desperate.
. The following morning, Castiel walked into the kitchen to find that Sam was already making coffee.
"Let's uh...let's head out to the bunker. I'll check your wounds before we go," Dean choked out. He hastily got out of the bed and locked himself in the bathroom to get ready.
"Sammy!" he exclaimed in a loud whisper. (You know...an intense yell, that's been muffled) Said figure got up quickly and turned around to face his brother with tears in his surprised eyes.
"We are both in rather embarrassing states of undress already, Dean, and this isn't real." Dean is too confused and horny to comprehend that statement right now and let Castiel continue, "It will feel real, however, when I'm through with you."
" He squeezed Dean's rapidly forming erection firmly and captured the resulting moan with his mouth.
chance you get to see me, Dean, I want you there with me. I don't care if it's for five seconds or five years. Just
"Yes." The word was hardly out of his mouth before Dean pulled back and set a slow rhythm, ending each forward thrust with a roll of his hips. The hunter continued showering his Angel with kisses, running a hand through his hair and pulling slightly to gauge a reaction out of him. The low groan and scratch of fingers down his back were a positive indication that Dean was pushing all the right buttons so far but there was one thing that seemed just outside of his gras-
"Either way, the Queen would be pleased if we can bring those two in. She wants to rip Crowley to shreds and she's really looking forward to wearing Dean. I wonder what's so special about him? I mean other than the waves of utter fuckability he gives off."
"Never heard of it. Are you making this up? If you are, I'll kill you. No qualms whatsoever," replied Dean as he pulled out Ruby's knife to reinforce his statement.
"I bet they were the were prettiest little things, too. All fluffy and white. I'm so sorry that Metatron tricked you," Dean said forlornly. He gained a frown when he heard the Angel chuckling.
." The green-eyed man could hear his Angel sniffle through his outburst and he knew he'd said the right thing. He was the luckiest man alive to be loved by an Angel.
Castiel smirked a little to himself at that and looked at Dean with a predatory look in his eyes. "So...essentially, you are in top form to wrestle with a werewolf? Does that mean you are ready for other forms of rigorous exercise?" Castiel had to mentally applaud himself on his progress in catching and making verbal sexual advances.
"It means it was freaking me out. I thought I was gonna get eaten for a second there." Dean gasped when that feral look was back on his Angel's face. For one scary moment, the eldest Winchester was worried that Castiel knew about his sexual quirks. He likes to pretend he loves control but honestly, in bed...he's always been the one to relinquish. Fuck. Hadn't Castiel said he'd been watching him? The look he's receiving now tells Dean that the Angel knows that he knows.
“Do you have any?” inquired the angel. Dean nodded shyly without meeting Castiel’s gaze, biting his lip in his nervousness. “Let me see.” Dean made his way to his duffle where began to rummage and sift through his clothing, reaching far into the corners of the bag before he finally began to straighten back up. He didn’t bother turning to face Castiel before putting his thumbs through the waistband of his boxers and dropping them to the floor. Dean bent forward and put the pink satin panties on one leg at a time. Tantalizingly slowly, he brought the delicate garment up his beautifully bowed legs and rounded globes.
"When I ask you to do something...I do not need you to question me. I am a professor and as such, I expect obedience. I will give clarity when clarity is due. Am I understood?" Castiel was now giving Dean a no nonsense look that sent a violent shiver down his spine. "Am I understood, Dean?" asked Castiel with more force and rough tug of hair when he didn't receive an immediate answer.
When he finally returned to Heaven, he was reprimanded by Uriel. He was not to interfere in his charge's life until he received his orders from higher up.
Castiel nodded along to show he agreed with Sam. "And I feared rejection, Dean. I had no way of knowing how you would respond, and I would rather suffer in silence and continue to bask in your presence as a friend than not at all."
The boys had gotten their usual two queens special when they stopped into a town for the hunt. They still chuckle to themselves at the odd looks they receive when three grown men ask for a room with only two beds. Dean usually throws them a salacious wink as he grabs the keys.
Somewhere in the Midwest, Dean and Crowley are unknowingly being followed by a horde of demons loyal to Abaddon.
"Apparently there is a line, love. You needn't worry about my intentions, Angel, only your lover's. All not well in Paradise?" the demon smirked snugly.
"Is this what you guys have been doing this whole time? Coming up with stupid shit? Did you learn ANYTHING while I was gone?"
.” Dean started blatantly checking out the man in front of him from top to bottom, his tongue hungrily wetting his lips.
"I hope you don't," Castiel says barely audible. Not for the Angel's sake, but for his own. Dean is not ready to face the truth behind his missing memories.
"Sam, I need you to understand that there are going to be things I cannot tell you because they are not mine to tell," the Angel spoke sternly. When the other man nodded, he continued. "I was created knowing that I would be the one to raise Dean Winchester: The Righteous Man. I embarked on my mission the moment Dean's soul crossed the gates of Hell. It took me 35 years to reach him, and when I did, Dean had already spent five years off the rack. He had tarnished his soul by torturing others, and I needed to fix it before I could even think of raising him out. It took five years, but I was finally able to heal Dean's soul enough to raise him."
"Cas. Cas, what's wrong? Did I hurt you? Why didn't you say something?" asked Dean in a hurry. He quickly pulled off of the shorter man to check for bleeding and noticed that Castiel wasn't even aroused anymore. He started when Castiel placed a palm on his face, and used the other to guide Dean's member back to his entrance.
"Are you sure, Crowley?" the Angel spoke barely audible. He couldn't help the shiver that ran down his spine at the implications if their findings were true.
The grip on his hair was on the right side of painful and he did nothing to stop the groan it caused which was answered with a moan from the man above him. Dean once more closed his eyes and focused on creating suction and twisting his tongue in the way he knew would drive Castiel crazy. He lost track of time as he was guided back and forth on the massive length in his mouth.
“God, Dean, you have a fetish, I swear,” Sam groaned from his bed. He was just a lump on his bed since was trying his best to actually go to sleep.
Hours later, Sam and Kevin finally make it to the bunker just in time to see Charlie and Castiel in the kitchen cooking dinner.
"Oh, shit. Look at that pretty mouth of yours taking me in." Castiel hummed around his cock and slowly pumped his own member in his hand as he continued pleasing Dean with his mouth. All too suddenly, in Dean's opinion, Castiel was standing up before him and pressing his fingers to Dean's mouth. Taking the hint, he opened his mouth and coated his fingers in saliva and released them with a 'pop'. Castiel proceeded to take his hand behind him and insert the digits one by one as he stretched himself. When he felt he was ready, he hoisted himself onto Dean's lap and slowly took him in. He paused briefly before he started a slow rhythm. "Fuck, Cas, you're so tight, baby," panted Dean as he started to meet Castiel thrust for thrust.
Castiel smirked and bit his lip while flipping his attention between his Hunter's eyes and lips before answering, "I'd been made knowing that I would be the one to raise the Righteous Man from Perdition, Dean, I merely took the initiative to
"Who knew you could be this naughty, sweetheart?" Dean panted, "This is so fucking hot, baby, damn. I'm getting close."
"I guess we get the last laugh, don't we?" grumbled Castiel from under the sheets. Their laughter was met with angry, threatening texts from Sam.
"Fuck, this is so hot, Cas," Dean gasped as he wrapped his arms around the angel's neck. As he stared into blue eyes, he found he was no longer able to exist without knowing the flavor of the man in front of him and he roughly brought their lips together. He was pleased to find that Castiel kissed as if he were the best thing he'd ever tasted, and a whimper escaped from his lips to be answered by a growl from the other man. "Baby, please," Dean pleaded desperately, hardly any distance between them. Castiel's kisses left Dean feeling as if he was being consumed and renewed all at once. They parted once more with Dean feeling purified.
