“The English is just fine.” John wrapped Sherlock up in his arms, hugging him tight. “Merry Christmas, love.”
Holmes set down his tea and leaned forward, eyes sparkling. “I’ve a better idea.”
“In the news. I’ve been out of communication, remember? Have I missed anything? Any crimes?”
Moran brought the gun almost lazily to bear on John, and John dropped the little bottle—quickly, in case Moran noticed they weren’t actually ear drops—and raised his empty hands. Moran gestured with the gun. “A few steps to the right.”
“I didn’t shag him!” Sherlock protested.
Anderson leaned forward. “Listen to me. Everything’s changed now. Tomorrow the Cabinet takes up the question of war with France before it goes to Parliament. We
They kept to a walk up to the gate, where John waved to the porter, wondering how Lord Sherlock had planned to get past him if he made it out of the barn. He had no idea why they were leaving the grounds at all—Sherrinford Hall’s parkland seemed practically endless to John—and he assumed they were headed to town, so he was surprised when they reached the road and Lord Sherlock turned right.
“Come in, come in. This is my partner, Miles.”
John worked with Callisto for an hour and then brought her back to the paddock, where he was surprised to see Tom and Ned leading the riding horses into the stable. “Are they back already?” he asked. “That was a short ride.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “At Cambridge with you? Some peer? Really, Mycroft. Get out of the last century.”
They crawled onto the thin mattress and then the humor of the situation suddenly struck them both and they began laughing, doubled over and trying to stifle the noise in each other’s shoulders.
Sherlock peered at the computer screen and looked up at John with such an expression of dismay that John burst out laughing. “How long have you been working on this anyway? Looks like you’re overdue for a break.”
Sherlock’s face was utterly devoid of expression. “But you said…”
Not John, then. No one could ever describe John’s clothes as good. “No. He’s not with me.”
“Of course I warned him. You were never going to return his feelings, even he could see it.” Mycroft’s face was impassive, but his voice was coldly disdainful. “All my brother’s gifts, his brilliant mind, his
“Oh, I think you know that already.” That tiny hint of icy amusement again. “Jim Moriarty.”
John had to hand it to Irene: she had the best poker face he’d ever seen. “And you think I know the king.”
“I was watching for your light,” he said breathlessly. “Have you heard?”
John took the draught without complaint. He had seen Sherlock’s colorless eyes falling away from him every time he tried to rest all day, and dreaded another night of bad dreams. He settled into his cot to take to let the draught take effect, hoping for a clear head and good news in the morning.
John had got his eyes open now. The man was a great bear of a beta, with a graying bushy beard and a hunting rifle pointed at the ground.
John kept his hands in place as Sherlock shuddered through the aftershocks and then carefully detached himself and wiped off on Sherlock’s shirt. He had some thought of putting his arms around him--the way Sherlock was still pressed into his neck seemed to require some kind of reciprocal gesture--and perhaps even settling him onto John’s lap for a bit of a cuddle, but when John let go his shirt Sherlock surprised him by lifting his head and easing himself off the chair. He stood there for a moment, looking, as he usually did at this point, as if he’d been rebooted and hadn’t yet come back online; but there was something bewildered and almost questioning in his dazed expression, as though he couldn’t quite comprehend what had just happened. He blinked for a moment before turning without a word and setting off for the bath.
“What about you?” John asked when he was sure his voice was steady again. “Was there anyone for you? Before, I mean.”
For Sherlock’s part, it took him a ridiculously long time to realize that he was smitten. He was used to people being dazzled and intimidated by him, but John was the first person who saw
“So his back—“ Owen said.
“What’s next, then?” John asked.
As time went on the past—both of their pasts--mattered less. Sherlock’s vulnerability drew from John a tenderness he had never been able to express with anyone else; it made him realize how guarded he had always been, how much of himself he had held back. He held nothing back from Sherlock. Sherlock needed his whole heart, all the love and affection John could give him; Sherlock
“Still don’t know what you’re talking about.” There was the distant sound of a door closing and the tap tap tap of Mrs. Hudson’s shoes coming along the corridor. Watson put the umbrella into Sherlock’s hand and folded his fingers around the handle. “Stay dry out there,” he said softly, and melted away into the gloom behind the stairs just as Mrs. Hudson emerged.
“If it means we can stay here, then yes.”
“No, I don’t mind, it’s lovely! I never thought of a whole room.” John had been born and raised in a one-room cottage, and even after graduating from the hayloft had shared a chamber at Sir Willoughby’s with three other boys. He had never even had a bed to himself, let alone a bedroom.
“No argument there,” Ryan said. “Araceli Hernandez.” Sherlock heard Roz sigh. The woman in the picture was beautiful, with porcelain skin and enormous dark eyes, her smile almost childlike in its sweetness.  “Graphic designer, Houston, worked from home. I think we’re all familiar with the case. Story on the crib was…”
“He’s fine. Listen, James, I’m sorry again—“
“It’s a thing on the internet. There are pictures of groups of children with the Slender Man in the background, and then supposedly one of the children vanishes.”
“I hope that wasn’t meant as advice,” Sherlock said grumpily. He was wrapped in his second best dressing gown, curled in his chair and scowling. “I don’t see why you need to go to lunch. She could just send you an email.”
John sighed and considered his options. He could go back to the flat, but it would probably be empty; Sherlock had likely stormed off to who knows where—Moran’s, possibly. John had mixed feelings about that. If getting tied up and his arse smacked would settle Sherlock down after that debacle, John didn’t have the heart to grudge it to him, no matter how bitter and jealous he might feel. Of course, it was always possible Sherlock
” Sherlock had slid his hand down and back up, twisting, stroking with his thumb, oh God John was either going to come or he was going to die, teetering on the knife edge of oversensitive, but Sherlock kept going, picking up speed and not slowing this time, and John felt the rush of orgasm like an electric shock along every nerve in his lower body. He clenched his teeth against another cry, terrified Sherlock would slow down again, but when the force of it hit him he lost control completely and came shouting like a madman.
The morphine improved the situation immensely. John was feeling pleasantly hazy and comfortable, if increasingly cold, when a smiling Asian man swam into view.
“Well, I didn’t look, did I? Sam, come here.”
“That Bridie is a stubborn one, you have to coax her to drink,” he was fretting as John tugged him across the courtyard. “I don’t know that Sister has the patience for it.”
They ate without hurry, half watching the telly over the bar, John grinning at Mycroft’s dry commentary on the news. John knew there was no rushing Mycroft; he would get around to the purpose for this meeting in his own good time.
The car was another battered Land Rover, but the driver was a beta woman about Angus’ age, with thick curly hair springing loose from an untidy plait. “Isla Crawford,” she said cheerfully, shaking their hands. Two children had jumped out of the back of the car, pulling a large cardboard box between them. “Did ye pass the night all right? I’ve brought some bacon rolls, there’s not much in the way of breakfast food here. Ah, ye’ve made the bed! Ye needn’t have done. Kirsty, take that heap of linens out to the car and Arun, see to the towels. Put that box by the fire. I’ve brought some clothes,” she said in explanation. “Things people left behind, back when the place was a proper hunting lodge; ye won’t stand out so much that way.”
Sherlock basked in John’s smile, feeling extraordinarily warm and content. He remembered to be polite. “How was the surgery?”
“No.”
“Oh,” John said, feeling downcast. He had assumed Sherlock would carry on with his tutors indefinitely. Sherlock did not look any more cheerful than John felt; he had abandoned his food to flop sadly on the grass. “Well, it’s a whole year off, after all. Maybe the place will burn down or something in the meantime.”
“Behind a convenience store,” McGinty said. “Different convenience store. Gunshot wound to the head. Never solved.”
“Commander Pitts has been granted estates in Buckinghamshire, so I’m rather hoping to be out of the city already.”
the maid suspected something, felt her resentment like a ghost in the house, why hadn’t insisted they go last night—Sherlock was leaping from the bed and shoving his feet into his shoes. He didn’t stop for anything else. He went straight out the door and down the hall to where he knew the servants’ stairs would be, barreling down the stairs and out into a dark kitchen, hearing the first distant shouts from the front of the house as he banged out the back. Through the kitchen gardens, flying as fast as he could through the soft misty rain, not looking for cover or direction but simply fleeing. If he could make it to the coast, find a boat, any boat…
“I’m inclined to think—“ John said.
you doing in Las Vegas?”
married! He was already separated when we started seeing each other!”
kill someone? It will add a degree of difficulty if I have to make sure they’re saved at the last minute. There must be someone you need inconvenienced.”
Roz Corwin turned out to be tall and rangy, with crinkling eyes and an easy smile; the sort of person impossible to dislike, even for Sherlock. Distance runner, loved living alone, supported a lot of charities, hated dressing up. She’d have gone far if she’d stayed with the police, Sherlock thought.
“I ran off when I was sixteen with the first guy who said he’d take care of me. And when that guy didn’t work out, I moved on to the next guy.” She shrugged. “What else was I going to do? I mean, I worked, but I never even finished high school. I could barely make rent. And then I hooked up with Note.” She looked down, pinching crumbs between her fingertips.
Sherlock nodded; he saw no reason not to believe her.
“Best not,” Sherlock agreed.
The girl stopped struggling. “And a pint? Yeah, all right.”
“Really?” John was astonished. Daniel Day-Lewis was the first serious guy crush he’d had. He had probably spent a solid year masturbating over
The man glanced around furtively. “So if I know something, someone maybe getting up to something they shouldn’t…I could tell it to you?”
Sherlock moved slowly toward the tub, careful to stay on the strips of plastic forensics must have laid out. He looked at the blood on the sides of the bathtub and on the floor. He leaned over to peer at the side closest to the wall. He inspected the cup and saucer on the little table, lifting it carefully with his gloved hand and sniffing: milk going sour, a hint of brandy. He knelt carefully and looked at the knife on the floor.
Sherlock slurped down his noodles whilst John sipped his drink, half watching the programme and half just relaxing into the warm coziness of the flat. After a bit Sherlock set down the mostly empty bowl and leaned back against the sofa, staring unseeingly at the telly through half-lidded eyes. John thought he was going to drop off again when Sherlock said suddenly, “I don’t understand it.”
This proved more taxing than John had realized, and now he understood why Molly always seemed to be the first one at the hospital every morning. Fortunately Sherlock insisted that he was now capable of taking his afternoon walk unassisted, which John thought really meant unsupervised, but how much trouble could he get up to in a hospital overrun with patients and staff? And he still seemed to be recovering nicely, so John decided not to worry about him. At least until the morning when he came in and found Sherlock fast asleep.
“She only
John looked away and took a drink of his tea. “Sometimes people make bad choices when they’re impaired,” he said very gently.
Sherlock inched back a few steps. He pushed his hair up under the beret as best he could and pulled the beret low over his face. Then he checked his gun to be sure the safety was on—he would fire only as a last resort, a gunshot would be heard all over the point—and set off down the road at a fast clip. He heard the man straighten, turning, and he picked up to a near jog with his head still lowered. The man said quickly, “I’ve been watching, there’s been no—“ and then Sherlock ran straight up and hit him in the gut with the butt of the gun.
Sherlock stood still, listening. The voices were high and light: maids or kitchen girls, and only a few of them. He heard a muffled burst of laughter as though someone were covering her mouth with her hands and someone else hissed, “Shhh!”
Sherlock looked small there and very pale, his head swathed in a white bandage, his lashes dark smudges on his thin face. John, veteran of many concussions, first checked to make sure there was a basin near to hand before he brought his chair over to the bed and gently took Sherlock’s hand. He had an abrupt flash of that same hand flung up by the river, and brought it up to his face to kiss the fingertips, careful not to jostle.
“Those men are all together. Probably from one of the factories, now likely in for pushing for reform, or objecting to the crackdown, or both. They’ve known each other for years, they’re a brotherhood, we’ll never break in.”
John looked at the three words on the slate. He knew the first and the last without thinking, but the middle...he puzzled over it for a minute and then read uncertainly, “Sherlock licks John?”
“Well.” John shrugged a little helplessly. “The heart wants what it wants, I guess. I mean, haven’t you ever wanted anybody? Even a little?” He was thinking of Irene Adler, not that he’d have the nerve to come right out and ask.
“Sherlock,” John said, coming into the ward in the late afternoon, “I’m going back to Bart’s. Dr. Woodcourt says you’re doing fine, and I need to resume my regular shifts.”
“Please,” Sherlock moaned. He pulled the pillow off to show his face, flushed and sweaty, making John realize he himself no longer felt cold at all. “Please, no, I want you to take me, please I want you inside me, please, please.”
it, so hard he thought it might actually crash out of his chest. He leaned in and this time applied just the tiniest hint of pressure before pulling back. It was still chaste—plausible deniability could be maintained by all sides—but it was, definitely, a kiss. On the lips.
“Worked, didn’t it?” Henry said wryly, gesturing toward his midsection.
“Jesus,” John said, pushing himself up. Sherlock’s eyes were swollen closed, one side of his bottom lip was grotesquely puffy, and he was blotchy with hives.
“Because I think she knows,” Sherlock said, looking back to the kitchen. “I think she knows why Andrea was crying.”
“That’s a reason to smile?”
John had never actually asked, because there were so many reasons that asking seemed superfluous. The fear of putting himself into strange hands. Of the pain of surgery. Of the need for drugs that had nearly destroyed him. “I don’t know exactly,” he said slowly, “but I think the main reason…as long as he doesn’t have the surgery, he can believe that it will work. But if he has it and it doesn’t, then there’s no hope, you see? Because there’s a significant possibity it won’t help.”
“I think there’s still a
“You too.” She let him go and turned to Sherlock, and John let Molly kiss his check.
“Tiernan! Who else?”
“Yes, sir,” John said. He was too worried about Sherlock even to be relieved that Dr. Woodcourt seemed disinclined to ask questions. “He really is.” He took advantage of Sherlock’s distraction to slip the spoon into his mouth. Sherlock weakly shoved at his hand, swallowed automatically, and then grabbed for his wrist. “
Sherlock’s eyes sparked dangerously. He tossed the broom aside and sent the dustpan hurtling after the glassware. “You don’t understand. All you little people with your little, little minds…”
,” Tank said in disbelief. “You have to do something! Look at him!”
“Of course I want to hear it!” John sounded more pleased than Sherlock had anticipated, and Sherlock felt his shoulders relax; he hadn’t even realized how tense he’d been. “And I’d love a copy. I still have the wedding waltz, you know. It’s in my safety deposit box.”
They got free eventually and Sherlock plugged the name of the salon—Shear Perfection—into maps and found it quickly, in a strip mall a mile or so away. The front parking lot was full so they pulled to the overflow parking around back and saw a blonde woman leaning against what was evidently an employee entrance, smoking a cigarette.
not in the mood at the moment, I just want to relax with some food and a beer.”
Sherlock exhaled, crouched, and scuttled to the door of the lighthouse. It was locked. He ducked low, thinking. He had almost no cover and no idea of what he was facing; he needed to get in to the lighthouse, get to the top where he might be able to see what was going on. Without much hope, Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out the little leather roll he’d made of the carpenter’s tools, having some vague idea of using the awl to chisel out the lock, and there amongst the tools lay Molly’s hairpin.
John thought that over, frowning a little. Leo was the mildest of Tank’s inner circle. “That’s--I thought he didn’t--the younger boys don’t keep away from him like they do the others.”
Sherlock read John’s distress the minute he walked into the dining hall, although of course they could not talk about it at dinner. When they climbed into bed that night, Sherlock wordlessly turned them so that their positions were reversed, John’s back to his front, the way they had been after the factory explosion, and wrapped his long arms around him.
“Oh, I’m sure it will be. But Paris! And the past year has rather depleted my funds, I don’t mind telling you. And Monsieur says he doesn’t mind at all if I see other girls as long as I don’t see other men—he’s actually quite keen on the idea.”
“Good,” she said. “Sherlock said not to talk, so I didn’t.”
At seven AM precisely, Sherlock stood by the window--showered, shaved, dressed to the nines and as impeccable in appearance as it was possible for someone who had recently been at the receiving end of John Watson’s fists to be--and dialed a number from the witness list. If the police ever found out about this he would be bloody well buggered, to use Lestrade’s term, but it was his best shot at getting the information he needed.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock said, sitting back and pressing his fingertips together in front of his mouth.
“You’ll lose your money, it’s still Mr. Brooke,” John said under his breath
Sherlock made his plans. At the needlework store he bought the class kit (he had high hopes for his own scissors, but they proved a disappointment: the ends curved so that he could not put out someone’s eye, or open a vein) along with extra practice cloth and a rainbow of silks. Then he bought a pile of handkerchiefs.
“No.”
Tilly sighed. “Yeah, I suppose.” She passed the bottle to Sherlock, who tipped his head back and drained it.
the dark hair was straight, and the eyes that met Sherlock’s as the boy turned were dark: fathomless black pools that reflected back only Sherlock’s own face.
There was a soft
“I won’t need to.” Moran smiled. “You still don’t get it, do you? Sherlock is mine. He needs me as much as I need him. He’ll never leave me, not really. No matter what I did, he wanted more. The more I hurt him, the more he spread his legs. He’ll always come back in the end.”
“Caro, he’s an omega,” Teddy said softly. “Only a few days out of heat, I think.”
John frowned. He knew as well as anyone that there was a significant shortage of all pharmaceuticals, and the Empire’s ongoing efforts in Afghanistan had decimated the illegal opium trade; he’d been a part of those efforts himself. But morphine was already available on the black market, albeit at a steep price. The beta seemed to be saying he had something else. “Show me.”
body all lit up with sensation. It was nothing at all like sex with Jeff. That had felt all wrong: too close, suffocating, like being caught in a trap, but this made him feel…doubled, somehow, as though he were himself and yet also John, and all he wanted was to be closer. “Deeper, more, I want…”
James knew it was a bit of a cliché, but in the end he did it anyway: he went back to Belfast in search of the father he had never met. He knew very little about his father beyond his name, which was Jim Moriarty, and his former employer, which was the IRA. His parents had never married and Jim had gone to prison before James was born. He rather hoped his father would still be in prison—at least he would have had a good excuse for never bothering to find his son, not that James could really blame the man for abandoning James’ mother—but he turned out to be a fairly successful figure in the Belfast underworld. Jim had turned to straightforward criminal work following his release, abandoning the IRA but using his old contacts to move guns and drugs, which proved a good business decision after the Good Friday accords.
? They could have closed the reform schools—they probably have done, they’ve done away with the other reforms.”
“Prison trucks, ma’am. Also we have confirmed Neptune’s death secondary to injuries received while in custody.”
Sherlock flipped through the pages of the file, pausing here and there when something caught his attention. John could tell he was getting interested, and felt a little twinge of gratitude to Mycroft—Sherlock still hadn’t taken any of Lestrade’s cases, and it didn’t do for him to be sitting about unoccupied too long.
“All right then. I should be done when you get finished.”
“So they’re double agents?”
“Hurts quite a bit, I see. Just lie very still.”
Sherlock looked down at the printout and had no idea what number he’d been about to look up. This was ridiculous; he was hardly going to carry on working now. He got the fire going instead, settling down in his chair by the hearth. He couldn’t stop staring toward the kitchen. It seemed miraculous to have John there, puttering about the kitchen as though he’d never left, making tea. Of course, maybe it just seemed miraculous to have someone who could make tea without bursting into song.
“Yeah?”
“Well, how else am I to find out what people don’t want me to know?” Sherlock asked indignantly. “It’s not like I’m peeping at, at--ladies in a state of undress, or something.”
“Brother Sheba!”
“Dimmock’s got a dead body,” Sherlock reported, disconnecting. “Found by the river with no ID or apparent cause of death. He thought the man might be homeless, so he showed the photos to Lestrade this morning to see if he if he could be one of mine, but Lestrade wasn’t sure.”
“What did you say to that arsehole?” the boy asked finally, when Sherlock had himself settled. He had a lilting, Irish voice. “The one who took your book.”
“God, I’d love to leave my school,” Sherlock said with complete truthfulness. “It’s full of morons and mouth-breathing idiots, and that’s just the staff.”
Sherlock got his jacket and AK-47 and climbed in next to Arslan in the back seat of one of the Range Rovers Mirzayev’s men favored for expeditions. He had seen other groups of men set out before but never been allowed along until now; presumably he had established himself as loyal. He had no idea what he was expected to do.
“Looks good so far,” John agreed and then suddenly remembered. “Hey, I forgot to tell you! You know Nick, the blond bartender? He fancies you!”
certainly not doing it.”
Roz sighed. “She’ll probably chuck him then.”
Mycroft ate in silence for a minute. “You were right.”
Strangely it was that thought—shaky and tremulous though the memory was—that saved him. He was Sherlock Holmes. He had bested Irene Adler, Jim Moriarty, an entire criminal network single-handedly. Was he really going to be undone by one man with bad taste in jumpers? A man who promised to stay and didn’t?
a sight, aren’t you? Look at those cheekbones.”
“It’s better now,” Sherlock said flatly. He blinked and looked away, almost visibly withdrawing.
(See the end of the chapter for
last year after the Brexit thing, figured if Europe was going to fall apart I maybe ought to pay attention, so I saw when you got into it with that guy who turned out to be a serial killer. I was like hey, that’s my boy, back with the crazy. All last night I kept thinking you looked familiar, like I’d seen you before, but I couldn’t remember where, and then when I woke up I just knew. It was those eyes.”
Waking Sherlock was every bit as horrible as John had predicted.
“John is assisting your recovery, I assume?”
Sherlock considered. “He could have given us away easily tonight, far more easily than at a dockyard pub. If it’s a trap, I can’t see the point of it.” He looked into the fire a long moment. “We’ll meet him,” he said finally. “But we’ll make sure to look it over very thoroughly, just in case.”
After Sherlock lost sight of him briefly and he scanned the crowd to see where he might have gone. Lady Smallwood talking to Lady Dalhousie; Commander Adler talking to—of all people—Commander Pitts. Well, that was interesting. Politics making strange bedfellows? Or a common enemy? But they didn’t seem to be watching anyone, just chatting politely, Irene with more apparent enthusiasm than Pitts.
John would have liked nothing better than to spoil Sherlock silly for the rest of his days, but it seemed a bit too close to coddling to say so. “So basically…you’re a fucking genius, and I’m a
“Put these away someplace,” he said, tossing the IDs back to Sherlock. “We don’t want to use those again unless we have to, in case they trace us this far.”
John went to the next bed, occupied by a much smaller figure almost as badly burned, muttering to itself in a soft whisper. The muttering was familiar, but it took John a moment to realize that the boy was Scrap. He recognized the prayers now, having heard them a few times at the hospital. “Scrap?” he asked gently. “Are you a Roman Catholic?”
“Yes, but if you put the sheets in the washer you will have to take my pajamas out, and then you can put them in the dryer, as we agreed.”
John laid his own cheek against Sherlock’s curls. “You are amazing,” he whispered. “You are fantastic. You are beautiful. You are mine. I love you. I will always love you.” It was going to take a long time to work through his anger, and probably a few drinks as well, but for right now he would keep his promise to Sherlock. He would stay. There was nothing he could do about all the nights Sherlock had slept alone or worse than alone, but they lived here now. He would hold Sherlock all night long, and he would be there when Sherlock woke, and he would not leave.
John shrugged apologetically. “Yeah, okay. Just, I worry about you, you know?”
she had written.
“Brilliant. If the fire doesn’t heat this place up we can get warm that way.”
“It’s for John,” Sherlock said brightly. John, hearing his name, looked over the low wall to see Sherlock carrying a box. “I’m going to take it to your room, all right?”
Sherlock’s new flat was a big improvement. There was a sitting room for clients, and a bedroom upstairs he used as a lab—no water up there, but he could work around that—and an actual bedroom he rarely slept in. He adored it. He still went out occasionally, but he never brought a partner back to the flat; it was his sanctuary.
“At the warehouse…there are four men always, two more stay when there is a shipment. I think for police station maybe more. Maybe there is not trust.”
“But that wasn’t enough for Note, was it,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock was eyeing the strip of exposed skin at John’s middle. “Does it? We’re going there then.”
Sherlock came to a crossroads with an old stone marker on it; he could barely read the words, which listed towns he’d never heard of. The closest was due east, so Sherlock struck out that way, following the road in hope of coming to some kind of shelter: a barn, preferably, or some kind of outbuilding, anyplace he could get under cover and rest.
“Oh, not the corruption, you’re right about that,” Sherlock agreed. “But the rest of it? I’m no expert on your legal system—but murder for hire, that’s a crime everywhere, isn’t it?”
Sherlock wept for a long, long time, until he was limp and wrung-out and exhausted.  Mycroft did not leave. He not-quite-held Sherlock’s hand and wiped his face gently, first with his own handkerchief, then with paper tissues, and finally with a cool damp cloth, until Sherlock fell asleep.
a night of miracles. They would do it slowly next time: at home, in their bed, no nasty carpet, John taking his time, making sure everything was perfect. He would hold Sherlock in his arms and stroke every curve and plane of his body, slowly, tenderly, until Sherlock moved against him and John made love to him properly, drawing it out, cherishing him, showing him what sex could be when it was an expression of love. And then maybe after John would take his face in his hands and tell him everything that was in his heart, say the words he had never yet spoken to anyone, safe in the dark.
“Is grammar school where you’re going?”
Jessica sagged in defeat and the Davy Dreadful, who had come puffing up whilst Felix was shouting, said, “What the bloody fuck?” Davy was completely starkers, a fact which did not seem to bother him one whit. Sherlock privately thought that being clothed would not have helped a great deal: Davy’s face was seamed with hard living and his long, thinning hair was dyed an unconvincing shade of yellow. “You killed Alice?”
Trevor’s eyebrows went up. “You? I never saw you so much as speak to another person the entire time we were at Oxford.”
“Probably correct,” Sherlock said. “Maybe you could work for him.”
“Slow, go slow,” John was getting a little breathless himself. He arched up into the slick feel of his own fist, imagining grinding down against Sherlock again. “Is it good?”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered. “Yes.”
“Er—“ the nurse stuck her head round the door, evidently wondering why John wasn’t calling for his next patient, and John held up a finger in a
“Norway,” Mycroft said.
“Trying to decide if there’s going to be a second, actually,” Sherlock admitted.
“We only need a few seconds,” Sherlock said again.
Sherlock’s head had filled with a very loud white silence. He watched John.
first Christmas together, and everything would need to be perfect.
call security, he was
—and felt a second thump by his feet. A barn cat. She sniffed John’s blanket, picked her way delicately over his legs, and finally settled behind him, curled up into the backs of his knees. A loud rumbling purr rose.
“Jesus, no—Sherlock, you know none of that matters to me. I don’t care what you’ve done or who you’ve been with in the past.” John felt as though he were picking his way through a minefield. “It’s not like I’m in any position to pass judgment—“
clever, far cleverer than most who study medicine, but you’re an orphan and, worse, a girl. You should go to America, they have schools there especially for the training of lady physicians.”
“The best—
I'm going to pick up the posting pace a bit to get this whole thing up before I leave town in a few weeks, so it may be a little erratic--I still have a lot of proofreading to go in the last section.
“Exactly, although that’s hardly the example I would have used. Really, Holmes, where do you come up with such things? It didn’t matter in any case as the IRB refused to clear further studies and so Baskerville pulled the plug on the project. They would have been delighted for me to stay on and work on something else, of course, but I couldn’t bear to give it up. By incredible good luck—or so I thought at the time—I was offered a generous grant at a private facility to continue my project. And the funding for that…”
“You want to know what I thought about? Fine, I’ll tell you. When I was young I thought about strangers because I knew no one who would ever want me. I fancied an older boy once at school; I thought nobody knew, but he caught me behind the gym one day and asked if I’d suck his cock. It was a joke, of course, all his friends were in on it, and they called me Shercocksucker until the end of term. That was a bit unwieldy so after that they just called me cocksucker. It was always like that, always. So I stopped thinking of it. Far easier to get high. Until you.” Sherlock spat the words out at John. “You want to know what I thought about?
“I always wanted one myself,” his father said a little wistfully. “You’ll wear a helmet?”
“Cat Stevens?”
“Yes, but you’ve unsnarled it now, that’s clear enough. I want to untangle mine as well.” Talking about this was making Sherlock feel as though his skin were too tight, but he had to muddle on, because he needed John to understand this. “I
Sherlock groaned and flopped onto the sofa. “What’s the
and John’s tongue was in his mouth and John was groaning, “Christ, yes, mine,” his hands pulling at Sherlock’s shirt and sliding up under it and Sherlock shuddered and gasped.
“I have been informed that a delegation from the Cabinet will be coming today to inspect our proceedings here and to meet those omegas fortunate enough to be chosen for the first covenanting. If I call your name, you will go with Abbess Hester. The rest of you will proceed to instruction as usual. Sister Mary the Virgin.”
more intense and inducing a blackout orgasm almost as soon as the rhino-sized Guardian commander mounted him.
The bed beside him was empty, but that did not matter. He knew John was nearby, just as he knew his feet were still attached to his legs.
“Actually yes,” Sherlock said. He told Michael about the day in some detail—talking to him wasn’t the same as talking to John, but it still helped clarify his thinking.
That was definitely illegal, and though John wouldn’t put it in the same category as carfentanyl, he suspected the NeoTories might feel differently. “Where does he get them?” Contraceptives had been banned in England for years.
John looked down. Sherlock’s arms were stretched high over his head, making him look even longer and slimmer than usual. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open and panting. His cock was hard against his flat abdomen, dark and wet at the tip; his pale skin seemed to glow in the dim light, and his hips undulated against where John’s hand was pressed into his body. He was beautiful, a bit out of his head with lust, and utterly within John’s power. John felt a familiar throb of desperate tenderness. He slid his free hand under Sherlock’s head and brushed his lips over Sherlock’s forehead. “Do you remember the day I taught you to swim?”
John undressed them both, carefully, under the covers. He wanted Sherlock to feel cherished, not exposed. There would be plenty of time to learn and explore, but for tonight he contented himself with the feel of Sherlock’s slender body pressed naked against him for the first time. “Oh,” Sherlock whispered. “Oh.” His long hands felt huge on John’s back. John could feel him beginning to tremble, so he slid his hand into that gloriously tangled hair and brought Sherlock’s mouth to his. He slid his other hand down to clutch Sherlock’s arse and was gratified when Sherlock had to break off the kiss to gasp for breath.
Wiggins shook his head. “Haven’t heard anything about Russians. I did hear they were connected though, have some powerful friends, if you follow me.”
“I don’t know. I’m not accusing anybody. But somehow they knew we’d be there.”
“Hear we’ve got a bit of a shoe emergency,” Captain Watson said genially as he pulled out.
“But it does,” Sherlock said. His hand was cold in John’s, but he didn’t draw it away. “You say that now, but it does. I want to be with you more than anything, but I’ll be
“The vegan was right,” Sherlock said, striding toward the doors. “The victims are part of a tight and insular social network. The obvious culprit was always an insider, but no one in the families or households of the three victims seemed a viable possibility. The idea of any of those women back there,” he tossed his head toward the social services office, “planning and executing a robbery of this complexity is laughable; they don’t have the
Five minutes later, during which John understood perhaps one word in ten, they spotted the light. Sherlock stopped in mid-sentence, squeezed John’s arm, and strode to the hatch, Seven once more.
“You’ve never
“Needle marks.”
“Oh, don’t, there, lad, don’t cry, it’s all right,” John said, realizing he sounded just like Mr. Gregson.
He felt John’s mouth curve against his check and then John pulled back, still smiling, and lifted the glass of whisky again to take a long drink. “How about I give you a hand with that?” He handed the glass to Sherlock and Sherlock took a drink and then turned for his bedroom, still holding the whisky.
“Touched…firmly.”
John’s jumper felt suddenly too hot and too tight. He pulled it off and then reached for his own buttons, looking at Sherlock for permission, and Sherlock lifted one eyebrow. John’s fingers fumbled his way down, unable to take his eyes from Sherlock. Sherlock finished unbuttoning and shrugged the shirt elegantly from his shoulders, leaving him bare-chested and exquisite and Christ John had forgotten all about how to breathe.
Oh, John thought in surprise. He likes that.
Collins was quiet and John felt, obscurely, he owed it to the kid to say something wise and maybe not too bitter, but he couldn’t think of anything. Finally he just said, “There’s always a way to help people. You just…have to look for it. And to see them as people.”
top, you
“Well,” she said, “I suppose slapping you this time would be…”
“I had to practice! I had a much better speech, I’ll tell it all to you. And then after dinner we’ll do the other. You can pull my hair that way,” he added enticingly. John had never lost his fondness for this activity. Nor had Sherlock, but it left his hair a hopeless wreck.
Sherlock took it reverently in both hands and read aloud, “‘Soil from the freshly dug grave of Mrs. Fred McCracken, October 18, southwest corner of the churchyard, Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Sherrinford Village.’ Oh,
John followed Mrs. Gregson down to the cellar and, at her direction, located a box of apples. “I’ve a sack here, let’s just fill it up,” Mrs. Gregson said, setting her lamp on a nearby shelf. “Actually, I wanted a bit of a word. Mr. Gregson and I had a wee chat, and we thought it best...well. You need to be more careful.”
Mr. Temple looked at John, who said, “So did I,” because in another life it would have been true.
Sherlock waved dismissively. “He deserved it. Let’s get coffee.”
She even pulled the covers up over him before she left. John fell asleep so quickly he did not even have a chance to put on his warm new socks.
“Wipe yourself off, or you’ll regret it tomorrow,” Callie advised.
“Six more strikes for insolence,” Mr. Brocklehurst said. He did not raise his voice, but the flush deepened. A few faces had appeared in the doorway from the dining hall.  “And twelve for aiming to deceive and  to sin and the coal cellar for being away from your work.
“He’s checked C dorm,” PIp said, flinging back the covers. “Let’s go. He’ll be through the others in a minute.”
John stirred and reached for him automatically when Sherlock slid into bed. Most nights John never really woke, just wrapped him into a secure embrace and fell back asleep, but now the touch of Sherlock’s bare skin surprised him into wakefulness. “Mmm,” John said, pulling him into a sleepy kiss. Sherlock kissed him back, letting his neck arch to encourage John to slide his arms around Sherlock’s bare torso.
untidy. Did you mess up my sock index again?”
“You’re
“I have had a job offer for you, as it happens, but I should prefer you to decline. MI-6 wants to put you back undercover abroad.”
There was a long pause.
“John, don’t be ridiculous. I would have to use all the sample in order to do that, and then I wouldn’t be able to test it further.”
Molly blushed, the red rising from her collar to her hairline like a slow-motion tide. “John added some more tests this week. Didn’t he tell you?”
“I rather fancy the idea of setting up a rival to draw him out,” Sherlock said. “I’ve always regretted not becoming a master criminal myself. It would be rather fun to see if I could best him on his own turf.”
“Here.”
“Storerooms, sir. The cellars.”
“Not enough for him to have drowned. Their medical examiner couldn’t find another cause of death. He said it looked to him like dry drowning, which is a thing where—“
John’s guts twisted at the gesture, given what Tank had been about to do the last time he did it, but Sherlock just looked wary. “When you say ‘one of you’, you mean…”
Sherlock turned, impossibly, redder. He nodded once.
Sherlock perked up considerably over lunch. The food was quite good—Bombay Palace used  enough
John paused on his way to the door. Was that innuendo? From Sherlock? “Then I’ll buy you two jars,” he promised, and grinned at Sherlock’s huff.
Sherlock went numb. He could not follow John’s reasoning, but the bottom line was clear enough: touching Sherlock was something to be avoided at all costs. He felt his face go blank, tried to school his voice into cool indifference. “Of course. Best not to risk it.” He knew immediately he’d gotten the tone wrong: too loud and too shrill.
Just as the lift reached their floor Sherlock’s phone pinged and he glanced down to see a message from John:
Molly went white and then red, as though she might be sick. Sherlock went on quickly, “Look for the stupid ones. Smile at them. Bat your eyelashes. We can’t get out of this, so we might as well get ones we can manage.”
“Got one of his not-entirely-legal contacts to send it through the post, is my guess,” John said. He’d been a teensy bit suspicious that the knife had come from Mycroft himself, but Mycroft was looking convincingly irritated.
John shook his head, befuddled, and texted Mary quickly. Mary knew about Sherlock’s capture and subsequent imprisonment, of course, though not in as much detail as John, and John had never brought up the issue of Sherlock’s feelings.  He knew she would not object. He slipped the phone back into his pocket and turned to the computer to look at his next patient, putting the whole situation firmly out of his head for the moment.
John was having a slow afternoon. The November day had turned wet and dreary, and apparently half his patients had decided they would prefer to nurse their ailments at home by the fire than seek succor from the NHS. He was just pulling up the hourly weather forecast to see whether he might prefer to leave his bike in the mailroom and catch a ride home with Mary when his text alert went off.
“Oh, Sherlock. You weren’t mad. You were in withdrawal, and you’d been alone in the dark for weeks and were severely traumatized—“
If things appeared placid on the surface, however, John for one was anything but serene. Oddly, he had no real sense of a sexual identity crisis. It would be fairly ridiculous at this point to pretend he didn’t find Sherlock sexually arousing, didn’t enjoy sex with him (such as it had been), didn’t fantasize about him. He’d always prided himself on his open-mindedness; he could hardly prove to be a hypocrite to himself. In retrospect, he could see that his school crushes on older boys and intense bonds with certain Army mates probably hadn’t been as platonic as he’d convinced himself at the time, a delusion he attributed to different attitudes in his younger days and his designated family role as peacekeeper. Okay, he wasn’t as straight as he’d assumed. No sense losing sleep over it.
“No. The commander told me as much when I got hired. It didn’t make sense to keep a large staff in town, not with him away most of the time.”
In the morning his first thought was
Gregson clapped him on the back so hard John almost fell off the fence. “Got it in one! All right, you can stay.”
Sherlock looked up sharply: of course, Tuesday, that was where John had gone after work, but why had that made him so angry? “How lovely for you to have someone who could understand how much you have to bear with me.”
“And nobody got back to me,” Garrison said. “I waited a few weeks and called back. My pal told me that they’d had no luck with fingerprints so they’d put in a request to do a facial recognition software search, but there was a big backup; might be months. I’d read the damn book by then so I told him she might be in Yorkshire, might be using the name Mary or Lennox or fucking Misselthwaite for all I knew but he just said he couldn’t jump the queue for something like this unless it was urgent, and of course I had to say it wasn’t.  Finally in summer I heard back from him. I was right, he said, she had been going by Mary Morstan Watson, but she’d died the previous spring in a car accident.”
Molly looked interested. “Someone from the resistance maybe? But if they could get you pills, why couldn’t they get you out?”
Besides, John knew full well he would not do it. The literal truth was not the whole truth. In that moment in the water, John had
“You want to
“We’ve moved several operatives into the country posing as journalists. We’ve also encouraged the incursion of quite a few legitimate journalists. The best way to help a revolution is to focus the world’s attention on it, since that will make it harder for the Russians to interfere.” Mycroft sighed. “Things were easier when Magnussen was around. Only one media magnate to deal with.”
“A very handsome fop,” John said gallantly. “Tell me about London.”
“Mrs. Allen?” John asked, beaming his friendly smile—a smile that would be entirely wasted in this case, Sherlock thought. “We need to talk to you about your grandson.”
“Shall we see the arm?”
The day dragged on. Two more boys were brought to the room, none of them, apparently, Jimmy. Finally the door opened and a clerk told the guard, “That’s the lot for today. Wagon’s ready now.”
“So what happens now?”
“I did not. I was extremely angry.  But I did clear her of wrongdoing after the fact.”
Afterward Sherlock lay limp and blissed out as John cleaned him up with a wet flannel and then kissed him thoroughly.
“So you think you can solve it now? Then? As a twelve-year-old?”
Donovan folded her arms. “Oh, Afghanistan killed him, all right. He just didn’t die there. He came back all messed up. Couldn’t sleep, couldn’t concentrate, always angry…maybe if Holly hadn’t chucked him already, if he’d had his family to go home to, but he’d nothing. Couldn’t keep a job even before the drugs.” She grimaced, looking away. “They had shared custody at first. But he went to pick up Maya one weekend and he was so high he couldn’t even find the right flat. Holly called the police, and after that he couldn’t even see his own kid unless it was at my mum’s. He tried to get clean, but he couldn’t do it on his own, and then he tried to get into rehab but the wait lists were too long. He died on that wait list. Overdosed. My mum found him; she was never the same after that, had a stroke six months later.” She looked Sherlock full in the face again. “I want to believe it was an accident. He didn’t leave a note or anything. But he’d said to me, before, that he should have died over there, cause he wasn’t any use as a dad anyway and at least that way Maya’d have the memory of him being a hero. And that was
Mycroft gave Sherlock a pile of board games.
“No, John’s tricky, we need something simple to start. I promise we’ll learn names in a few days. Something else.”
Sherlock smiled and let his eyes close, face turned up to the sun. The sunshine sparkled on the surface of the water and on the droplets in his eyelashes as he drifted slowly off John’s hands. John stepped back, feeling an odd mixture of pride and loss.
“Oh, I’m sure he’ll wear you down quite soon.”
Sholto nodded at an acquaintance, turning away from John and speaking so quietly John could barely hear. “There’s a sanctioned black market dealer who might be moving some
. John could not forgive this, Sherlock knew it. He bit down harder, tasting fresh blood. He was broken and hurting and half blind and half deaf and John was going to leave him, and he would not cry.
“Really old music,” John clarified, “don’t ask him.”
John had expected Sherlock to sleep until the next afternoon, so it was something of a shock when he emerged that evening dressed unexpectedly in a tight dark shirt and jeans. “I’m going out. It’s for the case,” he added in response to John’s startled look.
There was a longer stretch of silence, punctuated by the dragging shuffle of Sherlock’s limp. John didn’t know if Sherlock had correctly deduced and just didn’t know what to say, or if he had no idea what was going on and didn’t want to admit it.
“Sir, I’ll go,” the skinny kid with the dictionary—Collins—said immediately.
“Not yeeeet,” Mitch sang and all three of them laughed and then Macey said, “Oh, that’s good.” She turned the phone to show Sherlock and Sherlock blinked in surprise: it was good. The camera had caught him just in the instant before he laughed and he looked relaxed and open, not frightening at all.
“Let’s not rush,” John said. “We’re making a fresh start, remember? We’ll start out slow. Besides, I know how particular you are about your clothes and things.”
“The dockworkers have been demonstrating, demanding the reforms,” Mr. Gregson said. “The new minister wanted to send the army out to put them down, and Lord Sherrinford went to London to try to persuade him against.”
“He is, I need the one for the cookery class,” Molly said.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, surprised. He looked up from where he was digging through his trunk in search of his swim things. “I’m, ah, taking a bit of a break, actually. Thought I’d go for a swim.”
“For what, wasting your time?”
John took hold of his coat and shoved him up against the wall, kicking the door shut behind him. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s head with his other hand, fisting it in his curls.
, it has to be me going in there, no one else. He’ll have people there watching that will set off the bomb if the Brighton police show up.”
John felt his guts turn to water as Mycroft inquired calmly, “Have you found a body?”
“Did you use an
“John!”
what you see in me, then? Obviously not my personality, but—“
John covered his eyes. “Please don’t,” he moaned.
Sherlock crossed the room and handed them to her with a low bow. The Queen scanned the papers as Sir James glared at Sherlock so furiously that John wondered if he would be called upon to shield Sherlock with his body. His heart was thudding in his chest.
John followed the mother? father? falcon with the binoculars as it took flight again, soaring in a graceful arc above the rocky hillside. Something about it reminded him of Sherlock, with his long graceful neck and proud carriage. He thought of Sherlock high in his tower. John’s miracle, remote and safe as the nestlings in their scrape.
John was dreaming a far more pleasant dream involving the sun-dappled pond when he was awakened for a second time, this time by a loud
“Oh, I almost forgot. I had a call a few days ago, from a friend of yours.”
“You saw me watching you, didn’t you,” John said. He was still gripping Sherlock’s arse, grinding them together. “You’re waiting for me.”
“What, another one?” Sherlock said.
“Who’s Mabel Donaldson?” John asked.
“Where am I?”
“I suppose so,” Sherlock said. He’d engaged Hobbes to bring flowers every Wednesday—for Mrs. Hudson—and run errands; he’d assumed he’d be off house arrest by now and she could just do the tedious errands he loathed, but it appeared she’d be getting the shopping this week again.
came first, then
commander’s boss. He’s the Foreign Minister, so he’s abroad a lot, but he’s home right now. He was sitting next to mine at church Sunday. Colonel Moran’s his right hand man, you know; he used to be part of Commander Moriarty’s household until he got me as a reward for Ireland. Commander Moriarty’s a bit older, but he’s not bad looking.”
“How do you know?”
“So are you,” Sherlock countered, and John felt the knot in his chest ease for the first time in days.
Lord Mycroft smiled very slightly and shifted back in his chair. “My father has authorized me to express our gratitude as I think best, so I discussed the matter with Sherlock and, at his suggestion, Mr. Brooke. On their advice I have settled a small trust on your mother and sister, which Sherlock felt strongly would be what you preferred.” He hesitated. “Mr. Brooke tells me that you are uncommonly intelligent and determined. If at any time you feel that you would wish to pursue a different occupation, or further your education…”
“Christ, I can’t even—you are the most gorgeous thing I’ve ever seen, you’re incredible, God I love you so much,” John managed finally, pulling Sherlock up against him to be cradled, smugly, against his chest.
“Sh—let it go, he’s right,” Lestrade said. “Of course he has to go with you, Pitts would never have allowed this otherwise.”
A few minutes passed.
The man laughed. He had a warm directness that reminded Sherlock slightly of Lestrade, though Spiropoulos’s was a more polished, impersonal warmth, like a politician’s. “Shall we begin?”
Molly shook her head, holding out a hand to forestall him as she swallowed and took a swig of water. “No, but Roohi did. We were in line at the café just now and she was telling me. She didn’t find anything on the post.”
John held his eyes a minute longer, then looked away. He picked up his drink and drained it. With the deliberate care of the intoxicated, he placed the glass precisely in the center of the small table and then stood, pulling his jacket together to button it.
John did not watch Sherlock and Mr. Brooke leave the next morning. He was not needed, and Mr. Gregson had told him at breakfast that poor fat Blackbeard could do with a good canter, so he was far up on the hills when he saw the twinkling of the carriage heading for the station. He knew he was too distant to be seen, but he waved his cap all the same.
. I would give up any chance of heaven in a heartbeat if I could have been with you, just once.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said very quietly, still staring down at the empty lawn.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head emphatically. “I wasn’t the same. I was…” he searched for a way to describe the person he had been in that time stream, beautiful and dazzling and confident, but Mycroft wouldn’t understand. “…not a junkie, for one thing.”
“Just for a bit, then we’re off to Africa.”
?” Sherlock demanded in outrage. “I wanted to see!”
“Shh.”
“Not mine either,” John said lightly. “How did it go with that girl anyway?”
He might have been right there; Mary never really worked out whether Sherlock was ace or damaged or just scared, but below the belt clearly didn’t come into the picture with him. Above, though…Mary was there the first time they met up after two years, celebrating his return and John’s engagement in the Baker street flat with all their old friends, and she saw the yearning in his eyes. She saw the slight edge to John’s happiness too. It played right into her own plans (appear to be encouraging John to renew their friendship whilst subtly feeding his near-subconscious resentment at being left behind, distracting Sherlock by making him see her as his ally), but was unprepared for the fact that she found she genuinely liked a man everyone else seemed to regard as borderline unbearable. His sharp intelligence fascinated her in the same way it did John, at least as long as it wasn’t turned on her, and they turned out to have a nearly identical sense of humor and a shared delight in calling a spade a spade. She never felt that she had to be
“What, John? No, by the time we were teenagers John was the good son. Soldier doctor and all that.
August brought another house party, even larger and busier than the winter’s, and with more work for the grooms as the fair weather kept everyone out-of-doors. On the third day John returned to the stableyard to see a commotion by the carriage house. Mr. Gregson was in the thick of it, already red in the face.
The man hesitated and then stepped through the door—no calling Angie this time. He came back holding a white plastic bottle down by his waist, as though to hide it from passersby outside. He held it up to show John, keeping his palm cupped around it.
He smile this time was different, warmer: her real smile. “Besides, I’m hardly your type, am I?”
Sherlock chewed over this issue all the way back. He was so distracted he almost carried the tart off to his room, but remembered when Phillips asked, “Shall I take that to Mrs. Turner for you, Brother Bathsheba?”
“You want to know what they say. The Commander and his guests.”
He did his best not to think about Moriarty, but he never forgot that he was out there, somewhere, and had surely not forgotten about Sherlock.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock whispered when he opened his eyes. “He wasn’t trying to frighten me. He was trying to warn me.”
John shrugged. “Yeah. People have been telling me to for weeks—Mycroft even offered to pay for it, but I’ve got Mary’s life insurance money, so. Seemed like the right time.”
Sylvie is now dating the chef at the vegan café. She and John are still friends.
Her previous source, Anderson, was coming to some similar conclusions on his own. Joining forces ended in them both getting sacked, and that was when they
“I did too,” Sherlock admitted. “I’d have finished ages ago only I’m still on house arrest, so I’ve been making it last.”
“Not everyone. And not because of you, a servant turned them in. And the only other person you exposed was one who had already been identified, so you saved everyone else in the chain.”
“I know. What about on your end, is everything ready?”
Lestrade raised his eyebrows. “Witness,” he said. “You think I’m just going to take a box of contraband and drive off on my own? My career’s taken enough hits thanks to you.”
“I didn’t want you to stop.”
They had slept a few hours tangled together, waking in the dark of night as they became aware of each other’s warm presence.  The moon had set and the fire burned down to embers. The prince had never seen such darkness.
John climbed the stairs cautiously, although his eyes had adjusted to the gloom by now, and squinted over at the bed. “Sherlock?” He could just make him out, a dark form huddled in the farthest corner of the bed. John took another step and saw he had his face pressed into his knees and his hands over his head. The sight of those white fingers clutched in the dark curls gave John a sickened jolt of recognition.
“So,” Mycroft said, finally closing the file when they turned off onto the long overgrown drive. “May I inquire as to the necessity of my presence on this trip down memory lane?”
John shook his head inquiringly, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s.
Sherlock shook his head once. “No. There’s no point. They’re old now, and my mother will never admit she was wrong, so…we’re going to have to tell them about Eurus eventually, and that will be unpleasant enough.”
“A month! Really? That’s fantastic! Gosh, it doesn’t seem that long, does it?” Sherlock just looked at her and she said hurriedly, “I suppose it does. Anyway, well done!”
He heard Sherlock’s step pause. “Everything?”
Sherlock knew he meant it; John would never push him to do anything. “All right. What do I do?”
“I’d make an excellent vicar, actually,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “I’d deduce everyone’s sins and let them think I learnt them directly from God. I’d have the saintliest parish in England; they’d be too terrified to misbehave...well, that would get dull rather quickly, wouldn’t it? Never mind clergy. Unless I could be a bishop. It would be lovely to make Mycroft kiss my ring.”
“I don’t want you to die for me!” John shouted. He was so close Sherlock could feel the heat of his breath. “That’s what I’m trying to tell you! I want you to fucking live for me!”
Sherlock rang off, still smiling, and set the phone carefully on the table. He considered a minute. Then he went to the counter to get another slice of cake.
“Always good to hear stories about John,” Lestrade said, grinning.
Sherlock chop chopped. Just to be contrary he rushed his usual routine a bit to prove he could be quick, but…he showered rapidly but thoroughly, whilst simultaneously not thinking about what might be implied by
“A situation I’m sure he’ll remedy within a year or so.” Sherlock’s mind was whirring: a year. He and Molly had both been covenanted in September. If this became law, he and Molly would be sent to new commanders in four months at the latest. Sherlock lay down his biscuit, which no longer held the slightest appeal for him.
Sherlock eased himself back down, listening to the low murmur of voices and movement coming from the bed next to his. Chains. Sister Jane Seymour must be manacled to the bed, but he, Sherlock, was free. He closed his eyes and thought,
“Sorry,” he said when she struggled and hissed. “I’ve been clean five years, don’t much fancy ruining things now. “ He dragged his coat off her and cuffed her wrists together.
Sherlock shoved that thought firmly behind heavy bolted doors. He had work to do.
John blinked sluggishly. Morning light was streaming through the windows and Mike was shaking his shoulder, holding out a cup of tea.
“Not just her. We should have a spate of christenings coming up, and there will be some presentations as well—Sister Adelaide had her baby whilst you were away, just one, and a boy at that.”
“Fine, fine,” Simon said, smiling. A woman about John’s age was standing just behind him, swathed in a heavy cloak that billowed around her in the wind, her long hair a wild tangle around her face. “Cressida, have you met John? John Watson—he’s here visiting Sherlock. John, this is Cressida Dearborn, our poet in residence.”
“Are you serious? Why didn’t you tell me before?”
He lifted Mrs. Turner’s keys from her reticule on the way back from church on Sunday, knowing she’d think they had gone missing whilst she was out.  That night, he sat up, waiting, until Phillips knocked on his door and stuck his head round.
“No,” John said. He was shaking his head. “You’ve got the wrong woman. That’s not Mary.”
“So what?” Sherlock said. “Loads of alphas were married to betas before, and it still happens all the time. Alphas with servants, omegas with servants…”
A clutch of nannies and maids arrived to whisk the infants away and replace them with tea things, and Sherlock took advantage of Eglantyne’s momentary abandonment to slip in next to her. “You should get out,” he said to her in a low voice. “Soon. It’s the best chance you’ll get.”
Molly took the silver. “I wonder,” she said thoughtfully, “what was a shoe shop selling on the black market?”
John glanced up, then over at Sherlock. The gamekeeper had inevitably succumbed to Sherlock’s enthusiasm and found a dead duck someplace, which John had obligingly shot, and now Sherlock was happily engrossed in poring over it with his magnifying glass.
“Your brother’s a bit of an old woman, isn’t he?” Rowan said, as though reading Sherlock’s mind.
Now Sherlock looked at him. “What others?”
“Sir Willoughby’s not a reformer, so no one will be paying him much attention,” Sherlock said. “But he and Father were lifelong friends; he’s not actively opposed, either--”
“Shovel. Mr. Gregson wants him got in trim.”
Finally, late one raw night, Sherlock heard the sound of the door opening downstairs. Too late for Mrs. Hudson to be going out. It could be Mycroft, but it wasn’t—Sherlock knew that quick, decisive step. He stood up, mouth going dry and his heart hammering against his ribs, and wished abruptly that he were not in his pajamas.
“But then—you’re stuck here,” Mycroft said, looking surprised.
had fallen into his lap. If he let go, John was positive Sherlock would immediately resume his frantic whirling and then possibly John would end up going for his gun. On the other hand…this was ridiculous, an utterly bizarre thing to be doing, but somehow it did not seem as bizarre as it would if John had found himself with a hand on the groin of any other male of his acquaintance. John always seemed to end up putting his hands on Sherlock in inappropriate ways: getting his phone out of his pocket, shoving food in his mouth, pulling cigarettes out of his mouth, pushing him all over the flat (into the shower, out of the shower, into bed, off of John’s laptop).  He was more like John’s child than his flatmate. They were half a step away from John putting a tissue to Sherlock’s nose and telling him to blow, John thought. So in that light, this wasn’t all that strange. (Or possibly it was stranger.)
“We need to find someone who knew about the team in 1989,” Sherlock said.
“Where did you want to go? Or not where I suppose; when.”
penis.”
“He’s better at it that I am,” John said wryly.
“Nothing. You’re finished.”
caught. If you have learned nothing else this morning, John, have you not realized that my brother can act only if he knows you are safe?”
. Gawd.
Irene finished her pint. “I’m off to see my little honey-dove,” she said, grinning. “Ready, Wiggy?”
“Just tell what you know. We’ve got to pass the time somehow.”
John was not allowed to see Sherlock for hours. Fortunately, in the intervening time, he was taken to a lovely dry room where he was provided with a fire, a hot bath and--
“You’ll always be a musician,” Tiernan said with utter assurance. “Even if you’re something else.”
Sherlock’s quick eyes flicked to his face, and then away.
John was elated. Chicken! He had read a word, all alone, without any help from anyone, and a big word with an
“Hey, I’m Ron Liao,” the man said cheerfully. “I’m the vascular surgeon on call. You’ve got a bit of a nick in the brachial artery here, so we’re just going to pop up to the operating theatre and fix that up, shall we?”
Wiggins waved this aside “So maybe you pinched the card from him and used it yourself. Which is dead easy, by the way, as you see. Still not going to do him any favors and he’s not going to be thinking very highly of you either, is he?”
“Indeed.” Mr. Brocklehurst’s pale face was flushed slightly along his sharp cheekbones. “And yet none of you reported it.”
After a time the kiss stopped being pure and became rather hungry. John broke away finally to kiss over Sherlock’s entire face, moving down his neck with somewhat less care about marks than he usually took. “John,” Sherlock gasped, clutching at John erratically. “I want—I want—“
“You’re a lifesaver,” Ryan said. “You need to pick up or anything?”
“Not enough time.” Rowan thrust against him and Sherlock braced his forearms on the potting bench, digging his gloved fingers into the old wood. He was having trouble keeping his eyes open, heat rising in his thighs and making them tremble. “You know what I’d really like to do? I’d like to fuck you on Mycroft’s bed so when he got in there he’d smell it and know I made you come—“
“Oh, it’s no trouble, dear, I already had everything made up. Mrs. Turner hosts when it’s my turn, you see, and I take the food. Only I won’t be back until late this evening, so can you make sure Sherlock washes the tea things? I’ll fetch them back in the morning.”
“True.” Sherlock considered. “All right, I’ll take a case if it’s interesting or the client is very rich. I had an email from Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis today, actually. One of her cronies managed to lose his trophy wife. At the
Rosie had planted both hands in the noodles, fascinated by this new and slippery sensation. She starfished her little hands experimentally, finally managing to clutch one noodle in a tiny fist, and raised it to her mouth. Sherlock watched her eyes grow wide with the delightful discovery of butter.
“Who else would I call?”
. He focused on that, on the pure blissful sensation, and felt his mind’s iron grip slacken as his body loosened and dissolved cloud-light into pleasure.
“I don’t
“And you eat those eggs,” John said, squeezing his arse. “You’re getting a bit skinny here. I want this plumped back up.”
got Sherlock’s attention. He actually opened his eyes. “I’m not a coward!” he said indignantly, voice gone rusty from disuse.
“I know how badly you were hurting,” John said carefully, “and I think part of you was just spoiling for a fight, but that wasn’t all of it. I agree that you should have an equal say in our relationship, but for that to happen you are going to have to tell me what you want.”
“Yeah, because you never leave your tower. Which she also told me. And the outside doors are always locked, as I found out when I came here with her…but I also found out that she wasn’t the only one who brought guests in. The Reverend Simon Fallows, who runs a special retreat for PTSD sufferers, is always having counseling sessions on the side. Getting into the PTSD retreat turned out to be a hell of a lot harder than the others though. There was already a waiting list, but I moved up it pretty quick. That’s the thing about guys with PTSD…the suicide rate is so high, nobody looks twice, even when there are three of them in a row.”
This one is recent but if you haven't read it: CatilinFairchild's
“I have not heard,” Mycroft said tentatively, “if any determination of pater—“
…” his words dissolved into a wordless groan as his semen spurted hotly onto Sherlock’s face and chest.  That did it for Sherlock, who cried out sharply and thrust up into John’s hot, clenching arse, coming so hard he almost knocked John off.
Sherlock sounded so exactly like himself reading this that John gave up trying to hold back and fell over laughing. Sherlock stopped reading and frowned at where John was literally rolling on the floor, with the look that meant he was unsure if he were being laughed at or not.
He had lived with this music for months, working it over for hours in his head on trains, in cabs, on long sleepless nights, without ever hearing it aloud. And now he knew. It was beautiful.
“Sodding little rats,” Minchin bellowed as he stormed into the room, swinging a lantern. They were so close to the door that he went right past them and shone the lantern into the entire room, illuminating a sea of wide-eyed faces before finally swinging around to take in the frozen tableau behind him. “What the bleeding hell?”
“We had the substance analyzed, what was left of it, but it was a dead end,” Gregson went on. “No one had ever seen it before or knew where it came from.  But now you’re saying that you found a formula in this notebook and just happened to recognize it as the same chemical?”
Mary was silent after that. He told her the situation, the fact that Mycroft would give the file back to his underling with permission to carry out the search for Kristen Amburgey, but that given the lack of fingerprints the process could take quite a while. He told her Mycroft’s offer.
Rouncewell put a heavy hand on his shoulder. “Good lad,” he said.
“Yes.” Sherlock was feeling much better now; he was still smiling, and the hollow feeling was gone. Now that he’d eaten he was beginning to feel sleepy. He was going to go and see the sights of Denver, he decided, and then find a motel and take a nap, and then give Grindr a whirl. No bears. Outside the sky over the flat plains to the east was turning pink, and the diner was beginning to fill up with lorry drivers. “I should probably be going. Enjoy the job. And John?”
been friendly and open. Sherlock saw the curl of his lip and sighed inwardly, knowing what would come next.
“Plenty of time for that when we get out of here,” John said, having come to his senses now that Sherlock was no longer pressing against him.
Sherlock nodded; there really wasn’t any more to say. He looked out the window as they turned into the sun, heading east, back the way he had come.
“And Commander Magnussen’s coming for dinner tomorrow and no fruit to be had these days; if we have to give him boiled custard again with that artificial vanilla….” Mrs. Turner was saying.
Sherlock hummed absently. The night was warm and he was wearing only his white dress shirt, with the sleeves rolled up. In the soft candlelight of the terrace he looked very young, pale skin and shirt almost luminous.
Sherlock took in a shaking breath. Molly’s arms went around him, in as loose of an embrace as a small woman could manage with a large man. Sherlock had never been much of an expert on hugging, but in the last month he had hugged two people—an increase over his previous lifetime total of zero—and now for the first time understood the difference between
“John, physical attraction is a psychological—“
How could she be so naïve? “What makes you think you can believe her?”
“Of course I have. I lived there.”
“I can’t remember Emmy’s face either. But she had ginger hair, and it was very soft and silky. I remember that. I can remember what she sounded like when she was laughing. And...you’re right, we used to sleep like this, and I remember how she felt against me. It was like a hole in the bed, when she was gone.”
“Thanks though, I’ll let you know if I get really desperate.”
Weeks later, back at the convent, Sherlock saw the girl. She was walking with the novitiate out to the gardens as the order came in. She was pale, with a ribbon of ginger hair visible under her cap, and her mother’s sad green eyes.
“Oh no, stop right there,” John said, holding up one hand. “I’m not disagreeing with you that Sherlock is fragile, but you’ve already proven that you don’t have a clue about me. My whole heart wasn’t in my previous relationships, because my whole heart belongs to Sherlock. Just because it took me five bloody years to realize that doesn’t make it not true.” Mycroft still looked unconvinced, so John leaned forward and said in a low voice, “Mycroft. Did you really think I made the choice I did just for the sake of my very deep friendship?”
“Oh no you won’t. Things don’t work that way, Sherlock, and if you try that I’ll refuse to take it. Can you just shut up and listen for once? Sally likes MacDougall. She says she’s clever, and cares more about justice than getting credit. She thinks she can talk MacDougall into letting you in on this, especially since with you being on house arrest you can’t show up and start bossing her around.”
“I’ve got something to tell you,” he said quickly. “Do you think we can slip out to the courtyard?”
“What?” John, distracted and irritated, got to his feet.
Sherlock suddenly stood stock still, soap dripping forgotten in his hand.
they hissed;
“And if it were only my life at stake I wouldn’t either,” Watson said raggedly. “But it’s not. I’m too important here. And what would happen to you? Do you get sent back? And then how long before Moriarty snaps you up?”
“I don’t want to call it anything,” John said. Picturing Sherlock in that gloomy dungeon-like prison had left him depressed and a little hopeless. “I just want Sherlock back home where he belongs so I never have to think about it again.”
Sherlock’s eyes lit up. “John, that’s brilliant! It would require some extensive travel though. Maybe Mycroft—“
“How did you pay him? I assume you did have to pay him.”
John ruffled his hair. “Why do you think?”
The man screamed, temporarily blinded and hand going automatically to his eyes instead of his belt, and Sherlock hit him with the cattle prod. The man toppled from his chair, twitching, and Sherlock pulled out a syringe and jabbed it into his hip. The man made a sort of grunt, as though he’d been struck in the solar plexus, and went still.
Molly was at the park most days. If they were both with their maids they could walk together with the maids trailing behind; it was like being back in the convent gardens when they were novices. But more often Molly was accompanied by Commander Adler’s guard captain, a watchful alpha woman called Kate, and occasionally by Commander Adler herself. This was unusual. Bonded couples often strolled at the other end of the park, but Commanders rarely spent time with their ancillae.
Sherlock lay for a moment with his eyes closed, trying to get his bearings, but his head was now throbbing in agony too. Help, he needed help. He managed to get his phone free and hit Lestrade’s number, only to realize that with his hearing gone from the blast he could not tell if he was listening to the phone ringing, or Lestrade answering, or even his voice mail. He hung up in frustration and fumbled his way through a text.
Henry nodded. “I’ve been there since I left the convent. The Commander I got was in the Foreign Service and he goes abroad a lot, so he requested a honeymoon.”
“I don’t want—I don’t want her hurt. I mean…”
John choked on a mouthful of ice. “Shit! I’m not telling you about that.”
Finally, finally Rowan’s banging became faster and more erratic and he shoved into Sherlock in one final, spine-splitting thrust. Sherlock bit down on the duvet to keep from crying out and Rowan took a few final shoves for good measure and then stilled. Sherlock exhaled in relief—finally it was over—and then Rowan pulled out, which, impossibly, hurt more than it had going in.
“Pretty good, I guess; he was at the local comprehensive before. Neighbors thought he was just weird, didn’t realize there was an actual disorder.”
“What? What is it?” Lestrade asked.
“Well, one of them is. Here, fix this up on the wall, next to the picture of the man at the florist—no, not that one, there, to the right. And leave off that—“
Sally leaned over his shoulder, frowning in concentration. “Looks like all three women were murdered in the baby’s room. They look like nurseries to me.”
“O-kay,” John said. “Maybe I don’t. Do you not want me to stay here? Did you get used to living alone again?”
Ryan and Rodriguez hung up at the same time and looked at each other. Ryan was pale under her makeup. “He’s pissed,” she said.
“Oh God,” Sherlock said suddenly, flinging his head back again, “Oh—God—John—John—
“He was beaten, Owen, with the buckle end of a belt. We’re taught to recognize what that looks like, and I’ve seen it before, although never this bad. This wasn’t some kind of rough sex play. This was Moran beating the crap out of him. It must have hurt like hell.” The image of the paracetamol flashed through John’s mind again and he had to stop to fight the tightness in his throat.
“Longer for me than for you, I think, if we’re counting from Oxford.”
John ate his rice, flipped through the various channels in a desultory way, and let recent events percolate through his mind. He thought about Sherlock sleeping during a case and his thin shoulders, his shadowed eyes and scratched voice, and he worried, a little. He felt Moriarty behind it somehow, but the thing about Moriarty was that he was a bit like global warming: you knew the threat of catastrophe was there, but after you changed out the light bulbs, there was only so much worrying you could do. So he thought instead about Sylvie. Actively. On occasion, there were definite advantages to having the flat to himself.
“Still, I’m sorry,” John said, the smile fading from his face. He looked back at the fire. “I’m sorry about a lot of things.”
“Are you going to stay awake this time? ‘Cause I’ve already gone through this the last two times you woke up.”
“This is Sherlock Holmes. Are you familiar with that name?” Sherlock had finally reconciled with the fact that most people seemed to have a vague awareness of who he was, which could on occasion be useful.
“Supposed to be locking you in,” Watson said. “Phillips and I were getting the commander settled; he’s had a bit more than was good for him. Phillips is going to sit up with him a bit so I said I’d make the rounds. Good thing you turned up; I was just about to rouse the whole house.” He seemed more amused than annoyed.
“Did you get injured?”
Lord Sherlock frowned, momentarily distracted. “Do you think so? Maybe I should work on that.”
“Teddy—is it a nickname for Ursula, or short for Theodora?”
“But he’s here someplace, right?”
John raised up on one elbow to take a look. “You’re not flushed. You’re sunburnt,” he said.
“It’s complicated, he usually—actually, this could be good, there’s a case.” He read the text again.
he’d said furiously.
“Think I’ll make risotto,” he said to Sherlock, who made a noncommittal noise from where he was frowning over his laptop. Sherlock loved John’s risotto, and John knew it. John went whistling into the kitchen, pulled out his large saucepan, and discovered a clump of tail feathers stuck to the inside with what appeared to be dried intestines.
aren’t who you thought you were.”
“Actually,” Stripe said slowly, “you might be in luck. There’s a new bloke I’ve been hearing about. Fancies himself a consultant, apparently. He’s working on getting my supplier a line on a better product. From what I hear, he can sort just about anything.”
Sherlock put his phone away and John, on impulse, put out his hand. After a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock took it, and they held hands the rest of the way home.
John arrived home after midnight. He had eventually texted Mary with some lie about meeting up with Lestrade since he was nearby, and she had replied back cheerily enough, having seemingly not suspected a thing. Maybe he was a competent liar after all. John
A man in Yorkshire prayed every day for the soul of Neil Garrison.
Ryan folded her arms and sighed. “We looked at that too. This is our job, you know.”
A few weeks later Sherlock was transferred to a private rehabilitation facility on the other side of London. He found a certain grim irony in being sent to rehab again, even though it was a completely different type of rehab; his first few days off the morphine certainly had a miserable nauseated familiarity. At the hospital he had at least had Mrs. Hudson’s daily visits—he had thought them tedious at the time, but now of course he missed them—and most nights someone stopping by on their way home. John had gone back to work and seemed even more apathetic that ever when he'd come round, but least seeing him still alive and walking helped to remind Sherlock that he had gone through all of this for a reason.
Sherlock looked around as though hopeful Mrs. Hudson would materialize with food and spare him the trouble of getting up, but Mrs. Hudson had seen John returning with the shopping and knew he had the situation in hand. “I suppose,” he said finally. “Give me a few minutes to dress.”
“But that might buy us some time. If you work out the stabilization—“
At an unfamiliar airport two of the soldiers helped him limp to the toilets, where he washed the dirt and soot from his face, and from there to a waiting private jet. His seat was almost as wide as his bed back in Samarkand, and it reclined to support his stiffening leg. Sherlock let himself lean back and rested his aching right arm on the padded armrest. He had not been so comfortable in months, and as the plane lifted off he indulged in an idle fantasy that he could just stay here forever, suspended between lives, far from everything.
Mummy shut the pantry with a snap and gave Mycroft a look that made him drop his gaze in a hurry. “Anything else?”
, whom John would fucking
“Mine,” John said, kissing the top of his head.
Sherlock blinked, looked again, and sat up. He searched the file but could find nothing else on the disposition of the account other than the notation “Emptied and closed”. Had he ever gotten the number of the account in the Channel Islands where Regal Florist’s customers were sending payment? He pulled out his phone and punched Mycroft’s number and then jumped a mile when a phone rang directly behind him.
“Well…shit,” John said.
“I guess so, she has a lot of bags,” Elyer said, rolling his eyes. “Radio up to the house and have one of the guys come give us a hand carrying them in, okay?”
It was the closest thing to a hug he’d ever had. To Sherlock it felt like the most wonderful gift of all.
Sherlock had been tortured on several occasions, the last just over a month prior to his extraction. He had been in terrible pain, and oxycodone had been easily obtainable in prison. After the last time he had been transferred to solitary confinement and at that point had also begun taking high-dose alprazolam.
Lady Smallwood held up a hoop and needle and then pointedly looked at Sherlock until he sighed and picked up his own needle. He obediently made a few running stitches and back stitches, then watched as Lady Smallwood held up a sampler and explained how these could be used to form letters and numbers. “See if you can stitch your own name.”
“Oh.” Sherlock touched his pocket in apparent surprise. “So I did. Thank you.” He took the handkerchief and folded his hands into his sleeves, following Mrs. Hudson out the door. He knew John would have noted the sundial embroidered into the corner, surrounded by fruits and flowers. Sherlock had knotted none of his stitching, and as he walked he carefully picked out the embroidery, letting the lengths of silk fall to the ground unnoticed. By the time they reached the park the handkerchief was unmarked save for the monogram on the opposite corner.
“Fine,” John said. “Sherlock, I’m fine. Sherlock!”  Sherlock had got the parka free and now threw it to the floor heedless of the fact that it was covered in explosives.
John’s need to protect Sherlock, personally, was so visceral it nearly overwhelmed him, but the rational part of his brain recognized the sense of Owen’s plan. “Okay,” he said finally.
“But that doesn’t make sense! You finding that painting led to the downfall of the Malavita, and that led you to Cornwall, and that led to the collapse of Moriarty’s whole—“
“Bloody dogs,” a man said, voice hoarse and slightly slurred. “Right nuisance, they are…let me get the door shut and I’ll let them out, it’s an electronic gate.”
His voice was unexpectedly deep. John turned away and bent to the windows. They were ridiculously secure: the brickwork would probably give way before the iron bars ever would.
“Now, where were we?” the man, evidently Davy Dreadful, was saying. “Oh yeah, I was saying how good your dress looks…and how much better it would look on my floor.”
anyone like Sherlock, with his lightning brilliance and mercurial passions. Strangest of all, Sherlock seemed just as taken with John as John with him.
“Sherlock,” John hissed, “Are you sure this is a good--”
They were by this time having most of their encounters in Tiernan’s room, since Sherlock liked to be able to escape back to his own room after and Tiernan had a higher tolerance for gamey sheets, but they happened to be in Sherlock’s on the night that Tiernan spread Sherlock’s buttocks, rubbed his thumbs over his untouched entrance and groaned, “Ah Jesus, Sherlock, I want to fuck you so much. God, you make me crazy.”
John suddenly became aware that Sherlock had stopped talking to watch him, focusing his attention on John’s face in a way that was achingly, poignantly familiar. “What?” he asked.
“What have we here?” he drawled. Sherlock immediately dropped his gaze but too late; the alpha moved in like a tiger spotting prey. He stopped so close Sherlock could feel his breath on his cheek. Even with his gaze lowered Sherlock could feel his eyes crawling all over his body, like ants. “Oh yessssss,” the man breathed, low. “I remember you. I thought you’d gone. Didn’t know you were so pretty.”
Charges were also dropped against Tassie Phelps, but she could not find another nanny position and instead wrote a memoir which is due to come out in the fall. John and Lestrade both pre-ordered copies to give Sherlock for Christmas.
Sherlock didn’t like to examine his growing relationship with James too closely. At first he’d seemed only a potential source of information, someone fortuitously similar enough to Sherlock to be easily manipulated. He was coming to realize that he was genuinely fascinated by James: he didn’t
“No, go ahead. Like I said, no rule against it.”
“I was just going to bed and I remembered I’d forgotten to bring this up. It came today when you were out.” Mrs. Hudson held out a parcel. “But if you don’t want to be disturbed…”
“I’ll be taking your bed out here, I’m told?”
“Well, he should be easy enough to find. It’s impossible to just disappear these days.” Sherlock sniffed. “If this Overton would get over his paranoia about publicity and call in the police, even they could probably find him before the first preseason match. And if not he won’t be any less missing after we find the painting.”
John stretched out his hand and Sherlock took it, turning his palm up to touch two fingers to John’s wrist. “So slow and steady,” he said, marveling, and John could almost feel Sherlock’s own skittering pulse slowing to match his. “In music, the low instruments are the heartbeat of the piece, did you know that? When everything is atonal and I’m the screaming violin, you’re the cello who comes in and makes everything right.”
A week later, Sherlock slammed the last of the lab notebooks shut and declared them finished.
“I know.”
I needed something to set myself against, Sherlock thought, but all he said was “I’d get sunburnt in Ibiza.”
“We’re cousins, sir,” John said quietly.
Sherlock nodded. It had been the same all night. Actually, it had been the same all week. If Moriarty had really returned from the dead, he had a peculiar way of declaring himself open for business: no one in Sherlock’s extensive network of criminal contacts had had any sign of him.
“Er.” John was a bit distracted by the conflicting sensations of stretch and pleasure. “It’s supposed to feel like a walnut, that’s what they always told us. You need to turn your fingers—no, the other way, forward, towards my dick. Yeah. Now I think you’re too deep so—
Are you saying Mary has—“
Sherlock glared at the phone. John would not be so dismissive if he knew what Sherlock had planned, which was to go to a nightclub, identify a dealer, and buy drugs. He considered texting this to John. John would spend the whole night worrying about what Sherlock was up to, which with any luck would adversely affect his date. On the other hand, John was likely simply alert Lestrade, which would be disastrous. In the best case scenario Lestrade would accompany him, which would torpedo the whole thing before it began; any dealer with half a brain would identify Lestrade as police as soon as he walked through the door.
Caro came back as Sherlock was drying the last of the dishes and Teddy was filling the kettle. “We need to get you back downstairs,” she said.
“Oh, you’re lovely, but I’m fine, really.”
Sherlock only wept harder and clutched at his hand. “I’m sorry,” he cried. “I never should have left, I should have stayed and fought with you, we’re brothers, you’re my brother in arms, I should have…”
“Right,” John said, still feeling a step behind. “But how did you know you might need to friend a dim posh sixth former when you set this up?”
“Whatever you like,” John said. “Mr. Roach caught some rabbits too. We can shoot them and pretend they’re Sebastian.”
A shout went up and John paused, looking up to see smoke billowing out in the field. The firebreak was still not finished—more of a daisy chain of disconnected holes—and he shouted to the others, “Hurry! Hurry!” The villager next to him made a noise—almost a growl—and he glanced over to see her drive her shovel into the thin bridge of dirt separating their two holes. She was an alpha, and strong; in a few minutes the two of them had a respectable trench covering the widest part of the gap.
“What case? All you’ve been doing is looking at forensic reports!”
“And also you can barely move,” John pointed out.
Considered objectively, Sherlock thought, his parents’ bias—unconscious though it may have been--was perfectly understandable. Of course they wouldn’t want to acknowledge that their brilliant prodigy was inherently flawed, a generation-defining killer; far easier to assume the bad seed was the intellectual runt of the litter. Sherlock.
Minchin frowned and held the lantern higher. “It’s right there,” he said triumphantly. “Morris, you’re practically sitting on it, you blind scab.”
“Here’s the address of the cleaner’s,” Sherlock informed her, handing her a slip of paper along with a heavy laundry bag. “It’s just round the corner. And here’s the shopping. Can you buy nicotine patches?”
“No, but I’m not as good at spotting him as you are,” John said. He balanced Lily on his hip and made a wide-mouthed face at her, trying to get her to open up and show him the tooth. Mary had made Sherlock right off the bat, of course—she wouldn’t have lasted long in her former life if she hadn’t been able to spot a tail, particularly an amateur like Sherlock—and they’d talked to Mycroft. Mycroft had obliquely explained that Sherlock had developed something of a fixation with the Watsons' safety and offered to “take steps” if his presence became troublesome. That was the last thing either of them wanted, so they just covertly kept an eye on him.
James flicked a narrow sidelong glance at him and Sherlock tensed, sure James would notice something amiss, but James said only, “You’re letting that burn down,” and Sherlock jumped a little and knocked the long ash loose.
Sherlock considered lying, but he knew his only shot at getting what he had come for was to tell the truth, and anyway he was surprised to find he rather liked Janine. It was a relief to come clean. “To destroy your boss,” he said bluntly.
“Peregrine falcons. They usually nest here in the spring, but I haven’t seen—oh there’s one, look.”
Victoria Trevor looked up, a sheet of pale straight hair falling over her face before she tucked it back absently. “You should cut a fringe,” Sherlock said.
“Oh, Sherlock, that hurt you,” John said sadly. Sherlock’s orgasm had finally subsided, but he was still quivering, now curled up against John’s chest with one arm clutching at his bad leg. They were both a bit of a mess; John hadn’t been able to reach anything to wipe them off with.
“Yeah—Sherlock!”
“All right.” Sherlock leaned forward, clasping his hands around his knee. “Moriarty himself is untouchable. He’ll have made sure nothing can be traced back to him—you’ve seen that for yourself. But a large part of his recent success is due in part to his second in command, Colonel Moran. You know of him?”
Sherlock woke into a dreary twilight feeling terrible. What had he been thinking? He couldn’t do this. How had he ever imagined he’d be able to wake up every day and face the rest of his life without drugs? He might as well throw himself off the roof right now and save everyone the intervening misery.
E-mails first: hardly any unopened, why? Oh, John had been sending out some sort of autoreply:
“I met with Ian Braithewaite,” Lestrade said. “He was adamant that he had barely been to the aquatic centre all summer and that he had never met James Allen, and his mother backed him up. We took a picture of him back to James and he was a bit startled. He admitted that he had never seen Ian Braithewaite before, but he gave us a description of the boy he had known: slight, dark hair, very blue eyes.” They all looked at Sherlock, with his very blue eyes, and Sherlock looked at the floor. “I went to the music workshop, although honestly I thought that was likely to be a lie as well, and of course they wouldn’t just hand over a list of the attendees that summer. But when I asked the director if they’d had anyone who matched the description I saw that he knew who I meant, and he was willing to identify you to me based on that. I remembered your name right away from reading the old case file. They should have listened to you last spring, looks like.”
“I’m afraid even to try. Right now I’m certain he doesn’t know he’s under suspicion—I’ve been extremely discreet. He probably doesn’t even realize we’ve connected these murders.”
Chapters 3, 12 and 17 are from the 19
capable of taking my own cleaning normally.
John stretched and yawned, rolling to his right side to face Sherlock. He was curious about the notebook, but wasn’t sure if it was something he should ask about. “Why was that boy Daniel so rude to you? I mean,
“Just the landing,” Sherlock wheedled. “Then we’ll see about the rest.”
“Really?” She clicked around on the blog. “Army doctor. Bit of a grey area, that. I’ll have to think on it.”
“Yes. Only children under twelve are protected from hanging. Or prison, for lesser crimes. But Father has a scheme to introduce reform schools. Boys up to sixteen will instead be sent to reform schools where they will stay until they’re eighteen, and be taught a skill.”
“Is this your work?” John asked politely as Matthew stood silently aside to let them in.
“If you want to act like a child then this is what you get,” John said, breathless from the effort of holding Sherlock in place while he walloped him.
John wasn’t an idiot, no matter what people thought. He actually found it somewhat adorable that Sherlock apparently didn’t realize that John knew exactly what was in his head; but then, Sherlock himself could sometimes be a bit of an idiot.
“How did you know what the cat meant?”
“Where are you off to?”
“No. He sounded…he sounded that scary, I got chills on the other side of the door. He said he’d be off then, he’d something big in the works and it was a shame Commander Pitts couldn’t be part of it. Then he said he’d see himself out and off he went. I didn’t dare take a step out of that room til I heard him gone down the stairs, I don’t mind telling you; I was too scared he’d catch sight of me.”
He doesn’t know anything, John told himself for the hundredth time. He’s just watchful; who wouldn’t be in his position? And just because he’s Pitt’s handmaiden doesn’t mean he supports him, or reports to him…but the ancillus unsettled him. It was though he’d opened a golden cage expecting to find a canary and instead come face to face with a falcon.
There was a brief silence, which Sherlock enjoyed immensely. He had so few pleasures these days.
Sherlock drank some water and availed himself of the litter. His clothing had dried but smelled terrible, rank with sweat and river water, so he stripped down to his underthings and wrapped himself in a blanket. Then he sat down to think.
“Oh, I didn’t say that, darling,” she said, smiling. “But why try to publish fake allegations of impropriety when I can get you the real dirt on tax evasion?”
“And what about your parents? Would it help you to talk to them?”
dull. Rather like you.”
Sherlock subsided and John moved around. There was a clatter as John bumped the bedside table and said, “Whoops!”, and more things crashed around, apparently due to John trying to put them back.
“Well, I’ve got old, Holmes. Never mind. In a wrinkle, one doesn’t travel physically to a different point in the time stream the way I have. If I had wrinkled, I wouldn’t be here talking to you while my forty-year-old counterpart works in Lincolnshire. I would
Sherlock couldn’t help smiling. He was alone, truly alone, for the first time in months, and he went outside and sat on the wall to enjoy it, turning his face up to the sun. He would go for a walk soon, work on getting his strength back, and then he would sit in the sun and read his book. There were much worse ways to spend the day.
“So you think you can get him to confess?” McGinty asked, maneuvering the car back onto the freeway. He’d called Aronsen from the car to catch her up and was now headed back downtown to drop Sherlock at his hotel. “Curtis Harmon?”
“You were absolutely right. There was already a conviction in this case too, and it didn’t get a lot of attention—small town, a lot of meth, lots of dumb guys hurting women. But the details were exactly the same. I sent Sally the crime scene photos—she’s getting them up on her laptop now.”
Angus grinned. “Yeah, all right. Two-three hours by horse; no way to get there by car. Bunch o’ them moved up there years ago, and families bring their lassies when they come of an age to take up as well. Woman named Morag runs the place; she used to be GP down in the village and she knows a lot about herbs as well, so she keeps them busy making tinctures and so on.” He flicked an amused glance toward Sherlock. “Asking for yerself?”
“Oh. Well, that’s good, I guess. Hungry?”
“Shut up and get over here or I swear I’ll stuff those pants in your mouth.”
“…it’s a little
Finally they were escorted into a bare cinderblock room where Curtis Harmon sat waiting, shackled to a chair.
“We only need to be convincing for a few seconds, long enough for me to get a good look at whomever answers the door,” Sherlock said. He had left his coat and jacket at home and was fidgeting irritably with his own tie. “Can you do an American accent?”
John looked into Sherlock’s burning pale eyes.
“Rather early, aren’t you?”
“Listen,” Lestrade said. “I know you’ve got a brilliant career planned out as a musician—“
Sherlock looked at it for a long moment and then away, staring into the gathering dark outside.
“Well, Clara is my sister in law,” John began, “but she and I were actually friends first—we did our medical training together. Then Harry came to London for uni and there ended up being a whole group of us who were friends.”
“I do not lie,” Sherlock managed. John felt his hands clenching into fists under his makeshift bindings.  “I will prove it to you this very night.”
“Uh, actually it is, Sherlock. Check your phone.”
John was beginning to have the feeling that he had been driving through this endless twilit countryside forever. The long day, the fear and worry, were all taking their toll; he was now tired as well as tense. He could hear Sherlock digging around in the hamper and after a moment he passed up a sandwich and the flask of coffee.
Sherlock made a desperate sound as John pressed his back into the wall and rubbed against him, arms going around John’s neck and holding on for dear life. His head was too high this way for John to kiss him, but his head had fallen back and John fastened his mouth on that white throat and nipped, filled with a sudden, puerile desire to mark him. He bent his knees and hauled Sherlock up a few inches more, letting his own cock slip underneath his spread legs. “Oh,” Sherlock gasped. “Oh yes, do it, take me right here…”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed.
“…he’s the devil you know. Right. So what are we going to do about it?”
The second guard saluted smartly and stepped from the room, and Lord Mycroft turned to John to say, “If you would request the gentlemen waiting outside to join us, I believe we have some information to convey to Parliament as soon as possible. In addition you may want to ask the guards to find Colonel Moran and take him into custody also—he will no longer be required to act in the House of Lords, obviously.”
“But you’re not, uh, part of that?”
The sun was just up when John made his way out with the satchel, making him squint up at where Sherlock was already perched impatiently on Blackbeard as though ready to lead troops into battle. He had done off with the ridiculous coat and hat and John saw him properly for the first time: the fine straight line of his back, his long neck and high cheekbones, the piercing grey-blue of his eyes. John’s chest gave a funny, squeezing clench. Lord Sherlock was…beautiful; there was no other word for it, as beautiful and proud as the finest Arabian John had ever seen. He realized abruptly that he was staring and flushed, turning to Hermes.
“You can’t seriously—“
“Be still, you’re making it smaller yet,” John said. “You just only slept in mine that once since you got tall.”
loved you and I always will.”
John switched sides, sucking Sherlock’s cold peaked nipple into his mouth and making him moan. He did his neck next, and then his earlobes, and then he held a piece of melting ice in his hand and let the frigid water drip down onto Sherlock’s hard prick for a few minutes before leaning over and sucking the whole thing into his warm mouth. Sherlock gave a groan that seemed to come directly from his toes, his whole body arching into the contact.
Second, more and bigger apologies to those who were (righfully) upset by the previous version of this chapter. I hadn't realized a scene I had perceived as an episode of consensual (if screwed up) sex actually came across as much more dubious than I had intended. I took the chapter down instead of just editing online so that no one else would read it and be upset, and in the process lost everyone's comments--so I'm apologizing also for not responding to those!
“Exactly, and I’d expect to see more signs of a struggle in that case. There is one thing I thought of. I saw a case report months ago in which a man died of laryngospasm during waterboarding. That could look like this…but why would anyone have been waterboarding him?”
“You see, John, there is little sputum and none of it is purulent, and there is no blood. Your cousin is very thin, but besides this complaint he is healthy and strong—he just needs a bit of feeding up.” Dr. Woodcourt made another note on the chart. “We will get you something a little heartier and you will try to eat it, so your cousin will not worry so much, all right?”
“You knew,” John said in a tone that could freeze lava. “You knew weeks ago. You knew, and you went back.”
“Our guy has some nerve,” Roz said when they were back on the freeway. “Even if he backed right up to her apartment, even allowing it was the middle of the day—he must have had blood all over him. And what did he even put the fetus in?”
“I suppose so,” Sherlock said, fitting the key in the lock. “But of course he hasn’t actually said anything outright, so I’ve been--”
“Confined to his room, and I’m sure there’s going to be a grueling talk with my father once the house party’s over. He’ll probably whinge and make excuses. I know why he did it: I heard him earlier in the summer, trying to tease his mother into asking for an increase in her allowance. He says he needs more spending money so that he can be in a set with the better boys at Eton.” The contempt in Sherlock’s voice could have stripped paint.
“I mean, I told her when she hired me I’d be cutting it eventually,” Violet went on. “I let it get to here and then I cut it off for one of the charities that make wigs, you know, for kids with cancer. But I suppose she forgot.”
Sherlock blinked. Of course John didn’t want him to take off his clothes; that had been the whole point, hadn’t it? To make him uncomfortable? Apparently it had worked. Now it was Sherlock who was uncomfortable, pinned to the wall like a butterfly, suddenly acutely aware of the heat of John’s body just inches from his. The anger seemed to have drained from John’s face, although he was still gripping Sherlock hard enough to hurt. He was so close Sherlock could no longer read his face. He was close enough to kiss. Sherlock desperately wanted to kiss him and at the same time he wanted, equally desperately, to get away. “Fine,” he said, trying to sound supercilious and condescending, and twisted a little as though to break free and flounce off. He succeeded only in brushing his pyjama-clad erection against the hard bulge in John’s own trousers.
“It’s not a terrorist attack.” Sherlock whispered. “It’s just as Irene told you, the terrorists are a myth. This is Moriarty, creating a crisis and a power vacuum in one move. It’s why he’s not here. He’ll come swooping back in and take advantage of the chaos to seize command. And this, keeping us here—it’s not for our protection. It would be the worst possible idea if there were really terrorists, they may as well draw a target over the church. We have to get out. Now.”
But not always.
John, who was trying to turn his phone back on with one hand whilst navigating the Harrogate railway station and carrying his overnight case and the insulated carrier, had to look all around before he spotted the man hailing him.
he said involuntarily. Sherlock grinned with his eyes closed.
Sherlock knew perfectly well that John was more concerned about Sherlock’s safety than about Ricoletti slipping the net, but it was a good point all the same. He rang Lestrade and filled him in.
Two days later, Sherlock rejoined Molly for their daily outing. He was still stiff and sore—some omegas spent the whole week after heat in bed—but he was already mind-numbingly bored with staying in his room.
“See anything you like?”
John felt a surge of affection for Tank.
“You were brilliant,” John said forcefully. “You saved our lives, Sherlock. He would have killed us, and Mary, and my daughter too, maybe.”
Pushing into Teddy was the most glorious sensation he had ever known and the worst feeling of John’s life. This was what had been lacking with Callie: this tightness, the firmness of him so different from a woman, the feeling of it so indefinably
“—or a chemist. I haven’t made up my mind yet,” Sherlock said quickly.
“It’s the only way to stop him,” Sherlock said with quiet intensity.
—and John caught him by the other arm to stop him falling. Sherlock stumbled backward and landed against the bit of wall separating the kitchen and the landing door.
Everything happened at once. Sherlock, once again a half step ahead of everyone else, suddenly exploded up out of their huddle, knocking John backwards. He heard Lestrade shout into his radio at the same instant that Tassie said furiously, “Fuck that, you bastard,” and then there was a shriek and a crash and Lestrade, trying to get to his feet, tripped over John as he was trying to stand also and they both crashed into a nearby car. John pulled himself up to see Willfen pelting toward the main staircase and thought, no fucking way, not
The potting shed had once been a chicken coop and still had old angled windows over the bench, looking out the way they had come. Rowan maneuvered Sherlock around to the bench and turned him so he was facing out, pulling him back by the hips so that his arse was pressed against Rowan’s groin. “Oh, much better,” Rowan sighed, grinding. Sherlock, who was half aroused all the time these days anyway, immediately felt himself harden. “That wind is fucking freezing, and watching you wriggle your tail in there was driving me mental.” He slid one hand around and fondled Sherlock through his trousers. “God, you’re ready to burst. Poor baby, hasn’t anyone been taking care of you whilst I’ve been away?”
“There’s no snow, Sherlock,” John said patiently, pulling the oxygen mask out to wipe the spot where Sherlock had tried, feebly, to spit. “You’re indoors.”
“Rough,” Lestrade was saying sympathetically, nodding, and John had a horrible moment of thinking he’d just blurted the whole thing out. “And there’s never a break! Like you’re on rota all the time with no night off.”
“Are you talking about the omega registry?” Sherlock said. “But that’s absurd. It’s the Ministry of Health, they’re concerned about the decline in the omega population. They certainly aren’t out to exterminate us; they want to protect us.”
“…I can wrangle Sherlock and you can manage everyone else?”
Sherlock texted Hobbes about going round to Bart’s tomorrow and then stared at the fire, thinking hard. Waterboarding. Why, who, where, why, why, why? Perhaps William Cooper had a secret life, connected with Anthea somehow, and had got himself killed that way? But why the note? Why draw attention to the body? Why have a body at all, in this scenario—surely Anthea had the resources to stage a reasonable cover-up, or just make the body disappear altogether.
“Here.” The teacher piled a stack of books onto Sherlock’s arms. “I think you’ll find these interesting.”
Sherlock’s breathing slowed. He understood that he had been shaking, and that the shaking had eased, and finally stopped. He could feel John stroking his hair, hear his occasional soft nonsense murmur:
“Not yet,” Sherlock said. Michael’s phone had been answered by some sort of assistant with strict orders to pull Michael out of whatever basketball-related activity he was involved in if Sherlock called, but he was supposed to finish in half an hour, so Sherlock told the assistant to have Michael ring him back.
Watson’s eyes met his again. “He’ll say that Moran’s perversions have made him a target for blackmail. He won’t sweep it under the rug at all, will he? He’ll search his house, and if he finds so much as a bar of French soap he’ll grab the chance to embarrass Moriarty.”
Sherlock sat up, fumbling a bit before he found the lantern and turned it on. The room was as he remembered: low ceiling, camp bed, table now holding a full glass of water. Opposite the box on the other side of the opening was a covered pail. Sherlock lifted the lid and peered inside: kitty litter. Clever. The wardrobe door had been closed, and an assortment of old winter coats now hung to block the hidey hole from casual view.
“It was meant to be reassuring,” Sherlock protested.
John stilled. He could answer the question, but was not sure he wanted to. The Woman’s voice had been light, but he could not imagine that she did not care about the answer.
“Mmm. Doesn’t leave me much time for the bucket list.”
“And you won’t, you won’t…”
Sherlock froze, stunned.
“Oh, I rather think I’m owed a bit for free, don’t you?” Sherlock said. “I didn’t exactly get my money’s worth last time.”
A glass of water was pushed into his hand and he drank thirstily, aware that he was clammy with cold sweat. Better. He sat up, pushing his hair out of his eyes, and leaned back against the sofa; Mycroft reappeared with a different glass and handed him the whisky without comment. Sherlock took a generous swallow. Oddly, it helped.  Trevor was watching him closely.  “What happened? How much can you remember?”
After a long time Sherlock’s shivers gradually slowed and then stilled, and John sensed the tautness of his body relaxing. “Better?” he said softly.
A nurse came in after Lestrade left, checked John’s pulses and his capillary refill, and gave him some more pain meds. John dozed off, and woke some time later when the curtain was pushed aside and Lestrade pushed a pitifully unrecognizable Sherlock over in a wheelchair.
Caro blinked, seeming to come back to full awareness of the situation. “Right, of course. Let’s get you under cover and we’ll talk later. Come with me—we’ve a hidey-hole in the cellar.”
“Your microscope? Can you give it over to your tutor whilst he’s here?”
Friday night Sherlock did not sleep. He sat against the headboard of his hard little bed, legs drawn up. He wished he could rest his chin on his knees as he used to, but the dead painful weight of his right arm was in the way.
“How else would I win?”
Sherlock smiled and took a drink. John felt, all over again, that astonished sense of wonder that he was actually here, alone with Sherlock, in all his unveiled beauty. True, Sherlock’s wet curls were now drying in a lopsided messy tangle and he was curled in a tartan blanket; but his soft lips, the translucent eyes, his pale skin glowing in the firelight—John had to force himself to look away before he was caught staring.
Chapter 18: taken from the prayer of confession in the Book of Common Prayer: “We have followed too much the devices and desires of our own hearts.” John and Sherlock would have recited this prayer many times (John sincerely and Sherlock less so).
--an RPG, Sherlock thought in shocked astonishment, he had never actually seen one—and the car exploded. Sherlock flattened, instinctively shielding his head with his left arm, his gun falling from his hand. Chunks of burning metal rained down around him and he tucked his head down tighter, unable to flee. He could feel the heat from the burning car. A single gunshot sounded close behind him and he breathed out slowly, calming himself, readying for the shot to the head that never came. Through the ringing in his ears he heard a shout.
. Sherlock cooked a sea bass so good it made John close his eyes as though in prayer and swore he would never miss red meat as long as he had Sherlock to do the cooking. They kept up their workouts; John’s cholesterol stayed under the limit and he only rarely cheated, and Sherlock hadn’t touched a cigarette in years (not that he wasn’t tempted. Often).
“Mmm.” John did not want to talk about Pip. He had been worried there would still be some awkwardness, but Sherlock had nestled into his arm as contentedly as ever. Sherlock’s curls tickled his nose, and he wished he could bury his face in them, smell and smell and rub his nose against the back of his neck….no, he did
“It’s just us,” Sally said. “Boss told everyone else to wait downstairs.”
“Yeah, of course, but won’t you need something before then?”
“Definitely not. I said meet him, not trust him.” He grinned unexpectedly at John. “But we will take copies. How fortunate that you’ve become such an expert clerk!”
my childhood nemesis, John; this calls for some epic sex.”
Sherlock smirked, letting himself be pulled closer, and put his own mouth to Malik’s ear. “How about we skip the drink?”
Over the next several weeks, John found himself gradually settling in. Mr. Gregson was kind, if a firm taskmaster; the other lads were friendly; the grounds of Sherrinford Hall lovely—the parks where he rode the horses more beautiful than any he had seen in the north. He was content enough, he supposed, but it was a dull quiet life, nothing to the excitement of racing.  And no matter how hard he rode and worked during the day his sleep remained fragmentary, broken all too often by dreams of pain and fear and Lancer’s distant screams.
John pushed himself up and out, propping himself up over Sherlock, who groaned with relief and straightened his legs.
, those flyers. And he’d mentioned that you used it as children. I was sure you’d cotton on, and you did.”
“You bastard, I’ll make you wish you were bored,” John said, wrestling him over, and they rolled around getting grass-stained and winded until Sherlock pinned John and announced triumphantly, “You’ll need to make it up to me now that we’ve wasted all this time walking out here.”
Sherlock dropped his leg, braced himself again, and reached to wrap his free hand around himself. The lube had gone tacky, but it didn’t matter: his hand was sweaty and his cock was leaking and he was so turned on he probably could have got himself off with sandpaper. The knowledge that John would feel him come—that
Sherlock huffed. “Then we have to do it again.”
John grinned, his whole face crinkling into such beautiful lines. Sherlock wanted to kiss every one of them. “Will you think it’s creepy if I say that I might have fantasized about that too?”
“Look at this,” Sherlock said, shoving his laptop at John.
“Sherlock. Time to go,” Mycroft’s voice said. He sounded closer than the woman agent; he must be right by the door.
“Did you get me hot and sour soup?” Sherlock demanded.
“Lovely,” Sherlock said drily. “What’s in the other one?”
“You must have been frantic,” John said to Mycroft, remembering Anderson’s words.
The nursery was a small, blue-painted room at the front of the house, with a border of pastel trains running around the walls. Andrea Chisolm had been expecting a boy, John though with another stab of sorrow. A stack of receiving blankets and cheerful train-patterned sheets sat on the changing pad, but, as expected, no cot. Sherlock was bending over the bloodstains on the carpet, muttering under his breath and peering around the floor and into the bin. He stood up and looked at John, but in that way he had of barely seeing him, as though he were deep in his own head. “Why was she crying?”
“I think you’d best stay seated right now, don’t you? Chloroform can make one
“This is fun,” Molly said, turning her head from side to side in an effort to see her surroundings. “Much better than going straight home! Do you think you’ll be allowed to come again?”
Phillips withdrew with the tray. Sherlock sat in his chair, waiting for the time to pass until it was time for him to go downstairs. Waiting for something to happen, for something to change, for anything, anything at all to make this day different from those that came before it and those that would came after, until either he escaped or was driven slowly, inexorably mad.
“Meaning he offered you a great deal of money up front,” Sherlock said.
John’s face had settled into an expression Sherlock couldn’t read: regret? Shame? Disapproval? Don’t go, he thought desperately, stay, talk to me, touch me again, please, but John gave him a single nod and cleared his throat. “All right,” he said, voice oddly hoarse. “See Molly again, same time next week,” and then he turned rather stiffly and walked out the door.
to soothe the hangover. When that got old they would head east, stopping at Waffle House every morning for breakfast—Sherlock dearly loved Waffle House—and down into Florida until they reached Miami. He’d show John Frank Hudson’s old nightclub, and go to South Beach, and Sherlock would burn and John would tan and they’d have sex with sand in their hair and it would be glorious. And then maybe they’d drive back up—no, then they’d fly back, over the sea and home. It would be December soon, Rosie’s first Christmas,
“Is this what you want?” he asked kindly, pushing one finger inside Sherlock and twisting it expertly. Sherlock’s body jerked. “Shall I see if I can make you climax just like this, with one finger and nothing on your cock?”
“Look,” Sherlock said, pushing the binoculars at John.
“The river’s not frozen,” he said, sounding curious even whilst panting. “Look, John, I think I can see the hatch from here!” He coughed, coughed again, and reached to unlatch the window.
God, how had he ever tolerated this? The noise, the lights, the
John was expecting a Soviet-style gulag, but the prison looked more like a medieval fortress: all dark stone and looming walls, built right up into the mountainside. “Christ. It looks like something out of a Dracula movie.”
Teddy hugged Patrick and Beth. Beth shook Sherlock’s hand and said, “I’ll see you soon. Have you got a hat or anything? No? I’ll bring you one to cover that up.”
Aimee had gone through another of Sherlock’s handkerchiefs by this point, but now seemed resigned and even a bit relieved. “I’m glad you phoned,” she said. “I don’t think I’d have had the nerve to turn myself in on my own and I wouldn’t have thought of a barrister, but I’ve been petrified ever since it happened. I don’t think I could have carried on just waiting for the police to find me.”
“What are you doing here?” Jonathan demanded as soon as the door closed. “This is one of the most selective programmes in the country. I’ve never seen you at any of the junior camps.”
“My who?” John had an absurd moment of thinking Vijay was asking about Sherlock.
Eventually John worked his way down to where he could slide his hand between Sherlock’s legs and rub his slicked finger against him. Sherlock breathed in, breathed out, bore down, and John’s finger slipped in easily. He massaged the clenched ring of muscle until it relaxed. God, how had he not realized, that first time? Sherlock must have been so tight, so nervous, how had John not…
“Is that from Lord Sherlock?” Young Tom asked.
Moriarty brushed himself disdainfully, adjusting his ridiculous suit. “Well, it’s been lovely seeing you again, but I’d best be off. Lots of planning to do.” He puckered up and blew Sherlock a kiss, then tossed John a wink over his shoulder. “I’ll see you soon, Sherlock.” He strolled casually to the locker room doors and out.
“Good to see you out and about,” Lestrade’s voice said in his ear as he clapped him on the back. Sherlock jerked violently, throwing up his left hand instinctively, the glass of champagne shattering on the ground. There was a second’s paralyzed silence before Lily burst into tears.
Sherlock dropped the phone on his desk and considered the teetering stack of phone records. All those potential cases! He could fire up the coffeemaker, break out the chocolate and the nicotine patches and the pomegranate energy drink…but he’d been up all night working the night before, and could already sense how he’d feel in the morning: pounding headache, burning stomach, eyes gritty and raw. But if he tried to sleep, his thoughts would inevitably start sliding in directions they couldn’t go. He realized he was digging his fingers into the fresh bruise in the crick of his arm.
Back in London, even thinking about Eurus had seemed dangerous: something to be undertaken only in controlled circumstances, with Mycroft or Ella present. Now that Sherlock was more thoroughly grounded in the physical world, though, the monsters in his head no longer seemed as frightening.
“Photoshop,” Sherlock said, turning the laptop back and scrolling down the page.
“Yes. We’ve arrested the person who broadcast it.”
well, at least it didn’t commit him to actually
Sherlock bared his teeth in a sneer, seeing John’s fist come up for the coup de grace as he opened his mouth, but to his surprise he heard his own voice say, “Don’t leave.”
“No,” Sherlock said through his teeth. He let his foot rest against the table and stared at it. Then he flexed his toes—one of the few things he could manage without pain—one, two, THREE. On THREE he threw every last bit of will he had into it and got his foot up one shaky inch.
“Mr. Holmes,” Gregson said, looking Sherlock over. “You’re looking well.”
When he finally stopped shaking Sherlock toweled off and put on his backup jeans, then wrung out his sodden clothing, collected his dirty pants and socks, and went off in search of someplace to do his laundry. The lodge lacked a guest laundry, but the front desk lady offered to take it home and do it herself for twenty dollars, so Sherlock handed it over.
Eczema is rarely found on the feet in adolescents. I think Carl Powers actually had a condition called juvenile plantar dermatosis, which is very common in adolescent swimmers, because frequent occurrences of wetting and drying make it worse. Barrier creams and sometimes topical steroids are used to treat this, so James could still have spiked the medication. Leading to my second point of contention: I’m fairly sure this method of killing someone wouldn’t actually work. Carl Power’s feet MIGHT have been paralyzed, but not his legs—he should still have been able to get to the side of the pool before he drowned (even if he HAD been entirely paralyzed, wasn’t anyone watching this race? Surely they noticed when a boy stopped swimming and sank?)
“Yes?”
“Not really. And I certainly don’t see how you think you’ll manage to murder me in my own flat.”
“Well,” Jonathan said, arms folded across his chest and glowering. Sherlock had the impression that his disinterest in competing with Jonathan for concertmaster had rather taken the wind out of his sails, and he didn’t know what to say next.
“The new owner is in London. He doesn’t care for horses; the stock was all sold off months ago. He means to use the Chase as a hunting lodge eventually, I hear, but for now he’s quite happy to rent it to Her Majesty’s army. We’ve a large battalion quartered there. Unfortunately for you, we send out regular patrols.”
“And an apology. You have to read between the lines,” John said. “Can we get back to the case?”
“Oh, well, that’s all right then. I mean, as long as this one doesn’t have any personal interest in me.” Molly took another bite and chewed meditatively. “So what’s the case then?”
John burst out laughing. The platter held at least five different Christmas cakes, none of them Mrs. Hudson’s. Apparently his transformation into a reclusive composer had not lessened Sherlock’s enigmatic appeal. “You’ve quite a following,” he said.
“Greg! I haven’t seen you in ages! Is everything all right?” John had a crazy moment of wondering if Lestrade had somehow heard about John’s lie about spending the evening with him two nights previous. But no, that wouldn’t matter now, Mary knew where he had been…
In the morning John was stiff and distant and they spent the next two days like that. Sherlock, who by now did most of the cooking when they didn’t have a case, did not set foot in the kitchen. John made beans on toast and didn’t offer any to Sherlock, not that he would have eaten any, beans on toast was
The Mother Superior hesitated and Sherlock, feeling the tightness of his jaw, thought of the sadistic gleam in the younger alpha’s eye and deliberately smoothed his face.
The compassion was going from his father’s voice now. “Get out. Now. Leave this house and do not come back. You will not contact Sherlock again. You will not go to his school again. If your mother wants to speak to you, she’ll be in touch. Now get out.”
Sherlock exhaled, looking out at the pond. “I thought all I had to do was remember everything and I would know what to do next, but I don’t. I know the truth about my past but not the truth about myself. I don’t know who I am.”
“Mrs. Hudson’s been shot. I’m not going anywhere but to her.”
“Roll over now,” John said, putting one hand on Sherlock’s knee to help him turn.
“I did nothing of the sort.”
Sherlock’s kidney function normalized. A neuropsychologist administered a battery of tedious little tests and declared him free of permanent cognitive deficits, to Sherlock’s secret relief, and he was changed to oral antibiotics. A gastroenterologist recommended long-term acid suppressors and a follow up consultation in three months, to which Sherlock acceded. After considerable thought, he declined monthly naltrexone injections, a decision in which he was unexpectedly seconded by John: “If you decide you want to get high on naltrexone, you’ll manage it, and whatever you do will be a lot more dangerous and likely end up killing you.”
“Look, one of these holes is bigger, It’s the one the bullet goes out, isn’t it? Why is it bigger? The bullet must expand on impact, why, how much, does the distance from the target matter, does the velocity, does the substance being hit? It’s all physics, I must do more research, can John shoot something different?”
“James M. W. Turner,” Sherlock said, feeling his mouth twist wryly. “
I don’t know.”
“Ernie and Pip. They’re both fairly literate and Ernie’s actually quite clever--he’s wasted in the factory. And that will get Pip out of the laundry, for which Leo will think he owes me some obligation, which never hurts. And they’ll both be completely under my thumb.”
. Hit me like a bloody train. Now I’m so jealous I can’t think straight. He could be getting off with, I don’t know, the Dalai Lama, and I’d want to kill him.”
“We’re just going to get more semen on them,” Sherlock pointed out.
Sherlock broached the first part of his plan to Molly over tea at the bakeshop.
“Yes. As long as the body still burns we can still help. When the extremities begin to grow cold--” he broke off, frowning. “What was that?”
“Just a loose end.”
--but Sherlock had already twitched forward in instinctive discomfort. He soon pushed back again though. John kept just the tip of his finger inside, rubbing at the tight ring of muscle to loosen it, until Sherlock relaxed around him and John began stroking in and out, keeping the depth just shy of Sherlock’s prostate. He had something else in mind first. When Sherlock was panting and thrusting he let go his cock, found the lube, and pulled his fingers out just enough to drizzle on more. Then he pushed in a second.
“Okay, okay, just—“John kissed him again for the pleasure of sucking that already-swollen lower lip between his teeth and Sherlock made a ragged, open mouthed sound that made John throb. “Oh God go,” he managed, pushing Sherlock away and staggering toward the stairs.
“That sounds...lovely, but how is it going to pass?”
Michael had booked two hotel rooms, of course, but Sherlock had given absolutely no thought to the actual sleeping arrangements until they were in the elevator and Michael said, “Stop by my room a minute.”
John dipped the cloth in the basin and wrung it out, slowly. Sherlock’s hand gripped the arm of the chair. John put the flannel to the crease of Sherlock’s groin and drew it carefully downward and between his legs. Sherlock immediately spread his legs. His eyes had fallen closed.
John was doing rather a poor job of keeping the shock from his voice. “Had they quarreled?”
“Has he found me?”
I can’t find out if the cocaine she was using was mixed with the same additive,” Sherlock muttered furiously. He leaned forward, glaring at the windshield as though this would propel the cab to go faster. John leaned back and grinned.
“Fine, you win,” Lestrade said sulkily. He tapped on the phone, held it up so John could see the
Mrs. Hudson had a sort of unofficial job as baker at Speedy’s, at least during the periods that her on-again, off-again relationship with the owner was in an “on” phase. John ducked inside and nodded at the handful of regulars he recognized: a couple of pensioners, the thin girl with a nose ring always scowling down at her laptop, the bloke in the green jacket who leisurely read the papers. Green Jacket and one of the pensioners nodded back. John collected his sandwich and coffee and Vijay behind the counter said, “Mrs. Hudson says for you to wait just a tick—you can go on back if you want.”
“Nice one,” John said approvingly. Pip grinned.
“Which one?”
The family and a party of diplomats came directly from France and arrived on the last train, so John had the whole day to endure the tight fluttery anticipation in his stomach. Fortunately Mr. Gregson made the usual flap about the carriages, so John was busy enough polishing and scrubbing to stay distracted. He was far too junior to go to the station, so he brought the horses in from the pastures and worked in the barn until he heard the rattle of wheels on cobblestones. John was out in the stableyard taking off harnesses when he heard a shout from behind him.
Her mother fell in love.
“Too soft?”
Upstairs landing: nothing. Stairs empty. He crept silently down, hugging the wall, skipping the steps that creaked. He arrived at the first floor landing and looked down through the stairwell: empty. He pressed back against the wall, considering: if he stepped into the kitchen he was exposed on two sides, but if he went into the lounge he’d have to cross the kitchen doorway. He inched forward, ears straining.
Rowan gave him a little two fingered wave and blew a kiss, and then he walked out the front door. Sherlock never saw him again.
John dropped the knife to the floor at his feet, leaned back, and blew out a long breath. Sherlock sat quietly beside him, staring at his hands. “I’m sorry,” he said.
“Well enough. Bit stiff from sleeping so long. I’ll be fine once I’ve got up.”
John was expecting a corner in the hay with a blanket roll, but as he reached the loft he saw a whitewashed door a few steps in. “That’s it, push the door open,” Tom said behind him.
But there was no real heat behind it, and Sherlock snuggled into John’s arms with his long legs dangling off the side of the chair and nuzzled at his neck and let John stroke his hair, until he clearly remembered the file and started wriggling around again and John pushed him off.
