“It seems that way. It is a great crime among angels. He will be severely punished for it, I assure you.”
I share a look with Dean, surprised at this. I assumed the thing causing him the worst pain would be first on the list, though Cas has always been reluctant to even discuss his wings, much less show them. Still, it’s the least we can do to let him choose. “Alright then,” I say calmly. “We’re going to have to take your shirt off to get to your injuries. Is…that alright?”
Dean smiles, kissing his forehead as he attaches the leash to his collar. When he pulls away, Cas grabs onto his wrist. “Wait! Am I allowed to talk to people and…make eye contact and everything?”
“So you don’t hate him anymore?” Dean asks. Cas chuckles, shaking his head. “Well that’s good. I don’t know if anyone else could have handled me back then. He’s certainly good at what he does. He has a talent for dealing with people.”
He shrugs. “I don’t mind.” I mean to protest more, but it’s comforting to have him here, so I snuggle closer to him before drifting off again. Whatever he gave me must have been good, because when I wake up again I can breathe a little easier. Cas has fallen asleep against my shoulder, and I kiss his forehead softly as he stirs. “Are you feeling any better?” he asks.
“Good.” The touch pauses for a moment, then returns, smoother than before. Cas lifts his hips from the couch when he feels it pushing at his waistband, smiling at Dean’s low chuckle as his hand skims bare skin. He yelps when Dean’s hand comes down on one side of his ass, enough to startle him but not hard enough to truly hurt. “Cheeky bastard,” he mutters, but there’s warmth behind the words. “Well now we have a dilemma,” Dean teases. “This side is nice and pink, and the other side isn’t. What do you think we should do about that?”
Slowly, the room comes back into focus, and I find myself on the floor, a worried Sam kneeling beside me. “Cas? Cas, can you hear me? Where does it hurt?” he asks.
The angel hesitates, but seems to realize that he has no other choice. He closes his eyes, and suddenly enormous black wings sprout from his back. Both Dean and I freeze, awed by the reality of something we’ve only imagined. Even bloodied, torn, and twisted at unnatural angles, the wings are magnificent. But the closer I look, the more damage I see. It’s clear that the bones, or whatever infrastructure the wings have, have been snapped in several places, making them hang limply, twisted into painful-looking positions. Blood trickles slowly from several gashes, the feathers matted with dried clots. Worse, it seems bringing his wings into this plane of reality have made their pain more real as well, and his white-knuckled fingers grip the blankets tightly. “Sam,” Dean murmurs, “Are you sure you can fix this?”
Very slowly, Dean shifts again, moving until he’s close enough to feel Cas’ warmth. He watches with wide eyes when Cas slowly lifts a hand, settling it lightly on his cheek, and though he flinches and gasps, he leans into the touch. “What about…now?” he asks shakily.
“No,” I answer. “It’s not my story to tell. That’s up to you, and if you’d rather not I understand. But I am glad you told me. Thank you.”
The object shifts inside him when Dean moves, pressing the long string of beads to the back of his thigh so that he can feel the cold metal. “How’s that for a reward?”
He nods. “Anyway, the rebellion fell apart soon after. They didn’t want to set me free, so they sent me to earth to be contained. That’s where you found me.” He pauses. “I apologize for the…you know…”
After the bath Cas insists I take a nap, and when I wake up my stomach is grumbling. We get dressed and head into the kitchen to find food. Sam looks up when we enter, surprised. “Uh…hey Dean,” he says carefully. “You…doing okay?”
Dean smiles, kissing the back of his neck softly. “Are you sure you haven’t had years of experience subbing?”
Gabriel smirks. “Well don’t act so surprised, Dean. It looks like you’ve chosen him back. The wings are an invitation of sorts. And you accepted.”
Cas looks at him like he’s crazy, pulling him down to kiss him softly. “Of course not. I wanted this, remember?”
Cas chuckled, wrapping an arm around him. “The first of many. Can I try?” Dean nodded, ignoring the twinge of nervousness in his stomach as Cas moved closer, and forgetting it completely when Cas kissed him. “How’s that?” he asked.
He pulls up to the school, handing me a badge before we walk inside. The meeting is pretty typical. Towards the end, I excuse myself to use the restroom. Something on the desk outside catches my attention, and I look around to make sure no one is watching before picking it up and putting it in my bag. When we head back to the motel, Sam and Gabriel are waiting. “Well the police are pretty mystified. They have no idea where these kids are coming from. You find anything interesting?” Sam asks.
When I open my eyes, Cas is already awake, and he smiles as I yawn. "Did you even sleep?" I chuckle.
Dad hesitates, chewing at his lip. “Well, I...Dean...I may not remember saying and doing those terrible things...but I must have. I believe you. No wonder you weren’t happy to see me. We don’t know why I’m missing pieces, but I...I want to understand...what I did. So I asked Gabriel if he could...show me.”
He nods, finishing lunch, though he still seems a little bit distracted. He waits until they’ve laid back on the blanket, staring up at the sky before he says anything. “It was my dad,” he murmurs, so low Cas almost misses it.
It was his usual answer, and a promise Dean had told him he shouldn’t make, bringing up the most far-fetched scenarios he could concoct in the sweaty, giggly haze after.
After lunch, Dean refuses to go back into bed for a nap, but he seems quite happy to fall asleep against my chest. After cleaning up, Sam returns, chuckling at the sight of Gabriel sprawled over a chair, fast asleep. “Guess the little guys were more tired than I thought.”
“It’s just about done,” Sam hummed, putting a plate full of pancakes down on the table. “Have a seat.” Dean nodded, taking a deep breath before moving to the table and taking the seat next to Cas. He hesitated for a moment, then reached out, taking the angel’s hand lightly. He felt the heat rise in his cheeks as Cas squeezed his hand gently, but when he looked up Eileen was grinning at them, and Sam was humming happily to himself as he sat down, so Dean relaxed, digging into his food. He knew he should probably apologize for his weird behavior earlier, but it could wait until he got Cas alone again.
He nods, shifting to rest his head on my chest. “Good. I’m going to get you back for this, you know. Just as soon as I can remember how to move.”
Dean sniffs. “That’s what I don’t understand,” he murmurs. “I don’t get why you think I’m worth that kind of time and effort.”
Cas chuckles softly, letting his fingers drift along my side. “Well you certainly are a pretty pet. Obedient too.” He pretends to consider it for another moment, pulling my head back so he can lick and suck at my throat.
Dean hadn’t even stopped to think about how Castiel would feel about any of this. He just selfishly ran away and stayed away without telling him anything. Castiel would have understood if Dean needed a day to himself. Dean felt like the biggest asshole in the world.
When the dinner was over, neither one of them wanted the date to be over. They got back in the car, both itching for the other to say something. Castiel was the first to speak.
Castiel nodded. “Oh, I washed all of your sheets and put down some white sheets that you can use just for your heats.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I already said I’d pay for you. Besides, this place is cheap. It’s not five star dining.”
They drive to a local barbeque restaurant and split a big tray of hot wings. Castiel always regrets eating these, but he does it anyway because they’re so delicious.
Dean nodded quickly and used his free hand to shove the wet boxers down his thighs so he could chuck them towards the hamper. Once they were gone, his ass felt cool from the open air on his slick-wet skin. He started to reach between his own legs, but pulled his hand to his chest and tucked his face into Castiel’s neck in embarrassment.
“You know...this,” Dean says, gesturing vaguely between them. “This whole thing we have going here...do you just...do it for my sake?”
I shrug. “It makes you feel better, and it’s not forever. But we know you’ve been kinda freaked out lately. So if this helps for now, then why not?”
Sam laughs. “Oh, so that’s why you were looking for Dean. For future reference, I don’t think it would have really helped. You were in pretty bad shape. Why didn’t you just tell us what was going on?”
“Save it, dad,” I manage. “I don’t need your pity. Or your love. Not anymore. I spent my entire life thinking that I was...broken, and weak, and...even after you died, I was trying to make you proud. And I was miserable, all the time. It wasn’t until Cas came along that I started to learn...And yes, Cas and I are together. Call it whatever you want. I don’t care. I loved him for years, but I was so terrified...and even after I was able to tell him how I felt, it took a long, long time before he could touch me without me panicking, hearing your voice in my head, calling me weak, and pathetic, and disgusting...he’s been helping me work on fixing what you did to me, and it’s helping, but I still have the nightmares sometimes. So no, I don’t think you loved me. And I don’t care how you feel about me and Cas, because he actually does love me, and he’s never, not even for a minute, made me feel ashamed of who I am.”
Cas sat down in his office, sighing heavily and rubbing at his temples, the pulse of a headache beginning behind his eyes. He’d guessed that whatever Dean had been through had been bad, but to know he’d been held somewhere for ten years was heartbreaking. After a few minutes he called Charlie, relieved when she picked up. “Hey Cassie, what’s up?” she asked, the ever-present click of her keyboard punctuating the words.
Despite the situation, Dean couldn’t help but grin. “What does it look like I’m doing? I’m about to grip you tight and raise you from perdition.”
Dean snorted, shrugging slightly. “I can’t say I wouldn’t have tried to find out who some weird, mute stranger in my house was. She didn’t find a case for me?”
I smile, kissing him softly. "Thanks. Let's do it." Cas smiles, pulling me towards the bathtub, and I hesitate. "I, uh...have something to show you." I pause, taking a breath before pulling my shirt over my head, and his eyes narrow as he sees the strip of gauze taped to my chest. "I'm okay," I say quickly. "I was just thinking, and...I know I get weird about it sometimes, but you know I really want this, right?"
Dean smiles, pulling him closer. “I’m happy too. Relax, honey. I’m really proud of you. And you don’t have to worry about upsetting me. I trust you. I’m just glad you had a good time, even with our little…incident.”
“I know,” Dean smiled. “You’ve always supported me, even when I’ve been kind of an asshole, and that’s why I know I can talk to you about this stuff.” He paused, stroking Cas’ cheek lightly. “You know it’s the same for you, right? That I’ll love you no matter what?”
Standing in front of the bunker’s entrance is strange, almost like looking at a version of himself he doesn’t quite know anymore. He takes a deep breath, grabbing onto Cas’ hand before moving forward. They enter the garage first, and Dean smiles, seeing his baby as pristine as she was when Cas returned her here. There hadn’t been much need to drive with Cas, and it had made sense at the time to leave her somewhere safe, but that doesn’t mean he didn’t miss her. He pets over the car’s hood for a few moments before finally approaching the door to the rest of the bunker.
I frown at that, considering it. “I didn’t know angels were children at some point. So angels don’t ever have their wings touched?”
Dean lets out a sigh, his shoulders relaxing slightly. “Yeah, you’re right. I guess I just needed to hear it from someone else. Thanks for being so great about all this.”
of his head against the door. “I wasn’t trying to upset you. Let’s just talk about this. Open the door, please.”
That little twinge of nervousness settles in my stomach again, and I shrug. “Yeah, I mean, only if you want to. I mean, you’re kind of…it for me, you know? And I think by now everybody knows it.”
They sit down, and Dean drapes an arm around Cas’ shoulders as they order. “I have to hand it to you, Dean,” Charlie says, grinning. “I’ve spent years trying to get Cas to be comfortable not controlling everything, and you manage to do it in a couple of hours. You know how much he likes control.”
“My pleasure.” He can hear the smirk in it, but can’t bring himself to care as the angel’s hands run smoothly over him, spreading him wider. He jolts away at the warm, wet feeling around his hole, though the fingers at his hips hold him steadily in place. “Dean? Talk to me.”
He looks up at me, blue eyes narrowed. “I was. But they’re a part of my body, Dean. I can feel them like you feel your arms. Why were you touching them?”
There was something that Cas wasn’t telling him, but that didn’t really surprise Dean. After all, he hadn’t told Cas anything either. He made a mental note of it, but didn't press the subject. He hesitated for a moment, wondering if he was asking too much, but the picture of the little boy wouldn’t stop nagging the back of his mind.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs, biting his lip, “I know that you’re worried about letting him see your memories, but…you said before that if you weren’t honest, there was no point in doing this. I’ll support you no matter what you decide, but if you keep it all locked away where he can’t see it, just because he likes you, I’m not sure it’ll make you feel better at all. You said yourself that you want to know if he could like who you really are, not who he thought you should be. And, as unfortunate as it is, those memories and experiences…they made you the man you are now. I understand the impulse to just let it go and pretend it didn’t happen, but…I don’t think you’re doing either of you a favor that way, and I think it’s going to be even harder to start a new relationship if the old issues are still there.”
I smiles, kissing him softly. “Believe me, I wanted to. But with my instincts already running so high, I didn’t feel it was safe for you.”
I chuckle. “And they say you have no sense of humor. Come on, let’s dry you off. We’ll wash your hair in the sink so we don’t mess up the bandages. I don’t think either of us wants to go through that again.”
“’Mkay,” he murmurs, too tired to keep asking questions. Instead he presses his cheek against the cool leather, letting his eyes close. “You can handle me…”
Dean’s mouth pulls away with an obscene pop, and Cas almost sobs. “Not yet,” he murmurs, his voice cracking. “Just another minute…fuck Cas, you’re incredible…”
When we’re both spent, he collapses against my chest, breaths ragged as I tremble beneath him. He reaches up, carefully undoing the knot holding my wrists in place and kissing each one gently. When I open my eyes to look at him, he chuckles, grinning. “Fuck Cas, you look downright… debauched. It’s sexy as hell.” He kisses me again, softer this time.
Dean smiles, rubbing his free hand slowly up and down Cas’ back, grounding him. “You’ve asked me about this,” he says, spreading his fingers a little and chuckling at Cas’ breathless gasp. “I suppose this was more my hesitation than yours. But I’ve been thinking, and I think you can handle it. What do you think? Wanna try?”
He presses something hard into Cas’ hand, connected to a strap that fastens around his wrist. Cas frowns slightly, feeling around the object. “What is it?”
He nods. “Well I can certainly see why.” He pauses for a moment. “Hey Dean? Did any of that whole demon story strike you as strange?”
Cas frowns at the invitation, handing it back. “I stopped taking orders from our family when they turned their backs on me. I have no obligation to them.”
Eileen nodded, picking up a book from the stack and starting to page through it. After a few quiet minutes she glanced over at Dean, touching his arm lightly. “I’m sorry about your angel.”
I nod, hesitating for a moment. “Yeah...but...I don’t know, it also kind of brings up some other things too...”
Cas shrugs sheepishly, watching as he absently runs the leather through his hands. “It’s just…my memories of it are horrible. It was the worst pain I’ve ever felt. Dean says it can feel good, but it’s hard to imagine that considering how much damage something like this did.”
“You did, baby. It just caught you off guard. It’s okay.” He sighs, pressing closer. “Do you want me to find us a flight home?”
I’m not, but with the hopeful way Castiel is looking at me I know I can’t say that. Instead, I nod. “It can’t be much different than setting a broken arm, right? It might not be pleasant, but I can fix it.” This seems to calm the angel slightly, and I pray to anyone listening that I’ll be able to do it. “Alright, I’m just going to take a look. I won’t touch, I promise.” He nods, sinking further into Dean’s chest as I carefully map out the injuries. While one wing is twisted beyond natural limits with several breaks clear, the other’s injuries consist mainly of slices made with the knife, and just a small break near the end of the wing. “We’re going to have to immobilize the breaks somehow so that when you move your wings it doesn’t upset the bones. The good news is the joints look okay, so you should have some mobility while they heal, at least in this one. For the one with all the breaks, I think our best bet is to have you fold it back out of the way, splint the breaks in that position and immobilize the whole wing. We can use a bandage to hold it against your body while it heals. For the other, we can just splint the smaller break at the end and clean up the cuts; maybe put some stitches in if we have to. You should have fairly free movement in that one. What do you think?”
I nod slowly. “I know. It just…she said that I deserved to be alone, and that I belonged in hell, and…I know it wasn’t real. I know that. But all that stuff…it still hurt, coming from her, and it’s not like I can ask her.”
“Dean, Cas, look!” Jack said as he wandered back over to them, waving a black, grey, white and purple-striped flag excitedly. “The woman at the flag booth was very helpful. She helped me find one.”
Sitting beside Dean in the bunker, we search for new cases. Well, I’m searching for new cases. Dean has been zoned out for the better part of an hour. “Hey, here’s something,” I remark. “Stillwater, Minnesota. Three girls claim they saw patrons at a bakery fly around the room before impaling themselves on the baking equipment. Sounds suspicious to me. What do you think?” The only response is a noncommittal grunt. “Oh, look at this one,” I tease him. “Aliens land on earth; break their friends out of Area 51.”
Cas startles, seeming to remember I’m here for the first time, and his eyes shift between me and the mirror for a moment. “Dean, it’s…beautiful,” he whispers. “But…I don’t understand. Why…?”
Dean chuckles. "You can call it off, and we'll make sure Benny has a private room set up for us to go to. Remember, we're only doing this as long as you enjoy it."
Dean nods, following him over to the couch. He hesitates for a moment before taking a seat as far as he can be without releasing Cas' hand. He can't quite figure out the conflicting needs to be far away and as close as possible, the feelings behind them murky, but he tries to act like it's normal.
“Indeed there is,” a soft voice says behind us, making us all jump. “And it’s rather old, so I’d appreciate it if you’d put it down.” Standing in the doorway is the principal. She’s smiling benignly, but there’s something cold in the way it doesn’t match the rest of her face. “Care to explain what you’re doing breaking into my school?”
“You are pretty shameless,” Dean grins, pressing closer. He pauses for a moment, humming thoughtfully. “Do you ever...miss it?” he asks finally. “How your life was before you met me? I mean, I know you were lonely, but...it must’ve been a lot simpler.”
He must realize where my thoughts are. “Don’t worry, the other bandages will keep everything in place, and it won’t hurt. But hopefully relieving some of the pressure on your back for a while will help. Trust me.”
“Cas I already told you, you’re not an inconvenience. I don’t mind being woken up if you need something. What about these dreams is freaking you out? You said they don’t make any sense.”
Cas chuckles. “I don’t know, it’s looking up from here. And at least I have tomorrow off. Sorry for bothering you earlier, I just needed to talk to someone, and you were the first person I thought of.”
John looks between them for a moment, taking a few steps back. “Someone better start explaining things right now,” he mutters, eyeing Gabriel as the hint of a threat leaks into his voice.
Cas waited, cocking his head slightly. Dean’s hands fell loose on the table, spreading palms up, and he crumbled, slumping over the table onto his elbows.
“Cherry?” Cas asked quietly. Dean could hear the smile in his voice and seized the word with palpable relief. He turned the menu over again and actively looked for the dessert options. Thank every god, pie was listed, in just about every flavor known to man.
But Cas’s hand slipped into his own, and he tugged. Dean fumbled in his pocket for some cash, which he dropped onto the table before he was pulled across the restaurant and out the door.
, Cas,” Dean found himself breathing, and he pushed himself up onto his hands and knees over Cas, looking down at him intently. He plunged a hand into Cas’s wild hair. “You’re kinda sexy.”
“I just wanted to say…” Cas began, seeming to choose his words carefully. Dean watched him with rapt attention, chewing, his heart rate spiking. Cas leaned forward. “I know this is uncomfortable for you--”
Cas paused for a brief crinkling of his nose. Dean caught the barely perceptible twinkle in his eye, too.
Cas snapped his wings out with the force of two tornadoes, nearly sending Dean sprawling again in the process. He fell back a step, eyes wide. They arched high and wide, brushing the ceiling and the walls. Just a solid towering mass of powerful downy feathers and bone, capable of lifting Dean’s weight and probably more, responsible for lightening speed angel travel.
It was late evening on a weekday. The restaurant was moderately-sized, spacious, and mostly empty. Sam had picked the place out for them via Google search. It wasn’t the most unique place Dean had ever been. Hell, it wasn’t even the fanciest. But it was warm. Quiet. Comfortable. It was nicer than what they were used to.
lifting his head or gaze a fraction. Surrounding the table was a very low hum of voices, some clinking flatware, soft music.
Cas stared at him, wide-eyed. There was something slowly dawning in his expression that made Dean’s heart kick up another notch.
But he didn’t finish the thought, because the warm weight on top of him and the hair under his fingertips suddenly disappeared. Dean blinked--then sat bolt upright, his heart in his throat, looking wildly around.
Cas was right and Dean knew it. Even if it was a date, it didn’t make up for the way Dean had treated him, and he couldn’t stand the sweetness of Cas’s eyes just then, the forgiveness in them. How could he still be here after everything? How could he
“Yeah,” Dean said, breathless nevertheless, reaching blindly for the wall of feathers. “Why am I seeing them?”
The smile grew the longer Dean looked at him, and then, fuck it, Dean was smiling, and Cas was pulling him back in, and they were kissing, and kissing, and
Dean drew him in again, burying his nose into the side of his head this time. He got two nostrils full of clean, gelled hair. “...goddamn angel
Cas was on top of him, smothering him with kisses. His tie gone, his first three buttons undone, shirt un-tucked, hair a mess. He kissed along Dean’s jaw, down his neck, the dip of his collarbone. He kissed his forehead, his closed eyelids, the side of his nose, his cheek, his lips. Dean tried to return the pressure on his lips, head lifting minutely from the mattress, but it was gone again all too soon, and Cas was resuming the onslaught.
They were both dressed a little nicer than usual. (Oddly enough, upon his own suggestion.) Cas’s hair was tamed with an appropriate portion of gel, styled for once, rather than sticking out all over his head. His pale blue tie was straight and snug against his clavicle rather than crooked and loose. He looked calmer, more content, and more well-rested than Dean had ever seen him. In the back of his mind, he wondered if maybe Cas hadn’t done a little fine-tuning. Used some of his mojo to freshen up. Was Dean mistaken, or did Cas look a little
“My human,” Cas said just as softly, as if completing the thought. It wasn’t what he was going to say, but Dean understood it for the answer and the demonstration that it was.
care about him? What the hell was wrong with Castiel, what kind of wires were crossed and cut and frayed in him that he could look at
“Intimate, yes,” Cas answered. “To see, let alone touch an angel’s wings...marks a level of trust and intimacy that is unparalleled.”
It seemed to break the spell. Cas held the back of his head, tilting it upward, and kissed his forehead, his temple, his nose, his lips. Cas slid the shirt off and tossed it to the floor. He pushed Dean back down onto the bed and popped the button on his pants. There were several thuds as shoes hit the floor, and then Dean was pulling himself back onto the bed properly and Cas was following him, crawling over his mostly-bared body. Reverently, Cas leaned down and kissed his lips once, twice, before he pulled away and situated himself in between Dean’s legs, nudging them gently apart.
The next thing he knew, the wing was under him, scooping him up, depositing him easily on his feet and nudging him into Cas’s chest.
Suddenly, the wings were being drawn away from the walls and folded, stiff and tight, against Cas’s back, partially (but not fully) hidden from view. Dean could see the way they continued to tremble.
They were in a room. A motel room, from the looks of it. Though it was dark, Dean could make out blue-green carpeting and a couple of old yellow bedspreads on the beds. It looked a little familiar, but then again, after practically growing up in motel rooms, they all looked the same to him.
Cas made a noise like he didn’t know whether to laugh, cry, or moan. It made Dean’s heart clench and ache. His cock gave an interested twitch.
Cas made a strangled noise and dug his fingers in deeper, pulling at him with more force, spreading him open obscenely. Their hips were pressed flush together, sliding against each other with hot, slick, force.
Dean could do nothing but twitch and tremble as Cas shifted and began kissing up the length of his inner thigh. It felt so damn good. Soft and slow and sweet. He felt a little bit like he was an object being worshipped. It was
Dean didn’t say anything, just watched him warily. Cas said nothing either, but continued to look at him with deep, steady eyes, his hand remaining where it was on his arm.
Cas’s eyes were twinkling at him, crow’s feet stark in the corners. Dean’s stomach dropped and they sat there staring at each other like a couple of helpless mutes, until a server dressed sharply in all black sidled up to their table with a poised greeting, notepad at the ready.
With a little growl, Dean lifted a leg and in a whirl of color and breath and skin, he had Cas under him. He promptly buried his face in Cas’s neck, lips near his ear, and continued the steady thrusting, but picked up a little speed. Cas’s hands immediately found his back and they slid down it and over the swell of his ass. Dean nearly froze---and groaned pitifully when Cas’s fingers dug in deep, encouraging his movements.
It was childish and pinched, but there was a creeping note of pleasure in it, and Cas’s eyes lit up as the tips of Dean’s ears flamed again. Dean dropped his gaze to the table and fiddled with his sweating water glass, pouting at it.
Dean opened his mouth to respond, but dropped it in a moan, his head falling back. Cas’s hand was around his cock, spreading the warm, slick stuff over it until it was coated completely. He smeared it all over Dean’s hips and everything in between, dipping down to coat his balls (Dean swore), and finally spread the remaining oil over his own cock.
Dean staggered a little, but Cas steadied him with a hand on his arm. He sniffed and wiped angrily at the tears that had rolled down his face during the shock of the transport, and looked around.
Ten minutes later found Dean lying on his back on the motel room bed, a useless, formless, hot, melted puddle of a man.
Dean looked up, but didn’t meet his eye, choosing instead to look off to the side, eyes shining. He sniffed, his jaw set in a hard line.
The slide was incredible. Dean’s hips jerked and his cock slid against Cas’s with impossibly slick ease. Cas moaned against his neck and bore his hips down, thrusting once.
Dean sifted his fingers through them, turning his attention to what he was doing. He couldn’t resist it, they were...It was as though he was coating his fingers in shimmering black oil. He watched, making noises of fascination at the way they rippled and shone, sleek and soft and deep
: the intimate sensation of Cas between his legs, his stomach sliding along Dean’s own (a little slick now with the spreading of oil), his chest pressed against him, arms wound so tightly under him. His breath on Dean’s neck.
stare. Though, there was a twinkle in his eye, a burning in his skin, and an ache in his chest that seemed determined to stay.
Cas’s feathers rippled. He fixed him with a blank, hard stare and Dean was forcibly reminded of the night they’d met in that barn. Something hot like iron slipped into his stomach.
“Oh boy,” Dean said, flashing him a knowing grin, full of charm, “who knew you’d turn out to be such a flirt, huh?”
, he saw that Cas’s head was down, and he was looking at him sideways, from underneath his lashes, a small smirk tugging at his lips. Dean glanced at the tables surrounding them and then behind him, before looking at Cas again. He opened his mouth to say something, couldn’t think of a damn thing, and shut it again, staring. He opened his mouth again, lips working, trying to form around words that just weren’t coming, until he finally managed to unstick his throat long enough to bite out:
“Oh,” Dean said, raising his eyebrows, the hot iron thing in his stomach burning even hotter. “Oh, so it’s kinda--”
Dean looked up sharply, squinting. But Cas wasn’t looking at him; he was glancing about, eyes lingering here and there on bits of the decor that was tastefully scattered about the place. Dean watched him for a moment and then glanced around, too.
No questions ever came. After several moments of turning the pages, flipping the menu over and back over, and reading through choices he’d never retain, Dean couldn’t take the silence anymore, and glanced up. He promptly swallowed his heart.
He’d never seen Cas’s wings before. Not these great feathered things. Only shadows, merely the hint of them. They were supposed to be on another plane, another dimension, incomprehensible to human consciousness. How was he seeing them?
But Cas was holding his hand over Dean’s cock, and something warm was dripping from it, drizzling over the head. Cas looked up at Dean, gaze heated.
Dean looked down at his menu, a crease between his eyebrows as though its options had just declared themselves vegan. They hadn’t, of course; no restaurant passed the Winchester test unless it had at the very least one good burger option and one good steak. None of the curvy, curly words actually registered, though. He gripped the thick, glossy thing with two hands, staring, determinedly
Cas pushed the shirt flaps aside and Dean gathered all the strength he possessed to sit up and let him pull it off. But instead of letting him lay back down, Cas grabbed the sides of his head and just looked at him, eyes fixating on every part of his face.
“I know I’m an asshole, Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean whispered against his suit collar, squeezing him. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Cas closed his mouth with a little head tilt that suggested amusement. He blinked and looked away, as Dean pinched the space between his eyes.
“You...calling me ‘angel.’ It should feel strange, like if I were to refer to you as ‘human.’ But the way you say it, it’s...like you’re…”
On instinct, Dean sat up on his elbows to watch as Cas, almost absently, it seemed, reached back and curled a hand around Dean’s calf. He slid it all the way up to his thigh. Dean’s cock jumped, but Cas didn’t seem to notice. His hand jumped to Dean’s other hip, and then both hands were on Dean’s inner thighs, slowly roaming the length of them. A hand curled firmly under his knee and lifted one of his legs so that it was bent at an angle.
Dean swallowed his mouthful of bread with tremendous effort, then washed it down with his second whiskey. Coming up for air, he hissed with the strain and the burn and with a final ticking of his tongue at the taste, focused on Cas.
Across the table, his date seemed to be in no hurry to speak or look up either. He was doing the same thing, though the action was bound to be more genuine. Half the things on this menu were foreign to them. Dean could practically see the same creased brow, the wrinkled nose. The questions were surely building. Dean cleared his throat quietly, in preparation, and pretended to peruse the second page rather than the first.
He nods slowly, thinking. “Winchester family hunting trip, huh? Okay. I can live with that.” I nod, tilting his chin up to kiss him softly. When he pulls away, he grins. “So, do I get punished for not being careful enough?”
In an hour, I wander into the bedroom curiously. The shades have been drawn, so it takes a moment to find Cas, shirtless and barefoot, settled in a straight-backed wooden chair watching me. “Hey baby,” I murmur, trying to identify anything of interest in the dim lighting. “What’s going on?”
Charlie hesitated for a moment, sighing. “I’m...not sure there’s a lot we can do, honestly,” she answered. “We have a lot of theories, but not a lot of solid evidence of...anything, really. Not to mention half our info comes from files I shouldn’t even have access too. Going to the police with what we have now won’t get us any closer to figuring this out, and will probably land at least one of us in jail, where we can’t help anyone.”
He cracks a small smile. “I think it’s settled now.” I nod, gently pulling him up, my wings uncurling from around him to allow him to move. Still, his closest wing reaches out towards mine, and I feel him relax when it slots perfectly underneath. He flushes red. “Sorry,” he mutters.
“Everything,” I manage, blinking in an attempt to see him clearly. He frowns worriedly, reaching out and pressing his fingers lightly against my forehead. It’s like fire for a moment, followed by immediate relief. “Thanks,” I murmur, letting him help me up.
“That’s probably a better idea.” He grips my arm tightly, and we slowly make our way into the bathroom. “I’m sorry,” he murmurs when I set him down on the edge of the tub. “I don’t mean to be so dependent.”
“Why is this Christmas thing so important to you all of a sudden?” I ask. “You’ve never wanted to celebrate it before.”
I consider it for a moment. “I think you’re going to be pleasantly surprised.” I kiss him softly again, licking at his bottom lip and letting a little bit of grace pass through me. He gasps, pulling back a little to look at me.
"Nothing ever does," Dean grumbles, but he shifts over, cautiously climbing into Cas' lap. He flinches slightly when the angel's arms wrap around him, but slowly relaxes against his chest.
“Yeah, and all the major players who could do that are off the board now,” Dean said, trying to ignore the tiny spark of hope that rose in his chest. “But you have a point. And the Empty took his vessel too, so if we can yank him out somehow he should be alright, even without the grace...it’s a start, at least. Maybe there’s some kind of spell that can open a portal there?”
Cas chuckled. “Sort of the middle of nowhere,” he explained. “We’re a little less than an hour away from the city, and about twenty or so minutes from a little town called Hazelwood. Pretty much everything between the two is woods and farmland, so it’s pretty quiet.”
“And that’s why you deflect onto Sam and continue to reject intimacy. But for years you’ve tried to lose your nightmares in taking pleasure from random women,” he points out. “Why is it any different with me? Why is it okay for them to give you pleasure but it’s wrong for me to do the same thing?” I feel the blood rush to my face as I try to come up with a coherent answer. He watches me for a moment before his eyes widen. “Because…you wouldn’t be in control?” he guesses, answering his own question. “That’s what makes you so upset. You’d have to be vulnerable. Dean, do you want to experience…that?”
I frown, thinking it over. In combination with being tied down, it’s a little scarier, but I also don’t have the same jolt of fear I expected. “We can try,” I say finally. “I don’t really know how I’ll react, but I’ll try.”
I shrug. “It’s Dean. Is he ever okay? Why don’t you finish up and I’ll go get him?” he nods, and I go into Dean’s room to find him fighting with a bed frame. “Dinner’s ready. How’s it going?” I ask.
He nods, pressing closer into my side as he tries to calm himself. My hand brushes along the edge of his good wing, and almost immediately the tension leaves him. “That’s really not fair, you know,” he murmurs.
You can also come chat with me on Tumblr, @TheSongSmithTumbles, and now on TWITTER! @TheSongSmithSPN. I'm nice, I promise! Come love me!
Hello my lovelies! I'm so sorry for the delay on this one, things have been crazy with the holidays and I'm currently in the jungles of Ecuador for two weeks helping native people build things and trying not to die. Really. Anyway, the internet here is pretty unreliable, but that just means I have lots of time to write new chapters when I'm not soaking wet and caked in mud, so here's an update for you, and chapter five has also been updated, because the ending somehow got cut off when I uploaded it. Enjoy!
Cas nodded, thinking for a long moment before glancing down to Dean’s arm, fingers hovering over the needle marks. “Someone else did this to you, didn’t they?” he asked softly. Dean flinched slightly, blushing and looking away before nodding. Cas hummed thoughtfully. “I thought so...and I’m sorry.”
Well there you go. Remember to review if you liked it, I really do love reading all your responses! Also, I don't think I've done a shameless plug about my tumblr so you can always find me at thesongsmithtumbles.tumblr.com, I'm nice, I promise!
I help him up, walking him down the hall. He starts going into his room, but I hold onto his arm. “Cas? This way.”
I chuckle, brushing his hair back lightly. "I know, Cas. Relax. I'm not scared. Besides, you sort of know all of my deep dark secrets by now."
Dean makes a vague motion towards the door. “I thought you didn’t like him. That looked downright friendly.”
“I love you too,” Dean answers, resting their foreheads together. “And I’m so proud of you. You did so well.”
So I’m going to have you answer a question for me. I want you to say the first thing that comes to your mind, without fear. I will not shame you for whatever you say, but if you are not honest with me I will know, and there will be consequences. Understood?”
He looks away from me, but doesn’t pull out of my grasp. “You don’t understand, Dean. It’s a big deal. Mating is forever. It was wrong of me to allow you to commit to that without knowing. I’m so – ”
Cas shushed him softly. “Yes you can, Dean. I’m right here with you, and we’re going to do it together, alright? Just hang in there for me. You’re going to get sick or pass out if you keep breathing like that, and I don’t want that to happen. So we’re going to breathe together. Can you feel how I’m breathing?” Dean managed a shaky nod. “Okay. Then I want you to try breathing with me. I’m going to count them out for you, and we’re going to breathe in for four and out for four.” He whimpered again, and Cas ran a hand through his hair gently. “It’s okay. Just give it a try. You can do it.”
Cas nods, lightly squeezing his shoulder. “There is no need to apologize, Hadriel. I know how overwhelming it can be. You’ve done very well. Are you feeling better?”
He hits Cas’ palm again, and it hurts, but it’s not unbearable. “It’s not so bad,” he admits. “But why was my experience so much worse?”
“Well, I hope you’ll enjoy dinner. If you’ll excuse me, I have some things I need to attend to.” He gives a curt little nod in their direction before stalking off, the cameras trailing behind him.
I look up at him, and he rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I know. I don’t usually like it either. But that’s different. I was trained that way. When you’ve been hunting as long as I have, you realize that letting someone touch you is really just giving them the opportunity to hurt you. Not for you, maybe. But for us lowly humans, that’s just how it is.”
Cas blushes, cuddling closer. "Well...the club lets people perform, right? I thought maybe, if you wanted, we could try it, like...practice? Because that's in front of people, but it's still just you, and Benny and the others would be there..."
The hunter nodded, green eyes hopeful as he swallowed thickly. “I’m sure. I...I really like being yours, fully yours,” he mumbled, flushing a deeper red. “And I know you’d never hurt me. I trust you.”
He leans closer, kissing my forehead softly. “It’s okay. I know you weren’t expecting it. You did good. Can I put the other one on?” I nod, hissing as he carefully places it, but manage to keep it together, moaning softly. “Good boy. Color?”
“I...I guess I could probably learn a little more about the whole thing,” Dean admitted. “Especially if Cas is figuring stuff out. It would help if I at least understood what he was talking about, right?”
The next time Cas opens his mouth, all that comes out is a sob. It surprises them both, but another one follows, and Dean holds him closer, stroking lightly through his hair. “Hey, it’s okay, you’re okay,” he murmurs softly. “Just let it out. Just you and me here. I’ve got you, baby boy. Take it easy.”
Cas take s a deep breath, nodding. “Yeah, fine. I just…didn’t want to accidentally run into anyone alone.”
“Good boy. Now, this is the last part, but it’s going to take us a while. We gotta get you nice and relaxed for what’s coming. Gonna open you up real slow.”
“Maybe,” Dean said. “But...I’m pretty happy with my life now. I mean, the current situation aside, I have Cas, and Ben, and you guys, and a job that I love...and yeah, maybe the way I got here kind of sucked, but...the only reason I was able to come out of this on the other side was because of the things you did for me. You were the only adults who cared about me, and you kept Sammy safe and got him help, and that’s not nothing. And now you’re helping Ben, because the way you just accept him as part of the family makes it easier for him to accept himself too. He asked me this morning if I thought you’d be okay with it if he called you grandpa. He already talked to Ellen, I think he’s settled on ‘nana’ for her.”
Benny chuckles. “Well, we’ll see about that. You boys ready to get to it?” Cas nods eagerly, settling in a chair in front of him and pulling his shirt off. Dean hovers anxiously while Benny looks him over. “It looks pretty good,” he says finally. It’s healing nicely. How’s it feel?”
“The last thing I need or want is your help, you asshole,” I growl. “I’m not in the mood. I’m going to give you five seconds to flap your feathery ass out of here, and then if you’re still standing there I’m going to stab you in the fucking face.”
Cas shakes his head, unwilling to take the risk of slipping back into his nightmare. “Not right now. But you can, if you want.”
Dean frowns, glancing at him again before focusing back on the road. “You knew we had a sexual relationship. I was always honest with you about that.”
“Apparently, on some kind of mini-vacation with Gabriel. It seems they’ve decided to hash out whatever the hell is going on with them. So it’s just us for a while.” A slow smile slides across his face, his mood suddenly lifted. “What?” I ask.
Cas scoffed, turning the water off. “How kind of you to hide your true loathing in an effort to spare my feelings, but I happen to be a powerful celestial being, Dean, I don’t require your coddling,” he spit. “Are you going to give me a towel or would you prefer I come out naked?” A white towel was shoved through the curtain, and he scowled as he took it, wrapping it tightly around his waist. “Why are you here?” he asked while he worked up the courage to open the curtain. “I’m sure it’s because Sam insisted you apologize.”
Slowly, a smile sneaks across Cas’ face. “I guess you’re right.” He pauses, thinking. “I do trust you, Dean. I know that probably doesn’t make sense, but I just…feel like I can. I’ve never felt like that before.”
Dean chuckles at the blush that spreads over Cas’ cheeks, kissing him softly. “What are you embarrassed about? It’s just me here. I’m the one who did it, remember? I had my hand inside your body yesterday. You’re not going to tell me anything I don’t know.” He smirks. “Besides, if I didn’t already know you liked being spanked, your moaning usually gives it away.”
Poor Cas :( Good thing he has the boys to take care of him! I have a bunch more chapters already written, but reformatting them to the site is annoying and I have classes tomorrow. So I'm off to sleep now and will be back at it tomorrow.
Dean smiled a little. “Yeah. No, I mean…I’d love to.” He hesitated. “Cas, if…before you decide you want me to stay, I…I have something I need to tell you. You…might not want me here after.”
I smile, pretending to consider it for a moment. “Then I suppose I should accept responsibility for that,” I tease him. “Let me give you my most sincere apologies.”
“Good boy. I’m going to push today. You’ve asked me about a lot of things we haven’t tried yet, and I thought it might be a good time to start exploring them. I’ll be careful, but if anything scares you or it’s too much I need you to tell me. That’s an order, okay? If you don’t you’re going to be in big trouble later. Understood?”
“It’s not,” Jody said firmly, reaching across the table to take his hand, squeezing it tightly. “We’re so happy for you, Dean.”
“Angels can communicate a lot through their wings,” I answer. “Right now, mine are telling you that I’ll protect you. And yours are accepting my protection, and telling me that they trust me.” For some reason this seems to calm him down a little, and he shivers as his wings press up towards mine, practically pleading for help in a decidedly submissive gesture that makes me realize how lost he is, and how desperately he needs me to take charge right now. “Dean, do you trust me?” I ask, covering his wings with my own.
Dean nodded, squeezing Cas’ hand and following him out into the bedroom. “I kind of wanted to talk to you,” He said after a moment, sitting down on the edge of the bed.
Cas considers it. “Yes, I believe so. I…wasn’t aware I could do that.” His wings flutter uncertainly for a moment before folding back and disappearing again.
“You don’t understand,” he answers, showing a small smile. “This is…the only time I’m convinced it’s not true; what they said about me. It’s the only thing that makes me feel safe.” He gives a tearful laugh. “I mean, you take care of me, and then you sit here and hold me and I actually feel like I’m worth something, because you want me. You say all these nice things, and sometimes I can actually believe you and it’s wonderful. I just wanted to tell you…”
Something is wrong, and it makes my chest hurt, but there's nothing I can do to fix it. There's another voice, one that belongs to the other person here.
“No, that’s alright. Besides, I need you to watch out for Sammy,” Dean grins. “Make sure he doesn’t burn the house down, will you?”
Dean eyes the bottle warily, considering it for a long moment, then gives a hesitant nod. “O-Okay…” he whispers, blushing lightly.
I growl at him, wrapping an arm possessively around Cas, who’s trying desperately not to laugh. “Shut up, Sammy. Like you don’t moan Gabriel’s name in the shower all the time. We all know you’re just begging to take it up the ass!”
Can you tell I'm a little excited? So Here's some plot and fluff (and a tiny bit of porn) to celebrate. Woohoo!
I hesitate, considering my answer carefully. “No. I mean, that’s not it. It’s that I do, but I don’t…quite know what to do. Angels don’t…do that like humans do. They don’t…hug or hold hands or experience much in the way of physical touch. But I’ve noticed, since I’ve been here, that I seem to…enjoy it. And worse, that I think I want it like I never have before. But these feelings…they’re so new. It’s.…strange.”
His hands travel slowly up each side of my spine. “Have you considered that maybe they’re only so overwhelming because you’re so determined to fight them?” he asks.
Benny studies his expression for a moment, sighing softly and sitting down again. “Okay, listen. That’s something you two have to discuss. But honestly, I don’t think he’d be upset. Your romantic relationship is separate from your relationship in the playroom. And yeah, there might be some crossover, but I know Dean is very careful about keeping those things apart. Letting other people touch you in that kind of setting isn’t the same as cheating in my eyes, and I don’t think Dean would see it that way either. And besides, it’s not about the other people, it’s about putting trust in your Dom. He’ll be there with you the whole time, and you two will discuss boundaries ahead of time. Frankly, he’d probably think it was hot. But if you’re really concerned, talk to him. You’re not going to enjoy it if you’re worried about that.”
Finally, Gabriel cracks a small smile. “I believe in him too. Thank you for being so great. You always were the level-headed one.”
“Sometimes,” I answer softly. “But we’re going to fix it. Cas, have you ever heard of this happening to anyone else?”
Cas nods slowly. "I know that. You've been in pain for far too long for anyone to fix, and I'm also sorry that I can't help you. So I won't be releasing you as Ramiel, the ex-angel with a dead mate. But I will be releasing you."
Gabriel grins. “Well, we are sort of having a nice little chat now. I think this is the most you’ve ever said to me, so I’d call that progress. And, you know, if you were in mortal danger I think I’d be willing to step in and save the day.”
He frowns for a moment, then seems to remember. “Oh, yes. Gabriel gave it to me. He said it was very important, and that you’d understand. He wouldn’t tell me why.”
“Of course not,” I murmur, my palms stroking soothingly along his skin, trying to ease his trembling. “You have to remember, this doesn’t happen often between angels and humans. It is…difficult to determine what to expect. If I’d known this was even a possibility, I would have warned you immediately. I’m sorry.”
“Shockingly good,” I manage after a minute. “I mean, still weird, but…good.” He smiles, pleased, and starts moving again as I slowly relax, letting my eyes close as he takes me in his mouth again. His fingers shift , pressing up and moving over something that makes hot sparks of pleasure jolt through me. Cas groans as my hips buck up on their own, his fingers dragging over that spot again, chuckling at the string of curses that escapes me. “Cas…close…” I manage, trying to warn him. He just hums in response, sinking lower as he presses harder over the spot, and I shout as I cum hard down his throat.
The voice is so soft that it takes a minute before he notices, gentle in the way it curls down his spine, which makes a sick, distant sort of longing kick up under his ribs. “Can’t,” he slurs to the room. “Promised Sammy…”
“I don’t know. We don’t really have someone on the angel patrol we can call for help. Maybe we should tell him your evil angel theory. Maybe it’ll jog his memory or something.”
And now Cas knew it was him they were discussing, but he still didn’t understand why. Steeling himself, he forced his feet to carry him into the room. Dean looked up, smiling quickly, though there was still too much worry in his eyes. “Hey buddy...listen, we, uh...can we talk to you?”
Sam blushes, hesitating for a moment before wrapping an arm around him. “I guess...though it might have something to do with the fact that you can just poof in snacks.”
“Fuck yeah,” he hums, nuzzling closer. Cas smiles, kissing his head before guiding him back onto his heels.
Dean nods, relieved, his shoulders relaxing as he hands Cas a menu. “They make a good burger,” he grins. “I figured we both might be more comfortable somewhere a little less formal.”
I stare at him for a moment. “Okay, you’re going to have to explain that to me. What do you mean they ‘remember’ me?” Instead of explaining, he spreads his good wing farther, and I see a small imperfection. Upon closer inspection, they look like fingerprints burned into the feathers. “What…”
“Okay then, that’s what we’ll do,” Cas answered, wiping his face again. “No more tears. We’ll figure it out together.”
“I know we still have to wait a couple of weeks, but I thought maybe we could use that time to help. I don’t want you to be scared when we do try it.”
“I don’t think so,” I admit. “It’s just kind of understood that when you find your soul mate, you’re mated.” He nods thoughtfully. “Why are you asking about all this?”
“That’s kinda weird to think about,” Dean admitted, kissing his head lightly. “But we have the rest of our lives to figure it out, right?”
It takes Cas’ sharp intake of breath for me to realize what I’ve said, and I can feel the blush returning, but Cas smiles, leaning closer to kiss me softly. “Don’t ever be too embarrassed to tell me what you want,” he murmurs against my lips. “Especially not when it’s something so fucking hot.”
It was a conversation they’d needed to have, Cas thought, remembering it fondly while Dean hums contentedly, his tongue pushing deeper. It had still taken a bit of adjustment, but he feels it now, in the patient, unhurried movements and the way Dean seems to lose himself to the act a little bit more with each muffled moan Cas lets out.
I chuckle, pulling him closer. “You know the expression “God knows”?” He nods. “I’m not sure even He really knows.”
Cas considered the blade for a moment before his eyes lifted to Dean’s face. He wasn’t sure if it was his expression, or the pleading note in his voice, but the angel nodded, touching his cheek lightly. “I always trust you, Dean.”
“Relaxed,” he finishes. I blush again, nodding slowly, puzzled by the slow grin and expression of wonder that moves across his face. “It’s okay. It doesn’t make me uncomfortable. It’s kind of cool, actually. I’m glad you can relax like that around me.”
“Well, I…honestly don’t know. Whatever they did had to be bad to mess him up like this. Did you see anything strange while you were cleaning him up?”
“Good boy. Deep breaths.” There’s a soft clinking sound, and then a cold drop falls onto my chest. I flinch at it, and at the next one, gasping when the object is swiped across my skin. “Guesses?” he asks.
“You don’t have to thank me,” Dean answers, kissing him softly. “It’s a new thing. It’s okay to be a little nervous. But you’re still willing to try. That’s what matters. Though I have to say, it did surprise me. Why did you want to do this so much?”
“Oh, sorry,” Dean says. “Forgot you’ve never officially met. Sam, this is my friend Benny. I’ve told you about him. Cas called him in when I was kinda freaking out.”
Cas nods frantically, sure the sounds coming out of his mouth are the dirtiest noises he’s ever made, but unable to care as the wave of pleasure pulls him back under. When he can breathe next he moans loudly, arching his back. “
He smiles. “I think it’s time I give Earth another chance. I can’t thank you enough. You’ve been very kind.”
I chuckle. “Yeah, Cas, that’s right. I’m glad you understand that now. So no more apologizing for needing help, right?”
“You still have your doubts,” he finishes, hugging me closer. “I understand, Dean. And I’m very proud of you for the progress you’ve made. It really is a huge step. I’d never expect this to be fixed all at once. Not after so many years with this feeling. That’s why I try so hard to remind you how important you are. I want to help you believe it.”
“Just about seven,” Dean murmurs. “A little early for a Sunday. Do you want to try going back to sleep?”
He chuckles softly. “I had a feeling you’d be agreeable.” I can’t do much but moan in response, and he shifts to hold both my wrists in one hand while he continues his torturously slow exploration, grinding his hips against mine occasionally.
He only gets that far before Dean finds himself nearly lifted off the ground in an enthusiastic hug. “Dean! It’s so nice to meet you finally.”
Cas chuckles, nodding as they watch the couple happily. "They are...I think they might have forgotten we're here..."
“Well it’s…this part is the most sensitive and vulnerable part of an angel’s wings,” I explain, lightly running my fingers over the soft inner feathers, feeling him tremble. “Usually angels keep it hidden, to protect it. To expose it to someone else is a sign of extreme trust. Similar to how certain pack animals will expose their throats to their leaders. It’s also an act of…submission.” He swallows so loudly I can hear it. “It’s not what you think,” I say quickly. “For angels, it’s just…”
Dean shook his head. “No, that’s...I mean, it’s not exactly my greatest area of expertise, but that’s not why I acted the way I did. I was trying to stop myself from ruining everything. I just never realized I was hurting you too.” He shook his head, laughing slightly, though there was no humor in it. “God, I fucked it all up...I’m...an idiot, and a dick, and a...what’d you call me earlier?”
Cas nods. “Alright, but you have to promise that if we try something and you do have a problem you have to tell me.”
“Nope. But it doesn’t look like we have any other choice. I’ll follow your lead.” Cas returns, taking a seat at the table. “Morning,” Sam greets him. “How are you feeling?”
“Yes,” Rowena agreed, resting a hand on his shoulder. “You’re far too handsome to spend eternity in a void, dear. We had to set things right. Now, not that this little reunion isn’t lovely, but I’ll have to be getting back to my duties, so do you need anything before I go? Does anything hurt or feel strange?”
His response is something close to a snarl, his nails digging into Dean’s back for a moment before dragging down to shove at the waistband of his sweatpants. He’s intensely thankful that he didn’t put underwear back on when he changed, and Cas’ hands squeeze and knead at his ass. “What do you need?” he smirks.
When I wake up again, it’s to the light stroking of feathers along my arm. I groan, stretching before falling back against the warm body beside me. “Morning,” he murmurs quietly, his embrace tightening around me.
He smiles sheepishly. “You had a nightmare. You were scared that the bad man was going to get you. I wanted to tell you that I’d protect you like I always have, but it wouldn’t have made sense to you. So I thought…maybe I could do it that way. It seemed to help.”
Dean laughs at the shout we hear from the bathroom, leaning into my shoulder. “You might be right.” I catch Zadkiel’s scent on him, frowning as my instincts kick in. I want to have him right now, but I try to restrain myself. Instead, I wrap an arm around his shoulders, lightly tracing patterns into his skin. He looks over at me and chuckles. “Something wrong? You look like you’re sucking on a lemon.”
“Giving them a taste of their own medicine,” I say, a little louder than I intended. “They deserve it!” I sigh. “Honestly? I really want to kill every single one of them for what they did to you. I want them to suffer.”
When he looked over, he saw Ben sitting in Hope’s stall, laughing as the young horse put her head in his lap for him to pet. Cas wandered over after checking the other stalls, wrapping an arm around Dean’s waist. “You okay?” he asked, noticing Dean’s expression.
Cas only sobs harder, choking out broken phrases. “I can’t…I’m sorry, Dean…I didn’t mean to…I didn’t know what to do…”
When he managed to drag his eyes up from the comforter, the surprise on the angel’s face was starting to melt into a grin. “I’m honored that you felt you could tell me that,” he murmured, taking Dean’s hand gently. “You know, just because that’s the category you feel you fall into, it doesn’t mean you have to identify yourself that way to other people, if you’re not comfortable.”
Cas nods, considering where to start for the rest of the trip home. When they’ve settled on the couch, Dean turns to him expectantly. “Where did Kevin come from?” he asks first.
“Yeah. He said he was tired of the city, but I think he just couldn’t go back in that hospital without seeing him. So he came out here. I think he started taking in the horses as a way to cope. Apparently Luke wanted to be a cowboy when he grew up. And I think he had to convince himself that he could still save someone. So I started coming over to help. But mostly to check on him. Someone had to make sure he wasn’t shutting himself in this house of his.”
Cas was quiet for a moment, and Dean wasn’t brave enough to look up at his expression. “Dean?” he said finally. “Please look at me.” Slowly, he glanced up, surprised at the concern on his face. “Dean, whatever it is, it would never change the way I think about you, and it certainly wouldn’t make me not like you. I don’t want you to tell me because you think it’s what I want. I only offer in case you want to talk. And it doesn’t have to be now either. But I’m not going to turn on you, no matter what you tell me, or when.”
“Am I going to punish you, you mean?” He asks. I feel myself flush, shrugging, and he sighs softly. “I don’t know. Can you tell me why it’s so important to you?”
“Yes,” he answers, smiling back. “Thank you for your help. I feel much better.” He pauses, squinting at Dean. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
Castiel spoke over him, “No, no, that’s perfectly alright.” A corner of his mouth turned up into a small smile, which Dean returned. Castiel stood there for a few more seconds before stepping out of the kitchen.
They followed the man as he turned the corner into what looked to be the kitchen. At the far side of the room a figure sat at a small kitchen table, looking out the back panel of windows at the rain, coming down heavier than before. The man that had searched them for weapons turned and gestured them forward again, taking position at the doorway. Castiel moved forward, Dean a step behind him, and the figure turned to face them and stood up, helped by a walking cane.
“I’ll be in the kitchen if you require anything of me.” Castiel said, and the officer nodded distractedly as he passed him in the hall.
“If any of you are wondering, this is Class Relations 101, which ALL freshman are REQUIRED to take!” For such a small man, his voice carried well through the large room. “I’ll hand out the syllabus at the end of class, but this first one will be info I’m required by law to teach you, yada yada yada.” He had taken a laptop out of his bag as he had talked and now set it on the podium and connected it to the projector.
Dean still could not believe – well, any of this, really. All these little tiny coincidences leading up to freakin’
The shuttle rocked again, but this time everyone was pressed down into their seats as the shuttle shot upwards, faster than before.
A phlebotomist could draw an arm like this sleepwalking. Castiel puts Dean’s arm just where he wants it and glances up to see Dean still staring back at him like he hung the moon. “Keep looking at me and don’t move your arm.” Dean bobs his head in acknowledgement.
Plodding over to Charlie’s shut bedroom door, Dean could only lay on the ground in front of it and wait for death to take him. “Charlie, why must you do this to me?” he groaned. He knew exactly who she had sent this picture to, and his social humiliation had now been completed. First a physical altercation with a pissed-off grandma, now this. He was way too hung-over for this shit.
They made it to the Allen’s house without Dean trying to ralph up his guts again, and Benny parked on the other side of the road. The ambulance had yet to arrive, and they needed to give it the driveway when it did. Dean and Benny looked at each other.
He let the blood on his blade drip red circles into the dirt as he listened for other movement. For several minutes, only the sound of constant wind whistled past him, broken occasionally by the distant thunder of the dismembered parts of his brothers and sisters crashing to the earth. The shadow of Sahaqiel’s corpse blocked out the red sun from where Castiel stood, throwing everything around him into darkness.
The nurse flashes a smile. “Okay, I’ll let Rick know you’ll go down for a cart. Oh, and they told me to tell you Mr. Riggs was combative this morning. Just so you know.”
It takes only a split second for his face to brighten in recognition. Dean raises a hand that Castiel returns back, and the relieved smile Dean sends his way is enough for his dark mood to be banished.
Once Dean made it to the bathroom and closed the door, he turned to the mirror. Oh God. His face looked like it had gone a few rounds with, well, the wrong end of a gun. He leaned closer for a better look. A few cuts here and there, almost hidden by the ugly splotches of color on the one side of his face. Dean took off his shirt as well, but he didn’t find any other bruises or scrapes.
“Perhaps after we rest. My leg still needs time to heal before I feel confident enough to go anywhere.”
"Stir-crazy." Jess had one leg folded up, shoe on the seat, and swung the other leg back and forth, full of poorly restrained energy. She was sitting across the table from him, looking around the interior of the fast food place they were eating at. “Did you hear that the processing facility just north of here got hit this morning? They’ll be down even after the flight ban is lifted.”
, I wouldn’t do that if I was you. Take it out and put it on the ground, slowly, and kick it towards me. Don’t make me shoot anyone, now.” His eyes- he was flashing his red alpha eyes at them, and they glowed in the darkness.
“Got it, boss.” Without another word, AJ lead them both down the hallway and into another room, leaving Mortimer behind. AJ stopped in front of the door with his hand on the handle and turned to them. “Since you guys took too long to get here, we’re going to have to improvise a little on the departure.”
Castiel took his plate to the kitchen sink to clean it just as he heard Dean walk back into the hallway, and sat back down at the table, still trying to put together a plan. He’d told Daphne what he could, where to find him if he disappeared, to give him up if anyone came looking. It would buy him just a bit more time, and save their lives as well. Hopefully they’d only kill him, or before the others, if he was lucky.
“Red light, say goodnight, prepare to die in bloody fright? That Great Cloud?” There were children’s rhymes about the occupied territory of space the fringe colonies like Middleroad found themselves bordering. None of them were very cheery.
Ruby squirmed under Dean like a snake, trying to get leverage, but Dean had her pinned. With a grim satisfaction, he wrenched her arms back and managed to wrest his cuffs from his belt and snap them on her wrists. Ruby knew the fight was over the moment the cuffs tightened. She stilled beneath him, but Dean knew she was just biding her time for an opportunity.
Ellen looked between the two of them. "Do what you want, but be sure to make it back in time. We can't afford to miss this take-off."
“Jess, c’mon, we have to-“ Sam started, turning, until he saw Castiel standing between them. With no effort at all, Castiel had caught Jess by the neck, lifting her off her feet. She scrabbled to free herself, but Castiel was too strong to even notice the effort.
Even expecting it, the sight of a whole pack surrounding them makes Castiel hyper-aware, senses sharpening in warning. That is, until the first werewolf to approach does so by coming in too fast on all fours and over-corrects, sprawling face first in the dirt.
Of course, he’d always been aware that Dean was aesthetically pleasing - classically handsome even, but that wasn’t why he stared so hard now. Dean had always been described as a kind man by the family and friends Castiel had met, but he hadn’t experienced it in person until today. Watching him interact with both Shawn and Krissy; entertaining Shawn with board games and - he couldn’t help but overhear - offering Krissy self-defense lessons, showed a facet of him that Castiel very much preferred. Dean could be vindictive and violent, a requirement of his profession, but watching him smile at Shawn, eyes crinkling up in amusement when he’d had a good turn, well.
Henrickson tried to reign in the volume of his voice to a more reasonable level. “How is it pointless to know how so many were killed? We are
Sam opened his eyes to focused beams of flashlights sweeping over him, illuminating the area he’d fallen down to. A line of dirt cascaded down from the side of the hole he’d left behind as someone moved too close to the edge.
“Officer Winchester.” Obviously surprised, Castiel looked between the two of them, wary until Charlie caught his attention by waving a dismissive hand.
The food tables have already been set up, with servers watching them like hawks to make sure the Fae do not add their own food to the mix. Thin, reedy music floats over the din of conversation from a corner of the hall. Normally, he would like it, but now any and all sounds are grating on his nerves.
“I know you have handcuffs on you too.” Gordon ordered, instead of answering. “Put them on and throw the keys over here.”
“Alright,” the man said, standing up again when he had finished, “this way.” He turned and walked down the hall, not looking back.
Daphne and Krissy found them after Dean had finished explaining the game and got roped into playing as well. Immediately, Krissy and Dean formed an alliance with quick nods, but Castiel and Shawn did the same, and they had much better luck. Daphne stayed neutral through the whole thing, which was how she bankrupted first. Shortly after, Dean followed, ‘cause he kept landing on freakin’ boardwalk
Castiel didn’t answer and looked at Jimmy instead, meeting his eyes. Even though Jimmy had never had experience with peacekeeping packs, he stayed quiet, face set. He knew what would happen next.
When Dean was dressed, he walked to the opposite side of the room to a wet bar cabinet Sam hadn’t noticed until now, giving Sam a wide berth. “I can’t deal with you right now, Sam.” he said, tone and expression flat.
“About Star Wars? Chill, I’m just-“ he trailed off, thinking, before he narrowed his eyes at Charlie. “Wait, who are you watching this with?” He inhaled, but only could smell Charlie’s regular beta scent.
Castiel broke into a run at the sound, shifting in midair to sprint faster. He darted through the old forest, lighted only by the weak filter of moonlight wavering through the trees. Castiel knew these woods well, and he ran between the twisted trunks, relying on memory rather than sight. When he approached the area where he had heard the howls, a short distance from his own cabin, Castiel slowed and stopped, suddenly smelling the sharp scent of blood. He couldn’t stop here for long – he needed to get back to the house, but he shifted back to human form anyways. “Hello? Is anyone there?” Castiel asked, braving the sound for one second.
Anyways, thank you people who have still been commenting, wanting me to continue! You guys give me hope!
“Amazing how small it is, don’t you think?” Mortimer said, offhandedly, and dropped the flashdrive on the floor beside him.
“How do you know that? I thought you said he was only from a case? Do you want to tell me something?”
Balthazar and Meg toast one another, clinking the metal flasks together before taking a big swig. Balthazar coughs a little and pounds his chest. “Ugh, that’s strong.” The sharp smell of the potent herb mixture makes Castiel wrinkle his nose, and he shakes his head again when they offer.
"I didn't tell anyone." At Castiel's flat stare, Dean went on, "I swear I didn't. All I did was search your name in our database."
Sammy had moved out almost a year ago after finally getting his proverbial feet back under him, and although it got a bit lonely at times, Dean was perfectly content with a bachelor pad to himself. Really. He
He could already feel the tickle at the back of his throat. What kind of person was allergic to their own daemon?
Castiel waved to Daphne and Shawn as they disappeared into the garage, and waited for the door to shut before starting to load the dishwasher. Although he knew Krissy stood silent in the kitchen behind him, Castiel gave no sign of it. She would start when she wanted. The metallic tinge of adrenaline colored the air, giving him some semblance of warning.
“You-“ Rufus was out of his chair by that point. “Hold on.” He moved towards where the sound had originated from, disappearing behind the cargo.
The hand on his collar moved up and tightened in Dean’s hair, pulling his head back sharply. “I know what you’re doing, Dean. I’m the one asking the questions, and I can do a lot more than that with you sitting pretty on your knees like that. So. Where is he?”
Dean climbed the stairs and paused – he didn’t know which room was Castiel’s - so he turned back to Daphne. “Which one is it?”
Dean just grunted and continued pacing. Wasn’t like the opposite was going to make this go faster either. Nothing to do but worry and hope Sam was alright.
Dean had to wait outside Bobby’s office for half an hour, and watched the other officers to relieve the boredom. They talked softly among themselves, side-eying him and the closed door of Bobby’s office. They all knew something was going down, since they never saw an FBI agent walking through their station. They just didn’t know what. Only Garth went about his day like normal, even waving cheerily at Dean. But he’d always been a weird duck, especially for an alpha.
“No, wait!” The omega grabbed Daphne a bit tighter, drawing her attention. “I can’t go anywhere. Not when-” she lowered her voice when Daphne turned back to face her and continued in hushed tones. Dean shifted in place as they spoke, purposefully too quiet to be overheard, and noticed trenchcoat man staring at him. He stood just a little shorter than Dean himself, the too-big creeper coat covering a disheveled suit and tie. The rest of his features were too indistinct to see, thanks to the dim lighting of the alleyway.
Castiel discovered the first cracks completely on accident. He’d suspected, years before this; felt out the rough, uneven edges by himself, but it hadn’t been enough to realize the extent of all the hairline fractures radiating under their very feet.
Dean only stopped once, halfway across Minnesota. Castiel woke up when the car decelerated, disoriented.
Castiel didn’t respond right away, rubbing his face. “No, not…usually. Though recent events have made them become more frequent.”
Castiel hides the disappointment that sweeps through him at those words. “Of course. I wouldn’t want to keep him waiting.”
Bobby and Rufus had kept their distance from the stranger, wary even though he looked weak as a kitten, disoriented and blinking slow. His nose had stopped bleeding, but he was still sitting on the floor, only propped upright by the crate he was leaning against. It didn’t seem like he was aware enough to notice their presence.
pack, Dean noticed, watching from the doorway. Not more than ten minutes later, Castiel emerged holding one duffel bag, his familiar maroon backpack slung haphazardly over one shoulder. Krissy and Shawn were waiting at the bottom of the stairs for Castiel as they made their way down.
“Did your father send you after me?” Cas questioned, moving up beside the bed so he could see Ruby’s face better.
Dean whistles lowly. “Well, I’ll be damned. No wonder I, uh…” He looks shifty for a second, “Did, I- did I say anything bad? After I was out? I don’t really remember much after you started. It’s all really hazy.”
“He’s not-“ Castiel gave up on the longstanding argument and turned his attention back to the fireworks. The anniversary of the Civil War always made tensions run high. No doubt the people of the New Hierarchy would continue their tradition of hunting what wild wolves they could find on their land in celebration, if they hadn’t been driven to extinction outside the Forests already. Uriel would tear apart any trespassers that had the bright idea to intrude on their land at such a time.
“Ah, you finally made it,” the man said, “I was beginning to worry you got lost on your way here.” Although he appeared small and frail, almost skeletal under his suit, sharp eyes flickered over them both, and the grip on his cane stayed relaxed. This was the man they had come to see.
“Well, that’s rude.” Dean muttered to Henrickson’s back, but Henrickson heard that and turned around, pointing one finger at him.
“Right.” Bobby pointed to Shane, who hadn’t had his hand raised. “Find out where the nearest evac points are and flag them for us. The rest of you, we need a count of how many working fliers we have.”
Faint whispers drew his attention down. There was an old wooden door in the center of the room, hinged snugly into a thin doorframe, standing by itself.
“Do you have any other questions before I go?” Castiel asked, but Shawn shook his head absentmindedly as he scribbled in another answer.
Dean glanced out the window to find the sun setting already, rust colored hues slowly bleeding darker; it was evening, but he wasn’t going to wait until tomorrow to finally confront Samuel, and this definitely needed to be face-to-face. Dean wasn’t even going to give him a warning call. Not like he could, anyway. He’d deleted Samuel’s number already. He shrugged on a jacket and snatched his keys from the front hall, slamming the door behind him as he made his way to the Impala. As soon as Dean got in and started the engine, he was pulling out of the driveway and driving west, heading towards the Campbell warehouse.
“Go talk to your own freaking daemon, Cas,” Dean snapped, grabbing Raz’s chair from behind and dragging it out of Cas’ reach. Raz startled at the movement and grabbed the chair cushion with her claws. “Oh wait, that’s right, you don’t have one.”
Obviously, descriptions of it were in every history book out there, and there were grainy videos of people shifting somewhere on the Internet, but it wasn’t a Thing that happened. Sammy had always been more interested in it than Dean had ever been, and he’d gone on and on about the few studies being done to understand the change - how it wasn’t a physical transformation, of bone and muscle turning into something else, but a transformation of reality – of somehow having a wolf in the place of a human. Dean had usually tuned it out.
After work, Dean retrieved his Baby and drove to Sammy’s house. He really needed to stop being their third wheel, but what the hell. It wasn't like they'd ever turned down a get-together with him before, especially if it included a cooked meal from the older Winchester. Parking his Baby in their driveway, he raised an eyebrow at the tiny blue monstrosity of a car also parked there.
They both tried to ignore the monitors showing the blackened remains of Hephaestus as they continued on.
The kid hesitated, hands behind his back. “Shawn.” He said it so softly Dean almost didn’t catch it.
After the way the Campbell clan had treated him, Dean could guess a couple reasons why Castiel had escaped out of there, especially since he used scent blockers and had those scars. He lived in an omega safe-house for crying out loud. After being on the streets, not even knowing their language, for years. Daphne definitely knew. No wonder Castiel wasn’t in the system; Preserves continued to be almost completely separate from the rest of the world. They wouldn’t normally show up on databases. Of course, without having some way to confirm it, it was just a shot in the proverbial dark, but if Charlie had come to the same conclusion, then...
The family business was trade, and the Campbells had a big warehouse on the edge of town that they used to move and ship goods to and from the Preserves, and the three practically lived and worked there all hours of the day. Dean had gotten the tour when they had first met, and he’d been surprised that the Preserves did any trading at all, but the amount of stuff in the warehouse had been staggering. Wood, vast quantities of food, textiles, medicine, machinery, the list went on and on.
True to her word, Meg stays by him and draws him into a conversation explaining the intricacies of blood donations for different species. “-No, they do the same for very rare human blood types that develop an antibody to normal types as well-“ Castiel says, then gets distracted by a new sound.
Jo was still leaning in the doorway. She crossed and uncrossed her arms a few times. “Listen,” Jo said, face softening just a bit. “I lost friends on Hephaestus too, so if you wanna talk. At any time. I’m-y’know.”
Settling back into the couch, Dean watched as Castiel looked at the recorder and back to Dean. “I already asked you this, but can you state your name for the record, please?”
Castiel took that for what it was and headed to the door. Dean followed him out, this time to make sure he left, and Castiel turned to face him again after passing over the threshold. “Dean, I won’t tell anyone.” he repeated, solemn.
As they tied his hands behind him, Castiel turned his head to see Dean struggling beneath the fifth hunter.
“Well, in about one hour I think we’re going to be considered fugitives, so yeah, I think something is very the matter.” Dean replied, canvassing the rest of the room. When he spotted the pad of paper and pen that hotels always provided, Dean strode over to it and started to write his note. Hopefully it would be enough.
“No, I read your file hours ago. This,” Henrickson put his hand down on the top of the folder, “is all the information we have on one Jimmy Novak.”
Despite his bravado, Dean couldn’t stop the tremor that made his hands shake over Castiel’s steady ones.
Henrickson kept staring through him. “It’s strange- you’d think the person responsible for saving all those omegas would come forward, but there was also…”
When Dean sees the low dais Castiel’s chair rests on, he almost hesitates, but then Castiel stands up and steps down to meet him, holding a hand out. “Hello, Dean.”
“Hey, Sammy.” Dean said, aiming for nonchalant. “Just thought you should know your mate Ruby’s in town.”
“The one at the end of the hall.” Daphne supplied, and Dean started walking fast again, “Wait, Dean-“ she repeated, and Dean reached the door. He tried the handle but the door was locked.
it gave us time to make our own move. I didn’t expect that Castiel would run for it and give us the slip.”
Once Castiel packed his backpack up and slung it over his shoulder, they made it to the café without running into anyone else they knew. It was busy, but they still got a table just fine. Dean noticed Cas’ food choice with approval – no rabbit food for him or Dean.
Dean sighed dramatically but stilled his leg again. He hadn’t thought guard duty was going to be so soul-suckingly
Hannah moves against his side, catching his attention. “Would you like some whole blood to take the edge off? The coven scheduled a donation for us.”
A figure had been standing at the table opposite the hotel beds, and turned sharply at their entrance. “Oh shi-“ Ruby said, before Dean tackled her.
Hitched? Castiel didn’t understand that term either, but he let it go. “I know you had no choice in the matter, but thank you for letting me stay in your home.”
He slid out of the chair to crouch on the floor and Castiel followed – below the threshold of the window.
Sam shifted and checked his comm again, only to be greeted with another error message when he tried to connect to the station’s network. He’d tried to contact Dean immediately, but communication lines had been filled with thousands of other refugees trying to find their own families and loved ones, crashing the system multiple times throughout the station.
“What about Castiel? Is he-“ Castiel’s head turned sharply to the window, and he sat up, not paying attention to the two outside his door anymore.
“Gordon.” Castiel supplied, and Dean nodded as he started in on his gun holster. “That doesn’t explain who sent that picture or when it was taken.”
Swallowing, Dean scanned the other side of the street, zeroing in on the parking lot behind and to the side of a bank building. There hadn’t been any more shots besides the first one, and Dean could only hope that Henrickson had been the only intended target. Oh man, this was a terrible idea.
“You know what Red feels like. It feels incredible, doesn’t it? Like you’re invincible.” Gordon leaned forward. “That’s just a perk. I don’t do things for drugs. I’m a better policeman than that.”
“Might want to consider moving the transfer to tomorrow night there, Cassie.” Balthazar added. “Uriel will double the patrols tonight to keep the revelers out. Harder to get by with two sick omegas.”
Both Charlie and Dean turned to stare at him. Charlie even paused in taking a bite out of a large piece of garlic bread and lowered it down to her plate. “How is that even possible?”
Charlie stretched and put her second empty bottle down, eying his phone. “So, for realsies, how’s work? Status still on the down-low?”
He had turned to look at Dean again, but movement caught his eye and Castiel turned his head, glancing further into the apartment. A strange man walked into view, with dark skin and a darker suit, and Castiel froze in place.
Once she had the number, after a few more moments of recalcitrance from Dean, she dialed it with her own cellphone. Dean heard Benny pick up on the other end. “Hello, Benny? This is Krissy. Um-“ she hesitated. “Dean said I could call you if I needed help and he wasn’t answering, and I-“ her voice broke, and Dean could only imagine Benny sitting up in his chair at that, one of his cats probably dislodged from his lap at the movement.
After a quick look, Ash went back to the X-ray he’d taken, frowning thoughtfully at the screen. “You say you broke it? And didn’t do the regrowth option? I don’t see any fracture lines.”
Late on the second day, instead of going to Castiel, Dean left the house, the screen door banging behind him.
Sam’s comm had been retrieved after he’d been pulled from the tunnel, and now he touched the screen and pulled up the broadcast.
Castiel held up one finger, a look of concentration on his face, and they all watched him with trepidation. “I think I’m starting to feel something.” They all watched him for a second more. He belched.
Other werewolves come forward, more graceful than Garth, to scent the humans around the bonfire and circle the vampires. Their fur is sleek and proportions balanced, ears perked forward – it’s a good sign that their pack is taking care of itself. Across the fire, Eileen has her hands in the scruff of one of the largest werewolves Castiel has ever seen.
“Usually, yes. But he went through a lot of thorough testing to make up for it. We do provide services to omegas that want to remain nameless, so we sometimes also make exceptions for the volunteers as well. Castiel is really nice once you get to know him. He-“ She thought better of finishing the sentence, closing her mouth instead.
Before he could finish the thought, the man from before pushed him forwards, and Sam stumbled into the line of people pushing their way up the metal ramp to the shuttle.
“I think we need your help.” Dean told her. “Uh, did you know Gordon was the one that shot Henrickson?”
Dean took a couple seconds to process, inhaling as well, but he couldn’t separate any specific smell in such a crowded place. But he had noticed one earlier, one that he had taken as perfume. No way. “Jess, are you-?”
“You want eggs or what?” Dean asked, finally. He always made breakfast for himself when he had the time, so it wasn’t too much trouble to make something for another person. Hopefully Castiel wouldn’t eat him out of house and home like Sammy used to.
“You’re probably wondering why we’ve been looking so incredibly hard for these two brothers that we actually had flags on searches in police databases.”
ohhh god. i am such a slow writer i'm sorry guys!!! but thank you everyone for encouraging me to go on!
“No, I’m not done talking to her just yet. I’m calling ‘cause Castiel is here. He didn’t get my text.”
“I told you, no one’s hands are the right ones for that information. Even a vaccine would need to have the original virus. Too much risk would be involved.” Castiel had to stop himself from going to the floor to pick up the pieces of plastic he could still see. Mortimer kept talking to Dean instead of him. “And if you were smart, you’d have a back-up somewhere. I’d urge you to destroy it immediately.”
“I get it.” Jo said, awkwardly. “Uh, just gonna get Sam situated, but if you need anything, just use your comm to call me.” Dean watched her leave out of the corner of his eye and then turned back to unpacking what little he had. He’d probably need to ask around for things he forgot, or if he ran out of clothes, especially if he was helping in engineering.
He panicked for a split second before he remembered. Fucking red wine looked like a crime scene when it came back up. After a brief second of respite, he dry-heaved again, eyes watering and spine arching, but nothing else came up despite the effort. Dean coughed and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
“You guys trying to open the airlock again by any chance?” Ellen asked, and Dean and Castiel looked at one another.
Dean rubbed his head with the back of his hand in frustration, careful not to get grease on his face. He’d finally finished closing up the work panel and now had two options; go back to his bunk, or try to relax in the green room, as close to nature as he could get out here.
Even during the first time, as soon as both of them were done and the wave of heat had passed, Dean had left without a backwards glance, and Castiel had recovered alone, a heavy feeling coalescing in his gut. He understood why Dean was doing it, but that didn’t make it any easier to bear. Dean was fulfilling a physical need
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam asked a little later, and Dean realized all three of them were staring at him, looking very concerned.
Dean sighed and glanced back at Jess and Sam. “Fine. I’m staying the night here, though,” he said, addressing the other two, and they nodded. Jess looked down at the can in Dean’s hands, quirking an eyebrow when she looked back up.
“Oh, it’s just something my brother got for me when we were little,” Dean said, palming it so that Castiel couldn’t see. He made to tuck it under his shirt.
He slowly unravels the power he keeps coiled and under control deep in his chest and leans over Dean’s bed, ready to ensnare. Dean looks up at him at the movement, into his eyes, and just like that Castiel has him.
One of the other alphas covered up a guffaw with a hasty cough. Gordon lost the smile but didn’t break the stare. The red of the smoldering embers at the end of his cigarette reflected in his eyes. He exhaled slowly before speaking, the smoke disappearing in the still, heavy air. The other alphas kept quiet, watching them. “Careful now, Dean. One might think you’re interested if you keep bringing it up.”
Once he locked the door, Castiel took off all his clothes and threw his covers off the bed. It was going to be a long night.
Sam looked around again, cataloguing the architecture around him. This wasn’t a natural cave system or tunnel. Unlike the crumbling organic spires of the ruins above ground, these smooth curving walls looked pristine, curving off in both directions like a long, circular hallway. Although the only light source should’ve been the sunlight pouring through the hole above him, no deep shadows hid the tunnel from view. Everything seemed to be under a dim light, though he didn’t know where it was coming from.
“That’s weeks away!” Jo said, gesturing sharply. “What the hell will we be doing with him until then?”
“Dean. What do you want?” Castiel sounded grumpier than usual, slower. Might’ve just woken him up from a nap, actually. Alphas got pretty tired at the end of their ruts from all the – from
Charlie stayed silent for a minute. “One last question,” she finally said. “What do you think is on this flash drive? Why do you need to know so badly?”
Sam comes out from behind him to stand next to Dean, though still safely out of arm’s reach, facing Castiel. He’s smiling. “Glad you could make it! I’m excited to run with you guys tonight. It’s been a while since I’ve seen vampires in action.”
Dean stripped the covers off the bed and took the sheets as the other two watched in confusion. When he was ready, Dean turned back to them, twisting the sheet into rope form.
Dean couldn’t hear a response with her talking, so he answered, “He was drugged.” Dean knocked on the door, louder this time. “Castiel! If you’re in there answer me or I swear to god I’ll kick this door down!”
Bobby grabbed Dean’s arm before he could leave with Henrickson. “Call me tonight, boy.” He said, quietly, “I wanna know what’s goin’ on, alright?” Dean could tell Bobby was concerned at this new development, and how Dean had somehow found his way to the middle of it. He was too.
Dean paused. Why hadn’t he thought of that? “Castiel had a lot more. You call and have them meet us at the Allen house – we’ll probably get there before they do. I need to call Sam, now.”
This time, Dean was alone with Castiel, waiting for Sam to come back and save him. He’d been pacing the room, trying very hard not to let his temper get the best of him.
“Yes he can, Dean. I think we should talk downstairs and call Jess, get this sorted out, okay? You should sit down, you don’t look so-“
They both stood still for a moment before scrambling out of Dean’s apartment and into the hallway. Quick as a shot, they made their way to her apartment door, but Dean pulled Castiel back when he raised a hand to knock on the door. He shook his head when Castiel cocked his head in question, then silently tried the door handle. It was unlocked.
“Oh, yes. Four years ago, in fact. When you dropped off the face of the earth for a few months, and your brother became so worried that he flew to your house and filed a missing persons report. Sound familiar?”
“Oh, I just came out to grab something from the car.” Dean said. “But to hell with it.” He made his way over to the front of the car and sat down on the end of the bumper, leaving an obvious space for Castiel. “I haven’t done this in ages. Me ‘n Sammy used to do this all the time as kids.”
The blackout curtains on the window of his office edge gold – the sun is coming up in a cloudless sky today. It’s a Saturday, and everyone should be settling down for a day to sleep and rest in the dark, which makes the commotion downstairs all the more jarring.
For a second, Dean idly wondered if Cas would shift into a wolf so he could watch if he asked nice enough, and then felt his face redden at the resulting image. More specifically, Cas getting butt-naked in order to do so. Dean furiously turned his attention back to the computer.
The Impala had passed hands to Ellen, a dear friend of his mom. She’d had no patience for John. They’d lost touch a long time ago, but as far as he knew, the Impala had never been renamed.
Once Dean had (again) recounted the events of the last few days, to Henrickson this time, they were almost back in Lawrence. Not that Dean told him everything, of course. He’d given Henrickson a much edited version of what he had told Bobby. Henrickson had started writing something down in a little notepad he’d gotten out from an inside pocket of his suit minutes into Dean’s halting explanation, and now he tucked it back into that same pocket.
Dean looked up to see the almost empty wine bottle still sitting on the counter. He managed to grab it between bouts of nausea and really inspected the bottle. It looked and smelled fine – and nothing had looked off about the cork or anything when he had opened it. Turning it over in his hands, Dean felt something weird on the underside of the bottle, in the concave center. What the-?
After going back to classes and recovering his phone yesterday, he’d come home to sleep through almost the entire evening, though Dean had woken him up for a brief moment to ask him to meet later today. He'd agreed to it. Even after his blunder with the movie, Castiel couldn’t bring himself to think that anything Dean had done had been with truly malicious intent.
He took a minute to catch his breath before attempting to push Uriel off him, an almost impossible task with his flayed arms. The only sounds in the clearing was the crackle of a fire still growing in his house, and the heavy panting of Ephraim, still on the ground and clutching at his side.
“Sure thing.” Dean made his way to the end of the hallway, the sound of two voices coming from her office. The door was open just a sliver, allowing him to hear the conversation from outside the room.
“Fair enough.” He turned to face Krissy but didn’t move from his place by the sink. “You don’t owe me anything, but I would appreciate it if you didn’t tell anyone else about my – my status.”
“You are a hard man to talk to, Jimmy. Almost thought I’d have to go Private Eye on you and stalk you on campus wearing a fake mustache.”
There weren’t any windows in the basement, so Dean woke up almost eight hours after they’d fallen asleep, based on the time on his watch. Quiet blanketed the dark room, and the events from last night now lacked immediacy, though his head still ached with the reminder.
It had gotten to the point were Dean had given in and started taking trips to the green room, despite the chance he might run into the stranger – Castiel. Ellen had said he’d refused to answer all but a handful of questions, like what his name was, and if he really was the one that had saved Sam, and that he had been injured in the takeoff. Apparently he'd been very direct about his refusal. Ash had done his workup and only shook his head when Dean had pumped him for info.
The door to his hideout was literally just around the corner – hidden really well, but still. Not the best place to be if Gordon decided to share their last location with the class. There’d been some leftover construction material left back here, and the backdoor to the basement had been covered with a large piece of tin roofing, propped haphazardly against the wall.
“Oh. Apologies.” Castiel turned forward to look out the windshield. “I was just wondering – do you have other younger siblings besides Sam? Or kids of your own? You are very good with children.”
Dean let out a shaky breath. Suddenly he needed a wall to lean against. “Then that’s all that matters right now. We just have to survive this and find him.”
Castiel felt his vision narrowing and abruptly stood up, staggering against the couch. He could see Dean saying something, but the blood thrumming through Castiel's ears drowned out any other sound. Somehow, Castiel made it to the sink in the kitchen, gripping the edges for support as his heart pounded against his ribcage. He fumbled the faucet on with shaking hands and put them under the cold water, half imagining blood sluicing down off his hands before the shock of cold water brought him back a little more from the edge.
Did Ruby know about this? Sam thought hysterically, then had to conclude that yes, she did. There was no way she couldn’t know what was happening. And she still expected Sam to just go along with it?
“Likewise,” Sam tells him, and after eyeing Dean suspiciously, he does a double-take. “Wait, you – you’re Castiel?”
Jess leaned in closer to Krissy and Shawn, “Don’t be fooled by his looks. He's a genius. Although, he's not breaking the stereotype by much. He has eight younger siblings back home,” she told them conspiratorially.
the one the sniper had been after, or had it been Henrickson? From the car turning in the same direction the drops of blood had been going, he was guessing Castiel.
Sam closed the door and felt the corner of his mouth twitch up in relief. What had he been expecting?
“My bad-“ Dean starts, “totally didn’t see you there.” His eyes flick over Castiel’s shoulder. There’s a guarded expression on Dean’s face now, one that wasn’t there before he’d realized Castiel was here. With a sinking feeling growing in his chest, Castiel nods a greeting. “Hello, Dean. Sam.”
The grin that grows on Sam’s face can only be described as shit-eating. The handshake gets more enthusiastic before Sam steps back. “So
Dean got to the AGF room before Castiel caught up, surveying the destruction. Shards of the transparent protective radiation shielding glittered in the air, and beneath the broken panel the blackened AGF metal had been cleaved in two. “Oh,
In a flash, a pair of legs wrapped around Alistair’s arm, pinning the knife-wielding hand above them.
not going to be possible here, but there are some great alternatives.” Dean told him, waggling his eyebrows.
“That…is an awesome idea. I’ll have Sam give me his number later, but I digress. We were working on the Ruby thing.” Charlie rolled her shoulders. “Okay, let’s find this motherhugger.”
“Thank you, Pam.” Ellen said. Jo was on main, so Ellen turned away from the window and looked back at them. She raised an eyebrow when she saw Sam, and turned to Dean.
“I’ll do these dishes, since you were so kind as to make dinner for us.” Castiel offered, like everything was still normal. When neither of them responded, he glanced up, finally catching on. "Is something wrong?"
That wasn't an explicit invitation to enter, but after a moment's hesitation, Castiel opened the door and stepped inside. When he didn’t see Dean anywhere in the apartment, Castiel called out, “Dean?”
“Yeah, kinda my job,” Charlie said, still eyeing him warily. Why he was having a cow over a flash drive was beyond her.
Alfie threw up for real when the paramedics declared it, shaking. Afterwards, they looked at the deep scratch the bullet had made in the flesh of his arm, but he didn't even needed stitches. Dean waved them off when they turned to him.
Castiel gave the story that Dean expected, since alpha-omega violence never strayed too far from the same basic narrative. He raised an eyebrow when Castiel recounted his self-defense, but otherwise stayed professional, nodding reflexively and asking further questions.
“Stop calling me Jimmy.” Castiel snapped. There was more emotion behind that one response than the whole of the recent discussion. “My name is Castiel.”
By the time backup got there, wheels screeching across the road as they turned onto the street, Agent Victor Henrickson was already dead.
After Castiel’s last class, they went directly to Daphne’s house, since Castiel had promised Shawn he’d come visit as soon as possible – which happened to be just after Shawn got home from school. His face lit up like a Christmas tree when he caught sight of the trench-coated figure, and he talked excitedly about some games he’d found in the attic when he had been exploring the house. Krissy was still at work, but Daphne had been standing in the doorway since Shawn had come running out.
“No.” Dean replied curtly. “Alistair, he only-“ His jaw worked for another second, but Dean turned to get in the car instead of saying more.
Dean shook his head and felt the corners of his mouth turn up. That sounded just like her, from the few times they had talked. “The situation with Shawn turning out okay?”
Was this a test, to see if Castiel would trust him? Or would Mortimer take it as his own as soon as he had it? Castiel listened for the guards, but no one had approached them since AJ had left them.
The nurse had called him as next of kin after Dean, since he was currently unavailable, and after Sam had finished his talk to square everything away, a pit of worry started to form in his gut. That wasn’t like Dean at all. He couldn’t be anything other than unswervingly loyal to their father. Sam stared at his phone. Should he call Dean?
Castiel slumped against the back of his chair. “The virus changed me,” he murmured, the cloud of anxiousness in his chest suddenly limned with relief. He wasn’t crazy.
“Amelia and Claire Novak. Both disappeared when the Underground collapsed. We don’t know if they were kidnapped or killed outright.”
Dean left the Allen’s house in the passenger side of Benny’s truck, heading straight for Sammy’s house. Nothing to do but to make sure Dean had enough fluids to ride the rest of the drug out, and he’d seen the ambulance off, empty-handed, after the paramedic had declared Castiel stable enough to leave to his own devices. Disturbing an alpha in a rut was not the safest course of action ever, and with Red it was doubly less so.
In fact, this was the last freaking straw. Dean slammed the medical bills down on the table and stood up, the chair wobbling crazily as it was pushed back. Paying Dad’s medical bills? Hell. No. No way were they allowed to meddle in his life like this. He needed to nip this thing in the ass before it got worse.
She noticed him immediately, ignoring the nurses that had appeared behind Sam. “So, handsome, who do I have to kill to get some french fries around here?”
“I would hope so.” Marjorie replied. “Follow me.” She turned and walked in the opposite direction, and Sam obediently trailed behind her. They passed another room and Sam suddenly found himself slowing, and he glanced in, his eyes landing on another still form, dark hair laying across white pillows.
The back of the door looked just as normal as the front, despite its placement. He walked back to face the front of the door, eyeing the faint light seeping out from the space between the bottom of the door and the ground, coming from nowhere.
There was another, smaller storage room than the one up above, filled with small packages that he didn’t recognize, and Dean hesitantly made his way through it to the other side, and he heard another whimper. The sound drew his eye to the door to his right, and he soundlessly pushed it open a bit to slip through.
“You better have a good reason to say that to me,” Sam growled, making an elderly lady walking by put a little more space between them.
The crew was all sitting at the long metal table bolted to the floor in the middle of the room, but Dean passed it by for the more important side counters where the coffee was located. The dispensers here were discolored from age and use, but they still worked well. A handmade sign had been tacked onto the wall behind the counter.
White hot pain radiated into his skull, down his spine. Dean could practically feel brain cells winking out of existence as his head snapped to the side with the blow. The loose tooth didn’t fall out, but he bit the same place where his teeth had gone straight through the side of his tongue from the first hit, prompting a new welling of blood, and he could feel more of it tracking down the side of his cheek. The pointy edges of guns were terrible for the face.
“-What happened?” Dean looks down and shrugs one shoulder. “Just something that I brought with me from Kansas. Don’t really wanna get into it.”
When Dean started putting on his shoes, he finally answered. “It’s from an unknown number. Got another text just a little bit ago telling me to call, but I ignored it. This new one has that picture and a message to get Henrickson’s laptop. I’m going to take a shot in the dark about who signed up to go through his hotel room after the shooting.”
Castiel had found his trenchcoat and nodded as he finished putting it on. “Yes.” He turned to the both of them. “Thank you for last night. It was very…" he paused, searching for the right word, "enlightening." He took another second before he looked at Dean. "Dean, I apologize if the sleeping situation made you uncomfortable.”
Another glass in and Castiel felt a little better. Not as likely to shiver apart, though a strange feeling under his skin had replaced it. It hadn’t taken nearly as much alcohol for him to feel as affected. As the leftover adrenaline left his system, he found himself yawning, fatigued. It was late; the sun had gone down long ago, and he still needed to get back home. “I should probably go home,” Castiel finally said, and Dean looked at him.
Charlie had already pulled out the good whiskey when Dean walked back into the kitchen, holding it up in front of her as a peace offering.
“No. Been looking for a while. We think she’s the new supplier for the Red that’s been causing problems lately.”
“Who’re you textin’?” Dean asked, forgetting the topic altogether as he leaned over into Charlie and poked her shoulder.
“No. You look like you’re doing well. As long as you’re polite in public spaces, you won't have a problem with the fae or other creatures.”
“Oh, c’mon,” Charlie said, “the whole time you guys’ve been here, you’ve been doing this whole,” she waved a hand vaguely, “staring at one another when they’re not looking thing. Plus, Dean’s been giving out his classic mixed signal vibe around you. You guys are not being subtle about it. So?” She raised an eyebrow.
Will wonders never cease? Castiel had thought he’d met all the born werewolves in the Northwest, considering how rare and valued they were, but he hadn’t met this one.
They ended up at the same diner where Castiel had dropped the ball on Jess’ pregnancy. Again, it was busy and packed with the college student lunch run, but Dean managed to stare down some kids to get one of the last tables available. They just kinda veered off when they saw him going for the same spot, nervously eying him as they did. Dean felt a bit out of place here- too old (Jesus,
Castiel went worryingly still, muscles coiled and tense, ready to explode into action at any moment. Henrickson raised his hands, palms facing outward in a peaceable gesture as soon as he saw the change, but Castiel ignored it as his eyes scanned the rest of the apartment, obviously planning escape and looking for more enemies. Dean became very aware of his placement between Castiel and the door when Castiel looked behind him, and their eyes met. Castiel’s accusatory stare cut right through him, and when Castiel turned his back on Dean once again to face Henrickson, so did the purposeful dismissal.
“Control, this is the Impala,” Ellen said, pulling up complicated data onto her side screen, “requesting AGF synchronization access.”
“I’m fine!” Dean bit out, but Castiel’s attention had turned to another sound, one outside the house and getting closer.
On his way from hangar to hangar, a large crowd in a smaller hallway had him slowing and looking up to follow their gaze. A large screen dominated the wall, and the sight left him cold.
“Why’s he always gotta say it like that?” someone mumbles despairingly from across the bonfire, and the attention falls off of them as several people laugh. Conversations restart, and Bess pulls Hannah to the side.
Dammit. “Cas, just- just drop it, okay?” He’d be completely fine with never bringing this topic up ever again, but Castiel was looking at him like this wasn’t the last time he’d try to bring up this true mates crap. But he wasn’t going to do it now, and that was good enough for the moment. Dean cut his eyes away. “C’mon, get ready. We need to go.”
He climbed the fence as fast as he could, and they ran across the empty lanes of road and into the woods on the other side. Dean couldn't see anything in such a full dark, so he stayed close behind Castiel as he tracked through the vegetation. Even so, Dean tripped over indistinct shapes and slick surfaces that Castiel avoided, scraping his hands and knees.
Sam still had the map of Charis station on his comm, and they made their way to the med bay with no problems. Dean had stopped them once to watch the same repeating news segment Sam had seen, and after that they walked in silence until they arrived at their destination.
texts than he’d had last night. Jesus. Benny had sent him multiple texts – updates on Krissy (stable and already back home) and Victor (back at the station). Benny would’ve told Bobby everything, so his curt text to call came as no surprise, but his next one was.
“My boss is not going to accept that answer.” Henrickson’s voice hardened, and Castiel bristled at that.
If no one gets the movie reference: Cato was the butler from the Pink Panther movies that snuck up on and attacked Inspector Clouseau when he was least inspecting it at home to hone his instincts. He once popped out of the fridge to attack when the Inspector opened it to get food. It was great.
He needed fresh air, and solid ground under his feet. Most importantly, he needed to not feel like he was one hull breach from the worst kind of death he could imagine.
“Lemme guess - intrude on a family thing,” Dean finished for him, still chuckling. “You're getting predictable, Cas. C’mon, pack up your stuff, we’re buying you lunch.” Dean saw Sam look at Jess and raise an eyebrow, and she gave him a one armed shrug in response. He chose to ignore the exchange.
“Yeah, I flew out to find Dean. I’m going to the police station to file a missing person’s report this afternoon.”
Castiel glanced at the clock on the wall. Since it took a little bit to bike to Dean's apartment, he'd need to leave in a couple minutes. He'd spent his hour at home after getting back from classes helping Shawn with his homework at the kitchen counter, and Shawn was still studying at his side, bent over and concentrating on the words in front of him, pencil clutched in one hand. Krissy hadn’t wanted to be near him in a rut, but Shawn didn’t seem to care at all.
Gordon shook his head. “I didn’t miss. I needed to bring Castiel in alive. I just had to get rid of Henrickson, first. Two birds with one stone, really – well, one shot. It gave his boss a message
Charlie chewed on her lip. “Uhhh, about that. It’s proving to be a lot harder than I thought it would be. Decoding the encryption, that is.”
“They’re not actually brother and sister. Once she was on her own, she dropped off the grid and just picked up another off the streets. But they’re brother and sister in all but blood in my book. I just don’t know what CPS will think about this.” He glanced at Castiel for a second. “If I tell them.”
“Bastard sampled too much of the goods and went off the rails. What did you think happened? He was only supposed to find a way to take Castiel without getting Henrickson on our asses.”
“Great. That’s cool,” Dean turned to Charlie, “he says he won’t tell anyone. Perfect! My secret is safe.”
The leather pouch around Castiel’s neck weighed heavily, but Jimmy stayed silent, still staring at Castiel, even though his face had gone white at the mention of Claire and Amelia. It was true, Castiel had talked Jimmy into joining. He’d resisted getting involved in the Underground for so long, fearing for his family’s safety, so why wasn’t he speaking up now? What information was more important than that? No, Castiel couldn’t let Jimmy die here, even if it meant throwing himself into harm’s way, so be it.
“Okay, yeah, forget I asked,” Dean interrupted, clearly uncomfortable. Castiel bit down a smile and considered his own inexperience.
After a curt nod, Castiel rolls his cart closer. The room is small enough that it only takes a few steps to bring it to the side of the bed. “Can I get your name and date of birth, please?”
He bit at Castiel’s lips and grabbed at his shirt, enough for Castiel to get the message. They both fumbled Castiel’s shirt off, and then the uncomfortably tight jeans and boxers.
Struck speechless for a moment, Castiel could only stare at her. “…That would mean the world to me, Charlie.”
When they got the navigation sensors back up, Ellen sucked a breath through her teeth. Jo and Dean had all gathered in the cockpit to help bring it back online, with Benny outside the hull doing the bulk of the repairs.
Charlie nodded, still looking conflicted. “I feel really bad that you came all the way over here, though.” She paused and thought for a moment. “And Dean was surprisingly set on coming to this shindig as well after I told him that he got to pick the movie. Actually, he probably just got home from work, hold on.” Charlie left her doorway and came back with her phone to her ear.
The frission of pleased excitement that zings through him at seeing Dean again is shockingly strong. It’s been more than a week since Castiel had last seen Dean at the hospital, and this time he looks healthy and hale. He's not as dressed up as most of the creatures here, but the dark fitted jeans and sleek, rich brown leather jacket he wears are enough to catch several eyes, including his own.
“Thank you. Any other concerns?” Ellen looked around the room as everyone shook their heads, sinking into their seats. Her eyes finally settled on Sam and Dean. “What about you two? You’re the only ones that’ve seen this guy before. Thoughts?”
Amelia looked at him. “It’s the best way for the baby to come out healthy – that it can change when I do. I hadn’t been able to change in quite some time, but I wanted to make sure it wasn’t stunted. It gave me a scare, though. I thought it wasn’t going to-” she rubbed her hand over her stomach “-well, it’s fine now.”
Alfie nodded, face white as a sheet, and replaced Dean’s slick red hands with his own. At the feel of blood, Alfie’s pale color took on a tinge of green. “I, uh, I think I’m gonna be sick,” he said, faintly.
Raz lounged in a chair, eyes half-opened and blinking slowly at Castiel, who was kneeling in front of her and talking her ear off.
John set the body on fire when they had dragged it out far enough, and Dean watched the flames burn the corpse into something unrecognizable. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen a daemon die, eroding into gold dust, but now that John was getting his first look at what Raz had settled into, crouching in the shadow Dean cast, it had a new significance for him.
“Yeah, fine. Uh.” Dean cleared his throat. “Is your hearing always that good or is it like a transformation thing?” After his time in the shower this morning, oh god, actually most mornings, he mentally crossed his fingers for the second.
Dean winced at the reprimand. “Isn’t he still in his rut?” Today would only be the third day into a rut, and they normally knocked an alpha out for longer than that, unable to do anything that required strenuous coherent thought.
For a few seconds, Dean thought he’d gone blind, blinking in absolute darkness. He stumbled to the side, banging his hand on the wall just as the gravity began to go.
If Dean had been just a hair drunker than he currently was, he would’ve been that person and asked what Castiel was, exactly. Was he really a beta? An omega even, with that scent-blocker? But that was the equivalent of someone whipping out their dick in public.
whelp, these two chapters could have been just one since they're so short. damn you, hindsight! (guess I'm making it up for you guys in the next chapter)
That settled it. They stowed their meager things in one of the lockers in the entryway and went back to the cockpit.
“Yeah, just, uh, gimme a minute here,” Dean yelled back. They didn’t have much time before the new agent would catch on, and every minute he stood here was another minute wasted.
“Cargo is nice and secure,” Rufus called in. “Resupplying was a bitch and a half with the refugee crisis, so we probably don’t have enough food supplies for all the new people on board. Joshua, what do you think?”
“Who’s the one that popped his shoulder? Did a mighty fine job of it from what I saw. Shoulda been there when they popped that sucker back into place.”
our questions. You should’ve seen him, he was waxing poetic about bl-“ Dean elbows him hard in the stomach.
All reason left him as Dean’s hands came up to rest right under his ears, fingers curling around the sides of his neck into his hair. Castiel leaned into it, hands coming up to grip at Dean’s arms. After a moment, Dean leaned his head to the side, panting against the side of Castiel’s neck, straddling his hips. Castiel’s mouth tasted of whiskey.
Her narrowed eyes told him she didn’t believe that, but when he sat down on the ground, cross-legged and facing her, expectant on some sort of response, she blinked, seeming to reconsider.
Back at the station, Dean dredged through the ungodly amount of paperwork he still had to go through until Benny arrived, back from the hospital. Well, most of their paperwork had been computerized at this point, so Dean squinted up from his computer screen when Benny leaned onto the edge of his desk.
“This and twenty dollars for some gas at pump two, please.” Dean said, and after a beat she inhaled and frowned at him. He flushed at the judgmental look. “It’s been a long drive,” he muttered, and the cashier only hummed noncommittally and rang him up.
Another voice behind him made him turn around, already dreading the next scene. Castiel came face to face with himself when he turned. His mirror had his hands tied behind his back, and Uriel had a hand next to his throat. The air reeked of fear. “Please,” he begged, “don’t. Don’t do this.”
Hands in his pockets, Dean turned to watch Castiel lift his duffel bag out of the backseat, hefting the strap over one shoulder. Once he’d closed the car door, Dean locked Baby and headed in to the lighted building, Castiel trailing behind him. They remained silent all the way to the apartment.
He balls the clothes up, rushing back to unlock and throw open his door before he has second thoughts.
“What?!?” Charlie squeaked. “I am missing out on everything. Jesus.” She waved her hands at Castiel. “Okay, out. I need pants for this.”
After a minute or two, Castiel stopped. Dean and Henrickson waited for him to reply as he faced Henrickson fully again. “No.”
Sam turned his attention from the window to the stranger, only to find him passed out in his seat, held upright by his harnesses, blood dripping from his nose.
pointed him in the right direction when he asked, and he found Marjorie with no other problems, still in the coma ward.
Dean tapped his chin. “You know, it does. I went on a camping trip this one time for a few months, and my brother never got my text telling him that so he freaked out. He gets that way sometimes.”
Before Benny had finished his sentence, Castiel tried to walk past Dean and out of the alleyway. Dean put his hand out to stop him. “Whoa, whoa, whoa," he said, backing up a few steps to keep Castiel in front of him. "Where are you going? You need to stay so we can get a statement.”
of the lock sliding into place. “What the fuck.” Dean said, voice muffled through the door. Castiel groaned and lay back down on the bed, throwing an arm over his face. He dreaded this conversation already.
“That wasn’t very nice.” Gordon told him, ever so calm. He took a moment to wipe the spit off his face with his sleeve. “Honestly, I didn’t want it to come to this. I was just going to follow you two to where Castiel has been hiding, but I forgot how good T-2’s can hear, even omegas like you.” His grip tightened on Dean’s collar. “But we’re close, aren’t we? I knew you’d be the perfect weak link, running after your alpha so fast.”
“You want a reason?” the man asked, amused. “I can give you one.” He said something in a guttural language that Dean didn’t understand, but Castiel almost ripped Dean’s arm off getting to the phone in response.
When Dean made it to the cockpit, he made his way over to the group that had crowded around the analytics screen that covered one side of the far wall. Sam was there as well, next to Pam, so Dean stood next to him and ruffled his hair in greeting. Sam made a face at him.
Finishing his note, Dean shook his head. “Not in front of the real criminal, man. I’ll tell you later.” He moved on to Henrickson’s things, picking up the most important looking files and laptop off of the desk, wrapping the laptop charger up around it all and setting it to the side.
“Which is why I do it instead. C’mon, we both know you’re just worried about Dean finding out if we got caught.”
In the aftermath, the battlefield smoldered red, embers seething through blackened ash. Thick, choking smoke curled into the air, blanketing the ground, but the mangled corpses of his brethren could be seen rising out of the grey mist, towering hundreds of feet overhead. After a moment, Castiel stood up, letting the man he had killed slump back onto the ground, flecks of ash leaping into the air at the disturbance.
Trying not to overthink it, Sam reached out and twisted the handle. It went easily, and he only had to exert the slightest pull for the door to swing open.
“To meet the man who caught your eye! We know how you feel about forcing you to do anything against your will.” At Castiel’s raised eyebrow, Balthazar tacks on, “And of course the Elders back in Europe won’t even notice I was gone! You know those bastards take a week to blink.”
Officer Winchester colored in embarrassment. “Ah, yes. I’m fine.” Stepping back, Castiel let the policeman pass into the house and closed the door behind him.
He waves her off with a half-smile, listens to her sneakers squeak back down the hallway as he turns back to finish setting up the blood drive stations.
“Well, shit.” Henrickson tapped his fingers even more impatiently against the armrest. “Can you contact him? Set up a meeting somewhere?”
Dean still had him by the shoulders and shook him a little bit. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you! Weren’t you on the school evac flier?” Sam finally noticed that Dean looked just as haggard as he probably looked, dark smudges under his eyes and hair in disarray.
“You had pictures of Sam, saved him on Hephaestus, and you expect me to believe you didn’t know one of your
Castiel patted him on the back and got up, making his way to the garage where they kept his bike. Daphne had yet to get back from work, so the only car they had was absent from its place in the garage. Krissy would take care of Shawn while Castiel and Daphne were both away, since she’d been doing it just fine before them, and they both trusted Krissy with the house as well, which had never happened with the random omegas that had stayed with them before. They trusted that Krissy would continue to be responsible if she wanted to stay with Shawn. Krissy seemed to appreciate it. She liked it when she was treated like an adult.
Mind made up, Dean wiped his hands and grabbed his stuff, stowing it away in their secured locker before cautiously walking down the hallway, following the signs to hydroponics.
Dean’s comm blinked twice, and he glanced down to see Benny’s name flash on the small screen. He pressed the button on the side. “Yeah, Benny? What is it?”
Castiel shook his head slowly. “I’m not nervous. I will never be used to seeing-“ he gestured to the Gate, “this.”
It took Sam a few long moments to fully come out of his haze, panting from exertion. Alistair was staring up at him, unblinking, bursts of red in the whites of his eyes. Startled, Sam drew back, his hands unclenching with difficulty from around Alistair’s neck. He looked up.
Dean’s comm crackled to life again, scaring him into flinching. “Dean?” Ellen’s voice said, “are you in the AGF room? Pam’s not answering her comm. What’s happening back there?”
“You know,” Alistair mused, still leading him through the house, “never thought I’d see the day Ruby would settle down. I mean, you’ve met her father, haven’t you? And I mean that in the best way possible, since he’s my boss.” Alistair led him through another set of glass doors, finally stopping in what looked to be his office. A heavy looking wooden desk sat in the middle of the room, covered in electronic equipment and important looking papers, a shining silver knife acting as a paperweight.
“Retribution? What could we have done that was worth wiping out a defenseless colony?” Dean snapped, slowly getting over his caution.
Okay, I lied. There was more backstory. Anywho, we'll get back to the present in the next (really long) chapter.  Hope the flashback chapters weren't too bad!
Dean could only pace back and forth in impatience outside the medbay, waiting as Ash looked Sam over. Bobby waited with him, leaning against the wall with crossed arms.
Jess just shrugged. “Daphne told me he’s not in danger from an overdose, and he’s allowed to live in the safe-house, even in the middle of a rut. They have a special locked room that he has to stay in, but yeah.” Jess looked to Dean again. “I’m assuming you know about the Mischel test?”
Castiel startled at the voice, sliding off the bumper and turning around to face the approaching form. “Dean?”
Benny’s eyes flicked over to him before going back to the road. “I wasn’t gonna say anythin’,” he said, and that was that.
“That’s exactly what your brother asked too,” Samuel chuckled. “Besides me, you also have four cousins, well, second cousins since they’re all my two younger sibling’s kids. Three of those four are married, and two have kids as well.”
Castiel followed until he found Dean sitting on the hood of a rusted car, beer in hand. He raised it slightly in greeting when he saw Castiel. “Hey.”
Jimmy had one hand resting on the shoulder of his wife, wedding band obvious on his ring finger. His wife and daughter both had long fair hair, probably blonde, and Dean could only imagine that all three of them had blue eyes.
“Mmm… I mean, I can, but you can’t go inside the safe-house unless you’ve passed the Mischel test, so...” Dean shrugged.
“-You two are getting two of the smallest rooms.” Jo was saying, opening up one of the doors to reveal what could only be described as the smallest dorm room he’d ever seen in his life. Dean definitely remembered these being bigger as a kid. “There are two shared bathrooms down there-“ she pointed down the hall, “with toilets and showers. You two are the lowest on the totem pole so you’re probably gonna be cleaning them. Just keep that in mind.”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice sounded a little more strained, and Dean realized he’d been bouncing his leg into the underside of the table. He put his feet flat on the floor and crossed his arms in front of him, slouched down so much in the chair he could rest his head on the top of the chair’s backrest. The ceiling remained just as lifeless as the rest of the room, though there was a stain in the shape of… a blob. Fascinating.
The fabric of Dean’s jacket moved in a shrug. “I don’t know. Always thought he was cool, being the Alpha Warrior and fighting animals and shit, but that’s a pretty lame reason.”
(i recently moved to a new state and am struggling in applying and getting a new job so i havent felt like writing for a while, but y'know, memorial day weekend was a break for everyone)
It hadn’t been that long ago that Sam had been part of that same supply system, and enjoying every second he spent high on Red and with Ruby. It was only after he’d discovered the human trafficking that he’d started to regret it all.
From this angle, Dean could only see Castiel’s backside, not covered by the trenchcoat anymore. Instead of the trenchcoat and suit, Castiel had found a soft looking flannel shirt and a worn pair of jeans, and Dena had a really great view of the back, with Castiel bent over like that.
Castiel shakes his head but leaves it. This is a familiar dance – one that they all know their parts to. It is both the blessing and the curse of relationships that have lasted longer than a lifetime.
“So,” Jess started as she sat down, “you probably want to know why an alpha like Castiel can legally work in an omega safe-house.”
“Dean?” Charlie looked relieved for a second until she realized what she was holding. “What the hell! You made me break another prop sword!”
As soon as Gordon’s hold on him was broken, Dean turned to Krissy, and saw the dark stain on the jeans over the outer part of her thigh. Eyes tight with pain, Krissy didn’t look up when Dean crawled the short few feet over to her. “Krissy, how you doing?”
When he finished, Dean gave the glass back and slumped back, suddenly grinning up at Castiel as he put the empty glass on the end table. “Would’ja help me take my pants off?” he asked, grin spreading wider.
“You’ve always had an unnatural sympathy to the stunted ones,” Hael spoke up behind him, “but we’ve always turned a blind eye to it, but becoming a spy for the outside? Giving them information on our Hierarchy? You’re a
From where Dean was crouched in front of an opened maintenance panel, movement out of the corner of his eye made him glance over, only to do a double-take.
Sam’s eyebrows shot up. That was a lot of family for a person who’d had almost none before. But he’d still had family, albeit small. “Have you seen or talked to Dean in the past few days?”
!” Dean managed to say, unbelieving. He stepped into his apartment, horrified eyes skipping over the torn upholstery and the mangled posters to his vinyl collection, which someone had meticulously gone through to break each record in half. “No no no not the
“What are you talking about? Who knew?” Charlie watched him as he looked away from her, jaw clenched. A strange suspicion began to form. “Castiel, where did you get that? And why don’t you know what’s on it?”
“If by ‘us’ you mean Castiel and yourself, I have an address I would like you to go to. To meet me in person.”
Two days later, Sam realized he didn’t have a damned key. He checked the top of the door frame, under the mat, in the porch light cover, every rock in the front yard, and just gave up on finding a spare and lock-picked the front door open. His childhood had been good for some things at least.
Castiel looked down at the flash drive, tilting it between his fingers, before he turned his eyes back to hers. “Dean told me that you know where I’m from.” He held the black, almost inconspicuous flash drive up a little more, drawing her attention to it again. “I brought this out with me.”
After he got comfortable, Castiel pulled out the old book Daphne had given him, taking a few futile seconds to try to smooth out old creases before opening it and finding his place. She'd made a list of books, back when Castiel had just moved in with her, so that he could get better at reading English. He would need the practice in the upcoming months, so he hunkered in and started reading.
“No I’m not,” Dean chuckled, scrambling for any other excuse, “that scent's from Sarah. Did you think you were the only girl I get in here?” It was a flimsy attempt, and they both knew it.
Castiel looked down at himself. “Yes, this body is human. I am occupying it to interact with all of you.”
“Jess!” Sam shouted, trying to push through. He saw her face and then she was gone, lost in the sea of people. “Jess!”
“Yes, yes. Best not to arouse suspicion.” Balthazar told her. “We’ve got this handled. Go pull rank in front of all the green-paws, will you? I want some entertaining stories to hear tomorrow.”
“Yeah, well, too bad we got roped into this shit anyways, then.” Castiel gave him a wounded look at that.
Dean grabbed a beer with the hand not currently holding the fridge open, turning around. “Hey, you want a-“ Castiel was
He did as he was told, sitting down and extracting his laptop. “I apologize if this is a very stupid request. I only got a laptop a few months ago. I’m still getting used to it.”
Blinding light woke him up, and Sam almost passed out again when he tried moving his arm to cover his face.
Stepping in front of Krissy, Dean made an abortive movement for his gun, but Gordon interrupted with “-
They shook hands, Castiel's grip firm and decisive. “Castiel Allen.” If Dean hadn’t been paying attention, he would have missed the split second pause Castiel took before the surname.
They all turned to look at the monitor, but then the stranger gasped for breath and writhed in the bed.
“-I mean,” she continued. “Of course she knew we were squatting down there, but it wasn’t like she was using the space anyways.” The building she had taken him to was a college building of some kind he thought, but she ignored the real entrance to slip into the alley to the side, looking back to see if Dean was still following. “This way.” Their footsteps echoed strangely in the dark alleyway.
After peeing like a racehorse and brushing the taste of eau dead animal out of his mouth, Dean felt marginally better, though the pills Charlie had given him had yet to kick in. As Charlie moved around the kitchen, Dean slumped in one of the highchairs at the kitchen island, regretting his life choices. His phone lit up like a Christmas tree as friends and family had a field day with the picture. It had even reached
Castiel did not answer immediately. After a long moment, a quiet voice crackled from the intercom above him. “It’s easier for me to talk to you like-“
Quick as he could, Dean pushed open the door and ran to Henrickson, immediately feeling his exposure as a red target painted on his forehead. No one shot him. He grabbed under Henrickson’s shoulders and dragged him back into the diner, grunting with effort, and lines of blood trailed after them.
After another tense second, Dean pulled out his keys from a pocket and handed them over to AJ. “I swear, if you wreck her-“
“Not even close.” Dean said, and finished typing the rest of a sentence before he leaned over the back of his chair and stretched, groaning when his spine cracked audibly. Benny made a face at the sound. “So how’s the perp?” Dean asked, and Benny shrugged.
She ended the call and cleared her throat. Castiel and Dean could only stare at her. “How was that? Good?” she asked.
After a bit, Dean gave up and leaned back in his chair. He could hear Castiel rummaging around in the next room, probably going through the stacks of books and files that still covered every square inch of the living room-turned-library.
Once or twice, the small snap of a twig caught his attention, but nothing but a squirrel came of it. The faint boom of fireworks petered out as it got later, the revelry fading into the night.
“You can move your arm slowly now – put pressure on this.” While Dean replaces Castiel’s hand with his own over the bandage, Castiel turns back to his cart and labels the tubes and puts them in a biohazard bag to be delivered to the lab. He takes off his gloves. “Keep pressure on that for a few minutes, and don’t take that bandage off for an hour or two.”
When trouble did come, Castiel had been back at his usual table in the diner, watching the other alpha, as he waited for Daphne to end her shift and let their new college employee close up by himself. Besides the alpha, there were only two young college students bent over their coffee mugs, who both straightened when the door swept open, blinds clattering at the abrupt force.
Once they'd dropped off the evidence bags, they moved to Bobby’s office, and Dean told him everything. Bobby looked damned surprised when Dean got to the part about Castiel, but otherwise stayed impassive, putting his feet up on the edge of his desk and leaning back in his chair, fingers laced over his stomach.
“Then plug it into your laptop. Not difficult, even for you. And wipe your nose again. Don’t get blood on the carpet.”
“We do have a rec room, you know.” After a moment, Joshua added, “If you want to relax with no one around, go to the AGF room. Nothing prettier than active AGF metal.”
“I’m not pickin’ a fight, Dean. I know what you’re asking.” Benny said, humor coloring his tone. Dean heard him shift some more, probably getting comfortable again. “I hear tell that a lot of hunters have dogs or other big-ass predators as daemons, but for me,” Benny made a disapproving sound, “they’d be the first to go. Once they have an animal like that, they don’t think they have a reason to get smart about it, y’know? It’s the people with the rats and the delicate creatures that are the best at surviving. They always know how to use what they’re given to the fullest.”
“Yeah, we get around,” Sam said, a slight smirk on his face. He didn't even glance in Dean’s direction, but he still got an elbow in the stomach.
“Ruby didn’t seem to be aware of it if it is.” Dean said, shrugging on his jacket over the holster. Castiel waited just to the side, ready. “Charlie, you stay here and call Sam. Get the ball rolling on the encryption. Just, don’t tell him about Ruby yet.”
Dean brought his comm up to his face, broadcasting to the public channel. “Hey guys, airlocks been dealt with, can I get some privacy here for the next few minutes?”
“There’s no need to be afraid here, Dean. Calm down.” Castiel hooks a foot around his cart and rolls it over easily, positions it just so. Already, he can hear Dean’s heart rate slowing down. “Hold out your arm.” As he puts on gloves, Castiel eyes the inner part of Dean’s arm when it’s held out, already seeing a good vein to draw from.
Raz didn’t say anything else, just pressed her body closer. When she didn’t start purring, Dean knew she didn’t believe him. That hurt more than John’s silence.
Surreptitiously, Dean watched Castiel as he turned and left the room, then turned back to finish his email. In all fairness, he didn’t actually know what was going down back home, or who was being watched, so he was going to be extra careful.
“Thank you, Captain Obvious.” Dean grunted, but his gaze was already on Jess. “Seems like we need to have a talk.”
Alistair tsked and shook his head. “Ah, Sam, Sam, Sam. Whatever shall we do with you?” Sam flushed at the tone. There was no doubt Alistair knew he was hopped up on Red at this very moment. “Dabble in Red all your little heart desires. That’s not the real money-maker around here.”
He drained the rest of the glass of water that had been placed on the table just to the side of the couch and winced as he finally stood up. He was too tall to be sleeping on anyone’s couch, but he hadn’t wanted to sleep in the guest bedroom so far away from the front door. Just in case. Dean made his way to the kitchen and saw Jess getting out a carton of eggs from the fridge, still unaware of his presence. She was humming to herself, and he couldn’t help but smile and pass the kitchen by on his way to the bathroom at the end of the hall. She’d stop if she knew he was there and conscious, so Dean made sure he made as little noise as possible. Once he finished and walked back into the kitchen, sure enough, Jess had stopped humming.
With a gesture to follow, Alistair left the study through a side door. For a moment, Sam stood frozen in place, reeling, before he could move.
She shoved him away, hard, and he went, withdrawing his hand. Still cautious and watching her. “What the hell, Castiel?! Not okay! Not okay at all!”
Sam made himself look out the window again, made himself watch as the other shuttles were engulfed in the dark wall of the approaching maelstorm, blocking out the light until it filled the small window.
That answer came slower. “Yes. My kind. Hephaestus was one of our planets, long ago. It has a very personal significance for our race. The destruction of your colony was a – retribution for the crimes we saw there.”
Dean crooked a tiny smile. “Not normally, but you’re in luck. Sit down.” Too weary to do anything but obey, Castiel sat down in one of the kitchen chairs as Dean finally turned around with a wine bottle in hand. “This is actually a gift Sammy got last week. I don’t really drink wine, but I’m getting their alcohol ‘cause Sammy can’t drink until Jess can.” Dean shook his head as he popped the cork. “He’s so whipped.”
“I know what you’re thinking,” Jess said. “I’m not going to tell you that you should like him or anything. Just try to not tell anyone else about Castiel. I can’t pick sides because he
Castiel listened to Dean’s conversation with interest, finishing the food Dean had made for him and making sure to step away from the door when he heard Dean utter a goodbye to Bobby. He vaguely remembered the name and face from the Roadhouse gathering for Jessica, though who Bobby was to Dean remained questionable. A superior, that much was sure. But Henrickson seemed to outrank both, very unwillingly on their parts, since Dean as so upset that he knew about someone named Alistair. Blackmail, perhaps? That didn’t give him much hope in thinking this Henrickson really was trying to help - didn’t give him much time to prepare. But it did give him hope that Dean might help him, like he helped others.
“Aw, cute, a lover’s spat.” Ruby drawled. Dean felt his hackles go up, but Castiel appeared unaffected.
It seemed as though Dean had known for a lot, lot longer than Castiel. Maybe even from when Dean had walked in on Castiel when he’d been under the effects of his induced rut.
Sam had been leery getting into all this, but Ruby was adamant. She loved her family, and wanted them to love Sam almost as much as she did. Ruby couldn’t change the family she was born into, and Sam had to accept that.
The stranger in the trenchcoat yanked him back and hit the door controls. The side doors closed with a squeal, fast enough that only a couple of the closest people squeezed in before it slid shut. Jess didn’t make it.
“Oh my god. How long were you living under that bridge?” She winced. “Don’t answer that. Tell you what. You need to be educated in the ways of the modern world, my friend, and I am up for the challenge. You can impart some of your awesome mythology knowledge on me and we’ll call it square. How ‘bout that?”
“Uriel won’t be pleased by such an arrogant display.” Anna remarked, her rust colored hair caught in a breeze.
“Take me to the police station.” Henrickson ordered absently, as Dean finally exited off the highway. “I need to talk to your boss before I tell you more,” Henrickson continued, “but while you’re waiting, contact Daphne to see if Castiel is still in his rut. I need to meet with him as soon as possible, and I don’t care what you have to say to set it up. Just don’t tip him off.” That- he still did not like the sound of that. Dean finally pulled up to the familiar front of the police station, and Victor paused to straighten his tie and grab his briefcase before he started to get out.
All four, Jess, Sam, Benny, and Dean, found themselves sitting around the kitchen table minutes later. Dean had been supplied with a soda, which he had almost complained about until Jess had hit him with a stare, and he had subsided.
Before too long, Dean started to unbutton his own shirt, and Castiel could only watch and keep his trembling hands to himself.
"If you are an avid stargazer, you might be interested to know that a comet has been spotted by the arrays on Charis Station. They calculate its trajectory will come close to Hephaestus next week before looping around the sun, giving us quite the light show when it-“
“Well, for one, she out-ranks me, so you better be real polite. I don’t want another Poughkeepsie incident on my hands, you hear?”
“I don’t care,” the man replied. After a beat, he went on, “I’ve gone by the name Mortimer for years. You may call me that if you wish. And I already know the both of you. Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak.” He leaned forward towards Castiel, as if imparting a secret. “If you’d been Jimmy, you would have known who I was. Tea?”
