Ana gaped at him, then narrowed her eyes, lips pursing. Her eyes darted between her husband and the envelopes in her hands. She looked like she was seriously considering slinging the letters at his head.
Tony smiled down at his feet. “Yes, well, she usually does.”
“I already don’t like where this is going,” Steve said, and when Tony flinched, hurt, he hurried to add, “For you. I don’t like how you were treated. I can surmise what that means. Unfortunately.”
Ana gave him a knowing smile and went back to her own supper, reaching out to give Tony a gentle pat on the back as he came back to his seat to eat.
showing off, Hank. Tony! Keep Hank company while I go get dressed! We’re going out!” she ordered and flounced out of the room.
“In the meantime,” he continued before either of them could cut in. “There’s a stop in Manchester long enough for me to send a telegram to your fiancé and for you to get onto a train going to Chicago. I’ve already made arrangements for you, and I’ll give you enough money to buy a train ticket wherever you need to go once you’ve gotten a response from your fiancé so that he knows to receive you.”
“Will you teach me how to cook beef?” Tony asked as Jarvis set a cup of warm milk on the table next to him, a silent but firm suggestion that he go to sleep.
Tony made a face at them behind their backs. “Gross.”
Tony squeaked and covered his mouth to hide his grin, embarrassed. He was going to marry Steve. Steve, who had only wanted companionship and someone to help out around his home. Steve, who had no problem with Tony having company over while he was gone, because he didn’t want
"Got it, see you in ten, Boss."
No sooner did the train start moving, was Tony lulled into a sense of dimmed consciousness. He wanted to sleep, but the adrenaline wasn't wearing off as quickly as he'd hoped it would. He was stuck in this confusing middle stage for now.
"Friday, you'll not betray me like this."
"Buddy, you deaf?"
"You too. Love you."
"Sure, sure." He went back to his cereal.
"Of course I do, Pep." Tony looked out at the night skyline, the lights blurring into incandescent circled in the field of his vision. "Rhodey's life has become shit because of me. Vision lost Wanda because of me. I couldn't even avenge my mother, because of me. Although I'm past that, but still, it hurts. It sucks that I keep messing things up." He took one gulp. Another- this time a big one.
Clint had the grace to blush a little, his eyes flicking down for a moment before looking back up at Phil. "I actually don't hear it as often as you'd think," he said, nudging a few more buttons open on Phil's shirt and letting his hand drift down over his abs, blunt nails raking lightly over skin. He leaned in, pressing his lips to Phil's jawline, kissing a slow trail down to his chin, his lips. "Haven't been in the habit of doing a lot of talking with... other people," he said quietly, the faintest quaver in his voice. He covered for it by pressing a few more soft kisses to Phil's lips as his hand slid down the man's side. It was actually hard for him to hold back, to just touch and explore, but it felt good. //Maybe there is something to this whole slowing down thing…//
"Aye, we should fortify ourselves before we travel," Sif agreed readily. "We shall await your arrival, Captain."
"Do... Tony... Tony's not- " He cut himself off, feeling his throat tighten.
His breakfast was cold on the roll around table by the time Tony woke, but he still forced it down. He was already feeling a good deal better. Sore, but better. Noting that his IV was empty and that the nurses were gone, Tony started working to pull the lines out of his arm. He'd had enough of sitting still. //Didn't even have any real internal injuries... this is ridiculous.//
Steve looked over at Tony and explained more gently, "I'm guessing you're gonna get a few of those questions too if you're up to it." His own personal desire to get Tony home, divest them both of their clothing and spend the next month reassuring himself that Tony wasn't dead weren’t a very practical or likely turn of events. Fury would want to know what had happened.
Clint looked at the lake one last time. The clouds seemed darker, the water less soothing, the whole scene less vibrant. The archer knew it was his imagination. He frowned faintly. They'd been enjoying themselves. //Reality rears its ugly head,// he thought, reminding himself that he'd chosen his life with SHIELD, and that he had friends and teammates that needed him as much as he needed them. //Guess it could be a way worse reality.// He glanced at Coulson as he stood effortlessly, holding a hand out. "C'mon. Let's go unfuck this mess," he said decisively, feeling more himself. "Then I'm coming back here and feeding some goddamn ducks."
Natasha approached the pair warily. She didn't want to interrupt, but they looked far too grim for her not to want more information. "Have you heard anything?" she finally asked as gently as possible.
"Right, yes, very badly without the proper testing, and earlier Director Fury did stop in to mention that if we were involved in decommissioning anymore of his team he would-"
"The good news is that I'm pretty terrible unless we're talking lame wedding dancing." Scott shrugged and stood. "Let's do this." He'd polished off his second beer, and the buzz had Scott feeling far better spirited.
"Well, I can't say I'd be great at writin' prose about deliverin' an ass-whippin', either, so I'll be sure to keep my thoughts to myself when he's around," Logan decided, sipping from his own bottle. He grinned at Scott and nodded about the 'equalizer' comment. "Yup, kinda levels the playin' field. Unless you're Stark. Then you just solve your equations in a much sloppier line than usual. Bein' dumb don't hurt sometimes. Like my case. I don't have the sense to not try and do stupidly heroic shit. So we win. So far." He sighed and frowned. "Well, mostly."
"Y'mean you don't just take dirt baths?" Tony said from behind his newspaper.
Bruce tilted his head thoughtfully. "Sounds magical. I could stand to get away for a minute," Bruce decided, trying to ignore the eyefucking going on a few feet away.
"So it's just weapons storage in here?" Bobby scanned the area around them and found nothing amiss. The only sounds were their footfalls.
"Well, I can't say one hundred percent for sure, but last I saw Rogers, he looked pretty damn terrible," Logan said. He shook his head. "And they were walkin' Barton around in handcuffs last I looked. Not sure what that's all about, but I heard 'em say somethin' about a hammer. Don't know much more than that. Considerin' what that gun did to me, though, I'd bet their worst worry is blondie right now."
"Yes, we should. We have water, but no food yet. The more energy we conserve, the better rested we are, the better chance we have of getting out of here." Coulson led the charge over to the mats. They looked filthy, and he doubted they were anymore comfortable than they looked. He dragged them together and carefully lay down. Only when Clint was settled in against him did he allow his body to relax at all. Coulson curled his arm up around Clint's form and molded himself against it. "Get some rest, Barton. The world will still suck in the morning, but at least we're together."
Loki considered that request and finally nodded. "To put it simply, I'll need an ally. You need my discretion. We both know it's not my usual policy to be the least bit discreet, but since it's a skill I should consider cultivating... well, this seems as good a time as any." He clasped his hands and leaned forward, gaze burning into Tony's. "I won't ask you to lie, but I would appreciate it if you mentioned that I haven't harmed you since you came here as a captive. I somehow doubt Barton will be willing to give quite so glowing a recommendation, so even the smallest vote of confidence is better than none."
"It's me." He could almost hear the wheels turning.
Steve looked a little goofy in the shirt, but it made Tony grin in an absurdly adoring fashion. "I like it," he said, nodding his approval. It had been a little jarring to see Steve shirtless, but reassuring as well. Tony had been worried that he'd freak out somehow, that he'd handle it all the wrong ways, but it was fine. He tugged Steve up into a slow kiss, trying to get used to having to lean down to capture the blonde's lips. It still felt good kissing him, though. No change in size could ever alter that. Tony smiled. "Love you."
Tony's brow furrowed earnestly. "Considering your history, I can see where looking at him would kind of make you a little angry, so I don't think anyone would blame you. Well, I wouldn't, since I'm the only one who knows. And I'm sure the rest of them can chalk it up to sibling rivalry." He was starting to feel sorry for Loki on a pretty deep level, and that worried Tony. //Seems a little early for Stockholm syndrome.//
"See, Cap, you're not the only one who's aged well," Tony said, reaching across and under the bar to grab whichever liquor bottle he could find and helping himself to its contents.
Scott let out a soft sigh. Logan sounded calmer, more centered. "Better knowing you're still talking to me, but... kind of worse knowing you're likely to threaten the lives of anyone else I talk to." He fixed Logan with a pointed stare. "Bringing back up wasn't p.c. but Agent Coulson is a superior officer, and you know I'm not the guy who's going to ignore all the rules. Besides, he seems nice. So maybe don't gut him?"
The only times when it hurt to be with Clint were the ones when she could feel how much he wanted something she couldn't give. Nat had given up any aspirations of love at a young age. They'd never come back. No matter what he said, Clint had never lost them. He carried his hope on his sleeve. She locked her gaze with his and reached up, her hand stroking over his cheek. Love was beyond her grasp, but affection wasn't. Nat wasn't in love with Clint, but she loved him more than any person on earth besides herself. "Perfect," she praised while Clint's hips moved at a languid pace.
"You know, I have a plane to catch. You enjoy your mass media oil spill," Clint growled, looking fit to kill as he stalked out. He paused next to Coulson, "Let Fury know I'll head out as soon as I read the new guy's file and get my gear," before he vanished.
"Fuck you, Mystique," Victor growled. The Hulk managed to catch him by the ankle and smack him against the pavement a few times before he clawed his way loose. He knew he'd survive all this and then some. That didn't mean he was enjoying it.
Loki smiled in return, though he knew Victor didn't see it. The man had some sense of discretion. He liked that, appreciated it. Loki rose languidly and took a long shower before he donned his clothing again and headed for the cells. He definitely needed to have a long discussion with Natasha Romanov.
Natasha cursed in Russian under her breath and moved to get closer, but Loki was a beat faster than her. His eyes blazed with naked fury as he reached out to grab Tony's limp hand. "He's mine." Honestly Loki looked little better than Tony, trembling and pale even by his standards. His cold blue eyes were bloodshot, but he grinned maniacally at Natasha before producing a golden orb from his pocket and pressing some odd sequence on the side. Both Loki and Tony disappeared in a heartbeat. The woman bared her teeth and came as close as humanly possible to actually hissing with fury. She unleashed it by grabbing the nearest mutant and slamming her first into Raven's nose as hard as possible.
Coming to in the infirmary was getting to be uncomfortably familiar. Logan's eyes fluttered open as he looked around the room. He'd woken with a headache, but it was already starting to disappear. His eyes caught sight of Scott first, then drifted to see Bruce's strained visage as well. "You people need to work on these fuckin' plans o' yours. How dead is Loki? Extremely dead, or just really dead?" he wanted to know.
Clint was immediately on his feet and swaying. "Where is he? Logan can lead us to him, right?" he wanted to know, dragging his folded-up bow off the bar where he'd left it. He was ready to fight, but his thoroughly sloshed brain hadn't really jumped to the realization that if there was something they could do, Fury would have already told them to do it.
Phil smiled at the idea and hummed his approval as he slid one omelette onto a plate and started the other, then shifted the bacon in the pan. It had, somewhere along the way, become habit to cook for both himself and Clint when time and missions allowed. He wasn't sure when it happened, but he was glad it had. It felt brilliantly, perfectly domestic. Their friendship was established, but it was too early to put pressure on the rest. Phil honestly hoped that however it came down he wouldn't have to get used to always cooking for one again. "I might just order a pair or two. The upside of me being me is that no one's going to have the guts to say anything while I'm changing at the gym."
Magneto looked surprised and not just a little irritated, but otherwise unimpressed. "Shame. Such an advanced race, and you're still wielding sharpened metal sticks," he intoned, standing and casually lifting the blade in Sif's hands, bringing her with it. "My dear, you clearly have no clue what you're dealing with."
Clint had almost immediately collapsed against Coulson, his face buried in the man's neck as he shook as he clung to his handler with what little strength he had. Having the hammer's influence ripped away from him had left him feeling vulnerable. The weapon had given him a sort of drive, had churned up his need for vengeance, his motivation to fight and persevere. Without it, he felt half broken as he fought back the memories of what Loki had done to him crashing in so close to what Creed had done to him. Hearing the exchange between Phil and the god, Clint drew away from Coulson enough to bare his teeth at Loki. "There's nothing you could say or do to make up for what you've done to us," he snarled, pulling himself up a little as anger overrode fatigue and good sense. "The things you made me do... I... I was supposed to kill you. You should be dead."
Scott did his best to clean up and stay focused. He felt like he was losing his mind, and that was even more terrifying because he knew he probably was. He focused in on Clint's words and nodded. "Yeah. I... no, not planning to kill you." Of course, he hadn't been planning to beg the man to fuck him either, and he'd done that too. "Let's just get there." He did his best to keep breathing and not look like he was having a nervous breakdown as they walked into the hall. Scott knew they probably looked as suspicious as he felt, but that would matter later. It didn't matter yet. Later he could worry about the fact that he was already tearing apart what was supposed to be his new life. His body ached, but that was so far down his list of worries that Scott dismissed it entirely. It was a problem he could worry about when his mind wasn't being twisted by a god from another dimension.
It was Tony's turn to roll his eyes, but more for the sake of looking put out. "So picky." He put on his most devilish grin and leaned in, looking Steve right in the eyes. "It's a shame you're so shy. I'd take you to a nice, loud bar with a nice, dark corner and show you just how wicked my tongue can be..." He trailed off and leaned back, letting his foot brush against the blonde's calf as he took his napkin from the table and innocently spread it over his lap.
Thor took hold of his brother more gently than one might expect, placing cuffs on Loki's wrists. He couldn't deny the relief at the idea that they weren't going to kill Loki. At least, not yet.
Logan grinned, smacking Scott on the shoulder. "Knew ya could do it," he said, glancing at the wall. "Might not get the deposit back, though. I'm sure Stark'll forgive us. Hell, from all accounts, he's probably done worse to this building." He looked Scott over. "How's it feel?"
"It won't last long, Cap. Better grab him and get him to lockup," he said, squeezing a series of buttons on his bow's riser to load up another acid round.
The ringing in Clint's ears was subsiding, his vision clearing. He leaned against the wall, letting the cool surface soothe his wounds. He tensed as Victor tore Phil's shirt away. He wanted to scream at Victor to leave his handler alone, scream at Phil for drawing Creed's attention to himself in the first place. Instead, he watched, jaw clenched. He knew that doing anything would just fuel the fire. //Goddammit.//
Phil watched Clint disappear with a frown. He would have preferred to go as well to take stock of Natasha's condition, but she needed to feel safe, and the doctors were trying to keep her from over-extending herself. He glanced over at Scott and Logan. "I won't apologize for him. We all know the situation here. I will say that if he's right and there is something you're keeping quiet about... trying to do that in a building full of spies and geniuses isn't a smart way to go. Coming clean's going to catch you a lot less hell than being forthright."
Expression carefully neutral, Phil nodded. "Everyone's been under surveillance at one time or another." He hesitated before adding, "I requested that I be the only agent to watch you and Agent Romanov. After what happened with Loki, if something was going to be wrong, we've been working together for a long time. I would have seen it." He had been worried about the duty in a way, had almost handed it off to someone else. If anything had been wrong with Clint or there had been any lingering effects, Coulson wasn't sure he could have turned him in anyway. In that way he sympathized with how Scott had to feel sorting through any potential danger from Logan. "My reports were thorough in the ways that they needed to be." Phil smiled faintly. "SHIELD doesn't need to know everything."
He stared back at her like she was a complete idiot for a moment before catching on and forcing a smile instead. "Oh, sure. Not a problem. Just because he's actually managed to kill more than one member of the Avengers in the past, and he controls minds and... Jemma, really, what can an examination-"
Simmons could see the wheels turning, and she cautioned firmly, "Focus. First the healing." Her voice dropped, and she murmured, "Then we'll see what else we have time for before he remembers we've got this." If they were successful, the whole thing could be wrapped up quickly and then, with even more luck, Steve would keep Tony distracted so that they could keep right on working on slightly less above board projects. More loudly, she said, "Thank you! This should be a great help."
It was honestly hard not to watch Clint sleep. He looked ridiculously calm and innocent for someone who did the things that he did. He looked peaceful. He looked gorgeous. Coulson cleared his throat and forced himself to focus on the issue at hand. Soon enough he was lost in watching for cues and body language. "Barton," he barked, never doubting for a moment that Clint would wake at once. "I'm on my way to Summers' room. You're with me. Back far enough that he doesn't know you're there and close enough that I do." He tossed Clint an earpiece. "I'm wired, so keep an ear out. If I need you, it should be pretty obvious."
"This. That. Sure. But, guilt? What about guilt?" Pepper's eyes grew a little stormy. She held out the bottle in front of him, dangerously near his head. Tony took it from her hands, thinking if he should be careful with his next words. "You have nothing to be guilty about, alright Tony?"
----------
"You too."
"What're you up to?"
He obviously couldn't do that, who was he kidding.
Friday's clipped voice came through, "They seem to be an extra terrestrial life form."
This was exactly the problem. Pepper cared too much. So much that the thought of losing Tony would put her heart to a halt. It wasn't just to let her deal with every bad news that accompanied a mission, big or small. Tony couldn't allow it, it would've been too selfish of him. He was about to apologize to her, when she made him love her once again, reminding him just what irreplaceable value she held in his life.
"All done. Mr. Stark."
The place was crowded, like always. Tuesdays didn't matter in Burger King. Tony Stark didn't matter in Burger King. And hence, he could truly enjoy his meal, not having been recognised even once this morning.
He would drink. He would remember. He would drink some more. He would be en-route to passing out, but still remember. He would pass out completely. He would wake up the next morning. He would remember the events of the previous night, and then traverse further back in time, deliberately inflicting upon himself a backlash of memories until it became too painful to go back any further.
"I mean,-" Peter pointed to the ground below their feet, "-you could always take the subway."
"How's it going, Happy?"
The third one was better. It hit Howard's right shoulder.
Tony went for another swig.
Apparently Tony was found drunk and high with the woman, both of them passed out completely naked while they were in the middle of getting married by some earthly ritual. Thankfully, they never could finish "forging" their "union", given that neither the bride nor the groom was conscious. Tony hadn't thanked any supreme power as much as he did that day.
"Got it. Avengers, let's get these scaly sons of bitches."
"No need to be sarcastic in the morning."
"-the aforementioned-"
Tony, being the self preserver he was, quickly cure him of. "Alright, P.E's long since over. You be off, now." Raising his arm and waving a goodbye, he quickly turned around and started towards the nearest subway station.
He'd once propositioned Vision to make him a synthetic digestive system, including a neuro-stimulatory tongue to go along with it just so he could taste. Taste anything he wanted. Vision had responded with exactly the same justifications about knowing the science behind food and taste, thanks to the brain Tony and Bruce had so generously given him.
"Well, I mean, there could be an alternative." Peter suggested.
There was a long, uncomfortable pause. Pepper was joking, for sure. She had a biting sense of humor that way, but that's all it was- harmless humor. But still, Tony took too long to respond for Pepper's comfort.
And now?
Tony gave him a what-can-you-do smile. "Hey, happens to the best of us."
"Hey Happy, I need you to get the car. Sending GPS location right now."
"Thanks for helping us, kid." Tony pointed at the devastation. "Things would've gotten a lot uglier if you hadn't shown up when you did."
"Call the office and inform them I won't be coming in today. Give a smart, believable excuse- call in sick or something. And tell them-"
"So," Pepper tucked her legs in,  "-Happy tells me you went shopping today?" Taking a sip from the bottle, she tried to hide the quick wince at the wine's sharp taste. Offering the bottle to Tony, she reached out for a fork.
"Home it shall be, please."
"That's Friday's fault. I told her feeling under the weather was a better alternative."
Rhodes was standing there, unannounced, looking at them. He had on his fourteenth prosthetic leg which Tony had designed for him. He walked over to them, as Tony unwaveringly eyed the prosthetic, trying to gauge its functioning and efficacy. He still needed to do better. He wobbled a little while standing up to greet his best friend, raising the bottle in a welcoming gesture. How much wine had he had already?
"Oh, that's nothing. All I did was pick up some stuff from some shelves. Although, I do have a question."
Tony turned to look at Peter, who was standing on the edge of the roof of the skyscraper, and gave him a small nod.
Tony smiled, couldn't help himself from.
But then, all of a sudden- he stopped.
"Yes, boss."
"C'mon!" Tony protested, "That medical conference about Neurofiber Synthesis wasn't meant to be attended by you half asleep, alright? Honestly, tell me, how was it, Honeybear?"
"That one. And that one. And-and that one too. You know what? Add two of those for good measure. I mean, why not?"
Classy could wait.
"I meant my metaphoric legs, of course." Friday remarked.
Well, a shield in a reactor, and a pair of said blue eyes leaving one to die in the bare snow should be able to justify as many bitch fits as it could.
"What's that?"
"Husbuddies for life?"
And cut. The lights went out. The curtains fell.
Remembering something, Tony stood up, decisive, and walked over to a large, wooden shelf that stood in the corner. Removing a few books, he punched in the keypad to open a secret alcove in the wall, revealing his stash of some of the most expensive bottles of alcohol. Two empty glasses were sitting there too. He'd had it come in handy when a companion would be there with him in his office, right about before they'd proceed to have hungry, impatient sex. Pepper and him had shared another bottle when she'd been made C.E.O. Tony tried not to think much of that day, or rather, two in the night.
"Yes, it can be tricky."
There was a distant ring, like alarms bells going off. Or, an approaching train- its engine whistling louder and louder and louder. Out of all the previous sightings of aforementioned enemies-of-state, this was the first time they'd risked being seen in a country which was a member of the UN- a clear supporter of the Accords. What exactly had happened in Sweden that necessitated such risk? These past six months, all Tony had done was vehemently ignore whenever there were news of sightings, telling himself like a mantra that it was over- that his ex-teammates, ex-friends' security wasn't his responsibility. That there was no path but forward, to move on and to forget.
Without realising, Tony'd put forth the Mary's Room Knowledge Argument. Vision was respectful enough to not counter, knowing that Tony only ever wished good upon him. He wasn't trying to be rude, just trying to make things better for others. It was his second nature- turning the best even better. Vision, or Jarvis inside him, knew better than most. He'd simply said, "I think I hear Wanda calling me. If you'd excuse me, Mr. Stark." Tony had just shrugged, taken another sip of his drink, when he noticed.
"Sure, Mr. Stark."
"Alright then, make something up with twenty-eight point two percent generic, fourty-seven point five percent believable and twenty-four point three percent smart."
"F, you conspiring against me with Mr. Platypus here?"
He needed to do something that would take his mind off of all these issues that had been piling up on his mental peace. He needed to indulge in something normal. Something which would make him feel useful, but commonplace at the very same time. And Rhodey could always look after the remaining Avengers with Vision assisting him in managing the whole team.
Rhodey's session with the physiotherapist had gone...dismal, to be mild. There were a lot of falls, a lot of stumbling and unmet goals. Even though the physio they'd hired was one of the best, even he couldn't get Rhodey to complete four point two feet ( half a feet more than their previous session) without stumbling and falling to his knees, and without any help from Tony or the physiotherapist. Just this morning he'd been smiling and making vows to Tony, and now- now, all that he could see was a heart wrenching expression on his friend's face. Tony hated that Rhodey was like this. Tony hated that he couldn't complete the distance of a mere four feet.
"What? Married to you?"
Sighing, he got up, and took the bottle of Johnnie Walker's Blended Scotch Whisky, imported straight from Scotland, glasses, the whole works, and dumped them in the dustbin under his desk. Still feeling a remnant of the pain, he decided to do something to occupy his treacherous mind. Looking at the documents sitting in front of him, unsigned, Tony took hold of one and started ripping pages off of it. It didn't matter, he was sure that there were a thousand copies lying just in case Tony went ahead and did something like he was doing right now. He started crumpling the official papers into paper balls and decided to aim them at a painting of Howard that was hanging on the wall across from his desk. It was a portrait, painted by some famous artist from the sixties, and Howard had got it installed in his old office. After his parents' death, Stane had gone ahead and hung it in Tony's office and in order to not seem rude, he'd let it hang there. A constant reminder of what he was supposed to be and what he actually was. He looked at the painting of his father.
Tony whipped his head up. "Sorry?"
"I'm not willing to take that risk. We can work fine with the remaining three, right Fri?"
Tony was ready to punch these villainous, scaly sons of bitches to death if Friday had, at that moment, said anything about his "Language". Thankfully, she had been programmed to display the decency of being embarrassed.
It was a toy giraffe when he was seven, a radio when he was eight and a piano when he was nine.
"Wow. You were concerned that I wasn't getting any." Tony covered his face. This wasn't a good morning, it was another godforsaken episode of Taunting Tony Thursdays.
"That is literally the opening line of the Guide to Conversation Starters for Shrinks." He offered the bottle to her.
"Yeah, no, the repulsor in the left leg is busted. The suit probably needs immediate attention what with the number of times it's been flung into buildings and drenched in alien saliva in the past four hours. Anyways, I can't fly back without having to listen to Friday give sermons about my troubling affinity for recklessness at least five hundred times, so I've got to get a car and face the onslaught of everyday traffic."
"What do I usually do for relaxing. You know, when I'm alone? When my time is just plain, old time and not money?"
"Great work. And no, these suckers are fucking far from attractive."
"Liar." His condescending inner voice taunted him. "It was the one place he visited most in the tower. He spent more time in the gym than in his bedroom, you really think a bedside photo frame would be a better choice?"  Tony wanted to strangle his conscience. He looked at the photo. It was from right after they'd defeated Ultron, when the tensions between the team had finally dissipated. They were all standing together, in front of the red, white and blue layered cake, with the American flag for the frosting. Right at the center, an edible figurine of captain america stood proud. The theme was a no-brainer, really, after all, His American-ness was born on the fourth of July. Thor and Barton, both had somehow made it for the evening, and even Natasha seemed less gloomy, ever since Banner had flown his green self into space (Tony had later Photoshopped Banner's picture on Steve's request, and had done a neat job of it, the proof was right there in Steve's locker). Steve was standing right in front of the cake, Tony, Thor and a Photoshopped Banner to his left and Natasha, Sam and Barton to his right. Wanda and Vision were both standing together behind Barton and Rhodey was standing behind Tony. Pepper was in Tokyo, away on CEO business.
Bringing the coffee pot to his mouth, Tony did a "cheers" and said, "After getting-" he looked at the coffee critically, "more of coffee in my system I will be."
"Am I a notorious child who always has to be up to something?"
"I was confused, so I'd put both in earlier. But, do you prefer almond milk or soy milk?"
"Yes,-" Pepper inwardly sighed in relief, Tony could almost hear it, "-I thought so.  So, why did you not show up today?"
But she was here, and they were having Mac 'n' Cheese and that was fine.
"Shoot."
"One down. Fourteen to go."
Realising that he was still holding Steve’s mug, he slowly kept it aside, deciding against imparting it with the same fate. Sighing, Tony walked out of the kitchen, quietly whispering “lights” on his way out.
"Great. And Friday?"
"Well, I just talked to some shareholders to see that it remains that way and burnt my tongue on my coffee this morning, all the while wishing I could skip work under the pretense of a four-hour long dentist's appointment."
"I just- I mean, do you need to see me? In fact, you know what, I want to see you."
He watched as Rhodey clambered up from where he was sitting on his haunches at a three point seven feet of distance, and slowly walk away. Their physio had frowned, and his eyes met with Tony's when they both knew that today wasn't the brightest of sessions. In fact, it was probably the dreariest of them. He smiled halfheartedly at him as he walked out behind Rhodey to cheer him up, while Tony decided to stay behind at the gym. He looked around at the vast expanse, suddenly too big for a singe person. After all, it had been constructed while keeping a certain team in mind. Made for the use of several persons, not just one.
Victor stared at her for a very, very long time before he said, “But—it is. I remember. You were one of the first people who wasn’t intimidated by me, so I remember when we were introduced.”
Tony started to cry, and he hated himself for it. “Jarvis, what am I doing?”
His life might be in shambles right now, but Jan always made him feel better.
Jarvis sighed and rolled his eyes, unable to help a smile as Tony tried to smother some reluctant giggles. “Please let me drive you, dear.”
Tony took it reluctantly.
, a small, traitorous part of him whispered. Tony looked down at the scrap of paper and the paint on it again. Yeah. A sweet one.
Tony hadn’t known he was capable of such hate until that very moment, when he seethed in anger with every fiber of his being at the Stane family.
“You know him?” Tony asked, unable to feel a little exited. “We’ve been corresponding for—well, it doesn’t matter how long, but—yes, we’re to be married when I arrive.” His smile dimmed. “At least—at least I hope so. I’d wanted to do things a bit differently, but… there were extenuating circumstances.”
Tony stood frozen, hands gripped into fists, stunned. He wanted to run back inside and never leave. He wanted to be by Ana and Jarvis’s sides for always.
“So romantic,” Tony murmured to himself. He felt warm down to his bones even as he ducked his head back under the pillow. “Ana?”
But he was going to marry Steve.
“It’s a drawing,” Jan whispered, holding it out to them.
Victor von Doom had never gone out of his way not to sneer down his nose at Tony as if the position he was in was his fault, so Tony had no idea why he would try to help him now.
He paused halfway through rereading Steve’s third letter. It had been sort of romantic, hadn’t it, meeting his future husband through letters. As excited as he was to meet Steve, he’d miss the anticipation of the next letter. He remembered the excitement he’d felt every time he’d held the envelope in his hands, how nervous he’d been before he read the letter, and then how giddy he was after. He wondered if Steve had felt the same way, sitting on pins and needles until he received it. Did he come into town to check for letters, or did someone deliver them? If he came to town, did he open them then and there, or did he wait until he was in the privacy of his home? He sort of hoped that Steve couldn’t wait. He thought that might be cute.
“And have the porters hate
“I–I–S-Susan is expecting me,” Tony said, voice shaking, and tried to pull away, but the alpha’s grip tightened so much it started to hurt. “Mm-!”
Tony opened his mouth, then shut it again, peering up at the man with a frown. The alpha looked sincere enough, he supposed, and… it
“…Alright,” Jan said stiffly.
Ana smiled, and it was the saddest one Jan had ever had the misfortune of seeing on her. “It’s not selfish, Janet. It just means you care. The only way it would be selfish would be if you disallowed him the chance to strike out on his own. Whether he succeeds or fails is on him—but it’s up to us to allow him the choice to do so, and believe in him. Especially because no one else has.”
“I escaped New York by hiding in a trunk in the luggage compartment, if that’s any indication about how dire the situation was. I sent the telegram to you on a stop where I changed trains to get to Chicago instead of Maine. And I know—I know Obadiah will take it as a personal affront that he couldn’t control me, so I doubt he’ll stop looking for me. I just want… want you to be prepared. If Obadiah finds me here and tries to force me to go home.” Tony sucked in a shuddering breath. “I know that can be a deal breaker, an angry guardian coming for his ward, but—”
Jan leaned back to frown at him sternly. “You’ve ruined nothing at all,” she informed him imperiously, her tone just daring him to argue. “We’ll figure something out, Tony.”
Tony reached out to grab her arm gently. “Now, he was probably just doing it to tease you—”
it said.
And the Jarvises would make him go.
“It will be such a shame when I make him eat his own hands,” Jan lamented, turning back to the negligee. “Perhaps they’ll let me sew in prison.”
Then he began a letter to Jan, detailing how his journey after they’d separated had been going. Fair, he’d decided, but did not do her the disservice of lying and saying he wasn’t afraid. She’d held him as he cried the last few days, after all, and he’d even admitted he was scared to her out loud. They’d never had any secrets from each other, anyway, growing up. He wasn’t going to start having them now.
“I mean. It’s a letter. There’s no expiration date on it,” Tony replied, amused. “I’ll look at the menu while you—” He watched Steve whip the envelope back out and open it. “…Read it,” he finished, laughing a little, then picked up the little menu card on his plate. He watched Steve’s eyes dart back and forth across the paper for a moment, then dropped his gaze down to the menu card, for some reason feeling like he was intruding.
“Wow,” Jim said, reluctantly impressed. He turned to smile down at him. “It’s good that you have friends like that, though. He obviously cares a lot about you being able to safely travel.”
“You have literally done that in front of me,” Tony said after a moment of shock. “You have sat on Hank’s lap in front of me at least twice.”
definitely on his way to one, no matter the reasons behind it. It really would be the best option.
Jan sniffed at him again. It wasn’t like she was just taking
Tony prickled with anger, and he scowled, whispering, “I’m
“Me too,” Tony whispered back.
“In theory,” Steve murmured, confused, but quieted again to allow him to continue.
“We were all thinking it!” Jan exclaimed defensively. “Well. Everyone except you apparently.”
Jim tilted his head, smiling a little. “Would your alpha really be okay with that?”
“Why is
Tony covered his mouth to muffle a sob when he saw the little heart that she’d doodled next to her name. He didn’t know what to do without her. They’d been together ever since they were three years old, when their mothers had gotten into a heated argument over a feathered hat only to turn around at the sound of a shriek to find that Jan had punched an older boy in the eye for tugging on Tony’s hair. Tony was no shrinking violet; Jan was just
“Ah,” Tony began, then sighed, shoulders sagging. “Yes, I suppose that would be best,” he agreed, because it wouldn’t be fair to have Steve marry him without all of the facts. He’d been hesitant to divulge all of them in a letter, which could be taken out of context or even be stolen and taken back to Obadiah. Steve deserved to know everything before he married him.
He tried not to think about how Steve actually had become dear to him in such a short time, and how that might look to other people. Every time he thought about it, he remembered ‘this is too fast’ and ‘what if I seem too eager.’ He comforted himself with the knowledge that Steve had started it, with his ‘dear Tony’s and ‘sincerely’s. If nothing else, Steve would not be put off by that.
Once Tony felt the train moving underneath him, he decided to reward himself with a quarter of his cucumber sandwich.
“It’s fine,” Tony replied again, smiling, and turned to go to the punch table.
Still, Steve had seemed so kind in his letters, had seemed like the kind of man who wouldn’t mind someone failing as long as they were honestly trying. Surely he wouldn’t hold Tony’s ignorance against him. Tony might not know Steve personally yet, but he liked to think he knew some of the intimate parts of him. He knew that Steve got lonely, and that he was artistic, and that his favorite color was yellow. And Steve knew him—knew he was anxious, and scared, but still willing to try. That must count for something, right?
Tears wouldn't come. That was one more benefit of alcohol- while his tongue was loose, his tear ducts weren't. Contrary to most, Tony'd never been someone who cried when emotionally difficult times struck, instead, he'd just packed and packaged it off to the unfathomable depths of his mind. He was good at that- remembering things that mattered. But right now, what mattered was that his friends knew that they mattered.
----------
Har, har, har.
"Tony, you not showing up at work suddenly and sounding surprisingly sober on the phone is a reason for me to come. Is eight fine?"
Tony took the spot beside Rhodey on the couch while Pepper offered another plate of Mac 'n' Cheese, "It was wonderful, alright. There were these brilliant scientists and doctors with their own inventions and progress reports and everything. But none of them can match what you do, Stank." He looked at Tony, eyes brimming with ingenuity. "You gotta stop feeling this overwhelming sense of responsibility or guilt or whatever you wanna call it, alright? This-" He pointed at his prosthetic leg stretched out on front of him, "-works amazingly."
"It's my duty, Mr. Stark." Peter was probably blushing, but he still had his mask on. "Glad to be of service."
"Hey, no she's right. Don't get angry at her." Rhodey vehemently defended the A.I. "Friday, explain your perfectly precise and logically conclusive findings about Mr. Stank's stinking sex life here."
Three steps away, his feet suddenly stopped, as he stood there for a second, uncertain. Turning around and walking back to Peter, who was still rooted to where he had been standing, Tony grabbed the young boy's shoulders and his eyes turned the warmest shade of brown.
Just as he was about to leave, Tony quickly asked Friday-
"The man knows what he wants Tony. You've got to stop beating yourself up." Then, looking at Rhodey, she went on, "Did you know, he went shopping today?"
"What do you mean?"
"It's alright. I know you didn't mean it."
He stared at them for a long time. They were all smiling and looking cheerful. Steve was giving a full blown grin, exuberant blue eyes boring into the camera,  the knife held ready in his right hand, his left hand hovering over the table's edge.
Yeah, it wasn't rush hour.
"Oh, just, you know, shopping. Trying to contribute towards economic growth, getting to know the hard-nine-to-five-working Americans."
"Well, I thought straight from the bottle would be better. Instead of a glass, can I interest you in a whole bottle, Miss Potts?"
"That fucking Rogers is burned in the back of my skull. He's branded in my fucking memory." Pepper was still massaging his head. It felt good. He was nearing towards the end. He could make it without dozing off. "The thing is, maybe he meant it, maybe he didn't. But he abandoned us, me, everything, everyone. And that hurts because you don't expect that from people who're so close to you. You don't expect that from the people you trust. And then Steve, like a right bastard, with his undying loyalty for Barnes and his absolutely missing speck of an aching for the life that he'd built with me-us...it just gets too much to bear, you know."
Deciding to terrain the sidewalks like any other New Yorker, Tony started walking, catching up quickly to the regular beat of his steps. He had forgotten how quirky this city was- a potpourri of whatnot. He passed by a man dressed as Gandhi, a woman walking her dog dressed as Elvis (The dog, not the woman), a youngster playing the banjo outside a funeral home, a group of hippies distributing fliers about something Tony wouldn't even care to read, just throw it in a garbage dump as he turned round the corner.
"I said, I'm done with the shopping Mr. Stark. Almost, though."
"Yes, Mr. Stark.' She still wouldn't call him Tony. Turning, around, she disappeared into some other aisle, leaving him stranded in the- Tony looked at the shelves- animal food section.
"I'm sor-"
"-Oh, for the love of Science!"
Place: The Bedroom.
The ghostly glow of the smartphone's screen suddenly vanished from Tony's face, as he put his phone down. Sighing, he massaged his suddenly throbbing forehead, and swivelled his chair around, New York skyline suddenly splayed out in front of him through his glass window wall. Leaning back, Tony saw as the various pinpricks of light coalesced into a string of light bulbs, he could see a million vehicles going places, returning from places.
Maybe because back then, drinking was still relatively novel and he had had Jarvis and Rhodes and Obie (for the most ignorant parts anyways). Also, being thrown headfirst into SI not soon after, he’d been overloaded with too many things at once and found himself almost never free enough to sit down and contemplate about the gaping chasm in his heart and mental well being. And when he did find himself alone on rare, countable occasions, the women and seldom, men, had been there in his bed- keeping his mind off of things that threatened to encroach upon his pitiful and pathetic self.
"Shut up." Tony's muffled voice came from where he was hiding guys face in his hands. "It's two more than your monthly average."
There was a red, white and blue coffee mug sitting right between the mundane pile of clean dishes. It was larger than regular coffee mugs- striped with the aforementioned colors in reverse of the aforementioned order, stars clumsily engraved in it to prevent it from looking less like an almost-French flag. Which was exactly where it was from, when Tony had decided to keep a souvenir from a memorable night he'd spent with a French barista in Paris god-knows-how-many years back.
Almost in a frenzied panic, he quickly shut off that part of his brain. He knew that delving deeper would only deteriorate his already depleting sanity. No, he couldn't afford that rush of painful nostalgia, the impending flood of memories, threatening to drown his heart in it. He jerked his head away from the picture, eyes landing back on the doom of his existence, the phone. He picked it up in his hand, the object feeling much heavier than what its mass allowed.
In Tony's mind, he was aware of his friends taking care of him. Getting him to sleep like a normal human being, and not on the floor with a shattered glass by his side against the kitchen island like he'd been doing. He wanted to tell them that they were the reason he was still going on, that they were the only people Tony could trust with his heart anymore. That he couldn't escape Siberia, no matter how hard he tried. That alcohol was only making it worse, but somehow, Tony wanted to get worse. And worse. And worse.
Suddenly, the reporter paused and leaned away from the camera, listening carefully to her earpiece. After a moment, she looked straight into the camera, her eyes piercing and her expression grave-
-Of course. He hadn't drunk anything last night. He'd been so busy thinking about getting out of this- this whatever it was, that he hadn't even realised when his brain had given up and lulled him into sleeping. No wonder this fine morning his vision wasn't hazy, his breath wasn't reeking and his brain wasn't numb. It was active, participating and prompt. Consequently, he remembered the reason behind it- he needed a plan of action.
"I did? Must be a malfunction in my grammatical cognition abilities. I'm sure Mr. Holmes doesn't do that."
"Just throw anything and everything you find fit."
Tony'd rather have fading purple-blue-black bruises marring his face, memories of snow with a pink tinge with blood soaking through and a persisting ache somewhere in the left of his thoracic region rather than not be able to drink.
"Absolutely," Steve agreed, unable to keep from smiling.
Scott's whole world narrowed in to focus on the kiss and the taste of Logan on his tongue. He couldn't help but glance down at Natasha sucking his lover like her life depended on it, and Scott moaned into the kiss.
Logan nodded. It scared him a little to think that the Avengers might not be able to help them. He didn't want to know what SHIELD would do with him - or more importantly, Scott - if they decided he was a permanent liability. The feral mutant plucked up his courage for a moment before he looked at Steve again. "What I did earlier... Well, I think you know it wasn't me, but I still feel like I oughtta apologize. And tell ya thanks. For makin' sure I didn't hurt anybody."
Momentarily mesmerized and simultaneously unnerved by that stare, Tony hesitated a moment before leaning in and gently kissing the tall blonde, his hand running over that magnificent chest as he shifted closer. "Any way you want me," he breathed.
"It's... it's familiar, yeah," Scott agreed with a glance at Logan. "Rain check on that dinner?" he asked the other man with a smirk before following Natasha out into the hallway.
"No. You're not sitting this out. You handled it before. Briefing room. On the double." The computer chirped to indicate a closed transmission.
"Not a problem. You would've done the same, I hope." Steve managed a smile and tried to mean it. "We’ll do everything we can to make you both safe, Logan." Though it was a small gesture in the grand scheme of things, he suggested, "I could get Scott a message from you if you like."
The last was enough to break the glare Loki had fixed on Stark. It melted into an expression of genuine humor, even if the god was still miles away from looking happy. He chuckled quietly and allowed, "At that, you may have a point." Loki shook his head and then looked back, meeting Stark's gaze since the man seemed so unafraid of doing so. It was interesting to see that Stark's tongue was undulled by fear. He had no apparent terror of saying the wrong thing and bringing about his friends' deaths. Whether that was bravery or foolhardiness, Loki had no idea. "So let's say I decide that I give up all pursuit of Asgard. I abandon my mutant allies. They will still desire to overwhelm you. Your world will not be safe from Magneto and his fellows. I care little for that, but I do wonder... where do you really think I could go?"
Coulson was momentarily thrown by the rather formal tone of the question, but he recovered as quickly as possible and tried to cover by getting mugs out for the coffee. He wondered when Clint had gotten a 'usual mug' at his place. "Probably. I'm sure they're working hard on it. I trust them." It was all more awkward than it should have been. It was all harder than it should have been. When it came to personal relationships, Coulson was a terrible liar, and he knew it. He suspected it was the demands of his day to day work that made it feel particularly slimy when it came to close quarters. "Look, if what happened tonight... if you'd rather we pretend it never happened, I can do that. You mean a lot to me, and if this is just too... I know how you feel about Natasha, and I've seen the guys you usually pick up... it's... I'm not going to let it get in the way of anything. If that's what you want." It wasn't pretty or clean or particularly coherent, but he felt better having said anything at all.
Clint nodded, though he didn't look terribly convinced. He didn't like the idea that Loki might be left alive to do who-knew-what the next time he managed to talk his way out of prison. "You'd think his brother could loan me some arrows. Their weapons work on each other, right?" he wanted to know. "Or is it all like Thor's hammer? Can't pick it up unless you're special?"
The words were enough to send a spike of arousal right through him, and Steve hated himself for thinking when his instincts told him to act. "You're drunk. If I kiss you now, you won't even remember it tomorrow," Steve's voice dropped and he leaned in a little closer, "and that would be a real shame. I may not be very good at dancing, but..." The teasing was uncalled for, unprofessional, and probably playing with fire, but he couldn't help himself.
Fury settled back into his chair, staring hard at Tony for longer than he was entirely comfortable with. "We're getting some indications that Loki may be on the move," he finally said, apparently having decided that an ass-chewing wasn't going to help the situation for anyone. "We expect him to poke his head out somewhere nearby soon. Let's hope this raygun of yours works."
"Good. We'll be in the infirmary if we're needed." It was with a lighter heart that Phil led Clint toward the infirmary. The sooner they both got a clean bill of health and filed a quick report, the sooner he could get some sleep. Reaching out, he put a hand on Clint's shoulder. "For the record? I'm proud of you. I don't think everybody could have put it down and given that up. You did good."
The words had their intended effect, and Thor kept shame-filled eyes trained down the hallway. "I care for you, brother, no matter how much you despise me," he finally replied, his voice low. Sif was hanging back, and Thor briefly wondered if it was coincidence or she was deliberately trying to give them privacy. "I do not wish to see you dead." He finally gathered the nerve to look at Loki, trying not to flinch at the anger and resentment that stared back at him. "No matter what evil you inflict on others, I cannot seem to find it in my heart to hate you."
"It could be interesting to see what kind of looks you get at a drag show," Scott deadpanned. Logan made a good point. Congenial as their waitress was, the clientele were far less warm and inviting. "Maybe we should head out, get a walk in. I could use some fresh air before we call it a night... not that the bouquet of beer and cigarette smoke isn't absolutely enchanting."
Tony's heart seemed to give a painful thump, and he struggled for a moment to take a breath. It was Steve's voice, Steve's body. Tony was certain he'd never see the real thing again. The gentle words, the tone.... Tony swallowed hard, staring at the hand that had been extended to him. He wanted it to be real. It looked, felt, and sounded real. The reality of the situation hurt. Not just the illusion, but the whole damn thing. If Loki was willing, no matter the reason behind it, to make things hurt less for even a moment, Tony couldn't help but reassure himself that it was fair for him to take the offering.
"No, I don't mind," Bucky answered, unable to hide the dark cloud brewing above his head. The truth of the matter was that he needed a distraction, someone to keep him company and to prevent him from doing anything stupid. He loathed being helpless and unable to be with Steve, and that had led him to a series of dark thoughts he'd rather forget about. "Steve says he's gonna put in a good word for me," Bucky made an attempt at small talk. "Spring me outta here."
"At this point, I think we need to assume that we're dealing with Hydra. Whether they're using Mr. Buchanan's body or not, this is them."
In which the science team sciences things with varying degrees of success, and Plan B sounds terrible.
Logan tugged his chest strap a little tighter. Too tight, really, but it wasn't like he was going to get a blister. "Don't see why we couldn't just land the friggin' thing," he grumbled under his breath. He knew, of course, that he could probably have hit the ground without a chute from a lot higher altitude and at worst come out with a headache. That didn't mean he felt any better about flinging himself out of a perfectly good airplane or having gotten on one in the first place. His thoughts were interrupted by a hard shove from behind that left him flopping head over heels for a few seconds before he finally regained his bearings and got hold of his chute release. In the process, he swore to himself he'd be killing Barton if Loki didn't do it first.
“It’s all over Janice’s hair now,” Victor informed them.
“Excellent timing, sir,” Jarvis told Tony.
“Steve, I just got off the train today,” Tony cut in. “Of course there are going to be missteps as we get to know each other in person.” He reached out for Steve’s arm, then hesitated. But… Steve had been telling him how brave he was. He figured he shouldn’t stop now. So he continued reaching, curling his hand around Steve’s arm, and added, “You told me that you’d be patient as I learned. Of course I’ll be patient with you, too.”
“I’m telling Ana you said that,” Tony said, smiling a little.
Jan leaned back to look at him and snorted before covering her mouth, looking gleeful. “Tony! You have mayonnaise all over your face!”
“Here,” Jan said gently, handing him the telegram.
He was maybe, possibly beginning to feel a little hopeless about it all.
Tony immediately dropped his pen, taking the letter with both hands. “Steve!”
“You wouldn’t get caught,” Tony scoffed, but frowned at her anyway. “Does Hank have a friend in town I could hang off of for the night? What about that one friend, what is his name–”
The man nodded. “You’re in luck! The train just pulled in. That’ll be eighty-five dollars, sir.”
Jan sniffed in derision. “Tony isn’t terrified of me.”
Jarvis gave her hands a squeeze and, solemnly, told her, “Ana. You would never have to do that, because I would do it first.”
I wasn’t supposed to just keep the wagon here like this.”
“Tony,” Ana said gently, reaching out to put her hand on his shoulder. “Please, take it from me. It’s not childish to run away from what’s causing you harm.”
Steve was right. The train only barely stopped in Timely—it seemed more like a hesitation at the raised platform rather than an actual stop on the way to a bigger city. Still, for as shortly as it stopped, several other people seemed to get off. The platform was crowded, and the picture of Steve he’d been jokingly sent had left… a
“Tony,” Steve breathed, hand immediately coming up to take it. “That’s so sweet. Thank you.” He hesitated, though, fingers just grazing the edge of the envelope. “Is it okay if I read it?” he asked, brows furrowing together in concern as he turned his gaze from the letter back to him.
“I can tell. It’s just… you’re one of the few people who has said that to me. Oh, people might have whispered it behind their hands at some point, sure,” he added when it looked like Steve didn’t believe him. “But no one wanted to portray themselves as going against Obadiah. He’s very powerful back in New York.” He swallowed thickly. “And he has an alpha son.”
“You don’t need to do that,” Tony exclaimed, lifting his head. “Ana! You’re not a servant! You don’t need to wait on me!”
“Maybe the next time you’re in Timely, I can repay you for the rest of my ticket,” Tony replied, feeling guilty that he’d had to offer it so Tony wouldn’t have to pull out anymore money, try to show that he wasn’t carrying more money than he knew what to do with. “Or, um—you could come to supper?”
Ana hummed thoughtfully. Her niece was still looking for marriageable alphas. This was a very simple and plain ad, but… sometimes simple and plain was better than ostentatious. Besides, only a letter would truly tell. It was probably expensive to put these ads in the paper, especially as far east as the alpha had. She clipped the ad out and put it in an envelope with all the others that she would send on later.
Tony was silent for a few minutes before he finally, quietly whispered, “I don’t even know his favorite color.”
Tony wanted that, too. But he knew he’d never get that with Ezekiel. He’d probably never get it with anyone else, either, if he stayed.
Jarvis tried not to sound bitter when he managed to laugh in return, but he missed the mark completely. “Yes, well, we all know how your father was. No alpha was good enough to carry on the Stark legacy.”
Jarvis squeezed his arms around him tightly without a word.
Jarvis smiled and pressed another kiss to the top of his head. “Maybe one day, when you’ve been gone long enough that no one will suspect, Ana and I will come and visit you.”
“Well, I’m on my way home to visit my parents in Philadelphia,” Jim said, putting his hands in his pockets. “I hope you enjoy Timely. The people there are nosy but they’re also really, really nice.”
“A man would be mighty flattered to hear someone call their name like that, Anthony,” Ana pointed out with a grin.
Tony giggled, surprised, and blushed a little. “Oh! Jarvis!”
The trunk wasn’t
“I have no doubts,” Victor drawled. “Anthony, come sit while Janice checks her belongings. I had tea delivered.”
“I have never been surer of anything in my life,” Greer told him, then shoved the apple in her mouth so she could reach down and open the bag. “Wha you wah?”
“But he’s not,” Steve cut in, and Tony couldn’t help but look up at him through his lashes, because Steve didn’t sound angry, or putout, or disgusted. He just sounded… firm. Unyielding. “He’s not your guardian. That would mean that he cared about you, and it’s clear that he doesn’t. And you’re not his ward—you were taken in by people who actually cared about you. From your story, the only thing he ever showed care for was your money. That doesn’t make him your guardian. Not out here.”
All of the blood in Tony’s body went ice cold as he slowly turned, swallowing thickly when he was met with Ezekiel’s smirking face. “E-Ezekiel,” he said weakly. “I didn’t realize you’d come to the party.”
Jan began happily.
“Oh,” Tony said. He hadn’t either, really. But then, he’d never been kicked by a steer.
None of the soaps had rose petals in them, though. He found himself dreadfully disappointed about it.
“So, since I might be marrying one of these people,” Tony began thoughtfully, nibbling on a carrot from his salad. “Does that mean I should use my good stationery?”
“Wonderful, I know,” Jan cut in, flouncing back over to the rack of clothes she’d rolled out as soon as he’d come in. “And it’s
Instead, he was the kind of beta who invested Tony’s fortune without discussing it, who paid Tony’s bills but gave him pittance for an allowance, and who thought it was appropriate to keep throwing his ne’er-do-well alpha son at him. Ezekiel wouldn’t know how to keep his hands to himself if his life depended on it, and Tony was raised just properly enough that he could only brush him off. Good omegas didn’t curse, or fight, or make a scene. Especially when the father of the alpha harassing them had control of their finances.
“I can’t believe that he’s allowed to get away with this! Can’t I have him murdered?!” Jan stopped, gasping, and covered her mouth. “
“I didn’t know he’d given me so much,” Tony admitted softly.
"Tomorrow. After you've slept and rested and the doctor lets me take you home to keep in bed... for more rest. Until I can-" Steve's phone buzzed, and he fished it out, expression grave as he read the update. "Logan's back. Natasha isn't. Still no idea what Loki wants." He tried to shake it off and force a flicker of a smile. "She'll be fine."
"As you wish, sir. Gladly." The electronic panels in the room went dim.
"I'm fine," Tony said, standing and heading for the bathroom. He would have liked a shower but figured that getting the injury wet probably wouldn't help, so he took a washcloth to the funkier parts of himself. "I'll go get this stitched up. You guys relax."
Natasha shook her head. If Logan had kept his mouth shut, she suspected that the man wouldn't have been the wiser. Scott was obviously buzzed and having a good time. He looked more confused than distressed by the idea that Logan had been so sexually adventurous in the brief time he'd been with the Avengers. "I wouldn't say it's part of the training program, but you learn to enjoy yourself while you can."
"That would be nice." Natasha rubbed her forehead absently. "It's like having a migraine medication can't touch. I'm not overly fond of the sensation."
Logan tensed, looking pained. It had nothing to do with the fact that Scott had been fucking around with Clint. It hurt him to see Scott in so much anguish after the man had narrowly evaded a similar fate at the hands of his kidnappers. "God... Scott..." It hurt him like a knife to the gut to see Scott cry. Unsure if the contact would be welcome, he reached for his lover. When Scott didn't immediately pull away, he dragged him close, arms wrapping around his lover, gathering Scott's hands and holding them close and curling around the man as protectively as he could. "I'm so sorry. I... this is all my fault. I'm sorry," he whispered, feeling even worse knowing that Scott was blaming himself.
The mutant just chuckled, looking over at Clint and watching the man twist worthlessly against his bindings. "Mmm... he's flexible," Victor whispered conspiratorially in Phil's ear. "I see why you like him." Shifting, he let his cock press against Phil's ass, giving his prisoner just enough time to think about it before he pushed forward.
Natasha snorted at that. "Boys. Here I thought he'd at least get a high five out of the deal." She clicked the movie off since they were summarily ignoring it anyway and stretched her legs out over Clint's lap. Tone and expression more serious, Natasha regarded the man at her side. "I am sorry if it makes things weird. I would have said something sooner if I thought it mattered." Natasha smiled fondly at Clint. "I just want you to be happy. Really happy."
Nat arched one eyebrow. "And I don't do boys, only men. You're safe."
Steve took his seat when Tony finally did. It was going to be interesting trying to get Tony to play by any sort of rules that weren't his own. He still knew that his lover was the best choice they had to guide the Avengers. As Fury had said, they weren't a SHIELD team - not exactly. "We've got things to do and wounds of our own to tend to," Steve continued in a quieter, calmer tone. "There are a lot of question marks floating around, and we aren't going to get all the answers any of us want as soon as we want them. It's more important now than ever that we remember we're all on the same side here. Is there anything else we need to discuss for now, Director?" The truth was that Steve was still fighting the urge to retreat entirely from the room, not that he let that show in his posture or tone. The team needed whatever stability they could find.
"If he ever chose to see about therapy... well, I'm not sure even Odin has that kind of cash." He could almost picture Loki crying on a daytime talk show. His smile broadened. "It really is nice having company. Especially someone... who understands. I try not to dwell on it, but it's hard not to some days. I don't remember much about after, but the during is a bit more vivid."
Normally Steve was the one championing trying the less violent path, but showing mercy in this situation had only made things worse. They'd lost Tony because they'd been stupid enough to think that turning Loki over to his brother would be enough to keep him away. To Thor, he said, "I wish there were better choices in this, but there aren't. He's too dangerous." He glanced around the table and noted that none of them had really touched their food. "Where's Bruce?"
At the door Steve steeled himself and stepped inside. Natasha gave a quick rundown of the situation through the door to give Steve a chance to catch his breath. "It's fine," Steve assured. "Then you can help Scott."
Clint couldn't help blushing faintly yet again. "I... might've been making excuses to crash on your couch a time or two." He slid his hand over the cool countertop to touch Phil's fingers. "I hadn't really thought about... us, but... kind of seems a little obvious now. I feel better when you're around." It sounded lame out loud, but Clint didn’t take it back. He figured that of someone wanted poetry, they'd be barking up the wrong tree with him, anyway. He got his point across. That was the important part.
"I'd be more offended if I felt like this guy was my brother in any sense but your freakin' paperwork," Logan replied. Looking at Creed, he could vaguely see the family resemblance. Which made him want to kill the guy all the more, considering what he'd done.
"Four."
Steve gritted his teeth together and counted to ten before he tried again. Tony was hard to deal with at the best of times. Yelling wouldn’t help even if Steve knew he might feel better doing it. The aftermath wouldn’t be worth it. “You’re sorely mistaken if you don’t think I’ll throw you over my shoulder and carry you out of this room. Killing yourself isn’t going to make you feel better any faster.” After a moment of thought, he reached out and rested a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Talk to me, Tony. I know I can’t make it go away, but I can listen.”
"Yes, thank you very much. Because unlike you, my stomach isn't used to digesting expired food."
"Alright, come check for yourself, and I'm apologizing in advance to disappoint your scathing suspicions. Mac 'n' Cheese sounds okay?" Tony felt wounded. So, that's what Pepper thought of him- a crazy workaholic and a raging alcoholic?
, because one thing which he would always be sure of, surer than life itself, is that the people he's been trying to forget these past months were at their core, good people. The inherent goodness in them, stemming from their own lives which was, in one way or the other, full of hardships and sacrifices. It would have to have been something serious, bigger than the Accords, bigger than their...their disagreement, that drove Steve and the rest to take such a huge risk.
"No shit, Sherlock."
For a few moments, the only sound was that of the crunch of cereal and gulps of coffee. The hesitancy was thick in the air, either party scared of going first. Tony didn't have to remember last night to realise that he'd said some pretty heavy things. Or something that he didn't want out in the open. Finishing the coffee, he set down the pot, and stared at the counter for a moment. Not being able to bear it, Tony finally spoke up, "Honey Bear, if I did or said something last night that made you want to friendivorce me, then I am truly sor-" He was cut off.
"You're right, he isn't." Rhodey looked at Tony, seriousness evident in his eyes. "Alright Tones, let's get you to bed."
"Oh man,-" Rhodey gave an exasperated eye roll, his face alight with a splitting grin. "You had to make it weird. Sure, sure. Husbuddies for life." He went back to his cereal, still smiling with the satisfaction of knocking his friend's brain back into place.
"What's that?"
"No, no. Don't let your night get ruined on my account. I have a high-" Extracting Rhodey's hands off of him, Tony started towards the stairs on his own, tripped, and fell faceward. "-tolerance."
"I was concerned."
"You're right."
"Alright, thanks, F."
"You don't have to-"
"Yes, Boss. But, suit efficiency is compromised. It needs attention ASAP."
"Great. Friday, analyze physiology and find me a reptile's greatest weakness.'
So, what to do?
Which was exactly what he has been doing for the past six months. The routine was rigid- wake up, take care of SI business, take care of Avengers (or whatever was left of it anyways) business, take care of press and media business, take care of the whole Ross-and-his-nonstop-bullshit business and finally get back home to take care of his private business.
Never mind.
----------
"Peter, I see you're not at school."
"Sure, I'm not saying it can't. I'm just saying that you don't have to send me to Tokyo and Delhi and everywhere else to find something better, or more functional for me. You're just fine enough for me. Right, Pep?"
"Friday told me." Rhodey simply answered.
A.A Meetings worked for people who wanted to give up alcohol. Tony wasn't even sure what he wanted anymore. And what was the point of going to these meetings if you're anything but anonymous? He obviously wouldn't own up to that time when he was thirty seven and had decided to clean up his act, and had started doing things by the book. The bottle went into the dustbin, the glasses hidden in shelves, a similar meeting joined.
But still, not be able to try coffee? Alcohol?
The glass shards made a piercing sound as they hit the metal of the dustbin that was sitting right at the corner of the kitchen. It was a painful sound, to say the least. The screeching sound- of glass against metal- almost, as if, it were metal against metal.
"Yes, boss."
with approximately twenty floors- against
Time: 6:14 a.m
"I just skipped work. It's no big deal. Not that I'm saying no to you. Tonight?"
"Why would you feel as if something wasn't okay?" Tony's steps faltered, as he peeked shamefully in his erratic heart. Pepper would catch on, soon.
Bliss.
"Sure. Guess I'll be off then."
When he laid his head on the pillow, his brain started its involuntary whirring. The whirring which represented thinking about things that were meant to be thought about at ungodly hours like the one he was still awake at, no matter how bad he didn’t want to think about them. It was this whirring, this despicable, abhorrent sound that he could hear inside his brain, which was one of the reasons why he was desperate to find out why he couldn’t keep on pretending that the alcohol was working just fine. After all, it was his truest, oldest companion (not, in any imaginable universe, above Rhodey) that had got him through his parents’ death just fine.
"I asked you to past the salt, buddy. Thrice, now. We got none on our table."
"Buddy? Tones?" Carefully extracting the bottle off of Tony's hands, he handed it to Pepper. "How much have you had?"
Military guy that he was, always tough on himself. Tony even tried to berate him about the dumb rules he made for his physio sessions, about how completing his goals mattered more than completing it in one go. Rhodey didn't care.
"Marvelous. You're a charm, really."
Tony Stark is 46. Steve Rogers is 32 at heart, 98 at brain.
There it was- the fucking phone. That phone which was like a nagging presence, a sermon for all his shortcomings, a beacon of despair, a symbol of everything that was so fucked up in his life. He'd finally shown some sense and stashed it in Steve's gym locker, given that Tony rarely visited the locker. Now, it was lying in front of him, in the darkness of the empty locker which contained nothing else besides a water bottle, a too-familiar-for-comfort white t-shirt, and a photo of the Avengers taken on his thirty-second birthday stuck to the door. It had already started to crinkle around the edges, the tape starting to peel off. Out of all places that Steve could've kept that photo, this was the place he chose. A desolate, tiny, cramped locker.
He was surprised, truly genuinely surprised at the fact that there were zero calamities. Tony had got out unscathed from last night. Why? How? Did he-
He was about to scrunch up the flyer in a ball and throw it in a garbage bin, when Happy's face came into view, as the car came to a halt right in front of Tony. He shoved the flyer in his pocket and picked up his bags, placing them in the back seat. Getting in the seat beside Happy, Tony gave his own small wave to the man.
Day 2
"Alright, we've got some serious problems here."
"Alright, Friday, I'm sorry. You're gonna make me beg, now?" Tony joked. "Results, please. We're wasting time by pulling each other's legs. Yours are metaphoric, of course."
"Yes, I kinda did. For the, you know, food and stuff." Tony pointed at the array of junk food lying in front of them, while taking the bottle from Pepper's hands. Damn, the wine was sharp. The recollection of his resolution to go without alcohol for the near future hit him too late, once the wine had traversed down his throat. He felt a little disappointed in himself, which was anything but new.
"Got it, boss."
"Thanks, man." The guy smiled, his girlfriend busy eating her food. Tony simply nodded in acknowledgement. Yep, he was still unrecognizable.
Tony smiled. He smiled despite. He smiled against. He smiled because.
Carla nodded. Once, twice. "Okay, I've got it, Mr. Stark. You can trust me with this, then. Why don't you wait around and I'll be right back when I'm done?"
"Aww, you made me coffee, Sourpatch. What's next, gonna ask me to marry you?"
"I know." Pepper started carding her fingers through Tony's hair. He leaned back further, letting her. "For starters, how you feeling Tony?"
"On it, Boss. And I'm presuming they're attractive."
Pepper was right. It was no point painfully reminiscing over the past- it had happened just like it had happened. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't shake the images off his mind. But he could try to find peace with it, maybe discover a common ground.
"You don't have to be so formal, kid." Tony laughed. "Anyways, you should go back to school. I'll try to call Happy and see if he can get the car by maneuvering it through all this rubble and concrete." He gave it a second thought, "Or if he could bring one of the choppers and land it on the roofs of one of the buildings that still luckily remain standing."
Tony kept his gaze on the floating figure who went to the edge of the summit. The cloth on its cloak flowing behind it. He could feel himself becoming colder by the second as the wind became stronger. His gut started to feel uneasy. He didn’t know what was going to happen, but he had a very bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. Something was wrong. Very wrong.
Tony looked down and shook his head. He used one hand to wipe his face and brush some of his dark brown and grey curls away from his forehead. All he wanted was to get this over with. It was difficult being with Steve again. Tony had spent the last eight years trying to forget and move on. He thought he was doing a good job until he got off the Guardians' ship and saw
It didn’t take long for Steve and Tony to finally divorce. Nobody’s fault. Luckily, it was clean, smooth, and quick. There were no harsh feelings towards each other. To Steve, however, it was bittersweet. It meant no Morgan, but it also meant no more Tony.
The gaze in Tony’s eyes was overflowing with pure admiration. It consumed him. As Steve stood and stared, he wished that somehow Tony could share some of it with him.
was fading away. Steve Rogers was now a pathless ghost doing whatever needed to be done to get through the day. He was miserable to say the least, but he was still there. He was always around to pick her up from figure skating practice and he sat through each and every one of her ballet recitals. Never a minute early but never a second late.
He promised Pepper and he promised Morgan that he would see them again.
of the bad guys!”
They haven’t spent much time together after that. Steve threw himself back into battle whenever he could and Tony spent his time caring for Morgan and helping S.H.I.E.L.D whenever he could.
Steve remembered.
His daughter continued beaming with joy, “And then we went outside the other day and we saw a daddy deer and his babies! He reminded me of you because you’re tall and the dear was tall!”
All he wished was that he enjoyed raising her as much as Tony did. He wished he could be the person Tony needed him to be. And Steve tried. He has been trying. He’s been trying so hard to be
Tony didn’t hesitate to smack Steve’s arm away and glare up at him. His eyes held a thousand daggers that tore their way into Steve’s chest. “Don’t… touch me.” His voice full of venom and his body tense. Ever since what happened between him and Steve, ever since Siberia, things weren’t the same.
Tony attempted to tap on his arc reactor to activate his suit but Steve was faster and much stronger
We all think that at first.” The hooded figure turned and in that instant, its face was recognizable. The Red Skull peered vacantly at Steve. “We are all...
“And then Dad and I watched a movie together and then after that we went to the grocery store and then we got some of the fruit pops! And then I ate my favorite one-”
As soon as Steve and Tony reached the edge of the summit, Steve didn’t hesitate to witness what he feared most. He made the sacrifice. The sacrifice for the greater good.
is it. If he did it right. If he would finally get the stone. The figure stood by the edge in an eerie silence, nodding his head in slow approval. “What you seek… lies before you… A soul....” His brittle voice repeated once again, his purpose coming to an end, “For a soul...”
His grip loosened, “Thats nice.”
“We haven’t left the driveway yet, Papa.” Morgan asked innocently, “Is something wrong?”
. Steve may of felt burdened with the task of being her father, but he wanted to do a good job. He
“Steve…” Tony’s fear took over his actions. He wasn't going to let Steve jump. He reached forward and pulled the blond's arm to bring him away from the ledge. He and his partner held hands and Tony watched as the tears slid out of his sullen blue eyes and down his face, “You are not going to jump, do you understand me?” Tony commanded,  “We’ll get the stone. Just not like this. We'll find another way. I promise you, we’ll find another way.”
“Tell me.” Steve’s voice was flat. He didn’t take his eyes off of the road.
Tony took parenting like a fish to water. He knew how to hold her, how to calm her down, how to be a good dad, how to
She crossed her arms playfully and was practically jumping up and down in her seat. “You have to guess, silly!”
It was peacefully quiet in the car for a few beats before his daughter chirped up again, “Are you still beating up bad guys? Cause I wanna do that one day!” She jokingly started punching the air in front of her, “Pow pow pow!”
. Even though this new lifestyle sucked away his own happiness, Steve truly did love his daughter and he wasn’t going to let his emotions interfere with her upbringing.
When Tony looked up at him, his eyes were void of the resentment from before. Instead, they were replaced with strokes of a year's worth of regretful sorrow. His soft brown eyes met the burdened blue ones in front of him. Neither of them blinked for what seemed like the longest time. When Steve stole the opportunity to take a step closer, Tony quickly took one back. Brown eyes soon broke contact and went back at the sand. “We’re wasting time.” His facial expression changed and his voice went bitter.
. But he didn’t hate her.
“I’m sorry, Tony…” The tears continued sliding down his face, “ I promised them… I promised you…  I promised myself... Whatever it takes.”
. He was still Cap, just not as often as he wanted to be. He only went on local missions and tried to help out wherever he could. He couldn’t travel too far because his family needed him on weekends. He was still trying though, he was. He was trying to be
“I HAVE A DAUGHTER!” He continued hitting Steve to make him let go, but the grip tightened. Tony let out a small whimper as the pain became unbearable. Steve said nothing as the tears continued falling from his eyes.
. Saw him for the first time after Siberia.
Steve knew he wasn’t a
“You’ll never believe what happened the other day!” She exclaimed.
Steve wanted to say he missed her too, but his daughter didn’t deserve to be lied to. He broke his gaze away from Tony and stared sorrowfully down at the drive way.  “Lets go get some ice cream, yeah?”
. He hated his
Tony felt like he was suffocating. He stared tearfully down at his arc reactor trying his best to reach it, but Steve jerked him away. “NO! STEVE! LET GO OF ME!” Tony choked on his tears. He hit Steve’s arms, his chest, and he even punched him in the face, but his efforts to escape remained futile. “Steve… no… no… please… please don’t do this… we’ll find another way… ”
“What did he say?” Steve blurted. He looked at her longer than he had since he arrived at the lake house. His voice was somewhat desperate and if anything, he felt quite embarrassed.
Tony pondered on the situation for a few beats before letting his guard down. It was evident that the Red Skull wasn’t the enemy here. Tony tapped on his arc reactor and his armor swiftly returned back inside. He dropped both hands to his sides and carefully walked closer to the Red Skull. He wasn’t scared of him. “How long have you been here?” Tony asked.
Tony was about two arms lengths away as he stared at the base of the mountain. His arms were crossed defensively over his chest and he had an indignant scowl spread across his lips. When he looked back up at Steve, there were still traces of resentment evident in his dark eyes. They were cold and uninviting even more so than the planet. Steve remembered what his eyes used to look like, what his eyes used to make him feel. Before they argued, before they fought, before the video.
Steve clenched his jaw to keep himself from speaking or apologizing. As the guilt ate away at him, he forced himself to focus. He turned to the figure remaining as vigilant as possible. He had to focus on the task ahead, not Tony. They needed to get the Stone. Just the stone. That's all that mattered.
Morgan was six now and Steve was thankful. There were only twelve more years of this before she goes to college. Just twelve more years… twelve more years…
It didn’t take long for the tears to slip down Steve’s face and stain his jeans. He looked away from Morgan and wiped them with his sleeve. There was no way to bring back the past. It hurt, it hurt more than anything, but he and Tony tried. They tried to get their happy endings.
Every time he looked at him, let alone thought about him, his insides burned with the familiar infernal of betrayal. The feelings would then flow into an endless river of remorse before shifting into a bottomless sea of rage.
