Despite everything he’d been through, despite letting his emotions guide him a lot recently, Dean had always trusted his instincts more. A heavy pit in his stomach told him something was up.
Castiel went quiet, sighing and turning the thread around his fingers, his features smoothing over as he became pensive.
Dean rolled his eyes and walked past her, throwing his stuff onto the bed. Behind him, he heard Sam shake hands with Castiel and greet her quietly.
“No, I—” She tried to sit up, but paused as her stomach rolled and her torso seized. The edges of her vision blurred. “It’s nothing,” she whispered, pressing the wet cloth against her forehead and shutting her eyes.
She shifted on the spot, licking her lips. He realised, with an interested little jolt in his chest, that she was nervous.
Sam and Jack were careful to say nothing when they were finished calling their friends. When Dean was left staring at his phone, dialling and dialling and dialling the same number over again, Sam put on the TV and watched the news quietly. He and Jack only spoke to comment on how the humans on TV seemed to not realise they'd been dead, that they'd been blinked from existence.
Cas finally looked over at Dean, but the look in her eye was bitter and her mouth was turned down in the corners. “You would look down on how I took help, I’m sure, just as you look down on my job and my home and my status in general--” (Dean was going to be sick. How could she believe he thought like that?) “--but what else was I supposed to do?”
“Yes, I know,” she replied back with a clearing of her throat. Her lips pressed together and she tilted her chin up, shaking a lock of brown wave from her face. “I merely hoped he would be strong enough to fight this. He had seemed cleansed by the end. He had seemed...whole again.”
“She’s not gonna talk, and we’re running out of time. Go see what’s going on downstairs, make sure Tammy isn’t fuckin’ everything up,” the demon in Amelia sneered, ordering George and Roger away. “I’ll finish up here.”
When there was one heavy thump and the light stopped shining through Dean’s eyelids, he slowly opened his eyes.
She moaned against his jaw and her breath hitched in his ear. Dean also found himself breathing hard, entirely overwhelmed by someone else’s hands on him. It had been so long.
“Exactly where you are,” Castiel breathed, nuzzling his face into the soft patch of skin where Dean’s neck met his shoulder.
Castiel shrieked in agony as Alastair drove her own blade deep into her stomach, pinning her to the wall. Her hands came up, pressing at the wound, panting in panic as blood pooled over her hands.
“This is better than okay. I haven’t felt so good in a long time,” Dean whispered, the dim light from the corridor hugging the contours of his face. Where Castiel was angular, Dean was soft. He was rather mesmerizing.
Castiel put his own hand over his own mouth, his breath coming out hard and fast as Dean hummed around his dick, his throat fluttering around his cock.
sexual encounters.” He gestured with his head for Dean and Sam to exit the apartment. “But don’t worry, brothers. We’re all gonna get real fancy and no one will be able to tell that we’re gutter rats and peasants.”
Pamela and Sam grinned, while Bobby scowled and watched Dean shove a handful of chips into his mouth. “The only thing fragile about you is your willpower when it comes to food. Will you
“I’m leaving,” she confessed, her voice breaking in rage, her face hot and red. Through bared teeth, she revealed, “Dean, Sam, and I are taking Claire and we’re
Running to autopilot, Dean curled down close to Cas and carefully took the infant from her, which only made her look more panicked, but between the struggling and the person on the phone just an inch from Leia’s ear-rupturing screams, he figured he was being helpful. Cas seemed to realise it too, because she didn’t snatch her baby back, though she did look immediately pale at the sight of Dean holding Leia.
Dean snorted, his hand lifting to brush the tip of Castiel’s nose. "You might have an aversion to lab coats from now on, but just make sure you're not getting your jollies from people dressed like doctors, and you're good."
The iPhone’s logo appeared, disappeared, and re-appeared at an infuriatingly slow pace as it booted up. Jamie looked up, mist curling up around her face as she breathed out heavily, a definite shake to her following inhale.
, of all people, on stage…? Is this like, the most secret understudy of all time? Am I being fired?”
It was trying to pull him up, away from his rack. Dean screamed until his voice was hoarse. Kicking, punching, writhing… Resistance was futile.
Uriel’s grin dropped off his face and Castiel’s stomach plummeted somewhere down near his ankles as Hannah called out to them from the nearby path, waving and smiling. It seemed even Uriel had been joking about getting Dean’s attention, because when Hannah called his name out again, Uriel’s hand waved through the air in the universal gesture of
She grinned and her eyes flashed with amusement when Zachariah‘s head snapped to stare at her. They gazed at each other for a moment, Meg growing gleeful while the Duke turned red, cheeks coloured with humiliation and angry.
“It’s okay,” he whispered, flashing her a smile. “You just had a little fit, okay? It’s just stress, it’s probably just the stress, but you’re a tough girl, you powered through.”
Despite knowing better, Castiel yanked at her arms in the restraints. The warding clearly was restricting her power; she couldn’t feel a single spark of grace inside her. As a matter of fact, she felt...almost
Confused as to who was lurking outside his doorway so late on a Sunday, Castiel lowered his phone to his side and crept over to the door, pressing his ear to the wood.
After tugging at a thread from his blanket for long enough for Jack to get annoyed and start snapping at it, Castiel got up, throwing the blanket over the dog, whose tail wagged like crazy from under the edge. He dragged his feet across his lonely apartment, where he was hanging out by himself. Again.
“I know Sam and Dean,” Anna replied, smiling a bit at Dean, dragging her sleeves under her eyes. “I know I feel safe with them. They save people. Ruby, too.”
“Fuck,” he growled, then turned on his heel and ran. His boots thundered up the steps and he slid onto the landing. In his duffle upstairs he had iron, salt, and the whole nine yards. If he could just make it there—
Castiel stepped back, shaking his head as Dean went back to fiddling with the copier. He was working too much overtime, he was exhausted. Thinking about fucking your coworker when they were right there? It was wrong.
Dean turned back to Castiel, ready to shoot her right in the head, when Sam got to his feet and asked breathlessly, red with anger, “What did you do to him?!”
To add to Dean’s shock, he spotted Castiel walking into the room, her scandalous previous state of dress nowhere to be been. Instead, she looked shockingly like an average woman, dress in a modest blouse tucked into a dark brown skirt that tumbled down to the floor, held up by a black leather belt. On her feet, instead of painful looking stilettos, she wore black boots that poked out under the hem of the skirt as she walked. On her hip, she carried a little girl with golden hair, and she spoke softly to her, inspiring giggles in the child before handing her over to Jody, who was waiting with an open arm.
When the angel turned around, Casrtiel felt another spike of fear. She knew she was an angel; she could see the glow of her grace through the translucent flesh of her vessel, but for the first time ever, Castiel did not recognize this angel.
“He’s just, uh…” Again, Sam shrugged. “Not interested in long-term stuff, I guess? Not really his thing. Besides, he’s got issues. I mean, other stuff to worry about.”
Anna shook her head, still approaching slowly, her face still contorted in disbelief. “Sister, please. Stop. You
“Lube?” Dean asked in surprise, throwing his balled-up button up shirt over his shoulders and beginning to undo his jeans. “I mean, yeah, duh, I have a bottle in my pocket, ‘cause I was kinda banking on us fucking in the hotel later, but, dude, a little foreplay, no?”
is a Bloody Mary,” Uriel countered, pointing and raising his dark eyebrows at her. “You can pour as much clam water and pickle juice as you want in there, girl, but it’s a damn Bloody Mary.”
“You can sit up front in my car, Dean.” Turning around and walking backwards, Naomi held out her keys. “Castiel can drive.”
“Some time mid-September,” Anna said weakly. “I only remember because it had been my mom’s birthday. She’d turned fifty…”
“I’ll catch up, I still have to label,” Daphne said quickly, obviously wanting Meg to shut up and go. “I’m just gonna let him go and then meet you.”
“If she offers to lick your other fork in private,” Pam said, “give us a thumbs up or something so we know that we can stab her.”
“A cht-what?” Dean asked eloquently, blinking and leaning forward, thoroughly confused. “I’ve never heard of that. My dad never wrote anything about that in his journal.”
Sam shook his head, his puppy dog eyes shadowed under furrowed brows. “Actually, you’re far past panic, Dean. Panic was when you had to pull over this morning because a cop was following us for too long and you thought we were going to jail.”
The excitement of this revelation had Castiel almost working on autopilot, licking at his hand and pushing his pant downs just enough to free his cock. He started stroking himself, chin tilted back and eyes sliding closed. It felt insanely satisfying to touch himself again, to drag his hand up his shaft with the
The hand dragging its fingernails up over his arm quickly snapped up and Castiel clapped her hand over his mouth just in time to stop him as she came. Their eyes met were locked, blue to green as they orgasmed together, Dean pumping hot come into her as she shook around him, her shoulders jerking off the floor, and their hands squeezing.
Cas kicked his captor in the stomach and sat up swiftly, jumping off the table as he was afforded the space. Dean jumped back into gear as well, taking the brief moment where the angel at the door glanced back at Beatrice, who was sprawled on her back on the floor.
So, while he’d spent days upon days working through the stages of grief, finally he landed on acceptance; he may be stuck in Heaven forever if he simply waited for rescue. If Dean and Sam couldn't get through from the other side, Castiel would have to open and pass through the gates himself.
“I know,” Dean said quickly, watching the shadows move behind the foggy glass partition. “Listen, I don’t have time. There was a guy who was released from here early this morning. His name is Inias Milton. If your hacker buddy could’ve traced my call from here, d’you think he could track Inias down?”
Dean chuckled bitterly. “Man, it took me a while, with Cassie, y’know. She was this girl I was totally smitten with when I was younger. Had to straight up leave her behind.” Dean made a pushing gesture with his hand, while he shook his head sorely. “Had to ride off. It was the only way...to just never see her again.”
“You’re probably exhausted,” Dean said loudly, turning from her and walking towards the door. “I changed the sheets, so they’re all turned down and stuff. If you want me to put a TV in there--Kevin’s--tell me now before Kevin comes back someday soon and demands it back--whoa.”
He yanked his head up and the artery he’d cut squirted him in the neck, though the pressure was fading and when he dropped the demon’s body onto the floor, she rolled on her side and the blood dripped weakly over the spray paint.
And with one final push of power, the last of it erupting from the palms of their hands, the Winchesters squeezed their fingers together into fists again.
“I think,” Castiel spoke over him, her voice stern, “you haven’t thought everything through. You’re being reckless, while I am
Dean slung his dry-cleaning over his shoulder and grinned. “So does that mean you’ll go get that cherry pie from the diner this morning while I shower? ‘Cause I’m not lying, it was the best thing I’ve ever tasted in my life.”
Naomi, his closest friend since college, scoffed into the phone, her tone judgemental. “You’re thirty-four years old, what exactly is there at a music festival that would be of interest to you other than millennials on acid?”
“If Claire’s continuous questioning of ‘remember that one time that bad man stabbed you’ over dinner every other night hasn’t stressed you out, I imagine the baby will be fine. Besides, it’s a Winchester, it can handle some bad humour and a little stress.”
Of course she’d tried to make it seem like he was the bad guy. Swallowed in a blast-wave of anger, Castiel didn’t reply at first. He stayed silent, and at his sides his nails left semi-circles in his palms.
“Thought we were getting some shut eye?” Chuck rasped, rubbing at his face. “Can we get breakfast first?”
Covered in oil, hair sticking to her face and neck, her skin shining, her clothing stained and drenched, Anna stared up at Zachariah from the floor. She was still, but her shoulders and chest heaved as she breathed quickly, her eyes aflame with hatred and righteous fury. “Why don’t you just kill me now, then?” she asked through her teeth.
She did not want Steve to let her know if he needed anything else. She was done in fifteen minutes. If Steve called again, that was potentially another fifteen minutes on top of that, and she really didn’t want to stay late on a Friday when a few cigarettes and a stiff drink at the club were waiting for her later.
“What’s keeping you at the office so late?” Dean piped up, pulling their conversation from the mud and shaking it out. “I always notice you clockin’ in lots of overtime.”
“Benny!” Dean cried out again, struggling to get up. But this time, he was yanked to his feet and thrust against the dark red brick wall of the clinic.
“That’s it.” Dean ran his finger over her nose and over her brow softly, his mouth twitching into a smile. “Can’t be crying when you’re all grown up and about to lead the rebel army, baby girl. You got stuff to do, storm troopers to kick in the face.”
Cas took a moment to inhale deeply, and he raised his hand to rub at his stomach before he carried on loudly, brows raised and eyes diverted to the table. “Human prayers for love, for companionship were always particularly heavy around this time. It was our cupids’ busiest time of year. However, I suspect, with no Heavenly Host to provide guidance, we may indeed have a rogue running amok.”
It was difficult to pay attention to the road, when Cas was taking out each bag of candy he’d bought and setting it on her thighs, opening each one, filling the car with the scent of artificial fruit and sugar.
Sam rolled his eyes but the bitch face faltered as he climbed up the steps and Dean clapped him on the back. “I’m
Dean stood a ways behind Sam and immediately felt his heart sink as she turned her gaze on him. Dean smiled but knew he wouldn’t have the effect on her that Sam did. Sam hadn’t confessed his feelings for her, had sex with her only to throw her out the next day. Sam hadn’t broken her spirit. Dean was solely responsible for that, and he was solely deserving of the cold gaze Cas was fixing on him. Her jaw tightened as she stared at him, her eyes boring into his almost unblinking, like when she’d been an angel. The intensity and dislike on her face hurt worse than when she’d worked with Crowley behind their back, or broke Sam’s wall, or married some creepy dude that found her washed up on a lake-side.
Seven hours later, Sam had gone through eleven of EllenOfOz’s stories—or rather, fanfictions. That was what Becky had called them when she’d replied to his email.
Castiel stepped away, breaking the hug but warmed by Dean’s hands as they stayed connected, his palms pressed to Castiel’s sides.
“Pay me?” Castiel asked her eyes wide. They looked unfairly blue above the rich blue tie that laid stark in contrast over her white blouse.
“What are you doing?” Castiel demanded in a woosh of breath, looking down through the messy waves of hair down her front to watch her blood pool into the container. It didn't go unnoticed how Uriel’s hand dragged up her thigh as he stood up, faces inches from hers.
Hannah huffed, looking between them all, “Well, you’ve got another thing coming if you think they’re gonna run away from the Duke without me and Claire. One, I won’t have it, and two, Castiel
“I’m just very alone,” she breathed wetly, her eyes shining. And he knew that she was being sincere—even in her darkest moments, Naomi did
The bell above the Gas-n’-Sip’s door jingled and Jamie looked over her shoulder from her perch on the Impala’s front bumper. Dean exited the gas station and shook some bags in the air.
important,” Castiel interrupted angrily, glancing at Ishim before returning his gaze to Gadreel. “Tell us why you’ve ran. Give me a reason why I should not bury a sigiled bullet in your empty skull, traitor.”
As soon as the glass shattered at the feet of a couple of angels did Dean realize that the contents must’ve been holy oil, because the angels caught in the explosion shrieked and Dean watched them burn, their bodies seeming to burst in a flash of blinding light. The second Dean could look up again, a few angels were retreating, disappearing in clouds of white smoke, and the masked group was piling into cars, a few of them rushing forward to gather the wounded.
Sam walked into the kitchen with Ruby in tow, swinging his duffle down onto the kitchen table and beginning to unpack. Bobby jutted his thumb over his shoulder and grumbled, “Pam’s upstairs gettin’ the room all sorted. I’ve been lookin’ up those angel wardings. Can’t find anything ‘bout ‘em yet, but I still got a few tomes in the basement in storage. Got ‘em from the old church on Main St. when it was bulldozed to make condos—”
As Castiel stared around the room, eyes narrowed like he was suspicious of every toddler in the place, he asked gruffly, “Do you know of any reason someone would want to kill your sister?”
“They came and took all your things,” Cas explained in a hushed voice from across the table. His blue eyes were wide, surrounded by white, the blue clear as crystal as Cas’ eyes shone with fear. His fork hovered between his mouth and plate, just in case a guard passed and he had to look busy. Dean watched Cas’ Adam’s apple bob and his eyes search his face. Dean’s throat seemed to constrict further and further, the more frightened that Cas looked.
She’d been the one to get Daphne transferred, they realised that morning, when Cas showed up at the dairy farm to find a new milker sitting on the stool at his usual station.
Moving onto her face again, Castiel paused to press powder over her lips before she coughed a bit and waved the little cloud of light peach away from her mouth. “She is our landlord, Dean, but she owns many other properties in New York. Heaven is her least successful one these days, she hardly spends time here anymore. She did used to be here almost always before, years ago when… Well, nevermind about that. The point is, you will have to wait until tomorrow night to grace me with your charitable orgasms.”
“I guess I should go wake her up, though,” he went on, his brows raising on his forehead thoughtfully. “I told her I’d take her today to go buy some new shit like clothes and personal stuff. I figure she should have her own shower gel and stuff. Not ‘cause I care if she smells like Old Spice, y’know?” he added, remembering how Cas was feeling pressure to succumb to social norms. “But I figure she should at least be able to pick her own shit. Oh, and do you mind helping me move that ancient TV from Kevin’s room into Cas’? Kevin doesn’t need it, he has his own laptop when he’s here--”
The entire way back to their bunk, Castiel made no noise but a few sniffles, eyes downturned, avoiding Dean’s watchful eye. He knew as soon as Dean asked him if he was okay, the dam would break.
Lube poured from the bottle, even from a height like that and landed exactly where they both wanted. Dean and Castiel groaned as lubricant—warm from being held in Dean’s hand for as long as it took to tongue-fuck the ever-living-hell out of Castiel’s ass—waterfalled over their cocks and dribbled down over Castiel’s asshole. Dean’s fingers joined in, smearing it generously.
Naomi’s ponytail flopped through the air as she peered over her shoulder with a confused scowl, her brows furrowing behind her aviators. “Destiny’s Child? Didn’t one of them die?”
“Couldn’t’ve been that bad. Taught me how to shoot a gun, after all,” Sam retorted with a snort as he led them forward, around a corner, following Hannah around a corner.
Castiel looked away from the television over at Dean, who was staring into a cardboard takeout box and picking at the insides with chopsticks. “What’s wrong?” Castiel asked, his eyebrows knitting together. “Do you not like—”
“Ignore him,” Dean said with a disapproving glance at his employee as he rooted around in a box under the table. “Kevin is annoyed that he’s missing Calvin Harris so I can get one damn hour off today.”
Eventually, he had splashed water on his face and joined his friends again, his heavy, red eyes looking around the room for the head of messy hair and a flash of the beige coat.
“You are in danger,” Uriel said sharply. “You must vacate this area. Drive at least two towns over.”
Between his bow-legged knees, Dean was picking at the paper wrapper around his beer. The hinge of his jaw jumped as Dean rolled his tongue in his mouth, rotating his jaw like he had been punched.
Dean rolled his eyes but did proceed forward, comforted to hear Sam’s footsteps follow closely. The boys reached the center of the cave and turned in opposite directions, going back-to-back as they stared around the cavern, their lights slowly moving over empty, dried out pods and fresh ones that glistened.
But Dean cried out and yanked his hand away, breaking into a run. He clapped his hands to his ears and grunted in pain as his eyes burned.
“I know, sweet Castiel,” the cupid whispered, his hand coming up to press into his own chest, his eyes shining. His face displayed nothing but empathy, his expression twisted in shared agony. “I know how you’re feeling, I know how it torments you. I can see how broken it makes you. It’s why you’ve been sick. My presence, it amplifies the power of the arrow. Yours, it’s...rusted, burned. You’ve been denying it for a long time. But Castiel, I’m sorry, I cannot take yours out.”
And Naomi was right; he’d known he was alone. Deep, in the darkest corners of his soul, in the shadows he tried to shove aside with misplaced, misguided blind hope, he’d known they were gone. Dead.
“I promise,” Jamie said quickly, waving her fingers vaguely at her niece, a tight smile spreading across her face. “I promise, baby girl. I won’t leave without telling you first.”
“You fix those errors, Castiel,” Zachariah said coldly, his buggy eyes squinting. “I won’t have mistakes happening during this upload. This client
“Fuck your ribs,” Dean barked at him, before snatching up his wallet and shoving the credit card into it. Pushing his way out of the check-in office, he threw his hands up at a waiting Chuck and Sam.
“As usual, Sam, you’re watching too many serial killer documentaries. It’s kinda weird how obsessed you are with that crap. Why can’t you just watch
“None of the words you just said included ‘sample’, ‘session’, or ‘civic duty’. You didn’t say ‘torture’, or ‘pain’, or ‘shame’, or ‘humiliation’.” Dean’s green eyes flickered up, his finger uncurling so the tip of it retraced the trail his knuckle had made over Castiel’s skin. “What they're doing to us is fucked up, but just remember that being touched by someone else doesn't feel like it does in The Facility. Sex, fucking, making love, whatever; it doesn't hurt, it's not cruel. 99% of the time, when people touch you, it's not to hurt you. Not out there in the real world." Dean paused, swallowing, his throat bobbing. “Not in this cell, with me.”
Anna let go of his hand and she gestured back towards the house, sliding off the hood. “I could go ask Sam if you want…?”
It had been frightening, to say the least. Dean’s face as he’d drank from Samhain? It had been disturbing; his eyes were closed, his face flushed under the horrific streaks of blood, and he’d been breathing hard, intoxicated by it. His knuckles had been white around Samhain’s wrist. And the way Samhain was looking at him? Calm, watchful...loving?
Dean scowled, shrugging with disbelief. “Because he’s a tyrant and he’s domineering. He’s not interested in Heaven, he’s interested in control.”
Embarrassed to be caught watching, Dean raised a hand to wave casually as Cas nodded at him and began walking over, his boots crunching in the dried dirt and dusting of snow that'd fallen overnight.
No one agreed with him. When he looked up, Mary was swallowing heavily and blinking quickly. John stared at Dean, face unreadable.
“Maybe you should ask her to stay?” Sam suggested. Dean was so thrown and skeptical of the comment that he pulled his eyes away from Cas to scowl at his brother. Sam shrugged. “What? Having an angel on the team might not be that bad.”
“I’m forgiving you, but I’m still mad,” Sam said suddenly, breaking Dean’s internal whirlpool of self-hatred. When Dean looked up, Sam was staring at him, and he shrugged his broad, plaid-wearing shoulders. “You’re an idiot, and what you did was really, really wrong. But I get why you did it.”
Castiel jumped a foot in the air when Both Dumah and Rachel grabbed him by the arms, jerking him up out of his seat.
Sam’s cheeks dimpled as he smiled and nodded. “Yeah, we are. I’m really sorry, Cas. I feel like an ass. I thought you knew—”
Sam seemed to jerk out of his content observation of Dean and Lee’s reunion, his face falling. “Adam?”
Dean scowled at her and crossed his arms across his chest. Unimpressed at the sex show taking place not two feet away, he narrowed his eyes at her and mouthed, “
Dean lowered her leg carefully, his body trembling, and he leaned heavily on his elbows as to not crush her.
for Heaven, when they’ve been apparently watching us for our whole lives and just, like, let us suffer? Our mom is dead, our dad is dead, and where were they? Just flapping around, being useless-as-fuck. Me? Helping Heaven? Hard pass.”
“It’s because I love you,” Castiel sobbed, lifting his head, his lips splitting into a large smile, his eyes twinkling. “I did all of it for you.”
“Oh, his heart is beating so fast!” she squealed with glee, her white eyes glittering happily. “And the little noises you make when you’re scared! They’re delightful, Dean.”
“I demand that she be taken out of handcuffs at once!” Balthazar barked, spit flying in the police chief's face. “This is a farce!”
“I’m glad I could inspire you then. I’ll make sure to note,” he breathed against her lips, “that to get the creative juices flowing, I just had to lick away at the cold exterior, it seems.”
Castiel pulled the phone from his ear to roll his eyes, momentarily forgetting she couldn’t see him. Sure, he loved her but he certainly understood why Naomi didn’t have many friends either.
echoed from the giant speakers on their side of the stage. The band hadn’t bothered to greet the crowd, rather ramping up the excitement by playing arguably their biggest hit, and of course, Dean and Castiel’s song.
Castiel yanked at the restraints that held her own hands above her head in the same manner as the demon, and when it didn’t work, she released a growl of frustration. She’d been hanging for hours, her grace damped and extinguished by whatever sigils were etched into the bindings.
Dean felt the familiar burn behind his eyes that followed him around everywhere, but as suddenly as it appeared the feeling vanished, leaving him even more tired than he already was.
Claire could be taken care of. She could be at Castiel’s side, hers to raise, even if it was with the Duke. Claire would be fed, and clothed, and never left wanting for anything.
Castiel audibly groaned his appreciation at the vision of Dean’s freckled chest and he ran his hands down his skin reverently. His fingertips brushed nipples and ran down the warm, soft skin of Dean’s stomach before they both jumped—Jack had chosen that moment to pounce on Dean’s discarded shirt and growl, shaking it around and throwing it into the air.
“Well, that’s not acting,” Dean murmured, knocking Cas with his shoulder and winking, “you’re already an angel.”
Dean cleared his throat and nodded. “Yeah,” was all he managed to say as he stepped aside and let her in.
“You haven’t done nearly enough licking yet,” Castiel replied, searching Dean’s eyes, noting the mischievous glint in them.
On the other side of the curtain, the scene ended and the crowd clapped loudly. Zachariah smirked and said, “Raphael will just take him out to the alley where he belongs, and bury a bullet into his brain. The bloody writer will be put down like the flea-ridden street dog he is. Needless to say, he won’t be missed.”
that her universe-bending powers were limited by her size. “Her will pulled me from the Empty, like I pulled Castiel out a few years ago. But she needed
“I’ll get the gasoline from the car. Just do me a favour while I’m gone;” Dean said, his jaw set, his eyes narrowed. “Make it quick for them.”
But it became abundantly clear what she was doing. Cas slid hands up his shoulders, curling around his neck, before they came to a stop on his face. She stepped forward in almost a stumble and pressed her lips to his.
“Dean,” Cas said, tugging his hands from his pockets and walking slowly down the stairs, his eyes glittering. “I heard you had arrived.”
!” Dean grumbled at Sam, after his little brother punched him in the arm. Turning back to Bobby, Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, nevermind. Everyone’s still a bit touchy-touchy about the seventeen hour drive.”
Still, years of being with her made his mouth open on autopilot and he felt the tips of her cool fingers against his lips as she put the pill on his tongue. Her hands were so soft and gentle as she supported his chin and put the small cup of cloudy liquid in his mouth to help wash it down. He choked a bit, and a rivulet of water ran out of the corner of his mouth. One gloved finger wiped it away gently, making him want to scream.
“Okay, Charlie. I’ll listen to your writer’s pitch, but we’ll have to set up a meeting,” Castiel said, pulling her wrist from Charlie’s grasp and walking backward towards the stage. “Understand that my objective tonight is to get the investor interested. But...I’ll find a time to talk to your writer
With a chuckle of surprise, Uriel shook his head, “No, Sam. If we used you for this purpose, there was no guarantee that Dean would choose to save you.” Dean looked up, a jolt of indignation and surprise jerking up his middle. But Uriel carried on, bored, “It was Anna or…”
Castiel’s face was unreadable and controlled, but she stepped towards him slowly, like she was giving him a chance to back out, and stepped one-hundred percent into his personal space. She looked up at him with eyes that looked curious, and then two cool hands pressed against Dean’s hot face. Her fingers slid into his hair and before he could completely understand what was happening, her lips were on his, pressed firmly, but softly.
He was sure there was some sort of deeper meaning to his penchant for a little bit of rough-housing and man-handling in his sex life. He was sure there was something there about him feeling like he deserved to be hurt a little for his sins, but he was too busy having a cock shoved into his tight ass to care much, or to ponder the deeper side of himself.
But Castiel swept out from the theatre, fumbling to take off her heavy, swinging earrings from her ears with shaking hands. She disappeared through the side curtains towards backstage, sweeping away to her dressing room with tears in her eyes.
Castiel glanced up at Dean, his eyes dragging down his body, too, and he felt his mouth go dry. Dean was tall and had nice, broad shoulders. He was muscled, but only softly, and he leaned against the couch casually. He had his hands in his jeans pockets, and his red button up was open over a white t-shirt. He was quite handsome…
Dean stared at the text message until the phone screen went black, throwing him into complete darkness under his bed sheets. The tone that had started out so light between them took a sharp turn south...as usual.
“We’re gonna try. Inias Milton.” A pen could be heard scratching on paper. Dean could practically imagine Sam leaned over his kitchen counter, scribbling this on a sticky note. “Dean, just hang on. We’re gonna track down this Inias guy. We’ll find out where he was released from, and I’m gonna find a way to get you out—”
Naomi was still going. “...he’s toying with you, Castiel. I don’t want to see you get hurt, but I feel like you’re putting more into this than he is with you. Don’t you see—”
Hannah leaned across Castiel’s face and glared at Meg. “This is not about you! How can you be so selfish?”
Dean took in the shoes on the floor, and a bin of laundry still unfolded on the couch. He smiled a bit, imaging Cas sitting in front of the TV, folding laundry like a regular old boring human. Dean walked through the kitchen, even though Cas made a noise of annoyance behind him.
“Don’t touch me,” Cas rasped, jerking his hands away when he felt her cool fingers on his wrists. He opened his eyes, damp lashes pulling apart, only to see her holding back tears of her own and presenting him with a pill.
“But,” Castiel went on, after Dean’s reverie filled an entire minute with silence and a heavy, emotional gaze that neither of them broke, “tonight you said people that love me will love me without my powers.” Dean held his breath, and his heart fluttered in his chest. Castiel smiled a bit and asked quietly, “Right?”
“Not funny,” Sam replied, glancing over his shoulder as he led Dean under the stairs, towards a heavy iron door Dean hadn’t ever noticed before. “He’s just worried, Dean. We’re all worried. You seem fine but, well, you were gone for 6 months down there. I—We—can’t imagine what you’ve gone through. Six whole months,” Sam breathed, shaking his head as he lugged open the big door and gestured for Dean to go inside. “Honestly, I think we’re surprised you’re not more...um…”
She was definitely going crazy, because when Castiel walked over and their giant form took up her entire field of vision, she wasn’t scared. They rested their huge hand on the side of her face and smiled.
His friend’s slurp was louder than she’d normally do, but eventually she took a large gulp and winced. Castiel sat in silence until she swallowed and pressed a napkin to her mouth.
Dean knocked on the desk and nodded at Kevin, who glanced up at him and smiled. “How’re you liking Heaven?” Kevin asked, shaking his head a bit. He licked his finger and continued to count. “It’s sure something, huh?”
“We’ve told some of our story. Your turn,” Hannah said to the boys, putting her bag beside Castiel’s before she rummaged through the large fridge and began handing out water bottles to everyone.
He wasn’t sure what else to tell her. Dean threw his hands up on either side of him and he made a noise of disbelief.
Uriel grinned, his shoulders shaking with mirth. “Not as stupid as you look, Castiel. I’ll give you that. Duma was right; you really
Dean pulled a hand from his pocket and pointed it at her. “No, I wouldn’t. I’d doubt those bullshit orders, and I’d find another way. And this don’t seem like ‘greater good’. It seems like ‘greater bullshit’. Cas, give Anna a chance to save herself. Where is her grace?”
The warmth in Castiel’s chest chilled quickly and even under the blaring sun, his fingers were cold with embarrassment. Still, after a few awkward moments, unsure what to say, Castiel blurted out in a stammer, “I-I’m sorry. My parents are dead, so…I understand.”
“I’m sorry that I startled you,” she said, tilting her head, shifting in the seat to face him. He glanced over at her again and noticed her eyes sweeping his face. “You look well. Although your emotions are loud today. Are you all right?”
“You have so much going on. I knew not everything was rosy, but you have your friends, and your store.”
“Shut up before we all get uninvited to the wedding!” Uriel snapped. “I’ve never been a best man before, and I’ll be damned if you take that away from me, Bradbury.”
Sam pointed at himself. “Vessels for Lucifer,” and he pointed at his brother, “and Michael, the archangel.”
He sat up and looked over the back of Chuck’s couch. Lilith, in some poor woman’s body, raised a hand and wiggled her fingers at him.
“That’s right,” Castiel agreed, his voice thick as he pushed the last of his food into his mouth and chewed inside his cheek. “You just moved to the area, by Heaven, you said.”
They stopped and exchanged looks, then a twin set of blades dropped from each of their hands, siding into their palms in sync
“That’s fine.” Dean’s eyes went crinkly in the corners—God, he was pretty. “I only need you to go on dates with me, so no problemo, Cas.”
Slowly, not daring to break eye contact, she reached up, wrapped her fingers around the lapels and pulled the coat open. It slid down her shoulders and fell into a bunched puddle around her curvy waist and strong, muscled thighs.
“I prayed,” Sam answered, shrugging. He blushed. “When two hours passed and we were getting nowhere, I prayed for her. She didn’t come. At least, not right away. There were like three minutes left until our time was up, then she showed up and took down the ghost.”
Very shortly after he returned from the examination process, his roommate was dropped off at the cell too. He looked almost grey from pain and he limped a bit over to his bed, groaning as he lifted himself up onto his bunk.
She did not. “Is it more likely that he’s so head over heels in love with you that he wants to hide you from everyone, make no acknowledgement that he even
Pushing down the fear, and shoving aside the small voice in his head telling him he was not what Dean wanted, that he was nothing, Castiel made three quick strides and gripped Dean by the shoulder, turning him around.
Dean felt Sam’s hand between his shoulder blades and drew a little bit of comfort from that. But he drew most of his comfort from the resolve in Castiel’s eyes.
"DON'T!" Dean surged to his feet and slammed his hands down on the table. His phone rattled across the surface and Cas' voicemail picked up, quiet and tinny from the device.
For an all-powerful, ethereal, omnipotent God, Jack seemed meek as he called out, “You’re a bit too drunk to drive. I’ll...have to take your keys.”
Castiel turned his head away from Uriel’s low praise uttered to Sophia as her appendage slid easily into Castiel--he felt a twist of guilt and humiliation as he realized it didn’t hurt, that it felt...good. A depraved and sick side effect of being in heat. He didn’t want to like it, but this heat, this forced compliance felt like a betrayal.
Chuck stared at him, and then he whispered, “I don’t think there was ever a prophecy, Sam. At least, not to this extent. At some point, there was a prophecy about you both, about your status as vessels; your parents had to meet to create you both, but this whole prophecy about you saving the world with Heaven on your side? It was bullshit made up by Zachariah, and Uriel, and whoever else up there that wants game over down here.”
She lowered his arms to his lap and raised her hands to his face, her warm palms cradling his jaw. Her eyes softened. “Yes, you’ve told me before,” she said fondly. “Many times.”
Castiel didn’t know much about Tool, only that they had been quite popular when he was a teenager, but he could sing along to the well-known songs and it was endlessly amusing to see a cheerful, upbeat Dean sing along to every lyric like he’d written them himself. That carried Castiel through the show to some degree, but what really sealed the deal for him was Dean’s arm around his shoulders. It’d slipped there at some point, the leather pressed to the warm skin of the nape of his neck, and really, that’s all it had taken to keep Castiel smiling into the top of his drink the whole night.
Swallowing, Dean snorted and wiped at his mouth with a scrunched up napkin. “Oh, she sent me to the nurse’s office. Threw a ball at my face and reminded me why braces suck so much.”
“Oh, Sam,” Zachariah laughed, waving his hand. “Don’t worry about that. I’ve got troops on the ground working on it. That seal is small fries.”
Castiel got to work, eager to have an excuse to press the front of his jeans against the Impala, to hide his arousal from Dean. He leaned over the hood and began rubbing the bubbly sponge over the sleek black metal. He wasn’t sure what he was cleaning—she seemed immaculate—but he did as he was told and glanced up at Dean to mimic his movements.
Her words. Zachariah's threats. They all left him feeling a chill that settled deep inside him. As Naomi got to her feet, wafting behind her the scent of cold steel, she clicked her fingers and the double doors behind Castiel swung open. Two angels stood in the dark flickering hallway of grey cement, and wordlessly, they took Castiel by either arm, jerking him to his feet.
“Yes! YES! Thank you, Dean.” Charlie hopped on the spot and clapped her hands together. “Okay, you’ll have to convince Balthazar that your idea is worth even listening to, but he’s, well, he’s a busy man—”
Castiel could not leave her. He would sooner rip out his own heart, because if he left her behind, what use would that aching heart be?
Cas’ cock was soft, but that wasn’t what stopped Dean. What stopped him was the lack of the more familiar anatomy. The way his hand had dragged over slick, thick wetness… The way his hand had kept sliding back and brushed through smooth folds and…
you come in here with that fire in you?” Castiel snarled, snatching up her beige robe from the bed and jerking it over her arms. “I thought I wanted you before, but
“The window is open, Cas,” Sam said in the same careful tone, his eyes flickering to it. “It’s pretty chilly out, it looks like it’s some time in autumn—”
“Perhaps,” Castiel went on faintly, looking as if he hadn’t heard a word Dean said. “Perhaps Andi knew? Maybe they all did.” Finally he raised his red eyes and Castiel’s gaze shattered Dean’s heart to pieces. “Maybe they followed me down here because they knew.”
“So, we’re done here?” Sam asked as he shoved his blade into the duffle bag on his bed. Castiel noticed he was purposefully avoiding eye contact. Sam cleared his throat and said, “Apart from the dead guy on the carpet and the ash everywhere.”
Sam and Dean laughed, and Mary’s lips split into a brilliant smile as she gazed lovingly at her husband.
The bathroom door opened and Cas stepped out in a black t-shirt, blue jeans, and a fresh towel rubbing at his hair. His skin was clean and even-toned. His eyes were their regular blue. He looked fresh.
Dean found himself laughing, unsure how to answer. Hoarsely, he admitted, “I’ve kind of fantasized about a time when I loved you and you loved me back, but that’s always as far as I got. I never thought I’d make it to paradise. I never knew what came after.”
“Have you tried it?” she asked, gracing him with a slight turn of her face towards him, her eyes—fuck were they ever blue, even in the night—sweeping over his face. He couldn’t read her.
“Pull yourself together,” Dean rasped to himself out loud, shaking his head, even though it made his headache worsen into a splitting pain. He rubbed his face and cleared his throat, blinking away water as he got on task.
Castiel took Cas’ hands into his own—again, they were identical. Dean felt like he was watching a fucked up version of The Parent Trap. But as soon as Castiel’s fingertips touched the cuffs around Cas’ wrists, there was a loud
Naomi continued on, gently petting her hair, her blue eyes shadowed under furrowed brows. “Of this torture room you will remember pain and you will know you’ve been punished, although of me you will remember nothing. I do guarantee, however, that you will leave with a sense of obedience.”
Bobby’s living room did eventually get cleaned up, and they could walk around without fear of stepping on glass or ceramic. Still, half of Bobby’s plates had found their eternal resting place at the bottom of the garbage can, and soon a landfill somewhere near the city.
“Castiel? What happened?” she whispered, throwing her arms around her friend, who accepted the hug willingly.
She pulled back and shrugged, laughing a bit to diffuse the tension. “I spend too much time around you, that’s why.”
Before anyone could prepare for it, Dean saw Anna over Cas’ shoulder, covered in blood, her hands and arms slick and red with it. She swung her hand down and clapped it over a sigil she’d drawn on the mirror.
They barrelled into an adjacent, garbage-filled alleyway between a ramshackle video store and what looked to be a strip club.
Jamie shrugged. “I’m a single girl now, Dean. Dead husbands will do that to you. And Cas is...well, she’s
The line of Uriel’s shoulder was hard, and he was silent. Then, in a furious bark, he said, “You're a fool, Castiel.”
“Family,” Dean added, and his eyes flickered up to where Meg was leading Claire back to them, the small girl babbling and bouncing with excitement.
Jimmy and Jamie cried out, protesting as the demon yanked open the closet and grabbed Claire, who tried to scramble away. She clawed and kicked—beside Jamie, Jimmy started towards her, crying out her name, but Roger grabbed him and kicked the back of his knees, sending Jimmy face-first into the ground.
“NO!” Castiel screamed, her weak voice sounding like it was tearing as desperation overtook her, as it was overtaking them all. Even Anna was shaking. “Dean,
Dean watched his dad and brother share an amused look, his heart warmed. Seeing his mom and dad happy together was one thing, but it was a whole other thing for Sam and John to enjoy each other’s company.
“G-Guess that means I can stay?” Chuck asked, his knees knocking together, his voice coming out in a wheeze. “I can stay home.”
Sophia was staring down at the baby as it slept on its small pillow. The angel tilted her head at the baby as if examining a curious amoeba under a microscope. Nothing on her face expressed love or even fondness, just cold examination.
But he’d been warned, and that’s where he was torn. Everyone who knew her had warned him that she didn’t fall in love. She didn’t involve herself with anyone, she wasn’t emotional, and she didn’t have time for relationships. He had heard it right from her mouth and still hadn’t believed it. Even when he swore to stop saying he loved her, and promised to try and stifle his emotions, he’d hoped in the back of his mind that she’d change, that she’d fall in love with him.
“How could you think this was something real?” she laughed. “I told you when we first met, Dean. It is my job to make men believe that I love them. Why would you think you were any different?”
Quietly, he reached out and took her hand, tugging her out of the darkness. When she blinked at him with those big confused eyes, Dean rolled his at her. “Oh, quit it with the self-sacrifice-BS. They’re already chasing us and I can’t stand that weepy look on your face.”
"It won't matter in a minute." Uriel's pace quickened over the rubble and Dean grunted, lifting a weak, trembling hand, a pathetic attempt to defend himself. "We'll kill him. His extermination is long overdue. I've had enough of his irksome presence, he's served his purp—"
“I smell bullshit,” Dean whispered, leaning in close to Cas as his eyes swept the room, narrowing a bit as he watched the guards patrolling and leaning up against the walls by the doors.
Dean nodded and started to head towards the Impala, but then he stopped, patting at his jeans. His face drained of colour and he felt cold. “Shit. They’re inside, on the table. I—”
Cas’ eyes were wide and she took on a desperate expression that Dean hadn’t ever seen on her face. It was despair, panic, and pain. Her eyes were blue and bright even in the dark orange flicker of the flames that threw shadows rippling over her face.
Dean made sure, as he moved down her body—leaving wet, firm kisses down her neck, collarbone, and then sternum—to linger over the place where Alastair had driven her own blade through her stomach. His nose brushed the spot and lips pressed gently. She was healed, of course, the skin smooth and unmarred, but he knew it meant something that she understood, because her fingers danced over his jaw as her did so, caressing gratefully.
With that, they flew away, taking Cas with them, but leaving droplets of her blood on the ground. Sam walked up behind him and rested a hand on Dean’s shoulder as Dean rubbed at his eyes.
Without preamble, Dean wrapped his forearm under Castiel’s thigh, fingers grabbing his hips, and held him close with the other arm. Castiel, understanding now what he could do to help, reached down between them and guided Dean’s penis to where they both wanted it to go.
“What is—” Zachariah was cut off mid-sentence when Castiel cupped his cock the way she’d cupped Dean’s only minutes earlier.
if that’s what it takes, but just tell me where this place is, where I’m going, and...God, Cas, tell me you’re not dead. You’ve never
Bent over the glass, Castiel panted against it, watching condensation spread over it. In his chest, his heart pounded, thumping against the glass; he wondered if Dean could hear it. He wondered if Dean could feel it, the insistent thump-thump-thump of his pulse in his dick as blood continued to flow in, making him impossibly harder and bigger. Dean’s hands pressed into the bulge, reaching around from behind him, before his other hand joined in, cupping his balls and massaging them through his pants.
Cas rested her chin on Dean’s shoulder, dragging the monkshood over his jaw. “He thinks your stupid, my love.” Her rasp was low, sultry. She tsk’ed, big blue eyes swiveling over to Sam, a triumphant sparkle in them. “Sam’s always thought he was smarter than you. Went to college, while you’re just a drop out. He got the girl of his dreams, and judged you for finding love when and whenever you could. I can read his mind, Dean. I know he thinks you’re stupid, you’re lonely. Dumb as nails.”
Dean got to his feet and let Eva lead him away, grinning back at Cas and Sam. “You two carry on; I’ve got official business to attend to at the crafts table.”
“Sorry! But t-this place is enchanting!” Dean allowed himself to be tugged along as he stared at a portly older man giggling madly as he sipped on a small glass of sherry and sprawled out in a chair. He pulled an angel into his lap and she threw her high ponytail over her ear and poured over him, whispering something into his ear flirtatiously, her long, wide diamond earrings swinging near his red face. Dean watched him slip neatly folded bills into her hand, which she slipped away into a hidden pocket so quickly Dean almost missed it.
With a sigh, Jamie threw her trench coat over the back of her couch and threw her waist-length hair into a ponytail. After a bit of finagling, she pulled her bra out from under her shirt and threw it across the room. She was halfway done undoing her uncomfortable suit pants when her phone rang.
"The magic is celestial in nature. I've only seen that kind of magic from the blasphemous Union of human and angel. Hundreds of years ago. And," Uriel growled, twisting his angel blade in his hand menacingly, "I destroyed that nephilim on the spot. His family could not grieve, there wasn't enough ash left of him to swipe a finger through…"
“Free will,” Dean whispers. “Like Celeste. You chose this love, no one else chose it for you. No contract, no blackmail—”
"No one's seen him." Jack ran his finger over the border of Nevada on the map table. Strained, he said quietly, "Cas isn't there."
“Yes,” Charlie said quickly, her chest stuttering as she laughed nervously. “He’s the new staff writer for Heaven. The lucky chosen one!”
The gun left her head and she spun around, falling onto her ass and scuttling away as Castiel—in Jimmy—curled his hand around Amelia’s throat, his other hand gripped tightly like a fist, pulling black smoke from within her. It coiled and twisted from her mouth, writhing through the air between them. It swirled and pulsed, crackling like lightning flickered within it. Amelia’s eyes were rolled back and she gurgled, choking.
Her chin dipping again, her eyes redirecting down to the ground, Castiel pressed the back of her hand under her jaw. Sweat was gathering at her hairline. “Dean, I do mean it. And...I have to go.”
Despite the excitement and lack of fear, Castiel was unsure of Dean’s reaction, so he shrugged and swallowed hard. “I think you know.”
After years of thinking Balthazar was the one person she could trust, of thinking that he genuinely was the only person looking out for her, it was shattering to finally understand that he wasn’t. Perhaps, he felt in his heart that he was, but Castiel suddenly felt like the veil had lifted from her eyes.
have a lot to apologize for. Stuff ain’t fixed between us yet, but I gotta get him back before I can make shit right. I gotta get him and my...my kid.”
Cas’ face slowly melted from fury to panic, and her eyes got a bit wide. She blinked, looking around the hallway, as if hoping someone would help her. It was hurtful, but Dean figured she had reason to not want him in her home. After all, he’d kicked her out of his.
“Hey, Dean,” Castiel urged, crawling up to Dean’s face, pressing a hand to the back of his neck. He leaned down and ducked his face to see Dean’s, and was seized in panic when Dean’s eyes were glazed over and redness was spread around his nose and eyes, the dark sandy lashes blinking hard.
Castiel nodded, jumping a bit when he walked backwards into someone, a girl who shot him a dirty look. “Y-Yes. If Naomi is still talking to me, she might try to rangle me to go see Celine Dion—”
Castiel stared at his phone, feeling like either Uriel was confusing Hannah and Naomi, or Naomi was up to some tricks…
“No!” Castiel snarled, struggling when the knife disappeared but the Duke dragged her to her feet, forced her to walk a few steps, and then shoved her face down onto the bed, her legs still hanging over, her knees on the floor. She struggled, although the Duke leaned on her neck, pressing her face down onto the silk duvet forcefully. “Please, don’t. dear Duke, please, I can be compliant. I—”
Dean stared at Charlie. He was tempted to tell her it was none of her business, but Charlie, despite only knowing him for a few weeks, was a good friend to him. And she was right; if the duke found out Castiel was sleeping with someone for free behind his back, spending the night with another man for companionship, he would leave Heaven and the club would go under.
Dean’s boots splashed over the wet cement floor as he walked away. The farther away Dean got, the more Castiel felt the air return to the room. But something shifted between them.
That feeling scared him, and whenever he was scared, he got angry. With fire, Dean spat, “Hilarious. Now, really, what are you?”
Finally bringing himself back to the original intention of the massage, Castiel shifted down Dean’s legs, sitting on his calves and dragging his oily palms over Dean’s lower back, pausing only to knead his thumbs into the two symmetrical dimples above his ass, before he was massaging the tight glutes, licking his own lips at the image of those shining globes looking incredibly spreadable. He was so close.
“Is there a better way for us to do this?” Sam asked, leaning away from the door and looking down at Charlie, who was crouched.
The scolding worked. Dean felt a twang of guilt in his chest and he sat down on the edge of the messy bed, pushing and pulling his heel over the motel carpet.
“Well,” Sam went on, “I figured after he refused to eat the perfectly cooked chicken burger at lunch due to a super irrational fear of contracting salmonella, we had another infection on our hands.”
It could have been moments, or minutes, or an hour. Time seemed to zip by as Dean was overtaken by the feeling of being
“Because of the Rise of Samhain?” Sam asked, his voice unsure. “Yeah, we know all about that. We’re trying to stop it.”
“Shut up!” Zachariah snapped, then turned back to Balthazar with an accusing point of his finger. “You will amend the contract so that there are no questions about who Castiel belongs to, do you understand? I do not like people touching my possessions!”
“What?” Castiel breathed at her, though she probably couldn’t do more but read his lips over the crowd singing along to
“How do you want to do this?” she whispered, her eyes gazing at his face, watching his green eyes dilate and darken.
Despite his grief, Castiel gazed down at his new daughter, looking bewildered and terrified, tears still running down his face. Looking away from him, Dean turned his head, and smiled tightly at his Cas, who returned the expression.
Ash pointed at finger at Sam and wagged it. “Don’t finish that sentence, my friend. Prostitutes and dancers, singers and starving artists are the crowds in which we run with. Those are the best people to know.”
The initial light-hearted tone of Dean’s voice as he recalled the memory had been deceiving. It dawned on him that this wasn’t a good memory when Dean seemed to pause and his breath audibly caught in his throat. Feeling unsure how to comfort him, Castiel said nothing.
It all happened so quickly. The Duke’s snapped his head up, Castiel’s eyes went wide and fearful, and Dean pressed himself back against the wall
“Yes,” Cas agreed, reaching up to rub her face, unaccustomed to the movement of muscles required to laugh like that. As the sound faded away, and the flutter in her chest lessened, behind her eyes flashed memories that weren’t hers. Bradley, Jamie’s husband, sitting across from her at a bar, buying her a drink and making her laugh. They laid in bed together, and watched television at each other’s side, making each other laugh, revelling in each other’s presence…
At the end of the hall, Sam and Castiel were nearly back to back, parrying weapons with Uriel and Zachariah as they battled. Although Sam was fighting Uriel as much as he could; his teeth gritted with effort, his face red and shining as he ducked and swung, obviously the other alpha was faster and stronger. Castiel was splitting his attention between Uriel and Zachariah, trying to protect Sam, but they were clearly losing, being shepherded into a corner.
The rest of what he had to say dissolved into blubbering and hyperventilating, his chest heaving and his hands clawing at his chest.
“Yeah, I’m all right some times,” Dean admitted, shrugging his shoulders and giving their sweaty palms a squeeze. “Can’t believe that worked. Either I’m a genius or you’re too gullible.”
“Why would she do that? What benefit would it be for her to help you raise Lucifer only to see him destroyed by Michael?” Castiel asked, confused.
“I understand Sam decided to stay a bit longer,” Castiel interrupted—’cold as ice’ as Uriel would say. “Say goodbye to him for me. And goodbye to Hannah, too, since she’s decided to stay with him for now.”
“You okay?” Sam asked, resting a hand on Cas’ shoulder, still massaging his own wound, though Dean noticed the blood was slowing its ooze.
“‘Something’ is not the word I would use.” Dean crossed his arms and rested them on the countertop. “More like amazing. Sexy. Busy. Confusing.”
Castiel stopped in the middle of the row. Dean stopped too, turning towards Castiel, undressing him with his eyes.
With his long lashes tickling the shell of Castiel’s ear and his warm cheek against his neck, Dean said, muffled, “I’m sorry we didn’t go to Uriel’s thing.”
“As soon as they felt Dean and Sam Winchester exist again in this universe, they feared the prophecy would be realised,” Gadreel explained minutes later, looking between the six people who stood around him in a half-circle, glaring at him, their hands all ready to reach for weapons to kill him if he made the smallest wrong move.
He’d seen it, as the demon ranted about some evil blah-blah-blah as they always do; Jimmy’s unfocused eyes had slid open and his mouth had moved weakly, like he was talking to someone. Then, his eyes glowed and the wound in his stomach healed over. A sense of calmness had settled over his distressed features and when he got up, it was Cas.
Sam, Dean, and Castiel exchanged uncomfortable looks, and the horrible sinking feeling in Castiel’s stomach got worse.
“God, I am so embarrassed,” Dean admitted shakily. “I didn’t come here to be a blubbering idiot, I swear. I-I just wanted to apologize, so I don’t know why I said that. I didn’t want to t-tell you, to make it all fucking awkward. Can I—I’m just gonna use your bathroom, okay? Get myself together and—Fuck, maybe I should just go, I didn’t mean to—”
“You taste salty,” Castiel said bluntly before pressing his lips together to hold back a chuckle of his own.
Screams, but from demons. They echoed and reverberated. The victim on his rack convulsed and then disappeared; disintegrated into ash, swirling through the rippling, hot wind caused by flames that always licked just far enough to not split skin.
They were assigned rooms with one other “depositor”, as they were referenced as. They were given a few pairs of scrubs and shirts, and the rooms were very much like tiny apartments. To Castiel’s surprise, the cell door that locked behind them was the only aspect of their sleeping arrangements that felt like prison. There was a separate room housing the toilet, and their tiny room did have a book shelf and small desk under their respective bunks. It
Dean nudged his shoulder and added, “And you too, duh. Anyway, if he knew how they’re treating us in here? His head would fucking explode off his shoulders. Sam would have this place shut down in like twenty-four hours, and he’d come in guns blazing, with civic suits and class action this-and-that. I dunno much about the law, but he’d tear Naomi a new one.”
Dean clicked off the phone and threw it aggressively into the passenger seat with a growl. The audacity of Sam to blame his words on the siren!
“I had plans to take Sam bar hopping,” Dean said, his tone peculiar. Maybe it was just muffled through the wall. “But, uh—”
Dean waved a hand and snorted. “Oh, yeah! He’s hanging in there. What about you? You, uh, talk to that mom of yours?”
Dean’s mouth went a little dry as he was dismissed. Quietly, he got up, patting at his pockets to ensure he had his keys.
He hadn’t known them longer than a day, but for the community of angels who had no home anymore, and for the family of these wayward angels, Dean’s heart mourned.
“I, uh…” Dean stomach did a flip, and then a squeeze. He felt hot very suddenly, very aware of the words he was about to say. But it was now or never. After swallowing, he lowered himself down beside her again, close this time. With their legs brushing, and hips pressed close, Dean raised his other hand ot her face and gave her a little shake. He smiled tightly, and murmured, “I love you, Cas. Like, deep, profound bond kinda love. The kind that’s kept me up all night for a year, and the kind that made us always come back to each other, even when we were both acting like brats. I just...really love you. Like, in-love kinda love. Always have. Wings or no wings. Baby or no baby. This past year has been...a fuckin’ flurry of bullshit that I created. But just know I never thought you weren’t worthy, or not good enough of a human or woman or whatever. I just…” He dropped one hand to his lap as Cas’ frowned lips deepened, and her eyes closed off. “I guess you don’t wanna hear that, huh?”
Anna shifted against the front bumper of an old black Ford Mustang. The car shifted a bit under the shared weight of their bodies leaned against it.
“There’s the balcony,” Kevin suggested quietly. “We could go up to the roof and sneak down onto the balcony. We’d know exactly what they’re talking about.”
“You’re wrong,” Dean countered anyway, knowing that she was probably right. He’d always remembered things differently; he’d seen a man in Sam’s room, he’d been handed Sam by his father, he’d been ordered to run outside. He didn’t have a memory of drinking demon blood, but fuck, did it ever explain his life for the last sixty years in Hell…
“Yeah, that’ll happen the first few times,” he heard his roommate sigh. “I mean, the mix between all the new shit they pump into your system, and those boner meds, and the, oh, yeah, the rapey part that kinda fucks you up at first. That’ll...That’ll do it for ya.”
The angel turned towards the table where they’d laid out their weapons and Bobby’s little summoning ritual still smoked a bit. She ran her finger over the edge of the steaming metal bowl.
From within the closet, Claire screamed. Epsom salt was thrown everywhere at the collision and the demons stepped over the broken dresser easily. Jamie’s heart sunk, realizing that the line had been broken.
“I don’t know,” Cas admitted. The was a loud ripping sound as she yanked a bundle of strings away from her jeans and scrunched up the bundle in her palm, her face colouring a bit more. “I don’t know, but they inspect everything, and ask me questions I often don’t know the answer to. I fear that nothing I’m doing is enough. I’m trying but…”
With a bratty smile in his voice, Sam chuckled, “Yeah, I’m here. You finally worked it out. With him.”
“Um, no,” Dean murmured, slipping his hands in his pockets. He hoped his disappointment wasn’t too obvious on his face, but in truth, it was probably written all over it. “He’s out. He’s with Charlie at Heaven, if you’re looking for him. I can tell him you came by to see him—”
As he drifted into an accidental slumber in the back of the van, his hands going pliant around the rifle in his lap, nightmares plagued him.
Cas opened her eyes, releasing a puff of air through her lips like she’d been holding her breath in effort. Her eyes glowed up at him, the blue irises incandescent with a brilliant icy blue light. “It’s angel grace, Dean. It is the antithesis of a demon’s essence.”
Castiel purposefully. When Castiel looked up slowly from the hose between Dean’s legs, Dean was already watching him, a mischievous grin on his face. His lip was curled in a bit, pulled in by teeth and a pink tongue that swiped out to wet his lips.
“Yes, you could.” He shook her gently. Her chin trembled between his fingers. “You can. You’re the greatest actress I’ve ever met.”
The tips of her fingers slid up over his shoulder and trailed over his neck. Zachariah’s eyes flickered for a moment when both of Castiel’s hands rested on his face.
He looked up into the rearview mirror, and saw the reflection. Instead of Cas, there was a siren; grey, writhing, shriveled and slimy, licking its way down his neck.
Dean’s footsteps padded quietly across the apartment. Castiel heard him chuckle when Jack flipped onto his paws and ran after him, just barely sliding through the bathroom door to presumably stare at Dean like he did with everyone else that dared use the bathroom. Weird dog.
Dean was going to prove them both wrong. They’d defy Chuck’s vision, and they’d find a way to leave town tomorrow, even if it meant swimming across the damn river.
had even texted him, which was strange. He wasn’t sure why Sam would’ve bothered to get his number—they hadn’t ever texted before—but Castiel figured Hannah had given it to him, or worse, Dean had when he’d realised he’d been blocked. Either way, as soon as Castiel saw “
Cas just reached back, hand grasping blindly, and Dean was right there immediately, intertwining his fingers and folding forward as Cas tugged him close. Their foreheads met when Cas turned his face, and their bodies melted together, Dean’s chest to Cas’ back. It was only when Dean slid his hips away and Cas arched his spine did they separate, though they met again soon after when Dean drove his hips forward again and Cas pushed back up to meet him.
Balthazar's fists trembled at his side. “He tried to hurt her! He wasn’t following the rules. He was aggressive and abusive, you cannot possibly be serious. Look at her face!”
The Duke—as he positioned himself at her entrance, ready to hurt her, to take what he thought was rightfully his—leaned over her and near her ear, he whispered, “Where is your hunter now, angel?”
Castiel thought, his jew clenching. He’d double checked and cross-referenced just to be sure that he hadn’t missed anyone—But he didn’t bother trying to correct Uriel. Zachariah hated ‘excuses’.
Suddenly, the blade in Alastair’s hand turned red hot and the demon shrieked, throwing it away from himself in fear. It hit the ground in sparks, and he dropped Cas abruptly. She went down hard, but seemed unbothered by the impact; rather, she pulled herself into a seated position and watched Dean with wide eyes.
“Of course you are,” Castiel grumbled, accepting some chips as Uriel held out his plate with a wiggle.
“Yeah, but I actually like you,” Uriel pointed out. “I only hang out with Raph ‘cause my old lady gets on me if I don’t.” Uriel made air quotes with one hand and muttered, “‘
For the first time since last night, Cas’ eyes were clear and his skin was losing that shining quality, the sweat cooling on his skin. He seemed to be returning back to normal, while Dean was growing hot, though he was unsure if it was the trance or the sheer panic over the thought that he’d had an allergic reaction to something, and he and Cas were locked together by their genitals.
“All of those things,” Bobby said, his moustache twitching as he chewed his bottom lip thoughtfully. “Sirens are tricky fuckers. Take the form of their target’s greatest desire, so they look like whatever and whoever they see in their victim’s minds. They prey on weakness, longing, sadness. Any crack in the armour they’ll sense, and once they’ve poisoned their hosts—”
Eventually, Cas spoke. “I could’ve retired on Earth. Jack pulled me out of the Empty and asked me what I wanted to do. But..there was nothing on Earth for me.”
Dean jumped off his stool, his shoulders squared, his hands balled into fists. Sam and Kevin’s hands held him back firmly.
As Dean came, making small noises of pleasure, Castiel pulled his head up and cupped Dean’s face in his palms, bringing their lips together again. He kissed him through his orgasm, gently dragging his thumb over his jaw and pushing damp hair from his forehead.
whatever the fuck that meant—so the boys walked in easily. Cas winced as he passed the threshold, clearly expecting to be ejected from his vessel, but as soon as they were in, his shoulders relaxed somewhat and before Dean could lay out a game plan, the angel swept down an aisle, breaking away from them.
Cas snorted, gazing around grumpily, blowing out of her lips to be rid of a lock of hair that swung in her face. “I used to think much more clearly before I had my daughter. Now all I do is panic.”
The rest of the story was lost in the shuddered breaths Cas was taking to try to calm herself. Knowing it wasn’t important, knowing whatever it was, he would forgive her, Dean squeezed her hand. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
In another involuntarily human behavior, Castiel picked up her pace as she crossed the property, her face burning.
“Upstairs,” Pamela replied. “Scrubbing blood from his carpet and cleaning his room. There must’ve been a spirit in there with him, by the looks of the place. It was trashed; glass on the floor, and the red truck, the one on the dresser, was all smashed to pieces.”
After spotting the goosebumps on her skin, Dean stepped back and began to leave the room. He snatched up her clothing from the bench beside the showers, purposefully not looking at the purple underwear hanging out of the pant leg and the polka-dot bra strap tangled in the blood-stained shirt. “Uh, you gotta be getting cold. Finish up in here and get changed. I’ll just, uh, throw this in the wash. Come get me in my room when you’re done, and I’ll show you where you can sleep.”
“It is what it is,” she murmured, eyes dragging across his face like she was looking for something. “They pay me, I do what they want.”
“Take me home, Dean,” she murmured into his neck, her cheek on his shoulder. As she felt his hand go to the back of her neck, she sighed, “I love you.”
Also, the girl’s voice was absurdly high compared to Castiel’s. Sure, this girl wasn’t Moaning Myrtle-high, but she wasn’t a Jodi Mitchell—
His wrists slipped inside the angels’ grasps as perspiration coated his skin and sweltering heat pulsed in his chest, whirling and swirling down between his legs. Shamefully, he felt himself grow wet.
The fuzzier he felt inside, the more annoyed Castiel seemed to be. She closed the door behind him and whispered irately, “Yes, Dean. I share this with someone else.”
Dean’s voice was thick and rattling like he was upset. His breaths in Castiel’s head were loud and echoing.
“The point is that you’re not gonna let her die in vain,” Dean replied firmly, scrubbing his fingers through Castiel’s hair and squeezing him tightly.
Dean couldn’t help it, he leaned his face away for a second. Cas’ hand lingered in the air, and Cas’ looked up at Dean with a peculiar surprised small smile on his lips, crooked, amused, full of wonder.
“I love you,” Dean whispered. Unsatisfied with himself, he cleared his throat and sniffed hard, nuzzling his face against Castiel’s middle, shuffling his knees closer until they bumped the tips of Cas’ shoes. Louder, he repeated , “I love you.”
Castiel | 8:42 (October 20th, 2019): Also, please keep an eye on Naomi. I don’t know what she’s doing, but if she intends on hurting Hannah in any capacity, she will.
“That’s not true,” Charlie interrupted before she could help herself. Dean glanced over at her, watching an embarrassed flush creep across Charlie’s face instantly. With a slight puff of her chest, Charlie added with a waver in her voice. “You know that better than most.”
Castiel turned his head to stare at Daphne, whose eyes were wide and frightened, her fists tight in her lap.
He and Dean jumped in the silence of the car when his phone went off again. With a groan, Castiel picked it up and turned it over, his lips pursing as a picture of Naomi rippled across his screen again.
“Um, no,” he replied, stumbling up onto the steps to the balcony. The night breeze blew through his hair. “These dreams are about adventures and far off lands, and magic—”
Castiel turned to face Balthazar, her long brown curls bouncing over her shoulder. She clapped a hand over his bicep and gripped tightly before turning her face to Zachariah and explained in a rush, “Anyway, my duke, we’ve come together to fine-tune the story and I’d so hate to spoil it for you, to have you see us rehearse here in this silly little room. I’d much rather you saw us rehearse on the main stage, with proper costumes, and music, and props. You’ll enjoy it much more when the scene has been re-written—”
While it lacked dramatics, the distraction worked. As soon as the vase hit the ground, he heard the Duke growl, “What was that? What is going on here?”
It sent soft, warm sensations tingling up through Castiel’s core, whispering to the surface of his skin, as if sunlight had touched his face…
Dean’s eyes narrowed so much that he hardly saw through them anymore. “This has to be some kind of human rights violation, are you kidding me? My brother is gonna tear into this fucking government the second he catches wind—”
Here, with Cas, her hand holding his, and her lips pressing every emotion she felt for him into his skin, Dean felt entirely happy.
Meg shrugged, jerking him off, her hands were still skillful and stroking him at the right tempo. She seemed to actually be enjoying giving him pleasure. “Just rubbed me the wrong way.” She paused to smirk, chuckling to herself. “Pun intended.”
Cas walked towards the Impala, high heels clicking over pavement. “I’m going to check in on the prophet, who you carelessly left in a car.”
Castiel scowled over his shoulder, but maneuvered around the chairs and couch to the doorway, brushing his hands off on his slacks. After leaning down to scoop Jack into his arms, he yanked open the door, planting a smile on his face to greet his cousin—
“Formula; not like math. Got it,” Jack said, nodding and accepting the keys with wide eyes like Dean had just given him the Holy Grail filled to the brim with forgiveness.
Beside him the women wearing bullet proof vests and helmets turned towards him. The receptionist swallowed and added, her voice a bit panicked. “Please just fill it out.”
Benny glanced sidelong at Dean, scowling as Dean shook his phone and tapped aggressively on the screen.
Dean’s big green eyes blinked up at him as he raised his chin. After flashing a cheeky smile, Dean said slowly into the phone, “Actually, nevermind. You opened the door, so I’m gonna go now and see if you’re busy.”
Zachariah stared at Castiel, enraptured, much like Dean was, with her fierce eyes and face set in determination, her curls thrown back over her shoulders. He slowly raised his hand and wiped his lips with his wrist. “And this play, what is it called?” Zachariah asked breathlessly, his slightly wide eyes searching Castiel’s face.
The staring went on a bit long, and Dean gestured at her, shuffling back against the headboard. He licked his lips then murmured, “Second time you saved my ass today. Or third, but...who’s counting?”
Unfortunately, the cave had trace amounts of goo, and no children--alive or dead. What they did find was, arguably, much worse.
Weeks he’d been locked in this white room with the coverless white bed and white basin that he could be sick in, and that one meaningful steel table tucked into the corner with leg stirrups that made him nauseous just looking at. The flat steel was clean and sterile, but the legs of the table had splotches of deep, dried burgundy-brown that made Castiel feel like they’d left it like that on purpose. They wanted to breed fear in him, they wanted to hint at the horrific pain that was to come, or perhaps at the fate of others who’d they tried to breed with.
“Okay, thanks,” Castiel said in a rush, sliding into his apartment and shutting the door quickly behind him. Sometimes he wasn’t sure when he was being rude; he was normally very blunt and honest, never always sure if what he was saying was the right thing, and oftentimes he was oblivious to it until too late, but this time, he knew he’d been rude.
Dean recalled Castiel in Jimmy Novak; tall, stubbly, a swimmer’s build, strong shoulders. The same cheekbones and blue eyes and thick brown hair. He felt his pants tighten a bit, and he shrugged at Cas. “Wouldn’t have been the worst thing in the world.”
Naomi read out loud from her phone, her tone clipped and redness tinting the top of her cheeks. “And then Sam:
Dean struggled with words to say. All he could think of were variations of “oh, God, I’m so sorry”, “please don’t stab me”, and “this is all Charlie’s fault”. There was also, “You are so hot when you’re angry” but again, he didn’t want to get stabbed so he bit back all the remarks and just stumbled backward toward the door with his hands up.
Dean nodded and peeked over her shoulder, slowly approaching the door. “Your roommate sleeping or something? It’s like 7pm…”
A shy little smile curled on Cas’ lips, his tired blue eyes widening happily for a moment. They hadn’t kissed since that moment in the dark last week. Thankfully, Cas appeared to definitely be a little gay, which was a win for Dean. He’d been worried Cas was just a really touchy guy and he’d been reading the signs wrong, but after their kisses the other night, Cas definitely enjoyed some stubble-on-stubble action. The kiss Cas had initiated had been so casual, so gently and lofty, that Dean felt a little drunk on it, his mind having had wandered during it, imagining those lips dragging over other parts of his body too—
who restored my faith in humanity. Resource centers that directed me to programs and free medical help. I met men and women who wanted to help empower the impoverished population to rise from depression and desperation. When I discovered I...I was pregnant, I was in Iowa. A local community center offered free medical grants for people like me; pregnant, without family, left with nothing. They shuttled me to doctor’s appointments and covered the costs.”
“Cas, chill,” Dean whispered, his eyes darting around. “You’ll draw attention to us. It doesn’t seem to be around right now and we should be using the time to get out! The last thing we need is seven shrieking babies giving us away.”
“Well, I found Cas’ angel blade covered in blood, so I’m hoping the blood isn’t hers. But it was fresh. I’d only missed her by a few minutes. And there wasn’t any blood in Leia’s room. Just a bloody handprint on the crib and the door knob.”
His fingers curled around the back of Cas’ sweating neck and Dean stepped forward with purpose, eradicating the space between him and his mate. Their lips crushed together, their noses bumping. Two small twin grunts escape their throats, but their lips softened and opened and Dean felt the tips of Cas’ fingers grazing his jawline for a moment.
“You and Sam need protecting. And I would like to stay with you. I love you, as I said. And I wish to learn more about humans. I’d like to fit in as Anna does.”
His eyes slid shut, the pain in his arm, chest, and stomach becoming too much. He closed his mouth because he was frightened he’d puke all down his front, and that was so fucking undignified. His vision went black and he felt himself slide sideways against the grainy wallpaper.
“Get away from her,” he snarled, his green eyes dark and tumultuous. Castiel hadn’t ever seen Dean so angry, never so on fire and almost sparkling with fury. He shook the gun and yelled with a crack in his voice, “I said get away from her or I’ll shoot you right in your fuckin’ useless face.”
But before he could launch himself up off the table, before the angel who’d recoiled and held its face could return to its post, Uriel swept in and caught his fist in mid-air, stopping it from nearly collided with the other restraining angels’ jaw.
The half-inch of space where their breath mingled was closed when Dean leaned forward and pressed his lips to Cas’, kissing him more tenderly than he ever figured he knew how to. He’d always imagined he’d fall into that kiss, if he’d ever got a chance, but he found that the mere soft touch of their lips together triggered a burst of relief that shuddered through his body like a blast wave, and he couldn’t move.
Naomi stopped in front of Dean, towering over a man sitting opposite to them who wouldn’t raise his eyes from his plate.
“Hallelujah for that, angel,” Dean whispered, his own red smudged lips quirking into a grin. “Would you like to return to my quarters where not only do I have a mirror, but a bed? I wish to seek revelation, angel.”
“She also doesn’t like anyone who expresses interest in Castiel,” Charlie added in a whisper, staring after Meg as the woman joined a group of angels, throwing her arm around Hannah. “They had a fling about a year ago that ended badly for her.”
“Don’t you all have a scene to rehearse tomorrow?” He grinned, eyeing Sam, who stumbled a bit and was only saved from crashing down onto the pavement when Hannah grasped onto a nearby lamppost, her amused squeal making a group of smokers on the curb-side startle.
Dean chuckled, rubbing at his oily forehead, noticing with a surge of self-loathing that he should probably shower. Thoughts oozed around in his brain like sludge, but his voice was chipper when he said, “Yeah, you caught me. Anyway, how you doin’? How’s the firm goin’? Those lawyers still riding your—”
“Pretty low pay,” Dean said with a mirthless laugh, picking at his potatoes, creating a groove in the fluffy white meal, until his fork was tapping at the porcelain. “Didn’t have all the stuff for it, thought I might’ve had to take classes or something to get it. Didn’t have any managerial experience, dunno what I was thinking.”
A part of him wanted someone to acknowledge ‘It’, but another part of him felt like he’d scream if anyone did. Even when Charlie got a beer in him and pried a bit, kindly asking if he was seeing anyone or if he thought the guy across the restaurant was cute, he froze up. Turned out, the second part of coming out was actually
He stepped into the dressing room. The light bulbs from her fancy mirrors shone bright, making the glittery dresses and hats along the walls glimmer brightly. Castiel sat in front of the mirror, holding a cloth under her jaw, and Hannah straddled the bench beside her, twisting a fresh cloth over a bath of ice water in her lap.
With one more hearty squeeze, his dad pulled away, holding him arm’s length by the shoulder, the other wiping at Dean’s cheeks with dirty fingers. Dean realised his face was smeared with black smudges at the same time as John did, and they both laughed.
Ash tugged a cigarette from his front pocket and struck a match. “Well, so much for this plan. She’s never going to green-light our idea if she thinks we tried to trick her into listening to it.”
At the bottom of the steps, Charlie came to an abrupt stop at the door that would lead them backstage. Dean nearly ran into her back, but caught himself just in time, muttering and raising himself over her heed on his tiptoes to look backstage.
“I won’t bother with Ruby,” Bobby said, and closed the book with a thud. “I just got off the phone with Dean. He’s got the angel with him; Castiel. They’re heading over to you now. See if she knows anything, then get back to me. In the meantime, Pam and I are gonna get washed up. We smell like the coroner's office and the library.”
“Who the fuck is Ellen?” Dean grumbled, shoving all the underwear into a duffle bag behind his door.
“Shall we watch the play?” Charlie asked, raising her eyebrows. “It’s the last scene and then it’s curtain call. Might as well see it while this place is open. I can’t imagine the Duke will want to continue funding it, and Naomi—”
The trio, and Leia, headed to the hospital immediately afterwards, for both Cas and Dean to be checked out. While Cas got some stitches and some painkillers, Dean had a concussion and was being admitted for overnight monitoring.
“Sam,” Castiel said in the same familiar rasp, his eyes flicking between them, although ultimately, he stared at Dean, entirely too many emotions flooding those usually stoic features. “
In between the two boring-looking hotel beds, a short, tubby looking man wearing a black suit stood, holding a bow and arrow in his hands. The bow was large and looked heavy, with elaborate Enochian carvings and angels etched into the ends. He looked between Sam, who was pointing an angel blade at him, and Dean and Cas, who were huddled in the bathroom doorway.
It wasn’t how he’d imagined it, but it was certainly validating to know his dad understood the pain he’d caused.
“You seemed fine,” Dean muttered worriedly. “You seemed fine all day. Tired, sure but… Cas, you didn’t tell me.”
“Stop by at eight o’clock. Bring Hannah,” he murmured, leaning in to press a small kiss on the corner of her mouth. “Unless you’re too high class to party with us heathens, princess?”
Hannah made to grab him again, growling in frustration, “Knock it off, Grace! We’re just going to the infirmary—”
“Well, while you spoke to the cops—” Sam cleared his throat and opened a folder he’d tucked behind him, spreading his notes out on the table. He unlocked his phone and passed it to Dean. “—Cas and I went to the coroner’s office and managed to get a good look at the victims.”
Charlie exclaimed, rushing to her feet from her perch on the window sill. “We’ve been saying this all night. ‘Because it stings’ means nothing. It might as well say ‘because it stinks’.”
Charlie’s eyes darted between the boys, and she explained quickly, “Because I grew up in that place with Castiel, we were friends! Well, we
“Well, to start, you were driving quite recklessly for someone who needs to stay alive to serve Heaven,” Zachariah chuckled.
They exchanged nods, the tops of Hannah’s cheeks tinted pink. But she cleared throat and raised her gun, pointing it towards the door.
Sam and Dean exchanged looks over Uriel’s shoulder. Sam raised a hand to his mouth and rubbed at his lips. “Uh, well, not exactly.”
“You get used to it,” Mary finally said, tapping her fork on the edge of her plate. “It was weird at first, almost boring. But your father and I spent a lot of time together. Just enjoyed getting to know each other all over again—”
Puzzled, Dean squinted up at Charlie, blocking his eyes from the sun again. “Why would Cas feel guilty about that?”
” a younger girl sang into the mic, her Eastern European accent tinging the words with a playful bop. “--
Castiel-as-Celeste also had her face trained to be serious, but she squinted a bit, turning her head. She said in a flat tone, “
As Charlie’s composure crumbled under Zachariah’s cool gaze and her anxious chortling faded, Sam continued the lie for her. “He’s come up with a whole plot and story arc for Heaven’s first large scale production.”
“How,” Castiel finally growled, his hands squeaking on the wheel, “are you planning on returning to your universe, back to
“Technology has advanced quite a lot recently, Mr. Winchester,” the nurse said quickly, her tone annoyed. Her eyes flickered up at him from a clipboard. With a quick snap of her wrist, she tugged a carbon copy of the results and handed it to him. “Your count is forty-million per milliliter. That is very good. Expect your partner assignment in the mail within the week. You will be escorted from your home by state officials and you will be relocated to your new permanent residence within the day.”
Castiel remembered the plush down duvet he’d bought after his first big pay cheque at work, and remembered his pillow. It was specifically
“If you weren’t soon to be a hanging, cold piece of lifeless flesh,” Zachariah snorted, “perhaps I might’ve let you.” He turned on his heel, chucking to himself. “Uriel, gather the demon blood, we’ll be back for Castiel’s once she is entirely drained. Dean Winchester arrives soon.”
Dean cleared his throat, climbing the step to onto the balcony, the expensive shoes Charlie had given him to wear clicking on the hard stone.
Using the bed to lift himself off the floor, Castiel stepped over Dean to get to the washroom. He barely made it in time to even close the door. The Winchesters stopped bickering behind him as he fell to his knees and gripped the toilet seat in shaking hands.
Even though Dean struck a chord with Meg, his very existence making her twinge with envy, Meg felt a jolt of discomfort. Uneasily, she asked, “What do you plan on doing if you find him?”
Castiel’s heart did somersaults as Dean lifted the covers and unfolded the heating pad, pressing it to Cas’ stomach, smoothing it out over his abs. The heat, as soon as it pressed against his skin, unfurled in his muscles, sending relaxing waves of warmth through his torso, delivering relief.
Sam stepped towards Dean and Hannah stepped back, looking alarmed, like she expected a fight. But then Sam shook his head and seemed to reconsider. Bitterly, Sam snapped, “The play starts in an hour and I guess since we’re not leaving, we’re in it… We have to go get ready.”
He was in so much pain by the fifth deposit that he’d thrown up. Terrible in the sense that he’d gotten sick all over himself, and terrible because Abba was so furious that she punched him in the ribs. But it was glorious and one of his proudest moments so far, because he’d gotten Abba right down the front of her shirt with that morning’s breakfast, and damaged the sample she was taking from him.
“My only chance,” Castiel nodded, her face serious and solemn. “But not just for me. If Balthazar and I don’t pull this off, we don’t know how long we can keep this place open. Naomi will sell the property if it doesn’t produce profits again soon.”
She puttered around, sealing the samples in a plastic bag and labelling them. Eventually, as the other men finished up, she finally turned to him and stood, holding a little red pill between her fingers.
Hester and Alfie exchanged a confused look. “What?” Alfie asked. His eyes widened. “Did we know each other in your universe?”
He kicked open a door. Inside, a closet drowning in cobwebs. He turned from it and moved towards another door.
“Eh,” Dean shrugged, sliding the air open and closed. “I was a dick, I said some dumb shit so… Anyway—”
“Alive?” Dean asked. He huffed mirthlessly, rubbing at his mouth with the back of his hand. “Yeah, I think so, but…. They wanted me to see they’re hurting him. Dunno what they thought they were achieving, but all this means is it’s gonna smart that much worse when I fucking kill all of them. Uriel and Zachariah first. For Cas. For both of the Cas’. And...And if he’s dead, then… Fuck.” Dean dropped his hands to his sides and he breathed, “If he’s dead, I’ll lose my mind, Sam. I can’t do it again. I don’t think I could take it another time.”
“I’ve got that shit on lock,” he said, and her heart swelled at her dorky younger brother’s little laugh. He tried so hard to be cool, but he just managed to get nerdier and nerdier the older they got. He’d been the dweeb in band who loved God and the clarinet too much, while she’d been the cheerleader with a thing for mean boys and too much mascara. They’d been the most stereotypical stereotypes to ever stereotype, but man, had they stuck together. No one picked on her brother, otherwise, they’d get tossed in a trashcan by her large football player friends.
“You’re having a heart attack,” Castiel replied simply. “I suspect you’ll be dead within the next four minutes.”
Benjamin grinned, his pointy canine tooth poking out from between his lips. “You’d say the same thing about strawberries and whipped cream, Hael.”
Zachariah was distracted, his hand dragging over her collarbone and down over her breast, his thumb sweeping over the smooth swell of skin. Licking his lips, he murmured, “In a few years, perhaps, if I have business here. I imagine once we’re done in Rhode Island, we’ll vacation in my Louisiana estate briefly. Then I have plans in California to revitalize a club there, where I imagine you’ll headline as well. At that point, I believe we can focus on your film career. Hollywood is where to be for...”
“I’ll work on the hangovers,” Jack nodded, tapping his lip thoughtfully. “Maybe I’ll remove them altogether.”
It didn’t escape Castiel’s notice that no one acted oddly at Dean’s (second) coming out, and apparently, it didn’t escape Dean’s notice either. Castiel watched Dean glance around, like he was waiting for a blow, but when none came, a lingering glimmer twinkled behind his green eyes.
While Castiel slid his hand over his own hard shaft, aching for release for the first time in weeks, he had no idea that this could get hotter. Barely recovered from his orgasm, Dean slid back on the bed and dropped down onto his elbows. His tongue slid easily into Cas’ ass, fucking the loose, wet hole so thoroughly, it was a surprise he didn’t throw out his neck. Dean hummed against the used, swollen hole and reached forward, rolling Cas’ balls in his hand. The very moment the tip of Dean’s tongue swirled around the inside of clenching muscle, his balls tightened, and Castiel was coming, come rushing out of his cock, rumbling from deep in his balls and up his shaft, erupting in spurts from the end. Thick come spilled over his fist, tumbling over his fingers, dripping onto the bed, briefly streaking up against his stomach.
Gruffly, Castiel rumbled, “Whose idea was it to buy this? The other one was old but much quicker. Who do I have to fuck around here to get a fast photocopier?”
“I-I don’t know!” Jamie insisted, whimpering as the demon behind her wrenched the bedpost from her hand and used it to hit her in the side. It yanked on her hair and she yelled, “I have no idea! Cas kept me asleep half the time, I only know what she wants me to—ow, ow, ow!”
But the door swung open and Jamie was faced with her twin. Jimmy Novak—a year older, with more greys than she remembered sprouting up here and there in his messy head of brown hair, and bags under his eyes to match hers—stood before her. It took him a second to process, but then she saw his blue eyes widen and his dry lips part.
Finding his voice, pulling it up from whatever recesses it had retreated to in his chest, Castiel croaked, “What now? What do we—”
Unsure of how they got to where they were, Dean felt like he blacked out for a moment because the next thing he knew, Cas was ripping open the buttons of Dean’s jeans, and yanking them down just enough to free Dean’s aching, leaking cock. He only pulled his trembling hands away when Dean shoved him back against the door again with a flat hand on his chest and pulled his switchblade from his jean pocket. Snapping it open, he slid the blade through the waistband of Cas’ briefs, making it easy to tear them off and throwing them aside.
“You gotta remember to get his legs this time, D,” Meg said boredly, rolling over to Daphne’s station once she noticed Daph hadn’t done anything. “You forgot with the last guy. Don’t do that, you can’t forget. They squirm if you don’t. You just barely managed to catch the guy’s samples and honestly—” Meg crossed in front of Daphne, reaching up to click the restraints around Cas’ limp wrists. “—getting six samples worth of spunk from under your nails is a real bitch.”
“No,” Dean said with a sigh, the muscles of his back visibly relaxing and the tightness melting with the spread of oil over his shoulder blades. Dean’s eyes slid closed and he breathed, voice muffled by the duvet, “Feels good, Cas.”
On that note, as everyone burst into action, Raphael spun on his heel and ran, disappearing into the dark side stairwell. Sam, Kevin, and Ash pushed off their feet, running after him. There was screaming—Hannah and Charlie, and a roar of ‘no!’ that sounded like it came from Meg. A shrill scream escaped what sounded to be Claire.
“No,” she countered, shaking her head. As his hands curled at his side, she became more and more aware of the angel blade she’d decided to leave behind, but usually was strapped to her leg. Castiel swallowed, eyeing the table that glittered in the moonlight, covered in expensive silver cutlery. “Not the writer, Duke. I have a d—”
Dean ran the sponge up his stomach, his eyes never leaving the soapy, sudsy trail it left over Castiel’s tanned, freckled skin. “You spread your legs,” Dean rumbled, leaning forward over Castiel’s body, their cocks pressing firmly together, “and you beg for it when you want it harder, or faster, or if you want me to come on you. Anywhere you want.”
” Castiel’s fingernails dug into Balthazar’s shoulders, making him jump. “The one, um,” she paused to gesture flightily at Dean, “that
“Yeah,” Jamie said weakly. “I’m fine.” Distracted, she looked back out at the house. Jimmy had turned off the light, and the blue glow of the TV was the only thing that illuminated the main floor. Upstairs, lights turned on and off, and Jamie wondered if Claire was getting ready for bed. “Can I go now?”
“Yeah. Why wouldn’t the angel choose Zion?” Meg questioned, leaning in towards the Duke, her words slow and deliberate. “Why would the angel choose to fall for some writer—” Meg snorted, pressing her fingertips to her dark lips. “Oops. I mean a hunter.”
Cas lifted a bag of sour cherries to her nose and sniffed the inside. “I told you; I missed you, so I came down to see you. That is usually how longing is dealt with, is it not?”
“Get away from me,” she said clearly, turning and yanking on the door handle. Dean had to step away from the door to avoid being knocked out by it.
Eventually, Dean did make it down between her legs and felt almost instantly dizzy with arousal as he felt heat against his face. His cock ached in his pants as he dragged a tongue over her and was pleased to feel she was already slick and so wet that her skin shined, and the bed covers under her were damp.
He knew Uriel was trying to divert attention away from him, but if Castiel had to put up with the blare of Nine Inch Nails vibrating through his chest, the searing, unforgiving heat of the sun,
again and reliving his last moments with Cas in Hell. When he lifted his face, he swallowed hard and wiped at his mouth with the soft flannel of his plaid button-up.
A very large part of Castiel was still livid about the texts. Many of Naomi's judgements about Dean still rang through his mind like a gong, like she was hissing them right into his ear. He knew he'd regurgitated many of her words when he'd been yelling at Dean in the doorway, like she'd been right over his shoulder puppeteering his tongue. Live anger still buzzed through him like electricity even though Dean seemed to be having a very real mental breakdown in front of him. A mean little voice in his mind was saying Dean was playing the situation for sympathy, for a way out of owning up to his douchebaggery.
a nice girl. She was just misguided. She made a mistake.” Regina’s eyes went wide and she lowered the tissue, looking between Cas and Sam. “You… You don’t think Ashley is responsible for this, right?”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Anna whispered, reaching over and curling her finger around his jaw. She turned his face and dragged her knuckle over the clef of his trembling chin. “Dry your tears. You did what you had to do. It was Hell. The rules are different, and you endured forty years of Alastair. His name is well known in Heaven. He is the mangler of souls. No one makes it out alive with him. We had been hunting him for years, but Alastair is more powerful than most angels, and he slipped out of our fingers, taking a few dozen angels’ lives with him. You aren’t weak, you—”
Hands gentle on her hips, Dean pushed her off. Castiel groaned in displeasure, but she stood in front of him, her legs shaking, her chest heaving in her dress. Dean stood too, crowding her space, sliding his hands over the side of her face, dragging his nails through her hair and cupping her jaw. She watched his lips and he knew the Angel of Thursday wanted to pull away, but Castiel wanted him. Dean captured her lips and felt her moan vibrate through him, rumbling against his chest. Her hand went down to grasp at his cock, or perhaps to roll his balls between her fingers, but Dean had other plans.
Dean was mid-sip when Ellen held out her hand. He smiled and nodded while wiping his mouth on his sleeve, shaking her hand firmly.
Castiel leaned back, surveying herself in the mirror, before she set down the fan brush and picked up a long, narrow brush, dipping it into the water and dragging it over the black powder. She rested her elbows on the desk and poised the brush over the edge of her top lashes, but then she paused, looking a bit regretful.
Dean, despite himself, stepped back and raised the knife. With his lips curled, Dean snapped, “You shut your face, demon fuck boy. I’m
Dean groaned, woken up by both a dull throbbing in the back of his skull and the unpleasant, warm dribble of blood weaving through his hair and down his neck. As he raised his head, the hot wetness of his collar blood-soaked collar sliding against his skin made Dean shudder and feel nauseous.
The million ‘yes’s that were trying to escape his lips were swallowed by another kiss, a deep, lovely, amazing, beautiful kiss that was all the sappy words and more, but he was too busy being held up by a strong arm around his waist so he wouldn’t pass out to come up with anything better.
Gunshots rang out in the night, blasting through the horrible, shrill sound emitted by the bright light that pursued Dean. He shielded his head as bullets showered the cars around him and he ducked, sparks flying. Missed shots dented steel.
He forgot she was an angel for a second as her cold facade drained away and her face was open and honest, a hot flush across her cheeks and blossoming over her freckled chest. He could see her nipples tightened into peaks and her skin shudder into goosebumps as he pushed up into her. He supposed, as she made him feel elevated, more important, more cared for, he made her feel more human.
“We gotta go,” Dean growled, clicking off the safety. “The other Castiel and his army are gonna handle shit up here. I’m getting you out and then I’m coming back for Sam, we—”
Dean raised his hands to his eyes, pressing the tips against his lids and he inhaled shakily. “This is too big. This is bigger than us.”
“He’s visiting,” Dean clarified, gesturing with the amber glass at his brother, who was giving a fumbled tour of their product. “Doesn’t really work for me, he’s just helping. He actually just passed the bar a year ago and is doing a judicial clerkship in California.”
Cas broke the silence first. He scratched at his stubble and swallowed, his throat bobbing. Roughly; “Should we...talk?”
“Take off the blinders, Sam!” Dean gestured to his eyes. “Don’t be distracted by the next-day-Victoria’s-Secret-hair, and the blue eyes, and the cheekbones, and all that jawline goin’ on. And the legs. Sure, she’s got that weird rumpled-accountant look to her that I’m sure you dig because you’re a fuckin’ nerd—”
originally been planning on leaving Ann Arbor after the hunt to respect Cas’ wishes. But now that he knew that Leia was his…
“Do it,” Castiel choked out, his face inches from Dean, who’d crowded his personal space while telling his story, who also had his own cock in his hand, pumping at it, curling his palm around the head, tugging and squeezing like he liked it. Dean had his other hand in Castiel’s hair, pulling at it roughly, his green eyes dark and lustful as he explained the fantasy, his hungry, predatory gaze never leaving Castiel’s lips.
“Nah, he was pretty, um… Fuck. I know you’re cool with it but it’s still weird talking to you about this.”
Why was Dean not going to come home tonight? What had Castiel done wrong to deserve nearly three days of silence from a man he’d thought was interested in him? They’d talked nearly every day, and spent nearly every weekend together here, on the couch, making out or watching movies or listening to music. They’d ordered pizza. Castiel now knew Dean liked pineapple on pizza but didn’t want him to tell anyone. They’d talked. They’d stayed up hours past midnight just
Dean and Sam climbed out, inhaling the crisp, cold air, and watching as Hannah and Cas went around the back, opening the trunk and slinging bags of weaponry over their shoulders.
“All he was missing was a little trumpet and a halo,” Meg drawled, sliding onto an empty seat beside Dean and plucking Ash’s cigarette from his mouth.
Hannah took on Uriel with Samandriel, the two of them ducking as he tried to slice them open with quick sweeps of his angel sword.
But her tone was dire enough to indicate something was brewing and it wasn’t happy rainbows. “It’s time to stop Lilith, Sam. All the seals have been broken save one, the most important one. If this last one breaks tonight at midnight, Lucifer rises and we can’t have that happen.”
She and Dumah interrogated him for nearly an hour. They’d watched surveillance footage, finding out who attacked Hannah, and they checked the cameras in the office. They’d seen Dean on the phone, and they wanted to find out, desperately, who he’d been talking to. After violence got their nowhere, the doctor from the infirmary came in with a big ol’ needle, and that’s when Dean panicked.
It was heartbreaking. He could see her resolve crumble before him, and she was left looking shattered behind blue eyes. Her throat worked and Cas gazed at him, her expression otherwise neutral were it not for the wetness of her eyes that she was trying to quickly blink away.
“I told him nothing,” Castiel replied firmly. She exhaled through her nose, and pressed her lips together. “Your extracurricular activities are no secret in Heaven, Dean. But I know you have them under control, and that is admirable—”
Oh, dear, dear, sweet baby Jesus. Dean following her as she moved closer. She’d lost him on the story-front. He had no idea what the hell she was talking about anymore.
Cas made a small noise of surprise against his mouth, and he felt her face tense up for a moment before she exhaled through her nose and returned the kiss, her lips going pliant under his.
Quickly, the pain of being choked out drained away and Sam felt numb in the face. Siren’s venom coursed through him, filling him with warmth. He stopped fighting and he relaxed under her lips.
Dean’s wrist freed itself from Cas’ grip and his hand rolled, kneaded, and grasped between Cas’ legs, his own cock filling and pressing desperately against the crotch of his jeans. It was all entirely too much, it had been too long since he’d been with anyone, but he let that fear go freely, allowing it to fade away and evaporate into the space between them.
But Uriel lost interest in him, turning on his heel. He was looking at Castiel again. “Am I sparking fond memories, Castiel? Their angel is reliving your good old glory days.”
“Called me this morning,” Dean explained quietly, his voice low. “Went on for like half an hour about how you never visit. Called you a traitor and stuff.”
Castiel sniffled against his baby’s head, pulling her sleeping form close. She would be so, so loved, too.
“I’m not—” Dean piped up quickly, thinking he was being exiled, but Bobby raised a hand to shush him.
Dean made his deposit promptly, feeling fucking weird as he came into a tiny plastic cup. He felt weird twisting on the lid and he felt really, really weird handing it to some lady outside the door, as if she didn’t know what he’d done in there, or how fast he’d come.
“You would,” Uriel grunted, sighing. “You gotta live a little, Castiel. Shotgun a beer in your thirties, sleep with your boss—” Uriel waved a hand through the air. “—deny a read receipt. Have a little
“You sure you’re not an angel still?” Dean said thickly around a mouthful of piping hot saucy pasta and hearty, creamy beef. He hissed as it burned down his throat. “Didn’t—ah, fuck, it’s hot—You sure you didn’t mojo this into a freakin’ masterpiece?”
Castiel watched Dean’s bright smile spread, and noticed his straight teeth bite down on the straw poking out of the rum and coke. With a new kind of warmth buzzing under the skin of his cheeks, Castiel wondered if Dean was completely oblivious to the fact that he was stunning. It had been incredibly difficult to see him clearly out in the middle of the dance floor with the strobing lights and fog, but under the bar lights, Castiel could practically count the freckles and brilliant flecks in his eyes.
One of the children stagehands who worked for Heaven popped out from a hidden door at the end of the catwalk, ready with a costume for Castiel to change into.
“I heard,” Bobby smirked at Sam, but then winked at Dean. “Atta boy. Get Rufus and I some tickets and I’ll see if I have any free drinks behind the bar for you tonight.”
Cas didn’t reply, he just shifted. Dean rolled onto his back and reached out, shoving at Cas’ knee as it was folded by Dean’s face. Cas was sitting up, one leg crossed underneath him, the other hanging off the side of the bed. His face was shiny and even in the lamp light, he looked pale.
“How’s Pam?” Dean asked distractedly, looking more closely around the barn. All over the walls and ceiling were spray painted sigils and wards. Dean spun a finger through the air, gesturing vaguely and pulling a face. “Jeeze, guys. A bit of overkill?”
“Tried that already. She said she can’t interfere with prophecy. We’ll just have to wait for the humans to fix the bridge.”
They stared at each other as another wave of awkward silence threatened to swallow them. Castiel rifled through his catalogue of small talk topics he could use, but Dean saved him by adding jokingly, “So basically what I’m trying to say is that, yes, I’m employed.”
“Fine.” She stood up straight, shaking her head. “You must go, Dean. I can hear Sam and your friends calling for you. They know you’ve escaped.”
larger part of him, a part of him he recognized as himself and not Naomi, felt intense grief for Dean. He knew how much Dean's father meant to him, he knew the anguish Dean already felt about his relationship with his father even before his death. There had been unfinished business between them, so much emotional neglect and pain. Now it would be truly unresolved, and the horror of that was etched right into Dean's features, into the lines of his face and the shining tracks down his cheeks. He heard very palpable pain in Dean’s voice and in the thin, drawn sobs.
Bent over to pet a very calm, purring Mabbles with one long finger, was a blue, glowing, seven-foot-tall humanoid-thing with long, muscly arms, and three heads. All three of them turned to look at her; the lion, the eagle, and the humanish-face in the middle that had eyes that glowed white. From its back jutted out huge, tall wings that were tucked up against it’s back, the tallest part bopping at the ceiling, and the tips brushing over her shitty carpet.
Dean raised a hand and pressed it to his chest. “Angry doesn’t begin to cover how I feel that I came back with this hunger, this thirst. I hate it so much I wish I hadn’t been brought back at all ‘cause in Hell, Cas, I could deal with this. It was who I was supposed to be down there.” Dean gestured out into the night, his eyes shining, alight with fury. “Up here? What do I do with this longing up here? I’m a fucking freak up here, a monster. If I didn’t know me, I’d want to hunt me.”
Thinking about his own terrible mother, his sheltered upbringing, and a lonely childhood bouncing from home to home, Castiel thought,
“Thank you,” Castiel said quietly, accepting the beer and holding it firmly as Dean used a bottle opener on his key ring to pop off the top. “I’m not picky.”
Dean smiled at her bitterly and shook his head. "An angel bonded to some demon-blood-hungry freak. Hell's junkie. It's just ironic."
“Oh, no,” Hannah replied, shaking her head, her brown waves flopping around her collarbone. “But I’m sure he’ll tell me tonight. He did say he’d had a horrible weekend and was excited to see me.” She sat up excitedly and tapped at his foot. “If he says it’s all right, I can tell you all about it tomorrow.”
As soon as Anna’s palm connected with it, Castiel threw her hands in front of her face and cried out, a frightening sound that had alarm bells ringing in Dean’s head. Uriel did the same, yelling as he was thrown back. While Uriel hit the bed, Castiel was launched back towards Dean, who caught her for only a moment before he felt the powerful burst of wings around him and a bright, blinding light that had him squeezing his eyes shut.
All around Sam, members of the masked militia all began to reach up, pulling bandanas off their shocked faces, and they lowered their guns.
“So she’d basically called to tell you I’m a loser you shouldn’t waste your time on?” Dean asked with seeming amusement as he walked around the counter and out onto the shop floor, though his eyes flickered across Castiel’s face as if hunting for a sign that Naomi might’ve convinced him.
Castiel turned back to Sam, her jaw clenching. She spoke with more of a rush in her tone—she probably knew if they were to all be in the room together for much longer, Uriel was going to end up with a bloody nose and Dean would end up a hell-trash-ka-bob on the end of that silver blade.
“And Castiel?” Castiel asked, his eyes looking far away. “What was his role in all this? Before...Detroit.”
Uriel wordlessly raised a note from the table. Cautiously, Sam stepped forward and took it from Uriel, turning it around to read.
“I-If that’s true,” Hannah snapped, speaking up from Naomi’s clutches, her hands curled into fists at her side, “then you cannot pretend his rebellion hurt you, that you cared. Samandriel died around
Castiel leaned forward a bit, looking up through his lashes at her. “He’s trying to ask if your sister was cheating on her partner.”
"I haven't seen Bobby in quite some time. Ellen and her girl neither," Missouri said softly, glancing between them and smiling softly. "I know Bobby and Ellen will be touting your father's greatest hits. I know you both used to love those stories, Dean. Would you like to come?"
They broke their kiss and Castiel stepped back. Dean watched her lips, noticing that her lipstick was a bit smudged, and imagined that his own lips were probably smeared with a shadow of plum and pinks. He reached up and rubbed at his mouth with the back of his wrist as Castiel turned away and walked back towards the door, sliding her coat off her shoulders and hanging it up on the coat rack.
“Hey, don’t look at me. I’ve got two left feet and a mighty thirst, so you’ll be finding me at the bar all night, Dean. But they’re right; show that girl a good time before she decides you’ve wasted her time.”
It wasn’t his fault he’d been chosen to play a part in some prophecy made by God. Was it overwhelming, sure? But did Sam hate it like Dean did? No.
“Of course there was little meeting and greeting,” Ishim sighed, his teeth clicking on his fork around bacon. “The train tracks you’d been tied to made quite a mess of your bodies.”
“I know the concept will be foreign to you, but friends are honest with each other,” Castiel mocked, pointing over her shoulder at Sam as the Winchester brothers joined their friends on the sidewalk, their cheeks wet but smiles on their faces and their arms around their youngest brother. “You should tell Sam you took his phone. You do that, and I’ll consider having breakfast with you again some day.”
escaping his lips as he shut his eyes, he heard Dean’s  low chuckle even among the other patrons' giggles and cheers of relief. “Never thought I’d hear
“Is it?” she rasped, the dark smudges under her eyes looking deeper “Tell me, Dean; are you jealous?”
Dean exhaled loudly and they sat in silence for a minute before Dean spoke. “‘Cause, you know, if you are…that’s the best news I’ve heard in a long time.”
“I told you,” Gadreel implored. “I was trying to escape. I...have been just as much of a prisoner as the Castiel they have held up in Heaven. As much of a prisoner as I’d always been. Please, believe me.”
Cas looked like she still didn’t get it and didn’t understand why light meals had Dean so thrown, but she shrugged, crossing her arms over her naked chest, her head thumping back against the headboard. “It’s been an odd day, I suppose.”
“I’m...nervous about many things,” Castiel murmured, dropping his gaze. “My ‘peach’ of a mother can be thanked for that. She was...unimpressed with how I turned out.”
truly believe this is God telling you to do this? God would never. Our father wouldn’t ever order you to lie, to tell twisted tales, to manipulate. This isn’t destiny or prophecy, this is
His nipples were hard and taunt, a dusty brown through his translucent, skin-tight, sopping shirt that clung to his chest and stomach.
With a quick glance over at the staff room door, Annette shrugged. “It’s quite nice. Are...you interested in working for us?” She smiled teasingly at him, and wagged the pen in her hand. “You have to speak French, you know.”
He shut his eyes and turned away when grace blasted from within the cupid, searing through the room, sending a hot wave of air breezing through the space. When the energy dwindled to nothing and all the warmth was sucked from the room, Castiel opened his eyes, his vision blurry. He stepped out of the way and wrenched his arm back, pulling the blade out of dead flesh with a squelch. The vessel collapsed face-first into the carpet, his wrist slipping from Castiel’s grasp.
talk, but I usually prefer to talk in private, in the comfort of my quarters. Didn’t you receive my invitation to...talk after the closing set tonight?”
“What are you doing, Celeste?” Dean exclaimed, pretending to be confused. Castiel made a mental note to advise him that he was a wonderful actor, like his brother.
“I’m not drinking from you fuckers,” Dean snarled, moving towards the hallway, unsure what to do or where to go, but knowing he had to get away from them. Something about them was dangerous in a way he hadn’t previously been prepared for.
Green eyes winked at him—both of them, Dean wasn’t very good at winking—so Castiel murmured fondly in response, “Your secret is safe with me.”
With warmth coursing through him that kept his nerves at bay, Castiel smiled. “It’s quite impressive. Four walls, and a door. It has everything.”
Dean’s heart sank a bit, thinking about how his net worth was the scarce wad of bills in his pocket and a tiny bag of savings in his sock drawer. But before he could protest, Ash raised a hand to stop him. “Not to worry, friend. Lucky for you, we all work beyond the gates of Heaven. Kevin here is part-time stagehand, full-time front-of-house. He’ll be there tonight to let us in. And our main girls, Jo and Ellen, are behind the bar. They’ll ensure that we don’t die of thirst.”
“I certainly didn’t mind it, although the angel hangover wasn’t the greatest,” Pam admitted. “Slept like a baby though!”
“I hate you because I can’t blame you this time,” Dean croaked, inhaling a wavering breath. Watery, he breathed, “It’s me. It’s just all me.”
“We saved everyone,” Dean corrected her, breaking away from Sam. It did not go unnoticed how Dean beamed at the angel, who beamed back, the most expressive she’d ever been.
The door didn’t have any bars or a window on it. He had no clock to tell the time. He was so fucking lonely that he shed a few tears about that, too. There was nothing to do, nothing to look at, and he couldn’t even sleep because he was so anxious and terrified.
“You never thought I’d see them,” Castiel barrelled over him, wobbling the phone in the air between them. “You thought you could carry on feeding me sweet words, that you could keep telling me you were hiding our ‘relationship’”—he made air quotes with one hand—”because it was so
After the fun self-guided tour of the venue, they returned to their spot in front of the stage to enjoy the tail end of the opening band. By the time the lead singer of Tool appeared, Castiel was gently buzzed and wondering how the evening had already turned out to be quite wonderful. Sure, Dean hadn’t kissed him or anything (yet), but the feeling of ease between them was quite lovely and uncomplicated, nothing like what Castiel had been concerned about. He had spent the entire workday worried that they wouldn’t have anything to talk about, or that he would do something stupid to make Dean regret inviting him out, but so far he was in the clear.
Mary and Sam wore twin looks of understanding on their faces, a slight wince around their eyes, and Dean simply nodded. He gestured over his shoulder with his thumb. “Gonna grab some fresh air. It’s been a lot.”
“No,” Castiel said firmly, scowling at Dean. “We did not simply mate with any angel who had a decent knot, Dean.”
“Give it a rest, brother,” Benny murmured, a morose expression on his face as he stared down at the line at the clinic entrance, guarded by two women with automatic rifles and cruel, cold eyes. “That phone ain’t gonna work until Big Brother tells us it will.”
Sam came to an abrupt stop and reached out to snatch Dean by the back of his jacket, jerking him back.
What was worse, what was the most fucked up, was that they had no intention of having him miss his deposits. Rather, they forced him to drink the bulking smoothies that Dean affectionately called “come-smoothies” in mass quantities and then took him to the dairy farm, alone, after everyone else had finished, and took twelve samples from him in one go.
Dean stepped towards him, a fond twinkle in his eye. He raised his hands to Castiel’s face, cradling his jaw, and he asked clearly, “I told you a million times that I wanted you all to myself, and I meant it. Be mine forever. Will you marry me, Sunshine?”
“I haven’t named her yet,” Cas murmured, reaching over to slid a hand over his twin’s shoulder. Giving it squeeze, he said, “But I think she looks like a ‘Hannah’.”
Bobby’s house was completely fucked, Dean’s throat looked like he’d gotten into a fight with Devil’s Snare, and he’d only just got back from actual Hell a day ago. The ghost of their mother had just spent some quality time saying potentially horrendous things to him...and Dean wanted to go eat fast food alone in his car.
It was jarring, that revelation. The words had sort of slipped out, comfortable in their shelter here in the dark, in their cell where he wouldn’t be judged. The words were safe in that inch  of space that separated their lips.
Time was ticking, so he got out of the car and walked around, shuddering against the chill of the night. At the trunk, he swallowed hard, pulling the demon blade that Sam had given him after he’d risen, the one that used to belong to Ruby. It was supposed to be able to kill any demons... He hoped it could kill Lilith.
He shouldn’t have entertained this, he shouldn’t have. He knew it was wrong. It was not only a crime on Naomi’s part, but a huge violation of privacy. But he sat on the couch and clutched the phone in his hands anyway, staring at his reflection in the black screen.
"Get away from me," Anna yelped, twisting around and running up the aisle. She headed towards the altar, hoping there would be an exit she could escape from on either side. She’d seen the priest disappear into the side doors often. There had to be a way—
“Golden light?” Sam asked. Even from the corner of his eye, Dean saw the furrow deepen between Sam’s brow. “What does he mean by that?”
Blue eyes turned up to stare at him and Dean swallowed the lump in his throat. Cautiously he approached her, rubbing his clammy hands on the hips of his jeans. “So, uh, a few weeks ago you brought up a way to get rid of this—” He licked his lips. “—addiction I got.”
“Stop that,” Cas’ voice said from just the other side of the door like she had her face pressed against it.
Castiel’s mouth hung open, unsure if he should be offended or pleased by her easy dismissal of their previous plans.
With the fumes of burning celestial flesh and sulphur permeating her nose and poisoning her from the inside, Castiel felt sick. She wanted to be released, wanted to curl into a ball and be sick on the floor, to be left alone to dwell in shame.
Still a bit dazed from a heavy sleep, Castiel turned onto his back with a groan and sat up in bed, the covers sliding down his chest and puddling around his waist. Jack got to his feet, walking sluggishly over the duvet and curling up in Castiel’s lap, uninvited of course but welcome as always. As he scratched his puppy’s ears, Castiel listened for signs of life out in the kitchen or living room, and quickly realised that Dean wasn’t anywhere in the condo when he was met with silence.
Dean tried not to show any reaction as his heart jumped a bit, warmth filling his stomach as he thought of Castiel giving him anything.
“I feel sick,” Castiel commented bluntly, his stomach turning. Between his nightmare, the kidnapping, hurtful memories of Daphne’s betrayal, and the general terror he felt since hearing Garth’s chest get blown open, he hadn’t had a single moment of feeling okay since his arrival.
“It’s not true,” Sam said through his teeth, fire flaring up in his chest at the siren. He hated her. “Dean, fight it. She’s a siren, that is
Uriel shrugged one shoulder. “Not the first time an angel or two have lied for their mission.” His dark brown eyes shifted over to Castiel, smirking. “Right, Castiel? You lied to both Winchesters with the same falsehood not even a day ago. We had you on quite a roll there.”
“Happy Valentine’s Day,” Dean murmured, grinning. “I used the blue marker because it smells like raspberries.”
“I’m certain outgoing calls are working, Dean. Maybe not for civilians, but certain for governments. And if you’re in a government facility—”
“How did she know to come to you guys?” Dean asked. In his head, he heard the echoes of his own voice, feeble, frightened, begging for her.
Dean groaned as Castiel was tugged away, her hair spinning over her shoulder as Charlie manhandled the costume over her arms.
“Owww, watch the stomach, Punchy,” Dean groaned, but there was a laugh on his lips. He leaned forward a bit, pressing a hand under his sternum. “The goods are feeling a little bruised.”
He slid back into the car, slamming the door behind him. “No dice here. This one went on about the ribs, too. Any luck with hotels?”
His hand shaking, Dean pulled it from her waist and he touched her face, fingers trembling over her jaw as her grace rushed through his veins, leaving him feel like...home.
The muscles in Castiel’s jaw jumped, and when he raised his eyes, they were alight with vengeance. “Yes. He killed my son and taunted me with his death. And Uriel, too. They burnt down my home, desecrated my boy’s funeral.” Castiel began to back away, heading after the first team he sent in the opposite direction from Hannah. “I want Zachariah’s head on the end of an angel blade.”
“Everyone knows now, Dean,” she rasped, lifting her head to stare at him, the bags under her eyes deep and dark in the flickering candlelight.
“Plan B is a punch in the face,” Dean wheezed, feeling overwhelmed by the drumming sound their shoes made on the stone steps. “Plan A is you pretend there’s an emergency down in Heaven that requires his services.”
“You all right, dude?” Sam asked cautiously, narrowing his eyes at his brother, slowing his approach with the laptop.
Bobby snorted. “At this rate, one of you’d better call one of your angels down. I’m sure they could point out a siren in a second, and cut this whole dumb process in half.”
Looks like he could start counting on both hands how many times he was going to cry in his adult life.
“No,” she admitted, shooting Uriel a glare when the man grinned at her, knowing perfectly well she didn’t know shit about some hole-in-the-wall diner. “But I have GPS, I can find it. Come, I’m just parked over here.”
He’d been laid off alongside Joshua and Zeke. Balth and Abner from Sales. Benjamin and Tamiel from Accounting. Even Malacai and Samandriel from maintenance. They were all called into the main conference room and given their notice. It was temporary, their boss, Hester, had said.
“Like I said,” Cas raised his eyes from the salt mountain, frowning, “I’m not sure I know the difference.”
“No need to pay me for the dance,” Dean said, cracking a grin and throwing the napkin down onto the counter. “Though I know I’m a regular twinkle-toes.”
“Castiel,” Castiel corrected, a strange flicker of emotions crossing his face. “But yes, these angels, they...they chose to run away with me. We’ve been on Earth for nearly a decade. Most of humanity was burnt to ashes, but over the years the survivors have centralized in former big cities. They are trying to rebuild their civilizations, and we want it to stay that way. God made us to protect the humans, and while the angels in Heaven have forgotten that since his leave, we haven’t. We live on this earth to protect them—to hide, yes, but also to fight.”
“And you said they were following your car?” Sam asked, his arms over his chest, his heavy brow furrowed. Dean saw him shudder in the cold. “How’d you know?”
Her fingers touched the angel blade for a moment before Alastair had her by her ankle and yanked her back towards him through blood. Cas kicked out and fought back, but Alastair wasn’t as wounded as she was, and he reached down, straddling her again, to wrap his hands around her throat. Cas gasped and grabbed at his hands, a dull blue glow rising up behind her eyes and beginning to peek from the back of her throat.
Dean nodded, clicking the safety off his gun and holding it at his side. Sam did the same thing and the boys joined Bobby at the head of the table, standing on either side of him.
“How rude,” Dean choked, rubbing his lips with his fingers to try to hide his smile. “You aggressively withhold my only exercise from me and then call me flabby? That’s cruel, Castiel.”
“Because,” Dean murmured purposefully, closing the last few inches, his mouth moving slowly, the skin of their lips brushing
“So just like you, then?” Sam retorted, raising his fork with a hearty, gooey serving of apple pie. Dean eyed the forkful and swallowed heavily.
Castiel nodded at Hannah. “I’m at Jewel with Naomi for Tool and at Daft Punk with you during Garbage. I promise,” he assured her, “I won’t leave you alone.”
“You’re a good brother,” Castiel said kindly, coming to a stop at a light where he took the chance to smile at Dean.
The bottle Dean had fetched from the fridge clunked down on his bedside table, and Dean managed to throw Sam a glower before he twisted back into bed, sighing heavily as he rested his tired body back against the headboard. “Is three in the morning really a good time to meet up with some random chick that you’re so embarrassed about that you call her ‘nothing’?” Dean rebutted, twisting off the metal cap and flinging it across the bed to the trash can in the corner.
Fuck that stupid thick lump in his throat. Dean struggled to push a word up around it. He just nodded at her and breathed, “Yes.”
Dean paused as he walked towards the bathroom. “Dude, relax. It’s freaking 6am, we’ve been working all night. Get some shut eye, and then we pick this up again in a few hours. I thought we agreed we’d try to go interview that nanny at some point tomorrow? Let’s shoot for noon. We can stop by the library in town and see if there are any similar supernatural events in the archive.”
Hannah shrugged. “As soon as you started the riot. I mean, Sam and I were going for something more subtle, but since you two planned your riot at the same time as our rescue operation, I had no cover to blow anymore. I just started swinging as I made my way back from Castiel’s drop off.”
Dean met eyes with her. If anyone was going to kill him, it would be her. He’d knocked her right the fuck out the other day and…
His feet picked up their pace as anxiety crawled up his spine, digging its claws into his back and curling it’s meaty palm around his heart, pumping it faster. He was out of his cell unaccompanied. It wasn’t looking good. He, as usual, hadn’t really thought this out too much.
Dean hesitated, glancing from the door over to Sam. “Could I even do that? Could I live in freakin’ Ann Arbor? What about you? The bunker?”
He jutted out Sam’s phone at Dean, standing an arm’s length away. “Sam’s phone,” Castiel grunted, his teeth clenching and jaw jumping. “Naomi found it after Uriel’s show. I wanted to return it before Sam left town.”
“Thank you,” Jack breathed into the flannel of Dean’s shirt, and he buried his face into his neck, sniffling.
“Sleep, eat, yes. Though when ‘charged’, we don’t have powers, we just...don’t fall asleep all over the place and whine about being hungry,” Hael said laughing. “You should’ve seen us in the first few months of existing on earth without our grace. A bunch of uncoordinated, hungry, sleepy, badly-dressed losers. The sheer amount of exhausted, weepy breakdowns was embarrassing.”
Meg looked over her shoulder, following his gaze. To Dean’s displeasure, she snorted and rolled her eyes, stepping away from him. With a critical expression on her face and a mocking tone, she said, “Keep dreaming, writer-boy. Unless you’ve got a diamond necklace hidden in between the pages of your mad scribbles, our Angel of Thursday doesn’t have time to spare for you. Best quit while you’re ahead.”
“You didn’t tell him?” Sam asked with a few hearty blinks down at Hannah, who looked between them bashfully.
Dean went quiet. They both watched him twine and untwine the thread around his finger for a little bit. Then Dean’s eyes flickered back up to Castiel’s face and again, that warm smile graced his features.
“All right,” Sam said. “I’ll keep my phone on me, if you guys find something first, call. We’ll be available.”
For a while he stared at the ground where she’d stood, confused by the rushing fear through his veins, and the uncontrollable anger he felt ramming around in his chest like it was trying to escape. Only after minutes of turbulent emotion did he realise he was staring at the ground, and staring right into a shimmering droplet of blood. It still shone brilliantly even in such a small amount. The bead of crimson had one singular streak of grace, glimmering in the moonlight shining through a narrow gap in his curtains.
“Shut up,” Dean interrupted, giving Cas’ face a firm, gentle shake. “No. I know I’ve been a shit dad to Jack, but I can do better. I’ll be better, okay, I—”
Meg seemed peeved at being interrupted, but she rolled her eyes and nodding, following the depositors and the milkers out of the room. Dumah lingered by the doorway, out in the hallway, watching.
“Anna,” the man had called her, knowing her name. At knife point, he’d insisted she come with him, or suffer his ‘righteous wrath’ and ‘magnanimous deliverance’. She thought all of those things were mutually exclusive, but what did she know?
When Cas’ shoulders gave one last shaky heave, he meant to say something to save himself from the terrible humiliation that would happen when he pulled away and saw Dean’s awkward facial expression, but that didn’t happen.
This was the worst part of their job; when innocent people had to die to save everyone else. It happened way too often and it was always hard, but when it involved kids…
Uriel stared at him, his face dropped, looking unimpressed as he began to shake his head. “What would you be doin’ otherwise? Watching your weird alcoholic dog chase his tail for two days straight, and maybe jerk off to your pristine Outlook productivity tracker when you got time?”
“Man, you’re the best,” Dean chuckled, pulling up his t-shirt collar to wipe his entire face on the inside of his shirt. When he reappeared, they shared a pair of smiles and a comfortable silence, despite the fact that they were staring at each other.
They ended their call, just in time for the Impala to pull into the spot in front of their room. To his surprise, he watched Cas climb out of the passenger seat,
She was looking at him with glossy eyes of her own, not crying, though her cheeks were red and her mouth opened and closed a few times like she didn’t know what to say.
“That’s not true,” Castiel said quietly. When Dean lifted his head to raise an eyebrow at her, she quirked her lip in the corner and added, “You prayed to me earlier today.”
Then all sound and movement rushed back to him like a speeding train and Castiel screamed, one long, agonized sound—
Gadreel was seated on the ground against the trucks flank, staring up shamefully at them, his eyes pinched at the corners, his fingernails digging into the ground by his hips. He wasn’t restrained, though he was kept sitting pretty by the end of Ezekiel’s rifle pointed between his eyes.
“I’m scared of this, Cas,” Dean whispered, feeling broken about it again. It was so much easier to feel full and satisfied, than to face the reality of what that even meant. “This addiction… I’m a junkie and I don’t know how to control this. I dunno how to navigate this...this...
Castiel’s hands stroked at his back and his arms squeezed in reassurance when Dean eventually settled down, going quiet and simply breathing, albeit shakily. When he pulled away, his face was a mess of tears and patchy redness whorled under his skin across his cheeks, but Dean’s eyes were clear and green, brighter than they’d been in a few days. His lips trembled but then smiled anyway, his wobbly hands reaching up to straighten Castiel’s collar.
The sister’s bickering would’ve been endearing were it not for the horror show they encountered in the hallway. Together, they stared out into the chapel, and they saw Dean, with his palm raised, Lilith in the line of fire as the light burst and went hurtling towards her in a massive beam.
“You got some time to talk?” Dean rasped, despite clearing his throat first, trying to dissolve the lump that had formed there since he inhaled that familiar scent of Cas’ shirt, of his skin, his hair, of home.
"This," Alastair chuckled, twirling her blades in his hands, "is for what you did to my torture chambers."
“Yeah, well,” Sam muttered, snapping down the visor to look at his face in the mirror. Dean grinned when Sam realised there actually wasn’t anything on his face and closed it sharply, scowling. “Then maybe you should watch out, Dean, ‘cause you can be a real dick sometimes.”
“It hurts,” Sam complained, glancing down at his arm where Dean was pouring hydrogen peroxide right into the cut. “Be gentle.”
“I beg your pardon?” Zachariah asked coolly, his charming demeanor slipping a bit as he eyed her hand on his arm. “You have something to show me?”
While most people clinked glasses (“To the Winchesters!”), Sam allowed himself to be enveloped in a bear hug by Kevin, who had thankfully been saved (Dean suspected Cas had something to do with that), and Ash, who noogied him beyond the appropriate threshold.
“‘Jealous’ was the word you used before,” Dean reminded him, his lips twitching as he picked up a bean bag with the Led Zeppelin logo and tossed it from one hand to the other. “Jealous.”
“What the hell is this place?” Dean asked as Castiel went up to a few perplexed angels who were in the middle of washing dishes and putting away what looked like leftover food into a big steel fridge.
Ready for this, he nodded and leaned forward, capturing her lips. He could feel her pulse under his mouth and was tempted to sink his teeth into her skin, just to draw some blood, just to have a quick taste.
Chuck went to take a toke, then realised the joint was nothing but a tiny, burnt butt. Sadly, he flicked it aside—much to Dean and Sam’s horror—and shrugged, shoving his hands between his legs. “I get visions, sure, but it’s like watching a movie. You follow the perspective of the main characters most of the time. I don’t see what I want to see. I see what God tells me to see.”
“And then the steps up to the room?” Dean went on, wheezing, pressing a hand to his chest. “Yeah, the second one is really high compared to the first one, so I nearly tripped and slammed my head on the door frame. What a way to go, y’know? Hunted monsters for thirty years, then offed by a door frame and—AHHHHHHHH!”
The absinthe burned as it washed down his throat, coating his esophagus in a stinging layer of pain that he welcomed. Shaking off the warm tingle, Dean tapped the bottom of the glass down hard on the counter. He reached up and wiped his mouth with his hot palm.
“I love you,” she breathed, her shaking hands sliding up between their bodies, fingertips gently resting against his face.
” Dean poked himself hard in the chest, the leather of his jacket creaking under the pressure. More tears dragged down his face, though his tone was oddly steady, laced with frustration and pain. “I was there, by his fucking bed for
Sam stared at the clock, his chest tight, his eyes burning. He was supposed to save the world, he was supposed to make up with Dean. And the world was going to perish in fifteen minutes. He should’ve fought against Zachariah, he shouldn’t have pretended to go along with it, shouldn’t have offered to stay in the room. Now, the world was gonna burn, Dean would die trying to save everyone, and Sam had to live with the knowledge that his own selfish desire to not be a freak had come between them. He shoulda told the angels to take a hike like Dean had ordered him to in the first place.
Completely ignoring him, Charlie stood up on tiptoes again and stared at the curtains, listening to the crowd clap. “When was intermission? Half-hour ago? If the script is right—” Charlie leaned down again, tugging a script from a pocket in her skirt. She rifled through the pages. “Hmm...Sam
After turning off the stove, Dean picked up the plate and moved it over to the table. He slid onto the bench and started loading up.
“No, I don’t think so,” Castiel offered, his lip twitching. As much as he wanted to play nonchalant around his office crush, it was hard not to participate in the joking when he knew Dean enjoyed it so much.
“You were looking after us,” Dean said in revelation, his eyes scanning Hannah’s face. “You never hurt us, not really. And that one time in the caf, you were covering for Cas and I.”
“You forget how to use a phone or what?” Dean snapped, scowling at her when they all dropped the weapons and duffels on the map table. “You shoulda called us, Cas!”
“Why the fuck does he care?” Sam growled. They were launching into the same conversation they had every few months. It was like a broken record. “He was the one that told me that if I left, I wouldn’t be welcomed back. Does he not remember that? He told me I was a disappointment to Mom, to her memory. He said Mom would
Castiel’s laugh—which Dean now recognized as fake—rung out and she waved a hand at Balthazar. “Balthazar, there is no need to pretend anymore. Our dear Duke has met the creative team and the
Sam’s huffy laughter sounded somewhere behind him. “I know exactly what you mean. I can see how Balthazar is going broke. How can they afford all this luxury?”
Naomi | 2:47 (September 26th, 2019): Say no more, I shall come to bear witness. Praise be to his biceps.
With Leia against her chest, Cas pulled away, shuffling from Dean, closer to the other end of the couch. She stared at the TV and murmured, “Thank you for the things. Good luck with the case. Tell Sam thank you, as well.”
Dean didn’t have time to care about them. A part of him was tempted, now knowing that Hannah had been on their side the entire time—who else was helping them?—but he rushed past Hannah and Alfie, who were both yelling at the freed men, instructing them on where to run.
“Me either!” Charlie cried out, waving her smoke. “Quit being gross so my reputation remains intact.”
Minutes before he would be done packing, Dean was interrupted from his worried tornado of thoughts by a knocking on his door.
. He hadn’t been hit by a car, or killed by a demon, or bitten by a vampire. He was in the Empty—or was he? Was he even in the Empty? Would God have been so merciful, to let Castiel’s son just go to sleep for eternity? That may have been too much of a mercy for that horrible, self-important little man to have bestowed.
Bobby had to yell over the sound of the kitchen cabinets open and closing with a series of bangs. “We’re in a salt ring, but we’re surrounded. Pam’s already started on the ritual, you boys stay alive ‘til it’s done—AHH!”
In the house, Dean watched angels gather in rooms all around. The house was bustling with activity. A few angels arrived on the main floor from what seemed to be a basement, carrying baskets of laundry, while others gathered in what seemed to be a living room, piled on couches, tending to wounds with bandages and first-aid kits. In a room to the left, what looked to be a dining room at one point, there were cots set up and one vaguely familiar blond woman was bustling around, tending to the injured.
“I left feeding instructions for Mabbles,” Jamie said, her voice shaking. “I know you’re iffy about cats but I think Claire would really dig having a cat. And Mabbles is really low maintenance, y’know? Pet her once a day, and stick your finger in her kibble once in a while to stir up the scent. She’ll think it’s fresh; she’s an idiot. And—”
the angel Hannah sang, crawling up Castiel’s body. She curled her arm around her waist and held her close like a lover’s embrace, resting her head on her shoulder.
Dean threw the bone out the open window and rolled up the glass, throwing a look of disapproval over at Sam. “Be nice to me, I just got back from Hell.”
Dean wouldn’t ever admit to anyone that the gesture was so damn comforting. A part of him had been wondering if Cas would be willing to forgive Daphne’s transgressions if freedom was something within his reach. But judging by the protective way Cas was holding him, Cas definitely saw him as more than just a prison bunk lover.
Dean laughed in a bark as he handed Cas a drink—a tall, cold glass filled to the brim with blended ice and some pink liquid. A paper umbrella tipped sideways out of the top, the edges wilted as the condensation soaked into the flimsy teal paper.
Meg looked impatient, gesturing out at the audience from the shadows. "The Duke is trying to have your brother
“Fuck, dad!” Sam’s glass clunked hard down onto the table. “Wow, can you never say anything like that ever again?”
The phone hung up abruptly, but Dean stared at it as the screen went from the call screen to his boring blue wallpaper. Something had been off about that call. Cas’ voice had been off, too business, too monotone. And she’d prepared demon blood for him to drink?
Again, she left him, her converse clapping down onto the smooth floor. As they faded away, he found only a little comfort in the fact that she chose to leave this time with all the information, with nothing unsaid. She’d made the educated decision this time.
Silence fell over the table between the friends, despite the rest of the club continuing on, the sounds of laughter, music, and talking filling the space around them.
Castiel lowered himself slowly into a crouch, his heart sinking and chest aching. He wanted so desperately to still be angry, to amplify that small voice inside him that wanted to protect him from being used again, but that huge part of him that loved Dean was winning.
Mom and Dad got up from their seats, their fingers intertwined. John looked young and happy, his cheeks round and dimpled like from the photos Dean had seen in his house as a child. Mary looked youthful and joyous too, her hair long and curly, thrown up in a ponytail, her wavy fringe cascading around her grinning face. He saw her mouth "Dean", and her eyes drift over to Sam. “My babies,” she laughed, bringing her hand to her mouth in a watery chuckle.
Ignoring him, Sam tapped once on the keyboard and turned the laptop towards Dean, pointing. “Got it. It’s about an hour away.”
Dean shook his head, obviously disappointed, and walked away. As he walked through the pews, Castiel following his path just a few pews up, and Dean rambled on, “...and I told you about the surprise plans, so now you’re just gonna know what they are when I try to do it again. And I mean, I guess that’s okay, but I was really looking forward to doing, y’know, uh, something for you—”
Dean caught himself on the island as he came to a stop and rolled his eyes. “Spoilsport. If it’s making you dizzy, don’t lo--”
When he returned, Dean was propped up on his elbows, watching him curiously, but when he saw the jar in Castiel’s hands, his eyebrows went up. “Oh. I see how it is,” he teased, shimmying his hips on the bed, his cock bobbing. “Tryna butter me up by
“Go,” Balthazar said from the stool, off to the side, his tone tight. “I’ll stay with our star. You’re needed elsewhere.”
“Curious,” she challenged, “that Daniel gets the angel in the end. I wonder where that fantastical idea came from? I’m inclined to agree with Zachariah; I don’t understand why she would allow herself to fall in love with Daniel when Zyon can offer her power and protection.”
“Give me my child,” Castiel whispered dully, his eyes wet and vision blurry. All of him was wet; bloody, sweaty, his face slick with tears. As his child’s cries crescendoed, his heart seemed to swell and his stomach squeezed in panic as he realized they might not give her back. “She’s mine.”
He pressed a hand to his chest. “Actual me. Not some jock who puts on a show around people. I just—”
Dean watched the side of his brother’s face, noting the anger etched in the depths of his wrinkles fade and wisp away like smoke.
“The moment Castiel put her lips on you, Heaven was lost,” she snapped after them, her heels clicking on cobblestone. “This fling of yours will ruin everything—”
To his surprise, she didn’t seem angry that he’d pretended not to know. Instead, Castiel looked away from him and her face when blank, her only words were, “I’m a bad person, Dean.”
Jamie raised her eyes from the lock and yelped, jumping back, too. Jimmy’s neighbour, Roger—gross dude, used to hit on Jamie at barbeques—stood right up against the glass door, smirking. His eyes were black.
Castiel raised his head, staring at his dead child through wet lashes, pulling a breath into his lungs thinly. Dean wasn’t even sure if Cas was really seeing anything, his eyes glossed over in thick tears. “Hael?” Castiel whispered. “Hael is one of mine?”
“Hey!” Dean barked loudly all of a sudden, snapping his fingers. “Listen to me! If you brought me back broken, then
“And you haven’t been courageous enough to ask for his, of course,” she replied simply, sniffing and adjusting her arms back onto the jean jacket she leaned on.
“I didn’t mean ‘em,” Dean pleaded suddenly, raising his head. His eyes were wet and pleading, his hands wringing between his knees. “I fucking
“Your hair always looks alright, stunner,” Lee teased, leaning his elbow on Uriel’s shoulder and earning himself a high-five.
To his surprise, she was watching Dean while she stroked Castiel, her face looking defeated, her mouth open and eyes open in realization. When she looked back towards Castiel, she stared up at him with the air of someone who was broken, and sorry, and wanted forgiveness. She also looked quickly over at Dean before returning her gaze onto Castiel, and suddenly Cas realised that she knew. She knew what just transpired between him and Dean. She’d put the pieces of the puzzle together, noticed the meaningful holding of their gaze.
It was Cas. Dean jerked the steering wheel, maneuvering himself to the side of the road so he could focus.
To think that steamy image came from Dean’s mind...and that it was of two men in a copier room that looked strangely like theirs.
For a second, everything seemed fine, like two people just enjoying the come down from a good fuck, but Dean still hadn’t moved or said anything after nearly half a minute, so Castiel shifted to the side, uncaring about the slippery, now sticky, mess that was his hand. “Dean?” he asked, his tone lifted in question.
Following the staunch scent of burnt coffee grounds (and the slight hint of dog poop, Jack must've taken the situation into his own hands—paws), Castiel stopped in front of the machine and stared at the yellow sticky note with Dean's writing.
Caring for her was easy; she graciously accepted the bath he drew for her, and drank the soup and tea. She clung to his side in bed, and hummed as he caressed her face and scratched her scalp with his nails, but she didn’t say much.
of that,” Cas snapped, looking away, glaring at the flickering, dying lantern. She winced again as the babies behind her hiccuped and got louder in their sounds of distress.
“Well, let me get you a fresh one.” Dean’s hand, still on Castiel’s back, urged him forward towards the stand as they reached the front. “On me.”
“Okay,” Pamela said, clapping her hands, interrupting Bobby’s griping. “So we’re all fed, we’ve got groceries in the trunk, our headaches are gone. Let’s go over what we talked about; Heaven’s sent angels to recruit you two for, what, some celestial mission?”
With a nod, Cas turned back around, bracing himself on the bed, and Dean took the cue. Shuffling forward on his knees, Dean took his cock in one hand, pressing the tip against Cas’ flushed, shining, waiting hole. In his other hand, he held Cas’ shoulder.
“Can you just come fly me to the church? Cas, I’m fucking confused. Last time I saw you, you were giving me your blood to help me deal with demon blood withdrawal, and now—”
With shaking hands, he pulled the thin pants off his hips and down his legs, kicking them aside, pausing to pant as everything tightened again--pain exploded between his legs and seemed to break everything in his lower back. He felt blood slip against his skin and under him on the floor. He was sure, after this was all done with, he’d be paralyzed, his spine broken into pieces, his pelvis shattered. The child wouldn’t fit, there was no way.
“No,” Castiel said lightly, pulling away and stepping out of their embrace. “Although I should do the polite thing and text him.”
Despite himself, despite every bit of poise and propriety his mother had tried to instill in him, Castiel blurted out, “Sounds stupid.”
Uriel appeared at the threshold to the kitchen and the study, smirking. Cas stood behind him, looking grim.
“....then I put in a quarter into the machine and i-it wasn’t working so I shoved my arm in the bottom and only after it freakin’ caught, I realised that I was stuck. I started yanking at it and the vending machine was
was the cause. Whatever reason he’d thought she’d had about not wanting to be with him, this was last on his list.
When he turned to survey Dean, he was already looking at him, his freckled face flushed but beaming, a big, dopey smile spread across his features.
"S—" Dean inhaled in a gasp, tugging at his t-shirt collar with trembling fingers. "S-Starts with an 'x'."
With a breath that shook, he exhaled slowly and admitted hoarsely, shrugging his shoulders. “I know it doesn’t mean much to you now, I know it doesn’t fix anything, but there was a reason I had to ask you to leave. I swear to God that there was a reason. I didn’t want to, Cas. It--”
“How do you know each other?” Naomi asked sharply, raising her brows over her sunglasses. “I’ve never heard of you.”
Cas pulled away a bit, and Dean interpreted the expression on her face to mean rejection. Quickly, he started up, “I know you can’t, though. I know this was a one-time-thing for the angels. I know it, I just—”
“Charlie,” Castiel explained quietly, “there are other ways to catch and hold the Duke’s attention and secure his financial commitment.”
“Heeeey!” Charlie exclaimed, waving her arms, the rainbow pom-poms attached to her wrists glittering madly in the air above Uriel’s head. “Dean! Cas is here!”
“You are pure, Cas,” Dean murmured. “Nothing they did to you can change how good you are, okay? I...I—God, I just want to touch you, to m-make you feel okay, but I won’t force myself on you, not like these fucking monsters. Even though this universe makes me feel like you’re mine…”
“Same diff,” Dean muttered. “Anyway, I’m not worried. The wood chips that coroner was scooping outta the victim’s stomachs didn’t touch my skin, I was wearing those gloves.”
When he tugged open the door, Dean was leaning on the frame with his forearm and his knee-weakening smirk was curled on his lips.
Uriel was standing by the altar, angel blade in hand, appearing as if he had just arrived. His eyes were wide and he jerked his head up as Castiel approached.
But it turned out, being attached to each other basically for their entire lives, had taught Sam a thing or two about how to imitate Dean. The character of Daniel came to life on Sam’s face, from the haunted look in his eye when the character talked about Hell, to the look of defiance as he talked to Celeste.
“You good to go?” she asked after a minute, when his hips stopped jerking a bit and he rested his face on his arm.
Strangely, Uriel reached forward and smoothed down her tie, eyeing the shiny material before his eyes flickered upwards and he chuckled, “Perhaps, Castiel. Perhaps not. I imagine Dean wouldn’t agree to this if you were to die, at least right away, but I'm sure he could be persuaded after some demon blood. Perhaps when he’s drunk and swaying from the overwhelming power high, then he’ll finish you off.”
“Please,” she groaned. “It’s irresponsible of you two to lie to this poor sad sap. Castiel is not in love, you pathetic fool. This is reality, not one of your plays. The only thing Castiel’s heart beats for is money and fame. She’s probably screaming the Duke’s name right now as he slides a diamond necklace around her neck.”
Jimmy and Jamie screamed after Tammy as she grabbed Claire and dragged her from the room, although Claire was giving them hell, kicking and biting…
“I got a bunch of non-perishables,” Dean prattled on, hoping that if he kept talking she wouldn’t interrupt or stop him, and hoping that if he kept his hands busy, she wouldn’t see them shake. “That shit basically never expires so you can keep it for a while. There’s like, granola bars and stuff, too so you can eat on the way to work and no one on the bus is gonna stare at you weird, ‘cause it’s not like you’re eating a bowl of cereal, heh. And, like, there’s other things in here that I let the lady at the store pick out. Just so you know when you open that bigger box and there’s a breast sucker thing in there…” Dean shrugged, wincing at Cas as he gestured to one particular bag that seemed to have corners. “Eh, but, uh, you probably already have that, right? I dunno. I’ll give you the receipt, you can exchange stuff if you already got it, I--”
“For you,” Sam corrected in return, his tone insistent. “I hope she stays, Dean. If she makes you happy, if you guys are in love—”
A sense of discontent fell over Dean, and he was sure Cas felt it too. Something was off, something was different. He looked up to her face and saw that she not only smelled of cologne, but of wine too. And she was watching him with hard eyes. Cas wasn’t there, only the Angel of Thursday, the character she played, her stage persona.
There was a heavy silence where he waited a moment, expecting to be stabbed through the curtain, but when certain death didn’t come, he peered out from behind thick fabric.
The smile that spread on Sammy’s face made him look like he was five years old, like Dean had just told him they were gonna skip the microwaved beans and bread for dinner, and just eat popcorn and gummy bears instead.
“He needed to die,” Castiel said. He was horrified at how steady his voice was. “His presence alone was making people sick. It was killing them.”
Hannah clapped him on the shoulder and pointed up towards the stairs the three other guards had come in through.
