“Sleepy. Think the valium is taking effect.” John slurs a bit.
“Yes sir”
I lift my protectors as well. I’m happy “The drill instructor I had in the Army insisted everyone learn to shoot right-handed as most weapons are geared that way. These 45’s can be used by either, there is a safety on both sides. The clip ejector is geared to be used with the right thumb however.” I show Sherlock, not sure how much he knows about semi-autos.
“Good. I want someone who will protect me, I’m tired of being called names all the time. I’ll need someone brave and gentle and kind. They’ll have to have a brain to keep up with my cleverness. Oh, and they’d have to have the most beautiful blue eyes and shiny gold hair. And they’ll have to like to play pirates with me.” Six year old Sherlock pulls out a toy tin soldier out of his back pocket to show to his Mum.
It feels great to be home again!
“There’s more?”
“The older one pulled a knife, what was I supposed to do, let Sherlock or I get stabbed? Not if I can help it!” I grumble back. “Besides, his arm is only sprained; I’m a Doctor, I know how to sprain people.” I calmly take a sip of tea while Lestrade just stares at me in disbelief. “Who are these two idiots anyway?” I finally ask.
Sherlock quickly sits, crossing his legs, bouncing the top one in agitation.
Kevin is once again standing in the back, holding onto the roll bar. “Okay Sherlock, if you head up the hill like you’re going to the office but stay to the right we’ll end up at the first of the gun ranges. When you get to the barn, go through the open gate next to it and park. There are a few ranges, this one has targets out to 350-yards. There is another with up to 1000-yards, a couple with clay pigeon launchers and an obstacle course we’ll go by later. I use this and the obstacle course the most.” He finishes up as Sherlock turns off the engine.
“Thanks love. Rosie is coming down with Greg, Molly and the twins; they should be here by noon. Forgot to tell you she texted earlier and can stay with us until classes start up again mid-January.” Patting the seat cushion next to him on the sofa while happily biting off the head of his gingerbread man.
John winces himself.
“Wow.”
Sherlock’s has a large grin “I’ll have to check the hives out later.” Wandering back to his laptop.
Feeling better already, playful, “What would you prefer? Sweet thing, sugar nuts, oh, I know, honey buns.” giggling.
“Ok John, I have us on a flight leaving Heathrow on September 22nd. We’ll be in first class, I can’t abide flying coach.” He gives a full body shudder. “We’ll land in New York where we will stay for a few days then fly to the west coast and stay in San Francisco overnight. I also rented us a vehicle for California. We should be at your friends place by the afternoon of the 28th.”
Sherlock rushes to John’s side next to Mycroft as he explains, “He was talking and suddenly stopped mid word. He had a seizure, less than thirty seconds; teeth clicking, mild tremors in his limbs” Sherlock stares at John in shock as John begins to moan.
That did it. The only other person to call me a ‘pet’ was Moriarty, I’m not going there ever again. “I SAID ENOUGH!” Angry Captains voice. I am delighted to see her cringe. Then I growl at her “I. AM. NO. ONES. PET!” I grab Sherlock by the wrist before either can say anything more and enter the building. For once he has to keep up with me I’m so furious.
Sherlock mumbles while scrutinizing the picture “You contribute more than you realize John, don’t sell yourself short.” He gently swats my arm, pointing at something on the screen with the other. “What does that look like to you?”
Looking up at his husband in awe, “Yes sir.” Uncrossing his legs and reaching up for Rosie.
“Oh, John dear, you know me too well. My friend Irma passed away yesterday, she was a year younger than me.”
“Nonsense dear, you have known each other for ages. Frankly we thought the two of you were together before from reading John’s blog and some of your brother’s comments.” Violet admits.
Mycroft tries again, “John…” still condescending.
Clapping him on the shoulder, “And that’s why you’re a Detective Inspector. Got everything?”
Standing up, looking down my nose, my most haughty expression and command him, “I really don’t want to hear it. There is nothing you can say to me. You had best find a way to placate your friend though. Use your time wisely.” I walk with Rosie in the opposite direction, I need a few minutes to calm us both down as well.
Sherlock is speechless as the ambulance team barges into the flat followed by Mrs. Hudson.
“Ta Greg. I’ll probably stay close to home for a while.” I look up at Sherlock “Ready to go love?” He squeezes my shoulder again and nods, taking a step toward the door.
3.	Bondage
Sherlock heads back down to the house as Rosie is starting to fall asleep, it would be better for her to sleep in her cot as opposed to my lap.
Eventually we drive down the hill, visiting the eastern edge of the Garcia River. The River isn’t as deep at this end having fewer tributaries so it’s a bit warmer as a result. Sherlock took samples without incident this time as I attended to Rosie.
Sherlock frowns at Greg, “He’s not homeless.” Waving a hand before typing again, “John can stay here as long as he wants. There’s another bedroom upstairs I don’t use if he wants it.” He absently mentions while typing away at Greg’s computer. “Look, there are over a dozen more suspicious files added just this month.” Turning the laptop back to the Inspector.
When finished, John walks into the kitchen to see the mess Sherlock made while doing something with Rosie. Kissing the top of Rosie’s head from where she’s sitting in her highchair, playing with her bee toy, he greets Sherlock, “Good morning love.”
She teases back with an all knowing grin “Should be interesting for you traveling with two toddlers John.”
I nod, “Sure, either way is fine with me. Just remember I’d prefer not to drive if I don’t have to.”
Sherlock stops moving and smirks at her, “Oh, I wouldn’t say that… You two left quite a bloody mess at the Smith house. Should be more careful when breaking and entering through windows.” Looking at her closely, “You’re pregnant.” Roberta’s eyes widen, “Oh, interesting. Incest. Does he know?” Sherlock chances a glance over to her brother, “No, probably not since he is seeing another woman on the side. The girlfriend must not know about you or this profession.”
“No. No, he’s right. It’s been too long, since before the divorce actually.” Greg admits, turning a deeper shade of red.
John can feel his orgasm start to build and begins to take longer and harder thrusts. Too soon John hears Sherlock howl out his name as he climaxes, untouched, collapsing his upper body upon their kitchen table. With two final thrusts the orgasm that hits John is more intense than any he can ever remember.
“You would not be disturbing me. There’s nothing to do here… I need… I need a distraction. Please stay, visit, and talk with me.” The dark-haired stranger is pleading.
“Yes. I experienced a seizure while in hospital. I had never undergone one before. Mr. Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock Holmes’ elder brother was a witness. I also seem to have developed an aversion to red meat since the incident as well.” When John finished the glint in Lawyer Daggett’s eyes gleamed a bit brighter.
Sherlock nervous, “Do you miss women?” He can’t look at John.
The original founders of the law thought that petty crime would slowly become non-existent over time. That however, did not happen. More and more of the populace were becoming slaves as paid workers were replaced by cheaper, or free, labour. At first private citizens, then corporations eventually took over the sale of slaves, a cut of each sale went into the Governmental coffers.
Sherlock seeing John so upset, “I’ll never use again John. I promised.” Rushing over to kneel in front of John.
“Next to Sherlock I’d say you’re one of my best friends. You free or did Sherlock snap you up already?” I ask with a grin, bouncing a now giggling Rosie on my knee.
Sherlock checks bringing out a large can.
“So you got him pregnant anyway.” Sherlock’s mother offers indignantly.
“Idiot. I love you.” Pulling Sherlock into a hug. “I’m sorry I lost track of the time.”
I will never, ever leave you.
John smiles and waves, “Happy Christmas Doctor and thank you!” Before entering to find Sherlock.
“Okay. Show me what is in your box.” I walk over to the couch to sit.
It does sound nice, “Right. You’re right.” I finally give in and rubbing my temple text Molly slowly left handed.
“I was wondering, could you, um? Could you lay down in the bedroom and think? I sleep better with you near…”
Very quietly from Harry “Yes, I need help. I can’t do this on my own. I’ve hurt too many people already.”
He has until noon to be there.
Sherlock halts dialling his phone, “Why do you want to talk with Mycroft?”
“You know very well that I never went camping. I was lucky I was allowed outdoors what with violin and language lessons.” The pouting, “I had to sneak out to have any fun.”
“What the fuck Sherlock?!” (Another gasp) As John staggers back a step before commanding, “Stop!”
“I had nothing to do with this, I forgot just as you did!” He protests.
“I’ll be up with tea and biscuits in a bit.” She laughs back and returns to her flat.
I lean into him a bit “Ta love” patting his hands over my abdomen. “Shall we bring in the last of our stuff then?” Sherlock kisses the back of my head and releases me grabbing a bag in each hand.
“I know. I know. I don’t want to leave the place a mess though. Mycroft will have workmen in the place renovating 221C and adding a bath upstairs for Rosie.” Throwing the encased pillow on the bed and grabbing another.
The tech hands John a sterile pad. John closes his eyes a moment and takes a calming breath. “Seriously? I’ll see what I can do when we get to hospital. Keep your arm pressed down on this, button yourself back up. Then you can help me limp to Greg’s car.” Pointing at the silver sedan coming around the corner with his right hand.
“Trevor? An old boyfriend then?” I can’t help but feel a bit jealous.
As I sit and take a sip I start. “Sherlock, I need to tell you something. You know how hard it is for me to say things like this…” I sit back in my chair and close my eyes for a moment and begin again. Sherlock is looking intently at me.
“Joe has been living in his car along with his dog. The dog isn’t allowed in any of the shelters or housing he’s qualified for so far, and he won’t give up the dog. Seems they were both homeless and the dog is much healthier now than when Joe found it.”
“You would do that for me? How did I not see that?” Surprised and confused.
Rushing up the stairs, he opens the door to their flat to find Sherlock sitting, looking rather forlorn, in his leather chair, knees pulled into his chest. Sherlock’s parents are on the couch, scowling at Sherlock.
“Oh I think we are past all that, don’t you?” Smirking, “I just wonder if you are ready for when he breaks your heart and leaves you.”
“I could have lost you today…I, I…, John, think about it.” He looks like he needs to pace. “A reward/punishment regimen, I would have to think about my consequences of my actions more fully. I can’t make the right decisions, I require help.” Almost a whisper “I need you teach me.”
“Good thing I picked some up at the shops on my way home from the clinic then.”
“Y, yes sir” as he starts to gather supplies.
“No, stay, please”
The local economy was in much better shape by the time were through. Kevin had a couple ice chests in the back of his Suburban and took most of the purchased items. The nappies and wipes where put in the back of our SUV in case of need.
He hesitates a minute, letting the dogs lick his hands through the gate. “Yeah, just not used to people around much anymore. I’ve been more or less on my own for the last 18-months. Except for the dogs I’m all alone.”
Mrs. Hudson adds rising, “We were Sherlock. John was telling us about some of the cases and when he realized he had fallen in love with you and when he first suspected you felt the same. He loves you dear, don’t throw that away.” She steps closer, past John to put a hand on Sherlock’s arm, “You were miserable when John wasn’t around. Are you sure you want be that lonely again?” she asks him quietly.
Sherlock ran into Bart’s to return a few no longer needed body parts and possibly pick up a few others Molly set aside for him. I went off to the shops to refill our pantry and the chemists for a few other personal supplies we were running low on. Even with the multiple locations I went to, I still made it back to the flat with my bags of goodies before Sherlock. I decided to remove some of the ‘eloquent’ dust while Sherlock was not around to berate me.
“Why so many? I don’t understand…”
He squeezes my hand again. “Understandable in the circumstances. Go on…”
Sherlock sits and takes up his cup for a sip. “I would like an evening ceremony John. Half six is a good time. We can have the ceremony then wander through the park and go to Angelo’s for supper.”
“Ta Mycroft, knew we could count on you.” I hang up before he can reply.
Sherlock huffs a low “Oh god!” then adds louder, sarcastically “I presume you’ll want us to feed you as well?”
A big goofy grin crosses his face “I did as a matter of fact!”
Sherlock and I are both looking around us with our jaws dropped. The redwood trees surrounding the place are huge! Kevin can’t help but laugh. “You think these are big, just think of how large the one across the creek was before it fell.” He points at what is easily a 40-foot diameter ring of trees “those trees there are suckers from the roots off the original redwood. Must have been a monster when it was alive!”
“That’s it, no more pub nights for you without me present!” Firm.
Scanning around again to be sure everything is, in fact secure, John spots Sherlock sitting on the ground, cradling his right arm to his chest in obvious pain. He hears Rosie crying, in the house, with the dogs barking and howling along with her. Agent Parks a few yards away is just coming around from being knocked out and agent Kreisler is tied and gagged in the dog run. Agent Burton is MIA, presumably still up at the ‘office’ resting.
Sussex Downs
Sherlock practically runs into the wardrobe where we hide his box from prying eyes. I hear the rustle of the bag and the box lid shut as I walk to the bed. He hurries back, trying not to look too eager. I can’t help but grin at his enthusiasm.
Mike nodding, “He used to like their chicken salad sandwich, had it almost every day, sometimes for lunch and dinner. They still have it on the menu. Would you like me to bring you back a couple? No trouble, my treat.”
Sherlock slows down, there is a crossroad ahead. Kevin taps him on the left shoulder “Go left, we’ll go down to the river. There is no fishing on the ranch, apparently they are all spawning streams for steelhead. The fish in the creek by the cabin were planted according to Diana’s friend, no fish can get up the 30-foot waterfall. We can see that, there is an old logging road that overlooks the top and a steep trail to the bottom.
Cough, cough, “I (cough) called emergency services (cough), told them (cough) to bring me (cough) to you…” A click and a thud can be heard along with laboured breathing.
A few more twists and turns and we end up in the river bed at a crossing. I don’t know about the other two but I could use a break to stretch my legs. “Can we stop for a few? Rosie needs changing and I could use a bit of a stretch.”
A member of the wait staff brings by their bill. Turning over the check to leave money, John pales, spits out the coffee in his mouth and shoves the bill over to his tablemate with a shocked “Sherlock!”
John, carefully sitting up, “Do they still have the chicken salad?” hopeful tone.
I fill a glass with water, take my half pill and sit on the other side of Rosie. “I’ll finish here if you want to go back up to bed. My shoulder will keep me awake until the hydrocodone takes effect.” I reach over to take the spoon but Sherlock keeps it.
Wild eyed, “Are you alright?” John asks of Sherlock in a strained voice.
He nods “Yes Captain.”
Before he can step away “I thought I heard Rosie cry…”
“We’ll run a paternity test as soon as the baby is born.” Sherlock looks up, frowning, “You have doubts?”
At the bench Sherlock puts a bullet in the chamber, aims, takes a quick breath and pulls the trigger.
If you are young enough that you believe Santa Clause breaks into your home to leave presents once a year, kindly skip this chapter...
“No, he said he was going to but Rosie started to fuss so he came home instead.” Mrs. H accounts.
“I’d rather everyone not know what we do in the privacy of our home and that includes Greg.” Sherlock takes a slow deep breath and leans down “By the way, you never did say how long I have to wear this blasted cage sir” he murmurs in my ear.
I smile at him “You never know, I found someone when I least expected it”
“Good, ok.” I reach into the box and pull out what looks like a bit in leather. “Is this a bit?” I ask with a raised eyebrow.
“I said they can be used on the scrotum and inner thighs as well.” Not much louder, but loud enough for me to hear.
Lestrade, sitting across from Sherlock at the desk, “How do you know he had a bad night?” he asks curiously.
About the time I finish putting what I need in the jar and try to seal it, Sherlock is done washing the greens. He leans against my back and reaches around me carefully to hold the jar while I tighten the lid. “Thanks” I kiss his cheek “just needs a good shake when you’re ready to use it.”
Before anyone else can say anything Mike replies, “I was summoned.” Holding up his cell phone again. “I am John Watson’s primary and will be taking over his care.” Holding out his hand for the chart she was writing on. “And you should be doing treatment updates on the computer, hospital policy” pointing a thumb at the computer mounted in the corner.
The Fairmont had the suite we used last month available when we arrived, Sherlock did have a lengthy discussion with them day before we left Kevin’s. We arranged through Mycroft to ship three cases of hard apple cider via a diplomatic flight, unfortunately they didn’t have enough room on the plane for anything else. The boxes we had shipped to Kevin we arranged to send back to Baker Street through the hotel concierge.
No sooner than he stated that when the children started to loudly sing out ‘Good King Wenceslas’ off key.
“I, I, do I really need one? You’re the best man I know…” Sherlock stammers back turning pink.
It works on one Holmes brother, maybe it’ll work on the other. I sit up straight, stare him in the eyes and order “There is nothing wrong, leave it be.”
I gently massage Sherlock’s neck, shoulders, and arms down to his fingertips. I turn off the light and pull the covers over the both of our cooling, sweaty bodies. When I hear his gentle snoring I stop stroking and gently hold him against me as I fall asleep.
“NO! Absolutely not, no.” Frowning.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes, our driver here is Detective Inspector Lestrade of New Scotland Yard.” Sherlock offers.
My daughter, with a LOT of help from Sherlock, surprised me with breakfast in bed this morning. Rosie then insisted (via Sherlock) we had to spend the day at the zoo. I did, thankfully, prearrange to have a dinner delivered from our favourite Italian eatery, Angelo’s. We whipped up a quick salad, had a lovely dinner of mushroom ravioli and a risotto Sherlock prefers. Ended up having dinner and a movie, can’t believe Sherlock had never seen The Princess Bride before. Sherlock even said we’ll have to watch it again when Rosie is older and can appreciate it better (she fell asleep in the fire swamp!).
John is leaning on the bar as he mumbles “Sherlock, I don’t feel…” as his knees give out and his eyes roll back in a faint.
By this time Sherlock has two fingers in. I feel him go a bit deeper, then almost lose my balance as he gently brushes a finger across my prostate. He continues to suck and lick my cock while brushing against my prostate. I hear moans and groaning echoing around the room and it takes a minute for me to realize that it’s me! “Sherlock, please….” I beg of him again. He just hums around my cock again, I can’t take much more of this. Sherlock pulls off of my cock, I’m getting too close, he adds a third finger. He gently stretches and pumps his fingers in and out. I can’t help but notice my moans are getting more desperate sounding.
“Don’t tell me you don’t want me, I see the way you look at me.”
Greg Lestrade enters the flat and hears strange noises coming from down the hall. The odd sounds are followed by John’s voice pleading “Please, oh god, please” followed a groan. Knowing all the enemies the two men have collected through the years Greg draws his firearm and works his way quickly and quietly down the hall, following the noise.
Nodding with a fond smile, “Yes, Alton Brown, I’m impressed you remembered. Thought you had deleted the whole ordeal.”
Reluctantly Sherlock looks at John.
I grimace in pain and growl “No, you git! She struck my shoulder twice with a pipe. Fucking hell it hurts! I can’t tell, I’m going to have to get it x-rayed to make sure nothings broken.” I allow Sherlock to help me up and to the street.
“She, um…”
I’m a bit confused. HPV can be tested for with a simple pelvic exam in women. Kevin must see the look on my face and pipes up before I can ask. “She didn’t go to the OBGYN until it was too late, it had spread. Be sure to get your little girl to have her annual physical as she grows. It wasn’t a pleasant way to go. A nice lady from hospice moved in with us toward the end to help.” Kevin closes his eyes and squares his shoulders “That’s enough of that for now. Let me help you with your luggage.” He looks in the window at Rosie sleeping in her car seat. “Or show you to your rooms so she can sleep more comfortably.”
John is on the verge of a panic attack, Sherlock can tell his breathing is changing, just starting to hyperventilate as Sherlock sits next to John, putting an arm over his shoulders and pulling John carefully into an embrace, mindful of his sore left shoulder. “Relax John” he murmurs into John’s ear, “breathe with me now. In… out.” Pulling John closer, Sherlock starts to caress the back of his neck, over his shoulder blades and back up his neck. Softly, whispering in John’s ear “Relax, keep breathing with me. In… out.”
Standing in front of him, Sherlock looks over John’s head, “I was captured on a job for my brother in Serbia. Thankfully I managed to escape and get word out before I was caught again. I was rescued while being tortured.” Looking John in the eyes, “I do know exactly how you feel. Let. Me. Help.”
“I could never leave you like that again John.” Looking John in the eyes, repentant.
Mycroft opens the tin on the bedside table, enabling John access.
“Sherlock, you are so good with her!” Mrs. H beams at him and asks us both “Has she started to walk yet?”
“My head hurts, I have double vision and nausea, light sensitive. Just like he said.” John growls as Sherlock looks at Doctor Barnes smugly.
5.	Kink (Medical/Military)
“Watson, John Watson. My partner here can help me shower and shave.” Squeezing Sherlock’s hand in his. “If you could have someone change the linens on the bed that would be fantastic.”
“Walked in on us?” Sherlock takes a deep breath, “John and Mycroft know what happened and I would really like to not have to go over it again.” Looking down the hall toward the bathroom. “Especially today.”
“Peaceful here, isn’t it John?” Sherlock asks me out of the blue.
Stephon looks at me then back at Sherlock in disbelief. “Is this for a case? Surely you aren’t settling down!” he exclaims with a look of disdain.
“You’d be a fool not to take it John. It’s closer to home than the clinic you’re at now. Better hours, pay and day-care! Just think about it John.” Mike practically begs.
In the end, Papa Sherlock had to assure Rosie that he would interrogate the man when he showed up. If needs be, her Daddy John could rugby tackle Santa and hold him until they got the information needed. Granted, these deeds would most assuredly land them on the naughty list for a good number of years to come. Both men assured their daughter that it would be well worth the risk.
“Sherlock, I’m heading to bed.” John calls out from the kitchen doorway. A low mumbled, “night” is all John gets in reply. Sighing, “right” he grabs the baby monitor from the mantle and heads into the bedroom alone.
“That is not an issue Ms. Watson. All can be arranged for you free of charge.” I look at Mycroft in confusion, is he offering to pay for her rehab?
“Don’t be absurd John, it would wreak havoc with your back and shoulder. You will share with me, my bed is more than big enough for two. I made room in the wardrobe and space for another breakfront.” Sherlock waves his hand down the hall to his bedroom.
Sherlock squeezes my hand in his “Yep” popping the ‘p’. “Euros and I, we played it yesterday. It was the only thing she would play. Mycroft had a copy of the recording made for the ceremony, in a way she was here.”
“I thought you might like to join me in a shower, Rosie will be sleeping for at least an hour.” I wiggle an eyebrow at him and saunter off. I hear the TV click off behind me and grin. I turn up the volume on the baby monitor and place it on the desk in our room.
“John?”
In the afternoon Greg texts with a case, a robbery. Mrs. Hudson is out, Molly is working and no one else is free to watch Rosie and the crime scene is the opposite end of town from St. Bart’s. I almost, almost, stayed home with her. Sherlock convinced me to go in the end since there was no body, it should be safe for her to go to her first crime scene. So I donned the harness so Sherlock would be free to move about. The cab ride out to Lauriston Gardens went fairly quickly, Rosie seemed more excited than usual in a cab, but she may have been picking up on Sherlock’s mood.
“You ain’t standin’ at all werewolf!” The older man sneers. “By this time tomorrow you two will be new exhibits in a private zoo in Japan.”
We follow along with Kevin north to Cloverdale and fill up the SUVs then head across the street to the Ray’s market. The market has a good selection of prepared food for Rosie. I grab a sizable supply while Sherlock is wandering the rest of the store stretching his legs. I meet him up at the cashier, he’s grabbed a large container of buttermilk, a few bottles of water and two bottles of iced coffee; 1 sweet and 1 black. Kevin picked up a few more supplies Costco didn’t carry.
“Can you identify the guys you stole the car from?” John asks the car thieves.
From the far corner of the room Sherlock responds before I can open my mouth “The 20th, hopefully you have suitable attire.”
He won’t look at either of us as he shoves another biscuit in his mouth and starts to chew. “I guess I better try a few before they disappear then.” I joke at her. I’m starting to feel better now, these are good pills. “We’ll have to order in tonight, I can’t be trusted not to burn dinner with these meds.” I inform Sherlock.
I go through the motions and take my first shot using my dominant, left side. The recoil causes a spasm to lance through my scar. When the miasma of pain subsides, I spot that I did manage to hit the middle of the target. Sherlock had handed Rosie to Kevin and he was at my side with a hand out, not quite touching, a look of concern on his face.
“Harry…” I start. Sherlock stops me with a grip to my hand.
I frown and start to open my mouth when Kevin interrupts “You can tell by the size of the cat and the markings on the face, legs and tail.”
“I’ll just have to double check with the Doctor Sir…” As she begins to turn to leave.
Hearing the sound of gunfire, Agent Burton had worked his way down to the house just in time for John to get the lights back on. John sees to the injured agents as Sherlock continues to calm Rosie with only one hand, the other with a bag of frozen peas draped over the wrist and knuckles to lessen any swelling. The dogs, especially Odin, refuse to leave sight of Rosie, following Sherlock and Rosie around, growling at everyone who comes near them, with the exception of John.
The dirt road improves when we reach the bottom and merges into another. “I was thinking of letting a few of the roads revert back to nature. That being one of the first. This place has a rat-warren of roads! There are a few signs but they are few and far between.” As we’re driving by the ‘Doe Pasture’ sign.
Mycroft rises to knock on the bathroom door.
The man crumples to the ground with a bleeding, broken nose while releasing the handle of the whip. John is now armed and quite frankly very pissed off. The door slams open as four more guards rush in alerted by the shout of the rotting toothed man. John hits one on the head with the thick knob of the whip handle and kicks another, hard, in the groin with his bare foot. Spinning he uses the whip handle as a club on another guards back then twirls and punches the last one in the neck causing the man to drop to his knees gasping for air.
Sherlock drops so quickly he must have bruised his knees. He takes my tumescence in hand and gently runs his fingers up the underside and over the tip. I bite back a moan. His fingers are followed by his tongue. I can’t supress the moan of pleasure this time. He smiles up at me then takes me into his mouth and sucks, hard, flicking his tongue over the slit. My knees feel weak, I lock them so I don’t fall and reach my right hand to brace against the wall.
“Did you ever find any magic?” A look of wonder on her face.
Still listening, I’m looking at the picture closely. These bruises definitely look like they were done by woman sized hands. I hand back the phone to our client. “Bruises look consistent with abuse, the makeup barely hides the black eye too.” Miss Ouellette looks at the picture again and pales; apparently she missed seeing the black eye.
He figures Sherlock is about to deduce something about the officiant not being legal or something. Glancing over his shoulder, “If you insist Mary.” Looking Sherlock in the eyes, “Alright, go on. What do I need to know now that’s so important it can’t wait?”
“So, what are you up to? Experiment? Whatever it is it smells good.” Sniffing the air with a smile on his face.
We head back to the lounge and each pull out a pad of paper and start writing in mutual agreement. When done we hand each other our lists. I am a bit alarmed at some of the items on his punishment list.
“Yes and no, an old friend from my army days, American Marine actually, emailed. He needs someone to house and dog sit for a month and wondered if I were free. Poor fellow really sounds desperate. He must have read on the blog I was taking time off until after the New Year, after, well, everything.”
“I love you”
“I can give you some of my ‘herbal soothers’ if you need.” She offers while taking a sip from her cup.
“Call me John, Mycroft, we’re going to be related soon. Oh, god, Harry! I forgot about Harry.” I look at Sherlock in dismay.
“Shut it you or I’ll make you wear Billy’s hat.” Tossing the red and white hat across the room for Sherlock to place on the skull sitting on the mantle.
Glancing up then back at the screen, “Yeah, John’s landlord was pinning an eviction notice on his door when I showed up. He let me in, seemed very happy to be rid of John… I packed up everything I could find, there’s a footlocker downstairs with a brass label reading Captain John H. Watson RAMC above the lock.”
Molly texted with an interesting liver Sherlock might like to look at.
Reluctant, “You don’t mind? There will noise and mess…”
Greg, glancing around, lowers his voice “Drugs. Sherlock hasn’t been out of rehab for all that long…”
Running her empty hand up John’s right thigh, “Maybe we should get you naked, give your boyfriend one last look.” Cupping John’s crotch, “Oh, nice” running her hand around to tightly squeeze his right butt cheek. With the hand holding the knife she slices the button from John’s jeans off, nicking him just above his belly button with the sharp tip of the blade. “Not going to say anything? Pity, I enjoy it when they scream.” Roberta pouts.
Sherlock is standing over him holding a large knife at this point. “Best not to insult the chef when he’s armed inspector.” Sherlock cuts the dough and arranges it on the parchment lined pan. Brushes the tops with the last of the milky liquid before sprinkling them generously with sanding sugar. Then places the pan in the oven, adjusting the temperature.
“Greg, you can’t be serious!” Sally is incredulous and furious.
Holmes Is Where the Heart Is
“Oh god yes!” I don’t even mark my page in my haste to rise.
A black sedan is waiting when John exits a few hours later into the cold, rainy afternoon. Most of his time at the clinic today was spent filling out paperwork and clearing out his office. The sedan is a welcome sight; the other passenger though...
“Doctor Watson, I am Doctor Mark Jacobs, call me Mark. How are you feeling?”
“Just after the first dance, Sherlock informed us that Mary was pregnant. Still don’t know how that happened, I was so careful. Nine months later Rosie was born; paternity tests show she’s mine. Few months after that Mary was dead, she took a bullet meant for Sherlock. She bled out in front of the two of us.” I wave my free hand between Sherlock and myself. “I hate to admit it, but I didn’t take it well at all.
Sherlock bumps my side “Feel better?” he wonders.
“Yeah, we have already had that discussion. We both suffer from some degree of PTSD. John from the war, me from… when I was away. It’s been a while since either of us experienced this severe of an episode though, guess it never quite goes away.” Sighing. “We do have plans to put extra locks on the doors, and to put safety gates up when Rosie becomes more mobile. There is a box of baby protection gear on top of the refrigerator, the gates are under John’s old bed in Rosie’s room.”
“Ah… so that would mean…” Dr. Watson begins blushing himself and looks at the floor.
“Just drop it Johnny.” Harry bites back.
Filling the kettle and turning it on. “Fucking Harry!” Growled low, leaning on his hands against the counter.
“Mycroft! I trust John, he doesn’t need to sign this… this… thing!” Sherlock is offended, he didn’t know.
“Angelo never charges us, you know that, (sigh) I’ll leave him a fabulous tip.”
He assesses his situation again while his mind is clearer. Hands are cuffed together in an interesting design, almost like a set of handcuffs set as a cast but in leather and metal. He tried to remove one by dislocating his thumb once but the cuff still wouldn’t slip off. The cuffs are in turn secured to a chain fastened to a metal ring in the rear wall. The chain gives him enough freedom to just reach the food and water bowls near the door on the opposite wall. Three of the walls are cement blocks, the front of the cell and the ceiling are set with cross bars set close enough to keep unwanted canine teeth from someone on the other side. He and his companion are in what looks like a high-end kennel run. He’s beginning to seriously consider the food is being tampered with, the kennel is full but abnormally quiet.
“I’m glad you like them dear. They are an old family recipe, Ginger Nuts, I know Sherlock is fond of them.”
“I heard you,” runs his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles, “Thank you”, his voice stronger, small smile with his right eye closed.
“Kind of, I was thinking about us.” Sherlock admits. Reclining next to John.
“Out of his range are we?” I jest back
I place the crop beside the box on the table and pick up the cuffs. “Do you always need the crop when tied up? I can probably think of several ways to distract you without its use…” I know I have a smirk on my face, I can’t seem to help it.
“Are you’re sure?  I don’t think you should be alone yet.” Concerned.
John can feel himself starting to get hard, the doctor in him starts to scream in protest even though he’s enjoying the sensations. Finally managing to pull away, “Sherlock… I want to, believe me I do, but I can’t. If I get too excited, I could pass out, throw up, and have another seizure or a combination thereof. I’ll have to wait until my concussion is healed up a bit.” John can see the look of disappointment before Sherlock shutters it away. “Nothing says that I can’t pleasure you though” as John runs his hands down to undo the tie in Sherlock’s pajama bottoms letting them pool around his ankles, exposing his swelling cock. The resulting grin Sherlock gives him is glorious. John gingerly nods toward the shower stall, slowly leading Sherlock in with him.
Costco had a lovely bedroom suite so we ordered two of those as well as mattresses; one set in queen, one in king for the guest and master bedrooms. We even found a crib set that converts to a full bed for Rosie’s room. Costco also had most of the linen we needed as well. While checking off the list of needed items, we ran into side tables for our new couch and chairs (I clearly need to pay better attention to where I’m going!). Sherlock found a sideboard with bottle storage built in, so we picked up glassware to go along with it. Glassware found us picking out dishes, cutlery then pots and pans. Of course we had to pick out a few bottles to put in the cupboard as well. Next isle over housed the small appliances so we’re well stocked there too.
Sherlock looks furious as he calmly answers, “Thank you Mike, I will inform John when he wakes.” Observing the blond man sleeping in his bed.
“Tend to John Sherlock, I’ll see to Rosie.” Comes through the monitor along with shushing noises aimed at dogs and an upset child.
“When we stopped, the bullets started coming from another sector, I was able to take another shooter out. When someone nearby yelled for a medic, I responded, found two men who were shot, one in the leg, one in the upper arm. The fellow with the arm wound was trying to keep his fellow with the leg wound from bleeding out. I managed to stop the bleeding, threw him over my shoulder and carried him over to our vehicle and tossed him in the back. Arm wound followed on his own, I patched him up in transit. My unit evacuated them, a Canadian and three of our guys back to our base hospital. Still not exactly sure how we all fit in that Humvee. Once we got back to camp, I was ordered to scrub in and help with the wounded. I was able to save Kevin’s life and leg that day; for some reason he was grateful.”
Two weeks later a replica of the Golden Gate Bridge showed up along with a box of Ghirardelli chocolate, followed three weeks later by the Statue of Liberty.
John made a run to Tesco, they needed just about everything, milk, eggs, tea, coffee, sugar and so on.  He took Rosie to the store in her pram and brought her back in the chest harness; the pram full of the loaded shopping bags. This was one of the few times he would not have minded seeing Mycroft or one of his minions in a black sedan, unfortunately none showed.
There are chairs set out with a small aisle down the middle, on each chair is a disposable camera. Mycroft is standing in front of the Jubilee Gates as Greg, Molly, Mrs H, Rosie and myself walk up. I don’t see Sherlock but Mycroft doesn’t look worried. Mike Stamford and his wife Lily are talking with Bill Murray and his wife Judith. Violet and Siger Holmes are sitting in the front row of seats. I walk Mrs H to the front row and leave Rosie in her pram next to them as I go to mingle and greet our guests.
Sherlock asks “Were you thinking of going?”
Cracking one eye partially open he spots a slender man with short dark hair dressed in what looks like a dark navy suit, who seems to be vibrating, in the doorway. Johns’ sluggish mind quickly becomes exceptionally alert when he sees the flash of a carving knife from the kitchen in one trembling fist of the strange man at the door.
Kevin, is facing the other way, digging in a box for two more shot shells when I glance over. I quickly kiss Sherlock again before walking over for my turn with the shotgun.
I hear the women crying around me, even strangers at the other tables. I all care about at this moment is the man in my arms. Greg places a hand on my right shoulder and gives it a squeeze. Then backs off, he and Mycroft are talking quietly behind us.
The dark-skinned female officer interrupts holding up a hand, “Likely story. Odds are you have a secret escape route up there or something. Trying to pull a fast one on us?” she angrily accuses.
“I’d love some tea but don’t need the caffeine. I was planning on going back up to bed with you.” Another spoonful for Rosie.
Unfortunately this is about all I can tell you about the killer drug dealers Sherlock and I took out of commission as the case is still unfolding. Suffice it say London is a safer place.
“Do you need help John?” he asks quietly. “I can have a unit here to take her away if you want, she can spend the night in the tank.” He gets a whiff of her and waves his hand in front of his nose. “Might do her a bit of good, damn how did she get here without crashing into anything?”
When John turns around with a blood pressure monitor in hand, and his stethoscope around his neck, he notices Sherlock’s cock is at half-mast. John thinks ‘fuck, he is too bloody gorgeous’, while feeling himself growing hard at the sight. Out loud he states “I’m just going to take your blood pressure first Mr. Holmes. Try to relax and breathe normally.”
Sanders looks at his partner, who just points at the man and declaring, “Get the cane away from him, don’t want to leave him with a weapon.”
Sitting up, taking a good hard look John, “I don’t see why not.” Rising up to turn off the lights and crossing the room, “lead the way.”
Taking a deep breath, looking Sherlock in the eyes, “I know how easily you get bored love, you’ve been cooped up with me for over two weeks. I’m tired of not being able to do much of anything myself, you must bored to tears by now!” Putting the half empty cup on the nightstand to take Sherlock’s hand in his. “I wasn’t sending you away from me because I don’t want you with me. I was sending you away for your mental health, to use your exceptional brain. I was hoping you would come back home with a few cold cases or an experiment to run.”
Mycroft clears his throat, checks the nails on his right hand and deigns to answer, “I am someone not to be trifled with if you value your career Doctor Barnes. My brother will be staying with Doctor Watson for as long as he wishes. The guards stationed outside the door will remain for the duration of their stay. If you are finished checking the good Doctor might I suggest you turn off the offending light and go about your rounds?”
The nurse relaxes a bit, “Nurse Levi, you can call me Jessie. I never left the UK, I was stationed at the Northumberland Military Hospital for several years.” She grabs John’s chart, makes a notation on the last page. “Sir if you sign here I’ll remove the catheter and IV.” She points a spot for John to sign. “Order has to be given by a Doctor, they never specified if they had to work here or not.” She grins, puts on gloves and starts to remove the IV. “Where were you stationed Sir?” distracting John.
“You were married, ring and all when we first met. I won’t date a married person, don’t want to be the ‘other man’. Course that didn’t stop me from flirting with another woman while married.”
“Oh. Yeah, skinny Marie at Waterloo Bridge went on about him a couple years ago. Claims he gave her £50.00 for tea.”
Upon opening the unlocked door to B flat, Martha spots John, wearing only a t-shirt with his left arm wrapped in bloody blue fabric, facing off against a man with a large knife. John sees her and growls, holding the other man’s attention. The strange man has his back to her. Thinking quickly, she swings the pan as hard as she can at the strangers’ head, hearing a satisfying sound as it hits home.
“I want to love it.” He breathes out.
I overhear Sherlock telling Mrs. Hudson “We’ll be back in time to escort you to the restaurant.”
John slowly walks up, places his right hand on Greg’s shoulder “It’s alright Greg, no harm done. Our fault for not closing the door.”
“I’ll start a bloody swear jar then!” Pointing at the leather chair next to the cleaned and decorated mantle over the burning fire. “Sit.”
John can’t help but laugh at that, “Not today. Just make sure I’m around before you throw anything else out. My mum gave me some of the jumpers, I’d like to keep those.”
I march my way up the hill. I come to a crossroads, bollocks. I make an arrow with fallen branches pointing in the direction I’ve taken. Sherlock should be able to follow that, I scuff my boots in a few places as well just to be sure. I really don’t want to walk all the way back to the house though it may take that long to calm the hell down.
“Good. That’s nice, hate to have her date another Moriarty. And Thom was just disturbing on so many levels.” Shudders and takes a slow deep breath.
Mrs. Hudson took Rosie when I got home, she offered to sit with her for a few hours to give me a break. I used my time well to scrub the kitchen and clean the lounge. Sherlock came home as I was stripping the bed to put on a clean set of sheets.
Sherlock grins that grin he reserves for me and hands over Rosie. “I’m going to collect some river water. I can compare it to the creek and spring waters later.” He practically dances over to the water.
Considering their violent history, they weren’t too hard to apprehend. Not that they didn’t put up a fight, mind. I think they were happy to finally be caught for the notoriety. So far they have confessed to every case Sherlock has linked them to. They won’t admit to any other victims though. NSY has a task force going through the rest of the unsolved cases for the past few years looking for similarities.
Taking a deep breath, “No, we were never involved physically… He thought we were prefect for each other though. Jim Moriarty is the world’s only consulting criminal, once at the center of a giant web of crime. It was during my time dismantling his web that I was caught and tortured. Surprised he’s still alive actually, there were reports he was beheaded in Karachi last spring.”
“Yeah, aren’t we though? When did Harry tell your parents she was a lesbian?” Sherlock wonders.
John sighs, looks at Molly, “Is Chinese alright for supper? We have nothing in.” Motioning his head toward Sherlock, “God help me, I’ll let him know.”
John has Sherlock hold his jacket open while he onehandedly unbuttons the ripped and bloody shirt. Frowning he starts to clean the blood away from around the wound with his right hand, “You’ll need a few stitches for this. The A&E can see to it while I get treated.” Then asking the tech “Do you have pad we can put on this to keep it clean?”
“After he ran down the hallway outside my door for the third time I decided to do something. On his next run past my door, I opened it and hit him in the leg with a baseball bat a previous tenant left behind in the wardrobe. He fell and dropped the harpoon, the blunt end sticking in my doorway. I pulled the harpoon all the way inside and locking the door before he could grab it again. By this time the police caught up and subdued him and ordered me back into my flat when I reopened the door.”
“Costco? Why did Mycroft send that card in your name and not mine?” Sherlock frowns while opening another tab to see what Costco has to offer. He goes still, I can almost hear the thoughts going through is head.
Sherlock watches in horror as Roberta picks up the nail gun and practically dances her way over to where John is secured to a nearby pillar. Unknown to his captors, he has been picking the lock of the handcuffs securing him.
Back to the door, looking over his left shoulder while stuffing a pillow in a clean sham, “Changing the linens on the bed, what does it look like? Mrs. Hudson said she would toss the old ones in the dryer if I manage to set them to wash before we leave.” Pointing to the pile of soiled bedclothes on the floor.
It takes me a moment to catch on “What? I never even gave a thought about us… Are you sure ‘Sherlock Holmes-Watson’ isn’t better? Mycroft is going to be livid either way!” I laugh as I hand him my phone with the latest texts.
To his credit John only scowls at the nurse, one eye open, and holds out his free hand, palm up for the medication. Nurse Karl after seeing the look from John and the condescending one from Sherlock across the bed, does not argue. Karl places the pill in John’s hand, waits until he puts it in his mouth then offers the straw for John to drink.
“Really? I didn’t know we had plans tonight. We have nothing in, I haven’t done the shopping.” As I head into the kitchen to ready a bottle for Rosie and heat water for tea. “Did we have plans tonight I forgot about?”
John huffs a laugh, “I’ll check in every thirty minutes. Mrs. Hudson is always welcome to come visit.” He rises from his seat to help Sherlock into his coat, giving him a deep kiss after tying the scarf. “Just a reminder for you to come back to me.”
The oven timer buzzes, I know I dismantled it when we moved in as the sound it makes is abhorrent. John smiles at the face I make and rises to retrieve a pan from the oven.
John smiles in return and questions “What about Rosie?”
Kevin’s mouth starts spewing information, non-stop. “Bread, ala Jacques Pepin. Since Diana showed me this recipe I rarely buy bread anymore, there is a purchased loaf of a dark rye in the freezer, hard to get that one right.
September 19th Mrs Hudson comes up with scones and tea for breakfast. She has a box under the tray with her. “Good morning boys and girl” she coos. Mrs. Hudson starts to play with Rosie who’s strapped in her highchair after I take the tray from her. “I thought you might need something else for your wedding tomorrow you may have forgotten about.” She smiles and hands me the box.
“Quaint, how many rooms?”
“I love you.”
Lestrade “Oil?” Putting up both hands in surrender. “Nope don’t answer, I don’t want to know.”
“Can we get on with it now, or do you want to take him away for questioning?” I grumble at Greg.
I nod. Either what’s in the IV is taking effect or it’s the news my daughter is cared for but I’m feeling more relaxed. Sherlock sees and asks “Are there any long term effects we should worry about with your shoulder?”
“I love you too Sherlock.”
I thrust in harder and faster while pumping his cock. Sherlock tightens and covers my hand with his seed, my name on his lips. I climax a few thrusts later with a moaned “Sherlock”. When I catch my breath a bit, I gently pull out and wipe us clean with my pants. I rearrange us and pull the blanket from the back of the couch over us both.
“How long since you have had sex?” Sherlock clarifies.
“John! Go back to bed, I was just finishing helping Rosie make you breakfast in bed for Father’s Day.”
“I told Donovan to keep me in touch. Apparently Shirley and Marge were having an affair; one of many it seems. Joan found out about it and confronted her sister. She got mad and stabbed her with a syringe filled with air. She died of an air embolism, passed out before she could call for help.” I nod. Sherlock doesn’t react, at all. Greg then continues as we are walking out. “Do you need a ride to Baker Street? Oh, no I guess not then… Good night. I expect you at the Yard tomorrow for your statements.” He says while walking out the door toward his car.
“You’ve been out here for a little more than an hour. Figured you need to drink something, too hot for soda, not sure how or if you even wanted iced tea. Too warm for hot tea, especially after that workout. Not beer. You needed something more than water, so orange juice.” Holding a cup out for me.
Side note: Learned writing this: fiancé is a husband-to-be, fiancée is a wife-to-be. Apparently, a lot of writers get this one wrong. Learned something new, wonder what I’ve forgotten?
“I’d rather you sewed me up John.” Sherlock begs.
“You passed out again” the obviously is kept quiet thankfully. “They were able to set your shoulder without surgery. X-rays show nothing is broken but you do have a concussion from a blow to the head.”
Sherlock calls after him, “Have Mycroft run his prints too, I don’t trust your system.” He hears “Right” just before the door to the flat slams shut. Turning back to Mike and John. “So, your name is John. John Watson, invalided army Doctor recently returned from Afghanistan. However, did you end up at the auction house?”
Sherlock answers as Mike grins, “That was the plan.”
After the barber we drove back to Baker Street where we left Greg’s car parked in front of the flat. We walked around the corner to the pub. We grab a table, order, then I excuse myself to use the loo. I leave the microphones in one of the stalls behind the toilet. That should give Mycroft’s people some interesting ‘conversations’. Our drinks are being delivered to the table as I get back. I must have a goofy look on my face as I sit down as Greg asks me “What?”
From his position, squatting beside the headless body, John questions, “Who was the first?”
“Why would you care Dr. Watson? You didn’t bother to bond with Sherlock when you got him pregnant!” Seiger sneers back.
“Right you are John. Last time you used Sherlock, not going to work this time around.” he jokes.
Mycroft clears his throat to gain our attention again. “Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you Mr. William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes and Doctor John Hamish Watson-Holmes!”
It was the same argument as always. His only boy was a poofter, a lowly Omega! She must have cheated on him, must have invited the mailperson or someone in to hold her over until he returned from work during her heat. It didn’t matter that the DNA test proved his theory wrong, he was right dammit!
Looking pointedly over his shoulder at the bullet ridden smiley face on the wall in the lounge. “Well, no, not really.” Lestrade answers, looking back. “Why don’t I just leave it in the bedroom with John?” Starting to step toward the hall.
I wander back to the lounge, turn off the telly and collect my cup. Turning off the light in the lounge I leave my cup in the sink. I grab an icepack from the freezer and head upstairs to our bedroom. I end up waiting for Sherlock while lying against the headboard, icepack on my shoulder. I don’t hear him come in as I had fallen asleep, I never did sleep well in hospital. I’m woken by him gently removing my jeans.
“Hold on John!” Sherlock bellows.
Sherlock adds in “Kevin has a large ranch in Northern California, he sent several pictures. Looks interesting, we should have a pleasant time. There is internet and apparently phone so we can assist you with anything that might come up.”
Sherlock booked a room at a Bed & Breakfast just down the road, easy access he said. We arrived the day after a duck-napping and set ourselves up for a long night waiting for their return. Our wait wasn’t as long as we (mostly I) feared. In the end Mrs. Parker knew her duck-napper, a former colleague and now, former, close friend. We were even able to retrieve the missing feathers from Mr. Price’s home. As a bonus for catching the duck-napper so quickly our thankful client gifted us with a lovely down comforter and some homemade goat cheese.
While he’s still coming down from his pleasure I’m able to unhook him form the ropes and manage to remove the leather cuffs. I sit next to him to rub his shoulders, upper arms and chest one handed. He looks sleepily at me “thank you sir”.
I nod “Ready when you are.”
“And you want me to come along.” More a statement than a question.
Glaring while wincing, “I’m fine!” John growls.
Mycroft quirks an eyebrow back at Sherlock. “We’re careful. I trust him Mycroft.” Sherlock replies to the unanswered question.
Shortly I finish what I needed to check and watch Rosie crawl across the floor before returning my attention to the two men in the room with me. Kevin is scowling at his screen furiously typing. Sherlock has a gleam in his eye that can only mean and interesting case. I move to see what has caught his interest when he looks up.
Stunned, “Me? I’m all bony angles.” Sigh, “You my friend are perfection.”
When I come back out a few minutes later Sherlock and Rosie are not in the flat. The door is open and I hear voices downstairs, Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock. I put on my shoes, grab my coat, lock the door to the flat and head down.
We didn’t hear Sherlock approach as we were talking “He’s always been a conductor of light. John is a lot smarter than he looks.” He quips, hugging me from the back.
Hanging the last shirt in the wardrobe, “Not sure, let’s go and find out.” Happy, John isn’t bored anymore.
“When we suspected Mary would run and we put the tracking device in the AGRA flash drive I hoped we would not be able to find her. I couldn’t trust her after all the lying she had done. Who did I marry? Were we truly married if she was using an alias? AJ was the final straw for me… I had enough lies. At that point I was not sure how I could safely leave Mary, I was afraid she would shoot you again if I came back to Baker Street. After she was shot, I was a fucking bastard to you again and I’m not sure why. I didn’t grieve for her the way I did for you; it was much harder to lose you.
Sitting on the table, Sherlock smirks and snorts.
“Why me?”
A female voice yells from outside while banging upon their door, “Santa’s elves need to make an appearance pronto! Get a move on in there Jingle and Jangle.”
“Robert shoot Dr. Watson if this one doesn’t cooperate, start with his right knee.” Roberta King instructs her brother. Standing 5 feet 7 inches tall, and athletically built with pale skin and dark hair and eyes, this woman has a murderous feel about her. Her brother is taller but has the same long, dark brown hair and colouring as his sister, he is just as cold and calculating as she.
Sherlock is sitting in the bed, on top of the covers, propped up by several pillows, texting with one hand, and the other hand resting on John’s right shoulder. John is curled around and over him, using Sherlock as a body pillow, sound asleep. John’s head is on a pillow next to Sherlock, right arm draped over his hips, right leg bent over the top of both of Sherlock’s. Instead of a blanket, Sherlock has tossed both their dressing gowns over John.
“I said I was coming.” Halfway down the seventeen steps, “I thought we were going to be use the fake tree again this year.”
Sherlock looks at the floor, “I didn’t want to leave you alone in case you woke up…”
Pleased, “You are always welcome here.”
Rosie turned 1-year old today. It’s hard to believe that amount of time has already flown by. A lot has happened in this past year – I became a father, a widower, and acquired a husband. An amazing husband who adopted my, well now, our baby girl. Right now the two loves of my life are on the floor next to me playing with blocks. Blocks my brilliant husband found with the periodic table on them.
“She’ll be fine John. I’ll be there to help distract her, you aren’t doing this alone. You need to remember that.”
Fondly smiling while blushing in return, “Yeah, you were stunning, bloody gorgeous. Wore us both out, we cleaned ourselves off with the edge of the sheet before falling asleep. They need a wash.”
It was getting late when we got back to Boonville so we stopped for burgers, chips and milkshakes at the Redwood Drive In. We were going to stop in at the Hanes Fine Art Gallery but they were closed until the weekend, what we saw through the windows was enough for us to want to come back.
“As if there is none here now?” waving a hand around. The flat is cleaner than usual, but has an ‘eloquent’ layer of dust starting up after all the reconstruction.
“I’m sorry John...” he begins
“Here, let me take your coat.” Stepping closer the scent of alcohol is stronger, John hopes that it is just that her coat needs cleaning. Stealing a quick, discreet sniff of the coat as he hangs it up, nope not the coat; shit.
Someone high up influenced John’s care again as his surgery was done laparoscopically. The tip of the nail had stopped at a metal plate the army restored his scapula with. The surgeon was able to remove the nail, a bone chip as well as a small bullet fragment overlooked from the original war injury.
“Speaking of which, I’m sorry I was such an ass before. I want to make up for it. I know you’ve been here a long time but could you spend a few more days? I can stay up at the office if you need privacy…”
I remove the spent shell from the shotgun on my way to the bench and the riffle.
A limo picks us up in front of the hotel and drives us a meandering path through Golden Gate Park, then to the Cliff House. We arrive a few minutes early so view the ruins of Sutro Baths next door. We didn’t bother to bring the carry harness for Rosie this trip, she looks so pretty and we didn’t want to wrinkle her dress. I take pictures of the view with Sherlock holding Rosie, he does the same with me. A kindly woman takes a couple pictures with my phone of the three of us. I forward the best picture off to Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock’s mother.
“Oh, yeah sorry. There’s a new Doctor at the clinic who’s from America, I must be picking up some of his phrases.”
The room Sherlock and I have is bigger than it looked in the picture, we access it through the great room, then the pantry. Our room has an antique brass queen size bed, two tall bureaus and a decent sized wardrobe. In the corner is a woodstove and a large stack of logs. A gun rack is on the wall, something wrapped in the top notches. “Kevin, how cold does it get here? You seem to have a lot of wood stacked inside and out.” I ask. Sherlock brow quirks behind Kevin in approval of my question.
Last week, we finally got down to the Rohnert Park Costco for supplies. I was having flashbacks of my time at war as we drove through northern Santa Rosa. The fire damage we could see from the highway was extensive and several of the fires were still burning off in the surrounding hills. The wild animal park we were going to visit was closed as most of the buildings burnt down but thankfully the animal enclosures were saved along with all of their inhabitants.
I don’t move.
I look at Kevin “Is she now? She must like the area to be willing to come back…” Sherlock has his hand on my lower back looking intently at the map.
Agent Burton tries to get a word in “But…”
“I would be honoured boys!” He beams “I’ll even give you the family discount!”
I look at him in confusion, there is very little blood left in my brain, it all went south with that kiss!
Before I can finish that thought “I can shave you if you need, I’d be honoured sir. Now if you like.” A bit hurried.
“Lestrade, grab the last few biscuits and meet me at the cashier.” Rising, taking a few steps away only to hastily return, “Oh, do you have any extra clothes? I wasn’t expecting to buy anyone, I think I’m supposed to provide clothing.”
“That helps, but no. It’s more of a ‘presence’, they have to be comfortable with who they are. Have a brain, course that goes for both sexes. The first thing I noticed about Sherlock was the way he moved, the grace and fluidity, the confidence. He prowled across the lab to borrow my phone that first meeting.”
They hear a knocking on the door downstairs. John hears Mycroft and an unknown male voice talking with Mrs. Hudson in the entryway. Both he and Lestrade wait as they come up the stairs and into the flat.
“Oh John must have loved that.”
4.	Blindfold
Sherlock observes John a moment, “Of course. Sit. I’ll prepare you a plate. Tea?” Turning off the overhead lights in the kitchen, leaving on the light over the sink.
Lestrade looks a bit dumbfounded, absently he grabs the remaining biscuits in a napkin before answering. “I, um, I might have some gym clothes in the boot of my car. I’ll go check.” He hastens off, glancing over his shoulder a few times to watch as Sherlock slowly strides over to the cashier in the corner.
John laughs again, “Okay, alright, let’s go!”
“Maybe they live in the area? There are other houses around out here.” John supplies, trying to be the voice of reason.
I sigh, we need to change the locks, again. “Mycroft. Sherlock left with Rosie a few minutes ago but you probably already know that. What can I help you with today?” sarcasm is my friend as I sip my cup of tea.
“Ok. What say I bring you to orgasm without hitting you? It would be best to discuss what-all is in the box when we are well rested. Yeah?”
The older, grey haired woman wearing a purple dress with a brightly flowered cardigan over, smiles. “So nice to see Sherlock with a friend. He’s told me about your troubles dear, don’t you worry about a thing. Sit and I’ll fix you a plate, you too Sherlock.” Waving them both to the kitchen table. “Just this once though, I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper.”
“When you jumped off of the roof at Bart’s a part of me died along with you. If it were not for Mrs. Hudson’s concern I would have followed you that first month. I could not get over that you jumped before I could tell you how much I love you. I was a broken man. I visited your grave and begged you to give me one more miracle and come back to me. I tried to heal and rebuild myself around the loss I suffered. I may be whole again someday but I will never be the same. Nor should I be the same, nor would I want to.”
John drops what is in his hands to rise and quickly crosses the room, “I’m sorry, it won’t happen again. I must have left my phone in the room when I put Rosie down for her nap and lost track of the time.”
Sherlock stops in the kitchen, giving Greg and odd look before asking him, “You have dinner yet?”
Mycroft nods and steps closer. “I can keep John entertained if you desire to” he looks at Sherlock from head to toe, “freshen up.”
After a minute of watching nothing happen, “Daddy, can we go home and have some hot cocoa?”
I haven’t gone shopping for groceries for a few days, there is still milk for tea but nothing in for supper. When he comes back upstairs, Sherlock and I agree on Chinese from our favourite take out. While waiting for our dinner to be delivered, I fill and start the kettle to boil and grab a jar of food for Rosie to enjoy along with small bites of our food. By the time the kettle clicks off I have the table set and Rosie strapped into her high-chair. I pour the water in our teapot and set it on the table to steep. I start feeding Rosie while waiting for the delivery person to show. When the food arrives Sherlock goes down to answer the door and pay.
Sherlock’s fingers fly over the keyboard, “As I suspected, Sargent Nash is involved, he created the file. Not sure about Donovan yet… I’d like to speak with constable Sanders on his own, see if he remembers where they arrested John. His place was near Kenton.”
“How did they die?” Snuggling in closer to John.
The main job I had was to find the fastest internet service and ‘demand’ they install it immediately. If you’re reading this I was successful.
“Right.” He disinfects the area again, applies antibiotic salve and a clean bandage. “Keep it dry, try not to stretch the area too much. Change it if you shower later.” Sherlock takes off both their gloves.
John puts up his hands in defeat, “Okay, alright. What does the job entail?” eager and curious.
I glance over at him, he’s concentrating on the road. “I can take as much time as you, I’ll follow you anywhere.”
I’m getting a look of horror. “Chores Sherlock, you agreed. Start scrubbing, don’t make me say it again. You may put pants on for protection.”
“John!” shocked.
Sherlock starts to unpack John’s duffle bag, leaving a few items of clothing off to the side. John frowns at the slowly growing pile but says nothing while he’s hanging shirts and slacks in the wardrobe out of the suitcase. When John is finished, laying his housecoat over the foot of the bed, his curiosity gets the better of him.
She pats his arm “Thank you dear, are you sure you want an old lady tagging along?”
Sherlock answers, “Sentiment little Bee. You made this when you first started preschool.”
The nurse comes back in. “I’m Betty by the way, Doc wants a blood sample to check your kidney function.” She looks at John, then me with Rosie strapped to my chest in the harness. “She’s cute, who’s this? She looks so much like both of you… Your curls” as she twines a figure through Rosie’s blond curls looking at me. Then looks at John “and your eyes. A perfect combination, you do DNA splicing or something?”
Sherlock glances over John’s shoulder to his fiancée, Mary Morstan (if looks could kill, he would be dead.), then back to the groom. “It’s important John. Please…” stares intently at John raising his right eyebrow, “Please.”
Lestrade returns later that afternoon, coming up the stairs and through the closed but unlocked door to the flat he spots Sherlock working at the desk by the window, papers strewn all around him on the desk and a few on the floor. John is stretched out on the couch on his right side, covered by a crocheted throw Mrs. Hudson made for Sherlock last Christmas. There is a fire burning merrily in the fireplace taking the chill off of the room.
“That reminds me. When did you know you wanted to be a Doctor?” A blushing Sherlock asks.
“Do you remember much of Euros? It’s okay if you don’t…” Asked gently, John’s arm is still around Sherlock, giving a gentle squeeze.
I come to on my back, all I can feel is intense pain radiating from my left shoulder. I swear everything is spinning until I realize I’m on a gurney being wheeled through the doors of Bart’s A&E. It’s all a pain filled blur while I’m given x-rays to check for breaks in the shoulder. Finally a Doctor Adams comes in with a couple nurses and arranges to set my shoulder back where it belongs.
We wanted Rosie’s first birthday party to be small, Sherlock and I didn’t want to make too big of a fuss. But as usual with us, things hardly ever go to plan. We had Godmothers Molly and Mrs. Hudson along with Uncle Mycroft and a sober Aunt Harry who brought along her new girlfriend, Sandra Kent. Also in attendance we had Rosie’s new Godfather, one Gregory Lestrade. Sherlock’s parents were in London so they stopped by as well, joyfully being the overenthusiastic Grandparents that they are. In the end 221B was full to bursting.
“Just relax Mr. Holmes. That’s excellent Mr. Holmes, in a moment I’ll touch your prostate. Please try not to move around too much.” Looking up, John notices that Sherlock has a white knuckle grip on the edges of the table. He feels Sherlock slowly relax around his finger.
“She met a guy, fell in love and let him take her virginity. He gave her a nasty strain of HPV, she died of cervical cancer. He abandoned her when he found out she was ill.” He sadly replies with a bit of a growl.
At the top of the hill we notice we’re by the cabin next to the pond. “Drive down there and we can pick apples for the pie I promised you two yesterday. If we grab a few extra we can make some sauce for the rug-rat here too.” Ruffling Rosie’s curls during the last sentence.
I’m shaking my head no again when Sherlock answers “I can if needs be. I’m a little rusty with a stick but I can manage.”
Sherlock pays attention again. John slowly sits up nodding slightly. “Of course.”
“Yeah love, I don’t know why your idiot of a brother didn’t send you a card as well. We’ll be together and I will be more than happy to share the card with you.” I tell him before the temper tantrum sets in.
John erupts screaming and throwing off the bodies pinning him down as a naked Sherlock is unceremoniously shoved out of bed onto the floor with a definitive, “Ooof!” Two dogs start barking. Rosie is bawling. A loud “Fucking hell!” can be heard through the doorway as well as through the baby monitor. These events take place in less than the span of a minute.
We started our ‘holiday’ with a few days in New York. Rosie enjoyed the shows we went too as well as all the sightseeing. Course I already blogged about New York.
Sherlock, “Brilliant!” grinning
“No, Sherlock, it’s okay. Let me read it through again, nothing seems out of the ordinary. Mycroft just wants to protect you.” I look up at both of them “I’m not marrying you for your money. I love you, not your possessions…” I read through the document a second time. Mycroft hands me a pen when I’m done. I sign both copies, keeping one and giving the other and the pen back to Mycroft.
Both men nod in unison, rising to their feet. “Okay” John starts, “Let’s get this thing done.” Sherlock lifts Rosie who gently places her hat on top of the snowman.
Sherlock lifts his violin and gives it a quick tune, rosins up his bow and starts to play. I think its Bach but I wouldn’t bet on it. Rosie sits quietly transfixed by the melodies coming out of the violin. Sherlock plays one song after another for nearly an hour, slowly rocking in time; gorgeous. When he finishes the flat seems too quiet, even with Rosie clapping and laughing in delight.
I realize I am crying. I just let them fall and continue.
A few minutes later, “Woo hoo!” Mrs. Hudson calls walking up the stairs. “Hello John. Sherlock insisted that I come up and check on you. My yarn group is meeting downstairs today, if you want to come down you are more than welcome.”
“For not telling me you were alive for over two years and for not informing me about the assassin I married!” Captain Watson is annoyed. John takes a few calming breaths.
We get to the elevator as the door opens and Donovan steps out. She sneers at Sherlock and starts to open her mouth. I clear my throat, she looks at my glare, pales, drops her eyes to the floor and walks by without a word. I think to myself ‘success.’
John closes his eye, snuggling against Sherlock, “No, sleepy… tea and biscuits good for now…”
“I need help getting this bloody thing up the stairs.”
“We’ve found him a mate. He’ll be forced bonded by the end of the week.” Seiger heatedly adds.
Her eyes flick to his cold orbs then back to the floor, “Mmmm… Moriarty demanded to handle the situation himself sir.” She stammers. “Cooper just sent over the file…”
Sitting on the bed, staring at the floor holding a fussing Rosie, “No. I… I want to go.” Looking up at John, tense, “I don’t remember much from that time, just snippets. Maybe being there will help unlock something.” Looking closer at the button down shirt under John’s oatmeal jumper. “I remember… Victor used to wear a red and blue checked shirt similar to the one you have on.”
“Timing Sherlock!” John admonishes his best man.
“Apparently”
“Ta.”  John says as Mrs. Hudson places a plate of fried eggs, bacon and toast in front of him. John starts to take a bite of bacon, only to have his stomach roil at the first taste upon his tongue.
“Obviously” reaching under the pillow to hand me a tube of lube.
We gather what we came for, I can’t help but pick up a child size headband with a set of elf ears for Rosie. Much to my shock, Sherlock reaches around me to pick up two matching adult elf ears.
Sherlock’s reward list
“John!” Mycroft exclaims, then grabs the call button to bring in assistance.
Greg leads them inside the old building where there is a body lying in an abandoned restaurant kitchen. The head at one end of the kitchen and the rest of his body at the other. The severed neck of the body is lying over a drain in the floor. There is a looping trail of blood from the body to the head against the far wall. Sherlock looks over the scene as John inspects the body parts.
“You have got to be kidding me!” John exclaims while reaching for his own wallet to pull out the required bill and handing it over.
(See the end of the chapter for
John rubs his now throbbing temple, “So that’s it? I forget to text and we’re through?” Stepping closer, “How many times in the past did you ignore my texts and calls on purpose? How many times was I left to worry about you? My lapse was accidental. I lost track of the time while talking about how much I love you!” Voice breaking, while waving a hand to the ladies behind him.
“Cashmere, nothing but the best for you.”
His body hurt all over as he came back to his senses. He tried to move to a more comfortable position to find that he could not. He doesn’t feel any clothing or other coverings on his body. His limbs are spread like a starfish. His fingers can just feel the edge of what can only be an uncovered mattress. Moving his hands up behind him he finds cool metal bars. A metal headboard or pipes secured to a wall? He probes his fingers between the bars as far as they can reach and feels nothing. Headboard.
“Doctor Watson, I didn’t know you hunted before.”
Leaning a hand against the back of his chair in shock, “Is... is it mine?” John stammers out.
Molly looks nervous having to make a speech. She gets up, clears her throat and starts to speak, stuttering at first but gaining confidence by the end of the first sentence. “I, I…I, um, fffirst mmet Sh, Sh, Sherlock at Bart’s many years ago.” She coughs, squares her shoulders and continues. “My name is Molly, Molly Hooper, for those of you who don't know me, and I'm up here today to say a few words.”
Sherlock is watching, mouth agape. Bouncing an upset Rosie who’s never heard or seen me so angry before.
Lestrade gives background information, “Lazlo Marsh, 26. Wasn’t a robbery, there’s money and cards in his wallet. Cell phone in his pocket. He’s the second headless body we found this month.”
“You had a mommy. She loved you and your Daddy very much.”
From behind me I hear Rosie begin to cry and Sherlock trying to soothe her. After a few steps I hear Sherlock start to growl at Kevin, more than likely eviscerating him verbally. I’m too arsed to care…
“Let me be the judge of that.” Pulling the suit jacket to the side John notices a large bloodstain on Sherlock left side over his ribs. “You’re bleeding.” Turning his head to one of the ambulance techs, “Get me something to clean it with.”
“You as well Greg, along with Mrs. Hudson.”
Violet sits in the overstuffed chair across from them, Siger sits on the arm, leaning back toward his wife.
“I’m not…” directed, quietly to the floor.
Afterwards we head over to Harrods to look for boots, jeans and casual wear. We start with shoes. Sherlock insists I find a better quality of dress shoe to go with my new suits. Kevin said we would need everyday trainers, hiking boots and more than likely wellingtons. I have my old combat boots that will work for hiking. Sherlock wants the Brunello Leather Walking Boots that cost more than what I made in a month but I am able to talk him into a pair of Timberland boots for less than half the cost. We each pick up a pair of Wellington Boots and trainers; mine a bit more practical in price than Sherlock. After shoes for us, we grab a couple sizes of trainers and rain boots for Rosie as she is growing.
“Everyone please be seated.” A slight pause, I’m still holding Sherlock’s hand and give him a reassuring squeeze. “Welcome family and friends on this beautiful day. Today we are here to witness the union of my brother William Sherlock Scott Holmes to John Hamish Watson and the new life they will now begin together. Each one of you has touched their lives in a special way, and they are honoured to have you here. Before we begin, is there anyone with just cause to prevent this union?” Mycroft pauses for a moment. “Wonderful. Mycroft retrieves from his inner coat pocket the vows, on a card, Sherlock and I had agreed on.
“Yeah, Doctor Rosamond Watson-Holmes, professor of forensic pathology at St. Bart’s. Who would have guessed she would follow in both our footsteps?”
“That’d be great. Thanks. Let’s not tell Sherlock about the aubergine waistcoats, yeah?”
“Ready to see everything up close and personal then?” Kevin asks, climbing in the jeep without waiting for a reply.
Instead of a phone call, he is stripped and thoroughly searched, even in places he didn’t know could be searched and he is a Doctor. They took away his clothes and left him only with a stained, too large, threadbare orange jumpsuit that had seen better days. At least it was clean and it was warmer than remaining naked.
Sherlock is pleading more and more as I continue to play his body. Moaning, groaning and writhing; several minutes later as I feel him tense up, I take a break. I am met with more begging “Please, sir. Please! God don’t stop, please!”
“I stopped getting in touch with you because you were drunk and stopped responding to my attempts. I was having enough troubles of my own and couldn’t handle yours on top of them.” I squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder again, he gives my hand a quick pat.
“So, you and Sherlock are getting married. What happened to ‘not gay’ John?”
Mycroft arranged for theatre tickets for us as well a sailing tour of the harbour with a stop at the Statue of Liberty. Sherlock especially loved the old schooner Mycroft organized the private tour in. The first show was matinee tickets to see Phantom of the Opera at the Majestic Theatre. Our fellow patrons were concerned we had Rosie with us, but she adored the pageantry. The next day we enjoyed Hello, Dolly! at the Shubert Theatre. Rosie seemed to love Bette Midler … we may be in trouble!
I ended up driving down to town, following the FBI vehicle until we turned off at the clinic. I didn’t like driving in London. Narrow, winding, falling apart, back country roads in a foreign country are not my favourite either. I prefer driving large vehicles in even larger open spaces covered in sand, but Sherlock insisted I learn how after Baskerville.
He is placed, barefoot, in a cement floored cell with several other people, of both sexes, dressed similarly. John noticed on his way to this cell there were other cells with people still dressed in their street clothes. Just before the officer who brought him down closes the door, John loudly demands, “What about my phone call? I’m a citizen and by rights I’m allowed a call.”
“That’s saying something!” scraping the last of the sauce and rice from his plate.
“I want the catheter removed. I would like to get cleaned up. Oh, tell Sherlock not to dress. I’ll probably need his help to shower and definitely to shave.” John presses the button again.
I get a grunt in reply.
After a few minutes he replies:
This is the day he is to say ‘I do’ to the person he asked to marry him.
Frowning I open the envelope to find a pre-nuptial agreement. I read through it quickly, not finding anything overly offensive. When I’m almost finished, Sherlock comes to read it over my shoulder.
Greg was at the door into the building when he noticed Sherlock was not with him anymore. Turning he spots the man standing still, staring at a piece of paper in his hands. Sherlock stands, unmoving, in the middle parking lot until Lestrade comes over and touches his arm. “You ok there Sherlock? You look a bit stunned…” He asks concerned.
“The field below us is ‘Mule Opening’, haven’t found any mules yet here though. Any questions?”
I was finally able to go through and look at the cases Sherlock solved while I was in hospital. This brilliant, amazing, mad man, solved one hundred and one cases in five days! Extraordinary! From my bedside, well sometimes sitting on my bed. Point is, he never left my side. Solved them all through pictures and information sent via text and email.
“I would have helped…” Sherlock starts to pout.
Greg looks at him suspiciously again. Before he can start demanding answers again I pipe up “Where do you want me Greg? Let’s hurry it up, we need to pick up Rosie from Molly before she goes to work. That and I’d really like to get home again before my pain meds wear off.” I end up ordering.
Sherlock, even with his quick reflexes gets splashed with river water. He frowns at Kevin, sees the shocked look on my face and doesn’t say a thing.
Sherlock can’t move, he keeps reading and rereading the note his amazing John left for him to find.
“’7437’ is the code The Woman used to lock her phone!” We both burst out laughing.
Doctor Murray gently moves John’s hair, talking while he works. “I let an intern do the stitches, he did a stint with the elective/cosmetic surgeons. Surprised he didn’t shave the hair… You shouldn’t have much of a scar though.” He spots the cream on the counter and picks it up, “Can’t hurt to apply more antibiotic cream, they are a bit red.”
“No, you have a much softer gait than Lestrade. He’s being especially loud tonight since he’s inebriated. You were very quiet, I had to strain to hear what you were up to.” Turning a bit pink.
I’m thinking to myself ‘I had to hurry back for this?’ but voice out loud, “Anything else out of the ordinary happen during this time Miss Wigglesworth?” There has to be more or Sherlock would have thrown her out by now.
I nod “Good. Put it on.” Sherlock sets the ring and cage in place then I lock it, one handed, putting the key in my pocket. “Follow me” I do an about-face and march down the hall to the loo. “I want to be able to eat off every surface in here Sherlock. Cleaning supplies are under the sink, start scrubbing.”
“I’ve only been your partner for a couple of weeks…”
I can’t help but mutter “Oh God!”
“Musgrave Manor, yes, we still own the property. Or my parents still own the property. Mycroft was considering renovating it before Sherrinford… not sure about now.”
Shocked, wet grin, “You love me?” sniff, “I thought you would have figured it out by now. I’m not gay, but I’m not totally straight either. I’m bisexual.”
We eat our starters as well. I take a bite of Sherlock’s salad “Oh that is delicious.” He nods and eats another bite himself.
Pot of tea? Check. Biscuits? Check. Comfortable, relaxed roommate/lover on the couch? Check. Rosie being taken care of by Mrs. Hudson so there are no distractions? Double check. Sherlock’s curiosity is getting the better of him. “John, can I ask… I hardly know anything about your childhood.”
On our way out the front door I can just hear Donovan exclaim from the top of the stairs, “Who would bring a baby to a crime scene anyway?” I hurry away before I return and punch her, I’ve never decked a woman before. It’s very tempting at the moment!
Sherlock reads the note one more time before replying “Everything is fine.” Smiling, he folds up the note, puts it back into the envelope and secures into an inner pocket. He pulls out his phone while following Greg into the building. He sends a quick text to John:
“Mostly, I’ve had a headache on and off since I woke up in hospital.” Rubbing his right temple.
“Loo John. I’ll be right back.”
“Wedding breakfast?” I sound panicked even to myself “What wedding breakfast?” I blurt out. Mary and I didn’t do that.
“I seem to be able to consume eggs, fish and white meat; chicken and turkey. Ground beef in a vegetable sauce is tolerable. But I have been having issues with nausea since the attack if I attempt to eat larger pieces of pork, lamb or beef. I used to love bacon, can’t stomach it anymore.” Greg grunts from the other side of the room remembering breakfast a few weeks back.
Sherlock leans forward in his chair “Yes, he said you were shot while trying to help a fellow soldier. He didn’t go into detail other than he was able to stem most of the bleeding in your shoulder before you were both captured.”
“I’ll contact Greg, maybe we can get our hair cut and hang out if he’s not too busy. You should visit your sister, it’s been a couple weeks and we are going away for a month. Don’t want her upset again.”
Kevin adds “Gear is in the room by the back door with the dog stuff, have fun” staring at his computer.
John can’t help but smile at Sherlock. He had enjoyed the time with Sherlock’s parents the Christmas they spent with them despite the situation with Mary and Magnussen. “So your Mother called huh?” John asks innocently, handing over Rosie, who reaches for Sherlock, so John can take off the harness and his coat.
“Hi John. I brought coffee and food from Tony’s Café.” Mike greets.
“I prefer Watson-Holmes. Has a ring to it ‘Sherlock Watson-Holmes and Doctor John Watson-Holmes’.”
There is a nice apartment in the barn/garage so we decided to hire a live-in caretaker. While wandering the local farmers market we met (well, Sherlock found) a young man who was raised on a nearby sheep farm and is familiar with bees. Our new tenant and caretaker, Douglas Quileute, worked with Sherlock on how to best refurbish the garden and where to set up our new bee hives.
“Lestrade recognized one of the women, we’re not positive she was on her third strike. Right now, I’m thinking not. I’ll have to check with my homeless network about one of the boys…” Sherlock starts to pace the length of the bed, “I’d like you to stay here while you recover. You’ll need help keeping,” stopping and waving at John’s back again, “that clean. If you give me your address, I can go collect some of your things if you want. Mike can stay with you while I run out?” The last addressed to Stamford.
He takes a deep breath “Thank you sir” he replies tenderly.
Sherlock wanted to take a walk and explore. Rosie and I napped on the flight from New York so are up to the task. My back is still bothering me but it’s bearable, I take a couple paracetamol to take the edge off. “Where to first love?” I ask as I place Rosie in the harness on my chest.
“May I look at it? See if there is anything different from Mycroft’s information.”
I get up to greet Harry. I give her a quick hug, she smells like a brewery; wonderful. “Bloody hell Harry! Are you fucking drunk?” I growl lowly in her ear.
Three agents look at John, then Sherlock in confusion. Sherlock answers their unasked question “The owner of the property hunts” pointing absently, with his left hand, at the mounted animal heads on the walls around them, exasperated. “He has bags big enough to hold an elk carcass, one should hold Kidde capably. The body should be safe to store in the skinning shed.” More puzzled expressions from the three agents; John smirks tossing Burton a cloth bag. With a frustrated sigh, Sherlock adds “The screened building next to the creek.”
“Lies?”
After Rosie settles and goes back to sleep with her furry, four footed guards, John continues to tend to the various wounds of the agents and Sherlock. Agent Kreisler has a lump on her head, a mild concussion, along with cuts and bruising on her wrists and ankles from being tied up. Agent Parks also has a concussion from being knocked out. As for Sherlock, John is concerned he may have a broken right wrist to go along with his bruised knuckles.
“I am being reasonable, if not their bodies would be rotting out at the gate!” Sherlock growls in answer. The three agents pale as they listen to the men argue. “Someone is threatening my family, dammit! We’re on holiday for fucks sake!” Throwing his hands in the air. Starts to pace. Stops. Takes a calming breath while returning to John’s side. “John, you have tactical experience, what do you think of their inept plan?” waving at the documents and map laid out on the table.
I take a moment, this is a lot to take in. “You’re positive this is what you want Sherlock?”
Rosie’s entire preschool class was near the end of singing ‘The 12 Days of Christmas’.
“It’s the 15th, we’ll need at least three days in New York then a day to fly to San Francisco… I’ve booked us to fly out on the 22nd. I assume your friend Kevin will want to make sure we arrive before he leaves?”
Sherlock sets the bag on his abandoned chair.
By now our hands are working on undoing belts. I am hard and I can feel Sherlock is as well under my hand as I fumble with his button and zip. I slide off the couch and kneel on the floor between his legs. I reach up and pull of his trousers and pants in one go. I leave them on the floor to cushion my knees. As I gently run my hand from root to tip along his hard cock. Sherlock shudders and moans “Oh John…” I bend down and take him as deep as I can in my mouth. “J… J… John!” He cries.
And not Dalmatians either!
I laugh “Yeah, we have a few items that belong there.” I wipe Rosie’s chin and give her another spoonful. “We’re almost done here. Let me get Rosie ready for her nap then I’ll change into clean clothes then we can go.”
“I am well aware of that” the ‘obviously’ silent, but still implied.
I nod back “Only fair I guess. We can head out after Rosie gets up from her nap.”
“Yes?” I can’t help but wonder what it could be for him to hesitate so.
“Don’t member, said come, I come dinn’t I?” She loudly slurs back at him throwing her arms wide and staggering again.
John sees Sherlock fall every time he closes his eyes; he tries his very best not to even so as much as blink anymore. He’s spent more time in a bottle than his drunkard of a sister these past two weeks and really has no desire to stop.
“If you’re amenable, that is” still looking at the floor.
“Tell me again why we’re here and dressed like this?” John asks, holding his arms out.
“John? Sherlock? You guys here? Decent?” Greg calls out before wandering down the hall to the bedroom; the door to the flat was unlocked. From the open doorway he spots John lying curled up on his side in bed, facing the darkened hall. The drapes are drawn, lights are off and John seems to be hugging his head and breathing rather oddly. “John mate, you alright?”
Flight of Fancy
“John!” Sherlock exasperated.
After John is released the next day we pick up some fresh vegetables and more food for Rosie at the local Safeway since we’re in town. The checker tells us to go to Walmart the next time we need baby food as there is a better selection and price over there.
Mrs. Hudson must have run into Sherlock as he gifts me with a personalized leather case I can use for school, large enough to hold my laptop. Inside I find several pair of silk boxers in assorted colours. I pull out a red pair and promptly feel myself blush.
“I’m not going anywhere without you, I promise.” Leaning back to look Sherlock in the eyes.
Gasping and coughing, Lestrade curls onto his side while trying to catch his breath. Finally gasping out an “I’m fine” in a hoarse voice, while continuing to cough. “Bloody hell!” he croaks out.
6.	37 Fire (Sonoma Co)
“Good, we’ll fly to New York. We can stay there a couple days, Rosie will enjoy seeing the sights.” Sherlock pulls up another window on his laptop and starts looking for flights.
Greg drives us both to Bart’s so I can have my shoulder examined. He stays to keep Sherlock company, and to make sure I’m ok too I guess. They look like they are quietly arguing when I come out with my release papers in one hand and pain meds in the other. Greg sees me first “Ah, you’re back. Nothing broken then?”
John looking Sherlock in the eyes, “It was a one-off. Whatever I felt for him is vastly eclipsed by what I feel for you Sherlock. Never doubt that love.”
“Good question…” Sherlock thinks a moment, continuing to bounce Rosie on his knee. “The train would be faster, but Rosie might not like the rocking and the noise. Plus with all the luggage we would need for a week away with an infant, too much for said train and only two adults.” Rising with Rosie on a hip, Sherlock leans against the kitchen doorway and watches John as he puts away the groceries. “A rental car would probably be easiest, no need to carry luggage too far. We could stop if Rosie starts to fuss.”
“Hopefully not, but until we get the mark and chip sorted…” Sherlock reassures John as Greg pats John on his right forearm. “Lestrade, go back into the office and see if you can find any more evidence for the recent abductions. I’ll text Mycroft to send an agent over to assist you.”
I open the condom and put it on myself before I become too sensitive. Popping open the lube I put a generous amount in my hand. I reach up with my clean hand and grab a pillow. “Lift your hips.” I put the pillow under his hips then swallow his cock down in one go.
“Never figured you for being domestic.” Greg teases while sipping his coffee.
“Between one to two hours normally.” I reply.
The driver, a woman, disembarks, followed by the two male agents, after parking next to the Jeep. The agents seem nervous, Sherlock has yet to say a word. John holding Rosie, on one hip, looks as though he’s ready for a fight to the death.
I receive a, “What? It’s Christmas!” in exchange.
Sputtering, “Only!” Sherlock starts to pace.
John removes the sample tubes from the Bart’s along with clean needles and sets up his tools on the side table, using a clean tray to hold everything. The last things John removes from his bag are his stethoscope, gloves and a tube of medical grade lubricant.
“Fine. You don’t have a lot do you?” The breakfront is half empty and the space Sherlock cleared in the wardrobe is barely touched. Sherlock makes a mental note to figure a way to purchase some nice new clothes for John.
John has been kidnapped. Again.
It wasn’t a far walk, but it was long enough on this ice-cold January evening. Storm clouds were rolling in, lightning streaking across the sky followed by the ever-closer rumbles of thunder. The man cursed himself yet again for leaving his flat this morning without his wallet. He could have taken a cab home instead of having to walk from the tube station, or better yet he could have just taken a cab straight from work. The day he had was a long one, starting well before the sun came up and it was long gone as he limped his way down the poorly lit street. He was tired and sore, leaning heavily upon an aluminium cane with every other step.
Mrs. Hudson is preparing to leave as they enter the street door, “Do you boys need anything at the shops Sherlock?” she wonders.
John is still asleep, wrapped around Sherlock, when Mike Stamford comes back in with a bag of food and coffee. He hands Sherlock his cup, “I grabbed a couple bags of crisps too.” Putting a large take-out bag on the bed table and rolling it closer.
John in recovery – Sherlock declares his love
Kevin walks in the door, without preamble states, “I’ll have to do a load of laundry later if you have anything to add, or you can do your own loads.
Not looking at Sherlock, it is a concern John has, “He. He said…” taking a deep breath, shoulders slumping, “He said you’d get bored with me and leave.” Soft voice, almost a whisper.
By the time the nurse gets in, John has stilled again but is unresponsive for another minute. Doctor Barnes comes in as Sherlock exits the bathroom wearing pyjamas covered by a dressing gown.
Robert kicks John in the back over his right kidney followed by another to his ribs, over where Muldoon had bruised them several weeks back. John cannot hold back a pain filled groan. Robert leans the barrel of a pistol onto John’s right temple and smiles as he orders “Get up old man, we’re gonna have so much fun.”
“Here” Kevin announces when he comes back in “Excedrin, it has aspirin and acetaminophen. Take two, it’ll bring down the fever.” He orders me handing the bottle over along with a glass of water.
I couldn’t tell, but Sherlock noticed the bedroom furniture wasn’t in the same place as when we left. Apparently, Mrs. Hudson mentioned to Mycroft in passing how loud we could be at times while intimate. Mycroft had soundproofing installed in the floors, walls and ceiling of our bedroom. And since just about everything was open and exposed at some point in the building, he had the heating system updated and added an air conditioner to cool the place during the heat of summer.
John plops, ungracefully, into the nearest kitchen chair. He sits, elbows on the table, head in his hands, palms covering his eyes. “Please. Rosie in bed already?” he wonders.
“I have to check in at base by 1700 hours, should only take about three hours but I’ll leave around noon in case of traffic.” Kevin announces as he places plates full of waffles and homemade wild pork sausage on the table.
“I don’t hear anything Sherlock.”
“That’s settled then. You call Mycroft and I’ll look into tickets. Did you want a couple days in New York or fly direct to the west coast?” he grins back.
Greg knocks on the door promptly at noon. Mrs Hudson lets him in and follows him up the stairs. I hear her “Woo, hoo” as they come through the open door to the flat.
John receives a look that would kill a lesser man “I thought that was you?” smirking, “I only want the best after all.”
A crossbow bolt pierced the left shoulder and the wing behind, shattering bones in both locations.
“Right. I need to put on pants and change my shirt. I’ll be ready in a few love.” I give Sherlock a quick kiss and saunter down the hall to our bedroom.
He shakes his head. “Fucking hell that burns! Nothing off other than the backache, a touch of nausea and feeling tired. I put the last down to the time change. Hot shower felt good, but I got overheated though.” That cleared his head.
“Since I can’t tie knots very well one handed, grab your leather cuffs. Bring the bag on top of your toy box too.” I murmur into his ear when he bends down to dry his legs.
He has lost track how long he’s been faking opinions leading up to this day.
“You’ve gotten drunk before, I’ve been drunk with you.” Sherlock scowls.
“Thanks Mike” Sherlock offers after taking a sip of his coffee. Sherlock slips the phone in his pocket, he gently shakes John’s good shoulder. “John? John time to wake up and eat something.”
I look him in the eye “Don’t live like hermit then. PTSD you can get a variety of treatments for. I’m sure I can find you support, if I can’t, I know people who can. I went to a therapist for years, she helped a bit.”
Our reservation has us seated in a window lined corner with a lovely view of the Pacific Ocean and Seal Rock, according to our waiter Patrick. Sherlock orders a bottle of champagne for us while looking over the menu. I elect to start with Tomato Soup with Saffron Risotto as a main dish. I can share both with Rosie. Sherlock decides to start with the Persimmon and Apple Salad with the Bouillabaisse for dinner with the idea of sharing as well.
“Can I choose who I want?”
I come, hard, into the back of his throat. It takes me a few minutes to come back to myself, he’s licking me clean again as I do. I reach down and run my fingers though his soft curls “Good boy, you make me feel so good.” He rolls back onto his heels and looks at me with a pleased grin. “Bedtime, we’ve had a long day.” I rise and walk on rubbery legs to the other side of the bed to get in. He’s still on the floor, his grin is gone. “You didn’t believe me when I said you were not going to get off tonight did you?” I ask, patting his side of the bed.
We had a lesson today on Beef Bolognese. Oh my god, I’ve never had better and I’ve been making this recipe for years! I’m looking forward to the lasagna we’ll use the leftover sauce up with.
He takes a quick glance at the folders she’s given him before asking, “Is there anything else Alana?”
We caught a flight cross country to San Francisco arriving in the early morning, almost 6-hours and three time zones later. While gathering our luggage we meet Skipper the fruit sniffing Beagle. Rosie must still smell like the banana we shared on the plane as he sits next to us. Rosie and I open our luggage for inspection, while Sherlock heads off to pick up our rental car. Just as we’re heading outside, Sherlock drives up in a black Dodge Durango. We set up Rosie’s car seat in the back and put the third row of seats down and toss our luggage in with room to spare. We leave the airport just in time for the morning commute to start. The half-hour it should take to get from the airport to downtown San Francisco takes just over an hour. It will be nice to spend the day and one last night in a big city before heading off to the middle of nowhere. I send Kevin a text to let him know we’ve arrived in California while on the move.
There are hardly any buyers left when the blond man is led limping his way onto the rotating platform, hands cuffed behind him. The man looks as though he has lost quite a bit of weight recently. From their front row seats Sherlock and Lestrade both gasp in horror at the numerous bruises as well as the multiple whip marks crisscrossed on the man’s back become evident as the platform turns, along with raw marks around wrists and ankles. The bruising on his right knuckles suggest he punched someone or something quite recently.
“Good morning” we greet at each other.
“John, feeling up to some food? Anthea dropped off sandwiches and Mrs. Hudson sent along, I believe, a tin of ginger biscuits.” Mycroft asks softly, the glow from his laptop the only light in the room.
“They offered 24/7 drop-in child care. The position is a dream come true. Better hours, pay and fantastic benefits.”
He holds up a finger to give him time or indicate one more symptom. I instead notice his fingernail is odd, ridged with clouds. I pull his right hand down where I can see his fingernails better. I then inspect the other hand.
Picking up Rosie to feed her the bottle, taking a bite from his dish as well, “First she arrived drunk, not good. Then she disapproved of me, yet again… or maybe still?” Rosie started to fuss, Sherlock took a breath to calm down. Slowly, continuing in a softer voice, “Harry didn’t listen when John told her we are together; she thinks we’re still just flat mates.” Taking another calming breath, “She didn’t make it to his wedding to Mary. Couldn’t be bothered to show up for Rosie’s birth or christening. Today was the first time she saw her niece. She’s been more or less absent from his life since he was invalided home and then had the nerve to tell John he was an idiot for moving back in here.”
Barnes huffs, “This day just gets better and better. Fine, you do the updates then, I’m going to dinner.” Shoves the file at Mike and storms out.
Smirking, “Right, how can I forget? Okay, beheadings in abandoned restaurants… I believe you named the case ‘Head Bangers’ on your blog?” Greg adds.
“John?” he croaks.
Sherlock doesn’t look up from the socks he’s sorting into a top drawer. “Hmm? Oh, you shouldn’t wear those anymore. They look hideous on you.” Blunt and to the point.
“I’ll show the other places to you tomorrow it’s getting late and I could do with dinner. Head across the creek and we’ll drive back by the main road.”
“Sherlock, I take back my wondering of what else could go wrong. Quite frankly I don’t want to know anymore. Was this Moriarty fellow a previous boyfriend of yours or something? He was rather pissed off to find me in your bed.” John wonders.
“No, John is right… I shouldn’t have said anything here. My shift ends in an hour, why don’t I meet you at Baker Street around half six.”
Just before Sherlock opens the door Greg gets in one more comment “If either of you need someone to talk to, I’m always available.”
“SHERLOCK!! It’s 2am! Quit torturing your violin and go to bed, you must be exhausted. You haven’t slept for days, you need to rest.”
“Fine.”
John proudly replies, “I was awarded several Distinguished Service medals as well as the Queens Medal and Victoria Cross. Oh, and the Americans awarded me a Medal of Valor.”
“Myke don’t upset John…” Violet begins, cuddling Rosie, sitting on a chair, next to Mycroft, in front of the burning wood stove. Siger is in the kitchen preparing afternoon tea for all.
He awakens not knowing how he got where his is...
“I didn’t ask, we can send an email back with any questions. Let’s open the next email and see what is in his pantry and cupboards huh?” I smile at him, still rubbing his thigh. Sherlock’s cheeks are getting pink.
“How do you… no, never mind.” Greg enters a command, “Ah, Nash again. I’ll have to notify Internal Affairs to investigate this.” Pulling out his notebook again, “I’ll write these down, then see if we can find any other files that look suspicious.”
I reach down and grab his hands in mine before Sherlock can lower the zipper. “Yours. Upstairs love” I raise his left hand and kiss the ring “I want you upstairs”.
“NO!” Sherlock hisses “Rosie is in there, John will not appreciate you placing a firearm within her reach. I’ll wake him, wait here.”
“Still something missing…” Sherlock states again.
“Right, you’re right.”
John swallows, wincing in discomfort, before speaking low, “Yeah, didn’t feel all that well. Got a call from the day care just as I finished my last scheduled patient for the day. Told Sarah I had to leave early because of both myself and Rosie.” John had been rubbing his left thumb in a soothing circle on Rosie back as she sleeps. “She was asking for ‘Papa’ when I picked her up.” His right arm is arched over the top of his head, fingers brushing the pillows usually at the other end of the couch.
Several days have passed. Renovations are almost complete, another week, two at the most. We changed the plans from a half-bath into a full one upstairs to make ourselves master suite. We opted to install new flooring and add soundproofing throughout as well. While we were at it we exposed a couple large beams in the ceiling and updated the insulation.
“I’d kill for a decent cup of coffee, all I’ve had today is the swill they have at the Yard.”
I’m yelling by the time I finish. The entire restaurant is looking at me in stunned silence now. SHITE! I feel like punching someone or something at this point. My whole body is trembling. Sherlock is still sitting in front of me, he turns around, straddling the chair, and wraps his arms tightly around my waist. I tense up at first, but he doesn’t let go. I bury my face in his curls as I slowly calm down, breathing in his scent. Sherlock gently rubs my lower back in soothing circles. When I calm down a bit I look at Harry again. “Sherlock asked you here today to celebrate that we are getting married and he is going to adopt Rosie. It was to be a joyous occasion shared by family and friends.” I sigh “Thanks so much for coming Sis.” I end sarcastically. I bury my face back in Sherlock’s curls and hug him back just as tight.
I can’t keep my hands from running all over wherever I can touch him. Pinching a nipple here, stroking his cock there. I hear the pop of the lube open. Next I feel is his hand running between my arse cheeks. He slowly kisses his way down my body again until he is kneeling in front of me again. “Sherlock, please love…” I beg again.
“No, my blue wool dressing gown.”
Meanwhile Sherlock is wandering around the barn and surrounding area, taking in every detail. He seems fascinated by something on the hill across from where we are. I notice a small orange ‘dot’ on the hill, must be a long range target. I glance around and see the shorter range targets.
This is the day.
John turns, taking a happy Rosie, wearing a fancy red velvet and lace dress, from a flustered man with a camera bag on the floor at his feet.
Mumbling to himself “stupid” Sherlock opens the door and enters. He opens his mouth to speak but loses his train of thought as he spots John, stretched out, head back, resting on a rolled towel, eyes closed, naked, soaking in the tub. Naked… It’s been awhile since he’s seen John naked in full daylight. John has been taking advantage of the gym at the hospital, and it clearly shows. John’s chest is well formed, his stomach is flat, solid muscle where a bit of pudge used to be, a strong hint toward a six pack. Sherlock swears as he feels as though all the blood in his body just headed to his groin. “Fuck” he growls low.
Lestrade who was sitting in Sherlock’s chair looks as though his eyes are about to pop out of his skull at that information. He knew John was an army doctor but didn’t know he was a decorated war hero. He soundlessly mouths ‘wow’.
“Wait! John, what do you mean you’ve been offered another position? What? Where?” Shocked.
“Sherlock Holmes. Thank you for staying. You don’t know how boring this place is.” Holding John’s hand longer than is customary. “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Smiling fondly at his husband, Sherlock sits, touching shoulder and thigh with his husband while taking a bite of his own biscuit. “I still can’t believe our Rosie is a teacher.”
“You’re supposed to be resting.” Sherlock frustrated.
“Yeah. I use them for a few things. They make decent nipple clamps…” his voice drops to a low mumbling and I can’t hear the end of the sentence.
From around his stomach Sherlock hears a groan and a low, roughly growled, “Sod off!”
Unknown to John, Sherlock did not forget the anniversary of his being brought into this world. Sherlock had even ordered a cake and had arranged for Angelo’s to deliver all of John’s favourites for them, along with a nice bottle of wine. He had even notified Lestrade that they were not to be disturbed for any reason at all today, even for a ranked 10 locked room multiple murder.
“Yeah. You know what? I don’t care. I miss this place, and you for that matter. Fine. Fine we can share.”
“Well, I missed you as well. It’s too quiet around here, Mrs. Hudson doesn’t get my tea quite right… the skull isn’t nearly as entertaining as he used to be.” Pouting.
“No? And here I thought I was the jealous one.” John muses out loud before giving Sherlock a chaste kiss on the lips.
He grins back “I texted her earlier along with Mrs. H, Molly, Greg and Angelo, she said she would be late but she will be here.” As he squeezes my hand.
Later, while Rosie naps I grab my laptop and start looking up wedding vows. I want something different than what I did with Mary, something more us. After an extensive search I believe I have something perfect, Sherlock agrees. I send a quick email with the vows to Mycroft. About the time I hit return we both hear noises coming out of the monitor; Rosie is awake.
Trembling, voice quaking, “Sir, Holmes used false information and paid for the man in cash. Cooper thought he recognized him but wanted to make sure of his suspicions were correct and had them followed to Baker Street.” she informs him.
“Massage oil Greg. I gave John a massage, he had another headache.” Sherlock huffs.
I run my tongue up his shaft then work my way down and nip and suck my way to his hole. Running circles with my tongue around his puckered flesh reducing Sherlock to moans and groans. Flicking my tongue I push it in rhythm until I feel him start to relax and loosen. I start to fuck him with the tip of my tongue, going as deep as I can with each thrust. The sweating, writhing mess of a Consulting Detective is groaning louder with each push. I insert my finger in along with my tongue successfully rubbing his prostate.
“Dimmok, you see but you don’t observe!” Sherlock exclaims, twirling while waving his hands around the room. “Even John spotted what you lot have missed.”
“Please, take your time.” Our client answers pleasantly, obviously not pissed with Sherlock then. Good, very good.
Two weeks later…
Doctor Barnes, with a slight sneer, “We don’t need you in here Mike and visiting hours are over.”
I shake my head ‘no’, I don’t know anything and Sherlock didn’t share. “Not going to say anything? Oh, I bet we can get you to talk.” Camorra gestures to a brute in the corner, “Carlyle, see if you can get the good Doctor to talk, eh?”
“In that case Sherlock, you shouldn’t see me in my ‘dress’ as it were. Bad luck and all.” I grin back. “Why don’t you go out front and see what you can find for yourself while we fit the tux.”
“What about her?
A man in a black 3-piece suit walks into my line of vision. “Greetings Doctor Watson, I’m a big fan of your blog. Allow me to introduce myself, I am Vincent Camorra. I understand you and Mr. Holmes are looking for me.” In a sing-song Italian accent. He walks in a circle around me. “Looks like someone has treated you badly of late, shame” he pokes the yellowing bruise over the scar on the back of my left shoulder. I wince but am able to stifle a moan. “How much do you know about my setup here?” he demands.
I missed Sherlock last night and if his reaction is anything he missed me as well. As soon as the front then the inner doors are locked Sherlock has me pressed against the wall as he starts to kiss me while undoing my buttons. I want him so bad but I don’t want to start our honeymoon in a stairwell.
“It’s in your hand Sherlock.”
Greg in Sherlock’s chair nods. Lawyer Daggett, “Please explain the last part further.”
Under him, Sherlock moans out “more…”
Removing his gloves to shake hands, “I’m pleased to meet you Doctor Jacobs. I’m Doctor Vincent Murray, Dean of St Bartholomew’s Teaching Hospital. If you have some free time I’d like to discuss the possibility of you being a guest lecturer. I’ve already been lucky enough to have one of my best students come back to me.” Smiling fondly at John.
I hook a thumb at the baby monitor and grin, “Yeah. So, who won the pool at the Yard?”
“Stay. Please. I, I don’t feel right keeping you from your bed and, I um… I hate to admit it but I may need help getting up in the night. Probably be best if you were near…”
“What’s this then?” John wonders, confused, and a bit nervous. Last time Mycroft handed him an envelope it was a blood test showing the level of illegal drugs in Sherlock’s system.
“Good, rather not do something that could kill you if you don’t mind. I read about ‘wax play’ online, watched a couple videos. There are candles that have a wax that melts at a lower temperature than the average candle. It looked like it would be interesting to try.”
There is a hesitant knock at his office door. He calls “enter” to whomever is knocking without looking up from file he is currently reading. A thin woman enters, the silver tag on her black leather collar bright and shining. She’s been in his service for several years now. Originally purchased as a bed slave, she’s outlived her usefulness between the sheets, too old now with greying hair and wrinkles around her eyes. She had learned to read and write from her previous Master, a college professor, a skill that has become useful in her new position as his personal assistant. She’s discovered her new Master can be merciful if she doesn’t betray his secrets, last heard, her predecessor was working deep in a coal mine alongside murderers.
“Oh.”
“I can’t lose you John.” Troubled.
Stepping closer so he can rub a hand down Sherlock’s arm, “I’ve learned from the best Sherlock Watson-Holmes. Besides, I can make it worth your while…” dancing an eyebrow.
“Ah, no. He’s not with me today… we can drop by another day. We’re here on a fairly regular basis…”
The tech hesitates until Sherlock huffs, pointing at John “He’s a Doctor, just do what he says.”
I clear my throat and look him in the eyes, “First of all, I would prefer for this to be monogamous.”
I open the drug bottle and swallow two, placing the bottle back in Rosie’s nappy bag. I offer her some water from my canteen as it’s warm out. Spotting Kevin digging in the dirt upstream I bounce Rosie on my hip as we make our way over, keeping half and eye on Sherlock. “What did you find?” I ask Kevin walking up to him.
“Thanks Mike, I’ll see if my brother can arrange something for here.” Following the man out to the kitchen and down to the front door.
John doesn’t even bother looking at the unit, “Yeah, should be 98.6 with that setting.”
“That’s Sherlock’s, he’s had that since we met.” I smile as I fondly recall the memory “He left after deducing me to grab his crop that he left in the morgue. He leaves it in the oddest places, found it the shower once…” I’m trying for nonchalance, not sure if it’s working or not.
I try control myself “I’m sorry, I know. It won’t happen again. So you like to be spanked? Just the paddle or do you want me to use my hand sometimes?”
“Send a copy of the information to Mycroft as well.” Sherlock mentions, leaning back while folding his hands as though in prayer under his chin.
Ignoring Mike, John is curious, “What does the contract say? I handed it to you to read it out loud to me.”
“Odds are nothing will go wrong, I’ve only had one instance where the water stopped and it was my own fault for not shutting off a cabins water when I dismantled it. I accidently drained the tank. You shouldn’t have to do anything, there is another filter in the garage with the generator. Remind me when we get back and I’ll show you where it is, never had a reason to replace it yet though. Anything else? If not let us get this show on the road.” Kevin climbs back into the jeep.
“Oh god, I’m so sorry!” Greg finally gets past his lips, backing out the door, hitting the wall in the hallway wall as he turns.
John grunts out, “Thanks for that”.
“My parents are just across the hall John…” Sherlock begins, low.
Sherlock waves a hand in the air, “Not a problem. Right, I’ll be back. You can stay Mike? If you have to go, I can send up Mrs. Hudson to keep watch over John.”
Taking a moment to run a hands over John’s bare chest before answering. “Yeah, Father too. Though he refers to himself as the ‘sane one’.” Sherlock replies and reveals, after seeing the curious look on his lovers face. “Mummy and Father met at a school mixer at Cambridge; love at first sight apparently. Father was majoring in business law with a minor in music theory and Mummy was finishing up her Maths Ph.D.”
“I will not put my family at risk, no. Don’t ask, we won’t do it!” Sherlock exclaims again.
“Mycroft, thanks for the lift.” John puts the box of his belongings between his feet.
“Shhh, love, relax. Take a quick shower but don’t get your hair wet, you have time for that. I’ll go put out a suit for you.” Rosie is in her bouncy chair happily hoping around. I leave her alone for a moment to grab my favourite of Sherlock’s suits and one of the aubergine shirts I adore.
While Sherlock is in the kitchen feeding Rosie her breakfast, I was starting to clean up from Rosie’s birthday party the evening before. The adults celebrated long after the birthday girl fell asleep. While gathering a few beer bottles that somehow ended up on the bookshelf by the front windows (Ta Greg!), I noticed a harpoon in the corner. I’d almost forgotten about it. I haven’t seen it for several years with it being tucked in behind the bookshelves.
Through the ringing in his ears Sherlock hears John swear out “Bloody hell!” just before two police cars fill the alley with pulsing blue lights.
“Oh God, yes!” I sigh back “You’ve been such a good, good boy.”
We giggle our way through traffic back to Baker Street.
“If you’re amenable Mr. Holmes, I can work in another finger to do a more thorough examination of your prostate.” John adds while continuing to pump his left index finger in and out of Sherlock’s hole, curling his finger over the sensitive nub.
After the shooting range, Keven starts to show us the points of interest on this ridge. Sherlock is intrigued at one field with a sign stating it being ‘tombstone flat’, according to Kevin there is an old homesteader buried on the flat somewhere. The headstone having long ago been kicked over and around by the resident horses and at one time cows. At the top of the field are a few old wooden stakes Kevin states as being an old sheep marking pen.
“Hey! I enjoyed your version of ‘twinkle, twinkle little star’. That was what you played wasn’t it?”
September 21st, is a day I will remember just as fondly as yesterday. For the first time I was able to keep a secret from Sherlock! After a bit of sweaty fun before getting out of bed, we showered and dressed to get ready to head out to Angelo’s for brunch. Part of my wedding gift to Sherlock was delivered to Mrs. Hudson yesterday morning; new slides, petri dishes, assorted Erlenmeyer flasks, test tubes and a new microscope ordered through Bart’s with help from Mike.
I’m almost asleep, Sherlock is using my right shoulder as a pillow, when he speaks up “John?”
“Fantastic.” John mumbles sarcastically. Then questioning, “Is there any way we can slow them down? Block the door or something?”
“Scorpions? You’ve made pets out of scorpions? Why?” Kevin asks looking at us confused.
John really doesn’t feel good. He’s laying back on the bed awaiting his fate. I sit on the edge of the bed and hold his hand. “Tell me what happened. Where am I and how did I get here?” John wonders.
Sherlock rises and grabs both of our phones from our coats and returns, handing me mine. “I’ll start with Angelo, I’m not sure how long the cake will take to complete. Then Jorge, he’ll need to know how much time he has” grinning at me.
John throws up both his hands and exasperation, “She shot you Sherlock! You died!” John yells.
“Right.”
“Okay… I, I know what I can get for Sherlock. I think I know what to get for Greg and Molly… I have to get moving! Greg will be here at noon, I need to purchase everything and be back in time!” I give her one more kiss on the cheek, grab Rosie out of her pram and head out the door.
“Yeah, I can wait outside the door and wait for you to call, no problem.” Handing over the red silk pants.
“Why must I meet them Mummy?”
“We’re out. Haven’t had a chance to go to the shops for a few days. If you want coffee you’ll have to get it at Speedy’s. We have a variety of tea though, cupboard left of the sink.” John answers.
Another exasperated sigh comes over the line “You are leaving by September 22nd and I now along with Miss Watson’s passport, I have to procure you both hunting licences for California? Yes, I ‘got’ that. I will have Anthea drop them by when they are ready.”
“The string of burglaries, Andy’s Hit-squad? Andy had a girlfriend slash accomplice, Chloe, we couldn’t find any evidence to convict her before. I’ve sent Lestrade instructions to get a print of her feet and compare them with the bloody ones found at the crime scenes. John once again you were my conductor of light!”
“Shut it you!” Angrily shoving Sherlock over toward her brother via the knife tip, “Watch this one closely Robert, I don’t want him to escape or to interfere with any of my fun.” Roberta leers at John in anticipation. “Where to begin…” She prowls around the pillar, relinquishing control of Sherlock to her twin brother. “First off, I think we should see what we’re dealing with” she whispers seductively in John’s ear as she slowly slices his old blue plaid shirt off, none too carefully, exposing his upper body.
“Yeah, he is” I growl annoyed and her bedside manner is not helping.
The younger man laughs then points behind Sherlock. “We grabbed your Vampire Doctor friend as well. He’s tied up in ropes doused in holy water with crosses in the knots. He can’t move.”
“He loaned them to us, we both have permission to hunt on the property while we’re here, on holiday.” Sherlock stresses.
John smiles fondly and steps closer to put his arms around Sherlock and Rosie. “If you feel overwhelmed at any point we can leave. I’m here for you if you need me love.”
Sherlock took control of the lovemaking tonight, he’d been waiting a long time to get off today. He licks, sucks, tweaks and gives me more pleasure than I’ve felt ever before. Since he had to delay his gratification today, he brought me to the edge several times before allowing me to finally orgasm. I wouldn’t be surprised if Kevin were getting off on my moans. It felt so fantastic, I Just couldn’t keep myself quiet.
I flip us over and ride Sherlock as fast and hard as I can on his hard cock until Sherlock gasps and I feel him come inside of me. As Sherlock begins to breathe easier, I gently roll us over onto our sides, as his cock slips out I wince a bit. I kiss him then grab the lube container to put on the bedside table, grabbing a few tissues to clean myself with. I pull up the covers, gathering Sherlock close.
It is dark out when I wake, my head is clear but my shoulder is painful again. Sherlock is gone but it’s still warm where he was laying so he hasn’t been gone long. The bedside clock shows 3:30am, Rosie must be awake and needing attention. I grab my dressing gown and slippers and head downstairs to see what they are up to. Sherlock has Rosie in her highchair and is just sitting next to her opening a jar of pureed carrots as I walk in.
At the front of the procession, holding Sherlock’s, my husband’s hand in mine, I ask “Was that you playing on the CD? It was lovely.”
As the song ends, the taller man leans down and whispers in his partner’s ear, “I love you John Watson Homes.”
Agent Burton wonders “How did Kidde manage to get so close?”
“Brilliant!” in unison from John and Kevin.
“You take the top, I have the bottom already. On three?”
He looks at me shrewdly “Tell you what John, I’ll go with you if you’ll let me pick you out a couple of new suits.
“After Sherlock? Who could compare, every bloke I met was lacking.“
On the way out, I notice a box next to the tub, ‘Mr Heater’, with a couple small propane bottles on top. There are a few candles that were not there yesterday as well. Maybe Sherlock and were not as quiet as we thought last night, oops!
The tech nods then starts to rummage through drawers.
John slowly turns his head toward the sound of Sherlock’s voice, “Sh’lock“ a slurred, croaked whisper.
I respond “Not Donovan though, Greg. I don’t want to deal with her for a while.” I smile at him “We’re good, doesn’t it look like it?” Sherlock is looking at me from the door with one hand on the doorknob the other rubbing Rosie’s back.
God I’m pissed. I wasn’t this angry when Sherlock pretended to be a waiter for Mary and me when he came back. I wasn’t this angry in Smith’s morgue. I don’t believe I have ever been this utterly furious with anyone before, ever.
Greg beat Sherlock back to Baker Street. He took a sleepy John’s fingerprints and was running them through New Scotland Yard’s database via his laptop at the kitchen table, when Sherlock returned.
“Didn’t know she was trying to say your name, she’s never tried where I could hear before.”
John is smiling, doing his best not to laugh, “Seriously? Okay, anything specific you want to learn how to make?” Excited, this is something they can do together.
John is leaning on the doorframe, obviously tired and worn out. But he still smiles at Sherlock’s concern, “Probably not… I was wondering if there was any curry left? Realized I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast.”
Kevin clears his throat. I turn and glare at him. He pales and keeps his mouth shut. Good.
I do so love that man! <3
I don’t know about Sherlock, but I think we’re going to have fun getting lost a few times exploring this place in the next month. “I’m good so far” I answer. Sherlock just nods next to me, he knows I’ll be able to read the map and get us back.
“Yep. She was the one who had wanted to try a different position. TMI, I took her from behind. Saw the bruises I left on her hip when she was drying off after a shower. I was picturing pounding into Sherlock while I was in her. Not. Good. At. All.”
“Nope, don’t want to hear it.” He snarls. Grinning a cold smile, he continues, “Did you expect me to raise another man’s child as my own? Were you ever going to tell me?” His hands are fists at his side, he’s never wanted to strike a woman so badly before.
