“Perfect timing,” Tony beamed pulling them back out of the lab and into the elevator, pushing the button for the garage.
It wasn’t long into his walk before he felt his body calm, resetting to the contentedness it had gotten used since moving out here. Well, until he heard footsteps sound from further in the wood.
Tony shot a hand out to grab Steve’s hip, stopping his movement. Steve’s eyes blew open, pupils blown, but already searching for Tony’s discomfort. Before he could air his concerns, Tony grabbed at Steve’s shoulders and twisted, yanking the man down to the bed, Tony smoothly sliding on top of him.
Natasha, professional as always, didn’t comment on Steve’s appearance. “Steve, this is my friend Olivia. I thought you’d like to meet her.”
Sam sucked in a breath through his teeth. “Nat, you do this and you’ll be arrested!” he argued. “No way Fury lets you go into protection.”
“Don’t flatter yourself, I can hold off,” Tony snapped. His eyes trailed down Steve’s body and he couldn’t help but smirk. “But can you?” he questioned, looking at Steve’s large cock, colored almost an angry red and steadily leaking.
Stark scoffed at Thor before glaring back at Steve. “You know the last time we saw each other he tried to kill me with a hammer?”
The man ignored the voice, electing to continue down the hall, sweat collecting on his brow as he pushed his aching legs closer to the door.
Tony frowned even thought his eyes were already closed. “You need to sleep,” he murmured into the pillow. “And eat. You’re skinny.”
“Just this last time,” Steve placated. “I’m sorry that you couldn’t trust us enough to tell us what was going on.”
“Good idea,” agreed Steve. He frowned however, as a thought his him. “Maybe… maybe you should do it at your place.”
Clint shrugged, keeping his body loose with indifference. “Can’t help it if no one’s coming in to shop. Sales are down, of course they’ll be cutting staff.”
“No.” The answer was short, harsh in its finality. Tony looked up through his lashes to see Steve’s strong gaze looking back at him, never wavering.
Steve shot a hand out and gripped at Tony’s arm on impulse, a silent plea for the man to keep his mouth shut. Tony yanked away but obliged, watching Steve with careful eyes, ready to jump in at a moment’s notice.
Tony finally used one of his hands to grab at Clint’s face, forcing him to make eye contact. “Clint, what the hell?”
Natasha took off her other slipper, placing both in the canvas bag she brings with her. She could keep her shoes here – while the community instructors all shared a singular office, they each had their own locker. Unfortunately, one of the community theatre directors was a vile, sloppy man with a pallet to match. Her first Saturday here, Natasha left extra clothes and slippers in her locker for her class on Wednesday. Community theatre has practice on Monday nights, but the slimy Mr. Wells uses the office all day as his personal bachelor pad (as much of a bachelor pad a balding, overweight, middle-aged man could have), as there’s nothing else on the schedule that day or the following. While Natasha heard warnings from other teachers of toenail clippings and leftover trash, what she discovered that Wednesday was a stale chicken kiev that had been left baking in the sun on the shared desk. It seemed that Mr. Wells had forgotten to finish his dinner. At least that was her first thought, until Natasha saw him walking the halls later that day, munching on the same meal. Turns out he was just saving it for later. Natasha shuddered at the smell that had hit her when she first walked into the office that day. Even now, she could still smell the faint remnants of the rancid chicken. Since then, Natasha carted everything she needed too and from her place. She’d already lost one good pair of slippers to that stench; she wasn’t going to risk another.
Bucky had spent hours, watching and rewatching Stark’s interviews, looking for anything that would give him a clue about the rest of the crew. Searching his facial expressions, how he moved his hands, even focusing on what he was wearing. But he never found anything. Stark was carefully tame in front of the cameras, giving nothing away, giving no sense of anything being wrong. Dancing through each interview like it was a normal Tuesday for him.
“Steve!” The two men cried out in unison as they watched The Captain fall to the depths of the river. They took off immediately, keeping their feet light as they dashed across the dangerous ice.
“I agree. I’ll have agents start analyzing whatever of the bomb is left. We’ll catch the bastard,” said Hill, already walking away.
“I disagree,” replied Tony, not able to hold back his smile. “Nothing beats sleeping in your own bed. It’s a long flight in the jet, but I think it’s worth it. All in agreement?”
of it hitting the body. Steve had been using it for years; it was basically just an extension of his arm now.
This time, Steve stepped forward, his hackles rising. Stark was too cocky, and too smart. Steve needed to get him out of here, away from his family. Every minute that Stark sat in here was another minute he was putting them at risk. "You've crossed too many lines today. I tried to be civil, but you're in Brooklyn now; I won't hesitate to kill you if you continue to piss me off," he snarled.
Bruce sat in the quinjet, letting his teammates file in. Another successful mission, luckily accomplished without needing the Hulk’s help.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I don’t have anything more to say on the matter.” Tony started to walk away, but The Captain grabbed his arm in a tight grip.
He could see him laughing, schmoozing with the reporters like he usually did, but Tony couldn’t wait. He grabbed at Stane’s shoulder and yanked him around, showing him the photos out of any camera’s eyeline.
He ran through the streets until he found a convenient store. When the clerk wasn’t looking, he stuffed his pockets with Aspirin and some snacks. Eating in an a dead end, and swallowing as many Aspirin as he could, Steve considered his next move.
After an eternity of walking down the long tunnel, Tony saw a service ladder, leading to a large iron door. Tony breathed a sigh of relief, quickly climbing to the door. Slamming his fist against the cold metal, Tony issued three sharp bangs against the door. Tony could hear a small shuffle on the other side of the door before it gave a large creak, opening to Tony.
Clint walked aimlessly upstairs, quickly peeking into bedrooms, but nothing seemed missing. It wasn't if they really had anything worthwhile here - or, at least anything Loki didn't already have access too. It wasn’t until he reached the staircase again that he saw it.
“-be dead, I swear to God. If you’re dead, I’m going to bring you back just so I can kill you myself,” he heard. “Tony, come on!”
Steve didn’t reply, just continued to stare blankly at the ceiling. Natasha curled back up around him, and began stroking his hair, soothing him for the whole hour.
Every day he looked at that bag. Every day, weighing his chances. There had even been a few instances where he’d picked it up and brought it to the front door. But he never crossed the threshold. He could never make those final steps.
, I suppose, Tony thought to himself. He and Barnes weren’t the ‘glass half full’ type of man, nor were they the ‘glass half empty’. They were the ‘it doesn’t matter how much water is in there now, it’ll be gone eventually’ type of men.
Tony ignored her question; he just flew out of the building, looking to the ground for a familiar redhead. Sure enough, just behind one of the police lines was his old friend.
she thought with a sad smile. Maybe she’d known even back then that this was something worth fighting for. Natasha looked around her apartment again, someone’s else life staring back at her.
Sam didn’t reply, but she knew he understood. When she was walking to the bathroom, she’d looked at elevator, mainly the indicator above the doors. The glowing red light had read 3. Logically, she knew that there was a chance that Fury went down to a floor and someone else used the elevator, bringing it a different floor, but it was a better option that trying to go floor by floor. They didn’t have the time for that.
Watery eyes widened as they peered over an out of date pair of wire-frame glasses. Her voice trembled alongside the rest of her frail body, making the already devastating picture absolutely unbearable.
Yay for POV changes. As the story carries on, I'll most likely continue mixing up the POV's (stemming away from just Steve and Tony) to keep you on your toes. (AKA, if you want me to write about someone in particular/you don't want me to write from a certain person's eyes, now is your time to shine.)
“Ignore it. I need to find Pepper first.” That was the third time Steve had called. But Tony couldn’t face him until he knew that Pepper was safe. Tony knew that FRIDAY was transmitting his signal so Steve knew he was safe. But Tony couldn’t be distracted; Steve would be here soon anyway.
He heard Steve scream his name and thrust up a final time, hips bowing perfectly. Tony closed his eyes and imagined he could feel Steve’s seed spilling inside him. He barely had time to revel in the feeling before Steve’s hand was back on his cock.
He shot her a winning grin and spun her around the room, the pair gliding easily along with the orchestra. When the song ended, Pepper pulled away, patting at his chest.
“Correct. They were the only thing standing between them and a war between another mob, or even the cops.”
He looked back over at Tony, who had finally managed to pass out a few hours ago, body twisted in the thin blankets, breathing deeply. It was clear that he needed it, and while it stung that Tony hadn’t been sleeping – sleeping with
Tony sighed, but said nothing, returning to his original position and stuck his hands out slowly, careful not to jostle the heavy rectangle that sat in his lap.
Clint and Thor had shown up, finally extracting Steve from his friend’s side. No one asked about Tony. Maybe they already knew.
Tony sighed. It must be Bruce. While on any other day Tony would love his consoling from his friend, he knew that there no way he could sit through any of his pitied looks today. “Go away, Bruce,” said Tony, starting to turn around. With the mask still on, Tony couldn’t make out much of the figure besides the shape of a white lab coat forming around it. “I’m working, and I’m really- ”
“Ugh, no,” Tony moaned, grabbing at his stomach. “I’ve been eating nothing but gas station food for days now, and I think my stomach has shut down.”
“Do you have any idea what I thought when I found you gone?" Steve asked. "Jesus, Tony, I was out of my damn mind.”
Tony snorted. “Steve, I love you, but if we’re gonna make this work, you gotta be more than Captain America. You know that, don’t you?”
And there it was again. The silence. Steve could see the range of emotions flashing across Stark’s eyes until there was nothing left. Emptiness. Just the hollow face that Steve had seen the first time he met Stark. The one that he hadn’t seen in weeks.
Bucky rolled his eyes, but Clint could see the warmth in them. “Fine, but if my finger slips on the trigger one day, I will not be held responsible.” Clint jabbed the man in the stomach to get him back on track, which resulted with Clint getting a sharp slap to the back of the head. “What do you need, Stevie?”
Tony shot the blonde a shocked look, but didn’t comment. “Alright,” Steve said. “Bruce, watch the joint. Everyone else, let’s roll out.”
“It’s Hammer,” continued Pierce as he put The Monger on speaker phone. “What the hell are you doing here?”
So, if I remember my thermodynamics class correctly, water in the gas tank disrupts the combustion process, and with the added sugar, I believe it can cause an engine to stall.
“I could say the same for you,” Tony answered, not walking away from the threshold. “It’s the middle of the night.”
“Oh come on,” Tony argued back, pulling back from his thoughts. “That plan was foolproof. We went over it a million times!”
Steve had no one to blame but himself, really. He knew how dangerous Stark was, but Steve being Steve, had rushed in head first with dripping confidence that The Captain could take on one measly business man.
“It was just a little workout,” Steve replied, even as his brain was screaming at him to quit while he was ahead. He knew that tone. Steve heard it when he watched old press clippings of Tony. The whole ‘
“Sure, come on in,” Tony responded, closing the door behind him. He watched as Barnes stepped around his office, no doubt taking in every detail that he could.
Steve walked into the overcrowded room, the bustling conversations coming to a halt. As The Commandos stared at him, Steve noted how to compensate for the small room, his team ended up sharing seats, leaning against each other to make sure everyone had a place in the cramped space. It was moments like this where Steve couldn’t help but smile, the scene before him reminding Steve that they were more than a team. They were a family. One that Steve was not willing to lose.
Tony scoffed, cutting him off. “What more do you want from me?! You’re the one who made it blatantly clear that you wanted me gone!”
Pepper walked over slowly, looking at the new reactor Tony was holding in his hand. “Why?” she asked.
He’d unknowingly walked Barnes through the process, his mouth spewing steps out before his brain had thought to catch up. And while Barnes was quiet in his deliberation of Phil’s situation, he had more than enough to say about him replacing his night-light.
Tony felt laughter bubbling in his chest like a lovestruck teenager. He jumped on Steve’s chest, hearing the blonde curse quietly before they were kissing again, twisting against each other in the silk sheets of Tony’s bed.
“Sounds like Howard,” Tony mussed. “What about you?” he continued. “Dad never said anything about you.”
But he couldn’t. Not after everything with the SSR, with Howard. Steve’s name had enough weight in the mob community for a man to do some dangerous things. That alone was a good enough reason to-
“No, Tony, you don’t want to know what he did. Something tells me you wouldn’t let him live to see tomorrow.”
Tony could start to feel a fire burning low in his gut, Steve’s fingers only stoking the flames. He arched clear off the bed again and ground down onto the fingers harder. Dear Lord, is this what he’s been missing out on?
Loki laughed again. “Oh, brother. You are as naïve as you are dull.” The dark brunette turned back to Steve. “You can save your energy; you won’t be getting anything out of me.”
“Yes ma’am,” Barnes whispered before retreating across the lab, much like a dog with its tail between its legs, to gather the rest of their belongings.
It had started last week, with the first attack at one of Tony’s warehouse. Steve would have been lying if he said he didn’t enjoy any of it. The thrill of the fight, the adrenaline pumping through his veins. It was the closest he had ever felt to being his normal self in a very long time. Even with Tony added to the crew, everyone just clicked. They were one unit, moving swiftly and deadly through the entire warehouse. He should have known then that something was wrong. That is was almost too easy for The Commandos to slice down those numbers that quickly. But all he could see was Sam’s outlandish victory dance, Bucky’s long forgotten smile, Tony’s kiss-ridden lips. Maybe he had wanted to believe that for once, they had the upper hand again. That for once they were able to pull a move back on HYDRA.
Tony thought. “Please. Every man has their price. Now, I'm gonna go relax at the safe house for a few days, and you’ve got a flight to catch.”
Numbly, Tony found himself following the other man, not without a final glance towards a still silent Steve. Barton led him to a smaller room, towards the back, and for a hot second, Tony thought Barton was bringing him back here to kill him. That was, until clothes were thrust into his hands.
of them. He’d promised to protect them, to stand with them as their brother in arms. There was once a time where whispering ‘The Commandos’ on the street had people running for cover. If only they could see them now. If only they could see the blank stares, the dull bodies. Powerful defenders and heroes, forgotten and left to rot, like marble statues crumbling in a desolate garden.
But somehow, in the midst of everything else, Pepper had managed to surprise him, yet again. But that was so Pepper; going miles out of her way just to make sure she got her point across. Sneaking into the speakeasy, a place she’d avoided like the plague, only to show Tony a glimpse of what she saw through her eyes. A sliver of the humanity that Tony thought he’d lost long ago.
Bucky leaned back on his heels, letting everything soak in. This was worse than he could have possibly imagined. HYDRA was already nipping at their heels, but the introduction of a new mob was the last thing they needed right now. And, considering what they’ve managed to accomplish in the past week, Bucky couldn’t even begin to think how they were going to get out of this one. “Okay,” he said, nodding to himself. “Well, let’s get to work. Problem’s not gonna solve itself, right?”
Steve shook his head in disbelief. “You don’t owe me anything,” he said, still looking at the pictures in awe.
“Make him not the smartest guy in the room. He needs to know he’s not the only person with powerful friends.”
So, the fact that it had been over ten minutes and hadn’t said a single word didn’t sit well with Steve.
Without thinking twice, Clint brought his hands up to his mouth and blew, a broken bird call sounding through the alleyway.
“Yes?” Steve answered slowly, although it came out more like a question, unsure what Tony wanted to hear.
Enjoy! (And, yes, we are back on regular update schedule, so I'll see you all next Sunday. Be there or be square.)
Tony whipped his gaze between the mailbox and Steve. Steve himself didn’t know what he was expecting – it was just an oversized mailbox. Tony’s reaction to said mailbox was, so far, much more enjoyable than the real thing.
Bucky smacked him on the back of his head, Clint squawking as the metal made contact. “Ass,” he muttered.
Chairs scraped along the wood floor in answer, everyone scrambling to find answers. Bucky’s arm reached up and grabbed Clint before he took up the stairs with the others. “Yeah?”
“So, let me get this straight,” said Bucky. “We just spent the last three hours choosing between sheet colors for nothing?”
When Natasha didn’t reply, Bruce continued. “You’re wrong. It’s not your fault; you’ve never had anything like this before. None of us have.”
Steve scissored into Tony, searching for his prostate. With a quick curl of his fingers, Tony howled. Tony pushed back frantically onto Steve’s fingers, trying to find his sweet spot again. Steve moved to insert a third finger when Tony stopped him. “I’m ready. I need you. Now.”
like slipping on a favorite worn-down sweatshirt after pulling it from the dryer. Like ice clinking against each other within a glass of sweet tea, or a callused finger running along the grip of a gun. But it wasn’t home.
Steve huffed, crossing his arms against his chest. “Well, don’t feel obligated to join if you’re not interested. I’ll go and enjoy the sappy crap by myself.”
Bucky jerked his head to the left, to the screen where Fury was displayed, glowering at him, arms crossed and face resting in grim disappointment as usual. Even while not there in person, Steve could feel his domineering presence in the room.  “I asked,” he said, “if you had anything else to add, Captain? Or is there somewhere else you need to be?”
Tony’s heartrate skyrocketed, shooting a fierce look over to Pietro, the boy hunching his shoulders, breaking eye contact. This was not good. If anyone got any proof of what Pietro could do, it would be devastating. It wouldn’t be long before men in black suits would come and take his son away.
“Why don’t you take the gun out in between your legs and do it already,” Rogers sneered. “Since when are you using a gun?”
Steve rolled his eyes, before gesturing to his office. Clint nodded, but moved in the opposite direction. Probably to find Bucky.
The breath was pushed out of his lungs, as he struggled to keep conscious. He groaned when he felt himself being picked up. His blurry vision barely caught his future self drag him off until the alley, before he drifted off.
Until an RPG knocked Riley’s damn ass out of the sky. Nothing Sam could do. Like he was just up there to watch.
“Not a word. He’s no closer to HYDRA, let alone even know you’re involved with me. You and your crew are in the clear, Cap.”
“Relax, Stark, he’s fine,” Natasha drawled. “Not sure why he didn’t pick up the phone,” she accused, looking back to Steve.
Clint nodded. “He hasn’t really been leaving his room. When he does come out, its to check and make sure that everyone is still here."
“JARVIS, Pepper,” he groaned, hoping the AI would understand to get him to the familiar face. When the lift stopped, Tony found himself tripping out of the door and straight into Obie.
“We’re heading to see Clint after you. Then Phil. Not sure what I’m gonna do about Bruce and Thor. You know they’re in Norway?”
Steve groaned when Tony’s fingers brushed against his pulsing length, hips thrusting into Tony’s grip. “Please,” he whispered again, lips dragging along Tony’s neck. He grabbed at Tony’s hand holding his erection and dragged it lower, fingers brushing against his opening.
Clint watched as Loki rolled his eyes dramatically, scoffing at Thor's plead. “I don’t know what you want from me, brother. I’ve been locked up in here the whole time. How could I possibly know anything that’s happened to Stark?” his tone was as slimy as always, and it made Clint roil with anger. Whether or not Loki had direct involvement with Stark's kidnapping, he was absolutely aware of it. Information, that's the market Loki dealt in. Trading whispers for secrets, that sort of thing. A very similar deal to what Tony worked with in the criminal world - except for the fact that Stark used it for protection, and Loki only saw information as fire starters, dropping bombs where he could to get something burning, leaving before it got too hot. It was why he'd never been caught before, never been blindsided.
“Well, maybe next time you’ll think before diving head first into a battle royal on an exploding hellicarrier. And then, of course, diving out of it. Into the river,” snarked Sam. “Honestly, I shouldn’t have been surprised, given your track records with aircrafts.”
He found him in the kitchen, staring at the coffee machine release the final drips of his morning coffee. Steve watched as Tony brought the liquid up to his nose and breathed deep, eyes fluttering shut in satisfaction. He then took a large gulp, a soft moan echoing in his chest in satisfaction. Leave it to Tony Stark to make such a mundane routine erotic.
The only thing that resembled any sort of medical facility was the bed Phil was currently laying on and the numerous machines he was still hooked up too. To the right of him, an EKG blared the steady beat of his heart, the graph shown on the screen reflecting onto the fluid bags that were dripping into small tubes, sliding down with gravity until they reached Phil’s arm. An arm that was currently handcuffed to the bed. That shouldn’t be a problem, though. Clint had taught him every way imaginable to get out of-
“It’s a private residence,” Tony smiled, not even bothering to turn around as he kicked off underwear. “Clothing is optional.”
She laughed quietly. Someone must have had the audacity to knock on her neighbor’s door. Without anything better to do, Natasha tiptoed over to her door, hoping for a good show.
Clint helped him lean up on his elbows, finally able to take in the carnage of the rest of the room. It, well, looked like a bomb went off, the R&D lab almost completely ruined. In the center of it all lay Obadiah, unmoving. He was dead. Tony wanted to be happy, to celebrate the victory. The snake was gone from his company’s garden, defeated by the mongoose. But he didn’t. All he could feel was an overwhelming tide of grief.
“A hit squad shouldn’t be too much of an issue. We’ve got the numbers, we can probably take them out,” someone responded. Dugan, was it?
“What the hell do you think will happen if information starts pouring out about this guy? HYDRA will know we’ve got him, and they’ll come after us!”
"If they were after Stark weapons, you'd think that they would try a little harder," Natasha replied. "So far, they haven't been able to take anything."
Tony flinched at the sound of Barnes’s voice. Without even thinking about it, he pulled his gun out and tossed it to the other man. “Consider it on the house.”
Steve frowned, inching closer again. "You know the answer to that. You know how much you would be worth to people like them."
Tony sighed, eyes sweeping the room idly, trying not to think of the ropes rubbing along his wrists. The water dripping from ceiling pipe echoed loudly through the silent room. Tony narrowed his eyes at it, as if daring the water to leak out again.
Steve heard the door click behind him but he paid it no mind, instead just focusing on the callused fingers that he linked through his. While Tony looked peaceful in his slumber, Steve wanted him to be anything but. He wished that Tony would look like he usually slept; unintelligible ramblings slipping out of his mouth as he snored slightly, his body twitchy slightly, in motion as it always was. Now, Tony was still. Quiet. Steve hated it.
Tony hummed. “You’re right. Maybe the bed posts then. I can probably find a way to be kept entertained there.”
Tony Stark lay hunched over the island, dead asleep on the bar stool. Steve had been so caught up in his daily woes that he hadn’t even seen the man.
Barnes placed the gun on the desk, still facing Tony, and crossed his arms over his chest. “That stunt you pulled at the warehouse.”
Steve wanted nothing more than to wrap his arms around the man, cradling him close. He settled for burying his head into Tony's neck, wet tears smearing across the tan skin. He could hear Tony shushing him softly, his lips pressing gently under his ear. "It's okay, it's okay," Tony whispered, making Steve tremble harder.
“It became a thing because you continue to be a dumbass,” Bucky deadpanned. “Speaking of,” he added, turning to face Tony with an unimpressed stare. “Why the hell are you in a suit?”
“She’s gonna save your life,” Rogers said, not looking up from his watch. “For a long time, she thought we were gonna have a baby. She’d have been a great mother. She loved you so much.”
Tony groaned, pushing Barnes away. Maybe Barnes wasn’t stuck after all. After all, even with the extra adrenaline, there was no way that Tony could have been able to pull the injured man from-
It was well written, if Clint said so himself. There were a lot of theories buzzing around on who started the massive fire on Mr. Davidson’s farm – none of which pointed to Clint; he was no amateur. That being said, people out here loved nothing more than gossip, and current theories ranged from a group of local drunken teenagers to another alien visit. That’s right, another. The alien idea was surprisingly popular – part of the reason that Clint liked the news story so much. When Clint had read about the startingly large amount of people that thought this was a sign of an alien apocalypse, it had him in stitches, a printout of the article proudly displayed on his fridge.
Dear Lord in heaven he hoped not. He knew that he shouldn’t have let Clint get that soundboard. He thought it was hilarious, adding in ridiculous, and mostly mocking, sounds as they recorded. The last thing they needed was Fury slapping a copyright infringement in his lap and a hefty fine to go with it.
He dressed silently, afraid that a single noise could alert the rest of the group. He peeked out into the hallway, empty, just as he had assumed. Creeping down the main floor of the speakeasy, Steve thought about asking JARVIS to confirm that he wouldn’t run into anyone else, but he refrained. Knowing his luck, JARVIS would alert Tony. He could already feel an air of judgement as he walked passed JARVIS’s cameras. Luckily, the ground floor was just as barren, his family still tucked in their bets. Safe. As they should be.
A pleasant flutter passed through his chest, like a giddy school boy realizing that the teacher had chosen him to lead the class. It made him want to puff up his chest at Barnes as if to say '
He knew it was impossible to avoid working with The Commandos in this fight against HYDRA, but The Captain had usually distanced himself from the rest of the crew. And Tony had been more than fine with it; he stayed on his side, they stayed on theirs. But this, sitting at their table, sleeping under their roof? No wonder Barnes is getting volatile. To them, Tony was still an outsider, an unknown variable that was yet to be determined as friend or foe. It seemed that they were only going on the word of The Captain - which, to be honest, could mean anything, as Tony wasn't exactly sure where they stood either.
A punch along Tony’s jaw sent him reeling. The Captain grabbed him by the lapels of his suit and dragged Tony close to his face. “This is bigger than you, than
This didn’t make any sense. Why would The Captain know his father? The Commandos weren’t even around when his father was alive.
Tony’s eyes roamed all over the uniform, letting out a hollow laugh when he saw his rank. “What can I do for you…
Steve gaped at the other man. “You’ve got to be joking,” he deadpanned. “I distinctly remember a previous conversation about your feelings on camping and now all of a sudden you’re on board?”
“It’s just a minor setback. Regardless of anyone dying in that explosion or not, The Captain is still vulnerable and you know that. Yes, I regret not informing you of my plan, but action needed to be taken. That kid has had too much power for too long; I needed to knock him down a few pegs. And now? Now he’s right where we want him. He’ll get desperate. It’s the perfect time to finish them.”
“Then camping,” Steve agreed, chest light and high on affection, a dopey smile plastered on his face.
They could go on for hours, days maybe, of reasons, but Steve knew that right now it was enough, but it would also never be enough. Tony stood trembling in their arms, but Steve wasn’t sure what it was from anymore.
A familiar voice pulled him from the depths. Hands were on his shoulders, shaking him roughly. He groaned in pain, each breath relaying to him nothing but agony. “Wake up, asshole!”
“Why do you see the need to send some of your men with us?” Natasha shot back. “We’re more than capable of handling this ourselves.”
“Don’t be like that, Steve. You and Stark got us out of there without a prison sentence or a coffin. Sounds like a win to me.”
“I’ll remember that next time we get in an argument,” Tony yawned. “What do you want me to talk about?”
Steve sucked in a breath as the victim’s image popped up. She was so young; he hadn’t realized how young. Another innocent life taken. After spending years in the Middle East, Steve should have been used to death. He wasn’t blind to it; he would be an idiot if he didn’t understand the cost of war. But he still found himself struggling. When he was deployed, it was easy for him to envision home as a utopia, a haven away from the blood and the screams. But coming back to America to realize that horror and death still lurked even their streets, it was enough to break the illusion.
“I don’t know when you had time to hit your head, Rogers. You don’t control me. I’m not some piece of ass you can just package up and save for a rainy day.”
Steve nodded slightly, watching as Stark sauntered past him. "Get back to it," he said to the rest of his crew. Not waiting to be told twice, everyone around him startled, pushing around each other to get back to work. Steve called Clint over. "Stay alert. If anything goes wrong, take care of him." Clint gave a terse nod, perching himself over in the corner of the room, giving him a perfect angle of Steve's office.
“Alright, alright!” The man shouted, already caving as he flinched away from the knife. “It was HYDRA! HYDRA contacted me. They’re the ones who set the bombs off.”
Pepper gave him a long glance. “You’re serious about him,” she said matter-of-factly. “I can tell that he really loves you.”
Clint was cut off again, but this time it was because of who he assumed to be a linebacker for the New England Patriots. He hit the ground hard and all the air was knocked out of his lungs, his ears picking up the scathing roar of
The surgeon cleared his throat. “I apologize. You give us any damn advice you please. I’d just feel a lot better if we’d find that bullet.”
Clint bit his lip, wondering if he could get around without telling them. “Tony Stark.” he conceded.
Bucky sped through a red light, nearly getting the pair in two different accidents, but they pulled away just in time, Bucky pressing harder on the gas. Clint saw the police station ahead, tumbling out of the car once Bucky had slowed down enough. “Phil?”
He could feel his heart screaming for release, his movements slowing, like the paralysis kicking back in. He could see his salvation mocking him from across the room. It was over. He knew it, his body sure as hell did. All he could do now was sit back and watch his last failure, thinking of memories of Steve.
Steve squeezed their hands together, kissing Tony's forehead. "Okay. Good," Steve replied, Tony able to feel his smile against his own skin. "Can I ask a favor?"
Clint still didn’t respond, until a broken moan escaped his lips when he felt Tony’s strong pulse under his finger. Without even bothering to stop his tears, Clint dropped his head on top of Tony’s suit and began to cry.
By the time they’d reached Casey, Steve had gotten everything he could think of, hoping that the weird structures that littered the town would be enough to tire Tony out for tonight.
Clint let out an ugly snort, half laugh, half cry, burying his face into Coulson’s neck. “And if I may say, Stark,” the man answered flippantly. “Do shut up.”
Steve laughed, grabbing the marshmallows, any doubt of Tony’s disappointment slipping out of his mind.
Natasha rolled her eyes again, before continuing. “So. You going to tell me how bad it is that all of this information is in the wind?”
Tony paced around his lab. "He must have had help; it probably took him years to disappear completely."
“Great!” Tony interrupted, twisting the current arc reactor out of his chest and dropping it into Pepper’s hands. To her credit, she didn’t drop it, her hands instinctively curling around the glowing glass, movements freezing. She really did work well under pressure.
“One of our men has been kidnapped. It wasn’t HYDRA; it was one of the mobs here in Manhattan. I need you to help find out who took him.”
Steve ran out the door, running into Rumlow and the rest of the strike team. “Here, this way!” Steve shouted to the team, leading them around to the back of the diner. But Rogers was already gone, using the winding streets of New York to cover his escape.
After HYDRA had wiped out the last of the SSR, convincing Steve not to jump into his grave head first had been near impossible. The man was more than ready for it to be over than to even consider any plan involving some semblance of revenge. His support system was gone, and Steve knew it was best to just pull the plug instead of waiting for another miracle.
Stark gave a snort. “Please. If you didn’t think that this was how it was going to end, then you were fooling yourself.”
When he felt the slight give of his hole as he pressed Steve back in, Tony sank down, letting gravity do the rest. He was lying if it didn’t feel like Steve’s member had grown two sizes since it had last been in, the new angle exceedingly ruthless on him. But it was immediately worth it, seeing Steve clench his eyes shut, head thrown back in a silent scream.
A sudden urge for his sketch book startled him. Sure, Tony was a handsome man, with aesthetic features that any artist would love to draw, but this was getting a little ridiculous.
“We’re not saying no,” Tony continued. “We’re just saying not now. Steve and I got everyone into this mess, but you know that we’re going to get you out, right?”
Tony reacted immediately, jumping over his deck and reaching to an extra handgun he taped to the underside. This sure as hell wasn't The Captain's work. If he'd decided he was done with their partnership, Tony knew the man had no qualms sending Barnes to pop him in the street. And if it wasn't The Commandos, it had to be the looming doom of HYDRA, coming back to finish the job. He looked at the door, bracing for action.
Trembling with anger, Tony stomped towards the door, pleased when Rogers didn’t try to reply. “I’d wish you luck,” Tony added, sending one final glance at Rogers, “but there have already been too many lies between us.”
Tony said nothing, but Barnes must have seen the shock on his face. He didn't actually think that Rogers would ever go through with that.
Until the rumors got back to Tony. Pepper had come in all flustered, telling him about what she heard from her secretaries.
“Uh, yeah. The Captain and his mutts have never shown an interest in me or my business. In fact, I’m not even sure he lets his men off their leash; they’ve probably never seen what’s on the other side of Brooklyn’s borders. We don’t exactly roll with the same crowd, so don’t even bother trying to slander his name.”
Tony froze, the proverbial lightbulb appearing above his head. “And if Phil managed to strike a deal with Fury for us- ”
Since this is a work in progress, I will probably be editing the tags, most likely adding warnings and characters as I go along, so be aware!
“Tony, Tony, Tony. You’re not looking at the big picture. We can’t keep relying on military contracts to get by. If you want Stark Industries to stay on top, you need to do more.”
He stopped when he was met with grey hair instead of blonde; cold dead eyes instead of the usual brilliant blue.
The Captain was cut off by a shrill tone of Tony’s phone. He jumped, immediately scrambling to get it, pointedly ignoring the glares he was receiving from everyone. Pulling the phone out, he saw it was Pepper.
Clint automatically reached for Pepper, shielding her under his back. Once the explosion had subsided, Clint peered up at Stark Industries. A second explosion, closer to the ground, had gone off, causing more of the building to crumble.
“I’m serious,” Bucky persisted. “I’m not Steve, but I have a feeling you wouldn’t tell him if anything was wrong. If you need help, you need to let me know. Do I need to get you to a hospital?”
The Captain’s eyes immediately hardened, walking over to Tony, grabbing the man’s arm with a tenderness that Tony didn’t think him capable of. “How are you feeling? Should I get Bruce?”
“Don’t you dare finish that fucking sentence. You need to listen good and hard, Steve. I lose another arm? Fine. I go blind or lose my voice? Who cares? I lose all my memories? Who needs them? I’ll lose them, Steve, and I won’t even blink an eye. Because I don’t need ‘em. Because there is only one thing on this planet that I absolutely cannot lose, and that’s you.”
“The longer we wait, the more the rubble could shift. We need you here to get to them. Please, Steve.”
The doors had barely shut before Steve was on him, pressing him tightly against the far wall, his hands tracking up and down his sides, as if looking for an injury.
Tony had patched himself up numerous times but this was an entire fucking limb. Tony wasn’t a doctor but even he could tell that blood loss would start to be an issue soon, if it wasn't already.
Thirdly, as both a reader and writer, I understand how frustrating it could be waiting for the next chapter to come out. So, as of today, I'm going to start trying to upload on the same day, every Sunday. That way, you guys know when to expect it, instead of constantly hitting the refresh button on the Ao3 feed, wondering when the next installment will come out. School has started up again, however, so if I ever stumble across a chapter that I know will be a big one, I will let you guys know in the notes that the next chapter will be taking two weeks instead of one.
He was gone. Rogers was gone. Rumlow had pulled him away from fighting his future self, and now, he was in pursuit of Tony.
Tony rubbed shaking hands over his eyes. “I have no idea what the fuck you’re on about. I just, I can’t get into this now.”
“How the hell is it possible to shoot two people and not leave any bullets?” Clint asked. “You don’t think,” he started again, horror etching onto his face, “that he dug the bullets back out, right? I’ve seen it before. Some assassins don’t want to leave any clues behind, any part of the bullet that could potentially be tracked to them.”
The ding from the elevator sounded like a death bell tolling, causing Steve to jump. The doors slid open and the pair stepped out to see a plethora of cubicles, all cleared out. On the far wall stood a single door, closed, staring back at Steve ominously.
“Right,” Tony sighed, pulling his hands away to run them over his face. “I guess in the meantime, I can start canvasing for Fury. JARVIS and I should be able to find something.”
Sam nodded, and started to reply when Natasha came bursting in. “We’ve got a problem. There’s been an explosion at Stark Industries.”
“Bedside drawer,” Tony nodded. Steve reached over and opened the drawer, shuffling the contents around until he pulled a fresh tube out.
Tony had tried to convince himself that it was a business move. It was strategic; show up as The Captain’s knight in shining armor, and the man would be begging to give Tony favors.
After Rumlow’s initial failure at Stark’s meeting with the military, Pierce knew he had to step up his game. There was no use ignoring it now; Stark was working with The Captain. This was bad news. Sure, The Captain was a huge threat to them already, but with Stark? The two of them together could tear apart what Pierce had spent months rebuilding.
“Don’t speak unless spoken too, do you understand? Hands above your head, like mine, alright? And don’t do anything stupid.”
Tony balled his fists. He didn't have time for this, nor did he much care for it. The lengthy statements, the half-assed condolences. The '
Even after he was defrosted, it wasn’t until Tony came into his life that Steve finally felt alive. Like it was Tony who had finally saved him from the ice. And Steve knew, of course, how little the man thought of himself. And Steve had told him, had
The resounding thud that filled the now silent room was loud, but nowhere near as satisfying as it should have been. Blood pooled around the grimy floor, the bright red accenting the off white tiles. The occupants inside barely had time to react before Steve was stepping through the threshold, shooting another one of Hammer’s men straight between the eyes. Maybe there were shouts. Maybe there wasn’t. Steve couldn’t hear anything besides the blood rushing in his ears, the red staining his vision.
Tony shouldn't have even found himself in this situation. But thanks to a certain self-righteous prick of a mob boss, Tony can't exactly back out now. It didn't matter if it was HYDRA or not. That third man knew Tony met with The Captain. And because of that, he had already resulted to bombs. How long of a time frame did he have before they came back to finish the job?
Even working halfway around the world didn’t change anything. Which is how they ended up in the back room of some police station in Belarus, discussing with Fury about what had transpired. Or at least, that’s what Steve had assumed they were talking about, as he was more interested in the clock. And replaying the image of a sweaty, grimy Tony in his sinful flight suit, handing kittens off to an officer with strict instructions to deliver them to an animal shelter, as if he’d just found them on the street instead of overhead pressing fallen ceiling like it was nothing to save them.
“Yeah, kind of a tough pill to swallow,” Tony said. “But, it’s me, and having the thing that saved me end up being the thing that kills me is really just par for the course.”
Tony looked unsure, but nodded along anyway. “Go get the car ready,” Steve said, turning to Natasha. “I’ll be down in a second.”
asked by both parties before the warehouse exploded in gunfire. The math was simple; the cover they'd been lucky enough to be by was nice, but it wouldn't last. Not with the numbers that Hammer had. And of course, no one thought to bring their phone in case they dropped it, not wanting to leave any evidence.
Thoughts zoomed through his head like a runaway train as he tried to piece something together. Anything.
Stark batted Steve’s hand away. Or, at least he tried to, the hand moving slowly and missing Steve’s by a mile. “Fine, Cap. Bring me back to my car; I need to go home.”
Bucky had wanted to scream at him. There was nothing on this Earth that would ever scare him enough to leave Steve’s side. It was an admirable trait to a third party, but Bucky knew it was Steve’s least favorite thing about him. But it turns out that that was Bucky’s least favorite thing about Steve. How he is always ready and willing to lay down on the wire, but vehemently refuses the offer to have anyone lay down with him. It’s almost as if he saw himself as nothing else besides cannon fodder.
Rhodey rushed over and grabbed at Tony. "What the hell are you doing in here? Everyone's been going crazy, man; We all thought you got kidnapped again!"
“Tony will be fine,” Bruce assured. “There were a few close calls, but he pulled through. I shouldn’t have been worried. That man will outlive death himself on pure stubbornness alone. Steve on the other hand, is a completely different story.”
“Fine, then I’ll ignore it.” The pair waited until the call would eventually lead to a voicemail and the ringing would cease. But it didn’t.
Clint nodded, surveying the room one last time. In Loki’s rush, he must have torn some of the pictures away from Steve’s wall. He walked over, picking them up to tac on the wall, smiling down at one that featured a dancing Natasha. Once the photos were back in their original position, he started to walk away, but something caught his eye.
A sharp gasp was pushed from his chest as he hit the ground hard, Steve hearing an echoing groan from Sam. Not even giving himself time to catch his breath, Steve was up again, checking on all of the rescued civilians. Thankfully, Steve had managed to take the brunt of the force, so apart from a few extra bruises, everyone seemed alright.
A fist shot out, clocking Loki dead center. The man went spilling to the ground, gasping at the force of it. Steve turned to look at Tony, the man now rubbing at his knuckles. “Fucker,” he spat, eyes blazing.
Clint hummed as he took another small bite from his hamburger – his third. Clint couldn’t remember the last time he ate that much. All he knew was that every single time his hand was empty of food, Tony was shoving something else in his face. Part of him wanted to snap out in a rage; the last thing he needed was another person trying to coddle him. Tony could probably give Steve a run for his money with the amount of nervous mothering he was doing. But the rest of him was, well, content. Happy almost, that Tony was there with him. Mainly because he refused to leave and Tony was more of a man-child than he was, but it was the thought that counted. He didn’t have a lot of moments like that growing up – it took him a long time to learn that it was okay to want that form of care. That he deserved it.
Bucky groaned, before sitting down next to Steve. “Well, how the hell are we gonna get out of this?”
“Well, don’t worry about that, ma’am,” Steve answered, grinning mischievously. “We can’t stay, so Seb here is free for bridge tonight. It’s very nice of you to invite him over; he really does need to get out more.”
“You were always more than enough for me,” Bucky answered sincerely. Steve huffed, shoulders collapsing, and he shot Bucky a shy smile.
Tony scowled back at Clint. “Oh, of course. God forbid you would want to find you. It’s not like you have a family or anything.”
Phil thought. Clint wasn’t answering the phone. That did not mean good things. “He’s got his own life to lead," he tried to play it off. "He’s probably busy.”
“It’s ok,” Steve soothed. “We’ll find him.” Steve didn’t know if he was saying that for Tony’s benefit, or for his own.
“Sorry, Tones,” replied Bucky, patting the smaller man’s ass lightly. “I can’t risk being on Pepper’s shit list.”
“No,” Tony cut him off. “Not tonight. I’m too,” he gestured to his head before shaking it again. “I’m too keyed up right now.”
The man stared into the office, met with a pair of hard glances, one with anger, the other with confusion.
Tony stepped off the elevator and through the front door, breathing in the fresh air. God, he needed Rhodey; someone to sit and think with him, someone to keep him grounded. But Rhodey was redeployed, and although Tony had got in contact with him yesterday about digging up dirt on Rumlow, Tony’s heart ached for his old friend. Pepper of course was still dealing with Happy and the car bomb, not to mention trying to keep Obie off his back as much as possible. Besides, he could only get so far when talking to an AI he created.
Each brush of the washcloth seemed to bring up another scar, another bruise that Tony had to suffer through alone. Steve had sat beside Bruce and helped him clean each one, taking a chunk of Steve’s tainted soul with each one. He felt himself turning the other way when Bruce had to tear out the stitches to replace the crude string that was currently keeping Tony whole. Steve barely managed to hold it together when Bruce had to re-break two of Tony’s fingers that were healing incorrectly. Steve didn’t think he’d be able to describe the feeling of seeing Tony like this; the once well-oiled machine barely able to keep running.
Steve had barely shut the car door before he was tearing back towards Brooklyn. If HYDRA was there today to make a move against Stark, who knew how many other eyes were still watching in the shadows. No one of HYDRA had ever seen his face and survived, but he wasn't taking any chances. If HYDRA was already willing to take on Stark, it probably wouldn't be long before he made a move on his own crew.
“I don’t know what to say,” Steve admitted. “I keep telling myself that we made the right choice. That this was the best choice for everyone,” he said. “That this is a hell of a lot better than prison.”
Because it was within mere minutes of getting home, when Steve wanted nothing more than to smother Tony up against the nearest wall,  the brunette had received a call that someone was attacking his shipyard.
“This isn’t working,” Clint said, walking over to the larger blonde. “He’s just throwing you through loops, now. Come on; we’ll find another way.”
“Please,” Barton replied. “If you didn’t know about me then you’re not as important to HYDRA as you thought you were. I’m not about to spill everything to you. Just like I’m not going to let you ruin my op. It’s taken me years to get where I am today; I’m not gonna let some nosy foreigner destroy my success.”
“You’re mistaken.” Steve flashed the man a plastic grin. “I haven’t dropped my price. We’re here for immunity, and I won’t leave with anything less.”
Bucky paused, then started to giggle. “No, no way,” he said in between laughs. “No way they don’t have the right size.”
With each stride towards his company, more destruction seemed to reveal itself. Cars were burning around them, smoke billowing and fires burning. He could hear people screaming, but it was muffled by the familiar whine of repulsor blasts.
Bucky listened closer. It was hard, his ears struggling to work, his brain sluggish as it tried to comprehend the noises. They were familiar tones; he’d heard them too many times before.
Rhodes seemed to tower over them, dark eyes piercing as they scanned over him. If his jaw was clenched any harder, Steve would think that his teeth would crack. He just screamed
Hammer should have been used to it by now; Stark had always been one step ahead. Better ideas, better weapons, better hair. Tony Stark had everything. And Justin Hammer would be the one to take it away from him.
“That’s alright,” Bucky said, cutting Steve off from another comment. “We’re not here to see Mr. Stark anyway. We’re here for Ms. Potts.”
Steve jumped as yet again, his car’s radio shouted another alert. “All units, we have a bus robbery in the vicinity. I repeat, all units- ”
Tony’s side was on fire. That man was no Steve, not the Steve he knew. He was going to kill Tony, hell he had probably already hurt Steve. Tony’s blood boiled at the fact that Steve might be hurt because of him. Tony wouldn’t let Rogers hurt Steve anymore. He wouldn’t let Rogers kill him. He felt his power running through his veins, the metal calling to him.
Bucky had drifted off again, body exhausted from the tears and the screaming. Steve just sat there and took it all; he deserved it.
Tony looked around, overturning rubble. The initial reports that he had listened on his fly over there told Tony that there were only a few minor injuries reported so far. But they still hadn’t found Pepper.
Tony scoffed, but didn’t respond, choosing to idly walk around Clint’s modest cabin. “Nice digs, Barton,” he said. “You got a first aid kit in this joint?”
“Tony! Tony, are you- ” Steve broke off, coming to a screeching halt at the scene in front of him. He felt Bucky charge in right after him, face planting right into his back.
“Yeah, you’re fine,” Bucky murmured lowly, barely any gray left in his eyes. “You were more than fine, doll,
A delicate hand grasped his arm gently. “It’s alright, Steve. You weren’t in the right mindset. Besides, you had other things to worry about.”
The smaller man patted Steve’s shoulder before continuing on his way to find blankets. “Someone’s gotta keep you guys in line.”
“You know neither of those two downstairs are going to let us get close to any of the guys down there, if that’s what you came in here to ask me.”
Clint was the most down to earth person Tony had ever met. He never once looked at Tony as everyone else did; he never made any assumptions. Clint was one of the first people to get to know the real Tony. He never said anything when Tony drank too much, or said harsh things. He never mentioned when he knew Tony had nightmares; he just sat with him until morning.
“Any hits from the name?” Steve asked, trying to draw the conversation away from the sketch, finally managing to pull it from Tony's grasp.
And Steve was forced to realize she was wrong. There was no eraser, there were no do overs. There was no clear picture or happy ending.
Tony’s breath stuttered in his chest, as if reality all came crashing back on him at once. The looming dread that the morning brought, the uncertainty of all their fates.
“This road trip is as much for us, as it is for you,” Tony interrupted. “We just want to make sure all our ducks are accounted for, that’s all.”
Bucky pulled him from his thoughts. He looked over at his friend questioningly. “We’re here,” Bucky stated, nodding out the window. Steve peered out and saw the innocuous warehouse looking back at him, across from the alley where they’d parked.
Steve stared back at him with wide eyes, a trembling hand reaching up to trace Tony’s smile. “Tony,” Steve felt him whisper again. His hand trailed to the back of the suit, grasping behind the neck. Tony was about to start talking again, but Steve crashed their lips together, moaning when he felt Tony’s plush lips back on his. Where they belonged.
“No! No, you don’t get to say that.” This wasn’t real. It couldn’t be real. No, Tony had just finally broken his unspoken rule of leaving the alcohol locked in the cabinet.
“Yes,” Rhodey answered, smiling at the fact that he knew Tony didn’t think he’d said it out loud. To be fair, Tony wasn't exactly planning on waking up again. In fact, when he first did, he had assumed that maybe that bullshit about heaven had been right, as he found himself surrounded by his friends. Of course, that dream had been shattered very quickly by Rhodey, who politely informed him that while heaven did exist, there was no way that Tony would have ever made it up there. At least Rhodey also added that he would be burning in hell alongside him; that's a friend right there.
Tony broke his eyes away from Steve, glancing back at his lab. His work bench was littered with papers, his tight scrawl covering them in indecipherable ramblings, the pages half covering a photo of Steve holding Peter for the first time. The Iron Man suit, staring blankly back at him, hung open, waiting for the new missiles Tony wanted to install. Lying innocently on the floor, Tony could see the wrench he had thrown at DUM-E earlier for another failed smoothie attempt. Coffee mugs were strewn about, but a sharp pain hit his chest when he realized that the liquid inside was amber instead of black.
Fighting for Steve shouldn’t have been any different. There were many times that he never saw his enemy, much like it was in Afghanistan. And there were many times that his enemies walked in broad daylight, much like the political scum in Washington D.C. Maybe it was because Sam got on so well with the others, maybe it was because he was damn good at what he did. But it wasn’t. Fighting for Steve, fighting for The Commandos was different because of one thing. He got results.
Tony glared down at the innocent looking hat until he saw what was blazoned on the front. There staring back up at him was badge for the NYPD. Tony's lips started to form a question but stopped when he saw a tag sticking out of the hat. Tony's blood turned to ice as he read the name on the tag.
Tony would never forget the day he'd figured it all out, the day he'd traced everything back. His parents were dead,
He grabbed at Loki again, pulling the man back from where they came. Looking back down the previous hallway, Loki could see The Captain leaning over Barnes’ body, but luckily, not looking up to see them. “We’re heading back down the stairs,” Barton said. “There are tunnels that they used in The Prohibition. The ones to sneak the booze in. We’ll escape through there.”
Rogers got out of the truck slowly, looking at Steve. He reached behind him, not pulling out a gun, but a gold bar. Rogers threw it to the ground at Steve’s feet.
“Don’t be rude,” Steve frowned at the smaller man before turning back to Sam. “It’s very nice here, Sam. Looks like you got it all figured out.”
“It was,” Tony answered, walking towards where he’d set up a reclined medical chair. “It’s soon to be replaced,” he added, hopping up. “With this baby, right here.”
Steve chuckled, suddenly feeling nervous. The last thing Steve wanted was for Tony to up and run again. Adding the pressure of forcing a full time mob position might not get the results he wanted. Steve already made a mistake with Thor; he wouldn’t dare try the power play again. “Unless, of course, you-you, uh, don’t want to. It’s up to you, I mean. If you wanna join. Because, let’s face it, you’re you, and we’re, uh, us, and- ”
A sharp knock on the door alerted both of the men, Maria Hill quietly stepping through the threshold.
Another sob croaked out of Tony. Was it really Steve? He sure as hell looked like Steve, he smelled like Steve. The gentle hold that surrounded Tony felt like Steve. He peered up through wet eyelashes, gazing up at the other man.
He heard Tony sigh. “Pietro, I’d like to think I didn’t raise an animal. Steve, help the carnivore cut his meat, will you?”
Pepper nodded slowly, disguising the information. "Well," she said, smiling sadly, "that would be more than enough for Tony to get his hands dirty. He's destructibly possessive with those he cares about. But working with others?" she questioned, looking between the two of them.
By the time Steve’s gaze fell to his feet, a whole network of spider web cracks had emanated from the bullet hold, the ice lurching and groaning under the stress of Steve’s weight. Steve tried to move back, but the fast shift caused the ice to split right down the middle, the blonde forcing himself to freeze before he caused any more disruptions.
But could he work with The Commandos? Tony could probably have an easier time talking to a brick wall than The Captain. Their relationship was already wobbling on the shaky foundation built of a mutual distrust and wariness. The argument at the base was mostly likely the first of many. How much longer before one snide comment becomes a tipping point, and Tony is gunned down by one of The Captain's trigger-happy hounds.
But it didn't matter how often Tony tried; in Howard's eyes, he was never fit enough. And here he was, years later, staring up at a man, wearing the same face he'd seen his father wear too many times.
Tony had every right to blame him for what happened to his family. Phillips knew there was a mole, there had to have been. Information that only the SSR were privy to was broadcasted all over New York, and no one could figure out how it was being done. And then, one by one, the SSR had fallen. Steve had tried so hard, did everything he could to save them. And he couldn’t.
“You’re doing it, honey,” Steve concluded, not even looking up from the newspaper in his hands. Steve tensed, feeling the exact moment that Tony’s glare zeroed in on him.
Tony quickly slipped out of Obie’s grip. “It’s nothing, I promise. And about this meeting. I just thought I’d let you handle it. You’re better with dealing with those bureaucratic asshats anyway.”
“Well I figured, you’d want something a little more subdued. And a little less me,” chuckled Tony. “I even got you a radio! I didn’t even now they made those anymore.”
“Not until I can give you a solid number on how many there are. Taking one of their men to find The Monger won’t be worth it when the rest of the pack starts butchering New York with a craving for your blood.”
“Was on the roof across the street,” Tony finished meekly. “You wouldn’t have had a good angle of him unless you were at the podium with me.”
Which left The Monger. If The Captain was willing to resort to unlikely allies, than he would do the same. It was a game, after all, and he was here for the long haul. Every move The Captain would make would be met with one twice as powerful. Stark was a threat, sure, there were enough whispers about The Monger that even had he, the head of HYDRA, turning his head. Their current arrangement was rocky, of course, but they had a common enemy.
“You really think that after all of this, Pierce is going to let any of you walk? What’s to say he hasn’t written up a whole litany of lies about your entire gang. Howard Stark was a known constituent of the SSR, so pining the unpinable Tony Stark just got a whole lot easier,” Fury explained, giving Tony another long stare. “As for the rest of your crew, there would be more than enough scraps for him to work with to put them all away for life.”
He could relate. Sam could talk a big game, but he knew he could still find himself in the same boat as Steve. New York made him happy, his team –
Once loaded, the fleet on vans peeled onto the street, Steve on the phone with Tony’s friend Rhodes to have him meet them there. The twins hadn’t said much, but he tried not to dwell on it. Apparently some of their homeless friends had seen Stark through one of the windows when they were trying to find somewhere to bunk for the night. He knew the twins wold pull through, despite their misgivings about Stark. This was the break that they were waiting for, the one that they needed.
They were all standing in a near empty parking lot, the morning bleak and foggy. They were standing on either side of a parking spot, the yellow line acting as the unofficial line in the sand. Bucky, Sam and Natasha stood behind him, each a comforting presence, but Steve could feel the lingering tension between them all.
Pepper huffed, patting his cheek lightly. “You’re a terrible liar.” Tony shot her his best wounded stare until her shoulders finally sagged. “Fine," she sighed. "I’ll go. You," she added, pointing at tony as she stood up. "Don’t antagonize anyone until I get back; I wanna watch it happen.”
Bucky looked over and saw Tony frown into the phone. “Is he sure? It’s not that I don’t trust them, it’s just that I know how important these are to Steve.”
Not all of them, of course, but the damage had already been done, to all of them. Steve was nothing more than what was left of their home: a strong sanctuary reduced to nothing but ash. Clint barely saw the man, but when he did it was as if seeing a ghost. The Commandos that stayed by Steve’s side were forced to stay there; the man never let anyone out from wherever they were staying.
But he ignored himself, opting to open the door that was thankfully unlocked. Walking in, he saw the room was pitch dark except for the sliver of light he brought in with him. Although he couldn’t see anyone inside, Tony knew that he was being watched anyway.
The water dripping from the ceiling pipe echoed loudly through the silent room. Tony narrowed his eyes at it, as is daring the water to leak out again.
"Who else could it be? Anyone who made a move against Stark would basically be on a suicide mission," Clint retorted.
“With this,” Tony replied, chuckling a phone at him. “Fully functioning Commando hotline. Now, you and the gang can start talking shit behind our backs again.”
He could see Natasha tilt her head slightly, no doubt running through options of what to say next, but Bucky popped his head it and stalled the game. “You guys comin’? We’re ready to go.”
“Tony!” Steve shouted again, rushing over to the smaller man to check for injuries. “Are you alright?”
“You aren’t the one ones with plants in the NYPD,” Fury replied. “Not that I needed them. The whole precinct is abuzz. Pierce has claimed to have stumbled onto
He walked down the hallway, glad that he didn’t hear Steve behind him. It didn’t matter how Steve tried to support him. The team might think they agree with him, but there is no way that Clint wasn’t affecting them. There was no way that they hadn’t thought how it might have gone different if they were there instead of him.
“Steve’s right,” interjected Natasha. “Stark has made his living through information. He won’t turn Steve in. Having that knowledge on his side is perfect for leverage.”
Steve turned to find Sam and Natasha sitting next to a parked ambulance. A doctor was still putting some bandages over Natasha’s ribs.
“Tony isn’t the monster you want him to be. Not with me here. I won’t let that happen. Do you know what that means? That means no Iron Man, no chaotic future, no Peggy, and most importantly,
“Okay,” Tony answered shakily, head tilting back towards Steve. The blonde hummed when Tony led him into the kiss. This time, Tony let himself fall once he felt himself teetering to the edge, letting himself be at the favor of Steve’s hands. His right, that was curled around his length was merciless, fingers switching from playful teasing to harsh tugs, all to stop, a single fingernail dragging along the underside, tracing Tony’s vein.
Tony frowned. “I got it already. It’s right- ” he paused when Steve turned to give him a long look. “Right,” Tony added slowly, pointing towards the door. “I’ll just, uh, go find it. Might take a while.” And with that he dipped out the door, shooting a final smile over his shoulder at Natasha.
Sam didn't really get too much time in the spotlight in GUE, so I decided to give him some extra lovin' here.
With the speed of the quinjet, Steve found himself at base in ten minutes. Agents were frantically running around, darting quickly around the still smoky building.
“Please, Tony. Just don’t.” Steve knew exactly what the man was going to do. He would try and apologize. That after everything, Tony would still try and put all the blame on himself. Steve couldn’t bear it. Not now. “Just let me hold you, alright?”
“Told them what? Another file drop? Steve, that shit isn’t a top priority anymore. We’ll work it out, just like we always do.”
Steve was just about to breathe in a sigh of relief when alarms started blaring on the machines. Steve was up in an instant, pressed up against the glass. “What’s happening?!” he shouted, eyes wide as he watched the medical team scramble into action.
And hadn’t they been an unlikely duo, Bucky and Clint. Their first meeting had been less than stellar, what with Clint trying to rob Bucky. And then, even after Steve had introduced him to the rest of the team, Bucky was wary of him, always on constant alert whenever Clint had stood too close to Nat or Steve. Of course, they just laugh about it now. Bucky had been worried about him. Clint had the better aim, the better shot, the better jokes. Bucky spent weeks thinking that Clint would replace him, while Clint was worried Bucky was going to kill him in his sleep. After a therapeutic session (which was not so much of a session as much as Nat locking the two of them in the gym until they got their heads out of their asses) of talking, or in their case, beating the shit out of each other, the two left on different terms, being the closest of friends since.
And while at the time of the conversation, Tony had thought that Barnes’s menacing nature was all it took to turn a man into a blubbering idiot, he could see that it was for an entirely different reason when it related to the gang.
But Tony whirled around, cutting him off. “I won’t let them do this to you. It’s my turn to protect you. Now,
Bucky tugged on his shirt again, dragging him from his head to focus on the walk through their home. Their base, just some old abandoned warehouse from World War II, wasn’t much, but it was home. It was way too old, the walls and foundation creaking every once in a while, and way to cramped for the size of Steve’s crew.
There was no way they should have made it as far as they did, no way they should be breathing the same air as Tony. But despite all of that, Asgard managed to skyrocket in profit over the last few years, what with Thor’s easy charm and his brother’s silver tongue. It’s just a scam. They take average equipment and magic it into top of the line products. It’s like that shit with Ikea. Call a hunk of wood some fancy Swedish name, throw in an allen wrench and boom: you think you’re dealing with the Picasso of furniture.
Barton made a move to start again, but stuttered to a halt when Thor came looming down their path. “Shit,” Barton whispered. “Follow me.”
When the door finally opened, Tony was not met with mobsters, but with what looked like a very pissed off policeman with-
he had called him - before sitting down and telling him about everything. Filling in his gaps of knowledge on the what his had did behind closed doors, on the SSR, on Steve Rogers. On how they really died.
Tony thought of the glass case that was now sitting down in his lab. The one that was currently housing his old arc reactor. When he’d stumbled onto the package while he was waiting for Steve to return home,
A few old offices filled up the rest of the space of the main floor, minus the locker room sized bathroom, which The Commandos had changed into a few bedrooms. They weren’t anyone’s in particular; most of the crew had homes of their own, so the few beds at base were just claimed by whoever ended up there a little too late to be walking home. The bedrooms were cramped and sparse, looking like they belonged more in the Great Depression than in the current century. There were no bed frames, just a few hard mattresses strewn across the ground, covered in nonmatching quilts and old pillows. Alongside the beds was a simple lamp of two, maybe a book or a pair of socks left behind from a previous inhabitant. There was either a dresser of wardrobe, filled with extra clothing of the team. It didn’t matter who it originally belonged too; they all ended up sharing clothes at one point. Natasha once bought a few cheesy pictures in hopes to brighten up the rooms, but they just ended up being used as dartboards.
“Well, when I say we have to go through every one individually, I wasn’t joking. So that means everyone that works here and everyone at our other offices across the country. Oh, and we have to go back track through data from almost four months ago.  So yeah, it’ll take a while.”
if he wasn’t a third wheel already. As if feeling them being watched, Coulson pulled away, quieting shushing Barton’s whine of displeasure before turning back to Tony, raising a single and very unimpressed eyebrow.
“Will you just-,” Barnes broke off with a sigh, the man obviously trying to calm himself down. “We… no.
“No, you won’t,” Natasha confirmed. “Because you are already better. Because every time you fall, you get back up again.” She smiled softly. “Because every time you try, you don’t try to dance better than others. Every time you try to dance better than yourself.”
More often, his endless nights were littered with Steve then with him, making Tony absolutely terrified. Steve, as strong as he made Tony feel, was his weakness. If anything were to ever happen to him, Tony would never forgive himself.
Sorry for the shorter chapter, but what can I say? Writing is hard, especially with someone with the same amount of writing prowess as a goldfish.
he thought to himself as he started the walk of shame back to his apartment. The need for a second job seemed to increase with each passing day, especially with the increase in rent and Bucky’s therapy bills.
“Oh, don’t be so dramatic,” she replied, rolling her eyes like nothing was wrong. Like she hadn’t been gone for an entire month.
“A report was made; it’s just waiting to be approved. Won't be long now before the media hears about it.” Ward opened the file, showing Pierce an almost bare slip of paper, scantly describing Stark’s disappearance. He was almost about to send Ward away when something caught his eye.
Tony clenched his eyes shut, not wanting to see Clint’s reaction. “But it was my fault. He died because I didn’t wasn’t cooperating.”
"Your cheek." Tony pointed at his face, looking at the sluggish trail of blood that was slipping down.
Tony pulled away, shuddering at the cold space that now surrounded him. He shrugged, disassociating. “I should’ve known. I should have seen this, but I was so blind. Not anymore,” he vowed. “I’m going to kill him myself.”
Steve shot one last glance at Tony. There was time for that later; right now, it was time to work. “Where is he?”
“My job is to keep Steve happy. Believe it or not, you seem to do the trick," Bucky shrugged, turning the sink off, wiping his now clean hands on the back of his pants. "Ergo, to keep Steve happy is to keep you safe.”
Steve ignored him, his eyes only on Natasha. “These,” she said, gesturing down to the two men, “are the guys that planted the bombs.”
Clint nodded, already breaking away towards the elevator. The descent into the labs was a short one, but Clint knew that there wouldn’t be any amount of time to prep for what he was walking into.
Bucky reached a hand out, placing it on Steve’s shoulder. “Then we’ll make it together. There are always other options, Steve.”
Tony sighed. “Look, Barnes. That man always has a plan. If he’s meeting with Loki, who am I to stop him? For as sleazy as the guy is, he has a high success rate for private jobs, and if Rogers wants to take that risk, then- ”
Bucky smacked him on the side of the head. “You’re not alone, Steve. Don’t ever feel like you have to be. I’m with you till the end of the line.”
After all these years, and it was like nothing had changed. If Sam closed his eyes long enough, he probably wouldn’t be sure what year it was. Even with his eyes open, there was still a good chance that he’d be confused. The South was like that, though.
Steve fell harshly, hard metal digging into his back. Before he could gauge his surroundings, the beeping of the bomb sped up before finally exploding, sending Steve flying further back. Head pounding, Steve stumbled back up when he heard a horn in the distance.
For years, the East River has served as a mode for transportation, regardless of the season. In the summer, boats flooded through, offering multiple options for transport. The cold winters on New York could always create ice bridges for people to cross. For a while, it even served as a highway for smuggling in booze during the prohibition era. Now, it only made sense that HYDRA would be using the same route, most likely using it to smuggle in weapons. No way anyone would run into cops out on a body of water.
Tony huffed, twisting both men around to look at the building behind them. “Yes, and no. This is the surprise!”
“I’m sorry,” Bucky replied, voice heavy. “The van came out of nowhere and just… I couldn’t stop it. And then Clint, he wouldn’t leave, but there were cops everywhere. I had to get him out of there before he did something stupid!”
Barton made to answer but a sharp bang sounded behind them. Barton stopped, grabbing Loki with him. “They’re catching up,” he whispered, turning back towards Loki. “Listen, we’re almost there. Go straight and turn right at the junction and you’ll get to a door similar to the one we left through. Go in, and it will lead you out towards the sewer. I’ll catch up.”
“Well thanks, a lot asshole. There goes my life’s work. What the hell where you doing messing with the Avengers?! This was my op!”
Tony shrugged. “Well not now, we’re kind of in crisis mode. But after? Yeah, I could swing it. I’m pretty sure you’re the only reason I’d even consider it.”
She had been here, not too long ago. That could only mean that the rest of the Avengers were looking for him. Gunning for him, most likely.
The door opened again, startling the other two men. Through the door walked Obadiah Stane. He shut his cell phone and grinned sharply. “I’d like to think so. Gentlemen? Let’s talk.”
Tony looked away, head dipping back down to his lap. Steve could see the other man bit down on his lip, so hard that the skin turned ashen white.
Tony must have told him, if their previous conversation was any indication. Steve wasn’t upset that he did, Bucky needed to hear the news almost as must as Clint, but there was still a painful tug in his chest that he wasn’t the one to do it. Seeing as this was the first time that Bucky was confronting Steve – if he could even call it that – about Phil, even when the pair were alone together after Tony left for the gala, it didn’t bode well. Bucky had quite the reputation of going and licking his wounds in private. And if Tony was the one to spill the beans to him, even with their newfound olive branch, Bucky wouldn’t have allowed himself to be that vulnerable in front of the other man. Bucky would rarely do it in front of Steve.
“I don’t want to hear about it!” Pierce snapped, his hands raving through the air. “Don’t tell me about their coverage, Steve. Tell me how you’ll be keeping our company in the black! Tell me how that’s possible with you writing checks to every Harry Hardluck and Sally Sobstory that gives you a phone call!”
“Whatever you say, Sparky,” Clint smiled innocently. Clint relished in the other man’s jaw tic, his hands balling into fists. “What are you doing here?” Clint asked. “My memory isn’t that great, but I could have sworn that you were just here last week.”
Too shocked to put up a fight, he let Coulson open the door and shove him out into the hallway, before shutting it again.
His Steve. With his open, concerned face. With his soft smile and kind eyes. Tony watched him as he continued. “
Sweat was pouring down his face; there were dark rings under his glazed eyes. Tony was surprised he could even stand up-
Returning stateside, Sam yearned to head back south. Go back to his family, back to the familiar scenery, and join everyone else.
Steve snorted and stepped out of the lift, feeling around the cool wall for another light switch. When he would the familiar shape, he jammed the switch upwards, heart pounding in his chest, hoping to be met with rows and rows of files and computers.
Steve crouched down next to Tony. Tony had shut his eyes, waiting for Steve to deliver the final blow. What he wasn’t expecting was a chaste kiss on his lips.
Clint glared as the man sauntered out of the room. When he heard Steve sigh, Clint looked back to his boss. “Well, that went awesome.” Clint saw a small smile break onto Steve’s face, so Clint considered it a win.
It wasn’t that he liked lying to Tony, and going outside the law never sat well with him. But he had this internal debate every single time to steps into the car every Wednesday. He didn’t need the recognition, he didn’t need the costume. He didn’t need anyone to tell him he was a superhero. All Steve knew was that he wasn’t going to sit back and let anyone tell him he couldn’t help people anymore.
He should find Steve, he should find Nat, find anybody. But Clint couldn’t pull himself away. He sat, staring at the flames, wishing that it was him that was in there instead of his friend.
He had just placed his phone back down when it started to ring again. The same number. Steve looked at the number,
“I don’t think I’m supposed too, and that’s more reason for me to go,” Tony smiled. “Even Pepper didn’t bring it up to me. It’s a miracle I caught the reminder on television.” When the blonde pouted, Tony continued. “Listen, I don’t want to go, but I should. The reason no one told me about the gala is because they want me on the sidelines and out of the spotlight. But the entire board and my investors will be there. After the stint I pulled on them with my last press conference, I owe it to them to be there. Well, be there and not make a mess of things,” he laughed. “I do still have a day job, Steve.”
He felt Tony slump in his hold, an invisible weight gone from his shoulders. Steve felt the weight lift as well, as the ‘
“JARVIS, it’s me, let me in,” Steve said to the door, placing his thumb over the scanner. Upon getting no response, Steve leaned closer. “Codename Captain America,” he continued slowly. “Come on, JARVIS.”
Tony nodded, returning with a small smile. But he wasn’t, and he knew Steve was just as bad as him. Laura had been near hysterical when she found out Clint should have been home a month ago. What worried Tony, however, was not that Clint had been gone for a month; it was that he was gone for a month before anyone noticed.
“Hey,” Tony whispered, pulling his face back so their eyes locked. “I know that face. Don’t go there.”
Lo and behold, it was mere seconds before Bucky Barnes came charging around the corner they’d just come from, other steps sounding not far behind him. Seeing his window, Clint jumped from cover, aiming straight at the brunette.
“Meaning that we’ve been foolish to think HYDRA would be our only problem. There are mobs everywhere in the city. Each of the hits, they weren’t from the same mob. They’ve all been from different ones,” Bucky responded.
“Oh, Hammer,” sighed Stane, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Pierce and HYDRA are only out for The Captain. Once they got their hands on him, you didn’t think they would keep us around, did you? We would be loose ends, Hammer. HYDRA doesn’t do loose ends.”
"It's almost funny. How you can go and preach on how it wasn't my fault when you were getting the same speech not even a month ago."
A small thud and suddenly Barton was in front of him, his face as pale and drawn as Tony’s, looking like nothing more than a ghost in the light of the hallway. “Why are you here?” he asked.
It shone brightly under their gaze, the silver limb sparkling under the lab lights. “Well,” Tony started. “This is the part where you say something.”
“Exactly. Because the power was out. Why is it that the power would be out in one of the most technologically advanced building on the eastern seaboard?”
Bucky adjusted his pants as he walked, waddling to the door. “I knew that would bite me in the ass one day,” he responded.  “Come on,
“What the hell is your problem?” snapped Sam, bending down quickly to pick Steve up, wiping the glass away from him as gently as possible.
Clint balled his hands into fists. “Why do you care?” he hissed venomously. “You obviously didn’t before.”
Steve nodded, knowing there was no way he’d be able to stop Bucky anyhow. “Keep to the shadows and stay away from the cops.”
“No,” Bucky snapped. “You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to sit back and yell at me for doing stupid shit when you’re doing the exact same thing! People keep looking at me for answers, Steve, but I don’t know what to tell them! I don’t know how to handle you because you were never like this last time. You want to know why? Because everyone was already dead. Now that we’re all still here and kicking, you’re worried that you can still fuck it up.”
Tony cheered. Steve could hear splashes in the background, no doubt Peter in the middle of getting a bath.
See, Tony not knowing Steve’s name opened a world that Steve never thought possible. He was, even despite the current situation, almost happy.
Steve couldn’t help but smile fondly, thinking about all the times that he walked into the lab to find Tony sprawled out over the current table he was working at. He always managed to drift off the strangest of positions, splayed limbs, papers pressed to his cheek as he drooled onto his latest project. It always warmed Steve’s heart, his favorite part being able to pick Tony up and cradle him in his arms as he brought them back home, watching as Tony always nuzzled deep into his chest.
Fury sighed deeply, glaring back at Tony. It was a gaze that made Tony uneasy. One that knew too much.
“No. You do what you do to keep people safe. He had people killed, Phil. You saw what happened to that CI! I wasn’t about to risk that happening to you.”
Tony would be a dead man. The Captain’s Commandos came first; there would be no way the man could be swayed if his family was in danger.
But, Steve had casually mentioned it to Coulson at their session and the man was over the moon about the concept. In fact, it was that reaction of the usually unflappable man that got Steve thinking about, and eventually agreeing to record.
"No," sighed Steve. "But then again I wasn't looking. And even if I was, I wouldn't even know where to look; I was the one that wasn't supposed to be there."
“The dead leave bodies, Clint," Natasha negated, pulling him from his thoughts. "Why bother hiding the body from us? If anything, they’d want us to find him.”
It was difficult, laying on his back, being caged in by Steve. It wasn’t long before he realized that his eagerness was causing him to make zero progress. He heard the blonde laugh softly before taking pity on him, helping Tony shred away the cloth. Tony tried to shoot him a dirty look, but stopped when he saw the fond smile that the man was giving him.
It was hard to even tell if he was still burning or not. The air on his face felt cool, but he could feel the fire still dancing in his veins, sizzling under his skin and shooting down his arm.
Romanoff pulled away, waiting for the man to respond. Tony shifted uneasily against the wall. Maybe it would be better if he waited outside. It seemed that Romanoff’s interrogation style was not that much different than The Captain’s. However, Tony thought that she could probably get much more creative. Tony never really had the stomach for all that. Sure he could handle a lot, but even he had his limits. Another hit and muffled grunt got Tony’s attention.
Tony looked away, not able to meet the piercing gaze. Tony had thought he and The Captain had come a long way. Sure, what Barnes was saying may have been the original plan, but that wasn’t his end game now, right? Tony bit his lip. Who was he kidding. The fact that he wasn’t convincing Barnes was enough to show Tony that he was no better than the original piece of shit he started out as. And with The Captain making empty promises of trust, maybe they were both just trying to fool themselves. Like they both didn't know what was going to happen in the end, once HYDRA was out of the picture. “It seems like you speak from experience,” Tony managed to grit out.
An elongated answer slipped out of Tony’s mouth. “Noooo, I’m not,” he drawled, not doubt doing exactly what Pietro had said, making obnoxious faces at Peter to get the boy to eat.
Pepper kneeled down next to him, pulling under his chin to force him to look back up at her. “Is this why no one could find you? Because you thought you killed Tony?” Clint looked away with watery eyes. “Oh god, Clint.” She tugged him close. “Listen to me. Tony is not dead. It is not your fault. He’s in that building right now, I promise you.”
Steve spun around quickly, ignoring the way the world tilted slightly, the man tripping over himself to find where the bullet had gone.
“There are still employees in the building,” the agent explained. “We go in there and he’ll start taking out innocents.”
“Witnesses,” Natasha corrected. “All evidence points to the shooter fleeing from the scene after the hitting up the lab. We’re hoping that someone saw him.”
Tony chose to protect the group, agreeing with Phil to keep them in the dark, and away from the FBI. Sacrificing Phil’s freedom to do so.
Barnes wasn’t one to judge. He didn’t demean, or scoff at the hidden truths. He was just a solid presence, a silent ear for their woes, an unbiased party as they worked through their issues out loud. Tony thought that maybe after all the things that Barnes had done in his life, he didn’t exactly have room to judge. Or more likely, Steve wasn’t actually full of shit this whole time, and Barnes was actually a decent guy.
Obie was anything but stupid – there was no point. Tony walked down the rest of the steps, eyes firmly locked with the floor as if that would help him escape his impending doom. He reached the main floor, and Tony waited to see who would speak first. When he was met with silence, Tony sighed, thinking that Obie was just waiting for him to explain himself. He looked up to try and reason the scene in front of him and stopped.
78 days. That’s how long he’d been here. He wasn’t sure why he bothered counting. Maybe it was his subconscious trying to rationalize his current situation. 78 days into an indefinite sentence.
Steve pulled away from the other man, looking at the darkened room. Not even the lab lights were on. “Tony?” he called into the darkness. “JARVIS?”
Clint cleared his throat to his left before taking pity on Steve, jumping into the introduction. He could barely make out the words, it was so hard to hear underwater.
He watched them walk off, hopping into Fury’s van. “We’ll see them again,” Bucky said next to him as the van pulled out of the lot.
Tony shrugged. “That may be true; I’m a loose cannon, but I’m one of the most dangerous people you’ll ever meet, so you should watch your tone.”
Bucky rolled his eyes before hopping down from the lap table. “Yes, mother,” he said, dashing out of the lab. Steve smiled after him before looking back at Tony who was giving him an odd look.
The brunette sighed, sitting up, Steve mirroring him. He had to tell him about Phil. That was the right thing to do, wasn’t it? If he didn’t say anything, no one would be the wiser – the FBI would be off their ass and onto Pierce’s, but they’d never see Phil again. But it was
“No, but he does.” The agent watching them had returned to his phone, fingers tapping wildly on the screen.
Bucky stared at the man. Steve doesn’t stammer. Well, minus the occasional woman of course, but Steve always spoke his mind, and he did it with pride.
His old boss had entered just a few minutes earlier, and ever since then, he and Clint had been having a staring contest.
Tony shook his head quickly. Steve could see him wringing his hands, yanking and pinching at his calloused skin. It was a common practice of his, one that Steve had been privy too many times. It was if Tony had a sliver of him that was the same as the machines he worked on. He was always moving in some way shape or form – pacing throughout his lab, gesturing animatedly with his hands as he spoke, feet tapping in time with the clicks of his fingers against a keyboard, head bobbing as he worked over open guts of a car. Steve had found that Tony even twitched in his sleep, murmuring something unintelligible before twisting around to burrow into Steve’s side. There was only one time that Steve had seen Tony still, and it was when he was laying small in frail in bed, after being pulled from the bowels of the New York underground. It was a scene that Steve prayed he never saw again.
HYDRA and the FBI had them backed against the wall. There weren’t any hopes about getting out, just hopes to stay alive long enough to end it.
Steve nodded. “Makes sense. No one else knew about us meeting except for some of my crew and- don’t even think about it.”
Clint snickered. “Totally worth it.” He jumped back down to throw the peel out, gasping when he opened the trash lid. “Is this a UroClub?”
Stane and Hammer had been over the moon. With the two of them divided, there was no way they could withstand another push from HYDRA. Tony Stark and The Howling Commandos would be brought to their knees, for good this time.
had that. He’d like to think he had that with Rhodey at least, but he's been known for fabricating his reality for something he’d always wanted. “Sure, I can respect it. But that doesn’t mean I understand it,” Tony replied, heading back for the stairs.
Tony could laugh. If only his father could see him now. Seconds away from losing his shit on a not-so-dead cop for not being there for his not-so-nuclear family of misfits, only mere feet away from where he had announced the not-so-good news of SI’s most profitable market.
Clint tensed. Who the hell was out here? It was coming from the left and getting louder, coming from
“I had to protect my people!” argued Tony. “You can’t tell me you wouldn’t have done the same thing in my position.”
Steve was up in a flash, grabbing at Tony, pulling the giggling man back into his arms. “I don’t think so,” he negated, tightening his hold.
Tony walked over to the far lab table that was covered in a sheet, before ripping it off. Steve could barely hear Bucky’s gasp over his own.
It all depended on what Steve wanted them to be, whatever he was in the mood for. His imagination ran wild, generating stories and adventures for each of the molds, always ready in that old shoe box for when Steve needed an escape.
“You gonna use them?” When The Captain remained silent, Tony continued. “It’s just, Hammer weapons aren’t reliable; in the end, they’ll probably end up causing more problems than solutions. To be blunt, your men are going to end up with a jammed gun in the middle of a firefight. Do you only use Hammer weapons?”
Rogers was shaking, his blood pounding through his veins. He couldn’t stop, wouldn’t stop. It was too late for mercy; it was too late for forgiveness.
“Alright. No doubt you’ve heard by now that our interrogation with the man downstairs was… less than stellar.” A few murmured chuckles resounded in the room. “However. Stark is gonna pull some strings and get us the information we need.”
“Shh,” a voice filtered into his ear, his head turning towards it immediately, despite the pain. It was a comforting blob to look at as his eyes slowly shifted into focus.
This was wrong; Steve could see why no one liked this man. He could see why people had told him to stay clear. Everything about him was slimy, leaving behind a rotten taste. He oozed a kind of danger that even Steve wasn't a fan of. But he was too far now, he had too much to lose. A whole house full of people that HYDRA was waiting to snatch away from him. “Convince you? Well, no doubt you’ve seen what HYDRA did last month. That not good enough for you?”
“Forgive me when I don’t take your word for it.” Steve pushed Bucky’s hands away and peeled the jacket away to get a better look at Clint’s side. While Clint had managed to get away with just a graze, it was still a pretty deep gash. Steve let out a small hiss before pushing the jacket back against the wound. “Report,” Steve added to Bucky.
“More or less. It didn’t do any wonders for my arm, and Nat got some bruising from falling down the stairs, but that’s not the problem. The explosion was in a hallway by the main offices. Nat and I dug our way out but we’re still trying to get people out.”
“I didn’t know you we’re alive, Phil!” Tony shouted. “This changes things. Trust me, I can get you out of this.”
lie about this to him? There was no way the man didn’t know his father. What his father did to him. But he had chosen to say nothing. Why?
Natasha couldn’t pick up what Pepper was saying, but by the shrill tones she hears, she assumed the CEO was in the middle of chewing Stark out.
She saw Sam pause, mulling over her statement. She knew that he would agree with her, but Sam did always have more restraint. “I have no idea how Steve agreed to let Fury take the reins on this one,” she continued. “He’s lost the most from this, and now he’s just going to stand aside and let the law intervene?”
Steve rolled his eyes, but didn't push further. Tony Stark had unbelievable resources; if he wanted to find The Commandos base, he would with no problem. Hell, Stark was probably about three steps away from finding out Steve's name, if he hadn't already.
It had been weeks after he’d set the fire. Long enough that Clint had been worried that Phil didn’t see the news story and wasn’t coming. It had been heartbreaking, but it could have been worse. At least he had known that Phil was alive and had gotten to see him one last time in New York. He’d never forget how beautiful he’d looked that day. Ethereal. His hair askew and suit rumpled and dirtied from the events at Tony’s tower. He’d never forget the grip on his shoulders, firm,
Tony shuddered, remembering when Steve told him. Tony made sure that he wrapped around Steve each night, hoping,
The woman blushed furiously before handing over her phone. “Oh, of course. Anything to help you Mr. Stark.”
Tony ducked on autopilot, narrowly missing the man’s fist. He scrambled away quickly, arms going up defensively, but Tony could see that despite the outburst, Barnes didn’t really want to fight him. Tony looked around the room once more. Clearly, he and Barnes were the only ones left in the building, but if The Commandos were gone, why the hell was Barnes even here?
HYDRA still had come after his people. So HYDRA would still have to pay. This time with a little more Tony.
Steve snorted, but looked over Tony’s shoulder at the impending battle. Turning back around, he faced the rest of his men. “Call it, Captain,” Tony prodded.
but he could still save Steve. His boss was out of his mind, blinded by grief and pain. If Steve sat around here, it wouldn't be hard for the cops to piece things together.
What remained of his car looked more like an empty steel shell, covered with remains of melted plastic and bright flames. Right to the left Tony could see the still form of Happy.
Steve stared down at Clint, the archer barely recognizable with his crumpled outfit and tired, dead eyes. “The ice bullet theory? Yea, that’s it.”
Steve wanted to be sick. Instead, he started laughing. “Right,” he gasped, watching his own demise in sick amusement. “You were the one that taught me that when someone says that, they mean the exact opposite.”
A small knock on the door pulled the two men apart. A stone faced Natasha walked in, followed by a very pale Clint.
“Well, seventy plus years of whispers start to add up, don’t you think? All the info they collected over the years – it’s way more than what Tony’s ever compiled.”
Bucky’s brow furrowed, and Steve could already see the questions forming in his head. “Don’t worry, I’ll explain later. Go get some sleep. We’ll talk in the morning, punk.”
Hill shrugged. “It’s hard to tell. Stark was able to dismantle the organization known as AIM when he took down the Mandarin, but there could have been others that were injected or got their hands on a sample.”
The officer nodded before looking back to Steve. “Who was behind all this?” he said, gesturing to the mess in front of them.
Tony chuckled, reaching down a hand to yank Clint off his feet and surprisingly, into a tight hug. “You’ve got a mean right hook, Legolas,” he said.
And again; thank you, thank you. Serious kudos to you guys for keeping along with the story; hope it will live up to your expectations!
Steve shook his head. “Can’t. Probably won’t until this is over. I mean, it’s been weeks, and nothing has happened.”
Stark let out a small sigh. “It’s not like I’ve put you through the same hell. You just didn’t realize it. I used your crew to get to HYDRA; I didn’t really care who made it out or not. I just wanted them gone; you guys were dispensable to me. But…things got complicated. You lost your arm, half your mob just up and left, Steve’s crazy. Part of that’s on me. Gotta clear the conscience somehow.”
Stark shot him a grave look. “That’s why I needed you to meet with you. JARVIS got me a different angle on who Loki was meeting.”
Sam spent a long time sitting in the sand after their talk, long after Riley had gone off the bed, long after the sun had begun to crawl over the horizon. He thought about the man he knew – more like the man he thought he knew. The man who, after all this time, after all this hate, still thought the sun shone out of Sam’s ass. And if Riley was man enough to suck it up for his nephew, so could Sam. He stood up and went about his shift, mind made up. On his lunch break he searched the crowd, finding Riley tucked into a corner, and plopped down next to him. They were inseparable after that.
Tony was jolted right and then pushed forward, someone snatching the bag away from his head. Tony squinted at the bright lights illuminating the room. Once he forced himself to reopen his eyes, Tony could only wish that he hadn’t. There, encompassing the entirety of the room, were his weapons. Every weapon imaginable, it seemed, from SI’s top sellers, to the ones always meant for the clearance rack.
Trying to clear his head, Steve stomped down the last few steps, walking down the dark hallway to one of their ‘interrogation rooms’. Steve had left Thor in charge of Hammer’s last survivor while he catered to the injured with Bruce, so with the two of them together, Steve didn’t think it would take much for the guy to break.
Tony’s laugh echoed through his entryway as Bucky watched him and Steve step outside. “Catch you later, Barnes,” the brunette said over his shoulder as the pair made their way to their car. “Have fun at bridge!”
Tony paced in his office, pondering over everything that had happened. Even he couldn’t deny it anymore; HYDRA was out there. And they meant business. The real question now was how far Tony was willing to go to get rid of them. The Captain took care of them once; surely he could do it again. But he'd seen his face down in the basement. The Captain obviously wasn't the most forthcoming about what had happened the first time he'd faced off with HYDRA, but seeing him so distraught already didn't sit well with Tony. If anything, it bolstered the fact that they needed to care of this problem as soon as possible.
So please let me know what your thoughts/feeling are. If you've been on this ride this long, I'm sure you've got some things to say!
“You’re right,” Fury replied, pulling over a file that was sitting on the table beside him. “Your emergency contact is one Louis Ronin.”
Steve flicked on a light, and opened the door. No one was there. The pounding started again, and Steve turned to find that the sounds had not come from the door, but from his window.
“I CAN’T!” Steve finally shouted. “Can’t you see that?!” Steve was gasping for breath, his whole body trembling, but he couldn’t discern if it was from the spar or just his overwhelming emotions. “I can’t sleep, Buck. I won’t sleep. The last time I went to sleep with the threat of HYDRA around, Bucky, I woke up and
Steve still didn’t respond, and the two shifted into an uncomfortable silence. “Well, nice chatting with you, Fury.” Steve made a move to leave, but Fury gestured for him to stay put.
“I can’t keep this secret for you,” Tony replied. “I don’t want to! Why even bother showing up and blabbing your mouth to me just to turn around and say that I can’t tell anyone!”
Tony wasn’t even sure how they’d made it to the bed. He’d planned on only coming up for a quick change of clothes, but Steve had followed him up and well – here they were.
She must have just gotten done with her shift, the early morning light showing her tired expression.
“That’s because you’re both insane,” snorted Bruce, gathering up his things. “I’ll be back in a while to check up on him.”
On the far wall of the main floor, there was a rusty iron staircase, going both up and down. Going down, the steps led to a shady hallway lit by a single flickering bulb, branching off to a few poorly constructed rooms, most likely used for storage during the war. Steve now had the used for their own interrogations, filling the room with one simple chair, the dark rooms made for holding the last breaths of its prisoners.
“Besides,” Tony added. “I come bearing gifts.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a slim phone before chucking it into Bucky’s outreached hand.
“I’m not,” Barnes said. “I just value the remaining limbs I have left. Natasha probably won’t be too kind if I come back smelling like scotch.”
“Um,” Steve started. “I know that this, well, to be honest, it’s a fucking blow. But, I think we all knew that we weren’t going to be able to finish this without assistance from the law. And especially since we found out Phil was alive, there wasn’t a chance that we were going to leave him behind.” He rubbed a tired hand over his face. “I didn’t want this. Just the thought of being on my own again is enough to terrify me, but the thought of any of you dead or locked away terrifies me more.”
“That I got the better deal.” Steve looked out here window, where an unseen Tony was most likely below, fidgeting in their car.
Romanoff chuckled. “What happened is that you just finished an interrogation with Clint Barton. Congratulations.”
Steve put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, Tony squirming out of his grip easily. “Oh no you don’t. Keep those puppy eyes away from me. Go be a mother hen somewhere else; I don’t have time for this.”
“No promises!” Tony heard Barnes yell at him, but he was already on the move. He raced back up to the office, slamming the suitcase shut and grabbed his jacket. Regardless of the head start, Tony knew that it would be almost impossible to outrun Barnes. It didn't matter. He needed to try; he needed to help. Seeing that he had everything, Tony spun around back towards the door, when-
“Ms. Potts,” Steve sighed. “We can sit here and talk all day about this, but we really need your help. Tony’s in trouble, and just sitting around here isn’t doing him any favors.”
“No time,” Bucky replied, grabbing at Tony’s flight suit and yanking it the rest of the way down. Steve hummed his agreement, looking down at Tony’s now rear backside, cupping the toned ass with his hands.
Tony huffed, buckling down for a familiar argument. “You couldn’t have known what was going to happen. If I remember correctly, you were already taking care of the mess at
The two men looked at each other, ignoring the protests of Hammer. “Uh, w-we were just contracted by Hammer,” one of them stammered out, the whites of his eyes shining in bright contrast to the darkened room. “We don’t know anything, I swear,” he confirmed.
Tony kissed Steve’s forehead. “But yet, you’re thinking about it in your head. You are, aren’t you? I bet you’d like that, tying me down and- ”
Tony cursed to himself. Barnes was still in there. Tony looked down the stairs, the underground passageway looking cool and extremely inviting, then back at the burning remains of The Commandos base.
“Humor me.” The look in Tony’s eyes had Steve shutting up and relaxing against the seat, watching as his team filled the rest of the cars. Tony slipped in the driver’s seat next to Steve, taking point as he led the rest of the team further into Brooklyn.
“It’s a long story,” Tony responded sheepishly, rubbing a hand along the back side of his neck. “But consider it a peace offering. We had a couple of rocky starts, but third time’s the charm, right?”
Steve shook his head. “I’m not sure; I haven’t gotten word from Tony yet.” He palmed for his phone, sighing when he realized he left it on the quinjet. “How could this happen?”
“Listen, lady,” Bucky interrupted. “I’m sure you’re very good at your job. But so are we. We’ve been dealing with HYDRA the longest; they didn’t get to where they are today without being precautious. You may be right, but so is Cap. Pierce wouldn’t rely on just the NYPD security measures.”
were originally ruled as accidental deaths, there was no telling how many actually fell victim to this unknown killer.
He found Obie on the steps, posing for the paparazzi. He loved doing it, and the paps loved him for loving it. Tony remembered asking him about it one day.
to the rest of the team. He went so far as to assume Steve was a closeted homophobe. Of course, in order to prove his theory, Clint ended up blurting that he was gay during the first dinner he was invited to with the rest of The Commandos. What he hadn't excepted was Steve to just smile and say,
“I’m done relaxing,” hissed Pierce. “We’ve waited too long; The Captain and his crew are probably long gone by now.”
When Tony finally pulled his hand out, he gave Steve a small smirk before taking the hand and pushing it behind him. Expecting a snarky comment, Steve was dumbfounded when he heard Tony look down with him and whisper a small “
Tony paused, digesting Steve’s statement. “Well, you’re a smart man,” he finally said, directing the conversation to saver territory. “Now that one,” he said grabbing Steve’s hand to point at another cluster. “That’s Taurus. It involves some guy and a bull.”
Tony tried to move, to distance himself from the intimate moment, but his body protested, forcing his to remain stagnant. He could hear Clint sobbing, sounds barely muffled by Phil’s jacket.
Natasha thought to herself. She quickly untied one of her slippers before chucking it at the light switch, the room descending into darkness as the steps approached the office.
Clint laughed softly, ending in another groan. Steve stepped closer to the man, trying to bracket him, finding any way to lessen his pain. Any response Steve was going to give was cut off by Natasha entering the room, followed by the doc.
“Good, that’s good,” replied The Captain. “Nothing unexpected on our end either; this might actually be working.”
He could feel Steve’s arms wind around him, his voice murmuring soft nothings in his ears, but Tony yanked back, trying to pull away. How could he show up here like nothing was wrong? Where had he
Tony shuddered. If The Captain was right, and this was HYDRA? It took them one day to take out one of his own. How long before the rest of them start dropping like flies?
"What a patriot," laughed Tony. Mind made up, he grabbed his keys and sidearm and head to the door. "Don't wait up for me, dear. Daddy's got a little work to do."
Clint shot him a venomous look. “Don’t try and play hero here. If you really cared about Phil, then you would have- ”
“You talk to DUM-E when you’re replacing his parts,” said Bucky. “I don’t even think you have to maintain him as much as you do, with how quality the material is, but you do anyway. You replace his parts and oil everything up by hand, like you’ve been doing since you were a kid. You give him crap a lot, but I know you see him as your own child. I love that you can find love in anything, even a washed up, brainwashed assassin like me.”
“Go,” Steve had whispered against his lips, before placing another desperate kiss against them. “I’ll be right behind you.”
“Oh, really?” Tony scoffed. “Punching the hell out of a sand filled bag doesn’t constitute as work. There’s nothing else that needs to be done. JARVIS and I are manning the computer and your boys have the whole place on lock down. All of our bases are covered. I’ve even got a few people of my own out and about, just in case.”
Natasha’s voice added in, and then Tony’s laughter took over, ringing brightly in Steve’s ear. He resisted a curse. Last thing he needed was to hear Tony’s teasing for drooling over the other man
survive in Kansas. Hell, he would probably even thrive. He’d done it before, and he would do it again. And he’d do it without Tony.
An old nickname, one he hadn’t heard in a long time. Many in the criminal community called the ever elusive SSR files held more secrets than the lost Library of Alexandria.
“On the contrary,” Steve interjected. “I’ve never been more sure of what I have to do.” He walked up to Hammer, placing the gun’s muzzle against the man’s shaking chest. “Now, I’m going to give you the same option. You can tell me who you’re working for and I’ll grant you the luxury of my men gunning you down as you leave, quick and painless.”
Tony shrugged, ignoring the long list of reasons why that listed in his head. “Just an upgraded unit, swapping out the old for the new. But, I’ve run into a little bit of a speed bump. There’s an exposed wire under this device,” he said, tapping at his chest. “It’s contacting the socket wall and causing a little bit of a short.”
Steve growled in frustration, pushing Tony to the ground. “I do! This happened, didn’t it?!” Steve gestured around the devastation. “You killed him, didn’t you?! Admit it!”
Stane leaned his hands forward to rest on his desk. “Nothing, really. I’m just here to inform you that I will be terminating our little agreement.”
But it’s not like he thought too much about it. Steve had a taste for the arts, and being an artist, of course he could appreciate the different contours of the human face. That was all that was. Right.
Steve’s eyes tracked all over Clint’s body, looking for potential injuries, frowning when he found a long cut on Clint's side. Always the mother hen. “Where the hell have you been?!”
“Here?” Tony asked. “You’re going to sweep me off my feet in the middle of the boondocks of Illinois?”
But none of that mattered right now. There was a much bigger issue to deal with. And if what Barnes said was true, it’s going to be a lot harder to slip out for the day.
It was Pepper’s. She would be much better in his shoes – hell, everyone knows she basically runs that company anyway.
He had been ignoring calls from Obie; Tony didn't need to deal with that right now. He needed to deal with this.
Of course, he should have realized that Pepper was not one of his teammates, and doesn’t bow to authority. If anything, it gets her more riled up. Her gentle fingers turned to stone as she gripped Steve’s chin, forcing him to make eye contact. “Steven Grant Rogers, you listen to me. Your son has been up for God knows how many hours, being lugged around by you pacing up and down this hallway. He probably hasn’t eaten all day, and is covered in both you and your husband’s blood. Give me the child.”
Bucky stilled, body frozen over the open guts of the car. He knew that voice. But it couldn’t be him, could it?
“That’s rich, coming from the guy that promised me tacos only to stop at Burger King,” Clint replied blandly.
“Mr. Stark,” Fury continued after a moment. “My men have been trying for days to get your statement on what happened at your last business deal.”
Tony bounded up the steps to the main floor and out the nearest door. He couldn’t pick up on any familiarities, but was that? Yep. The Captain had been so nice as to leave the car he took Tony from out front.
Bucky laughed softly, reaching for a glass of water. “Well, it’s a good thing you haven’t seen yourself, Princess.” The brunette leaned back towards Steve, gripping the back of his neck gently as he guided Steve’s mouth to the cup.
“And there it is again,” Bucky scoffed. “This game of chess that you insist on playing with everyone, this deflecting? It’s fuckin’ ridiculous.”
“Cold?” That wasn’t right. Clint had lost count of the number of times he’d been shot, but he’d never felt cold. “No way,” he whispered.
Tony laced his hands together, trying to stop them from shaking as the memory coursed through his head. He remembered when Jarvis woke him up the next morning, having fallen asleep on the large robot as his brain tried to contemplate the previous night.
“You can’t do this; you won’t do this. You don’t have that kind of dark side.” Hammer almost taunted.
Sam rolled his eyes, stepping around Stark and into the kitchen. True to his word, Steve had put on some coffee, and Sam walked over to pour himself a cup. He heard Stark shuffle in behind him; he could almost feel the man’s stare, no doubt trying to think of something to say. They’d never been very close, but then again, with everything going on, there wasn’t exactly a lot of time to bond.
As for him, Steve wasn’t sure how he was doing. He’d be lying if said he was okay, but with everything that happened, Steve had a hard time remembering if there was a time where he was ever okay.
it to him. And if one thing had remained the same in the last century, it was how quickly church ladies can spread rumors. A half hour hadn’t passed before the whole congregation knew, judging by the long stares and hurried whispers he got as he passed. That, and the few phone numbers that managed to slip into his pocket while he was there. “It wasn’t funny,” Steve grit out. “I can never go back there again!”
A jewelry store. They’d crashed into a fucking jewelry store. Steve immediately yanked back the hand that was resting on a display case that he’d used to stand up, but that just turned to bite him in the ass as blaring alarms sounded, bright spot lights snapping on.
Right now, Steve would have loved nothing more than to curl up on the couch in his office, trying to trick his body into getting some sleep, but Steve knew how it would play out. He would lie on the lumpy cushions until the unwanted energy thrumming through his body would make him too restless, until Steve found himself sitting behind his desk yet again, pouring every piece of information they had for the millionth time.
“Oh God, Tony,” he said, drawing Tony closer. He smelled just like he always did. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to be so late. It’s alright now, I promise.
Barnes reached forward and grabbed Tony’s arm, squeezing over his stitches. Tony tried to remain unfazed, but even he couldn’t help the flinch he gave as he was grabbed roughly. “Listen to me very closely. The only reason you are still breathing is because Cap still wants to milk you a bit more before he leaves you dried up and broken in the streets. And when that day comes? When The Captain finally realizes how useless you are? You can be damn sure that I’ll be the one behind the rifle pulling the trigger. It would be quite a site to watch
“Tony,” Obie drawled, gaze turning towards him. He stood in the center of the lobby, the room completely ablaze around him. The gauntlets he wore were massive, looking like mutated boxing gloves, traveling all the way up to his elbows. There were wires weaving around the twisted metal, connected to Tony’s other arc reactor, laying like a mockery across the man’s chest.
“Yes,” answered Phil. “I’m just out to find another blanket. Clint passed out before I even got here.”
He saw Steve smile as he hopped into the passenger seat. The drive back to the speakeasy was silent, but comfortable. Tony couldn't keep the sappy smile off his face as Steve grabbed one of his hands about halfway through the drive, gently rubbing shapes into his skin. Tony parked a few blocks away, opting to walk the last few leaning against the hard plane of Steve's warm body.
The wood in the arms of his chair creaked under his grip as Pierce watched Stane saunter from his office, all to run into a frantic Grant Ward. Stane passes the younger man a stony glare, but didn’t stop from leaving the office. Once the doorway was clear, Ward shut the door behind him.
Clint dipped out of the room with impressive speed, a slight limp in his left foot; one that definitely wasn’t there earlier. Natasha and Bruce followed, Bruce having the decency to shoot a compassionate wince their direction.
Steve saw a small smile grace Tony’s face, but it didn’t reach his eyes. Steve had seen how worn the man looked from before, but this last attack seemed to be eating Tony alive.
Tony blinked the tears away from his eyes rapidly before grabbing Peter to lay him down in his crib. Ensuring that the doors were locked and everything accounted for, Tony took one last look at the empty dining room table before stomping down the stairs, locking himself in his lab.
“No need, hot shot, I got this. Alright, J, let’s do this.” Steve watched as both Tony and the suit lifted the concrete slab over their heads and chuck it to the side, as if it weighed nothing more than a sack of potatoes. Tony then grabbed remaining chunks of structural rebar onto the pile of rubble without a second glance. “We good, J?”
“We’ve still got a few to drop off, but soon you’ll be able to talk with everyone again,” said Steve. “It’s the best thing we can give you for now.”
“Okay,” Steve said, checking over his work one final time. “We’re ready to go.” He shook the negative thoughts from his head and opened Tony’s door. The man was slumped as far down in his seat as he could, his upper body contorted like a pretzel for his legs to stretch out and press against the glass of the windshield. Steve had fussed at him multiple times about putting his shoes on the dash, so he took this, along with the smug look on Tony’s face, as a silent retaliation for having to wait. “You are such a child,” he snorted.
, that’s right, a bow and arrow, was a better shot than Tony could probably make with a gun and a scope all while standing right in front of the man. The wound was clean and downright perfect; minimum blood loss, but maximum damage.
Side note, (and of course I thought of this when I have like a billion other things I need to finish first, but that's my brain for you) I am thinking about making a Stony Mad Max AU. Thoughts?
She spun quickly, already in a defensive position. She recovered instantly when she was met with Bruce.
Steve couldn’t help but smile. With everything that he’d lost, just seeing Tony doing something as mundane as talking on the phone was enough to remind Steve of all that he still had. Steve chuckled as Tony groaned, throwing his free hand up to the ceiling.
Sitting next to him was a lanky teenager in what was no doubt a hand sown outfit. The stiches were sloppy as the shirt formed what Steve assumed was a mockup of his own stars and stripes. The kid shot him a toothy grin, his fiery hair more red than orange, pairing with his ice blue eyes. “It’s me, Patriot!” the boy shouted proudly. “The boy wonder and Captain America’s sidekick!”
His face, if you could still call it that, was swollen like a grape, covered with little rivulets of blood than slid down from his temple. From the short gasps he was taking, Clint figured Delmar had at least a few cracked, hell, even bruised ribs. And were those? Yep, those were broken fingers. Clint didn’t even want to know how many other broken bones that littered the man’s body. Thank God he was unconscious.
Steve liked them because even though they came from the same mold, each of them were different. Unique. Special.
“You don’t think I know that?” Bucky hissed. “Dealing with him is like dealing with Steve; it’s like trying to compromise with a brick wall.”
Olivia nodded with a small smile. She tugged Steve to sit back down on the bench. The two sat for a moment, looking down at the grave. “My grandfather had a hard life,” Olivia started.
"Well, that was fun," Tony finally said, breathlessly, still flopped against the chair. It was probably subconscious, but Tony swore he could start to feel his body reacting to the new reactor. It was like getting a new battery, literally, and Tony was the Energizer Bunny, rearing to start banging on his drum again.
Steve had to turn around to hide his smile, his shoulders shaking slightly as be barely contained his laughter. Tony’s face was carefully blank, but Bucky could see his eyes narrowing slightly, his nostrils flaring.
Bucky groaned, shoulders slumping at the shrill tone. He sucked in a deep breath before turning to face the street. He jerked his hand in some semblance of a wave to the older woman across the street. “Good morning, Mrs. Danowitz,” he grit out. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Steve’s shoulders shake with laughter.
Tony opened his mouth before the blonde put up a large hand to stop him. “And before you ask, yes, we disabled it before we moved you, so there is no way your security can track you here. Your man Hogan’s probably wetting himself right now.”
He couldn’t even imagine a time that he didn’t think Pepper was perfect for this life. Even in the first five minutes of them meeting, she was dragging him down the hall by his collar to an investor’s meeting. By the next week, she had her own chair at the table next to his.
there was something wrong with Stane, he just couldn’t figure it out it time. A common trend for him, unfortunately. God, if he’d only been quicker. If he’d only seen what was right in front of his goddamned eyes, Tony might have been spared.
More shots came from down the hallway. Tony raised his hands again but Yinsen slapped them down. “Save it. The repulsors need to recharge, otherwise you’ll overheat the reactor.”
“I’m sorry to say, dear Captain, that this is the end of the line for you. Time to pay for your sins.”
Steve shuddered. “I know. There was… it was cold. But how am I here?” Steve broke off, looking back at his friend. Bucky was pale, his dark hair looking more black against the pastiness of his skin. He was in a sweatshirt, one of Steve’s, with a blanket thrown across his own back.
The Captain nodded. “That should be it. Go on; do your jobs and get me some info. But remember, stay close to home and always have someone watching your six. If there was ever a time- ”
“But satisfaction brought it back,” retorted The Captain. “I need to make sure me and my people are safe. And if the rumors are true, then we won’t be the only ones in danger.”
“You’re asking the wrong person, Buck,” Steve sighed. “I ask myself that every time, because what if it is? I mean, he’s Tony Stark! He’s been with monarchs and supermodels and- ”
you. I let it happen. I could’ve stopped you, but I was just trying so damn hard. Trying so hard to fix things that I couldn’t see I was breaking them even more.”
" Steve gaped at him. Just earlier this morning Stark was telling him to take a hike. Something had changed, and Steve was willing to bet that it wasn't anything good. Stark may be crazy, but he surely wasn't stupid. Whatever he had on HYDRA was worth the risk of entering The Commandos den.
Rogers took down the last few agents before he found himself outside Fury’s office. This man had given him a life once; he had given Rogers purpose by putting a gun in his hand.
But he had managed to eventually find a familiar tower in the skyline, The Captain and his problems slipping farther away.
Romanoff looked between the two of them, giving a small smile when both men kept their mouths shut. “I’m glad we had this talk. Now that that’s out of the way, let’s deal with this.” She pointed back to the man in the chair, but shot her arms out when the other two men stepped towards the chair. “Oh no. We’re doing it
“What about the files?” He could feel Tony’s glare, the man obviously not happy with him jumping the gun.
Sam paused, staring down at the coffee machine before pulling out another mug and pouring a second cup. He offered it over to Stark, the man smiling gratefully in return before gulping the liquid down. A much better interaction than the last time Sam had given him caffeine, remembering the cool muzzle of a gun against his throat, the weapon remaining steady, even as Stark threw his head back to finish the drink.
While Steve’s crew was made up of almost every type of person, it was still a wonder that someone like Bruce Banner had ever ended up with a crew like them.
Bucky shot him an unimpressed look, but slunk forward. Steve watched as Tony circled Bucky, as if stalking him, his eyes darting all over. “You checking me out, Stark?” Bucky teased.
“Yeah, I don’t know if I can do the whole ‘adhering to authority’ thing,” Steve smiled, reciting from memory.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony murmured, bending down to place a few kisses on Steve’s head before crouching down, bundling the larger man in his arms.
Tony watch as Barnes gaped, eyes wide as he listened into the phone. “No, no I heard you. It’s just… you sure that’s what he said?”
Steve looked over the photos. It didn’t look like much, but then again, it wasn’t meant to. It made him wonder about all the other holes that the NYPD were hiding out in. “Where is this?”
“Yeah, well, I’ve always worked better with real drama. Now, come on. We’ve got work to do.” Bucky led Steve over to the door, first leading the blonde over to the desk, glaring at him until Steve finally got the memo to pick up the meal and bring it with.  The pair made their way over to the exit when Clint came bursting in, looking frazzled.
“Don’t you dare talk about them,” Steve snapped in response. “You don’t get to feel that pain; you don’t get the luxury. I was the one who had to bury them – you were the one that put them in the ground!”
Tony snorted. “Yeah, asshole. We. As in you, me, and all those mutts out there,” he said, nodding to the open door. At Steve’s shocked face, Tony continued. “Square deal?” he asked, putting a hand out.
As incompetent as Steve thought the average policeman was, there were still many times that Steve found himself relying on them. With them being on the right side of the law, they had access to to things that Steve couldn't even get a hold of. A high profile client such as Tony Stark would have the NYPD scrambling to put their best men on the case - this could even venture into FBI territory. And Steve depended on it.
He heard Yinsen hum. “The braces are fine; they’ll hold for a few more weeks and we’ll go from there. As for the other one,” he said, carefully switching between hands. “You haven’t ripped your stitches, which, for you, is a momentous achievement. Any loss of mobility?”
“We’ll be waiting for them,” finished Steve. The blonde turned to look at Nat. “Go; spread the word. We’ll meet up with you later.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but held up his arm dutifully. “Bullseye,” Barton murmured, looking at the bullet wound.
Steve lurched forward as both he and Rhodes stumbled back into the main room. The rest of his team were still gathered there, holding onto different pieces of furniture for support.
if he was too late, if Tony had shouldered the whole burden… Steve didn’t know what he would do. Get on his knees and plead with the Commissioner to take him instead? Kill him?
Clint could never read Fury, but now he could tell that the man was not happy about his little vacation. But he would deal with that later.
Steve sent him another dirty glare but opted not to continue. Encouraging Bucky would only end in disaster. He turned back to the colored boxes. It shouldn’t feel like such a hard decision. Steve was sure that Tony would have something nice to say no matter what he brought home, but that wasn’t good enough for Steve. It needed to be perfect. The feel needed to be perfect, as well as the color. And now, he was stuck between red and blue.
Steve shuddered, thinking back to those toy soldiers. Happier times. Steve had always thought, ‘third time’s the charm’. He’d started his life over for a third time, taken a chance with The Commandos. He thought’s he’d finally found it. The colors that made him happy; the ones that made him a masterpiece.
Finally hearing the door click, Steve would have smiled if he hadn’t seen the spider web cracks form on the window. Steve watched in dismay as the cracks continue to grow until the glass shattered, sending bits of window everywhere. Steve saw red, his rage sending him to pick up the car, ready to throw it at the nearest building.
Steve shot him a glare, finally looking up at his friend. “Maybe I’m just surprised you’re actually here and are gracing me with your presence.”
Tony groaned. That man could pack a punch. Still, he wasn’t getting off that easy. “So, it’s true what they say. You do have a temper. Let me be the first to tell you that flustered looks good on you,” he said with a wink.
“What?” Tony said, his voice barely heard over the crackle of gunfire. His eyes almost looked aflame in the warehouse lights, his hair manic from where he had ran his fingers through. The gun fit perfectly in his hands, his callused fingers steady on the grip and trigger. His clothes were old, wrinkled and covered in grease, no doubt the same outfit he’d worm the past two days. A fine sheen of sweat had formed on his brow, his tongue darting out to lick his lips as he panted through his adrenaline rush.
“Steve, you came busting into everyone’s room at 5 AM on a Sunday saying you needed to dig through our closets for junk,” Tony countered.
Tony shrugged. “Why not? It’s kind of big to just be staying here all by myself. Besides, there is no way I’m staying in the shitholes you guys have been rolling in recently. Sorry, but this fine-tuned machine only goes between Egyptian cotton sheets; take it or leave it.”
“Captain America doesn’t get jealous,” Steve answered. “Steve Rogers on the other hand,” he added, pressing a kiss to the underside of Tony’s ear, teeth scraping gently against the skin. “I missed you, is all.”
“I still see you’re using that worthless hunk of metal as a weapon,” Rumlow snorted, looking down at Steve’s shield.
Working with Riley was a nightmare. He was young and carefree, joking around from mission to mission, barely skating by each time without a court martial. His uniform was almost never regulation, he was late to shifts, he postured with the other men, he fought against their orders. The only thing he was good at was jumping – then again, anyone could fall, if they put their mind to it.
he sighed to himself. The walk was as slow and torturous as it always was – he was in no rush – but it always ended the same, no matter what time he made the climb: him curled in the middle of the bed, lying in silence.
Tony tried to jerk away from Barnes’ reach, resulting in Pepper to bang her hand along the inside of the reactor casing. Tony groaned, barely audible in the angry beeps of the EKG. Barnes backed away as if he’d been burned, resorting to awkward hovering over Tony’s form, eyes darting between Tony’s face and the heart-rate monitor.
Thor stood back up, pulling Bruce along with him. “In times like that, I must remember the good that I have done, the good I have inside me.” Thor pointed at Bruce’s chest. “Sometimes I ask why I do what I do every day, buy I force myself to remember the people that I have saved. The people like Sarah. And I will continue to do my duty for people like them. Because I am a hero. As are you.”
Tony walked out from around the wall and stared back at him. Then, he watched in grim satisfaction as the frying pan sailed across the room, smacking Steve in the shoulder with a satisfying thud.
The blonde had crumpled, knees on the floor, head cushioned between his two hands. His shoulders shook, and
“No,” Barnes agreed. “And you probably won’t by yourself. But you and Steve managed to find them once. You found them together.”
The trees that surrounded most of the property stood tall, like a protective fence, shrouding him from the outside world. The only open area was where the property sloped down to the private beach. The lake it rested on was shared, but Tony’s property was so remote that he hadn’t seen a single boat pass through in his time here. No sounds except the lapping of water against the shore. Sometimes, Tony found himself walking all the way to the beach, watching his feet sit upon hardened mounds of sand and be engulfed by frigid water. Tony eyes the crystal water;
Natasha grinned, shifting further into the couch and closed her eyes, listening to the pair bicker over her. She gripped the phone tightly in her hands.
It wasn’t long before the police arrived with the paramedics, both helping Steve get the civilians out of the train. Steve also managed to snag Jo Schmidt, the kid still hiding out in the shadows. Steve grabbed him by his cape and dragged him to the nearest officer. “Make sure he gets home to his mom,” Steve said, throwing one more glare over to the sullen teen.
Clint just stared back. Natasha huffed, stomping forward, easily dodging the man’s hands to reach behind him and grab his gun.
Steve Rogers knew that with each passing day, he learned more about Tony Stark. But if there was one thing that he knew for certain, was that the man loved to talk. Steve had seen him both start and finish a conversation himself before he could even get a single word in. It seemed to be his go-to no matter what mood he was in. A happy stream of babble when he was happy, awkward rambling when he was nervous, viscous barbs when he was angry.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Steve was babbling but Bucky didn’t hear him over the roaring of his own ears.
Getting into fights with the general public is anything but that. You can’t be out here making waves.”
“No,” replied Yinsen. “They haven’t been in yet. Maybe today is your lucky day; you’ll finally meet our gracious hosts.”
Steve, who could keep him safe. Who could keep him from the dark thoughts in his head. Who could keep him grounded.
When Tony saw her he had to pause, taking in her beauty. Pepper was always stunning, but tonight, in the royal blue gown with an open back, hair hanging behind her in loose curls, he couldn’t help but stop and admire her. By the speed of her moving mouth and fake smile plastered on her face, Tony could only assume she was bitching out one of their investors for an inappropriate comment. He watched the man she was talking too – what was his name again? Generic old guy #7? – taking in the pallor of his face, getting exceedingly redder by the second. A final scoff and the man was stalking away, nose turned firmly in the air. Tony grinned.
Sam shrugged, leading Steve and Tony down the stairs towards the cellars downstairs. “Clint suggested it. Said it was a perfect time to break in the new interrogation room.”
Rogers started to pick at his eggs. “My memory is one big cloud right now. My memories aren’t memories; it’s just one possible eventuality now. They become clearer when they become more likely, and vice versa. But as soon as you do something, it becomes sharp in my head, like I had done it in my past. It’s killing me.” Rogers dropped his fork to rub his head.
“And this dumbass over here wants to walk up to the station and deliver the news himself,” Bucky finished.
Clint walked up next to Thor and stared out into the night. “Growing up in the circus was hard. I never had too many things, but the one thing I always had was my brother. But stuff happened; he became someone I didn’t want him to be. But that doesn’t mean I don’t still miss him.”
“You bite your tongue,” Tony snapped back, causing The Captain to grin wider. Tony rolled his eyes, before looking back to Coulson. And then to The Captain. And then back to Coulson. “No way,” Tony continued, his mouth gaping open. “You’re in with the police? Bribing the good and honest men of the NYPD, are we now? Didn’t seem to peg you as one of those guys, Cap.” Tony couldn’t help but notice a faint flush breeze over The Captain’s face after the use of the nickname.
“Jim, please,” Pepper continued, rubbing her temple. “I’m not exactly happy about it either, but he wants to find Tony as much as we do.”
An abhorred gasp sounded to their left, and both men turned to see a middle-aged mother scowling at them, her hand yanking at her snickering adolescent son. An apology started to form on Steve’s lips, but Bucky interjected. “Come on, lady. It’s not like he hasn’t seen that shit all over the internet already.”
Barton led them to a fire exit, and sprinted down to the garage. Apparently Barton planned for everything because he was pulled out a pair of keys, and Delmar soon found himself in a car, racing out of headquarters.
With a sweep of his legs, Rumlow ended up on the ground. Steve grabbed his shield, and thrust it into Rumlow’s chest, the force stopping his heart.
Something you may have noticed: Unfortunately, I don't think the Iron Man suit will be making an appearance in this story. Although it is completely badass, and I would love to write it, I don't think it will fit in. Here's my reasoning:
“You didn’t,” Tony said, Steve realizing he hadn’t kept his thoughts to himself. “I don’t think there was anything there to find – for a while at least. When I was first injected, nothing was wrong; I felt great. I think Extremis was expending itself on healing me, so I didn’t feel any of the nasty side effects. But I’m healthy now,” Tony added. “It’s got nothing else to do but build up in my chest.”
It’s not like Sam could judge the other man. He had barely set foot in his new home before he was already trying to find a way out of it. It was almost ironic, being surrounded by multiple doors and windows, all of them perfect to make an escape, and knowing that he couldn’t use any of them.
“Steve, it’s been years since I’ve been in the closet,” Tony joked, trying to change the subject. And, judging by Steve’s unimpressed look, it still didn’t work on him. Tony sighed, staring into those blue eyes.
Tony twisted, turning to meet Steve’s gaze. “You’re serious,” he said, eyes narrowing as Steve nodded. “You really just want me to make shit up about the galaxy because you like hearing me talk.”
Riley was everything that he hated. He was loud and fast, talked like a hyena and smiled like a shark. He had a certain air about him – one that he’d notice again when first meeting Tony Stark – that had his metaphorical hackles rising. Growing up, there was always an unspoken rule about being wary of city folk. But, considering he grew up in an area that had a continuous history of being wary against people like him, he never paid in any mind. Besides, he’d met plenty of other people in basic training and while deployed that hailed from up North that he never had any issues with. But he did with Riley.
The group of men turned towards the sound of the voice. There, Jo Schmidt was standing silhouetted in the bank’s broken window. Schmidt ran over to Steve, bouncing like an excited puppy. “Cap, Cap! Aren’t you curious on how I got up here?” Schmidt almost shouted as he pointed to what looked like rocket boots.
him. Knowing that they were down there, trying desperately to claim some semblance of revenge, delivering payback of Tony's pain one punch at a time, had Tony's blood pumping and heart singing with a newly discovered viscous pride.
Steve nodded, changing course. This wasn’t a surprise either. Tony had taken to Clint’s side the instant he was back up walking around, as if a child nurturing an injured bird.
They waited a few more seconds, trying to see if they could piece together any parts of a conversation, but stopped when they heard more blasts. The tunnels seemed to shake around them, the pair almost feeling the heat each blast gave off.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Barnes said, even as the car jolted forward with increase speed, the driver changing lanes to adjust to their new course. “What the hell could he be doing there?”
Steve shook his head, his heart beating erratically. “That’s not possible,” he whispered. “Tony was in the warehouse with me; we'd already been taken at that point. There was no way that he could have sent that email.”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket, sitting down at a park bench to watch the show. With a few taps on his phone, he waited.
It was like thinking about smoking. There are thousands of articles, books, even stories about smoking. About how bad it is; about how it kills. It’s not like people aren’t aware of the implication; the evidence is everywhere. But people still line up every morning in the convenience store to get a fresh pack of cigs anyway.
“Relax,” Natasha soothed. “I’ll start with the interrogations, you go see if the lab has anything leads, ok?”
“Steven,” Zola responded, calm as always. “It’s so good to see you. And look, you brought your loyal bloodhound.”
Bucky winced, but it was hard to argue with Stark. If what Sam said was true, and the SSR files were stolen, there’s no telling what else was waiting for them. There was a chance that they were still in the act, just camping out at one of the locations until Steve showed up, just to gun him down. And even if they weren’t, the thefts of Steve’s last bargaining chip would be more than enough to set the man off to do something stupid again. He didn’t exactly have the best track record for dealing with surprises, so of course Steve not answering his phone would be enough to make him worry. Bucky was just glad that Stark seemed to be in the same boat as him. Even better for him, Stark had a way of getting Steve to listen to him. Benefit of giving good dick, he supposed.
," Tony paused, taking another shaking breath. "I realized that I was part of a system that is comfortable with zero accountability. I had my eyes opened. And I- "
“That’s it!” was all the response Tony heard before chaos erupted. Magic spilled from Wanda’s hands, raising Pietro’s plate before smashing the meal into the boy’s face. Pietro didn’t have time to react before Wanda was leaping across the table, trying to land a decent punch.
Tony’s jaw clenched. He opened his mouth his give a snarky retort, but Romanoff stepped in. “Then you can talk to me. The way I see it, you have a few options. Option A,” she said nodding to The Captain, “is I let The Captain beat you to a pulp, until you’re begging for a bullet in your brain. Or, Option B,” she continued, pointing at Tony, “where Stark here gets you on the wanted list of every known government, putting you on the run until you find yourself screaming for mercy in some shitty Russian gulag. And of course, just because I’m feeling generous, you can have Option C, which is me. You tell me everything I need to know, and I’ll make sure Bonnie and Clyde over here won’t become a problem for you.”
Unfortunately, he was going to have to choose one or the other. While they're partnership was in its early phases, Justin was more than happy to sit on the sidelines, only providing the occasional mercenary or bank deposit when asked. They had all been on the same side - sure, they each wanted something specific, but in order to accomplish them, they shared a common goal: the end of Tony Stark and The Commandos. But now, after this discussion with Stane, Justin could see the bridge that they'd built had collapsed; unfortunately for him, he'd let Stane and Pierce hold on to the reins for too long that he didn't see the rifts that were forming. His other partners were playing a different game, one with a more dangerous stake, and for the first time, Justin wasn't sure he wanted to participate. But something told him that he wasn't going to be able to bow out of this one.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sam snapped, immediately coming to her defense. Red flags started to flash in her head and she looked back towards the elevator. It was coming up.
“Keep me updated,” Steve said with a small nod, leading Tony out of the elevator and to the kitchen of the common floor where the rest of the team had already dug into their latest meal.
“I wouldn’t worry to much about that,” Steve replied. “Buck and I seem to have no problem making a mess out of everything on our own.”
Steve glanced over to an equally suspicious looking Thor, but Natasha cut in. “Relax, guys. JARVIS is a computer. He runs the house.”
“Jesus!” he shouted, grabbing onto Clint before he could stumble over. “What the hell has gotten into you?”
“We all do,” Steve responded. He followed Tony out, but pulled the man back before he could walk up the stairs. Tony looked at him with wide eyes as Steve stroked a thumb over his hand. “Thank you,” he said softly. “This means the word to him that you did this.”
he said. God only knows why I listened to him; it killed me every time he’d come back in like he’d walked through hell himself. It wasn’t until a few months later when the guy chased Cap into the street and started wailing on him right out in the open. But then the cops showed up, arrested the man. Turns out, the guy was a felon on house arrest. As soon as he stepped outside, he broke through the radius on his ankle bracelet and that got him sent to jail. I remember asking him why he did it, how he knew. Captain said he wasn’t good to his family. The guy beat his wife. Kids too. The cops didn’t know that when they put him on house arrest. But Cap found out. He let the guy beat the shit out of him for months to keep him away from his family, egging him on until he got angry enough to step outside and break his parole. I never questioned him again. Because it doesn’t matter if I agree with him, or I think his plan is stupid. It doesn’t matter. Because I trust him. I trust that he knows what the hell he’s doing, and that he’ll get the job done. He hasn’t let any of us down yet; I know he never will. So, no. We’re not going. Because no matter how mad he makes me, or how I feel about his stupid ass decisions, I’m gonna stand by that man to the end of the line. Even you should be able to respect that.”
Before he could change his mind, Tony pressed down on the buzzer, sending a signal to Steve. It was moments later when he heard the front door lurch open, feet pounding up the stairs.
His relationship with the gang leader was getting too deep, too involved; Tony was in over his head. But it wasn’t just him. Tony had almost called Barton by his first name today. And that’s not even getting started on his quick formed bond with Bruce. The whole team was becoming to familiar to him.
, it’s yours.” When Bucky didn’t answer, Tony pushed on. “I’ve been working with Bruce so we can get it attached to your nervous system. If our math is right, and let’s be honest here, it always is, you shouldn’t be able to tell which one is made of metal. And, I mean, the possibilities are endless. This is just the prototype, but I figured that you would want one as soon as possible. It might carry a little heavier; I haven’t had the right alloy shipped in yet, but I promise, that-
He could see Barnes’s head loll to the side, Tony immediately grabbing at his shirt and shaking him. “Don’t you dare fall asleep, Barnes! Your lazy ass has to help me.”
He was sure that the miniature arc reactor would be just what they needed – of course, perfecting the design required a test subject. And unless anyone else showed up at his door with a chest covered in shrapnel, Tony was the only chance they had.
“And you, Mr. Stark, are ridiculous.” Pepper glided over and grabbed Tony by the collar, yanking him towards the elevator like an exasperated mother with an unruly child. “Gentlemen, I’ll return him later this afternoon.”
