Charlie nods. The only monster beating Dean was John himself but she wasn’t about to tell that to Sam. “She sounds like a saint.”
Dean runs through his plan again before he shakily says, “Uncle Bobby?”
John’s arms cross as he shifts his feet. “She won’t figure it out. She’s a good kid, but not that smart.”
“Don’t forget to update the journal with the notes I left you. We’ll need it tomorrow.” John grabs the bag and walks to the passenger door of Jeff’s truck. “Let’s get going, you can debrief me on the way.”
“Call me Bobby, kid. Mr. Singer makes me sound so old.” He lets a smile escape the corner of his mouth as he pulls up a chair for Mary to stand on while he cooks.
“Well, it’s not, Sam.” Dean takes a deep breath. “I’m trans, so if that changes your perception of me, then fuck you.”
“Funny,” Crowley says, brushing some blood from his suit. “Mary did say she didn’t care for him. Too... what’s the word. Desperate.”
“Yeah, uh,” Dean stumbles out of the back door. “Yup!”
“Leave my girl alone, Jeff.” John opens the impala door. “If she doesn’t kill you then I will. Are you ready to go?”
Dean laughs softly. “I’m not going to say, ‘Sorry I don’t have a dick but you can still suck me dry’ to my own brother.”
Dean jumps at the use of his chosen name. “How do you know that?”
Sam holds his hands up in a surrendering position. “I’m just worried!”
Dean quirks a brow. “Alright then, Crowley, why do you care?”
“Lesbian.” Dean says automatically. Charlie looks sharply at him.
“I know a runner when I see one.” Charlie leans on the hood of the car. “Like notices like, and whatnot.”
John moves to the back of the Impala and starts loading the car. Bobby is shocked. Did John not have any faith in his little girl’s abilities? Bobby storms back into his house to find Mary in the kitchen packing up a few sandwiches.
Benny nods. “We’ll make a great team when you decide to not kill me, brother.”
“Bobby, this is Charlie Bradbury. Charlie, this is my Uncle Bobby.” A gravelly voice says.
Dee sits in the principal’s office, leather jacket creaking as she crosses her arms.
Sam nods and opens the passenger door. “Still can’t believe Bobby gave you the Impala my dad lost.”
“Heya, Bobby. It’s Dean.”
December 3, 1984
Mary does as she’s told and her cold naked body sinks into the bed. John moves to unbuckle his pants with one hand.
“What?” She asks.
Whatever monster that was doesn’t scare her because she knows John Winchester is the real monster.
“Mary already opened her gifts while we were waiting for you, Sammy.”
Dean smiles. “You know, for a hunter you’re very jumpy.” She grabs a couple of the drinks and moves them to the table. “We might want to wait here for a few more minutes.”
“Two,” Dean swallows before shifting his feet. “Benny got the third one, I guess.”
“Fuck you.” he smiles and jumps out the window.
She can’t go by Mary anymore. She can’t hear that name without thinking about...that. She doesn’t even feel like being Mary, let alone being a girl right now. She remembers how that gay couple told her that it’s okay to be gay but what about being a different gender? She doesn’t feel like a girl, especially after that night. What about...is a name change too much?
Dee perks up. “You can do that?”
August 12, 2007
Bobby closes his door and starts the car. “Call me Bobby, Cassie.”
“Says the person with an array of weapons in his trunk.”
“Not to spoil the moment or anything, but I’m kinda hungry. How about to tell Stanford you’re going while I make us some sandwiches.”
“Apparently a nephew of mine.” Bobby sits down with his food again. “He called out of nowhere saying he was left with my phone number.”
Dean nods and takes a shaky breath in. “I just want him to be proud of me. I was never good enough for him, you know? Even when…” Dean pushes his fist into the counter. “There was always something wrong, you know?”
The bracelet shines in the sun that betrays the feeling of gloom in the graveyard. Bobby turns it and reads the engraving inside the bracelet .
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, right.”
Mary brushed her hair and started to braid it back when John stepped into the bathroom of the motel. He stops in place before turning pale. Mary turns to face him, half a braid done.
They laugh as Charlie’s stomach growls. “You’re paying.”
Mary looks out the window at Freddie and Kevin as they pass them. “Okay, daddy.”
“No problem,” he said. He didn’t finish his food, his appetite gone with the knowledge of Dean being alive and having to keep that from Sam. Hopefully Dean explains it to Sam when he comes, because Bobby is not looking foreword to that conversation.
Mary sits up, rubbing the back of her neck. “What do you mean you’re trying to help me? Aren’t you just looking for a deal?”
Bobby nods. “Of course, Cassie. Here, hop in. John and Sam are going to go on a hunt. Apparently it’s a small one but I don’t expect them to be back until Saturday or Sunday.”
Sam laughs and catches up to her, taking her in his arms before heading to their room number.
Charlie sighs. “Dean, John is a fucking demon. I don’t care if he isn’t a physical demon, he is the literal worst.”
Crowley walks away and imitates the sound of the Impala starting up before he hides. John runs out of the shed and screams before going back in the shed. He emerges after a few minutes and starts up Jeff’s truck before speeding away. Crowley laughs softly. He’ll be king of hell soon and he can’t wait for John to arrive there. He has some plans for him already.
“John is going to be there.”
“Good. That’s good.” Dean looks down at his watch. “I’m going to hang out with Cassie tonight. I’ll probably sleep over at her place.”
Dee sits up to face her. “I just...I’ve always felt wrong being a girl. It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“You fucking stink, Jaba.” Charlie changes the channel on the TV.
“On the count of three, you two get the hell out of dodge. My keys are still in Baby.”
John sighs. “Mary, we talked about this. You have to learn how to cook and clean before I even think of teaching you how to hunt.” Like he would ever teach her. She’s a woman, she has to take care of the home because Mary is gone.
“Kill them how?” Dean grabs the paper from him and reads through the few names on the list. “I can pretty much send them back to hell, anything else I haven’t figured out yet.”
Gill smiles at her, tears starting to form in his eyes. “Okay, sweetie. Let’s go get this water to your family.” He stands up and grabs the bag and pitcher.
Crowley holds his hand out so Dean can take the keys to the Impala. “Because, if John loses you, he’ll never stop hunting for me leaving Sam to be in the care one Robert Singer. It would only be for a few months before he’s off to college- and no, I can’t help him get into college.”
She can’t do this. She can’t look at John the same after this. She covers her mouth to quiet the crying.
“Well, not now, obviously. We took a cab here. But it’s back at the hotel.”
“What did she get you, Sam?”
Sam nods.
“Well,” she starts. “Shawn wanted to be called Samantha, so please be courteous of her last wish.”
“Bobby, I can’t come back.”
“I like to think she sent Jess to me.”
Mary reaches a hand out to trace her lips, the same lips John bit a week and a half ago. She remembers him telling her that she was such a pretty girl, so lovely, Mary-
“I’m trying to become the king of hell. If you just happen to run into any demons on this list-“ he pulls out a sheet of paper. “-then I need you to kill them.”
Bobby sighs. “I know. I understand.”
Mary wakes up and cries because of how bright it is.
“Dean, are you crazy?” Sam takes a deep breath in. “You’re always the one saying monsters don’t have any humanity- that they all should be killed! And, what, this one vampire is the exception?”
As he unlocks the Impala, a voice calls from behind him. “Sweet ride!”
“Is that Shakespeare?” Bobby asks when he returns it.
Mary starts at a new school on a Monday. The school year is almost over, but that’s fine with her because she already knows everything being taught. She’s so far ahead, she should be moved up a grade but she stays back for John’s sake. Mary sighs.
Charlie throws her arms across her chest. “Sam, not to make you seem like a narcissist, but Dean does have a life outside of you. I don’t know much about his relationship with Benny, but I do know that they enjoy each other’s company. That’s all I can really ask for, you know?”
She starts to go back up the stairs but turns backs while Sam starts up another argument with John. “Uh, Uncle Bobby? I need your help getting my bag, it’s, uh, too high for me to reach.”
The two sit in silence until they reach the hotel. “You know,” Dean starts. He takes a breath in. “Sam’s not a runner. He faces his problems head on. Hec won’t stop until we kill that son of a bitch.”
Crowley is a low level demon and kills his competitors to become King of Hell, change my mind. (I don’t remember anything about any season before 14, 15x20 destroyed those memories for me)
Dee brushes her hair back and walks out the door. She arrives at school by 8am.
August 2, 2006
Dee stops breathing. Maybe that’s what has been wrong this whole time. Maybe if she became a boy, her dad would listen to her and appreciate her.
Bobby nods, tears gathering in his eyes.
Dee stares at Cassie in shock.
“I want to go to Stanford, Mary.” Sam sits back on the bed.
“Mary? Are you alright?” Bobby sounded worried over the phone Mary had in her hand. “Be honest with me, girl-“
“So what kind of monster is it, sir?” She asks and she sets her bag down on one of the beds.
“Your brother,” Sam sighs. “Fine. I’ll give him a few months. If he doesn’t tell me by, uh, let’s say my- my birthday then you’ll have to tell me.”
Crowley nods. “What if I can guarantee Sam will be safe? How old is he, anyway? Does he know about the abuse?”
“Don’t think, cher.” Benny opens the door. “Sam, great of you to join us. Can I try explaining why Dean is upset?”
“Then explain it to him.” Benny moves a hand to make Dean look at him. “I don’t understand what’s holding you back.”
“Sure am.” Jeff says. He pats the impala’s roof. “You sure you want to take two cars? I’m sure if we both go in mine we’ll be alright.”
“Done.” Dean tucks the Journal into his pocket, making sure all of his things stay in the room. “What else?”
Mary shrugs. “He dropped me off here. He’s probably at the motel with my little brother. He’s five.”
“Hannah, what exactly happened to Shawn?” Sam asks, concern edging his voice.
Hannah’s eyebrows shot up. “Oh, well, she was over one day and while I was trying in dresses for homecoming, she told me she always wanted to wear a dress. We were the same size so I let her try mine on. When she saw herself in the mirror she broke down. It took awhile but she finally told me how she felt like a woman and not a boy.”
“You made a fake by yourself?” Dean looks at her in amazement.
Charlie doesn’t know how to react. “Well that…that’s good. I’m going to go get, uh, napkins.”
“You almost done, Mare?” John calls from the bed. Mary looks up from the bathtub she was cleaning.
Sam studies the envelope, wondering what it could be. He opens it to find a few pieces of paper. The first one is a bank statement for a few hundred thousand dollars in his name. He looks up at Bobby quickly.
Charlie leaps out of the car. “Let’s do it, Kirk!”
John glares at Dean while she collects the wrapping paper. “You’ve talked about it nonstop the entire summer, how could I not?”
“Told who what?” Dean grumbles, tightening his arm around Benny’s chest.
Charlie raises her eyebrows and looks away from Dean. “Smelling like Chewbacca more than ever, though.”
“I’ll shower in a second.” Dean grumbles, whipping up some quick soup for lunch. “I’m a working man, I’ll shower when I want.”
Bobby stands up to answer it as Sam wipes his tears away. Cassie stands at the door, her dark hands rubbing together outside of her white coat. “Heya, Bobby.”
“No, Bobby,” Dean shouts. “I could have waited! Once Sam left for college I could have left with him or- or- or literally anything else!”
Bobby pulls up a chair next to him. “You know, I’m old but I ain’t senile yet.”
“It’s not Dad’s car,” Dean says, taking Charlie’s hand. “It’s a fake Crowley set up for me. I have the real one with me.”
“John, I don’t know why you’re forcing him to do something he clearly doesn’t want to do.”
Crowley walks over and circles Dean. “My, you’re looking manlier than ever. That red head site knows her stuff, eh?”
“Yeah, you say it.” Dean flips open the Hunter’s Journal. “But hearing Sam completely ignore her last wishes of being a woman hurts, you know?”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean hits the dashboard before looking at Benny, rage in his eyes. “Shut up about my dad! You have no right! None! You don’t know how it was growing up and making sure Sam had everything he wanted while I was kicked down every time I asked why I had to do something!”
“No, daddy!” Mary almost yells, wincing at the noise she made. “I won’t lie anymore, sir. I’m sorry. I guess the ghost messed with my memory, huh?”
“Agent Smith,” Dean addressed Sam. “Do you mind if I talk with Hannah alone for a moment?”
“You just have to be you, Dean.” Bobby tears up. “That’s all you have to be. Is this Testosterone dangerous?”
“No, you’re fine, ma’am.” Dee looks up at her. “I was just wondering what you were hiding. But you don’t have to say it if you don’t want to.” She quickly adds on.
“Now, Mary, don’t be so mean to me, I thought we had a connection. Please, call me Crowley.”
“Sir?” Dean stands up and looks at John’s face for a second before looking down at his boots. “Is it alright if you leave the journal here so I can add more information about Wraiths I found?”
Hannah’s eyes tear up. “She was stabbed next me while we were waiting for a cab a year ago.”
“You bitch!” He throws a towel at her as she laughs away. He chuckles to himself before turning back to the stove. He’s not ready to see John again but, goddamnit, he’s ready to see Sammy again even if it’s last time.
January 24, 2001
“We get it, you can get some while I wallow in the desert.”
She takes a breath in before stepping into the bathtub to wash away the evidence before they go back to Uncle Bobby’s house tomorrow.
“Sam,” John says roughly. “Why don’t you open your last gift from me?”
Charlie frowns. “Fine. I guess.”
Jess smiles softly. “I’m sure she’s watching from heaven.”
Bobby looks up from his beer. “You sure that’s a good idea? She’s six years old.”
Benny smiles and closes his eyes before Dean slices through the rest of his neck. The hounds take that opportunity to lunge at him and before he can process their movement, he can feel the dogs pull apart every muscle from his chest and stomach. He screams until he’s hoarse and the beasts start dragging his body away from Benny’s. Dean tries to claw his way back, to see Benny’s face one last time, but the hounds yank on his leg so hard, some of the muscle strips off his bone. As the hellhounds feast on his body, he feels an odd sense of relief wash over him.
Dean laughs. “Easy for you to say, vamp.”
“Dean is…” Charlie pauses. She really needs to let Dean tell the rest of it, but she’ll at least hint to Sam about who Dean is to him. “Well, he’s not actually my biological brother.”
Sam nods. A few moments pass before Sam asks, “Did dad call?”
“‘All monsters are abominations.’” Dean recites from memories of John beating it into his memory. “Rule numero uno for hunters. It’s not personal, man.”
“How many are there?” Charlie asks.
“We’ll talk in the car, Sam.” Charlie grabs Sam’s keys from the nightstand. “If he’s right, we don’t have long until they’re here.”
Bobby leaves the room as Dean hits Sam with a pillow. “No, bitch, it’s for my friend Cassie. I was supposed to visit her today but it’s okay, I’ll visit when I come back.”
“Jessica!” Sam says, trying to stand up. “She’s still in there. We have to get her, Dean, please.”
Dean sighs welty, tears gathering in his eyes. “Is it bad that I just want to sit with Benny for a while and try to forget this ever happened?”
Mary cries out again, trying to nod but can’t breathe. She tries to move John’s hand from her throat but he only grips harder.
Jeff exits his car and looks Dean up and down. “So, what’s your name? Are you a hunter, too?”
“What if…” Dean swallows hard. “I just…”
Charlie turns onto Bobby’s street. “She sounds like a great sister. I’m sure she loves you very much.”
“Thanks, man.” Sam points up to the second floor. “He’s in room 32. Go ahead and knock, I’ll be across the hall.”
Dean scoffs. “Is that supposed to scare me? So a dad beats his son a little, no harm no foul. Dad rapes me once and there’s no one. No one to intercede: no angels, no demons, no nothing. Second time I expect something to change. For someone to see how wrong it is. I tried fighting it one year and he threatened to beat my brother. I don’t have a fucking choice.”
“Shit!”
Dean turned to find Crowley standing against the Impala. “Hello, Crowley.”
Dean holds her breath as she pauses in her collection of the tissue paper. John’s jaw twinges under the force of his anger.
“Let’s go, bitch!” Charlie yells from outside the house. Dean laughs and grabs his bags.
Bobby sighs and takes a long sip of his beer. “John says they’ll be a couple of days. I already called the school for Sam.”
“Force of habit.”
“Your roommate can make fake ID’s?”
“It ain’t going to eat itself, idjit.”
John scoffs. “Now, you’re making things up, huh, Mare? I guess I shouldn’t bring you on any more hunts if you’re going to lie to me.”
July 21, 2006
“How should I kill him?” Bobby asks, voice rough and low.
“Mary, dear, I’ll take Sam. Why don’t you go with Mr. Gill and get some water?” Mrs. Patty looks at her husband who nods and holds out his hand. Mary holds Sam a little tighter. “Mary, please, your daddy needs some water. Why don’t you go get him some?”
Benny is silent in the passenger seat. He folds one leg on the Impala’s bench and stretches an arm towards Dean. Dean takes Benny’s hand in his before continuing.
“No spoilers!” Dean yells over his shoulder as Charlie walks out of the kitchen. “I haven’t read the fourth one yet!”
She takes her mug and makes her way upstairs to her and Sam’s room. She sets the card on the nightstand, slipping a twenty in place of the check in case John or Sam come in and see it. She grabs her overnight bag and packs up her things, keeping the check in her bra in case John flips out and goes through her things. Dean grabs the box she stashed in Sam’s things and sets it in the bottom of her bag. Cassie is going to love it.
“You’re right,” Dean sighs. “Okay, I have to go now. I’m in room 32 and Sam’s across the hall. Benny is around here, somewhere. He stayed over last night.”
“What?!”
Dee stands up. “Yes, sir, I was just packing up my things. I’ll have everything for you tomorrow. I’m sorry, again.”
“Know what?” She asks, tissue coming up to wipe her tears.
Sam nods again. “I think I’ll visit Mary later if you want to come.”
“I wanted to.” Dean rushes out. “I really did. I couldn’t do that, though. I would have to tell Sam everything and he doesn’t need that on his plate.”
“Yeah, just like some guys turn into girls and girls turn into guys. You can do it, but not a lot of people like it when it happens.” Freddie grabs Kev’s free hand and gently rubs it.
***Very Triggering, this is your last warning. Don't worry, everything here and more will be alluded to in later chapters : ) ***
“Jess!” Sam tries to reach her but Dean grabs him and forces him to leave the room and Jessica behind.
Mary smiles. “Thanks, Uncle Bobby. I’ll keep that in mind.”
Crowley turns and heads to a small red car at the end of the lot. Dean opens the driver door and gets in. He starts the engine and drives, not looking back to see the fire engines arrive.
Bobby falls to the floor. “We buried you.”
Crowley tuts. “Mind reading is a higher demon's power. You know, I’m sure your dad wouldn’t mind if you told him you’re trans.”
Benny nods and meanders back to Dean’s room. When he gets there, he can hear Dean sobbing.
“So Sam is transphobic?” Charlie asks over the phone after Dean’s freak-out.
Benny shrugs. “If he walks on two feet…”
November 7, 2000
Sam scoffs. “Dean, I am a man who grew up in locker rooms, I’ve seen dicks before. I have a break on the case.”
“Daddy, get off! You’re hurting me!”
Dean tries to shoo Benny out the window of the second floor room. Benny shoots Dean an incredulous look.
Dean ends up sleeping over at Cassie’s house that night, earning him a beating from John but he couldn’t be happier.
Dean stares at him for a few minutes, neither one of them moving a muscle. After about six minutes, Dean slowly lowers his weapons. “What have you got?”
Dean laughs. “After that bj I gave you yesterday, you’re really calling me brother? I thought you were from Louisiana not Alabama.”
“Now, Mary!”
The hellhound starts to run at them and Charlie pulls Sam out the door to the backyard.
“Yeah.” She says. She crosses her arms. “Now you.”
May 1, 2001
Charlie leans to talk through the driver side window. “If we’re going to be roommates we need to get to know each other. Now get in! I know a place in Detroit where we can get trashed.”
“Dean?” San asks groggily.
“We can. You just have to give us until Friday.” Principal McDonald flips his calendar open. “You can take tomorrow and Wednesday off and come back on Thursday and Friday to take the tests and get your diploma.”
Sam sighs and pinches his nose. “Dean, I’m not your brother, but I do care for you like one. Just be safe, okay?”
“What?” Sam looks over at Dean who has a death grip on the wheel.
“Yeah, well, I’ll answer if you do.”
Dean hangs up and punches the bed before he stands. “Fuck.”
Dean covers his face with his hands and rolls off Benny. “Don’t fucking remind me, Benjamin!”
“This is…” Sam starts to cry. “It’s not fair, Uncle Bobby. She had so much ahead of her and- and-“
Dean sprints outside the house and expects to have a clear path to his Baby only to see Sam’s car in the driveway.
“I’m gonna take Mary on a hunt with me.”
“Come on, Sam,” Charlieleans down to look at him in the passenger seat. “If we don’t save Dean, you’ll probably never get to reunite with your sister.”
“Same tea, different kingdom.” Dean closes the door and heads downstairs.
“No, Robert,” She looked over her shoulder at him. “I just need some time alone. I’ll be back.”
“Hey,” Dean points at her. “We swore to never talk about the Francine Incident of ‘03.”
Dee was caught off guard. She pauses for half a second before continuing packing up her things. “My dad says they’re sick and they need to get better. He also told me about how gays dress up as women to trick normal guys into dating them or that the men will try to get close to kids while dressed up so they can rape them.”
Bobby sighs and looks down. “Yeah, maybe. He’s supposed to come back from a hunt today or tomorrow.”
Sam nods before passing out again. Dean sighs as he moves to the driver's seat.
Dee almost cracks her neck with how fast she looks up. “That doesn’t sound...right. You can do that? Just change gender like that?”
If John keeps hunting, these kids will be here more often. Bobby thinks about how John ignored his kids and went straight to shower. If he had kids, they would be the first thing he checked. Bobby walks to the kitchen to make a drink. He’ll stay here and wait to see if John ever checks up on Mary and Sam.
May 1, 2008
“No way!” Sam yells as he pulls out a couple of books from the wrapping paper he shredded. Dean smiles widely as she looks at Sam’s face. “You got me pre-law books, Mary? How did you know?”
TW to abuse, rape, homophobic language, transphobic implications, and an overall bad time.
“Samantha.”
Dean spots Benny’s prone body in the entrance of the bedroom. The two hellhounds stand a few feet away from him on the other side of the room. Dean bends down to see a piece of Benny’s neck missing. Benny opens his eyes.
Sam sends a quick prayer to God, asking Him to let Mary know that he loves her and to thank her for him.
Charlie frowns. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“The fake should have worked! I made it myself, of course it should have worked!” Charlie sighs. “Rat bastard.”
“Is that a hunter thing?” Cassie asks. “Dean explained some of it when he got rid of my, uh, ghost problem a few months ago.”
“The thing is, Sam,” Charlie tries not to look at him while she drives towards Bobby’s place. “Dean did make a deal.”
“Like what, Dean?” Sam us confused. He gets out of the car and watches Dean almost run to his room. He sighs.
“Exactly,” Sam says. He closes the notebook and stands. “Well, I should say gay people don’t bother me as much anymore. Some people at Stanford that I know are gay- or, well, gay-curious. They’re nice people.”
He cuts through the hair easily. He holds the braided piece in his hand. Almost a foot of hair just gone. Just like that. Dean starts to laugh.
Sam doesn’t know what to say. “I’m...I’m sorry, Dean, I didn’t know. I’ll try to be better.”
“Shit…”
“‘lo?”
Bobby notices. “What did your dad do?”
Charlie nods, waiting to see if he’ll say more. Dean flips the sandwich in the pan and the sizzle fills the silence.
He sets his blade down and punches the counter, talking a shaky breath in.
Dean shoves the demon and books it out the door, grabbing the keys from her pocket as she runs. She feels a hand on the back of her jacket before she’s pulled down the Hall back into the room.
“Jane, your mother wants to take you this week because her and Kevin will be gone this weekend.” She reaches out to tuck a hair behind Jane’s ear. “We’ll do something fun this weekend, okay?”
“Uh, yeah, Benny, he’s here. He’s packing though. I think I made him upset but I don’t know how.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean laughs. He folds the paper again and starts out the door.
Cassie smiles as she closes the distance between them. “I would say hurry up and kiss me, Dean.”
“Well, let’s keep it that way. And I’ll do this pro Bono, darling. I’ve taken a liking to you, Winchester. You’re so full of rage it’s Devine.” Crowley stands up and looks around the room. “What do you say we fake your death by my hands and I pop you somewhere far away from here for a bit while I clean up loose ends?”
“Dean, that’s not-“
“Dad gave Sammy a gun and told him that he’s going to be a hunter.” Dean sniffs a couple of the eggnogs, looking for one that’s spiked.
Dean shifts from one foot to another. “I can also search more on other creatures and add to that for you so after this hunt, you don’t have to research about wraiths much. I was looking through the paper and saw something that could be a wraith not far from here.”
Dean frowns. “It’s not that easy.”
John recovers from the shock first, turning with his gun held steady. “Who the hell are you?”
Dee let’s put the breath she didn’t know she was holding. “Thank you, sir. I can do that.”
Sam snaps his head towards her. “What?”
“No kid should be raped year after year either but that doesn’t stop John from doing it.” Dean whispers. The presence moves to the back of his neck.
John squints. He looks at Dean before nodding. “Alright, that’s fine. Mary, be sure to fill her up for me so we can leave early tomorrow for that wraith case.”
“Nothing,” she says quickly. “I was just wondering if you’ve taken T yet. My friend's cousin's boyfriend’s uncle is trans and he has a shit ton of testosterone he’s supposed to take. He doesn’t anymore, something about microchips from Russia or something. The guy’s crazy.”
“Her?” Sam asks. “This is a guy, Dean.”
“It’s not ‘giving up,’” Dean pulls the car over before pressing his forehead into the steering wheel. “It’s...it’s needed. It’s my fucking job, Benny.”
“Yeah,” there’s a pause. “It’s a crazy fudging story, but I faked my own death.”
“He loved it.” Cassie takes a tissue to dab her eyes. “Just like I love writing. I hope you don’t mind, but is it okay if I go through his things? Just so I can have something of his?”
Mary closes her eyes as she rubs her head gently. “But you hit me last night, that’s how I got hurt.”
“Huh,” Sam says.
“Charlie!”
She stares into her own green eyes in the mirror before whispering a new mantra, “Your name is...your name is Deanna Winchester. You have a younger brother, Sam, who you take care of because your dad isa hunter. Your mom died at the hands of a demon which is why you have to take care of Sammy. You want your dad to be-“
“Yes, daddy.”
Bobby nods. “I’ve been noticing that he hits you. I don’t know how to help you-“
“Daddy, stop! You’re hurting me!” Mary yells. Her head hits the headboard with a loud crack before she blacks out.
“Daddy? Where’s mommy?” Mary asks as she runs towards him. John Winchester coughs loudly before trying to stand up.
Dean stands up and tackles Bobby in a hug. Bobby drops his beer to catch her- him. To catch him in his arms before Dean breaks down in tears. “Bobby, you know you’re more of a father to me than John ever was. Fuck outta here with the friends crap.”
Between the two of them, Charlie and Dean maneuver Sam onto one of the two beds in the room.
“What if your brother turns into your dad?” Benny raises a half smile on his face. “From what you’ve told me of your dad, Sam is the exact opposite.”
“What can I say,” Dean says, revving the engine. “I was able to fix her so I get to keep her.”
killed her and she haunts her aunt?”
“I want to go by Dean. Dean Robert Winchester.”
“Are you sure you want to go back there?” Charlie places a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “John is there.”
Dean’s blood freezes while the shower splashes on his back. “Oh? Was it a kink type of thing or a lifestyle?”
Dean nods before getting out of the Impala. He’ll have to do it soon.
John holds his gun firmer. “John Winchester. Now answer.”
Dean looks down. “It’s not that hard to do something a dying person asked.”
“Of course,” Dean says, shooting Sam a glare. “Can you tell us about how she died?”
Bobby takes a deep breath in. “Nah. No word from him yet. He’ll be back soon, though.”
He makes the call to them and then the bank so the deposit can go through. The real estate agent said the place was ready to move in and allowed Dean to move in before the deposit went through. He would get the keys from her tomorrow in Detroit but for now, he and Charlie were owners of an apartment. Someone he met no less than fifteen minutes ago.
Cassie sits up right away. “What makes you say that?”
“How?”
Dean looks in the mirror and starts to cry. His hair is choppy and is closer to a zombified mullet more than an actual close shave, but it doesn’t matter. Mary Deanna Winchester is dead.
“Who’s asking?” Crowley sticks his hands in his pockets.
“...Freddie, we should just tell them. How bad can it be?” The redhead says. The brunette one sighs as he looks at the two types of bread in his hands.
“Thanks.” She walks away and Dean heads over to Charlie and Sam.
“Beam me up, Scotty!”
Mary nods slowly as she takes a shaky breath in, trying not to look at her dad’s nakedness.
Ontario
“Neville makes out with Harry and Hermione officiates their wedding!”
Dee shifts her weight in the chair. “Look, Principal McDonald, I know There’s a month left. I would continue if I could, but I really need to start working, especially now. My dad was injured on the job last week so we have no income right now. I have to pick up more hours or another job to help him.”
Dean nods and walks out of the room, Crowley on his heels. “So where are you stashing me? I assume you’ll get a body double- an already dead-“ Dean gives Crowley a pointed look. “Body Double for the room?”
Sam balks for a few moments before grabbing his things and running after Charlie.
“I don’t…” Sam flips to the next page which is a letter. “Should I read it out loud?”
“Thanks, Charlie.” he looks at Bobby. “I thought your wife’s family doesn’t talk to you anymore.”
“I’m your nephew from Detroit. I’m visiting for the summer with my roommate, Charlie. We’ll get a hotel room when we come down. Probably for Sam’s birthday, I’m not sure.”
She took a deep breath and shook her head to clear the second hand embarrassment she got from reliving that mess. She turns, looking around the motel room. The clock reads 7:46am. Mary grabs her bag next to the bathroom and quickly splashes water on her face. She stares at the face in the mirror, not recognizing the overly feminine look she dons.
“Hello, darling. I’ve been waiting for you.” He says with a twang of an accent.
Dean huffs and turns back to the pot of tomato and rice soup. “See if I share any of my food with you ever again, your highness.”
Dean folds the paper and then writes Cassie’s address on the front. “Here, Bobby. Oh, can you also deposit this? It’s my last paycheck.” She hands Bobby the check he gave her. “I wrote down the numbers next to the address. Thanks again.”
“Boy?” Bobby’s voice took a soft, confused tone. Mary regretted letting that slip out but she hadn’t slept the past few days taking care of John. “Mary, are you..? I mean, do you-”
Dean sighs. “I don’t know how-“
“Tell me what?”
“Lucky for you, Dean-o, I have an extra demon blade.” Crowley hands Dean a long silver-looking blade. “But you didn’t get any of this from me.”
Charlie was at ComicCon and Sam was up north having some type of memorial for Jess’s birthday so he went on a hunt alone.
Sam squeaks out a ‘hey!’ and then pulls Dean into a headlock.
“Mary, no one deserves that.” Bobby says, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “No kid should be hit by their own parent.”
John nods and swallows the liquid. “That should be fine, Mary, but I want you ready for me when I get back. I’m going to the bathroom, I expect the car to be packed with everything by the time I get out.” He slams the glass down and heads to the bathroom.
Charlie shrugs. “Can’t hurt to ask. He lives near my mom’s old  house in Farmington Hills.”
“Ever since Dean told you he’s trans, you’ve been treating him with kids gloves.”
Dean looks around the room for a weapon but remembers that John took them all. She looks back at the man. “What do you want?”
Bobby takes the papers from Sam and looks them over. “Last I checked, this account had almost five thousand. I don’t know how it got to be almost a quarter of a million.”
Dean holds Sam as he dies in his arms. “Sammy?” Dean asks shakily. “Sam?”
“Fuck off,” Benny laughs. “Let’s fry these dogs up so I can show you what a real Cajun Lovin’ looks like, Dorothy.”
“You’re gonna help me,” Benny says in disbelief. “Didn't think that would work.”
“Mary,” Sam starts. “I know you like it, but maybe you should tell dad you don’t want to hunt.”
January 24, 2008
“He fought a ghost?” Bobby says, shocked that Dean took a risk like that.
Mary is sobbing when John finally leaves to go hunt whatever monster he tracked here. She slowly gets up, blood and semen dripping down her thighs as she shakily makes her way to the bathroom. She turns on the light to see her ghostly face. There is green starting to show on her neck from where John choked her. She checks her pulse to make sure she’s not dead and feels it slamming hard under the pressure of her fingers. Mary cries. Why is she still alive?
“I told you to call me ‘sir.’”
“Hmm.” Benny opens the paper and hands it to Dean. “He’s known as the Old Man. He turned back in the 50’s. I tried saving my girl at the time, Andrea, but he killed her. The town blamed it on me so I had to book it out of there. I’ve been in Scotland until a few weeks ago. The Old Man took over Andrea’s property so that’s where I was heading before you decided to gank me.”
Bobby shakes his head before he lets out a fast breath. “That’s really fast, actually. It normally takes three days minimum.”
“Easy there, Lassie.” Dean slowly reaches behind himself, grabbing a small can of something. “I’m right here.”
“I notice you kept staring at me earlier. Was there anything that I did to bother you? I’m sorry if there was.”
After checking into a shady motel, Dean grabs his switchblade and looks in the mirror. He sets the blade on the counter and then starts sectioning off his hair. He knows he’ll have to get actual clippers, but if he gets it as close as possible now he can worry about that later.
Dean turns back to the house. He can hear Charlie scream again and runs back inside. “Charlie? Sam?”
“Well, son,” Kelly pats Dee on the shoulder. “I’m proud of you, whether you’re a girl or boy. Any adult would be lucky to have you.”
Bobby reaches into a cabinet, pulling out a card. “Before I forget, I gotchu something. It ain’t much, but I figure you and Cassie can go to a nice place and get some rich guy’s attention.”
“Sorry, that caught me off guard. Um, why do you think I’m hiding something, Mary?”
“I think she is.” Sam opens the door for them. “I’m sure she would have liked you and approved of you becoming my future wife, Jess.”
“Not- she’s not- Mary…you’re the new mommy, sweetie…your mom, she’s-” John coughs again and rests his head against the ground. Mary looks towards the fire trying to see where her mom is.
“Something to eat, I’m starving!”
April 21, 1997
Mary reaches a hand up to where John hit her. “Yes, sir.”
“Why don’t you check your room?” Crowley smirks and walks out the door as John flails for his holy water.
“Yup.” Dean pops the ‘p’ at the end. “And?”
John spots Dean by the stairs by Sam. “Mary, pack your bag, we’re leaving.”
Dean throws a chair at the back door to close it. “Give ‘em hell for me!”
“I go by Deanna, not Mary.”
“...missing the last three homeworks still, Miss Winchester. I need you to turn them in by the end of the week and I won’t mark down any points for it being late. I’m concerned for your grade, that’s all.”
Dean and Benny are running into the hallway when a hound corners them.
Dean turns off the shower. He feels like he’s going to throw up. He wishes Benny was here. “From what you’ve told me, it seems like she was trying not to be a guy.”
“Plus with a face like that, you really don’t need anything else to mess it up.”
Dean shakes her head. “No! He doesn’t use me as bait. Jesus Christ, Sam, I just meant that you hate hunting. I actually enjoy it. So what’s the big deal if I get a little scratched? I’m fine so it’s fine!”
Benny frowns. “Dean, I’m going with you.”
John throws his hands out and looks around the room. Dean knows she’s made a mistake after she says, “Sam,” in a soft voice and the two other Winchesters glare at her.
‘At least my boobs are gone now,’ is his last thought before he wakes up chained to a table.
When John checks into the motel, he only orders one bed.
“Mary? How are you doing?” Gill sits across from her.
“Oh! Yeah, sure, Mary.” Bobby nods and heads up stairs with Dean.
“Thanks, Mr. Singer.” Cassie opens the door and jumps in.
Bobby gaps at him. “You wrote it? I thought John did.”
John stiffens. “What are you suggesting, Jeff? That you think I’ll ditch you?”
Dean nods and they sit in comfortable silence for a bit.
Sam stands up. “Hey, Cassie. How are you doing?”
“Happy Birthday, dear Dean!” Everyone sang. “Happy birthday to you!”
Freddie smacks Kev’s chest with his hand. “Did you, uh, need something?”
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean glares at Sam. “It does matter. She tried her whole life to be who she knew she was and within a couple seconds, you erase everything she built for herself.” Dean pulls into a parking space and gets out. “I’m leaving. I can’t deal with this if you’re going to be like that.”
Dean laughs. “She can. She just doesn’t know how to use them. We’ll plan for May 2nd, okay?”
Dee doesn’t answer. She can’t answer. If she tells this lady that she might be gay- or worse that she feels like a boy more than a girl - her dad will figure it out. “I...I don’t-“
Dean sits back in his chair. The safe-house Crowley gave him was located in Lakeshore, Ontario and he was bored out of his mind. He flipped burgers at the local diner and has a few thousand saved up now. He plans on getting back to the States soon, he just has to find a house. He goes back to the papers he printed for apartments in Detroit and finds a two bedroom one that’s not too bad. He’d need a roommate. He sighs before grabbing his keys. He needs to clear his head.
Sam sets his bag down at the table. “Dean who?”
John nods his head before looking down. “Yeah, sweetie. Do that. I’ll give Sam a quick bath then we’ll go.” He almost runs from the bathroom and Mary quirks an eyebrow before grabbing her bathroom bag from the counter.
Kelly was taken aback. How did a twelve year old girl recognize Kelly was hiding something. She realized she hadn’t responded for a few minutes.
Dean lays Sam on the floor as the building residents finish coming out of the building. “You okay? You’re not hurt, right?”
As Charlie steps out of the car, Sam calls her name.
Bobby nods. “Sure, kid. Gonna wish her a happy birthday?”
“John’s not here.” he whispers to himself. He picks up the knife again. “Just do it, pussy.”
November 2, 1983
Crowley pushes his tongue around his mouth, feeling somewhat ashamed but mostly feeling angry at himself for feeling so.
Charlie freezes for a second. “Oh? Wow, that’s, ha ha, that’s crazy.”
Sam laughs and shakes his head. “We’ll visit the friends first. Kimberly Slater, Terrance Oscarlee, and Hannah Arbeit. They’re the ones okay with the ghosts lifestyle. I think Hannah was the one who was closest to him.”
“What did you do!” John shoots again but Crowley moves out the way.
Bobby nods before walking toward the ever-growing noise from the living room. Dean folds the check and puts it in her bra. She’ll deposit most of it to Sam’s college fund she started and keep about a hundred just in case.
“Anything else you can do, Data?”
“Just like you did to me.”
“Get in the car, Mary!” John yells. Kevin and Freddie step back.
The door opens and Sam can hear voices. He stands slowly before meandering towards the door as quietly as he can. There’s a flash of red hair before he hears the voices clearly.
“Dean, seriously, the stubble is not going to magically fall off in the shower.” Charlie calls from the couch.
“Sounds like a plan, bitch.”
“I do wish her the best.” Kelly checks her watch to see that it’s 3:30. “Well, Mr. Willer, I must be on my way. I’m running late for a meeting of my own.”
Dee’s is the only kid in her class whose parents aren't here. Her dad could not get the day off work, or so she told her teacher. In reality, John has been gone almost two weeks working a few cases with some brother duo named Saul and Dan. While he’s gone, Dee has been taking care of Sam with the money John left for them. It’s just about out now. She’s resorted to taking the school lunch home to feed Sammy and eating whatever he doesn’t finish.
“So if you’re trying to make a deal for me to not have to deal with John anymore, suck balls, man. I won’t let Sam take the fall of what will happen.”
January 24, 1989
“But why?”
Her heart is going to explode. She knows it is about four seconds away from exploding and she still has Sam in her arms. Is Sam going to die because her heart will explode? Mary Deanna Winchester turns to look at her house, smoke and flames coming out of the top floor windows where she remembered her mom sat singing to her not even five hours ago.
“Alright, well, hurry up and heat up dinner.” John is looking through a few local newspapers trying to find anything about the supernatural. As he scans the paper from Sioux Falls, he finds an obituary about a guy who was burned to death. That sounds like what happened to Mary, John thinks. He digs around his duffle bag for a map and finds a route to the town. If they leave tomorrow morning, they would be able to reach the town by noon.
He thought it was a small nest of vampires but it turned out to be a serial killer. He located the guy and gave him to the cops within a day. Overall, it was a small trip and took about two days. The only thing that lengthened his stay in the nearby city of Lafayette was a guy named Benny.
“Dean, you’re not selfish for making a better life for yourself. That’s human nature.” Bobby stands up again, dragging a chair near the phone.
Dean and Benny laugh for a while, rolling in the sheets under the sunlight peeking in through the window of their room.
“Sam! Charlie!” Dean makes his way around the other side of the bed to check them both for injuries. “The hell are you guys doing here?”
“What?” Sam balks. “We won’t leave you here!”
“Testosterone? No, I don’t take any.” Dean pauses. “Do you think that uncle will give it to me?”
Sam laughs. “Go ahead. See if she can come down, we might need her to talk to the aunt.”
“I’ll ask for two things in return for getting your new life set up.”
The demon shrugs. “Well, yeah, but I’ve been keeping my eyes on you Winchesters to see if the golden ticket was true or not. Turns out, John’s success wasn’t because of himself but because of you.” He steps closer to Dean. “So tell me, why does an intelligent girl like you stay with a drunken lowlife like your dad?”
Benny smiles. “Then tell him how you feel, you repressed cowboy.”
“Dean,” Benny takes a step forward. “Explain it to him.”
“It’s not my place to say.”
She runs back inside and quickly packs everything she has. She’s finally leaving. She has the journal and the car, she’ll be fine. She slings the bag over her shoulder and turns to see a man leaning on the door of the room.
“Technicalities.” Crowley waves his hand. “I want you to keep that journal out of John’s hands.”
“Almost, daddy.” She looks down and continues to scrub.
“Them?” Sam asks. “I can see one set of footprints because of that flour you threw at it.”
“Can you drop this off at Cassie’s and tell her I can’t make it? Please?” The words rush out and she holds her breath.
He starts to open the door but turns around to look at her one last time. “Oh, and if you tell anyone this happened, I’ll make sure they won’t find the body.”
“You know, Crowley, this sounds too good to be true. How do I know you’ll keep Sam safe?”
“I’ll drink to that.” Bobby lifts his drink to Dean’s before taking a gulp. “Guess I should break it up before I have to buy any new furniture.”
Bobby shoots a look at Dean. “Yup. I’ll show them around the Yard while you finish up your work. John should be back soon.”
Sam doesn’t know how to react. Bobby is devastated at the funeral. John stares at the ground where they bury an empty coffin like it pissed in his coffee.
“She was the best.” Sam looks out the window so Charlie doesn’t have to see him tear up. “She looked exactly like my mom, according to dad. I remember how she always helped me with homework and cooked meals for me after school. She always wore her hair in a braid. She also protected me from dad whenever he tried to teach me to hunt. I remember one time she was sick and stayed in her room for a week and I learned how to shoot with my dad. I was about 6 at the time. I hated it.”
As the three shopped, Mary could tell that Freddie and Kevin were closer than they say. She’s seen enough of the parents at school that she can tell they love each other. As they walk out of the store with their bags, Mary asks, “So how long have you two been together?”
“Sorry, I forgot.” Sam shrugs. “It doesn’t really matter, though, because he’s dead!”
“Dad-”
“Yes,it went well, Jared.” She smiles and starts towards the door. “Deanna just had a few questions about being a school counselor, like me. I hope I gave her enough motivation to do well in school.”
Sam raises an eyebrow and looks back to his work. Weirdos.
Normally, Sam got the most gifts, next being John, then Uncle Bobby. Mary usually opened her gifts before Sam came down, which was weird but at this point it was tradition. Mary wasn’t here anymore, though, so Sam’s secret gift to her would never be opened.
“You don’t need to be a man, Mary.” He walks over to her and squeezes her shoulder. “You just have to be yourself. Why do you need to prove yourself to your daddy?”
“Yeah, Sam?” Charlie looks up from the Goblet of Fire book she is reading.
Sam leans against the wall. “What?”
“No, that’s not…” Kelly sighs. “I’m not hiding anything from Jane. I was hiding something from the class. Not a lot of people know this but...Dear, what do you think of people who are gay?”
Freddie turns to face Mary as she approaches. “Oh, hello, dear.”
Dee starts. “What makes you say that?”
Dean jumps when Charlie opens the passenger door and climbs in. “What are you doing?”
He smiles. “No problem, Miss Winchester. By Friday is okay, too.” Dee runs out of the room, already late to pick up Sam. “Miss Trinnison, I hope everything went alright?”
“Sam,” Dean says, voice rough. “It hurts knowing that you won’t take the time to do something someone wanted. You may not understand it, but it’s very important to me that you allow people to make their own choices and to respect them.”
“Will do. Take care.” Bobby hangs up and looks at Sam. “Dean is coming to visit us sometime in May.”
Bobby sits alone at the table with a plate of leftovers. Sam left for school at eight and it’s just about lunchtime for Bobby. He turns on the 2pm soaps and gets ready to eat. His phone rings just as he lifts up his fork for a bite. Grumbling, Bobby answers the phone.
Dean grips the steering wheel briefly before covering his face with his hands. “You don’t have the right to tell me that making that demon deal was a mistake. If I had the chance to do it again, I would. No hesitation. He’s my brother, Ben. He’s like my own kid, with how much I raised him.”
Mary- no. Deanna. No, that doesn’t sound right either. She scrubs a hand down her face and sighs. Dee. Dee works.
“Yeah, well, I just wished my sister could have seen this.” Sam says, pulling out his keys, Mary’s old switchblade is his keychain. “Without her, I don’t think I would’ve been here to see this or meet you.”
“Should I ask him to join us?” Dean asks as they drive off. “He got his degree and is interning with some hotshot lawyer. I don’t want to ruin his life.”
“See?” Benny points at Sam and looks at Dean. “Right there! You keep referring to Samantha as a man. She is a woman!”
Dean is shocked. He didn’t expect that question nor did he expect Bobby to not blink an eye at him killing his own dad.
Dean laughs. “See you soon, Charles.”
Benny nods. “I’ll see if I can calm him down.”
Dean sighs. “If we’re going to Detroit, I’m not coming back here. Get your stuff. I’ll make the call for the apartment and to quit my job.”
“Sam, if I were to tell you that Dean knows what happened to Mary, what would you say?”
“You do know that’s going to quicken the count on the hounds for you, right?”
“Yeah,” Sam chokes. “She’d be twenty-two.”
Dean gives him a quick kiss. “See you later, Benny.”
Dean laughs and grabs a couple paper bowls for both of them. “I won’t leave your worthless ass to starve. Now come over here and help me make some grilled cheeses.”
Dee smiles. “You mean after that convincing argument?” She shifts in her seat, reaching towards her bag. “You hold yourself differently. That’s all. I won’t tell Jane if you’re hiding something from her, I know Christmas is coming up and you must have found something really great for her.”
“Daddy? Mommy?” She yells toward the house. Mary takes a step toward the door and hopes to see her parents coming out. Sam let out a very long wail at the motion and Mary shifts him in her arms. “Sammy, it’s okay. Mommy and daddy are coming just wait. They’re both going to come and get you and mommy will sing her special song for us. Do you remember the song Sammy?”
Bobby smiles. “In that case, I don’t know if you should sleep at your girlfriend's house until you give her a ring.”
Charlie parks the car and turns off the ignition. Sam sniffles silently while Charlie contemplates her next words.
no proofreading at all. we die like men.
Cassie pulls off her coat and takes a couple presents out of her bag. She hands Bobby a bag and takes the box over to Sam.
The next day brought Dean to a crossroad. He summoned a demon to make a deal.
“Dean,” Charlie shoots up off the couch. “Don’t even joke about that.”
“Exactly!” Dee takes a deep breath in. “And even though I can do things better than my dad, sometimes, he never listens to me because he calls me a girl but I don’t feel like a girl. So, maybe, I’m a boy.”
When they make it to the motel, Dean can’t walk because of a broken ankle, courtesy of John Winchester after he lost the werewolf.
Benny shrugs. “Sam will have to kill me to get me to leave. I can’t willingly leave Dean. He’s such a great lay.”
“Psh,” Dean scoffed. “I have plenty of time.”
John stands from the sofa. “Your very own gun. Now that you’re old enough, I’ll start taking you on hunts so you can learn how to handle yourself out there.”
Charlie gasps in shock. “What about chivalry?”
Benny crumples the receipt in a fist and looks at the back of Dean’s head. “It’s a job you never asked for, given to you by a sack of shit. John ain’t here to tell you to look out for him. If he was here, what would he have said when he learned about your deal, huh? Good job?”
Mary whimpers, tears streaming from her eyes as John’s alcoholic breath burns them. John rears back his arm and punches Mary in the face.
“Sam didn’t want to leave you to fend for yourself.” Charlie says, wincing as Dean pressed into a bruise on her arm. “I told him about the deal.”
“Mary always did know what to get me,” Bobby says, turning the book in his hands. He reads the blurb on the back as Sam pulls out the gift he’s been dreading.
Dee nods and gathers her bag. “Thank you, again, sir, for this opportunity.”
Dean rubs a hand down her face. “He’s seventeen now. And no, he doesn’t know. He doesn’t know a lot of things.”
Charlie scrunches her face in disgust. “Gross. He’s like my brother.”
“Charlie,” Sam grabs her hands. “Please? I’m pretty sure Dean’s filled up his emotional fragility for the next year after he told me he’s trans.”
Dean sighs. The line grumbles a bit while no one talks. “I sent her a letter. That’s why she left. I told her everything about John. She visited me for a few days before leaving. She’s got a position at the Washington Post.”
January 24, 2000
Dean looks over at her dad who was pouring himself a shot in the dim motel room.
Sam squints but decides not to mention anything that was said between the Bradbury’s. “Alright. But someone has to explain why this is happening soon.”
“Go ahead.” Sam crosses his arms.
“The famous John Winchester.” Crowley smirks. “I just visited a Mary Winchester, any relation?”
“Alright, son. I’ll tell Sam when he gets home.”
Hannah sniffles. “Thank you.”
Sam’s brows furrow. “But he has a dick.”
“Yes, yes. We’ve gone through this before.” Charlie hops on the left side. “You’re also a ‘big spoon’ until you fall asleep.”
“And your death? He needed that on his plate?”
“Please do,” Dean says. “Charlie is coming tomorrow, she’ll take my room. I need some space from this.”
It’s warm inside and smells nice, like syrup and strong coffee. Dean orders something called The Lumberjack Platter and when Cas tells the waitress, “Just coffee, thanks” Dean overrides it and orders him scrambled eggs with a side of sausage and toast.
Dean can’t stop himself from smiling anyway.
There’s no point in lying about this anyway; Sam and Dean are lifelong hunters. They’re observant and thorough even during a glorified social visit, and Cas figures they must have put two and two together as soon as they walked in the door. There’s no way they hadn’t clocked the too-big thrift store jeans under the uniform shirt, or the dark circles under his eyes. The way his facial hair is a little patchy from shaving in the bathroom mirror in the truck stop visitor center. Cas guesses there’s a 50/50 chance they’d already found his car in it’s discreet parking space at the edge of the lot before coming into the Sunshine.
Cas reaches out to the clover again, now, with what little of his power he has left. It’s just as lucky as any other dead plant.
He gets nothing back. Life continues as normal. Dean can’t stop himself from feeling a little annoyed about it.
Dean gets a beer from the fridge to drink while he cooks.
Sam bought a fold out couch for whenever Dean is back in town, and when they save up he promises they’ll move into a house with a guest room just for him. And Cas. And the dog.
They eat French fries and drink stale coffee and talk.
He pulls his phone out to text Dean about what to do but halfway through the slushee machine makes a mechanical crunching sound and suddenly there’s red goop all over the ground.
“Nope,” Dean confirms, tensely. He hates this conversation deeply.
“But, hey, don’t drive tonight, okay?” he’d said, and that was that.
Then, one morning they’re laying together listening to the woman on the radio talk about DNA and Dean leans over and places a gentle kiss on Cas’ shoulder. He doesn’t have to say it out loud because by now Cas knows it clear as day, but Dean chooses to say “I love you,” anyway.
He pauses and breathes in through his nose and out through his mouth like he’d seen on a YouTube video. He takes stock of his possessions again, focusing in particular on the fourteen American dollars and the one Canadian quarter. He checks how much gas he has left in his car. Not much. If he keeps going he’ll have to choose between food and gas, just to run out of whatever he picks again anyway.
Dean rolls out of bed. Reminds himself to make fun of Sam at a later date.
Dean knows this well, television practically raised him. So no matter how many times he ends up in one it’s still a bit of a disappointment to wake up sweaty and alone in a dark room with puke green walls on one side and a curtain separating another patient on the other. This time, his back hurts like hell and he wants to know where Sam is and what happened to those kids.
A day and a half later Castiel is once again employed at a gas station. He’d tried a diner, a vegetable canning factory, a hardware store, and a rundown CVS but the gas station is the first place that got back to him. They were short staffed after someone named Ricky had walked out, and desperately needed a replacement. Kendra, the manager, had placed her hands together in mock prayer and said “it’s like you were sent by an angel!” when she read through his mostly fictional work history. It had made Cas laugh, genuinely. He thinks that’s what got him the job; she hadn’t even bothered to call his references before handing him the paperwork to sign.
“This isn’t the frickin X-files,” Dean kvetches. He’s still mad at Cas but he’s interested in the case, in solving the mystery, and he can’t seem to muster up the energy to make a big deal right now. He hates to admit it but seeing Cas alive and well in front of him replaces most of his anger with relief. Dean wishes dearly that he could reach out and touch him.
The ghost is a man, perhaps in his mid forties. Too young to be dead, Cas thinks. But he supposes most people feel that way when they die no matter how old, and maybe that’s why there are so many ghosts. When the woman comes to the counter with thirty dollars to put on pump six he sees a wedding ring on a chain around her neck. He puts two and two together.
When they leave the diner and get back into the Impala, Cas realizes this is the first time he’s enjoyed himself in a long while. He wants to say something clever, maybe call back to that night a lifetime ago when Dean had clapped him on the back after they’d been chased out by security. He’d told that poor woman her father hadn’t abandoned her, specifically, just his job at the post office. In retrospect he wishes he’d added something like, “Not that it made him a better father, or less of a coward,” but at the time it hadn’t occurred relevant to him to say. Her real name had been Leah. Cas hopes she’s doing okay too.
“I wanted you to have a real life, Dean,” Cas had said irritatedly, “I wanted you to know happiness and freedom. Freedom from everything.”
Instead, Dean jerks off in the shower, gets dressed, and writes Sam a note. Then he gets in the Impala and takes off.
“Oh. Cas didn’t say goodbye, so I thought maybe—“
Dean doesn’t bring it up.
When he leaves, he drives aimlessly. Music loud, just him and the road, like how it used to be in that narrow space before everything happened when Sam was in school and his father had cut him loose. It was lonely at times but the grip of the steering wheel made him feel safe and like he had a purpose, like he was doing things for a reason rather than just wasting time or avoiding his problems, and in a way it still does, so he always comes back to the car, and to the aimless driving.
Finding things in common with his coworkers, or anyone really, is a challenge but he doesn’t hate hearing about the friendly ER nurse’s kid or breakroom speculation about whether or not it’ll snow, as much as he expected he would. One day it sneaks up on him that he can see himself moving forward, and maybe making a life here. St. Cloud is as good as anywhere, really.
So, he decides to get a job as a distraction, and because that’s what people do. He works from home as a research assistant with a carefully crafted and entirely fake resume Sam helped him come up with. It’s easy work for someone like Cas, but it passes the time and gives him new things to think about, and new people to talk to. He has work friends, and he likes them. Sometimes they see Dean walking around behind Cas when he’s in a meeting and they ask him if that’s his partner. Cas decides to reply with “yes” because it’s easier and more work appropriate than explaining it in full. Besides, mostly they just want to see the dog.
He doesn’t cry but his face is hot and scrunched up and he knows he looks like a mess. He doesn’t often let himself willingly experience these feelings, but they’re there. They’ve always been there. They’ve gotten so much worse without Castiel beside him.
Dean thinks about getting a job but never follows through.
Two days later Dean shows up by himself. It’s 6:43 in the morning on a Tuesday.
Back then Dean had said: “They’re supposed to be good luck,” with a shrug when Cas asked why he was rooting around in the grass. Dean had pressed the clover into the book he’d just finished —some pulpy sci-fi novel— and handed Cas the book with the clover inside. He’d said, “I used to search for them sometimes when I was a kid to pass the time. It’s dumb but, hey, I figure we could use all the luck we can get.” Dean had smiled softly to himself then, a bit sheepish. The tips of his ears had gone red.
When he finally reappears in the kitchen it’s as smooth a landing as it always is, but Cas seems a little off kilter. When Sam asks about it, Cas brushes him off. Sam doesn’t press the issue, and instead asks about how Claire is doing.
They hear through the grapevine that Jack brought Castiel back first. That it was Cas who scooped everyone who wanted to be scooped out of heaven and popped them back into existence outside the bunker, but the angel doesn’t stick around. He’s not at the big spontaneous party that ensues, and he doesn’t show up in the weeks afterward where everyone hangs around the bunker getting their bearings and planning out their new lives.
“Listen, Cas, I’m bad at this. You know I’m bad at this. Talking. Feelings. All of it. But,” Dean doesn’t have to look over to make sure Cas is still there but does anyway, “I want to try. With you. For real. If you want.”
“Dean” Castiel says grimly, “I apologize if I offended you.”
Sam Westen has a business degree from a Canadian college no one’s ever heard of and works in insurance billing for the local hospital. He wouldn’t call them friends but his coworkers are pleasant. Not too nosey about why he doesn’t have an accent, or why he lives with his brother at the age of thirty nine.
The words don’t come easy so he hopes Cas hears the prayer: I could never, ever be happy if I didn’t have you here.
Cas lays there for a moment enjoying the bed. He had showered earlier and it had been a while since he’d experienced the particular nice feeling of clean body against clean sheets. He starts to type a reply to Dean, a simple “stay safe” but sees the unsent text from days before and remembers the woman, and the ghost.
Mia and Leo are on their way over for dinner and Dean has the sinking realization he’s been lured into a trap. Cas would never say no to doing a favor for Sam, even if it’s just to pretend to eat during a family dinner. Dean has no excuse. He really should have known something was up when Sam told him to double the recipe and he can’t believe he’s stuck cooking dinner for his own trap. Typical.
Mary scoffs. “No offense, Mr. Bobby, but I don’t think you would understand.”
“No, Charlie, it’s okay.” Dean says. “I can handle this. If he comes tonight, we’ll stay for as long as we can. We leave tomorrow, anyway. I only took until Thursday off.”
Cassie nods. “Okay. Well. Would you hate me if I said I’m attracted to you?”
“Like I said, Dean, I like you. I know your head.”
“Did you know?” Bobby asked Cassie as the Winchesters drove off.
Dean sprints towards the burning building as people cry out for him to stop. Inside, he makes his way to Sam’s apartment number and rushes inside. He knows Jessica is dead. He saw Azazel kill her before sticking her to the ceiling. He was too late for her, but he can get her body out for Sam.
Kelly walks up to the desk next to the girl’s and takes a seat. “Are you doing okay, sweetie?”
She can see her in the classroom still, Mr. Willer talks to her about something. She walks in the classroom again.
“We can share, bitch.” Charlie throws a pillow at Dean. “We’ve shared women before.”
Dean looks at Charlie while she gives him the “don’t do anything stupid, Winchester” look she’s perfected over the years. “You see if you can find where the bastard is. I’ll be right back.”
Bobby jumps. “Jesus!”
They get out of the car and make their way towards the door. As soon as they open it, a voice says, “Hello, boys.”
Dean nods. “I see.”
The couple looks at each other, silently communicating. Freddie clears his throat. “Well, kid, it’s not safe being by yourself at the store, especially for a little girl. DO you want us to walk with you?”
“We’ll get some nicer flowers for her today, okay?” Bobby picks up his half finished plate and messes up Sam’s hair with his free hand. “Now finish your work! You don’t want Stanford to reject you for poor grades your last semester.”
Dean licked his teeth in his closed mouth, debating what to do. “Why are you here, then?”
Dean tightens his bandages and stares at himself in the mirror. He studies the feminine way his eyes are and how his lips are more womanly than any man’s. He starts seeing his old body, the one John violated over and over again. He takes a deep breath in. “Yeah, well, I did too. Dad always said gay people were another type of monster that needs to be exterminated.”
“No, you don’t get it.” Dean pauses. “My roommate found someone who can supply testosterone so I can fully transition. I can’t ever be that girl you knew before.”
“Okay,” Dean revs the engine. “We’ll visit them tomorrow before we meet Maggie at her office.”
Charlie shakes her head and looks away. “Sam, it’s something very personal. The only reason I know about it is because he’s…”
“Son of a bitch.” He chuckles softly before calling the diner.
He finds her sprawled on the burning bed, half her body on fire. Dean coughs at the stench and tries to choke the fire off of her body. He picks her up and runs out, picking up a few photo albums as well. Firefighters are at the front door of the building with oxygen masks for Dean when he gets there. one of them rushes to Jessica’s body but Dean shakes his head.
Something hard hits the back of her head and she falls off the bed with a jolt.
“Sam doesn’t even know who you are,” Benny frowns slightly. “You still haven’t told him.”
Sam sighs. “Fine. But explain, please.”
“Hi, Sam!” She shakes Sam’s hand as well. “I heard you got into Stanford. That’s pretty stellar.”
“I don’t see anything, John.” Jeff sighs. “Maybe we go in and check the joint.”
Dean has tears in her eyes. “Thanks, Uncle Bobby.”
“I may be dead,” Benny whispers, shimmying into his shirt as he heads to the window. “But I still can break my neck!”
Mary looks at him with a brow high on her forehead. “What?”
John nods. “Sounds good. The demon has to be here, it's his hideout.”
“What did you do to Mary!” John yells, spit flying out of his mouth.
Charlie nudges Dean towards the back door. “Right, well, let’s go check it out. Dean?”
“What if,” the principal says, leaning forward in his chair. “What if I get your teachers to let you take the finals early? We can rush your diploma and you’d graduate early.”
Dean frowns but nods. “Figures.”
Sam reads the acceptance letter again before picking up the gift Mary gave him. He’s going to Stanford. He’s going to have a chance at a normal life thanks to Mary. He owes her so much.
December 25, 2000
“My bet is on the friend, Anthony Johnson. He was the one who was ranting about how Shawn deserved what he got.”
“Sounds good.” Dean listens to Sam’s footsteps leave the room. The door clicks shit and Dean finally throws up.
December 25, 1997
“Jeff!” John yells from the room. “I’ll be right down.”
“Bye, bitch.”
“Nah, Mary, it’s okay.” He smiles. “I’ll whip us up some mac and cheese or something. Does that sound good?”
“Charlie Bradbury. What are you running from, Dean?”
“Class, let’s pay attention to what Miss Trinnison has to say.” Mr. Willer says, tapping on the chalkboard. Dee looks up. Miss Trinnison has a square jaw and seems to be hiding something. As she talks, Dee tries to figure out what she could be hiding. An affair? No, because she wasn’t married. She must have divorced her husband because of something. Is she hiding abuse like Dee does? She looks for bruises while Miss Trinnison goes on about being a counselor or something for a school. Boring.
“Is he staying for good?” Sam pulls out his work.
She smiles. “Thanks, same to you.”
“Not everyone is a hunter.” Bobby says. “Here, help me move this onto the trailer. I’ll drop you kids off at the hotel after dinner.”
Kelly smiles softly. “Yes, you can. Not very many people change genders. There are people out there who will kill you because of it and claim God thinks of us as monsters. That’s actually false. If God made us in His image, then why can’t we switch between genders? They're both God’s image so who cares?”
Charlie slaps Dean's shoulder. “Stop being so modest! Take the compliment, Dean.”
“Dean-“
John stalks towards her, eyes predatory. Mary moves to the other side of the room so the bed is between them.
At this, Mary finally releases Sam to her and takes Mr. Gill’s hand. “Will mommy also need water?”
“Shut up!” John barks from the doorway. He slings a duffle bag over his shoulder. “You got injured on the hunt. I’m leaving you here to finish the job.”
“John might not do the same to bring Sam back, but John isn’t his father. I know you hate my choice, but c’mon, Benny. I would do anything for Sam.”
“It’s, uh, it’s fine.” Sam sniffs. “She was like a mom to me. Practically raised me herself while my dad hunted for the demon who killed my biological mom.”
“You’re a Winchester.” John stands and slowly walks to Sam. “Winchesters are hunters, not some kind of a pansy assed guy in a suit. You’re coming with me on the next few hunts I have, low-level stuff to ease your way into it.”
“That must be dad.” Sam sighs. Bobby stands up a little too quickly.
Bobby jumps a foot in the air. “Jesus, Sam. Dean, I have to go, I’ll talk to you later.”
“Charles-“
Dean looks at Bobby. “Dad’s been through some shit, Sammy. He doesn’t know how to express his emotions.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Deanna. Can you tell me why you think I’m hiding something?”
“I’m sure she’s one now.” Sam laughs. “Every time my dad forced her to go to some school dance, she would leave early. All of her dates were pretty much hand picked by either dad or Uncle Bobby. She hated wearing the dresses and make up, but I caught her a couple times with her best friend, Cassie, twirling around in them after the dance was over. I’ll always remember how happy she was then.”
also please comment what I should tell Kate when I send her the link to this. It should be like idk 10 chapters or so and I am starting chapter four right now
In the Impala, Sam looks out the window. “So this dude died a year ago, seemingly stabbed to death with no one around and a baggie of spell ingredients in it. A few weeks ago, the guy’s aunt reports that he’s haunting her house. I don’t get it.”
A knock sounds at the door. “Dean? Benny?”
Charlie covers her ears. “Please stop.”
Mary looks up at him, her breathing is hard and she feels really tired. “Don’t be silly, she has to.”
Dean starts to cry. He never told him. Charlie said this would happen. Benny said this would happen. Fuck!
“We’re going on a hunt. A small one.” John’s voice demanded no response so Sam just nodded. He didn’t want to think about how Mary died on a hunt that John said was going to be a small one.
John laughed. “Mary may act like she likes to learn, but she doesn’t. She likes to cook and clean, which is better, anyway. At least then she’ll be able to make a man happy later on.”
“You got it, Sam.” Charlie spins the keys around her fingers before opening the driver’s door. “I’m driving, then, Chewie.”
Same shuffles over and grabs the last bag from under the tree. “I thought this was Mary’s.”
“He’s amazing.” Charlie gushes. “He can make any car start, even the trashed ones.”
Sam’s mouth opens but no words come out. Cassie laughs and shares a look with Bobby. “Bobby gave it to me when it came a week ago. We wanted it to be a surprise.”
“Shut up, bitch! You love it!”
She ends up getting her degree but she tells Sam that she dropped out.
“You look just like her!” John yells. He throws another shoe at her before he rushes over to her to hold her down.
Hannah gives Dean a small smile. “Are you…?”
John reaches over and hits Mary over the head. “That was an order, Mary!”
Cassie gives Sam a hug before pulling away to hand him his gift. “Not bad. I hope you don’t mind that I brought you something.”
Bobby shakes his head. She died almost ten years ago. He looks at the sleeping baby in the little girl’s arms and sighs before standing up.
Dean chuckles. “Fine, whatever.”
Dean nods.
“Pleased to meet you.” The feminine voice says.
“That’s not out of the question,” Charlie says. “But Sam will ask why you’re marrying your sister and then you’ll have to explain it to him so…”
“Would you hate me if I told you I think I’m a man?”
She opens the door quickly and rips open her already packed bag. She hands Bobby a small wrapped box.
“Well, he wanted to keep it a secret. He took me on a couple hunts after that. That camping trip in July was actually a hunt for a werewolf. It only took a day so our plans were saved, thank god.”
“She is my pride and joy. Yes she has a name.” Dean rubs a hand across the dashboard. “A great name, huh, Baby?”
I’m writing it as you read this so you know it will be a ride. I should have it done either tomorrow or the next day. After ch 6 I’ll bring in Cas. Maybe more than 10 chapters what was I thinking? let’s pretend I said 15 and that I’ll finish before January ends? I have a lot ideas I wrote down and then decided to lengthen almost all of them. everything written was supposed to be like one or two chapters lmao
John never comes downstairs.
Dee looks at her hands. “I’m fine, Miss Trinnison. What did you want to talk about?”
Sam sighs. “Does it have anything to do with me?”
“Yeah.” Dean snuggles closer to Charlie. “I’ll tell him soon. I just need to get my thoughts together.”
“Bedroom!” Sam yells.
Dean pushes away from Sam and grabs her bag. “Take care, Sammy. Study hard! Harvard ain’t taking any B’s, bitch!”
Dee and Cassie are laying on the picnic blanket staring at the clouds. It’s probably the only day Dee has had off in almost three weeks and she wants to spend it with someone who cares about her.
“Your dad sounds like a dick.”
“Sam!” Dean sprints into the room where Charlie and Sam are sleeping at 11:50pm. “Charlie! We gotta go. Now!”
Bobby walks into the hallway where Sam is. The man next to the redhead comes to view last.
“Her name is Samantha, Sam. You’ve been reminded multiple times to call her Samantha and not her old name.”
“Do you think it was Azazel?” Charlie asks.
Charlie purses her lips. “Dean is...well, he knows what happened to her. And if we can get Bobby to give us some iron weapons, I’m sure Dean will explain it to you.”
“No.” Dean says. “It’s not that. I deserved that.”
Kevin actually falls down when she asks it, making the contents of the bag he was holding spill all over the sidewalk. Freddie freezes in place.
John swishes the shot of tequila around his mouth, debating whether or not to let her keep it.
Dean looks at Benny who gives him a nod of support. “I’m transgender. I was a woman but now I’m a man. I’m still Dean. I’m not her anymore; she wasn’t who I was. So it hurts when I see you just ignoring someone like me.”
“Dean?” Benny says softly. “When I say run, you run. No looking back- no hesitations, okay?”
“Pretty sure it’s a ghost, Mare.” John slurs. He throws the empty bottle in the trash and reaches for another. “Why don’t you lay down for a bit and rest up before we go research, eh?”
She looks over at Dee. “Yeah, Dee?”
They sit there, each of them crying for a while. The sun is fully down by the time Dean stands back up.
“I’ll get it.” Bobby rushes towards the door and Sam turns to look towards the front of the house.
Dean groans. “I don’t think Sam understands pretty much anything in my life right now.”
Dean nods, planning to write everything down on notebook paper. “Can I give you something I wrote and you copy it someplace more official?”
Charlie wraps an arm around his waist. “A lot?”
“Thanks, Cassie.” Sam opens the box to find a Stanford shirt and another envelope. This one looks more official so he quirks a brow at Cassie before opening it.
“Not at all,” Hannah pointed down the hallway. “First door on your right.”
“You wrote her a letter but didn’t contact us at all?” Bobby says slowly. He's mad. Didn’t hear do everything for Dean?
“You didn’t tell me you’re only 18!” Dean sighs as he closes the door to the Impala.
Cassie takes off the bracelet and hands it to Bobby so he can look at the engraving. “More like a bracelet, but it means the same thing. I’m surprised he didn’t tell you that. You were the one who gave it to me last Christmas.”
Sam’s face shows a mix of disbelief, anger, and shock. “You can’t make me!”
“Jesus, you idjits.” Bobby helps them stand up. “Can you be more suspicious?”
She washes her mouth out in the sink, looking at the blood covering her face and the black eye she has. If she’s going to hunt, she needs to come up with a mantra to help her keep going after she gets hurt. She wipes blood from her nose and stares into her own eyes in the mirror.
December 14, 1992
Sam doesn’t answer.
“Of course he waited until after he gave me a promise ring to tell you.” Cassie sniffles and plays with the silver band on her wrist.
“Mary, from now on, you tell no one what happens on our yearly hunts, got it? Otherwise I may just kill you.” His pants hit the floor with a loud thud. Mary winces. “And I don’t want to do that. I can’t lose her, Mare, you understand?”
“Sir, where am I going to sleep?” Mary asks.
“Uncle Bobby, I can’t possibly take thi-“
The three of them go back inside. John doesn’t come back that night so when Bobby drives the two of them back to the hotel, Dean hands Bobby a gift for Sam tomorrow.
“I can’t say much,”Charlie glances at Sam. “He hasn’t told me every detail, yet but it was bad. Like “I’m surprised he hasn’t killed himself” type of bad.”
“I’ll take the couch.” Dean says.
“You know I can’t do that,” Benny looks down at his hands, crinkling an old receipt he found in his pocket. “I can’t let you give up.”
Dean shifts from one foot to the other. “Abusive piece of shit for a dad. That, and if I ever told him I was a man and not his little girl, I’d probably be in a ditch in the middle of Kansas.”
Bobby walks into the room smiling. “What does it say, boy?”
“Yes, sir.” She unties her boots and starts taking them off. She can hear her dad do the same on the other bed. She climbs under the covers quickly and closes her eyes. The faster she sleeps, the faster she can start hunting.
Dean shakes his head. “Not yet, anyway.”
John comes back covered in blood. Rufus steps in after him, equally covered, and makes his way to Bobby as John goes to shower off the blood. “He’ll make a good hunter, Bobby. He has the heart and killed the bastard, but he seems to learn fast.”
“Stay out of this, Mary.” John almost growls at her. Dean shoots Sam a look she hopes says “please humor him or else I’ll get your punishment” before she leaves the room.
“Okay, daddy.”
“Thanks, Uncle Bobby.”
Charlie turns off the T.V. and heads to the fridge. “Are you excited to see your family again?”
“Dean Winchester. And you?”
“But I don’t like Frank, mom.” Jane said, shifting the bag on her shoulder. “Can’t I go home with you?”
“And do I know if you’re lying or not?”
“I can do that.” Crowley looks down at his watch. “Now get out of here the cops should be on their way soon. Ta!”
Charlie frowns. “If we go down Lafayette there's a park there we can stay. A graveyard is down there as well, if you’re down to sleep there. No one will bother us there.”
Charlie smiles. “Great! Can’t wait to get to know you over a couple of tombstones.”
Charlie nods and looks at Sam. “C’mon, big guy. We need to get you to our hotel room before the shock sets in.”
Bobby stands up and pays Dean on the shoulder. “You’re special, kid. I always knew that.”
“Sure,” Sam said. “I have to use the bathroom, anyway, if you don’t mind.”
Sam sits next to the bathroom door. “So get this, the lady we interviewed yesterday about the ghost was the dead guy’s aunt. Apparently, she threatened to kill the guy on multiple occasions because he dressed like a woman.”
John laughs. “It’s not going to be a real hunt. I’m going to have her research stuff and when she’s asleep, I’ll pretend to hunt it down.”
Dean watches as a tear falls down his face. “Sam, I don’t think-“
He cuts off all the sections before stuffing the hair into a garbage liner. He could probably donate it to some cancer clinic for a wig or two.
Dean lets out a breath. “Well, uh, Uncle Bobby- I think I might’ve been born in the wrong body.”
Dean looks around the front area of the house to see the kitchen to his left. He raids he cabinets looking for some type of powder he could probably throw on the fucking beasts so they’ll be easier to see. Just as his hand wraps around a bag of powdered sugar, a deep snarl comes from across the room. Dean turns to look at the dog’s smoldering black eyes.
“No,” Dean slaps the steering wheel, causing Benny to flinch with how loud it is. “You’re not! You’re going to get somewhere safe and take care of Sammy for me.”
“Your name is Mary Winchester. You have a younger brother, Sammy, who you need to watch because daddy has to go to work. You will be the best you can be because you like to make your daddy proud. You are Mary Winchester and you need to stop lying.”
“Not sure.” Bobby takes a forkful of rice. “Didn’t say. I assume he’ll leave after a while but he wanted to connect. After my wife died, her family cut me off.”
Mary is struggling to get up but John’s hold on her is too much. She thrashes around on the bed as John sobs into her neck.
“Honestly? I don’t blame you.” Charlie flips pages in her notebook. “I can probably come down tomorrow to help with the case. You can take the rest of the week with Benny and I can tell Sam you’re on a bender.”
“Miss Arbeit,” Sam leans forward. “Can you tell us about anything strange that happened that night?”
“Okay,” Sam slowly walks out of the room. “I’ll, uh, see you then.”
“Mary? After dinner, pack our bags. We’re heading out tomorrow.”
“What?” Sam says, standing quickly. “Where are you going?”
Kevin stands up and looks at Freddie. “Oh, well, uh, they can. Not a lot of people like it, though, so we try to keep it a secret.”
“Yeah,” Charlie sighs again. “It’s an exact replica of my ID. This is bullshit.”
Bobby lets out a hard breath. “You’re an idiot, Dean.”
“What did you just say?”
“And, uh,” Dean scrubs the bar of soap into his hair. “What do you think? Friend who didn’t support her
He’s finally Dean.
Dean nods and rushes around the room to find a piece of paper. When she finds it and starts writing, Sam rushes into the room.
“...and take Sam down to Bobby’s place. I’m taking Benny with me back to Kansas.”
“29!” Bobby says, letting out a low whistle. “Almost an old man like myself, huh?”
“Right, well, Sam’s little trust fund will have a few more pounds to it, but I’ll make sure Sam gets any last will and testament you have stored somewhere.”
Dean shakes his head. “You’re one crazy butch, huh?”
Sam stood and left. Dean waited for the door to close before he leaned forward. “This doesn’t involve Samantha’s case, but I was wondering how she came out to you as trans?”
“Crowley-“
“Do you know what’s up with Dean?” Sam leans forward on the chair next to the desk in the hotel room. They just finished a hunt and are going to leave in the morning to get back to Bobby’s place for Christmas. “He’s been hanging with Benny more than either of us, now. I was just wondering if you knew why or not.”
“Dad?” Sam’s voice is soft. Dean looks quickly to Sam’s hands and sees a shiny pistol sitting in them. “What is this?”
November 2, 2005
Sioux Falls
“What does that mean, Charlie?” Sam stands up and grabs her arm. “What do you mean Dean’s suffered for me?”
He turns around to find a red-head standing in a Star Wars sweater. “Thanks. Did you want to take a look?”
Bobby laughs softly. “Yeah. He was a smart kid. He built an EMF when he was ten out of an old walkman I had.”
“Shut up, Mary! No words or you’re dead!”
Bobby Singer didn’t want kids. He remembers the fight he had with Karen about it a few days before she died.
“See! You called Dean a ‘she’ again!” Charlie stands up from the bed. “You never called Dean ‘she’ before he told you and now look at you! Dean has suffered so much for you-!” Charlie gasps. “Shit!”
“You know,” Sam whispers to Charlie, while Bobby and Dean throw sassy insults at each other. “Dean shares the same birthday as my sister. He kinda looks like her, too.”
“See?” She says, grabbing the bag from the floor where she dropped it. “I said it doesn’t make much sense. I have to go now before Dad gets mad.”
“Well, after Aunt Karen died, our family cut off all ties with Uncle Bobby.” Charlie loops an arm around Dean’s. “Dean here wanted to find out what happened to her so he started hunting for information. That led us here, where we figured out demons were real.”
November 2, 2000
“That’s fine with me, Mary. You’re not 16 anymore, you don’t have to ask me for permission or anything anymore.”
Bobby sighs. “You and Sam both know I’m an only child, idjit.”
“No! You listen to me, Benjamin Lafitte!”
Sam turns to see Benny heading up to the motel entrance. “Benny?”
Crowley nods and snaps. “Very well. Moose over there should wake up in a few minutes. I’ll see you in a year or so.Tah, Squirrel.”
“Dad, I don’t want to be a hunter! I want to go to college! Have a normal life!” Sam would say.
Bobby scoffs. “You’re in my house and as long as that is, you’ll abide by my rules. Sam goes on hunts when he wants to, he’s still in school, anyway. He can’t miss too many days.”
Sam is speechless. “So- so what? You’ve been lying to me- to everyone this whole time?”
December 5, 1984
I couldn’t get this chapter how I wanted. This is literally rewrite number 8 but Cas is up next chapter.
“Is this…” Sam falls onto the floor. “Cassie-“
Dee nods. “I need to change my work hours so I can take care of my brother. My dad is picking up more hours and I need to do the same. Sam wants to go to college and we have to save up.”
“Hey, Doll, do you know if John Winchester is here?” The man in the truck asks.
“Well,” Cassie takes Dee’s hand. “If you feel more like a boy, then me suggesting we date instead of just being friends would be alright. I wouldn’t have to have this crisis of whether or not I’m gay because you’re a boy not a girl.”
Sam sighs loudly from behind the door. “Open the door, Dean.”
“He...he hurt me.”
Dean nods and speeds along the road towards Hannah’s house.
“You named your car?” Charlie rolls the window down to let in the night air.
“Hellhounds are after me.” Dean grabs Charlie’s bag and runs to the two cars in the lot.
Hannah smiles. “It’s hard, at first. Samantha lost a lot of people when she came out. That’s why she moved here. Her family disowned her.”
The door to the classroom opens as she debates whether or not to call Uncle Bobby to help them. The woman who walks in introduces herself as Jane’s mother. Jane Trinnison was a bitch who always shoved Diana around because she thought Dee was too much of a tomboy.
Principal McDonald nodded. “I understand, but don’t you want to go to college as well? You’re the best student in your grade, you have a bright future ahead of you, Deanna.”
“You’re not his father, Bobby,” John is right next to Bobby pointing a finger in his face. “I am.”
A police officer comes up to him when the fire is out and Jessica’s body is on the way to the morgue. “Did you see anything out of the ordinary?”
“About us, for one.” Benny kisses the top of Dean’s head. “And about who you are, for two.”
“You don’t,” Dean says. “I’ll do that when the time comes. For now, I find a way to leave so I can live my life as the man I was meant to be.”
Dean nods and the door closes. “Holy fuck.”
Freddie smiles back. “Call me Freddie, Mary. Now what’s on your list?”
John turns his eyes toward her. Her resemblance to her namesake is almost uncanny. The only difference is how young she is. “Yes.”
He laughs. “Good eye. Yup, I’m from Kansas. I’m trying to find a place in Detroit to move to.”
Bobby is finishing pouring the drinks when Dean walks in.
“This,” Crowley says while pulling a lighter out of his pocket. “Is why I’m getting you out. Who knows, Dean, maybe we can share a night together sometime.”
Dean opens the door to the bedroom. “I’m your sister, Sam. Now get out of here!”
“Yeah, well, this might be different.”
The girl finally looks up to meet Mr. Willer’s eyes. “Okay, sir. I’m sorry.”
Crowley lights the bed on fire. It slowly spreads across the sheet.
November 6, 2000
Dean shoots out of the bed and sprints towards the bathroom. “I’m getting in the shower! Come back later!”
Charlie holds up her hands. “I’m just saying-!”
“Yup!” Charlie looks at Sam. “We were on a case nearby and decided to visit the man we’ve been talking to these past few months.”
“It’ll be fine,” Dean says. “Charlie will make us ID’s so it’ll be legit.”
Dean shifts his weight under Hannah’s gaze. “What?”
“How will I introduce you to Sam?”
“It’s just…” Sam sighs and looks out at the passing trees. “Jess was the best thing to happen to me, especially after Mary died. She left me a college fund after she died, you know. Mary always hated that I wanted to go but I always thought she was jealous because she didn’t go to college. Everyone thought she would but then she dropped out of high school a few months before graduation and got a job. She got me out to California where I met Jessica and I can never thank her for that.”
“I break everything I touch!’ He had yelled.
“Have you tried explaining what being transgender is?” Benny asks, folding his arms together. “Or did you just lose your temper and run?”
Bobby pauses in the doorway to the kitchen. “John has you cooking in the kitchen?”
“You leave Baby’s trunk alone. I’ll explain that when we get to our place of rest.”
November 9, 1992
Dean has a deadline now. He’ll tell Sam soon.
“You’re the best, Mare.”
Bobby nods and starts to head inside. He stops and turns to Dean one last time. “So, does Cassie know? Or…”
Sam continues to cry loudly. She looks towards the front door again and sees her dad crawl out before a loud bang sounds behind him.
Dean smirks before accelerating the car down the empty road.
Charlie makes a sound of affirmation. “Be the big brother you never really got to be, right?”
Charlie falls onto her bed. “Dean’s going to hate me.”
“A real job?” Bobby asks. “What are you doing?”
When John and Mary check into their hotel room, John starts acting weird. Mary notices that he keeps drinking from his flask and twitching his eyes around.
“Jesus Christ.” he laughs. Charlie let’s out a squeal as Dean speeds out of Lakeshore.
“Darling!” the voice called out. “It’s been too long!”
“Hi, Sam.”
A tear is wiped from her cheek. She feels warmth in her chest for a moment before whatever was there leaves. Mary takes a deep breath in before standing.
Dean laughs. “Just because you have a name don’t make you human.”
The bathroom door opens as Hannah gives Dean her thanks. “Ready to go, Agent Halen?”
“Mary,” she turns to face Bobby again. “If you ever feel like your dad doesn’t accept you, you’re always welcome here.”
Dean laughs as he looks around for something open at 10pm.
“It’s true!” Benny takes a slow step forward. “I’ve rotted in Purgatory for nearly fifty years, boy. I don’t care to go back so soon.”
Cassie half smiles, tears forming in her eyes. “Yeah. Why? Is that a while?”
There’s shuffling on the other side of the door before it opens. Dean stands there in his rumpled suit with snot covering his face. “He won’t accept who I am, Ben.”
Charlie shoves Dean’s arm causing them to swerve. “Bitch!”
Dean jerks back. “What?”
Bobby nods. He turns to look at the sunset. “Why do you think that?”
“Hey, Sam!” Dean calls out. “Next time you see dad, tell him I said ‘I’ll see you in hell,’ alright?”
He balks for a moment. “How did you- I mean, why’re you asking?”
“Okay, mom. I love you, too.” Jane runs off with the rest of the students and Kelly looks for that blonde girl.
He walks out the door to his Baby. “You ready to go, Sammy?”
Bobby smiles at hearing his name being one Dean chose for himself. “Not Singer? Didn’t think you’d want your dad’s name after what he’s done.”
Dean nods. “I’m going to Bobby’s. I’ll take Benny with me and we’ll meet you there after the case.”
“Sam!” Jess screams from above him before bursting into flames.
“Don’t ever talk to those animals, Mare.” John says on their drive back to the motel. “They’re sick. They dress up as women just to lure in kids like you to rape them. If you see any fairies again you turn and run. I’ll understand if you don’t go grocery shopping then. I’ll come in with you next time, okay?”
When they do ask conversationally about how he came to move there, he considers lying and saying his great aunt left them the house when she passed, but he knows from experience these communities are small enough that little lies can come back to bite him in the ass so instead he says, “We’re both trying to get back on our feet after breakups.” In some ways it’s true, and Sam is actually a little relieved to not be making it up.
After that, Dean changes subjects and tells him about the latest Dr. Sexy storyline, about a vampire nest he took out a few years back, about running into Garth in Topeka. Cas talks about the Sunshine a bit but mostly just listens. He always likes listening to Dean talk.
“I’m sorry” he says, “for yesterday, I didn’t mean to upset you. And I don’t want you to disappear on me, on us, again.”
Resigned, Castiel replies with absolutely no irony but a bit of pettiness, “Should I have not saved you from those vampire clowns, then? I’m sorry, Dean, I couldn’t help myself. I had hoped you’d be able to outlive John, at least.”
Small glimpses here and there. In a gas station in Boise, a dive bar in Pecatonica. Never in his car, which Dean is oddly grateful for, if only because he thinks he might be so irritated that he swerves off the road. But it pisses him off, all the same.
Dean doesn’t like Castiel’s tone when he says the word, “everything” because he knows Cas is including himself in that. It pisses him off, in fact.
More recently, Cas has come by just to say hello, but only ever when Sam is home. Because Sam had specifically asked him to, and Castiel doesn’t like saying no to his friends. They’ll watch TV or talk about Sam’s coworkers and sometimes Castiel will talk about a particularly interesting hunt he’d helped Claire with, and then stop himself, and ask if it’s okay to continue. Both Winchesters listen with rapt attention, and always ask for more details. Cas has met Mia and they get along, he’s even babysat Leo so Sam and her can go to an R rated movie. Mia’s never asked Dean to babysit. When Dean finds out he’s not jealous but he is something.
It’s early spring, and still unbearably cold outside.
The adjustment is hard on Sam and Dean, he can tell. It’s like suddenly their lives are starting in the middle, and it’s not fair they had to wait until their knees were shot and half their friends were dead to have a chance at a real life.
Sam gives them each a key to his new apartment, and tells them to come over any time they like. He gets drunk alone with Dean the night before he moves out and long after Cas has gone to bed Dean comes into his room stinking of whiskey and sweat and tears. He lays down next to Cas in bed, puts his arm over him and leans heavily into the crook of Cas’ neck.
It reminds them a bit of the motel rooms they had grown up in. Uniformal and familiar in some ways, a clean slate in others.
Dean can feel Castiel’s stare on him for a long time. He gets nervous so he goes on.
Except.
Before Dean passes out in the Impala he wonders if maybe he reminded the bartender of someone he’d lost, too.
There’s a second text that tells Cas the room is paid through till the end of the week. He can stay in it or not, doesn’t matter to Dean one way or the other. A third one much later than the first two that just reads: Thanks Cas.
About a month in, Dean gets fed up and decides to pray. Just a simple: “Where are you?”
At least this time around he’s not squatting in the back room with the cleaning chemicals but he is sleeping in his car, just until he has enough money for a place to stay or decides to hit the road aimlessly again. He knows that’s not anything Dean wants to hear.
On TV, hospital rooms are usually these clean, white places with a sunny window and a nice chair in the corner. A family member or loved one would be there, desperately pleading for forgiveness, or redemption, or something like that. The nurses are all hot 20 somethings and doctors take time to talk to the patient and their family in soothing, apologetic tones. By the end of the episode there is either a miraculous recovery or a heartbreaking death.
Even after two years, everything Dean owns can fit in three duffel bags, one for clothes, and two for weapons. He puts them in the trunk of the Impala and looks up at the house one more time, then gets in. Cas is waiting for him in the passenger seat.
He gains healthy weight, and his cheeks look less hollowed out. He jogs with the dog and lifts weights to pass the time and somehow feels stronger than he used to be, but not as quick. He starts to feel like he’s inhabiting a stranger’s body, instead of his own, and doesn’t like that either.
Dean blushes and goes still for a moment, he swallows but doesn’t say anything. His ears go even redder. After a moment tugs Cas in gently and Cas takes pity on him. Dean tastes like maple syrup and strong coffee.
“What, in the car?” Dean asks. “That was nothing, no big” he shakes it off like it didn’t put him in a bad mood for a week afterwards.
He tries to get up and make a run for it before an orderly notices he’s awake and starts questioning him about the health insurance he doesn’t have, but the moment Dean moves forward he’s overcome with a stab of pain that makes his vision go black in the middle. He lets out a sharp “paaah” sound that hurts his throat, and falls back into place. He feels nauseous and winded.
Dean nods at her, feigning repentance. He guesses his full name on her chart must be Marc Bolan, the rock star tragically deceased in a car crash. Good one, Sammy, though a bit on the nose.
Dean exhales loudly through his nose.
The first house they find with a sweet elderly landlord who accepts suspect money orders and doesn’t do background checks is in St. Cloud. Eileen stays with them for a few weeks and then realizes she can’t do it, domesticity is not the thing she hoped it would be, and returns to the bunker. It makes Sam sad, and a little sullen, but he understands and doesn’t fault her for leaving.
Castiel shrugs, he doesn’t know what the Sunshine Gas and Go does with the money, and he’s not particularly interested in corporate tax law. Says: “I’m not sure, Dean.”
But they’re trying.
“Call if you need anything. Anything at all,” Dean tells him. Sam rolls his eyes but agrees.
Dean swallows and abruptly turns to leave, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. Cas watches him go until Sam comes to the counter with two bottles of water, a coffee, and an energy bar.
Cas is quiet. They don’t say anything for a long time. And then, sadly: “I was trying to be your friend Dean. I was trying to be family. Friends don’t kiss each other. But I wanted to kiss you, so I thought maybe...”
Castiel nods. “Yes.”
“Dean.” Cas says his name like it’s a warning. Dean knows Cas might bail out at any moment, so he stops kidding around.
Occasionally, Sam will gently suggest that Dean go out and meet someone. Download an app, maybe. Try and reach out again to… he never quite finishes the sentence. Sam intentionally doesn’t mention gender and the unspoken encouragement sits heavy and weird between them. Sam’s known for a long time and doesn’t care. He guesses everyone in his life knows, at this point. Dean’s tried to be subtle, with other men, with how he looked at Cas sometimes but it’s hard to keep things like that from the people who love you.
Castiel thanks them and then he’s gone. In the distance Dean hears the clink of the seashell wind chimes on the front porch.
Cas deflates. He tilts his head and gives Dean an empathetic look. He knows Dean disagrees with him leaving so soon after becoming human again, and feels guilty about so many things it’s hard for Cas to keep track of them all, but he knows he couldn’t stay either, that it wasn’t meant to be and it’s better to pull the bandaid off sooner rather than later. Just like lying to the Winchesters, it never works out in the end. With almost no power left, he’s no help to anyone, not Sam and Dean, not heaven and Jack, not even himself. It hurts to think about it too much but maybe that’s just part of being human, too.
In the morning Castiel likes to turn his bedside radio on and listen to the news. He’s especially fond of the science segments. Listening to people try and understand the little mysteries of their world in real time makes Cas feel grounded, and less like he’s making a mess of being human, since it seems like no one really knows what’s going on anyway.
“St. Sebastian Hospital” she answers, then: “Give me one moment, please.” Dean’s mouth is so dry he doesn’t think he could argue even if he wanted to. The woman pulls his medical chart off the back of his bed and checks it over.
After a moment Castiel says, “You know, Dean, I heard your prayer. I’m sorry I didn’t come. I wasn’t sure if you...” he trails off.
“Not here,” he says, then points at the coffee closest to Cas, “That one’s for you. Milk, no sugar still, right?” Cas nods. He knows this is Dean Speak for an apology. He can feel Javier and Kendra look over at them from behind the other register and restocking the cigarette display, respectively.
Dean’s not stupid, he’s noticed how Sam’s brow furrows at him when he thinks Dean can’t see. They know each other better than anyone else, and Dean can sense there’s only so much time before Sam’s patience runs out and they have a fight or a drunken heart-to-heart or both. Dean’s trying to stretch the remaining time out for as long as he can.
They’re quiet again, then Cas turns towards him. He starts to say something but Dean shakes his head and Castiel stops.
Dean pauses, blinks slowly, and then silently walks past the angel and goes into his room to sleep. He thinks he can hear an irritated huff on his way out. Good.
Still, the word feels nice to say, like a relief. He mentions it to Dean offhandedly, and Dean just shrugs nonchalantly, but gets red at the ears and gently tugs Cas into his room for a nooner.
They sit on the back porch in silence for a while, watching the stars.
“Looking for trouble,” Dean replies jokingly, and lets Sam assume this means Dean’s searching for a new case rather than researching ancient enochian summoning rituals. Because he knows what Sam would say. Cas sacrificed himself so they could win, and he’d want them to move forward. Cas would want them to be happy, and live good lives. Especially Dean.
Castiel taps the book in the spot where the clover is pressed. He can feel the slight bump of it between the pages while he thinks about what to do, it’s reassuring.
He’s never said the words out loud like that before. It sobers him up immediately, because he’s in mixed company and who knows what kind of assholes are hanging around looking for a fight. Dean would have left right then and there if the bartender didn’t give him a beer and a shot on the house.
Dean ignores him and gets himself a breakfast beer, while Sam texts the group chat.
The woman seems caught off guard, then smiles politely.
No one says anything about Castiel disappearing on them for almost an entire year, or asks why he decided to show up in person for something that could have easily been a phone call, or even why Claire never thought to tell anyone Cas was spending time with her. But Sam is watching them both with a kind of intensity that makes Dean think he might get a sunburn on the back of his head from the heat of it. Cas doesn’t seem to notice.
Six months later they’re still living there. One closet is filled with weapons and other hunter ephemera, and there are sigils and protective warding where they need to be, but from the outside everything looks exactly the same. They’re just two adult brothers and a shaggy dog living in a house that looks like it was decorated by their grandma. Sam’s talked about maybe getting a plant or putting up the free calendar they got with their purchase from the dog food store but doesn’t seem to ever get around to it, and Dean doesn’t even pretend to settle in. As cliche as it sounds, when push comes to shove neither of them really know how to make a house into a home.
“What I was trying to say was, uh,” Dean does a complicated series of facial expressions one after the other, “that I got a room at that Budget Motel by the gas station.” Cas can feel Dean’s thumb trace little circles where it’s still placed on his waist. “You know,” he tries, “your gas station.”
He worries he’s compartmentalizing too much though, but he’s not sure how else to adjust to a world that’s not ending imminently. He’s never had to think about global warming before, or a 401K, but he’s doing his best.
It still takes him a moment to compose himself.
Dean spends the next few days in the hospital. He wants to leave as soon as Sam gets there in the morning but Sam insists he stay the full amount of time that the doctor recommended. He says something to Dean about the possibility of sepsis but Dean doesn’t really listen. He knows how to keep his wounds clean, he’s not some dumb kid.
They’ve been in the house for nine months. It’s the dead of winter in Minnesota and everyday is somehow colder than the last one.
“Yeah, yeah wanna come up and see my art collection?” He says to the ceiling. Cas doesn’t know what he’s talking about but he likes it when Dean keeps his hand on his thigh while they drive.
He’s about halfway through the summoning ritual when the candles blow out on their own and Dean feels himself thrown backwards by an otherworldly gust of wind. It hurts badly but the live ram Dean was about to sacrifice seems relieved.
Sam has said “I wish he’d just come home, and stay here,” so many times and in such a pointed way that it makes Dean want to hit him or break something.
After a while Dean will leave to do his own thing, and Cas will read or watch TV, and then they’ll have dinner. After that maybe a movie or a game of cards, always accompanied by a few beers. They wait until Sam and Eileen go to bed if they’re home and then Dean will put a hand on his knee or his hip or his back and lean in close until they’re kissing. Cas always lets Dean make the first move, he doesn’t want to seem needy, or like he’s asking too much, he’s been human before but all the functions that come along with it still take some time to get used to, and there are boundaries, and so many other complex things to navigate. At some point Cas will pull Dean into his room. They have sex and Cas will fall asleep, and Dean will get up and go back to his room, or he’ll stay and they get up together and listen to the radio and start all over.
On the way back to the car, Dean pushes Castiel up against the side of the Impala and kisses him and doesn’t care who sees. Castiel kisses back this time. Dean feels the happiest he has in a long, long time.
And then Sam goes off by again. And comes back. And keeps doing it. And after a while Dean gets used to it, though he can’t help himself from feeling like the world is moving on without him.
He needs to eat sometimes now, and drink water. He needs a shower and a bed if he can get them. Clothes, shoes, soap, toothpaste. All of it costs money, and to get money you have to trade time. Castiel has always found that a little ridiculous but he doesn’t make the rules anymore.
The best explanation they can come up with is a Spooklight. A soul trapped searching for a lost lover. Relatively harmless, a standard salt and burn once they locate the bones.
Something strange is happening in Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Dean doesn’t think this is completely true, Cas can become an invisible wave of celestial intent on a whim but Dean doesn’t want to argue about it.
Castiel remembers trying to be encouraging. Saying something about the placebo effect that made Dean roll his eyes and laugh at the same time. He can’t quite recall the specifics of it anymore, he’s been losing memories here and there these days.
Dean threw her duffle bag at him while he was talking. It hit him in the face with a smack, the extra boots doing a number on his nose. She takes her silver switch from her pocket and stabs him in the chest.
A tear falls down his cheek as he hears Dean yell for Sam and Charlie before he passes out.
“Old?!” Dean laughs. “You’re a relic, Bobby.”
Dee is still in shock, her eyes are glazed over and she doesn’t pay attention to anything Kelly says. “You can...like if I wanted to be a boy I could?”
“Your wife wasn’t.” Bobby freezes. “Look, I’ll fake a name, it’ll be fine. Sam will be too preoccupied with getting ready for college so he won’t notice.”
“Well, you fixed that old Ford truck with Sam a few years back. I couldn’t get that thing to start for years.”
“Sam-
Dean nods. “Yes, sir.”
“So what the hell do I do for now?” Dean grabs the Journal and his blade from the floor.
“You’ll be too late if you don’t tell him now.” She said a few months ago when picking for a convention. “Something will happen and you’ll miss your chance.”
“I’d say you’re absolutely crazy, Crowley. How can I trust that you won’t release your hounds on me later?” Dean stands up, looking down at Crowley.
December 25, 2000
“I would ask you what you meant by it, kid.”
She pushes Sam into the backseat and closes the door. He passes out before Dean can start the car.
“We’re hunters.” Dean says.
Charlie smirks. “Tech genius. Right here.”
She called Uncle Bobby yesterday to tell him that she was going to pick up Sam from school but she couldn’t stop thinking about the last part of what he said.
Bobby gives Dean a look.
Bobby looks at her quizzically. Dean shrugs her shoulders and mouths, “Cassie’s present.”
Dean jerks her head in a quick nod as she catches the keys John throws her.
Bobby nods. Rufus gives his shoulder a pat before heading off to the other shower to clean off. Bobby walks back to the living room and checks on Sam and Mary. Both are asleep, Mary tucked into the couch cushions and Sam in the crib. He turns his head towards the stairs.
He can’t do it. John will find him and then probably kill him if he does it.
Dean has tears falling down his face. The presence he once felt back when he was first raped returns. A warm pressure holds his hand and he feels a renewed sense of purpose. “I...I don’t think I ever really felt like a girl. Before mom died, I remember being made that I wasn’t a boy and therefore couldn’t take a bath with dad. Ever since then, I never felt like I was a girl but I just…” he sighs. “I just ignored it. And then dad-“ Dean grips the bottle hard.
After about a half hour on the floor of the bathroom, she feels pressure on her hands. She quickly looks up out of her hands to see no one there. The pressure is still there, like someone is holding her hands but she doesn’t see anyone there with her.
Bobby’s brows furrow. “Are we talking about the same Mary? Your kid loves to learn.”
“Can I come with you? Please?”
“Sam?” Dean looks around while jogging to the dark red 1979 Thunderbird. “Sammy?!”
“I know.” Dean clears his throat. “I’m safe. I have an apartment and a job now so I got steady income. I wanted to call and let you know. That I’m, uh, alright and stuff.”
Sam looks down. “I didn’t know it was that serious. I just thought it was some type of drag queen thing.”
Dean sighs and falls back into his chair. “He’s not the only one, but he’s the first. If you don’t like it, then leave. School’s starting back up soon, anyway. Charlie and I will keep an eye on him, alright?”
“She’s…” he coughs. “She’s gone.”
“Not much.” Benny reaches into his back pocket for a small folded up piece of paper. Dean raises his machete. “Come on, brother. I thought we just talked about it.”
“With me.” John says as he locks the door, the “do not disturb” sign on the outside. “Get undressed, Mary.”
“Get out of here, sickos! Don’t come near my daughter ever again!” John spits at them before turning to push Mary into the car. She hits her head on the roof but John doesn’t notice.
Bobby leans back in his chair. He goes through his memories of Mary and recalls moments where she would seem to be more of a tomboy than a girly girl. The long arguments for school dances where she didn’t want to wear dresses, the flinches whenever Bobby referred to her as ‘she’ and Mary a few years back. He knows this didn’t come out of nowhere, but he still feels surprised.
“Not to sound like a monster, cher,” Benny holds Dean tighter. “But this doesn’t sound like something nearly as bad as it could have been.”
Charlie laughs. “Make me a sandwich, peasant. I’ll turn on something to watch unless you want to read Harry Potter together.”
Sam jumps out of the car, hitting his forehead on the door. “What are we waiting for?”
“Mary? Are you sure you want to go on this hunt? It’s okay to wait another year until you’re ready, you know.”
“I know.” Dean looks at Charlie, who just came out of the bathroom. “I’ll do it soon.”
It’s a short service, just the three of them and Mary’s friend named Cassie. Cassie cried the entire time, talking about how she would miss her best friend. Her and Bobby talked after the service while Sam and John got into the Ford Mary and him fixed up the year prior.
Karen had tears in her eyes and after he said it, the tears dripped down her face. “You haven’t broken me, yet, Robbie.” She turned to leave, but Bobby caught her arm.
She should be used to it by now. Every year on the anniversary of their mom’s death, John Winchester would take Sam to Uncle Bobby’s while he took Mary to a hotel where he would proceed to drink himself half blind and make Mary take care of him. But this time, it was different. John was quieter this time around.
Dean throws what turns out to be a salt shaker at the hellhound and watches as it whimpers at the smoke rising from where the salt touched it. He’ll have to add that to the journal if he gets out of this.
“Bye Bobby.” Dean pauses. “Make sure Sammy knows I’m proud of him.”
“We’ll be sure to stock up and test it, then, cher.”
“Please.” Sam begs.
“Your ghost, Samantha,” Benny sits down on the freshly made bed. “Is a murdered trans woman. She was killed by her transphobic aunt who seems to be a witch.”
“Get undressed and lay down on the bed. If you make any kind of noise, I will hurt you. I don’t want to hurt you, Mary, so do what I say.” John pulls a gun out of the back of his pants and points it at Mary.
Mary looked at Sam. “Can I watch?” She looks up at Bobby. “I need to learn how to cook real food for my daddy and Sam. I don’t know how to make mac and cheese yet.”
“No, brother,” Benny punches his nose. “She may have a dick but that’s not what decides her gender. She most likely felt like a woman so she decided to become one to make herself happy.”
John’s blood goes cold. “What?”
Dean stares at Sam for a second before being nudged by the woman. He jumps for a second before sticking out his hand. “Nice to meet you, Sam.” he says gruffly.
“Yeah, well, if someone is turning people, I gotta take care of them.” Dean places the gun in his waistband. “I’ll take care of you after.”
Sam furrows his brow before shaking his head. “Yeah, it’s, uh, it’s kind of weird but I think I can accept that she’s gone now. I think having Dean’s birthday pushes down the fact that her and Dean would be around the same age. It gives me something else to focus on instead of missing her.”
Sam jumps away from Dean. “You mean you’re his bait?”
“Damn right.” Dean settles on his stomach before pulling Charlie closer to himself. “I’ll grab us breakfast tomorrow when I get up.”
“Sorry, Uncle Bobby. I was, uh, just looking out the window and saw a boy from school.” There was no way Bobby would buy that excuse. “I’m just, uh, going through, um...puberty? The hormones are going, uh, crazy right now. Sorry, Uncle Bobby, I have to go. Tell my dad that the monster you’re hunting is a wraith and can be killed with silver. Okay! Bye!”
This was Dean’s first Christmas by himself. After his last meet-up with Crowley to hand over a letter for Sam, Dean drove up to Canada. He crossed into Ontario with nothing to his name besides the Impala and a few hundred dollars in the glovebox, not including the black card Crowley gave him. He vows to never use it unless absolutely necessary because demons can’t be trusted, even if this one has a huge crush on Dean.
“Are you ready, brother?” Benny asks, cocking a shotgun.
“Why don’t you tell me about her?” Charlie wants to hear stories of young Dean without the self-mutilation of his feelings. “You don’t mention her a lot.”
Dean shrugs. “When I was probably eight. It was pretty easy, I was reading up on how to fix cars and appliances at the time and tried my hand at building it. Anyone could do that.”
Sam tilts his chin up. “I said I don’t want to be a hunter. I want to be a lawyer.”
Dee leans in closer to her. “So if I asked you to call me Dean, you wouldn’t mind if I kissed you right now?”
Dean slides his mouth against hers and feels whole. He could burst into tears at this moment.
A knock sounds on the door. “Dean? You in there?”
“When I come back tomorrow,” John says as he collects his things, “I expect you to be ready to leave. We’re moving to a new town when we pick up Sam. Now clean all of this up and be ready to go tomorrow at 8.”
Sam raises his eyebrows. “I thought it was his friend not his aunt.”
Dean quickly wraps a towel around himself and looks for the wrap he uses to bind. “One second, let me grab clothes and you can talk to me through the bathroom door, perv.”
Bobby smiles. “At his twentieth birthday. He told me a little about you but I wanna know how you two met.”
Dean nods and puts on the layers he always wears. “I need to call Charlie before we go check out this friend. I’ll meet you by Baby in a second.”
Dean nods before tucking his face in Charlie’s shoulder. He’ll tell him.
“Chill out, Sam.” Dean slams a hand onto the table. “I will personally chop his fucking head off of the time comes!”
“Hey, Sam, it’s gonna be okay.” Bobby gets out of his chair and kneels to hug Sam. Sam cries for a few minutes before a knock sounds at the door.
Dean smiles. “Anything else you need, Red?”
Jane sighs and looks away, “Why couldn’t you stay my dad so I didn’t have to see Kevin?”
And homophobic and transphobic implications but it’s John Winchester what do you expect?
“Thanks, Bobby.”
Bobby peeks inside the newspaper it’s wrapped in. “Who do I tell Sam it’s from?”
“Well, not every car.” Dean blushes. “There’s a few I can’t fix at all. I'm not the best, but I'm not the worst.”
The demon smiles as his eyes shift to black. “Well, Mary Deanna, you’re daddy has been killing a lot of my- ow!”
November 1, 1992
Mary ties off her braid. “Yeah, daddy, I’m all set. Do you want me to pack the car up?”
short chapter but that’s because the next one is emotional.
Mary looks between them, the silver switchblade in her pocket is heavy next to the money John gave her. “Sure. My name’s Mary.”
“That was mostly Sam,” Dean shrugs. “It’s not like I did a lot of work.”
Charlie pushes Sam over the bed as Dean yells ‘three!’ and jumps at the two hounds. Once the two of them are out of the room, Dean turns to follow, the hounds biting at his heels and leaving gushing wounds.
“Yup,” Dean thrums his fingers against the wheel. “Demon is out. Samantha has no earthly possession she was tied to so that means we have to find out who killed her.”
Charlie is silent. Sam never brings up Jessica anymore and she doesn’t want to spook him off his emotional dump right now.
“Cassie?” Dee asks.
Dean shrugs and looks down. “Just say it’s from you. I’ll get him something for Christmas.”
“Detroit‘s a long way from Kansas, Dorothy.” She smiles at him. “What’s your name?”
Charlie hands Dean a couple slices of cheese. “No, if anything I think that’s alright given the circumstances.”
Charlie recognizes the glint in Dean’s eyes and nods. As she shoves everything in sight in her bag, Sam asks, “What? Why?”
Sam smiles. “Thanks, Charlie.”
Dean zips it up and sets it by the door. As she is leaving the room, she can hear Sam sniffling and finds him sitting on the bottom of the stairs.
“He always is,” Dean closes his eyes. “He’ll bounce back. It will take a while. Losing the love of your life is a Winchester rite of passage at this point. I just wish I could’ve gotten to know her more, you know?”
Charlie looks down. “Parents weren’t accepting of me being, well, a dyke for lack of a better word.”
Dean shoots Charlie a look of disbelief. “Why not?”
“Coming, dear!” He runs out to the car, leaving a note for Crowley saying thanks.
Benny strokes Dean back as they lay together in bed. “You still haven’t told him.”
“Sometimes I don’t feel like a girl. Is that normal?”
John left Sam with Bobby.
“Now, Mary, I’m hunting an actual demon today with Jeff Stran, so I need you to make sure my bag is packed with things that will help me with a demon. You have that written in the journal, right?”
“They will lose their minds, Kev. My dad will probably shoot me.”
Bobby is shocked. He doesn’t speak for a while. Dean sits there worried the entire time.
Just as she takes a step towards the door, one of their neighbors comes by to help her daddy stand. Mrs. Patty squats down next to Mary to take Sam.
Sam is laughing with Bobby when a knock sounds at the door.
Enclosed is information to access your college fund I set up for you. By the time you read this, there should be enough in it to cover almost all four years (with some financial aid...hopefully).
John shoots him. Crowley grabs his shoulder to feel the blood gush from it. “This was a new suit!”
Dean made a journal with all the information on monsters they’ve- John- encountered and how to kill them. John took the credit for it all, but he wouldn’t be able to kill anything if it wasn’t for her. She’ll make sure that John can’t hunt after she leaves.
“He’ll know when I’m gone.” Dean turns back to the road and starts driving again, keeping a hand in Benny’s. “I’ve been trying to read up on the hell dogs the past few days. ‘M pretty sure they’re weaker when hit with iron. Not sure.”
“I don’t-”
“Not really, but I can only imagine.” The line is silent for a bit. “Not to make any excuses for Sam, but I’m sure that if he knows more about being trans, he’ll accept you.”
“If he sticks around that long,” Charlie opens her door. “You’re going to have to tell him the truth.”
“I bought myself one so I feel like Sam needs to have this.” He puts his hands in his pockets. “It’s my old switchblade. I have a better one now; one with a new engraving.”
Benny knocks gently. “Dean? It’s Benny.”
Dean unlocks it and sprints back to the bathroom. Sam opens the door to get a glimpse of Dean’s bare ass for a millisecond and yells, “My eyes! Jesus, Bradbury, do you even see the sun?”
Benny shoves Dean and they both laugh.
“Is John going to be there?” Dean asks softly.
“It’s like…” Mary sits down with a sigh. “It’s like I’m not real. Like I don't feel like myself. If I prove to my dad I can hunt, then maybe I’ll find my place.”
May 1, 2007
“I met him in Ontario after I was kicked out of my parents house for being gay. Turns out, being trans was the least of his problems. He faked his death and ran away from home because of shit out of his control.”
Dean nods again. “Thank you. We’ll solve her case.”
“You want to drop out?” The principal asks. “You only have a little under a month left, are you sure?”
Dean looks at John quickly. Sam already opened a gift from John- a leather jacket Dean had picked out this past November before she wasn’t able to go out in public because of the two black eyes.
“Mary, uh-”
“Hey, buddy.” Dean says, relieved as all hell. “Welcome back.”
Dean was sipping on a beer while he sat in a lawn chair at Bobby’s house. Sam was with John on a small time hunt. John has been taking Sam on more and more hunts, each time ending with an argument from Sam that usually went like this:
Bobby can tell something is wrong. He continues to sit and wait for Dean to tell him what’s bothering him as the sun goes down.
Benny rolls on top of him and nuzzles into Dean’s neck. “Don’t call me ‘Benjamin,’ dick!”
They both turn to look at where Sam is pointing and Dean sees both hounds standing a few feet away. Dean looks at the two of them.
The demon glanced down at where Dean had stabbed him. “Oh, darling,” he pulls out the blade and drops it on the floor. “I’m afraid that doesn’t do anything to me.”
Dean vaults over the hound as another one pokes its head out of the bedroom. Dean throws the bag of powdered sugar at it before kicking it out of his way.
“Yes!”
Wait,” Bobby puts a hand on Cassie’s shoulder. “He took a day to hunt a werewolf?”
“Ready to go?” he asks when he closes the trunk.
“It’s not because you’re a girl!” Sam stands up and puts his hands on her shoulders. “It’s just...you get so banged up after every hunt you go in with him. it’s like he uses you as bait or something.”
Bobby laughs again before looking back at Cassie. “I’m sorry about your dad. Dean didn’t say anything about it.”
Dean looks down, furrowed brow drawing lower on her face as she makes a knee-jerk decision. “Yeah, well, better than him doing it to you.”
“Charlie,” Sam turns to look at her. “What did he just say?”
As they drive off, Benny rests a hand on Dean’s knee. “We’re not losing it, huh, cher?”
Bobby laughs as he makes his way into the house to order some takeout for himself.
“Sam won’t call her by her chosen name.” Dean tightens his hold for a second before stepping back. “He refuses to call her a woman, even after he’s been asked multiple times.”
Sam tears up again. “I can’t believe…”
Mary started to get up. “I’ll make us food, Mr. Singer.”
She starts to cry as she slowly undresses in front of her dad. “Please, daddy, I don’t-”
John cocks the gun. ”Now.”
Dean shakes his head. “Everything John said he knew was actually because I told him. I wanted to be a hunter back when I was six years old. I researched everything I could and even built that Walkman EMF detector he said he built.”
John nods and opens the door. “I guess it did. Now, if you lie to me again, I’ll have to punish you and I don’t want to do that, okay?”
“Please.” She whispers. The pressure doesn’t leave but she feels something like lips press against her forehead. “Don’t let this be the end. Don’t let me go.”
Dean looks over his shoulder at Crowley. “I thought you said this was pro-Bono.”
“Good.” John undoes her braid before he wraps a hand around her throat and forces himself into her. She cries out from the pain and John hits her with the gun.
‘Who ever loved, that loved not at first sight?’
“Bobby, it was a stupid move. I get it.” Dean growls at him. “Don’t you think I regret ever agreeing with that fucking demon. I was selfish. I just wanted it to end.”
Dean swallows. She hasn’t gotten gifts for Christmas since she was six but she’s not going to tell that to Sam. She tries her best to make sure Sam always has the best gifts and if that she doesn’t get any, then so be it. Besides, she’s going to Cassie’s house tonight so she’ll be able to get something then.
“Blonde hair, red shirt, uh, pretty tall. Maybe about 6’2”? Dean shrugged. “He pushed me out of the way before heading out the back door. I thought it was weird so I ran in and saw my brother passed out on the bed next to his girlfriend who was stabbed in the stomach. The room was on fire so I checked for a pulse on Jess before grabbing Sam and running out.”
Crowley smirks. “Just had a little fun with her. A little bit of torture, a little bit of nasty; you would know. She said she would have preferred you over me with everything I got to do before she ended up like her namesake.”
John leaves, slamming the door behind him. Mary lets out a long sob before trying to stand. She feels nauseous so she runs to the toilet and spews bile into the toilet. She must not have eaten yesterday before the hunt.
“Can you describe what he looked like?” The officer took out a notebook and a pen.
Bobby scoffs. “You sure that’s a good idea? She’ll be right angry with you when she figures out it’s fake.”
She slams a fist on the counter. She can’t say it. She looks at the clock again. 7:52. She can’t say it.
“That’s exactly what she lacks.” Jared starts to gather papers from the desk. “She’s a great student, extremely intelligent. She just doesn’t turn in work to show it. I may have to call home to see what’s going on, but as long as she turns in the late work she should be fine.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Yeah,” Cassie says, putting it back on. “We met in English class, we were reading Much Ado About Nothing and had a project on it. We were partnered on it. Got an A plus on it, thanks to Dean. I didn’t understand it at first but he explained it to me so well.”
“Dean, are you stupid?” Sam yells at him from across the table. Charlie and Benny were outside the room, trying not to listen in. “A vampire? It’s going to go rogue and kill us all!”
Charlie closes the book with a soft thud. “Sam…”
“Why’s that?” Bobby asks as he sits next to her.
“Even after I help you take down a big guy,” Benny says, walking towards Dean. “You’re still going to kill me?”
“Charlie, if you weren’t gay and I wasn’t a taken man, I’d marry you.”
“Hey, brother.” Benny smiles. “I was in the area and I remember Dean saying he was gonna be here.”
“Thanks.”
The presence is still there. Still comforting.
“Great! I’ll get everything ready and make sure you’re all set for Thursday.” He stands up from his chair, signaling to Dee to stand as well. They shake hands as he continues, “Don’t worry, Dee, I understand you have to do what your family needs.”
“Thanks, bitch.” Charlie yawns. “Sam will be okay, right?”
“No!” Sam looks up to see Charlie’s disapproving stare. “I just think she should be careful around Benny, especially because he’s a vampire.”
When she leaves, she’s taking the Journal with her.
“Well, I’m going to give you this one. You can take the trailer to carry it back to- what was it? Detroit?”
Kev smiles. “Oh, of course, dear. Where’s your dad?”
Christmas with Bobby was a quiet affair. Mary’s normal constant chatter was gone and John wasn’t here to start a yelling match with Sam like he normally was. Bobby sits in his chair, opening a gift from Mary that she bought before she ‘died.’
“Address?” Sam perks up. “Do you have a boyfriend or something?”
“No you shouldn’t.” Bobby yells back. “You’re the best kid anyone could have asked for. You grew up too fast to take care of your brother and father. You deserve to be selfish.”
Sam nods. “Yeah, of course, Dean. It must be hard to see this happen.”
“Take care, Kelly! And tell Jane that her project was very well written.”
Also, Sam’s not transphobic he’s just new to this. Don’t worry, he’ll have his own gender crisis later but Sam is he/they rights
John drops Mary off at the store to buy groceries. She grabs a basket and looks at the list John made. She starts towards the bread section when she sees a couple of men talking to each other near the bread she needs. As she nears them, she can hear their conversation.
“Yeah, he says I gotta learn how to cook before I can learn about hunting. I asked him.” She smiles at Bobby as she places Sam in the makeshift crib. “So, is it okay if I watch you make it?”
Kelly smiles softly. “You don’t have to know right now. But I’ll let you in on a secret: Gay people aren’t sick. They can’t help the way they feel. And if your daddy says something about the bible saying it’s wrong, God never said that. In fact, God said that a man shouldn’t have any sexual relations with children. The translation is off from the original hebrew. As for men who “dress” as women, those people are called transgenders. And, well, just like people can be gay, there are people out there who are transgender. I used to be a man.”
“It’s okay, Ben.” Dean looks up at the hounds for a second before pulling out a long blade from his inside jacket pocket. “I’ll...I’ll end it.”
“Not really,” Dean says. “It will help me look more like a man. I’ll come back in a few months.”
Bobby takes the small box and nods. “Sure thing, kid. How about you write me a note saying where she lives and what to say.”
Bobby sighs. “You’re going to have to tell him.”
“Okay, Mr. Gill.” She whispers, turning to look back to where her dad was being helped up by some EMTs. She hears sirens as soon as she steps through the front door of the Robertson's house.
“Why can’t you be her!” He punches her again before shaking her by the shoulders.
Sam bites his lip to keep from crying. “Bobby, did you know about this?”
“Hey, Charlie?”
Dean shakes his head. “Tell me what you got on your big kahuna?”
It may not have seemed like I supported you leaving, I understand why you want to. I hope this helps you get started on doing what you love. try not to forget me while you’re gone, bitch!”
“Name’s Benny.” he says. “If that helps you understand that I’m alive and have a life.”
Bobby steers Mary towards the kitchen table. “Then can you try to explain it for me, kid?”
If you’re reading this, that means I’m not here to tell you what this is. I’m probably on a hunt with dad (lame!)
“Mary? You okay?”
“Yes, already done.” He snaps. “You’ll take the car to a hide out in Rochester and when I’m done, I’ll meet you there to give you directions to your new safe-house.”
Mr. Willer walks into the classroom. “Everything okay, ladies?”
