It’s really going off the rails now. Dean can see about six thousand other thoughts swirling around behind Cas’s eyes.
“The deal is,” Sam continues, “I’ll give you enough to get you through the rest of the summer. That’s enough time to get through whatever’s left of the monsters, right?”
“With the fingers,” Dean says, mimicking Cas on his own glass. “All tippy-tappy. You got nervous hands. It’s cute.”
“What, Jenga?” Dean says, finally feeling his heart rate start to decrease. He squeezes Cas’s hand. “How is climate change like Jenga?”
Now they’re playing “Cowboy Take Me Away.” Dean downs both his shots, takes a sharp inhale through the teeth, and lifts Cas up from his seat, slinging a supportive arm around his shoulders.
Right in front of him, it’s Claire: her hair cut short above her shoulders and shaved into an undercut on one side, her eyeliner heavy and smudged, her clothes all black.
“Like I said at the house,” says Sam. “I’m happy for you. After everything, this feels right.” He pats Dean’s arm and leans forward over his own knees, folding his hands, all hunched over. He looks so big and so small at the same time.
Dean shifts around in the bed on instinct but it hurts—he hisses through his teeth. The doctor nods at Cas, who stood the moment Dean showed any indication of being in pain.
“I feel—” Dean says, tears stinging at his eyes again. Fuck. So stupid. “I don’t want your money anymore. You’re not supposed to take care of me. I’m supposed to take care of you.”
“Guess that White House blood runs strong,” says Dean, blowing out a loud breath. Rooney is also kind of Jack’s dad, right? He never quite figured that one out. “But—” He pauses, still turning things over in his mind. “So you didn’t have to see all the folks you—you know.” He draws his finger across his neck, clicking his tongue. Cas flinches. “I mean, Sam and I helped with some of that,” Dean says quickly. “Wasn’t just you.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Cas looks genuinely apologetic, like he’s done something wrong. Every day, Dean knows he has more and more to make up for—years and years of making Cas feel less-than, of never saying how he really felt, of not listening, of pretending he wasn’t listening when really he was.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, stifling a laugh. “I don’t really expect you to be the breadwinner here, Earth angel. I’ve been doing all right hustling, but that only goes so far. I mean, you can only do it so much in one place, you feel me? We need something more stable.”
is,” Dean says, catching his breath, while Cas continues to cackle. “Probably one of us had him in us, just statistically.”
“Responsible,” Sam says as he takes notes. “I mean, we can put ‘sales associate’ on here if you want. Just can’t be that particular Gas-N-Sip.”
I have to be calm, Dean thinks. The thought feels like it’s floating above him. I can’t make this any harder on him.
“Not a lot.” He says it a little too defensively, and when Cas looks the tiniest bit crestfallen, he clarifies, “That’s my personal business. That’s not the point. Point is, when I
“Oh, he’s with me,” Dean says, turning to point one finger at Cas. “Whether he likes it or not now.”
“Well, uh,” he says, sucking the inside of his cheek. “No. No fund. I had a little help from Sammy.”
looping in his head under his blaring headphones. When he finally moved into the Campbell house, Sam had obviously looked for easy improvement that didn’t come; and when he decided to hunt, Dean is just now starting to understand, Sam only let him go because he thought it was the last resort.
Within minutes, Sam has already emailed him one, specialized for mechanic work, plus a pre-written cover letter; he must have had this prepared since they talked last week, maybe even earlier than that. Dean rolls his eyes but deep down, there’s the pang of the knowledge that he’s cared for, cared about, even (maybe especially) when it comes to stupid stuff like this. He works through the applications—Cas sure wasn’t kidding about having to memorize a whole-ass script distinct from his real life—and sends them off. Then he just sits there some more. It all feels like playacting, like throwing a paper airplane into the wind—no way is he actually gonna hear back from any of these places. Anything he can imagine looks fake and two-dimensional in his mind’s eye. He does
“I mean, if we’re going to make a home here—” Cas says, placing a hand in the small of Dean’s back, “well, if we’re going to be here forever, we might as well like the wall color.”
“It’s Sam’s demon knife,” says Cas, seeming a little irritated that his big reveal didn’t work. But as he brings it closer, he’s right: the serrated edge, the symbols on the side. Sam’s knife. Dean had been wondering where this was, why Sam didn’t offer it to him when he went back out on the hunt. Sure, there aren’t really demons on Earth anymore, and Dean has plenty of other weapons, including a few angel blades collected over the years. But it’s about the sentiment.
“Exactly,” Sam says firmly. “I’m still me. My name doesn’t change that. How many names have we used over the years?”
“That’s so thoughtful,” Cas says in the same way he always does when Dean does anything remotely nice for him. It actually makes Dean feel really guilty—if Cas is really that surprised when Dean does nice things for him, what does that say about Dean? “Thank you, darling.”
A couple hours later, Dean has told all the good road stories from the last go-around. They’re sitting around the dinner table, each with a beer in hand, all laughing, relieved to be together. It’s been a long time since Cas has been around for moments like this. Even before he left, it had been a long time since they were a family. Dean keeps thinking maybe it’s not real—that Cas isn’t real, or maybe Dean is the one who isn’t real, that it’ll all fade away any moment, and there’s nothing he could do to stop it. That that’s his punishment for ever letting Cas go.
“It’s whatever,” she says, waving a hand. “You left some sloppy seconds. I took out a few werewolves in Iowa a few weeks ago. There’s gonna be rugarus for, like, ever. But no demons, no
But man, I'm tellin' you. It's crazy. It's like, especially since he came back from being dead - I like everything he does. I like looking at him. I don't like thinking about him because it makes me uncomfortable. But when he's there, it's like - it's like everything's good. Even though it's not.
Dean smiles, gives her arm a reassuring squeeze, and she moves on to Cas, who she nearly tackles. Cas, taken off guard, wraps his arms around her slowly, like she might be a mirage. Dean sees why Cas might be surprised; it’s a pretty different greeting from last time, polite as she may have been. At this point, though, Dean knows Eileen well enough to know that when she’s in, she’s all in. Whatever they’ve talked about over the summer plus whatever Sam texted her throughout the last week must have sold her on Cas’s return. And besides—not like she can’t sympathize with coming back from the dead.
Dean can’t help but huff out a laugh at that, and he feels bad, but come on. Stressed? This is the least stressful shit has ever been.
Charlie. She made that clear early on. So hearing Cas say “was” strikes a chord that Dean can’t totally identify.
He roams back into the living room, hands Cas a beer, and tosses the other one to Claire. Something in him lights up when she catches it, no problem, and cracks it open on the edge of the table.
Cas smiles, warm and hazy, and drops forward to kneel on the bed. He reaches out for Dean’s hands, pulls him down into a kiss. It’s good, a good moment. And, of course, all Dean can think about is saying the one thing that would ruin it.
Cas coughs another gross, hacking cough and Dean thinks he should probably be disgusted, but mostly it just makes him want to serve at Cas’s beck and incredibly hoarse call.
“He forgives me?” Dean turns all the way around, feeling stupid and vulnerable, cross-legged on the bed. “How do you know?”
Under the weight of a brain that’s somehow entirely full with thoughts and also entirely empty, Dean deflates. Something about it feels weird—not bad, just weird. Letting Sam do this. But he’s not really
“Dean, I chose—” Cas says, shaking his head, and then he takes a deep breath. “If I had stayed in Heaven for eternity, that wouldn’t have been my life. This is my life. I certainly deserve to make some sacrifices. But this isn’t a sacrifice. My grace has served its purpose, and I’m done with the hierarchies of the afterlife. I want to be human. Here with you. If you’ll have me.”
“Well, for one thing, I’m giving up hunting for good,” Dean says. The thought keeps recurring to him: This is the end. And he gets to decide what that means. “Not least because I already got most of the bastards this summer. Makes the decision a little easier.”
“First of all, I’m glad you’re out of the Empty, but I’m sorry you’re trapped in Heaven. I know how you feel about your family. Rough holidays.”
for over a decade and something plus kissing for just about six months, so maybe not. Is six months of living together a regular point at which you should define the relationship? He really never even had this conversation with Lisa, and he never got to with Cassie. “Boyfriend sounds like we’re… fuckin’… meeting under the bleachers under school, you know?”
“I’m having a very, very good time.” He looks at Dean the way he’s looked at Dean many times before. Dean now has the vocabulary to describe this look as
Dean still doesn’t know what to say to that, just chokes out a laugh and nods. Cas rubs his shoulder.
When Cas walks in, Dean rushes over a little too quickly to greet him, only slowing his roll when he gets within hugging distance. Doesn’t want to seem too eager. Then he realizes that’s stupid because they literally live together. But then Cas throws his arms around Dean like he hasn’t seen him in years—whispers right in his ear, “Hi. I missed you, Dean.” Dean relaxes into his touch, nuzzles against his ear, a massive weight lifting off his shoulders. Okay, so maybe he was being super normal all day after all. Or at least if he wasn’t, Cas wasn’t either.
He’s not totally sure how to respond; he’s still feeling a little tipsy. Tipsy—god, what is he, a teenage girl? He snuggles up closer to Cas.
Dean returns around 5 PM with a trash bag full of clean laundry, two massive tomes about the local occult, four burritos, and a 5-pack of t-shirts from Walmart. Cas is sitting up in bed, knees pulled to his chest, watching cable news.
Okay, lady, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. Easy way, you tell me how to break the curse and then I shoot you. Hard way is I shoot you and we figure out how to break the curse some other way.
Cas insists on carrying the bags in—Dean shouldn’t be doing strenuous physical activity, says the doctor; the doctor is in Missouri and can’t tell him what to do, says Dean—but while Cas is inside Dean looks into the trunk and sees the sigil painted on, sees what’s left of the monster-hunting weapons: angel blades, firearms, a baseball bat. Salt. A lot of it he’d lost along the way this time, and whether that’s due to carelessness or a subconscious spirit of spring cleaning, he can’t say.
“Well,” he says, the tense cloud of anger in his line of vision finally parting, just slightly, “I guess you’d be a pretty shitty brother.”
“She told us a gay bar on purpose,” Dean says, shaking his head, ignoring whatever Cas is saying. “I can’t believe it.”
It sounds like Cas, but it isn’t Cas. It can’t be Cas. As Dean’s eyes adjust to the darkness outside, it looks a lot like Cas too. Looks like his hair, a little overgrown, and his big, round eyes, and his thin, concerned smile.
When Dean stands to dig out the takeout menus, Cas grabs the back of his shirt, tugs at it carefully.
“Health insurance,” says Cas, a blunted sentence that Dean knows him well enough to hear as a question.
While Sam is talking, Dean stands, wanders over to the table. He runs a hand through Cas’s hair, slings an arm around his shoulder, pulls him in close.
Did you notice anything unusual during your phone call? Did he seem, I don't know, off? Scared? Did he mention any problems?
Whatever was radiating from Cas dissipates and he leans forward, gathering Dean’s shoulders in his arms as carefully as possible, kissing his forehead, kissing his cheek, his mouth. He touches their foreheads together.
As soon as they returned from burning the body and dumping what remained in a nearby lake, Cas got into the bed fully clothed. Dean thought about saying something and then didn’t.
Dean’s drunk too, pretty drunk, but not quite as drunk as Cas. They lean on each other the whole walk home, Dean’s arm around Cas’s shoulders, Cas’s arm around his waist. By the time they make it back to the room, they’re laughing so much that it takes Dean a good while to get his keys out of his pocket, then a good while longer to get the door unlocked. This only makes things funnier. Neither of them moves their arm from around the other.
“Yes we do. I’m serious. You guys have always had a complicated thing going on and you always work it out. He came back to life for you, Dean—I’m sure we don’t need to have that conversation again.”
Castiel is already halfway out the door. Dean grabs his head (please make it stop) as if that's going to help somehow. Sam has no idea how to react to any of this.
Dean knows he should be over it, but it’s still a little weird when Cas makes jokes like that. He doesn’t like to think about it. Still has nightmares on the regular of wrapping Cas’s body, burning it, touching the ashen wings on the ground outside the cabin—of watching Cas walk into the lake—of Cas’s grip loosening from around his hand in Purgatory. And that’s only counting the dreams about things that have actually happened. Sometimes, too, when he looks in Cas’s eyes he can’t help but see him beaten, mouth totally busted, eye swollen, blood pouring down his chin. The things he’s done to Cas—the things he’s watched happen to Cas. The things he’s watched Cas do. How none of it matters, not now, and yet somehow it all matters every minute. He clutches Cas a little closer, nails digging into his back. Focuses on the warmth and the pulse beating in Cas’s neck, under Dean’s cheek.
, I guess,” he mutters, but then he feels like he’s being rude, so he looks up and does yet another weird smile-wave combo that he instantly regrets before he bolts into the adjoining room, throwing another quick “thanks” over his shoulder.
So they try it a few times, just drunk enough that they can’t quite do it without talking over each other or cracking up when they look each other in the eyes. Dean has no idea what’s going on or why they’re even doing this, but Cas looks so happy, so alive, so—ironically enough, considering the ears—human. Dean can’t stop looking into his eyes. On take
When they pull up to the house, Cas squints and leans forward to get a better look at the truck sitting in the driveway.
Dean takes a drink, then another. He hasn’t been drinking so much lately but he feels like if he doesn’t put this one away right now he might die.
“Shit,” he said, “your birthday’s in less than a month and I haven’t thought about what to get you.”
There’s a lot, he thinks, climbing into bed with a sandwich and a beer and his laptop, clicking play on
“You’re so perfect,” Cas says, “so perfect, look at your mouth, look at you.” Sometimes Cas will do this—start babbling during sex, sounding so, so human. It’s different this time.
I assumed right. And I ain't doing it. No need. Nobody's getting a hand on any of my beloved objects.
“While we’re sharing, uh, difficult news—” Sam says abruptly, and then he stops, swallows hard. Oh boy. “I think I’m gonna take Eileen’s last name.”
“I’m happy too,” Dean says. He grabs Cas’s hand under the sheets. “I mean that. I just—you know.” He wants to say something like
Dean suddenly feels all his fear melt away. It’s Cas. He knows. There’s nobody else in any world that makes him feel like this.
“I like the numbered place,” Cas says, menus for every place Sam has mentioned already pulled up on his laptop. “I’ve never had Italian food. Besides pizza.”
By now it must be around 9, because a few more folks are starting to filter in. A middle-aged butch lesbian walks in and shouts, “Y’all gonna play any Etheridge tonight?” to raucous laughter from John D. Then there are a few tittering college girls, not too many, and some younger folks, all with dyed, asymmetrical hair and jean jackets. The music is getting a little louder—Dean realizes he hasn’t been paying much attention to it, but now Cas is swaying just slightly in his seat. Not like he’s too drunk to sit up. He’s just… kind of dancing. His shoulders moving back and forth.
“Dessert first,” she says into his neck. He elbows her hard enough to send her stumbling back, then dives several feet out of the way.
Not so fast. According to the lore, there is one way to circumvent the curse even if you come into contact with it, so I say better safe than sorry.
“I’m fine,” he grunts, but it’s starting to feel a little bit too familiar, lying on the ground, breathing through the pain, Cas kneeling over him, helpless and horrified. His head spins a little. “It’s fine. Just let me—” When he tries to throw out an arm to lift himself up, he can’t. He groans through a tightly closed mouth. “Okay.”
“Well,” says Dean, suddenly feeling a lot of pressure, “I guess it’s no homemade crust, but I’m a beggar, not a chooser. Thank you Eileen.” He nods toward Eileen, who nods back. “And thank you… Cas.”
“Wait,” Dean says. “So every time we watch something, you—we watched the whole—you knew what was gonna happen in
Cas sits down on the couch, Eileen in a chair in the opposite corner. Dean and Sam head to Sam’s office. (
Dean looks up at him, says the first thing that comes to mind: “I need you.” He watches in Cas’s eyes as Cas totally loses his mind, shoves Dean’s head forward.
on the ground. Dean is about to pick it up—he’s not even sure why, it just feels unsafe to have it lying on the ground—when the werewolf grabs him from behind.
This isn’t what Dean means to say next, but it is what he says next: “But why didn’t he give it to me?” Embarrassing.
Sam scribbles something down. “Okay,” he says, “you’re sure you don’t want Castiel? Might be a pain in the ass later if you change your mind.”
Which is a ticket right back to guilt-town, population Dean. This isn’t the first time he’s thought about it—when the gates of Heaven and Hell closed for good, when the monster populations started dying off at what would be a concerningly rapid pace if they weren’t monsters, Dean didn’t really mean to take things into his own hands. It was just kind of what happened. Most hunters knew he was back on the road and had stayed out of his way unless he called them up himself. He’s not so sure what that says about his reputation anymore. Maybe it says the thing he’d realized a few weeks into it, before Cas had come back: He put a whole lot of people out of work. And yeah, it’s thankless, unpaid, deadly work; yeah, maybe everybody should be grateful. But hunting isn’t just a job, it’s a lifestyle, and it’s a lifestyle Dean Winchester unthinkingly crushed under his boot when he saved the world. Some of these people have never known anything else—don’t want to. Honestly, Dean was one of them. How are they supposed to assimilate into society, get jobs, live normal lives? Theoretically that’s what Sam’s little assembly line is for, but Sam can only do so much for these people. He can’t change how they feel inside, can’t make it less of a loss.
“I really fucked up with you. I blamed you for shit you didn’t deserve to be blamed for. Rowena. Mom. Everything. And in Purgatory I said I forgive you, but that’s—that’s not enough. I know that. I shouldn’t have blamed you. I didn’t blame anybody else. I just blamed you. And that wasn’t fair. I can’t—I just expected so much of you. I thought you had all the answers, and then you didn’t, and it hurt me, so I tried to hurt you. And you never, never tried to hurt me back. You were always a better person than me. Even when you weren’t a person.”
Dean hurtles forward, blood running hot. He isn’t sure what he’s feeling, but whatever it is, he hasn’t felt it in years. The vamp throws a hand out and scratches at him, but he ducks just in time, punching him in the stomach with all the power he can muster, machete handle packed into his fist. The vamp doubles over, groaning, and Dean elbows him in the middle of the back, taking him down to his knees. One hand holds the guy’s shoulder while the other holds the machete to his throat.
Sometimes Cas still forgets to drink water, and Dean will catch him at the sink in the evening, filling up glass after glass, draining them, filling them again. He’ll fall asleep at the kitchen table, on top of his laptop or whatever book he’s reading—he loves reading, but whines that it’s a much slower process now—at off hours. Certain sounds bother him, loud ones catch him off guard, quiet ones grate at him, but sometimes he complains that he feels his senses are blunted, that being an angel was like operating at maximum capacity and maximum efficiency and being a human is like running on a half-tank—like losing the ability to see certain colors, or at least certain shades. He’s a sucker for sensory input, loves food, loves sex, loves listening to music, but gets nauseous when Dean drives a little too fast. Once he’d stared at the bedroom light switch for a long time before grumbling and standing to hit it, and when Dean pointed out that he’d never really used his telekinesis as an angel either, he’d said, “It’s about the principle of the matter.” Another time Dean thought he’d caught him crying in the backseat of Baby in the middle of the night, but Cas straightened up quick, said he’d just remembered he’d left his phone in the car and felt compelled to come get it. When Dean woke up alone in the bed that night, his first thought was acceptance:
After a few moments of playful swaying, Dean tries to spin him, feeling a little smug when he executes it perfectly and Cas turns around looking shocked and delighted. He doesn’t even think about it—he pulls Cas into a tight hug and says, “I’m glad you’re back.”
“You know, I still don’t understand why they call it ‘downtown,’” Cas says, distracted. “I’ve lost my innate sense for the cardinal directions since becoming a human, but
“Seven on Monday,” says Dean, “got it.” Sam spreads his arms wide, grinning, and Dean waves him off. “Anything else I need to know before then?”
But he’s got an itchy trigger finger, in more ways than one. He misses hunting. He’s jealous of Claire, he recognizes, actually jealous, a burning deep in his gut. It should be a good thing that the monster populations are depleting; that’s what they were always trying to do, right? Get rid of the damned things. But this isn’t that. He doesn’t get a choice. He doesn’t get to
All I'm saying is I'm not trying to subject you guys to my... sexual history. Look, I'm doing you both a favor.
For a moment, Cas stares forward, at the ground. Dean is about to ask if he’s okay when he looks up and says, “You.”
I mean, Lisa doesn't know I exist, and I never really miss her as much as I think I should. Cassie probably moved on a long time ago - good for her. Amara is off doing literally God-knows-what with Chuck. And Ca -
“I want what you want, Dean.” He means it. A thread of sheer terror starts unspooling through Dean, and then dissolves into tenderness.
“I just mean—” He’s scrambling now. “I know it probably seems like I hate him. And I thought I did for a second. But I don’t. He’s just—I don’t know. He’s really. Gay.”
“Ice,” says Dean. “Just get me some ice.” Stupid, stupid, fucking stupid. First the werewolf and now this. What is he, a fucking Looney Tune? It’s not like Sam is out there post-apocalypse getting his shit totally wrecked on the daily. Then again, Sam just sits at a desk all day. Maybe, he thinks, it isn’t just that Chuck’s plot protection is kaput—maybe Jack is, like, actively doing this. He feels bad as soon as he thinks it. Knows it’s ridiculous. Dean knows he would deserve it if Jack wanted to punish him, but Jack’s too good for that, and besides: hands-off universe-parenting, right?
She steps out of the way, still mostly dazed, and Dean’s grateful for the easy exit until he steps back into the living room to see none other than Gregory chatting Cas up, nearly pinning him against the wall. Well, okay, they’re not really near a wall. But the look Gregory is giving him is positively lecherous.
“I just… I really want to land this,” Cas says. He sighs. “I don’t want to think about job applications anymore.”
“I like having you fuck me, all right?” He grab’s Cas’s face, looks him directly in the eyes, which are dilating just as Dean stares into them. “It makes sense and it feels good. Really good. And until further notice, I want to keep doing it, okay? Is that what you want to hear?”
Cas places his hand gently over Dean’s on his arm, rubs it absently. Dean recalls the case with the guy whose heart beat out of his chest.
“You—oh.” They haven’t really talked about that. Dean knew, obviously. But they haven’t talked about it much.
Well, two can play at that game. He goes and grabs his laptop, scrolls through job listings. There are a couple garages in town taking applications. He texts Sam:
Then we see Kara on a split screen: a beautiful woman, also early thirties, wearing big chunky earrings and a fashionable sweater. She looks like she smells good, but in an intimidating way.
In the grand scheme of things, Cas found out how gifts work, like, yesterday. He’s still shocked by them. Still doesn’t think he deserves them.
“I wasn’t there. I was listening but I wasn’t there in front of you.” He drops his hand and Dean pulls his away slowly. “Dean, you have to learn to tell me what you’re thinking when I’m here. You can’t pray to me anymore. I won’t be able to hear you.”
Castiel drops his hand. Opens his eyes. Looks at his reflection. He squints, tilts his head at himself. It feels like... Was he upset about something? He can't remember.
“Well,” Dean says, finally smiling, “good.” He decides not to push it. Instead, he glances at his watch. “Shit, I’d better get back to the garage.” He gives Cas one more quick kiss, says, “Love you. See you later.”
Dean feels a flash of pity that turns into self-pity when he realizes that he hasn’t had a lot of repeats either—mostly it’s been one-and-done deals for him. He kisses the top of Cas’s head.
“When we found out you were coming, we bought the stuff to make pie,” he says. “You know, premade crust and stuff.”
Eventually they get tired of the silence. Cas turns the TV back on, gets ready for bed. He doesn’t ask Dean to get another room, and Dean doesn’t offer.
“Sure you are!” says Sam. “Look, half the people who already have these jobs aren’t qualified for them. You’ll be fine. If you’d rather look in another field, though, we can do that.”
Dean looks at him like he doesn't totally buy it. Maybe, Castiel thinks, it didn't take - maybe this can't be erased -
Sam rolls his eyes. “We can have this talk if you want to, Dean, but I don’t think you really want to.”
They do all the dumb road trip stuff Dean never really felt interested in doing with Sam: stopping in at dilapidated Midwest amusement parks and non-haunted tourist traps; going to the drive-in movie to see
Dean feels his jaw set but he can’t do anything about it. “And why don’t I get to be a part of any of this, huh?”
“When I first decided to fall, I was worried—I was worried that you would stop caring again when you knew that I’d forgiven you. Or that you had ulterior motives for praying to me, that you needed something. If the last few years are any indication, you only ever seem to need me when you need something from me.”
Thank you, Kara. Do you mind if we take a look around? It'll give you a break. Let us know if you think of anything.
“We’ll get you back in the game sooner or later, buddy.” Dean starts pulling Cas by the arm. “Come on.”
“He doesn’t know I’m back, does he?” Cas’s inquisitive, never-ending head tilt, his gentle eyes—aggravating.
“What?” says Dean, genuinely surprised by the question. “Yeah. Hunting is going well. Out on the open road.” He shrugs, takes another drink. Then, more quietly: “Cas is back.”
“The Club,” says Dean, raising his eyebrows and looking back over his shoulder at Cas, who nods stiffly. “How mysterious.” He takes the note and says, “Much obliged, ma’am.”
Sam lets it go. He heads off to roll up the carpet, and Dean returns to drywalling. A few hours later, there’s no carpet left in the house—just those really nice hardwood floors. They’ve just cracked open some celebratory beers—Dean is finally off his pain meds—when they hear Eileen’s car pulling into the driveway.
“I’m serious, Dean.” Cas reaches up to pull Dean’s hand down to his chest. He holds it there. Right over his thrumming heart. “This is a lot for me to take in.”
“It’s not today,” Cas says. “It’s not today.”  He touches Dean’s forehead with two fingers, caresses his jaw, puts his palm flat on his chest, every way he’s ever healed Dean, desperate for something, anything to work. When nothing does, he gasps like a dam has been broken in him, starts to sob. Dean has never seen him cry like this before. The only time Dean has ever seen Cas cry at all was the day he first told Dean he loved him, the day he was taken to the Empty for what they both thought was forever. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you. I couldn’t protect you. I slowed you down, I—I distracted you. Dean, no, Dean.”
“Thanks so much for coming, Dean,” Bridget says, turning his way with a smile that looks a little out-of-place on her sharp face. “Cas is a delight, and we really want to make him feel at home with us. Both of you.”
You probably think I'm horrible for laughing. I don't know how long you're supposed to wait to laugh after a bad thing happens. Things just feel so weird.
Dean can't help but laugh at that. God, he's in love. It physically hurts. He steps forward again and Cas meets him in the middle. They're basically face-to-face now, both on edge.
Just like Sam said, this seems right somehow, a foregone conclusion, but for some reason one that hadn’t ever occurred to Dean. Sam always seemed more likely to settle down, sure, but he said it himself a hundred times: Not marriage. Then again, it’s Eileen, and she’s already family. Then again, that’s just it: She’s already family. Why do they need anything more than that? Then
He looks sweet, standing there in jeans and a yet-unbuttoned flannel—with assistance from Sam’s cash, he now personally owns 5 plain t-shirts, one pair of jeans, two flannels, several pairs of underwear, a watch, a belt, one pair of black boots, and (for undercover purposes) a suit from Goodwill that Dean took to an old lady in Kenosha to get tailored for fifteen dollars. All the essential parts of a man’s wardrobe, in Dean’s opinion. Looking at him standing there, Dean thinks about how much things have changed in the few weeks since Cas has gotten back. How little. Cas has been shaving (to Dean’s minor disappointment) and he got a haircut last week, so now he’s back to looking like regular old Cas. Just in different clothes. Dean kind of misses the old uniform, he’ll admit, but there’s still something about seeing Cas in hunting clothes that feels right, or at least wrong enough to be worthwhile.
Cas hums a little indignant noise. “Well, God is my son, and I love him very much,” he says. “I think I’m entitled to some reasonable concern.”
Maintenance guy. Just happened to come in to change the filters within the hour. We got the time from the last call on the cell phone.
Cas stands too, shaking his head. “I’ll take your bag back out to the car,” he tells Claire, and then Dean and Claire are alone in the house. She gets up too, heads over towards to Dean—stuffs her hands in her pockets, then brings one back out to punch Dean in the shoulder. “You’ve gone soft, Dean-o.”
Dean gives him one last chaste kiss, pulls all the way away. “I told Sam we’d be over at 5, and it’s 5:30. He’ll have an aneurysm.” He pats Cas’s shoulder hard. “Cold shower,” he says.
“In a sense,” Cas says. “It’s hard to explain. The human brain can only contain so much information, and it can process even less.”
“That’s awesome,” he says, “that’s so awesome, Cas, I’m so proud of you. Jesus, what did you say to them?”
DEAN and CASTIEL are having a drink together in the library - just hanging out, talking. The Apocalypse World portal comes up, as always.
“Whoa. Who is this and what did he do with Dean Winchester?” He sniffs loudly. Rubs his face. Sits next to Dean on the bed. He finally seems to calm down. “What do you mean?”
Sam rolls his eyes, then remembers that Dean is under an honesty curse. It's a little sweet if you think of it that way. He smirks and heads over to the driver's seat.
For a second, Dean remembers: Cas was gone. For so long. Because of him. Somehow, tonight, he’d almost managed to forget.
The waitress comes and sets the food down in front of them. For a few minutes, they eat, discussing case details. From the jukebox in the corner, “Love Shack” by the B-52s begins to play.
“There’s a lot I still don’t know about human sexuality,” he says. “But I know when something’s up with you.”
The next morning, Dean sleeps in—he gets a good six hours. When he rolls out of bed and heads to the bathroom, he walks past Sam’s office, where the door is barely ajar. He hears voices inside. Sam and Cas. He thinks seriously about stopping to eavesdrop, but realizes they’re probably talking about him, and he doesn’t want to know.
“We don’t need health insurance,” says Dean with a dismissive wave. “We survived without it this long.”
And then whatever other fucked up shit is going on inside Dean is overtaken by a wave of pride so severe it almost knocks him over as he stands and says, “Come here, man,” hauling Sam up into a massive hug. When he’s done squeezing Sam for all he’s worth, he snatches Eileen up too, but she seems prepared and almost beats him to the swaying embrace. “Fuckin’—congrats, you two.”
Then Dean hugs Eileen; Eileen hugs Cas; Dean thinks about joking that Sam and Eileen should hug and then he and Cas, but he thinks it might be weird, so he doesn’t.
He waits for Cas, and waits, and waits. He checks his phone when it’s been eighteen minutes. When it’s been twenty-four. Thirty-six. They get off work at the same time and have about the same commute in opposite directions, so he’s not sure what gives. Cas didn’t text him and he always gets home at almost the same exact time. Maybe he went out with his work friends. But why not text him? This is nothing, right? This is nothing. Back when they lived in the bunker, Cas would just disappear for days—weeks—without responding to texts or calls. Why should it be any different now?
Cas doesn’t say anything, his head resting on Dean’s shoulder, just holds Dean a little tighter, grasping the back of his jacket.
Dean feels like Cas just punched him in the stomach. He hadn’t even stopped to think carefully about what to say in front of Cas. He doesn’t know how Cas labels himself, if he does at all. Can an angel be gay? But he’s not even an angel anymore. Has Cas had sex with a man? Probably not, right? He’s barely had sex with a woman. Dean doesn’t want to think about this. He rushes to catch up to Cas.
John D leans in and whispers something to Cas. Cas laughs, whispers something back, and John D pats him on the shoulder before walking away, slinging his towel over his shoulder.
“And the hospital visit was covered by our health insurance,” Cas says. Dean bites the inside of his mouth.
That particular phrasing cuts a little close, given the circumstances, so Dean shuts his mouth. When Sam leaves the room to gather sandwiches, Cas stands too, and comes around the table to place his hands on Dean’s shoulders.
Basking in the endless entertainment of Cas’s rapidly cycling facial expressions, Dean is taking a sip the moment Cas says, “No, it’s short for Castiel.” He nearly spits out his beer.
“No worries,” says Dean. “Sammy can forge you a degree. He can forge you an everything. You’re gonna need ID, a birth certificate…”
Cas says it like it’s the simplest thing in the world. Of course he heard them. Dean fills up with guilt, with humiliation, thinks,
Dean can’t argue with that. He physically can’t, because the language part of his brain is short-circuiting. He puts a light hand on Cas’s head, strokes his hair. Then Cas is sucking his dick.
“So, what,” Dean says, “Jack’s not taking advantage of the built-in heavenly host of freshly reanimated employees?”
Dean opens his mouth, points his finger, but says nothing. “You got me there,” he says finally. “But, what, you gonna go by Jimmy now? I’m not callin’ you Jimmy.”
But then Dean remembers his fucking solemn daily vow to do better, to do better for Cas—in general, but especially for Cas—and this isn’t doing better. This is letting Cas handle his shit for him, yet again. So he leans in tentatively, giving Cas a quick peck on the cheek before he loses his nerve.
“Yes,” Cas says, and he turns to Ren to clarify: “You remind us of an old friend. A beloved friend. She was also invested in computers and bobbleheads.”
“You do keep me alive. Every day.” He leans in close enough to rest his forehead against Cas’s. “You know I’m trying to do the same for you, right?”
Well... We would all have to tell our deepest, darkest romantic secrets. Just kind of clear the air so the curse doesn't have anything to grab onto.
“You’re trying,” Cas says, so softly, and that’s all there is to it. He’s right. Dean is trying. It feels weird to admit and even weirder to have it acknowledged out loud. It’s not like he wasn’t trying before—he’s been trying so hard his whole life, trying so, so hard. He’s just trying different things now.
They’re packing in the early evening—separate bags, since Cas finally got his own small wardrobe and a duffel bag so he wouldn’t have to share valuable luggage space with Dean anymore—when Cas says, “So tomorrow, after this, you’re…”
“Things have always been complicated for us, Dean.” Cas is starting to melt, to look more tired than righteous again. “I don’t recall any time when there wasn’t something coming between us.”
Looks like she might start crying again. Castiel holds up the tissue box. She holds up a hand: thanks, but not right now.
“He performs in drag at a local gay bar. He’s invited me several times—he seems to think you would enjoy it especially.”
Cas smirks. Leans in to kiss Dean on the cheek. “Maybe,” he says. He leans back and pulls the covers up around him. “We could watch that movie now.”
,” he says, and he tries to roll over, but it’s harder than it should be, hurts more than it should. Hurts at all, is the problem.
“Oh, hey,” says Sam, “I didn’t know you guys were coming over.” Then he peeks out the door and glances around. “Where’s Cas?”
“I see,” he says. “I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t think about the consequences for my ravenous appetite. I will… be less hungry.”
He thinks about Cas, asleep right down the hall. This really is his life now. Cas in his bed every night, every morning; a house; a job. Dinner at Sam’s several times a week. Claire visiting on occasion. Jack, out there, somewhere, kind of. Every few days he has to process it all anew. But at least he’s processing. A few years ago he would have ignored reality, whatever it was, until it came to collect. Now? Well, he’s here, at least. He’s present. Or he’s trying to be.
“Mom! They are boyfriends! I told you they were boyfriends!” a kid screamed in between the claps and whistles.
It was not Jimmy’s fault, though, according to Castiel. The webpage was really random, and some of the countries that were selected by Gabriel’s raffle were extremely unexpected as well as, clearly, not first selections for tourism destinations. Castiel wide-eyed at a couple of announcements, even though he thought it best to point out his discomfort only if one of them was selected by the raffle box. Castiel didn’t want to upset Gabriel, who was reading the countries’ descriptions with enthusiasm while doing the selection and clearly having fun with everybody else.
The bakery was working better than ever. After Castiel fixed all his financial issues, paying off all the debts he had acquired over the years with his wholesalers and the local authorities, it was as if the store had reawakened. Castiel felt in peace, free, with no pressure over his shoulders, in such a way he started trying new recipes and cakes to sell, planning commercial strategies and even studying new ways to promote the store. The bakery staff felt Castiel’s reborn determination, and they all worked hand in hand with him to improve it. It was a long succession of stressing months and unceasing work, but none of them regretted a single minute of them.
Jimmy looked at him, somehow disappointed that Castiel was still unsure of what was better for him at that point. He said nothing, though, since Gabriel spoke first.
Castiel smiled and left the phone. He put the socks on and took it again. He added Dean to the phone contacts, somehow he didn’t like watching just the number, it felt impersonal. Then he answered.
“Well, it’s all settled,” Frank said a couple of minutes later, after reviewing the contracts and certificates. Frank filed away the paperwork, and Castiel and Gabriel stood up to leave. “Now all you have to do is wait a couple of days, and I will come to you with the property and the keys to the bakery.” He walked them both to the door and took Castiel by the arm, looking at him gravely, “I was serious about my offer of the restraining order. When I go to your house to hand you over the keys, I will make you sign that too. That ass won’t ruin the business Anna took her whole life to build, understood?” he announced, cryptically, patting both of their backs. “Now, leave me alone,” he said, and closed the door behind them.
“It’s okay, Cas. It’s okay,” Dean said and kept quiet. Castiel stayed in silence as well, as if he was waiting for Dean to be the first one speaking. And that happened. “I don’t want us to part the way we did earlier today anymore. I don’t want you to be angry at me… I’m… fuck, I’m horrible externalizing my feelings.”
“I know that, Sam, he told me,” Dean interrupted, his mind wandering through different possible scenarios. It couldn’t be. They wouldn’t be that dreadful.
. It turns out it’s quite similar to our barbecue, so I told the guys and we thought it would be cool if we tempted you a little bit before you made your decision.”
Castiel left the car and walked to the sidewalk. “I TRUST YOU, DEAN!” he yelled, completely out of his mind, surprising both the taxi driver and Dean himself.
“My daughter is not hot for her uncle, so don’t compare,” Kali said out of nowhere, appearing from the kitchen door when Dean was distracted. “This is exactly what confuses Gabriel,” she added, handing Dean his mug and sitting in the opposite armchair. “He told me about you more than once, and for him you were a monster. A despicable villain that would destroy Castiel’s life,” she started drinking her coffee, and stopped for a couple of seconds. “Then you appear here, and it turns out you’re exactly the opposite of that imaginary demon, and that hurts his ego, Dean. He is incredibly prideful, and I confess most of the time he is not wrong about people. In your case he was, or you’re the best actor we have ever met.”
Castiel answered nothing back and kept on walking, looking defeated and thoughtful. “Nevertheless, they still don’t produce honey.”
Jo looked at him as she didn’t believe a single word of what he was saying, and Castiel realized that was probably what was happening. They stared a couple of seconds until Jo sighed deeply and sat down at Castiel’s desk.
Dean sighed and deepened his embrace in answer, but didn’t say a thing. It was not difficult for him to realize Castiel was disappointed by that, and his heart hurt a little for it. “What do you think about the offer?” he tried to say, changing completely the topic, but Castiel didn’t answer straight away. He felt somehow tense in Dean’s opinion, and he didn’t like it.
Dean had no idea how much time they stayed like that, until his left leg started showing some signs of numbness. He made some movements in order to break the hug and then called Castiel’s name a couple times, but the baker didn’t move or respond to Dean’s calls.
“I take it that your conversation with him the other day didn’t go well…” Castiel asked, eating his own sandwich.
what I was talking about,” Benny replied and poured the chocolate mixture in the tart. “See? It’s easy from now on, you have to leave it in the fridge for a couple of hours and that’s it. It’s ready to eat,” he handed the pan to Dean and the accountant went to the fridge to leave it. “Do you want me to teach you how to make Castiel’s favorite sauce?” Benny added and Dean went for it, with a renewed stamina, consequence of his conversation with the bakery staff. Deep down Dean considered them his friends and appreciated them grandly for what they were doing for him and Castiel.
♥ Microcentro is referred to the main commercial zone in Buenos Aires. It’s not a city ward per-se, but people know which districts it is formed by. The plot will be focused in there, because even when I don’t live there is a zone I know a lot, and I wanted to give the fic as much realism as possible, showing real places, and real landscapes where Dean and Castiel could walk and fall in love with each other. Although, Argentina is pretty big and diverse, so if you plan a visit here, I suggest you meet not only the main city, but also the beaches, the mountains, the countrysides, the waterfalls, the deserts, etc. etc. etc. You will be received awesomely in every single place.
The main focus of the group after that exchange was talking about things Castiel should do and activities he should try to gain friends quickly. It led to multiple anecdotes and laughs, and soon the subject of money was left aside. They ended up booking a business class seat cheaper than in other airlines because it had two stops along the way.
The next thing Castiel remembered was blinking awake groggily, squinting suddenly at the way too bright fluorescent lights above his eyes. So it seemed, he had fallen asleep on the train, though he wasn’t sure for how much time. It was not a rare occurrence, but it wasn’t something Castiel (or his neck) particularly enjoyed either. Grumbling he looked beside him and noticed someone new was sitting there. He was now squished in between an old lady, well-dressed and elegant, and a schoolboy, who was playing some game on his phone.
“Sandover has incredible amounts of money, and when you have money, you can buy anyone. Journalists, politicians, other businessmen…”
“I’m watching the spectacle between Claire and the fancy guy at that table,” he pointed out, moving his finger discreetly. “As far as I could hear, he doesn’t want any food and Claire is mocking him...”
“Don’t lie to me, Dean,” he replied, in a gravelly tone almost menacing that aroused Dean even more, to the point it was starting to be notorious in his jeans. Castiel stopped whatever thing Dean wanted to say next with a new kiss, hungrier than the previous ones. Dean interpreted that as a sign to keep on going so he took Castiel by the waist and walked him to the nearest wall, pressing him against it. Castiel welcomed the gesture taking Dean by the ass, and moaning in answer to how close (and hard) they both were. “It’s a pity it’s winter and we are clothed,” he said, in between gasping, once Dean decided to change Castiel’s mouth for his neck.
He confirmed it, anyway. And with that, he left. He wanted to hug Cas goodbye, or kiss him on the cheek as he had done with Charlie, but he couldn’t do it. They went from being in each other’s space, to being embarrassed to look at each one, and Dean didn’t like that. Dean wanted to look at Castiel and be looked at by him as much as possible. He wanted the completion of whatever they were sharing, in front of whoever wanted to look.
“Why are you looking at me like this, Sam? It’s not like it’s complicated!” Dean reacted to Sam’s severe gaze. “I will resign and that’s all. What more do you want me to do? To dance the Macarena in front of the prick?”
“Perfect,” Castiel decided, without a problem and left the room. He called at Charlie he would be coming back in a while and disappeared outside.
“Do you really think I wanted them at my wedding? They don’t dance!” he used to say to Castiel, every time he got to mention it. “I think the overdose of sugar you have in this store is making you bad in the head, buddy,” he said as well, often, ironically, eating a big piece of cake or the biggest donut on the counter, and Castiel smiled at that. He appreciated Gabriel’s presence and support, even when he was sure he didn’t deserve it. That’s why every time Gabriel wanted to buy cookies or chocolates for his baby daughter Mary, Castiel gave them for free.
serious,” Castiel replied, smiling. “I will try your idea. I will go to Argentina,” he added, and the verdict was received with cheers and a roar of applause that Castiel found moving. “At least for a couple of months so I can try it. Then we will see…”
“Oh, I love this song!” Castiel said once he came back to Dean with the mocha in his hands. Dean paid attention to the background music and it was Pink Floyd. Today was surely a day when Kevin chose what they would be playing. “I think it fits you,” he added, surprising Dean.
“I don't have much, I’d be able to carry everything with me in a suitcase,” Castiel recognized before clicking to buy the seat. When the payment was accepted the room erupted in claps and Castiel had no other option than laughing. They all really wanted for him to start over. Castiel found it endearing funnily enough.
Hours later, alone in his apartment, after a heated discussion with his brother and the last minute bomb he’d thrown before hanging up, Dean realized how much he appreciated the offer.
“If they define a person over the money they have, they are not worth the analysis,” Dean replied, never losing his affectionate tone. “The point is, people like you because you’re amazing. You’re not an idiot. You’re not stupid. And to be honest you’re not even in debts anymore…”
“I understand, still, it’s his own life what you’re talking about. You cannot alienate him from that, don’t you think?” Sam asked. Dean said nothing. “Anyway, it’s logical. You make horrible decisions, he makes horrible decisions, the two of you attract each other and fall in love. It’s like you were destined for be.”
?” he read, outrageous. “What is this, a fucking prison?” he asked, louder than intended, and a couple of employees turned around to look at him. Becky made them leave, belittling Dean’s words.
“Kid,” Bobby groaned. “Guess better, use your academic brain properly or I’m ending this conversation.”
At that time an outrageous sound surprised them all, and only after the whole Sandover family stood up to look at whatever was behind him, Dean realized it had been the noise of the Meeting Room’s door, opening and closing quickly and firmly.
Castiel understood and shook his head. “I have no problems with the music group,” he said. “It’s something else.”
“Two of a kind,” she replied and smiled him back. “Perhaps that’s why we argue all the time,” she sighed deeply and looked at the ceiling but said nothing else. Someone called her name from the main room and she disappeared to attend them.
“If I leave, she will start it with you again,” Castiel replied, and Jimmy shook his head, denying it.
That was exactly Dean Winchester’s case. After a tough childhood, he succeeded in making it to Kansas University, earning his Accounting Degree with honors, years later. He tried his luck sending his CV to a bunch of different companies, and even when others called him first to schedule an interview with him, he declined them all once Ezekiel from
Bobby looked at Castiel stupefied. “Thank you kid, it truly was,” he said finally, and resumed eating. Castiel looked satisfied with himself, and went to Ellen, congratulating her on the delicious meal.
"I have no idea," he confessed. "Whatever makes me drunk quicker," Castiel decided and Ellen went for it, shaking her head some more and leaving him alone.
Then someone wolf-whistled behind them and the spell was broken. Dean turned around and it was that Krissy girl, from the other day. But it was not only her; basically every table, or rather everyone in the bakery was looking at them, most of them with sloppy smiles. Dean wanted to feel embarrassed and exposed, weak and defeated, but on the contrary, he felt an inner power he didn’t remember he had.
One day, a couple of weeks after meeting Dean, Johanna Beth Harvelle came to the office with everybody’s lunch. She was Ellen Harvelle’s daughter and the Roadhouse main employee. Jo was in charge of tables, when she was inside the bar, and delivering orders, when she felt like going out. Castiel couldn’t say she was his friend, formally, but she always cared about his well-being and added extra mayonnaise when he ordered seafood salads.
Dean woke him up when they arrived, minutes later. “Will you be able to walk to the door, find your apartment and all that?” he asked and Castiel considered his answer a little.
Jo listened to every sentence with attention. At some points Castiel noticed she made weird faces, like remembering or comprehending something she didn’t before, but Castiel didn’t pay much attention to that, preferring to share his whole heart for once with someone else. He told her his family problems as well, and how his brothers didn’t understand him, and how he found himself in complicated situations because he hadn’t the same priorities as they had. Jo nodded, and understood. And Castiel lost the track of time. At the point of finishing, he glanced at the clock and realized an hour passed without him noticing it.
“Oh God, you admitted it!!” she yelled, all customers focusing their attention on them again. “Repeat that last sentence you said, please!” she begged, and Dean looked at her clueless. Seconds later he understood and groaned, dropping his head into his hands when Charlie started dancing behind the counter. “I will tell you a secret, just a little one,” she got close to Dean, who was still trying to recover from the subconscious confession he had just made. “Castiel hates nicknames, did you know that?” she said and Dean shook his head. “Of course you didn’t. Castiel has no problem if
“Like going to Bobby’s garage to talk to him and mom so we can catch up and mend our relationship, calling Sam daily to see how he’s doing, listening to rock music, spending my free time at my favorite bakery pestering my favorite baker…” Dean enumerated, flirtatiously and both guys smiled at that.
“I’m just passing through, thanks anyway. I have to meet with Sam and Gabriel in an hour,” he replied and Missouri looked at him confused. “Sam came back, for a couple of weeks, to help me with something. I’ve got you with that piece of news! You didn’t know it!” Missouri faked feeling insulted and Dean laughed. “I will tell him to come here and say hi. Or… you know, perhaps it’s better if you come home to meet him and Sarah so we don’t make Jess feel bad or anything… I mean…” he stopped, Missouri looking at him in a way that implied she knew more than she was saying. “What I’ve wanted to say was… I came here to, well, you know…” he sighed. “Thank you, Missouri!” Dean finally blurted. He still didn’t understand why saying the things he honestly felt was so difficult for him. “I didn’t know at that time, when I left your office the last time, but you were right. About everything you’ve said,” he started and Missouri kept quiet. “About my work, my decisions, my… love life… I mean, I have a boyfriend now…”
“One of my cousins talked with the receptionist of a hotel, and he told her I would be going there,” Castiel explained with ease and the guy nodded, looking interested. It was surreal. “He didn’t pay or anything, he just promised I would be there. I don’t want to renege on that, but I have an inconvenience... I lost the paper with the hotel’s information somewhere. The taxi driver that brought me here asked me the same, but I couldn’t answer him either.”
“It’s just I’m working my ass off enough for you to at least recognize that I’m doing better than weeks ago, but it looks like nothing is enough for you,” he replied, pissed off.
“Our cousin is the most difficult negotiator,” Balthazar said, “and certainly the only one we cannot persuade face to face, because of the legal tricks he’s put on us.” He sighed, as if in pain for what he was saying. “The rest of the block has already been surveyed, and the owners have expressed their interest in us,” he said and everybody concurred.
“Your cousin Zachariah!” Dean replied and it was like a heavyweight was released from his shoulders. It felt good. “And I’m not alone in this, Gabriel is helping me!” Castiel groaned and muttered something Dean didn’t catch. “I don’t know why you’re groaning. We are getting well, I was not lying yesterday. He hit me and gave me the cold shoulder for months but it’s in the past! And he is getting well with Sammy, that’s a good thing too.”
“They are Dean and Sam Winchester,” Gabriel interrupted, with a grave voice. “ And hope you remember there’s a kid in this house, so be respectful,” Gabriel warned, and Dean noticed an angry blush in his face, that was getting redder and redder with every passing second. Well, Dean and Gabriel discovered their first in common thing.
The hero looked at Castiel, his curiosity impossible to hide. He sat on the bench beside Castiel's, resting his arms on his knees. “You look nervous,” he said to Castiel, with a smile.
“I will take you up on it,” Castiel said and kept on looking through the glass. The city was as noisy as the airport, it was probably an Argentine characteristic after all. The fact scared Castiel a little. It was so different to his own personality… he hoped he could fit.
"Don’t waste your time, Windows is lame and I know you were taking a nap anyway," Gabriel said, and Castiel groaned. Gabriel was the last person he wanted to see right now.
Charlie winked at him, “I got it covered, cowboy,” she replied, jokingly and patting them both on their backs.
Dean laughed at the answer. “I call that sleeping, dude. Plus, you were snoring,” he said, fondling Castiel’s hair. “What would have happened if I started talking at five in the morning for instance...”
The phone vibrated again and Castiel looked at it with desperation. He took it and pressed the button to turn the screen on. “
“About that,” Dean said, trying to ease the intimate atmosphere that was present in between them with something more professional. “I’ve considered different options while driving here, but I reckon telling you the truth is the best thing I can do for you. Look,” Dean said, some seconds later, after releasing a deep sigh, “what I will say may sound weird but I like…”
Castiel paid no attention to the song, nervous about Jo’s look, practically eating his brains out, until at some point he heard a particular verse.
Dean used the time he was losing there by sitting on the ground and practicing what he would say to Gabriel.
“We are here because we need to discuss for real what to do about you. Your situation has become far more dire than any of us wanted it to, and it needs to stop,” he said, and Castiel’s heart started beating quickly. What was Gabriel talking about?
"Hello, sir, welcome to McDonalds. May I take your order?" the boy asked Castiel and he felt all the nervousness coming back to his body at once.
“I have to go inside,” Castiel said eventually, pointing out at the door. The guy turned his head so they were looking at each other, probably for a last time. “Anyway, I want to thank you for what you’ve done for me. You’ve—”
“You will burn in hell, repugnant pig!” she yelled before leaving the room slamming the door. She didn’t pay attention to Dean, who was still sitting on the armchair, looking at her curiously. It was crazy, no doubt, but somehow he thought he knew her from somewhere. That long hair, severe pose and glamorous clothes. Wasn’t she…?
, even more than before. Sorry for being impulsive. Sorry for making stuff without telling you. Sorry for not being different than the rest who did the same. Sorry for being an asshole who was never in love before.
“I can’t wait,” Dean wrote and sent. Seconds later, after checking out the clock and noticing it was later than three, he sent a new one. “I will be there in an hour,” it said and Dean didn’t know if he was possessed by someone but he sent a third one with a winky face. Castiel answered nothing back, and Dean couldn’t believe how anxious that made him. It couldn’t be explained with normal words how screwed up he was.
The fact was that Dean was absolutely amazed by Castiel, and he couldn’t hide it anymore. It was not only about who he was as a person, but also how he was as a boss. Dean was really impressed by how busy the bakery was and how Castiel managed all that. The tables were basically full the whole time, and there was a really interesting flow of customers coming and going at the counter, always with a smile and a salutation. Sometimes Castiel served, sometimes it was Charlie. Kevin and Claire had more than enough work serving tables and Benny was full time in the kitchen, preparing cakes and breads. It was a shop that worked non-stop, six days a week, whose staff knew one another perfectly and respected their activities. Dean realized he would love working in a place like that.
"Let me introduce myself so you can know I’m not lying," Dean said, sitting in his stool again. "My name is Dean Winchester, I’m 33 years old and I’m an Aquarius. I enjoy sunsets and sunrises and classic rock. I live with my brother and his wife, at their house, but I have a car, and she is practically the only thing I have to my name. I work several jobs cos I’m trying to save as much money as possible to reach a personal dream of mine. I work with Bobby in his garage at the weekends, sometimes I assist the Kansas firefighters’ brigade, I work here every morning making lunch menus and some bakery, and well… I used to work at the McDonalds you were to, but I suppose I will have to replace that one," he declared, sounding apologetic.
Castiel kept on doing sums and counting bills, without looking at Dean’s eyes. He closed the cash register once he left some charge inside it (and noting it down on his scrapbook) and put the money in his backpack.
“I know, babe,” Dean sighed. “I promise I will help you finding it but now we can’t do it. Are you sure it’s not by the bedside?” Castiel nodded. “And in between all our clothes?” Castiel nodded as well. “I don’t know where else it could be.”
“Why would I cheat?” he wondered, but Gabriel didn't reply, making a spectacle every single time he clicked at the webpage and announced a name. Jimmy noted the countries down as Gabriel instructed, asking for a spell out more often than not.
“Stop pouting. Go and have fun,” Balthazar said and Castiel turned around, placing himself on one of the steps of the escalator. The suitcase was so big he had to put it in another one. Some seconds later, he couldn’t help it and turned to look at his family again.
“Sorry for Sam, he was looking forward to meeting you, and he can be intense when he is anxious. It’s my first time meeting Dean as well, so don’t feel alone,” she said, with a supportive tone.
She was the first one (and hopefully the only one) to notice the sparks that flew between him and Castiel every time their eyes met. She was respectful of Dean, though, and when he asked her to please stop teasing him, she did. He was already feeling guilty, he didn’t need her to add any more weight onto his back. That didn’t stop Charlie from saying from time to time that Dean was the Prince Charming she had always suggested Castiel would meet. His answer to that nonsense was always the same.
“Do you think you’re the only one fulfilling promises here?” he replied. His hair was messier than ever, but Dean wanted to crawl his fingers on it and dishevel it even more. “After we conclude our sex marathon, I will make you the stew.”
“Cool,” was Jimmy’s answer, probably quieter than the answer he would have given in another circumstance. “What do you think? Are you liking it?”
to his invitations, he’s already reserved the table for us, so tomorrow he will just come to the bakery to pick me up,” he sighed, tired.
“He walked to the shop and asked me to carry the pie with us instead of him cause he wanted to give you a surprise, love,” Ellen told him, with a wink, and Dean feel like fainting.
“That Miscellaneous Fees account is what is giving you shit, Cas. The reason for your problems. It’s completely unbalanced, and it makes no sense, even less if I see the real profits you’re making every day and you still are snowed up with mortgages,” Dean found Castiel by the sink, and placed himself to his side. He knew he was pushing but he needed some answers. He was sure whatever it was it would help him to make the better decisions for his own life, even if that sounded weird. “Do you like horses’ races, or I don’t know… Blackjack? I could help you with that, there are gambling counselors in Kansas, I’ve heard because of… someone,” he hesitated. “I could take you there, help you, Cas,” he started again but Castiel surprised him, placing his hands on both sides of Dean face, his own inches apart from Dean’s.
have sex more than once—either you hook up once, twice, and never again, or you enter sexless marriage territory. That hadn’t necessarily been the case with Cassie or Lisa. But with Lisa, sex hadn’t been one of the major factors, not the second time around, not after a couple of weeks. It was about that domestic fantasy: about caring and providing for her, for Ben, about the house, about trying to forget what happened to Sam, about slotting himself into the apple pie life whether there was room for him or not. And there wasn’t. Not then. Maybe now. He can hardly let himself think it.
“No!” says Dean, slamming his empty bottle down on Sam’s workbench. “No, Jesus, he found some stoners in the woods who gave him some clothes. I just figured he needed some more serious gear and, you know, we were kinda running on empty.”
“I’m right here,” says Dean. He leans down to kiss Cas’s neck again, then his jaw, then his mouth, slowly this time. “I’m here.”
“No, Cas, I—fuck.” Dean rolls over onto his side to face Cas. Warily, Cas turns his head to face Dean. They stare at each other for a few moments. Then Dean sits up again and Cas follows him like a reluctant shadow. “Would you listen to me? I meant it. I meant all of it. But this is—this is new for me, okay? This is hard.”
Dean will worm his hand out from under. He can tell it bothers Cas but neither of them say anything.
“It fit my needs at the time,” Cas says, still not looking anyone in the eyes. “I just might rather have… a sitting job this time.”
“We’re gonna get a couch,” Dean says, holding up a hand, “we just don’t have one yet. Sorry, Claire. Hard to decorate around a remodel. You mind staying with Sam? He has a real nice guest room.”
Dean leans forward slightly, feeling completely torn open, like all his muscles and organs are visible. Cas’s eyes widen, but he stays right where he is. Dean leans forward again. Again.
Drinks in hand, they make their rounds: Ren is in full, functional cosplay as some video game character; Kristi from the front desk is wearing what looks like it’s probably just her cheerleading uniform from high school. Gregory, thankfully, is nowhere to be found.
“No, Cas,” he starts. He can’t keep making Cas feel worse. “I mean, if you’re hungry, you’re hungry. That’s how it works. We just need to figure out something else for money.”
“A charm?” Dean says, his eyebrows shooting up near past his hairline. “Like, a spell? As in a magic spell? I thought you were done with all the hocus pocus, Sabrina.”
When he gets back home it’s still morning. He throws his keys in a dish on the counter and looks at the living room, the kitchen. Not finished, not nearly, but getting closer every day. And what then? He could knock out a good chunk of work today if he tried, but he’s feeling restless, not motivated. He flops into the one big chair in the living room and thinks about how empty it all looks, how sterile. They’ll have to get some real furniture soon. Dean’s stomach churns a little bit and he wonders if he’s hungry, or maybe really-super-not-hungry. Can’t tell. He checks his phone. Nothing from Cas, obviously, because Cas is having a nice, normal first day of work—probably orientation, meeting his coworkers. Cas, with coworkers. Probably saying some absolutely buckwild shit, white-knuckling it through polite society. Or maybe he fits in fine. Either way makes Dean feel just a little pleased and just a little heartbroken. Guilty too. He wants Cas to have a good time, to be able to belong to something outside Dean’s purview—of course he does. But it’s also the first time in months that they’ve been separated for more than a couple hours, really. Before that, radio silence for nearly a year; before that, well, it was complicated. So he’s got good reason to be a little antsy. It’s normal, he tells himself, over and over. It’s normal.
Dean’s eyes shot open at the words, and he stopped breathing when he saw Castiel standing in the doorway with a cup of water and a half-eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwich. His brows were furrowed and Dean’s sweatpants were hanging low on his hips, his bare feet shuffling as he stepped onto the chilly wood of Dean’s floor.
Now Dean was the one looking confused. “Why would you being around be uncomfortable? Cass, I love you. I want you here.”
Dean turned down the road that led into the park and slid into a spot, stopping the bike and fiddling with the keys until he felt Castiel untangle himself from around Dean’s body. He immediately felt cold and longed to be held again, the teasing ghost of Castiel’s hands zapping the warmth away. Regardless, even just a few seconds of being close to Castiel was worth more than anything.
Castiel jolted, and this time, he was able to pull out of Dean’s grip. His eyes widened, and his jaw dropped. “You did
“No. I promise.” He moved his hand from Dean’s shoulder to cup his neck. He leaned forward slowly, giving Dean plenty of time to move away.
happiness? What are you talking about? Dean, I’m not going away all the time because it makes me ‘happy.’”
Castiel rubbed his thumb in circles along the back of Dean’s hand, grabbing one of the sandwiches and nibbling on a corner of it as he looked at Dean. Dean’s eyes were glassy and he was not blinking, the hand not holding Castiel’s gripping the sandwich so tightly that the jelly was beginning to ooze over his fingers.
Sam pushed himself away from the counter and went over to the stove, grabbing a spoon out of one of the drawers and following his brother’s instructions. “Where is Cass, anyway? I haven’t seen him all day.”
Dean didn’t answer, letting out an irritated breath through his nose. “I’m not his keeper, Sammy. Dude can go wherever he wants, whenever he wants.” He pushed the last handful of bread in and straightened up, taking off the glove. “He knows dinner is at eight. He’ll be here.”
Dean’s stomach tightened as he glanced at Cas, tightening his grip on the food containers. “You look great, Cas,” he said softly, swallowing when one of Castiel’s curls decided to flip up. He resisted the urge to reach out and fix it, quickening his steps so that they would reach the prime picnic spot quicker. Relaxing with Castiel and sharing a meal with him had always been one of his favorite things to do, but Dean had known for weeks that this was going to be the day that he admitted what he really felt, so he was more than just a little bit anxious to get through the meal and see what Castiel had to say.
Castiel took the phone and stared at it for a second before putting the phone on the counter behind him. “I can talk to them later.” He reached over and put his hand on Dean’s lower back, his fingers tapping in small circles. “Why aren’t you with them? You don’t normally stay behind on hunts.”
“It doesn’t matter, Cas,” Dean cut him off, leaning forward and kissing him again. “Let’s get you cleaned up and fed, okay? You can wear something of mine, I don’t mind.”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and clenched the side of Dean’s jacket, which he had been holding onto whenever he felt like there was a chance the he would fall of (a constant worry that kicked in the moment that Dean decided to fly down the highway). He pulled the jacket towards himself, pressing his shoulders more firmly against the back of the seat.
Dean adjusted the water temperature until it was perfect, and before too long, Dean and Castiel were out and dressed in Dean’s softest sweatpants and tee shirts. Castiel sat down at the table in the kitchen, and Dean set to work on making the best breakfast he could out of the ingredients in the bunker’s freezer.
Dean shook his head. “I just didn’t want to go,” he lied, grabbing a plate from the cabinet and sliding the eggs onto it. He grabbed a couple of forks from the drawer and held the plate out to Castiel, taking a bite before letting the other man eat the rest. He moved on to making bacon, the sizzling sound of the grease leaking from the meat making Dean’s mouth water. “The bacon will be ready in a few minutes.”
He rolled over towards Castiel’s spot, grabbing the pillow that he had laid on and pulled it towards his chest. Castiel’s smell assaulted his senses, and Dean immediately lost it. He screamed into the pillow before sobbing, the lump in his throat making it hard to breathe. God, how was he going to do this? He doubted Billie would let him die if he tried to kill himself again, but by Chuck did that option still sound appealing. He didn’t want to be here if Castiel wasn’t. It just wasn’t fair.
Dean raced through the bunker towards the door, his heart pounding and his mouth going dry. “Please be close, please be close, please be close,” he murmured, sliding the last few feet in his socks and bending down to grab his shoes from next to the door. He started to slide his feet into them as he yanked open the door.
Dean spread his fingers apart and let out a long breath through his nose. “Just . . . come inside when you’re ready, all right? I’m going to go start putting leftovers away. It won’t be as good as it was fresh, but . . . at least you’ll have something to snack on if you get tired in the middle of the night. I made almost a dozen dishes so you can try some of everything.” He took the bag from Castiel. “Thanks for the pie.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel whispered, lifting his arms and hugging Dean back. He seemed to be crying, as well, the spot where his face was pressed into Dean’s shoulder dampening more and more with every second that ticked by. “I missed you.”
Sam and Dean had been too busy fighting off the monster's collegues to notice that their friend was missing, and by the time that they had, Castiel's head had gone under water more than once. Jack had managed to pull him out, but he had never been trained in CPR (nor had he ever heard of it, coincidentally), so it had been up to Sam and Dean to save their friend's life.
much.” He kissed him again, letting out a gentle laugh when he felt how much Dan’s hands were trembling when he pressed them against Castiel’s back. “Are you cold, Dean?”
Dean felt his stomach clench in frustration at Castiel's words. "Right. That's why you almost died again today. You're clearly doing /such/ a great job."
The caller on the other end only spoke two sentences before disconnecting the all. “You have your twenty-four hours. Don’t fuck it up.”
“Dean, I don’t know what you think happened, but Billie didn’t bring me back. I woke up in the Empty and that caused a God, or Spirit, or
to awaken, as well. I refused to go back to sleep and kept pestering him until he sent me back so some field a ways away from here—it took me over two week to get back to you, but I did it. I did it on my own, Dean. Billie had nothing to do with it.”
Castiel hesitated before shaking his head. The moment that Castiel had agreed to go for a ride, Dean’s face had lit up and he had packed an entire bag full of food before Castiel could even get his shoes on. Ever since Casiel had come back as human again six months ago, Dean had taken to packing picnics for the two of them. They had gone  all around Kansas during their off periods and along the road during hunts, both men very much enjoying the time that they were spending together in the great outdoors. Sam and Jack would tag along sometimes, too, although Jack always ended up far more interested in the wildlife and foliage that he found in the parks and fields than he did about the meals. Castiel enjoyed having all of Team Freewill and his son together, but his favorite of the picnics were just with Dean.
the Empty took him, but he was getting around to it. He wanted Cass to adjust to being human again before reminding him just exactly who was responsible for him losing his grace for good.
Dean looked up to see Claire standing next to the Impala, an arm crossed over her stomach and a cigarette between her fingers. She reached into her pocket and pulled out her pack of cigarettes, handing one to Dean.
“What do you say we put the food away for now and take a nap? I just . . . I want to hold you, Cas. It doesn’t have to turn into anything else, but you’ve done so much to protect me over the last nine years—I just want to do the same for you. I want to make you feel loved and protected.”
what he thought of him. Jack became so emotional that he managed to make almost every light in the bunker explode, so Dean grabbed his gun and his keys and took off for the city, stopping by the hardware store to get new bulbs before making his way to a motel for the night.
“Try me.” Castiel pressed another kiss against his skin. Dean hesitated before turning around, moving so that
“Dean, I’m the one who gripped you and raised you from perdition. I know when you aren’t being truthful with me.” He put the plate down and moved to wrap his arms around Dean’s waist. He kissed the back of Dean’s neck before resting his cheek against Dean’s shoulder blades. “Why did you
Dean shook his hand out of Castiel’s grip, but he didn’t move any further away. “Cass, it’s fine. We can forget anything ever happened.” He felt sick to his stomach. “You’re back. That’s all I need, okay? If you need to go somewhere else to find your happiness, that’s fine. I’m just happy knowing you’re alive.”
When the door was open more than a few inches, however, Dean’s entire world stopped. There, standing right outside with his fist raised to knock, was Castiel.
Sam huffed and shook his hair out of his eyes. He leaned back against the counter and crossed his arms, raising his eyebrows before settling his face in Bitchface #23. “Fine. I’m calling Jody and the girls, then. We don’t need Cass or Jack eating themselves into food-comas. Eileen is already planning on sleeping all day tomorrow; we don’t need any more bodies piling up.”
For several terrifying, heart-stopping minutes, it seemed like the boys were too late, but then Castiel rolled over to his side and began coughing violently, disloging the liquid from his lungs and filling them back up with air. Dean had fought the urge to pull the other man to his chest and beg him never to do that again, but he fought it, keeping silent until they had reached the bunker.
, Dean reminded himself, the butterflies in his stomach exploding as he reached down into the saddlebag and pulled out all of Castiel’s favorites for lunch: PB&J sandwiches, nacho-cheese Doritos, and German honey cookies that he had made from scratch. He had gotten an assortment of sodas at the grocery store (Castiel’s favorite flavor seemed to vary by the minute) and had even thrown in a few different types of dollar-candies that he had found on their Wendigo hunt in South Dakota a few weeks back.
Castiel nodded. Dean gave him a small smile and reached down to grab his hand, interlacing their fingers and pulling Castiel the rest of the way into the bunker. As they walked down the hallway to the bathroom, however, Dean began to feel self-conscious. He wanted to shower with Castiel, both because he didn’t want to be away from him and he needed to make sure that there wasn’t any injuries that would make the end of the day come any sooner, but he knew that Castiel would
Castiel kissed Dean again before lying on his side, pulling Dean down towards him. He rolled Dean onto his side and wrapped an arm around his waist, Dean’s back pressed snuggly against Castiel’s chest. Dean sighed happily and tangled their fingers together, letting his eyes drift shut as he soaked in Castiel’s warmth.
“Oh God, you look so cute together!” someone said from the other side of the living room and made Dean and Castiel jump. Once again, interrupted in the middle of something.
As for Gabriel, he settled down with his girlfriend Kali, and opened a school of music, not far from Overland Park. They got married after some months of living together. Their ceremony was loud and exuberant, but only for close friends and Kali’s family. Castiel felt guilty for that, since Gabriel didn’t invite anyone from their own family apart from him, but Gabriel always told him off about it.
Dean sighed. “Not at all,” he said. “To be honest, we were really close when we were kids and teenagers. After what happened to my parents, Sam was always more a son than a brother for me,” he revealed and Castiel made a clueless face. “Didn’t Ellen or Bobby tell you about us?” Dean asked and Castiel shook his head. “I suppose you’d guessed because of our surnames, but we are adopted, both Sam and me,” Castiel nodded, giving Dean a reason to follow. “Our real parents were friends of Bobby and Ellen, when they were not yet married,” he started explaining. “My mother died in a fire, and that was the start of our problems. Sam was a baby, but I remember it all. It was difficult for us, we were kids and motherless, but my dad was the one who took it the worst. He started drinking, leaving us alone in the house for days, even weeks. He started gambling as well. That’s why I thought maybe…” he mumbled and Castiel nodded again, “Bobby tried to help my dad, you know, taking him to gambling counsellors, but everything was in vain. He was convinced that life was pointless without my mom, and he didn’t seem to care we were still alive and needing him. Those years were hell. I was a kid, so I had no money to feed Sam. He was always a good kid, calm and responsible, and never gave me problems. But we needed money to eat so I had to start working...”
Castiel stopped him from saying something else by kissing him again. This time, though, it was everything but chaste. Dean tilted his head a little to improve the angle, deepening the experience between them. They were both out of practice, but neither of them cared, moaning as they bit at each other’s lips hungrily. They closed the space between them even more, to the point that they were hugging. They only got slightly separated when the kiss was over. They were human, after all, and needed to breathe at some point.
“Thanks for the offer, Cas. I will be there tomorrow. To be honest, I don’t know how I’m doing, I’m confused. About a lot of things,” he wrote. Dean left the
The Jo in Castiel’s dreams was silent for a couple of seconds, as she was seriously thinking about an answer. Castiel thought it would be sweet if he was allowed to see her, but apparently this dream had no images. He decided not to drink tequila anymore in his life.
"No, I wasn’t," he admitted, kissing Castiel again, with the same passion as before. "We should stop now, though. We also said it would be just one…" he added when they parted for the second time, sighing. He gave a last perk on Castiel’s lips and stood up from the bed, abandoning his personal space. Castiel already missed his touch.
“It was not the order I wanted to explain it, but it looks like my mouth executes faster than my brain… I don’t own the Prius anymore,” Dean said, as if it was nothing. Castiel jumped. “It’s not so bad, Cas, I’m telling you! It was the only way she would cooperate with us…I don’t need that car, I have the Impala, and that’s enough-”
“Then, let her go!” Jimmy yelled, surprising everybody. “Do you think you’re the only one who suffers from her opinions and judgements? You know you aren’t. And still, what's made me stronger, is the fact I’ve ignored her most of the time. However, that doesn’t mean I don’t love her, or anything… I just love myself more. Also, I have a wife and a child who mean the whole world to me, and I protect them from every issue she could cause. I owe them that, because they love me too. You need exactly that, Cassie. A wake-up call. You need to discover what you’re made of, and you can’t do that with our mother breathing on your neck all the time.”
Benny was amazing. He was cold with Castiel at first, but he admitted later to him he was giving him the cold shoulder to wake up the motivation out of Castiel. They became close friends in between recipes and anecdotes about Benny’s kids or Anna’s traditions at work. Charlie, for her part, was like a guardian angel. She was the first one getting close when Castiel became her boss, showing Castiel the main tasks and how they had been working up to that point. They got on well almost instantly and gradually she became a big confidant for Castiel. Kevin and Claire were college students, and the only employees Castiel took on as the bakery owner, impressed by their intelligence and responsible natures. Every time they passed an exam, Castiel gave them a day off as a prize and their smiles when that happened were enough reward for him. Claire had a particular sweet spot on Castiel, and called him
“Don’t you see I’m in the middle of a meeting?” Zachariah answered, and Dean could swear he saw flames burning in his eyes.
“I‘m in love with your cousin and I’m not lying as you may imagine, please give me a chance to speak,” he recited first and coughed. “I’m not who you think I am, stop the bullshit and let me talk,” he tried later, getting a little swept away. “I want to help Cas and you won’t stop me from doing it, I will hit you in your tiny nose as you did to me if you insult me again,” Dean continued with a higher volume than he wanted to admit.
“We won’t negotiate with him,” Zachariah answered coldly. “He knows our offer is the best thing he will accomplish. He can pay his debts with that, and go somewhere else. That’s what we want, and that’s what we will get.”
“I love you, Uncle Castiel,” she said in between tears, and Castiel couldn’t reply with anything except tears of his own.
They remained in silence for a while, again, looking side by side how people were passing in front of them. It was far from uncomfortable, though. If anything, Castiel felt less lonely, but he couldn’t stop wondering why the guy was still there with him. Castiel (with his lack of charisma) was certainly not forcing him to, and clearly the burglar was far from pestering them again, so there was technically nothing for the guy to do at the square but losing his time.
“All he’s saying is true, Castiel,” Gabriel added. “My brother is an asshole, everybody with a brain knows that, and I would prefer being at your side all my life than choosing his. You’re a good person. You deserve Anna’s bakery, and they deserve the fucking restraining order too.”
Suddenly the noise of the marbles going round and round in the raffle box invaded the room and Castiel was glad the furtive and powerful beats of his heart were going unnoticed. Everybody else looked wrought up, and Castiel couldn't understand why. It wasn’t their lives that were planned to drastically change.
“No, no, no,” Castiel interrupted and Jimmy sighed deeply at his brother’s reaction. “I can’t accept your money… I have some money saved, I can take care of it… I—”
Jo was silent for a couple of seconds and then blushed fiercely, her face becoming a big red sign, looking completely embarrassed. She started saying “Oh my God,” multiple times and looking between Sam and Castiel. At some point Sam noticed him and he smiled at Castiel’s drunk face.
“You have nothing to worry about, Cas, everything is fine. You will see, and I will tell you when I can,” Dean replied, kissing Castiel on the cheek sweetly. “Seriously, I have it all covered, it’s not trouble.”
Kali had her mouth slightly open in surprise. Gabriel, for his part, kept staring at Dean as if he was watching a ghost dancing the tango, or something equally incredible.
They both apologised as well, which made Dean tear up a little more, and then invited him to come in. Once inside, Ellen hugged Castiel intensely, and Castiel hugged her back while she thanked him for what he had done to her family.
“Look, I’ve liked your cousin since the moment I met him, and even when I was part of Sandover and I took my task seriously… I never liked it completely. The fact I started a relationship with Castiel in the middle was basically the trigger I needed to stop all the stuff that was affecting me negatively, including my job. I have to pay Castiel back for what he has done for me,” Dean said, opening up his heart in a way he never knew he could do in front of Gabriel. “I’d been thinking about possibilities to help him for weeks… and one day I asked my brother to find out…”
He went to the car and, after closing the door, he felt as if the pressure of the day were suffocating him and started crying. A lot had happened, and he thought tears would help him to release his frustrations. He spent several minutes hunched over the steering wheel, hiding his face in his arms until no more tears came and the headache he had developed had ebbed. Then he decided to go back to his apartment.
He excused himself from both Benny and Castiel, telling them Sam wanted to talk with him and Bobby about something important, and left the store, walking to the repair shop.
"Oh, I’m really sorry about that, dude,” he said, mortified. “It’s snowing and burgers there are cheap and tasteless," Sam added, offended. "Can’t you go to the Roadhouse and ask Ellen to give you something more nutritional?"
Dean walked to him, by force of habit, and took Castiel by the waist, hugging him. When Castiel didn’t hug him back immediately, Dean realized he was not as relaxed as he had imagined, and turned his face to look at him.
“I already know that, Sam,” Dean answered, somehow relieved. “But I’m glad you know that now as well, it’s like you’re giving me your seal of approval, it’s nice,” he finished with a smile.
He went to his desk, cursing his disastrous luck and the thoughts of finding Dean at the end of his horrible day was the only thing helping him to sort out all the formulas and graphics he was doing. Because yeah, Castiel studied for years until he got the Accountant degree, and he felt proud about it, but it was always a family imposition instead of a personal decision. And in days like this one, the weight in his shoulders felt somehow heavier.
Bela made a face of disgust and looked at Gabriel. “Can we start? I need to be at the tv station in a couple of hours,” she said, winking at Sam, who remained undaunted.
“Goddammit,” Dean whispered, frustrated. It couldn’t be he was so angry at him he didn’t want to pick up. He tried a second, a third and a fourth time, without any success. He was about to fly the cellphone round when it started ringing in his hand. Dean almost dropped it by the surprise, but answered before watching the caller ID. He said hi four times.
Dean was as red as a tomato, and Castiel realized his face was burning, so he assumed he was embarrassed as well.
“Of course!” Kali replied, with confidence. Unlike Castiel, she was extremely interested in the studies of the occult. “In fact, I’ve read that dreaming about a journey means that you are going to face something new in your life, that you will surpass different kinds of challenges and rewards. They are always positive dreams, so I suppose you should take yours into account,” she explained, with a smile.
“Yes, it is.” He answered. “But if you don’t care about any of this, you can go outside and smoke a pipe. I wouldn’t personally suggest that, but it’s up to you.” Frank coughed again, interrupting his rant. “Can I go on?”
part of the sentence unspoken. Even when he tried so much, he was still a coward. “Did you hear what my dad said?” Dean asked instead, half panicked, half proud.
Any further question was cut when Dean leaned in and kissed him full in the lips. It ended up being longer and hotter than anything Castiel thought was able to do in a public space, but when they parted and Dean looked at him with those eyes full of love, Castiel knew he would do it again.
“Because she was the only person Gabriel and I knew that could put some pressure over them to do what we wanted them to do,” Dean replied. He felt Castiel’s heart beating like crazy close to his chest. “Take it easy, Cas, everything is fine.”
“I wouldn’t be so arrogant right now if I were you,” Dean said. “I’m not here because I want to see your fucking face. I just want you to stop messing with Castiel,” Dean answered, pressing Bartholomew even more against the wall. “No more stalking, no more pressuring him over dates that will never happen. You stop walking him to work because he fucking hates that, and every similar alternative you may imagine about your presence in his life vanishes. You just disappear. Pretty simple, isn’t it?”
“Really, Castiel?” asked Gabriel. “Since when does Zachariah worry about his employees? Stop worrying about everything, this had to be done. Your happiness is my happiness, nerd. You’re the only family I care about, Zachariah won’t take that from us, not even if I have to hit someone we won’t see ever again in public,” he resolved as if it was a normal thing, and took Castiel’s head in his hands, kissing him in the hair.
The thing was that even when Jo, Bobby and Ash knew how to embarrass him every once in awhile, and even when Dean felt ashamed about it and about all the white lies Castiel was explaining to them every time that happened (one being
“You look better in jeans,” Jody said to him on Sunday, when she went to buy bagels, and Dean blushed when he saw, after his thank you, that Castiel was nodding at her.
“Get a room!” Gabriel yelled, making the others laugh, while they were congratulating the happy couple and resuming their activities at the bakery. Dean flipped him off. After two years of mutual respect and friendship, he could finally do that without being hit in the nose.
The guy closed the Prius’ door, took his glasses off, and turned around, making eye contact with Castiel for the first time. His eyes were impossibly green, and Castiel felt kind of hypnotised by them.
“Shut up,” Castiel said. “Nobody will ever want to marry me. I’ll carry both rings with me until I die.”
Dean couldn’t reply at that because Kevin appeared suddenly asking for Castiel’s presence in the kitchen. “Benny let Claire try out her caramel talents and she burned the saucepan!” he said and Castiel shot an apologetic look at Dean, who let him go.
“Oh, Gabriel, you came back!” She said. “I was having real fun with your lovely wife,” she looked at Kali, who didn’t look as amused as assumed.
"It’s okay," Dean interrupted and took Castiel’s face with one of his hands, "and it’s crazy, ‘cause I’ve never acted like this to anyone else either, but…" he sighed, "if you had asked, I would have probably said yes, joking or not" he confessed.
Castiel chose to look at Dean. “What do you think?” he asked, interested, and offered Dean his french fries. Dean had already eaten them all.
The journey to the bakery was quiet, Noah choosing to play with his cellphone and Isabella looking through the window, practically asleep. If Castiel wasn’t so worried about the wedding rings he would have suspected they had been plotting something way sooner.
Castiel blushed; he couldn’t believe this was happening to him. He looked at the night stand again and realized there was a bottle of orange Gatorade he didn’t notice before. He took the blue pills and the glass of water and swallowed them both. Then he left the glass and opened the Gatorade, drinking it while he kept on reading the rest.
Watching the commercial centre wake up was another advantage he had. Overland Park had a lot of different food shops apart from his, so they all share more or less the same schedules. For instance, he knew Lenore from The Bar & Grill, and Hael from the Healthy Food Shop so if he had the chance to see them, he always waved at them with a big smile. They were good kids, and Castiel’s bakery was often the provider of different cakes and sandwiches that were specially baked to be sold in their shops, so they were great customers as well. All things considered, it was a good neighbourhood, full of lively, hard-working people.
“I can’t even start explaining how much,” Castiel added, before stepping outside. The sunlight shone down on him, warming his body. “I can do it.”
“I’m sorry for you,” Dean replied, shrugging his shoulders, and went to pick Mary up, who appeared by the door of the kitchen and waved at him, immediately recognizing Dean. “Hello, princess, how are you doing?” he asked and the girl answered with a hug and telling him she was colouring cats.
again, but it didn’t sound forced or awkward for him. Castiel looked at Dean, visibly touched by the pet name, as unlike the first time, in opportunity time he had heard it. Although scared, Dean took Castiel's hand, and keep on talking. “I need you to tell me where Gabriel lives,” he said and Castiel’s surprised expression grew exponentially.
“I know,” Castiel said, and Dean didn’t imagine how much he needed that answer until he heard it. After that, Castiel told him an anecdote of Kevin throwing the content of his tray all over a customer that was pestering him and their combined laughs made the dark mood disappear.
“What is this?” Castiel asked the guy, some blocks later. More than thirty people were standing in a gigantic queue on the sidewalk. Castiel couldn’t take his eyes off of it.
“Whatever you say,” Dean replied, stubbornly, even when he knew Sam was probably right. “Moving to the important part of all this, let’s make the introductions so we can get out of here and have lunch.” Sam reacted to that phrase as well, admitting he didn’t remember the last time he heard Dean excited about a meal. Dean kept on talking. “Sammy, here in front of you is Castiel Novak, extraordinary baker and boyfriend.” There were confused faces from Sam and Sarah but Dean went on. “Cas, here’s Sammy, my baby brother. And I suppose you’re Sarah,” he added, turning to the woman besides Sam, who nodded, still astonished. “Since Sam is having a seizure or something I will make the introductions myself. Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak, your brothers in law.” Dean hugged her politely and she hugged back.
“As often as I can. Everyday, if possible,” Castiel replied and was surprised by a woman’s voice at the loudspeakers, asking for passengers of flight 2058 to gather at gate 4. It was Castiel’s flight, so he stood up, separating his hand from Claire’s, his heart beating uncontrollably against his chest.
“Well, I thank you too, Castiel. He was driving me crazy,” Frank said, sounding relieved, and re-ordered the papers Zachariah had scattered over his desk. He took the testament again, and re-read it in silence for a while. “Can we continue with this? It’s almost over,” he said, and Gabriel nodded automatically.
“Kali, how can you believe him?” Gabriel tried one last time and his wife looked at him incredibly done.
Dean was over the moon, and not even Sam’s teases and jokes after they left Sarah and Castiel behind were enough for him to land.
“It’s me, kid. I didn’t know if I was listening to a human being or a machine,” someone said finally and Dean froze at that. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Could that be…
"I feel like I will throw up," he declared to Dean and then went to the bathroom, as quickly as possible. He didn’t even leave his coat behind.
“What did you do with the documents?!” Dean asked, feeling how in such a weird circumstance there was finally some light at the end of the tunnel for him, and Cas, and
“You heard. My brother, Sammy, is volunteering to be Castiel’s new lawyer for free because he is a great person, and because he knows how much that would mean to me. He is so excited about this he is paying his own plane ticket to meet Cas and help him.”
“Of course you can do it, Castiel!” Gabriel exclaimed, clearly enthusiastic by his cousin’s new found confidence. “It looks like the
, I just want to keep my temple so I don’t punch the fucking prick in the face,” Dean replied and Sam laughed. “What?” he asked.
“I couldn’t wait any longer, alright?” Dean answered bewildered and Sam chuckled while taking the car’s handle. “Won’t you ride shotgun?” Dean asked when he saw Sam was waiting at the back door.
The guy looked at him as if he was out of his mind. “I don’t see you as a socially awkward person,” he said and made a gesture for Castiel to cross the street. “You’ve been more than fine with me.”
"You only have to know that he is a very handsome man," Anna Milton added. She was the Sales Manager of the company and one of his friends, but apparently today everybody was against him. She rose from her desk and walked Castiel to the door, passing him the trench-coat. She opened the door and gave him an envelope. "Lunch’s on me,” she said and smiled.
When he came back to his office, he closed the door and dropped into his chair, looking at the folder in his hands. Why were they making him to do that? Why would he? “For the position, you fool,” he said out loud, to himself, trying to be convinced. “Climbing positions on this company is all I should care about, and all I will do.” But deep down, he knew there was something else behind that, and that the whole task had nothing to do with his talents as an accountant and everything to do with how much he let them control his actions to do what they pleased.
That was another thing Dean liked about that day. Sam had contacted Victor Henriksen, one of Dean’s friends at college (and one of the people he had left behind when Sandover became his life) as a notary for the cause. Apparently Dean was wrong thinking everybody was resentful of him for that reason, because Victor had no problems in helping them, and even asked Dean to tell Castiel so the three of them and Victor’s wife could have dinner together one of those days.
“I w—” Dean interrupted himself, feeling like an utter coward. “I would say that if someone you love doesn’t love you back, they are mad, and they don’t deserve you,” he wanted to stop being a coward. Castiel was not a coward, Castiel was better than him. “I’m…” he said, and gulped. “I’m bisexual, so I understand you Cas,” he confessed, and felt his inside lighten as if that confession had been a heavyweight he had been bearing, and that kept him from breathing normally. “My family always knew, and they were always supportive about it, even when I had no idea what was happening to me, but I’m always scared of saying this, of showing who I am, mostly because of my job. I was always afraid of losing it; if your cousin realized I would be fired in seconds, and my job has always been the excuse I found to escape from my own demons in the real life. It was my only way.”
“Whatever you think it will be best,” Dean answered. “Your food will turn me fat, I’ve already told you,” he added, cheekily.
, Dean thought internally, but then he rebuked himself. They were just avoiding a family crisis, and Dean knew very well how to do that.
“Nobody sees you doing that, because you’re on your own all the time,” Missouri replied. “Why would you want to be a successful person if you can’t share it with someone else? Bobby hasn’t seen you since you moved out, how can that be possible?”
“Yes,” Castiel answered, directly. “With the right person, I would,” he added, looking at Dean intensely in the eyes. Dean abandoned the cup on the counter and looked at him in the same way.
Castiel took that information as a trigger to wake up definitely. He jumped to the bed and sat on it, his heart racing in his chest as if he had run a marathon. He found breathing was really difficult suddenly, and closed his eyes, exhaling and inhaling deeply in order to control it again. None of it was unreal, all had happened, even when good things didn’t happen to him regularly. He kept on reading, once he opened his eyes again.
“Don’t leave him alone while he cashes up,” she said and Dean smiled, shaking his head. “Even when I bicker with you and push you to say stuff, I trust in your silly face. Don’t disappoint me,” she added and that caused a big storm inside of Dean. It was literally the last thing he needed for his mind to be an absolute mess.
“I didn’t. Shaddap, Sammy,” Dean replied, even quieter, looking in panic at Castiel and Sarah. Thankfully there were steps behind, completely absorbed in their own conversation.
“Better to whom, Dean?” Sam interrupted. “You left everybody behind, dude. Your family, your friends… you’re alone. With whom are you supposed to share your so-called success, then?”
“Not good enough if I cannot pay the debts I’ve incurred with Mr. Metatron and the rest of the whosalers, and if I still cannot figure out what I will do with the other ones...” Castiel said, sighing. Benny put both of his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, massaging them with his big bear paws.
as he called it, focusing all his attention to help both Castiel and Bobby with their businesses. In the meantime, he won contacts here and there, and by the end of the year he had a promising list of potential clients. Dean was happy, Castiel could tell.
he replied, in an horrible attempt of Spanish. The little girl chuckled in answer and handed a candy to the
