John?
Going to wear them all day?
Sherlock joins John in the kitchen a little later, still looking somewhat dazed. John knows he is there to record everything he can of John and his double pants, so John tries his best to stand where Sherlock can see him. He also tries to act normal, to not make the watch-my-crotch-please too obvious. He’s not sure how well he succeeds.
“Oh”, Sherlock breathed, that was good to know. “Good”, he said, a little breathless.
All right all right
Sherlock looks up, frowning.
The case had been solved in just under an hour, but the ghostly feeling of John's hand on his ankle had lingered much longer.
John hums.
They became frantic, grinding, but just as desperate to keep the position, not to loose this prodigious touch ever again. So their hips jerked in small furious stutters only, their bellies flushed together cradling the miracle of their hard cocks already leaking from the friction.
When Sherlock moans, a desperate wanton sound, John realizes that he's just adjusted his trousers. He wasn't cognizant of the act, is not even sure what prompted it. Perhaps something just felt off and so he pulled at the waistline a bit. Sherlock obviously noticed.
“You trying to kill me, John?”
“Can you…”, John starts, but does not quite know how to put his question. “You can deduce them then?”
“Of course you are”, he says relaxing again, and Sherlock nods against his arm.
This was good, but.
“I know. I was surprised as well, but… Just seeing you pull them on this morning, like nothing, and thinking of you walking around like that all day, just for me. God! When you came home it was all I could do not to… I don’t know. I came the moment I pulled you in my mouth. Thinking where that cock had been all day. Almost came before that even, exploring all those waistbands."
You have to understand, this all happened quite quickly. In one second they knew the heads of their cocks would inevitably – unerringly – unmistakably touch, in another second they were vibrating with the knowledge of it and on the third it happened.
“You’re…”, John starts in indignation, but then finds that he’s not that peeved after all. What is there to be peeved about?
That was also why he’d not been entirely surprised, when, after hobbling to the hospital and arguing with the attending nurse about their urgency – John had been loud and Sherlock whiny, a combination which had not proven very effective against the hardened nurse – John had guided them to settle onto one of the worn out sofa benches in the waiting lounge. John had sat down on the right, patting the firm padding just beside him.
“Please”, he pleads, and Sherlock looks at him, his face shattered. John bites his lip, “I need to…”, but Sherlock doesn’t need explanations, he never does. “Yes”, he breathes and seems just as gone as John is.
Sherlock only swallows again, his large Adam's apple bobbing up and down, his jaw tightening and several tendons in his neck ticking minutely, his eyes fixed on John's groin.
“No it’s… You all tucked inside, under both of those pants. I wanked four times today while you were gone just thinking of it.”
“Thought you would.”
After just two seconds of hazy detachment, he'd understood where he was; in a back-seat of a London cab, his head heavy against John's shoulder, his torso leaning against John's warmth. He must have slumped down against John's side at some point during the ride.
John is already giddy with his idea of testing those deductions, scheming how he could manage to put on a double pair without Sherlock noticing. Perhaps if he took an extra pair to work one day?
It had taken a while to register, but he’d felt a refreshing coolness against his forehead then. He remembered that he’d chuckled, and that the next deduction had been as fast as lightning.
* * *
Sometimes he wonders if it really is possible that John does not know full well already. Even right now.
He has wanted this for so long. Had he known this would happen, he would have clad in five shirts the fist day they met. But never mind that now, they are here today and Sherlock is now following along the seam of the uppermost cuff, over the round edge of the cuff and up the gauntlet, over the opened buttons and up into the slit. His fingers are so close to the plaid shirt now, toying with the closeness and yet not touching. The heady intimacy of touching the opened buttons of the sleeve is palpable even to John. As Sherlock reaches the v of the slit his finger finally brushes lightly against the plaid shirt underneath and they both shudder.
How quaint.
Are you going to the corner place?
But he had known.
Sherlock seemed to have been stuck in one sentence but John did not much care as Sherlock's cock did not seem to have any problem proceeding. His stomach felt like it had dropped and scurried away ages ago and in stead there was just a hollow pit with a roaring waterfall of desire and an endless whirlpool of dizzy anxiety.
“Ah…” Sherlock starts and after a beat waves his hand towards John’s chair. “Um, sit”, he says.
Fixed it.
It’s not long before Sherlock starts subtly tugging at his clothes. He has already explored all the folds and creases and now he’s caressing the waistline of John’s trousers, particularly his belt and the top edge of his trousers, the place where they lay against his shirt. Sherlock huffs in awe as he finally pushes one finger slightly under. It doesn’t take long before he is pulling John’s shirt up in increments and then pressing the tips of his fingers under and in and deeper and – then – flush against the fabric of John’s pants.
This happens a little before the "First Time" in the timeline.
John feigns he didn't hear it and reaches up to grab a shirt. He is nervous, so he just takes one, not really noticing which one it is. He takes it off the hanger, shakes it and flips it to his back to slide one arm into a sleeve. His hands are shaking slightly, and he has to bite his lip. He desperately wants to take a peak at Sherlock's face, but he can't risk turning, because he doesn't think he could hold his nonchalance if he did.
Sherlock lifts his head a little and lets his hands skim over John’s trousers, fondle delicately at the hem of his jacket and his jumper.
“You bet I am.”
Sherlock’s eyes flash up and are glued into John’s in a heartbeat. His eyes are impossibly wide and desperate and lost and searching for something, but apparently he finds whatever it is because the next moment Sherlock’s own whispered, “John”, is drowned underneath his own bruising kiss.
“Mmm, smells much better than the wallpaper glue.”
Never mind
For this reason he did not look up either, because
And just like that, he will be straining against his pants again, making himself go almost wild before once more letting himself close his eyes for a few moments and breathe. He wonders what might happen if he one day took it one step too far and actually orgasmed right there in his chair, in plain daylight, in front of John, just from looking at the folds of his shirt?
I would have
Noticing this pattern always manifests as a solid satisfaction in the pit of Sherlock's stomach. It makes his skin feel calm, and his lips curve up, and it almost appears as a soft taste in his mouth, although he knows that to be utter rubbish.
Sherlock sounds like he is forcing his words out.
, he sends. Why is it so cold here?
“Nope. We don't have an x-ray at home, and you need to be checked.”
John is careful not to draw things out, as much as he wishes he could. He knows it is the curious juxtaposition of the lurid and the commonplace that Sherlock is drawn to, the extreme sensuality he finds in John's ordinary dressing. The complete normality of the actions somehow amping up his pleasure to unimaginable heights.
“Oh really?”
“Well. First you started it. Then I picked it up. But now you’ve messed up my plan and taken over again.”
Are you there yet?
“Aaahhh, you could have warned me before pulling it out though... Ooh god, please!”
, he sends, and figuring out how to find the little heart shape takes him so long that John's following text arrives before he sends his.
“Well, it’s not my scheme, actually. It’s yours. You started it. Only you stopped, so I did the responsible thing and picked it up. But it was hard. You were being a really stubborn participant.”
Sherlock would let his palms smooth over the fabric, and John would shiver, and Sherlock would reach with his fingers to lightly skim his skin just at the hem of the garment, over his lower belly and his hips, just above his belt. When Sherlock at last would let a few curious fingers underneath the thin fabric of the cardigan, he would be able to see his own hand, first exploring and then, finally, pressing down against John's belly.
No time to eat now, John! Too many things to think about.
Might be a fever…
Sherlock mouths all the way to the root of John’s shaft and then, gently, carefully pulls John out of both pants. He pulls John’s vest down again and gathers also his shirt and his jumper close so that John is completely covered except for his cock, which is already sliding into Sherlock's greedy mouth. John is hot and sweaty but he doesn’t care, Sherlock is sucking him with greedy abandon.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck”, Sherlock chants and it's so unlike him that John cannot help but chuckle and pet his wild curls.
They faltered to the right and John grabbed the shower curtain which came down with a magnificent screech and for a while their feet got tangled in the pooling curtain and John cursed and Sherlock whined but then they were on track again. They were naked and ready, Sherlock's dressing gown was still hanging on one of his arms but it did not much hinder them.
but Sherlock explains anyway.
John, leaning over and pressing a kiss on his forehead.
He’d jerked upright in an instant and that's why he hadn’t noticed anything amiss at first. John had just looked at him carefully and said – thankfully without words, just the way John could, with just his expressive eyes –
John hadn’t given up, though.
John could not look back up after all. He watched enthralled as Sherlock's cock started filling and his own cock jumped in immediate reply, so close. Sherlock's robe was open all the way down and while the opening was not large it nevertheless left nothing to be guessed. His long penis nestled in a bed of almost black curly pubic hair – figured the bastard had thick luscious hair down there too – and his balls were even and inviting and the whole parcel was simply breathtaking.
If the lighting fails or if the shirt on top is just too thick, there's still the possibility of glimpsing the contours of the vest. The absolute best option to achieve this, is to make John pick something up from the floor or behind the sofa so, that he has to bend his upper back. When the dress shirt tightens around his shoulders, the curved neckline of his vest is drawn very nicely all along his upper back. Sherlock has to make sure to stand far enough not to be tempted to reach out and follow the inviting line with his finger.
“I was hoping it might happen, but, John, I certainly have to concede your superior shooting ability.”
Yes getting hard again
And then, in just one tilt of his head, Sherlock is mouthing John’s cock through the trousers and the double pants and, fuck, John jackknifes a little from the sudden friction.
The second time had happened over tea. Of course, that did not quite explain how he'd not noticed what was happening that time either, not before he was already in the middle of it. Or more accurately, when his
“Hey, take off your coat”, John had croaked.
“Mmmh? Oh, I... sorry.”
“Sherlock, I always listen to what you say.”
“I take it as a yes”, John says and he wants to wink and smirk, play it cool and cocky, but such warmth fills his heart at that moment that his face just morphs into a broad silly smile. That he can do something like this to this extraordinary man…
This right here now seemed much too much intimate for his liking. They were standing only two palm's breadths away from each other. Sherlock was wearing one of his dressing gowns, the blue one. Only his dressing gown. And it was not tied. The gown had opened slightly as Sherlock had started reaching up and was now exposing a pale sliver of a smooth chest.
At Baker Street he'd promptly woken up to the familiar movement of the car curving up to their front door. His neck had been cramped, and he'd felt stiff all over, but he'd been surrounded by a safe smell, and he’d felt warm and rested and overwhelmingly… nice. He did not much like that particular word, ‘nice’, but there was no other that would have quite suited the feeling surrounding him just then.
“Sherlock, move over, I can't feel my arm.”
“Yes, but... you understood?”
“Oh god, yes!”
As they’d sat down for mugs of tea in their living room a little later, Sherlock had lifted one hand and absently kneaded his shoulder.
“You were hard to tire, John. I was worn out”, Sherlock tried to explain.
Then, when he was almost desperate, the perfect plan fell into his lap.
The fourth time Sherlock had been shivering again. The case had been still going on, and they'd just had a setback in Wales, in the middle of nowhere, in a barn of all places. A barn, that had turned out not to be what they'd hoped for, or rather not what they'd feared. They’d been accordingly disappointed, and the long hike back to civilization in the rain afterwards had not helped. They'd changed into dry clothes in the small bed and breakfast they'd stayed at, but Sherlock had started shivering again as they’d waited for the London-bound train on the windy platform.
understood...”
Please don’t stop
Those clothes really leave nothing to be imagined, or rather, they make it all so potent inside Sherlock's imagination, that it feels quite palpable.
Then John was thrusting and shoving and slamming Sherlock against the sink. Sherlock's backside landed against the edge and he let out an agonized yell but kept devouring John's mouth all the same, his tongue at least two thirds in and exploring every crevasse.
“Fucking hell it's a yes, oh god, Sherlock, I'm gonna, I'm gonna... come... soon, oh god!”
John was still giggling as they flagged a cab home. Sherlock found that for once, he didn’t really mind. They’d been on the run for a day and a night and he was tired and cranky, and really the case was ridiculous, but it was all for John, and seeing John happy made him not care about the little bit of needling that was usually enough to drive him around the bend.
So Sherlock had explained all about the following day and when he’d got to the part where Mycroft had wanted ice cream, John had pulled Sherlock's feet towards him and up to his lap. Sherlock had continued his story, and John had laid one hand on his ankle. The warmth from John’s palm had steadied him and made him at ease and eventually let him set his cup on the table and lean his head against the hand rest and close his eyes.
It’s noon, you’re going to lunch anyway.
John?
“Ooh, yes! Now, turn around, you know I'm more efficient when I prepare you from behind.”
I might be
It’s crowded at this time. I bet you had to stand.
“Oh, I will! Ouch! But I think your cock has earned it's respite tonight, don't you think?”
“Oh”, John said, pulled his eyebrows together briefly and then smiled again. “Does it matter?” he asked.
The dream John had chuckled, but also frowned at the same time and tried to ease his hand off, but Sherlock had merely snuggled closer, rubbing his chin against his woolly jumper like a cat. “You smell like catnip”, he’d sighed, and then added as an afterthought, “is it really
“A successful scheme”, John agreed and leaned in for another kiss.
“Come on, John! We've got to christen the room.”
John opens his phone to type a reply, but he doesn’t quite know what to say. He closes the text box and sees that Sherlock is still typing.
"You're never washing those pants again", Sherlock mumbles against his chest.
---------------
“How,” he finally croaked. “It can’t be. Simply cannot be.”
Sherlock saw London as a fresh start. The building his family owned sat right off of Marleybone on Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson returned from her trip to France and set up housekeeping. With Sherlock’s blessing she hired a young woman named Marie Turner to help with the daily upkeep.
“I’m not talking about them,” said John. “I'm talking about you.”
Sherlock made it back to Cromwell in time for Concert Band, but he found himself outside the door, unable to make himself go inside. He just stood there, students dodging past him, bumping him, staring at him, as evidence swirled around his brain like puzzle pieces unable to lock into place.
“Have you decided?”
221B Baker Street at last
Mr Thomas nodded, and broke into a wide grin. “I love her. I asked her to be my wife, and she said yes.” His face was suddenly serious as he grabbed John’s hand under the table. “But I promised her we’d tell you together, so when we do, act surprised, alright?”
"Uh-uh, arpeggios, triple it. TRI-PEL-ET!” commands Brook, clapping his hands widely, moving about the room, back and forth, back and forth.
Raibert pulled his eyes away from Sherlock, who was beginning to feel like prey, and gave John a shake on the shoulder.
Felipe stopped and gazed at John with a furrowed brow. His expression saddened as he ran his fingers through John’s blond hair.
John smiled. “A little too good.”
“Race you to the pigs!” he shouted, and took off down the path.
“Don’t say that,” John said sharply. He reached up and held Sherlock’s curly head in his hands. “Don’t. Not ever.”
“Thank God for you,” John finally said. “You saved him.”
There was a knock at the door exactly one hour later. John opened the door to find Mycroft standing on the other side, dressed in black three piece suit, a red tie and holding a watch connected to a gold chain.
Anderson, first chair violinist for beginner band, was a flawless technical player, though he was disliked by most of his classmates. Today’s choice of music was wreaking havoc on everyone’s nerves, but Anderson was in rare form. He cursed under his breath as the brass once again missed their cue. The director stepped off the box to work one on one with the trumpets, leaving the rest of the orchestra bored out of their minds.
John returned to the sitting room, where Felipe was gathering the cups onto the tray.
John looked down at his hands. “I wanted him to feel useful.” He looked up wide-eyed at Felipe. “Since the suicide attempts, I couldn’t bear the thought of him being sent somewhere. Or what if he...you know.”
His hand hovered over Sherlock’s sweat-soaked curls. Sherlock jerked back and forth against the pillow, the tears on his cheeks glistening in the moonlight. He mumbled incoherently as his limbs fought the sheets.
“You don’t know him, Peter,” John insisted. “He’s brilliant. If anyone could survive this, it’s Sherlock Holmes.”
“I’m going to kill you,” John growled.
The summer passed quickly. John grew strong and tan from his work in the vineyards. As the harvest finally began, workers from all over the neighboring farms came together. John worked from morning until night in the warm September air alongside the men and boys from other vineyards. They rotated as the grapes ripened, and finally, they began work on the Canales vines.
Sherlock's mind was no longer on Richard Brook, or Victor Trevor, or Carl Powers. He was consumed with how terrible he’d left things with John. Of course he’d lied, how else could he keep the investigation going? Lives were at stake.
John discovers a secret Sherlock has been hiding.
John could feel the fever radiating from his pale body as he pulled off his shirt to reveal the typical typhoid rash on his abdomen. He undressed him and briefly massaged his wet, freezing feet between his hands. He whispered words of encouragement as he did so, assuring his ailing patient that he was now safe.
John smiled. “So you were keeping the Russians sidetracked while we established our place in Afghanistan. Makes sense,” he said. “Keeps them hundreds of miles away from the border of India. Brilliant.”
Sherlock got up and flopped himself next to John on the table, who was still catching his breath.
Sherlock nodded once, his head bowed in respect, reluctant to make eye contact.
“Will it ensure us a straight ticket to hell if we shag in the crime scene?” said Sherlock, gesturing towards the bathroom.
“What is it, what’s wrong?” said John as he opened the door.
Shocked at the discovery and not quite sure of his next step, Sherlock quickly shut the door and placed the thick vines of ivy back over the entrance, obscuring it from view.
From the trial below a young man, no more than 15 years of age, emerged from the rocky terrain. His face was red and sweaty, and he was quite out of breath. He looked as if he’d ran up the entire hill.
“Yes.”
“Inspector,” John turned suddenly. “You said Oscar Dzundza is still at large?”
Loud voices and giggling disturbed the quiet as a group of students passed on the other side of the bushes, unaware of the two young men on the ground behind them. Startled, Sherlock began to get up, but John pushed him back down to the ground, albeit a bit too roughly. He pushed his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth, kissing him passionately, then released the slender cock in favor of massaging an erect, pink nipple.
"Yes. I did.”
John dropped to his knees beside Felipe and lowered himself down, looking over the edge. He frantically looked all over the depths of the bridge, the water rushing and crashing against the pillars as the wind roared.
Felipe explained, however, that production had moved mostly to several varieties of white grapes, used to produce a new wine known as “cava”.
"Oh this is going to be glorious" said Wiggins, rubbing his hands together, whether in eagerness or because of the cold, Sherlock couldn't tell.
John leaned forward and captured Sherlock's mouth, letting his tongue passionately explore the inside of his pink, parted lips. He dared to grip Sherlock's narrow waist with both hands. Sherlock gasped in pleasant surprise.
“Fuck,” he whispered to himself, as he grabbed his spitshine rag and tore it in two, wrapping each piece of cloth over the tops of his hands and tying it off.  A firm knock at the door made Sherlock practically jumped out of his skin.
They both stood silently for a moment, until Sherlock felt the reassuring squeeze of John’s palm on his shoulder.
The shorter man sucked in a long breath as he closed his eyes.
Sherlock, as if reading his mind, rose up and gathered John’s hands, threading his fingers into his. John braced him with extended arms as Sherlock pulled himself to his knees. John watched his body emerge from Sherlock’s tight bottom, exposed and wet and red.
"I know this will make me sound like a caveman," said John softly. "But I can't stand it that he touched you in places I haven't even touched you yet."
They both paused at the bottom of the staircase.
Later, in the dining hall, Mycroft, Irene and Sherlock ate in relative peace.
“Yes, I suppose so,” he mumbled. “I was born into high society but I do not value its tradition. Most would say it is because I am second born with no title to inherit, but I daresay I’m a modern man who knows the world is changing.”
John pulls away, but presses his forehead against Sherlock’s chin.
The young men thanked the woman and slowly made their way up the narrow, rickety staircase which creaked and groaned with each step. When the reached the top, a strong earthy odor crowded their noses as they both eased into the cluttered attic space.
He had no idea how long he’d been searching until the men hauled him back up and refused to let him go back down. John shook from the cold, but besides ingesting a few gulps of water, he refused to stop for even a moment.
John walked slowly to the side of the bed and sat on the edge. Sherlock handed him a cup of brandy. John gulped it eagerly.
“This is happening.”
John helped him to his feet, and Felipe barely had the strength to wash himself before he stripped off the rest of his clothing. Without a word, he curled up into the bed and fell fast asleep.
Felipe’s face upon hearing John’s response was incandescent.
A couple of hours later, John stopped stalling and went next door to William’s room.
John pulled out gently, and Sherlock turned to face him, kissing him sweetly.
“You have no right to come into my home and start ordering me around,” he finally growled.
"For leaving?"
The piece suddenly morphs into bars resembling The Reichenbach Concerto. Sherlock's playing becomes angry and uneven until he pulls the instrument from his chin and glares out the window, deep in thought.
John awoke as the train pulled into the station in Barcelona. He grabbed his simple baggage and made his way into the station and outside to the city, determined to find a nice, clean room for a good long nap.
------
Felipe laughed.
Sherlock answered with silence.
“Hired assassin. Known as The Golem,” William continued.
Upon entering, however, Sherlock had to stifle a yelp.
“Too good to answer, huh? Typical bourgeoisie prick,” he mumbled.
Sherlock fought as hard as he could, but it was no use. The prick, hard and leaking, was forced down his throat, the taste of salt and the rancid smell of his testicles making him want to vomit.
One of the Afghans began yelling again but was silenced by John’s knife piercing his heart.
“Salud!” he said, and took a generous sip of the wine.
Mycroft lifted an eyebrow. “Of course I care, baby brother. I sent an entire regiment to ensure your safety, didn’t I?”
A dark, solemn expression clouded Sherlock’s features.
William was sitting in one of the two chairs in the parlour with a long wooden box on his lap. He caressed the box like it was a long lost treasure.
Both doctors discussed possible serum treatment, but the practice was still experimental. Felipe insisted they give William time. He was still relatively young and healthy, and he’d seen men pull through in cases such as this one.
“Most likely,” John replied. “We could go into town for a drink.”
Mrs. Hudson watched him go as well. “You seem to have made an impression.”
He looked pleadingly at Mycroft and Irene.
There will be one more section called “Don’t Viscount Me Out”. It’ll be another five chapters, and will conclude the story. Ill post it asap.
Sherlock took another sip of his whiskey. "Did you know I'm a detective?" He brought his finger to his lips, and shushed loudly. "But don't tell anybody. John doesn't know." He paused. "I probably should have told him."
John stopped. Sherlock could hear him turning around. A strong hand was suddenly on his waist, warm breath on his neck.
“Captain Gregory Lestrade, commanding officer 33rd regiment, Earl of Cornwall’s Light Infantry, special unit,” he answered. He approached the two men, who were still standing in shock at their good fortune.
Felipe mumbled angrily in Spanish as he mindlessly rubbed John's feet.
The mere hint of the thought made his throat tighten. He closed his eyes and swallowed, forcing the thought from his mind and pushing it deep down inside of him.
“Wait,” said Mr. Thomas. “Can it be…?”
“A column of solved crimes?”
The dirty city air made it difficult to breathe. The cab rocked and weaved about along the uneven stones. John cursed under his breath as he became sick to his stomach. Sherlock seemed unfazed.
John still shook his head. “But why did he take the headphones? Seems like a silly way to get caught.”
“Thank you, Victor,” said Sherlock, brushing past him and intentionally rubbing his shoulder with his own.
It was the walking contradiction that was John Watson that intrigued Sherlock the most, since most people bored him to death. John seemed kind and clever, but there was an edge to him that Sherlock hadn't quite figured out yet.  Sherlock wondered for a brief moment if he had romanticized their initial meeting to the point their date, now less than 24 hours away, would be a disappointment. But then again, he’d never been on a real date, so he didn't know what to expect. Sebastian had driven him out to the country a few times, but they had never gotten out of the car.
“We should solve crimes together,” said Sherlock softly. “We make a great team.”
John’s breath quickened as his eyes followed the elegant hand as it slid underneath the cloth, pressing an open palm onto a flushed chest, rubbing gently back and forth.
“Where do you practice? I can't imagine there's room in here."
Raibert collapsed back onto the couch, Sherlock landing halfway on his lap. He watched the huge Scotsman dig into the nightstand and pull out two bottles and a condom. He slapped his thighs, and grinned.
John then looked up, shooting a look that could maim at Anderson. “I’m not sure what you’re babbling on about, but I can assure you that I am not going to South Africa.”
He felt the bed shake. He looked over and Felipe had the back of his hand over his mouth, laughing. He let out a howl and fell over, his smile revealing beautiful white teeth and a deep set of crinkled crows feet in the corners of his eyes.
His eyes dipped to Sherlock’s chest, his fingers brushing along his ivory shoulder.
Sherlock looked up. “We will?” he said, his eyes flashing with hope.
The violin is under Sherlock’s chin in a flash. He works through the scales, then dives into arpeggios.
John’s eyes grew wide. “You’re going to meet with him? Sherlock, no -”
“When you first met me, I was a valet. A servant,” he said earnestly. “I was born the son of a vicar. After he died, my mother had to work as a lady's maid for us to survive. I shined boots and emptied chamber pots all day every day from the time I was six until I was sixteen. I'm not complaining. I was educated and fed and it could've been a lot worse. But there was no path to where I am now.”
“Oh God, oh dios, John,” gasped Felipe, just a little too loudly. He writhed against him, the slide of his large cock gliding along his sensitive center.  “I want...oh!”  He groaned as he pressed just the tip of his penis inside the tight, throbbing hole.
It still made her heart beat faster at the thought: out of all of the people in the world, Sherlock had turned to her for help. She mattered. And when he asked her to steal, to lie, and to keep secrets, her only thought was to not disappoint him. She had found Sherlock’s dead look-a-like in under an hour. It had taken her another three to get the body to St. Barts. She had waited, barely eating and barely drinking, clutching her cell phone, checking the bars and the volume every five minutes for the next eight hours, awaiting Sherlock’s signal that his plan was a go.
Once what seemed to be massive amounts of luggage was unloaded and safely inside, John threw off his coat and hat and sat heavily in his chair, a groan of relief escaping his lips.
“Stop. You. Barker,” he shouted. He pointed to a trumpeter’s horn. “That is not your boyfriend’s dick. Do not come early. Moving ahead. Bar 93.”
“So he is alive,” said John passively.
“Sherlock,” he said softly.
“Are you close?” He gasped, running a large hand up and down John's chest.
William immediately lost interested in the books and bolted toward his bedroom.
Sherlock was beginning to display the effects of multiple rounds of gin. John had to admit that he was feeling pretty good himself.
“Oh God Sherlock, don’t let me hurt you,” John pleaded, his hips already betraying him, snapping against Sherlock’s body.
His large, slender hands wrapped around her waist. The teapot slipped and shattered in the sink. Molly’s breath caught in her throat.
“Here,” said Mr Thomas, handing him a letter. “My sister’s pub is in Currie, just outside of Edinburgh. Give her this, and she’ll give you shelter for as long as she can.”
“Of course you are,” John answered, handing him a hot cup of tea. “Drink this.”
“Raibert had you?” Sherlock repeated.
“Bravo!” he shouted.
John's warm tongue then licked at his lips, shushing him, laying him back onto the bed. "Oh, John," whispered Sherlock.
John shouted in disgust, and dropped The Golem back into the mud. He gripped the man’s neck and pummeled the monster at will, over and over, blood flying from the man’s cheeks and nose, spraying all over the doctor’s coat and face.
William obeyed, but still couldn’t cover a small twitch as the tea hit his tongue.
“Fine. I’m fine,” he said in his deepest honeyed baritone. “Thank you.”
She jumped when a deep voice directly behind her said: “You didn’t accidentally leave your phone here.”
“London,” John said softly.
“Rushing…” he answered, his face burning so much he could barely concentrate.
Sherlock moaned obscenely as his mouth caught John's lips. He deepened the kiss as he pulled the jumper from John's arms. John responded by grabbing the consulting detective's round firm ass, violently snapping their bodies together and allowing his tongue to roam Sherlock's pink, swollen lips.
“Enter,” he heard a voice.
“You are cherished, John Watson,” he continued. “In the deepest, most private way a man can cherish another. It’s a privilege to share my life with you. I wish I could shout it to the world.”
His naivety was endearing, his enthusiasm unmatched as he devoured Sherlock on his own timetable, leaving little unexplored as he made his way down and then back up his lordship's long, lithe body. He finally brought all his focus to Sherlock's groin. His nose nuzzled along his hardened length, the thin silk of Sherlock’s pyjamas the only barrier between them.
“Beg your pardon, m'lord” said John. “Will you be needing anything else this evening?”
“Dr. Watson! Dr. Watson!”
The morning rides were no longer a solo adventure as the two men took off together to explore the estate. Sherlock had started collecting leaves for the students’ lesson on plant life. John had begun writing again, something he enjoyed immensely. He’d sometimes catalogue Sherlock’s observations, and other times he’d write about the estate and its beauty and history.  Sometimes he’d sketch the landscape. He'd even sketched Sherlock a few times when he was sure he wasn't looking.
It was close to 2am in the morning, and Mrs Turner sometimes slept through the bell, so John sat down his whisky and held fast to the rail, stiffly making his way down the stairs.
“He accidentally fell down some stairs,” he said, his bottom lip trembling. “He broke his arm. In three places.”
The violin solo abruptly halts. A deep ripple appears in the young musician’s smooth forehead as he rubs his palm impatiently over his eye socket. It forces the burning to subside. He sighs, silently admonishing himself, and pulls the violin back up to his chin to begin the piece again.
He also got his wish for torrential weather, but it came several hours too late. The rain and then large balls of hail began to fall just as the men had finished their brandy and cigars.
“Can we talk about it tomorrow?”
He was shockingly thin and tan, the angles on his face severe. His hair had begun to unevenly grow back from being sheared. The gleam usually present in his translucent eyes had gone missing. He looked tired and downtrodden.
“I know,” he answered softly.
He’d went back and forth multiple times, from stewing in his emotions and to playing them out on his violin. His fingertips sizzled and burned from overplaying.
“Well, we never would have found them if it weren’t for you,” said Lestrade, patting him on the shoulder. “Keep this up, we might consider even payin’ ya.” Lestrade wandered back off to the investigation, just as a black car with heavily tinted windows pulled up. Without a word, Mycroft got in the car and it drove away.
John, who had never raised his voice in anger, kept muttering under his breath. “Unacceptable,” he said, noisily slamming a cabinet door and pulling out supplies. Most of the men took the opportunity to scatter, leaving Ahad behind.
John smiled back at him as he threw his rucksack over his shoulder.
********
“He didn’t say. But he left this.”
“Now, bend your knees a bit,” John said softly.
Sherlock shut his eyes tightly.
“One he will not be able to resist,” the detective said, leaning back against the carriage’s seat. “He’s the most intelligent criminal I’ve ever encountered . I dare say he is at times more clever than even I. But I know him. And he won’t be able to resist my invitation.”
Everyone flipped their sheet music. Sherlock caught a glimpse of Wiggins ejecting spit from his horn, a puddle has by his feet.
“So you come back here in the winter?” he inquired, genuinely curious at the Spaniard’s lifestyle.
“I’ve been searching everywhere for you,” admitted Sherlock. “It seems as if what Brook said was true.”
“I thought that was only in France.”
“Amazing,” mumbled Donovan. “But if anyone could have survived it, it’d be Sherlock.”  He turned and pointed toward the door. “Alright if I let myself out?”
Sherlock glanced at the book and paused. He slowly picked it up and flipped to the page that had been earmarked to read.
“Come to bed.”
“You didn't mean to trick me? To get me drunk and pump me for information and then just assume I’d follow up on some promise I made about moving you to London? A promise I don’t even remember making?”
------
Sherlock pulled out the L&M’s, and Wiggins plucked one from the case. Sherlock lit it for him and then one for himself as they both laid back against the outside wall. Wiggins exhaled, smoke briefly covering the entirety of his narrow face.
“You said we knew each other from before,” Sherlock continued.
Sherlock managed a small smile, but shook his head.
So Sherlock did.
John managed a small smile, his heart almost exploding with happiness at Sherlock's words.
When Victor didn’t show up for Concert Band the next morning, everyone was on edge, some glaring at Sherlock, others looking sadly at his empty chair.
William’s eyes were soft and glistening, his breath and chest heaving with anticipation. John watched a pale hand reach forward and close around his own wrist.
John tried to smile, but found himself unable to pretend under the scrutiny of the Spaniard’s gaze.
Sherlock threaded his pruning fingers into John's. “Because I thought I loved someone before you, but now I realise it was something else entirely.”
“Johnny, I almost forgot,” said Mr. Thomas. “This letter came for you shortly after you left for Luss. I sent notice to my sister in Currie, but you had already passed on. It’s been waiting on you for fifteen years to open it.”
John forced himself up from the mud and followed the innkeeper to the very edge of the ridge.
John glanced over at Felipe, who had the same look of concern on his face.
John had become increasingly silent and melancholy the closer they got toCornwall. As they approached the turn off to Lands End, John knocked on the ceiling of the carriage to signal for the driver to stop. He gathered his medical bag and hat in his hands.
The violin player’s tune became slow and sweet. Friederich grabbed Fritz by the hand and they held each other, dancing and swaying in the middle of the room. Two other men joined in, dancing and holding onto one another. John watched their mouths meet, kissing and hugging and nuzzling each other as they moved slowly around the room.
He motioned for Sherlock to stand with him in front of the wall casing. At least 30 batons were on display. Brook motioned to the one in the upper right hand corner, hanging vertically from a hook.
The young man’s apartment was filled with trains and maps and tracks and books about trains and everywhere Molly looked, more trains. She began to feel a bit claustrophobic as she hovered behind Sherlock and his new cohort. They were fast forwarding through tunnel surveillance and seemed to find the disappearing man quite troubling.
Sherlock didn’t eat or sleep that night. By the time he made it back to his bed it was already 2am. He was so worked up from the discovery in the Cellar that he spend most of the night doing research on the Internet. (He was also trying not to think of John Watson’s lips and arse, but he indulged himself every few hours or so. It was difficult to function with a perpetual hard-on).
“If the mountain won’t come to Mohammed,” he whispered, and embraced John with all his might.
********
“Oh?”
Sherlock adjusted himself in his seat, and quickly stretched his arm out to relieve a kink. He felt flustered, anxious, and was growing very frustrated.
John stood on the other side, red-cheeked and trembling.
John’s tongue probed Sherlock’s center, softening the muscle and eventually pushing inside. Sherlock gasped as John pushed his thighs up, hot breath on his cock, the sensation of being swallowed whole as fingers gently filled him up.
“He’s a bully,” he said. “He has this reputation for being such a great teacher, but I never learned a thing from him, except how to duck.” He took a long drag off the cigarette, seemingly deep in thought. “Watch yourself,” he continued. “Bloody Brook goes after beginners and concert players. Especially on the new practice floor. There’s been talk about some real pervy things going on.” He took another swig from his flask. “I think of the Cellar as the good ole days.”
“Yes,” he finally said, as his entire, lithe form visibly deflated.
“Sherlock,” he said softly. “Please wake up. Come back to me.”
“I'll never learn.”
Sherlock sits on the couch, wrapped in a white sheet and looking miserable. His violin is laying the coffee table. Mrs. Hudson enters with a tray of biscuits and tea.
John did not go to Marseilles. In fact, he did not go anywhere.
“Yeah, well, inspector, I’ve got a bit of news. Bit shocking really.”
“No, I believe it would be good for my lungs. Not to mention murder on my arse.”
No one answered.
“These are my initials, Mr. Holmes.”
He walked over and shrugged on his long coat, his large hand slicking back his hair before setting his tall hat on his head. He pulled John’s coat off the rack and held it out for him.
He walked back into the center of the road, and tucked the paper and pencil into the crook of his arm.
“Why?”
The room was lit only by moonlight streaming in from the high bare window. In the privacy of the bedroom, John arched his back and sighed as he spread his legs wide, fingers sliding between his thighs as he stroked himself.
“I’m coming.”
“I’m going to kiss you all over,” he whispered in his ear, as his fingers threaded through slicked, dark hair.
“William,” warned John. “I said, let’s speak of it tomorrow.”
“You do,” his mother replied. “Here, help me unpack.”
“Mr. Steiler begs for you to return at once, Dr. Watson,” he said between gasping breaths. “An Englishwoman who just arrived is on her deathbed, and she refuses to see the local physician.”
“I’ll leave you be,” says Mrs. Hudson. She squeezes John on the shoulder in a tender, motherly gesture and heads back downstairs.
“Dammit John, let me borrow a pen!” he said.
Sherlock leaned back, his jaw set in frustration. He tossed back the rest of his drink.
“What else?”
He tapped his baton once against the music stand, and the whole room when silent.
“What?” smirked Sherlock, as he removed his goggles and walked towards John.
………..
Sherlock perked up. “Go on.”
John caught a glimpse of the man hightailing it towards the main display case where the reliquary was kept. He shot off after him, grabbing the lantern as he went.
And after the charade, after Sherlock’s bloody doppelganger was removed from the sidewalk, and she had wiped John’s river of tears off his cheeks and slipped him a sedative, she whispered to John to have faith.  It’ll all turn out in the end, she’d said. But John had already fallen asleep.
Sherlock looked too, and saw a figure of a man behind the frosted glass of the classroom door. He seemed to be listening.
“Nah, I showed him,” responded Wiggins. “I’m a fourth year. Known about this for ages.” He gestured to the ledge and out to the browning, forgotten garden in front of him. “Coulda been mine, but, you know.” He looked guiltily at Sherlock.
"Touch yourself," John commanded. "Make yourself come. That's it."
“There’s one more thing.”
Sherlock managed a small smile. “I believe I can.”
Sherlock gracefully took the the hand of dowager marchioness hand and kissed it. “It’s an honor, my lady. If I may be so bold, m’lord, let me introduce my friend and colleague Dr. Watson.”
“Then you will not be surprised when I ask that you leave this house,” she said firmly.
“John, this whole situation isn’t fair, to anyone," said Felipe. "I just keep thinking, if my Penelope reappeared, out of nowhere...it has to be very hard for you.”
Sherlock felt a muscled leg snake around his milky thigh. Hot lips brushed his graceful neck, his defenseless nipple squeezed between a forefinger and thumb.
John realized it was the dead of night as he watched their hot breath in the night air.
“Si, Dr. Canales. He holds hours Tuesdays and Thursdays.” He pointed with his thumb. “End of town, last house on the left.”
The rain pummeled his face. He felt like he was drowning.
“It’s a beautiful work, don’t you think?”
Felipe's face fell into a wide grin. “Yes?”
“I’m actually just leaving,” said Sherlock, standing. “May I have my phone?”
Dimmock gave him a quick wink as he hurried off with his hat and bag. Irene wandered in along with Mycroft.
It was still night when John awoke with Sherlock wrapped around him like a blanket. He was hot and sweating but didn't care: he nestled in and listened to Sherlock breath softly behind him.
“Open up!”
Brook's mood darkened, his expression sinister.
“Do you know where we're going?” he whispered. “I’d rather not follow them blindly into the bowels of Berlin.”
John smiled back in gratitude and squeezed her hand. “Mother,” he said. “I should like to return to Luss one day so I can learn more about him.”
After a few minutes, the young medical student accidentally lost his footing, and Sherlock felt him drop. He held fast to his wrist and kept him suspended above the cold hard path.
"I've got one already."
“He knew I could take care of myself.”
“You’re prying,” he sneered. “It will end you.”
John snorted. “Quite a disappointment, I should think.”
"If he even thinks about touching you again, he'll have to answer to me."
“Have you thought anymore about my proposal?” asked Sherlock, adjusting his jacket in the mirror.
“You can’t. At least, not yet.” Sherlock opened John’s bag and pulled out his trousers and shirt.
Brook slowly shook his head. “No you didn’t.” He approached Sherlock and placed his hands on his thin shoulders. “Sherlock, stop fighting this. You’re in.”
Next time, he thought warmly. John Watson said next time.
“No.”
“But -” stuttered Anderson.
John barely stifled a groan. He hesitated just for a moment, then grabbed the back of Sherlock’s head and pulled him down for a kiss. The men stripped off the rest of their clothing and fell into the bed, skin sliding against skin.
John broke stride briefly to pull Sherlock upright, manhandling up against the tile.
Sherlock’s body crumpled in defeat and John immediately had his arms around him in a tight embrace. He burrowed gratefully into John's hard chest.
“No,” ordered Donovan.”You both get yourselves back to Baker Street. We’ll sweep the Reservoir.”
Sherlock looked up in surprise.
“Of course not sir,” she had answered. “I’ll move your things over immediately.”
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. Date? "I think that about covers it," he replied.
“I received a telegram from The Earl of Cornwall, Sherlock's brother,” he said, holding up the paper. “He is requesting I come immediately to the estate, but he doesn't say why.”
The room was silent but for the soft sounds of sucking, moaning and skin rustling against skin.
“This is coming off, now,” said Sherlock. “Barbaric.”
In Simpson’s Pub, glasses that previously held gin slings sat empty next to half-eaten plates. John continued to slurp his pea soup while Sherlock poked at a disappearing pork chop. Both men were waiting impatiently for the next round of drinks, since conversation had been stilted at best.
Lestrade pursed his lips. “I still don’t know who, but someone figured him out. We managed - barely- to get Holmes to safety, but the family…”
But the hollow threat had backfired. Sherlock hadn’t known about the Spaniard. Dr. Felipe Canales was everything John ever wanted to be and more.
“I told you once that ‘I gave you this life’,” he continued. “I regretted saying it the moment the words left my mouth, not merely because it’s a reprehensible thing to say, but because it’s simply not true.” He closed his eyes. “The moment you, John Watson, stepped foot into Lands End my world became full of possibility. I didn’t dread getting up in the morning because you would be there, brave and wise and true, keeping me right.” Sherlock opened his eyes. “As soon as you left that fateful day, I realized what I had done.”
John let him have it for minutes that seemed like hours before letting go with a “pop”. Sherlock was begging for it now. He turned him over and spread his bottom wide, one cheek covered in bespoke trousers and the other cheek pale and fleshy and exposed.
John sat with the brandy in his hand next to the fire, but he didn’t drink it. He didn’t feel like it. He’d waited all afternoon and evening for Sherlock to stir. The tin box sat on the small table between the armchairs.
“What brings you to Sant Sadurni d’Anoia?” he asked in perfect English.
Donovan hesitated, as if he wasn’t quite sure what he was getting into, then sighed and stepped into his office.
Before Cromwell Music Conservatory of London became an internationally-renowned training ground for classically trained musicians, it's underground caverns housed a well-stocked wine cellar for the enigmatic Duke of Windsor, who had won the old dilapidated monastery in a card game in 1813.  Though located in a less than desirable neighborhood in London, the Duke's architectural desires rivaled his taste for good liquor, and he proceeded to restore the old gothic structure to most of its former glory. Upon his death, he donated the land and the building to the Sacred Heart Convent, and the nuns wasted no time in selling the libations for funds to fashion Romanesque catacombs in its place (as was the trend in London to do so at the time).  However, once the nuns had depleted their savings in engaging several (unethical) barristers to save the structure from demolition (Parliament was all but determined to make the corner upon which the building stood the number twelve station for the new tube line currently being built across the city), the government evicted the nuns and seized the real estate. Her majesty Queen Victoria, though a converted Anglican, was born and raised a good Catholic girl, and was rather incensed when she heard of the maltreatment endured by the hard-working nuns of the Sacred Heart. Miraculously (not to mention immediately) Parliament found a more suitable location for their new number twelve station, and the building and its use became a matter solely of her majesty's discretion.  And since the nuns had already moved downtown and happily acclimated to the St. James the Less monastery, the Queen’s wish to turn it into a proper music school seemed its next best use. This decision triggered the prompt removal of some of the dead bodies placed in the catacombs just decades before, transported via paddywagon to the burial grounds near Carrington Abbey. In its place, small, sound proofed rehearsal rooms were built.
John let him lie there, catching his breath, his fingers reaching back and playing with the soft curls at the nape of his neck.
“Alright,” said John, taking in a deep breath. “What do you know about these handkerchiefs?”
Brook giggled. His eyes flicker down Sherlock’s body almost imperceptibly. The older man licked his lips, then bit his lower lip.  “For some people, it takes years to find their calling.”
"Oh God, John, oh God," whined Sherlock, as he squirmed against the wall, adjusting his hips as John's cock pleasured him over and over.
“Not at all. Be my guest.”
John, though, was furious.
--------------
“Mmm?”
“Fancy some chips?”
“I don’t want any tea,” Felipe said, stepping in his path.
“Also,” said Sherlock. “I left you something on your bed. To wear.” There was a pause. “I hope you like it.”
“Actually, I spent some time recalling the first time we met,” he answered tenderly.
He’d just filled the tub in the kitchen with the last of the boiling water as William walked in, his teeth chattering and his arms full of honey jars. John gathered the honey and then helped him out of his coat. He was trembling and coughing and mad as a wet cat.
John cleared his throat.
“-It was in your left coat pocket the entire time,” said Sherlock, his voice low and rumbling in her ear. He pressed her small frame against the kitchen counter. “You were creating a situation that would give you time to be alone with me.”
“Thanks,” said Wiggins. “I can’t believe I survived. That bloody Brook is a nightmare.”
Inside the bustling pub, John sat with his ale and sipped it slowly. He wondered if he had any family in Luss to speak of, if anyone would remember his father or mother, or even remember him. It had been ten years after all. He was not the same little boy, and he knew no one would recognise him. He was beginning to think that returning to Luss was a terrible idea. He should have stayed and tried for work in one of the larger estates down south instead of wasting his money heading northwest. His money was already dwindling. He took another sip of his ale.
“John Hamish Watson.”
“You’re rushing a little. And a one...”
“Oh, God ” he moaned softly. “Oh, God.”
“Chrysantheme,” said Fritz. The door opened wide and the two men entered. Sherlock followed curiously behind, John begrudgingly so.
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice gruff and weak.
John guided himself in, pressing the head of his length slowly into the heat of his lover’s body. The sensation was as thrilling and overwhelming as the first time he'd felt it. Sherock’s fingers fluttered over his biceps and then curled tightly around them.
John didn’t follow. Instead, he let his weak knees buckle as he sat heavily back down at the table, his hand still wrapped around the large, dark wine bottle.
John immediately leaned forward and captured Sherlock’s wet lips, feeling the sweat that had formed along his temple and cheeks. He gently probed his mouth with his tongue.
“What am I doing,” he mumbled to himself. “Why am I here?”
John came forward and took his hand.
John laughed. “So far so good,” he said.
Finally, he began to calm down. John could just make out that his eyes had opened, but his breath quickly became laboured again as he gripped John tightly with two icy hands.
“That’s all?”
“It’s alright, take your time,” said John.
Sherlock pulled out his fingers and held on with both hands around John’s neck. Sherlock pounded into him, then slowed down, then pounded some more.
“Sorry to drop by unannounced. I just wanted to see how you were fairing.”
“First week of spring.”
“We’ve worked together before, Detective Inspector,” William managed to say.
"William Wiggins, resident advisor," he said, sticking out his hand. Sherlock shook it. "I know you're new around here, but I need to remind you that there is no smoking," he said, looking past Sherlock into the Sliver.
“Oh, fine, fine,” lied John.
They awoke to Ahad shouting their names. He was banging on the door to the sitting room.
“Maiwand was..." he began, then swallowed uncomfortably. “I was on front line. The Afghan artillery didn’t let up for days. Just kept shooting and shooting and shooting. I couldn’t think, between that and the bloody heat.” He paused, wiped his brow. “I saw my friend Bill go down, and I crawled over and tried to wrap my jacket around his head. He was bleeding, blood just...it was everywhere. And I felt something hit me in my shoulder and I can’t remember if I fell or it knocked me down, but Bill was there and he was looking over at me and he smiled. And I watched the light leave his eyes.”
“Yes you can,” he replied. “Your mother was a kind lady and you have worked hard. Take it and be well, Johnny.” Mr Frank gave his shoulder a squeeze.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I’m so sorry.”
“I’m not a doctor, m’lord,” said John. “I’ve never been to medical school. I learned what I know while stationed in India and Afghanistan.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but only said, “Do what you wish.”
For a moment, it looked as if Sherlock's demeanor would crumble as well, but he willed his composure to remain steady as he pressed his forehead against his valet's.
John turned his head and nodded, his lips meeting Sherlock’s. They explored each other’s mouths and Sherlock's hands roamed John’s warm body. Sherlock reached over and grabbed the salve from the small table next to the bed.
John's willpower was dissipating with each of those breaths.
They arrived by rail on a Thursday afternoon. The train station was massive and even smelled new as they walked through the crowds of people flowing in and out of the building. When they emerged onto the street, John managed to fight his way through the dusty air and swarms of commuters to secure a cab. They piled in and began the slow journey through the city to the  Freie Universität Berlin.
He was pleased to find the door locked from the inside. The room was fitted with a chair, music stand, a coat rack, large bench and two small shelves. One shelf held a stylish wooden metronome, while the other was filled with mineral oil, polish, cloths and cork grease.
They collapsed on top of each other, covered in sweat and fluid. John helped Sherlock onto his back and kissed him.
Sherlock inwardly swooned at John’s immediate wish to commit the crime of breaking and entering.
“You know about the Sliver's last resident," he said.
Time passed and finally, a piece of mail arrived at the flat. The prose was brief: Sherlock was heading to Land’s End as Mrs. Hudson was seriously ill. He would write when he arrived, he said. John, though disappointed, knew it would do Sherlock good to return home, where the mild winters and sunshine would aid in his rehabilitation.
“Alright,” said John, pointing a finger sternly at Sherlock. “But you promised me you’d stay away from  that bloody Professor Brooks. Keep your word on that and I’ll not press you any further. Deal?”
Moriarty.
“Hmm.”
“Harry’s here.”
He heard William shout his name as the gun as knocked out of his hand, and the next thing he knew, he was lying flat on his back on the museum floor with the wind completely knocked out of him.
John shook his head. “He’s sick. He’s not himself.”
It took him a moment. He wiped his eyes again and wiped his nose, but he finally managed to turn and faced him.
He pinned John back against the cool, smooth wall, and in his deepest, rumbling baritone said:
He leaned forward and placed his hand on John’s knee.
He opened the door to a room John had only been in a few times before. It was decorated with different shades of blue and gold trim. A large four post bed faced the east side, and large windows with expensive tapestries filled the adjacent wall.
“Anderson is a bloody snitch who needs additional duties to keep him out of other people's affairs.”
Friedrich and Fritz had obviously had a lot of drink as they giggled and stumbled along the pavement. They turned into an alley as John gently gripped Sherlock by the arm and eased him back.
“His detachment and method are admirable. Yet you write of him as though a legend.”
Felipe sat back a little in his chair, his expression softening a bit.
“No.”
Several immediate blows to his back and Sherlock was finally brought to his knees. Brook grabbed him by the hair again and dragged him across the floor to the open doorway.
“I would also like help moving to London.”
Mrs Turner tutted under her breath, “He’s not going to like that.”
He was well into his third whiskey of the afternoon and had just lit a giant cigar. Needless to say, he was rather perturbed at the interruption.
John remembered little about his trip back down the trail. The beautiful mountains and greenery he’d adored just an hour ago went unnoticed as he jogged and jumped and hurried. He remembers passing a few other fellow hikers, and he almost ran straight into a tall gentlemen, whom he remembered thinking was rather overdressed for a such a walk.
“Mr. Thomas, I do hope I can count on you to call on me in Edinburgh,” he said. “I am happy to forward train fare.”
“Dr. Watson, are you well enough to speak?”
There was a note folded neatly on the end table.
Mycroft, Lestrade and Sherlock exchanged glances.
Sherlock nodded subtly in agreement, though he knew he was lying.
“Hush, love,” he whispered. “These walls are thin.”
"Mm," answered Sherlock. "And then they would seal the stump with tar or boiling oil." He stuffed his hands in his trousers, his lithe frame bending and stretching as he took in the surrounding operating theater. "Most still perished. All that pain, for nothing."
The next morning, before sunrise, Sherlock used Mycroft’s complimentary car service for the second time during his tenure at Cromwell to take John Watson home to his bed to heal. Sherlock insisted he ride along, and John, for once, let him care for him, holding him during the commute, helping him out of the car and up the stairs. When John realized he'd forgotten his key at the hospital, Sherlock picked the lock, which amused John to no end.
“Sussex?” John said. “Stamford’s from there. I’ll ask him to inquire about a flat.
“I’m glad.”
Ahad pushed it into his arms.
Felipe's lips brushed his softly. When John didn't pull away, he pushed the younger man into the door and passionately devoured every inch of his mouth. Both men grunted as their bodies pressed tightly against each other, feeling the other stiffen with want. As their kisses grew deeper and longer, John slid his hand under Felipe's shirt and intentionally placed it over his scar.
“Do you want to suck me?”
“Buenas tardes, mi amor,” Felipe said, as he shoveled the dirt around the post.
“Bees.”
John glanced around the small, empty room. He removed his hat as he was greeted by a middle aged woman with a harried look on her small, thin face.
It was the term Sherlock used that brought John to his senses. He laughed awkwardly though his tears. “You called me ‘love’,” he said.
He turned and walked away.
John Watson failed to suppress a smirk at Mycroft’s comment, which made Sherlock like him even more. He allowed his eyes dip below the young man’s face to observe filthy rugby regalia, neck and arms dirty from play.
“John,” he began to say, but he couldn’t find the words. His feeling were jumbled, his mind was racing like a thoroughbred. He wanted John to know, well, what exactly did he want to tell John? He found himself speechless, a circumstance even he found ironic.
John managed to shake his head and forced back another fresh wave of tears.
In the evening, William would play his violin and John would read. His playing improved with every piece, and soon it was if he’d been practicing for decades.
The crowd mumbled and some began to back off. A few shouted back.
When Sherlock didn’t answer, John got up, took the box of noodles out of his hand and pulled him into his arms.
A collective sigh of relief swept through the silence as Ahad, looking rather pale, stumbled inside with John Watson hot on his heels. The acting surgeon made a beeline for Felipe, his expression dissolving from concern to anger.
On the screen was an online article from the London Times. John took the phone and began to read:
But I began to rue th' unhappy sight
“It’s him,” Sherlock heard someone whisper behind him.
“Mrs Turner is my employee,” he said carefully, glaring at Mr Thomas. “If she feels the need to spread details of my personal life to everyone within earshot, maybe I need to rethink her position at Baker Street.”
The man snorted. “Your apothecary?”
They both had lo mein and egg rolls, and Sherlock drank green tea while John had another tap water. John happily paid for the meal, since it was again a bargain at 10 quid for the both of them (Sherlock had purposefully encouraged the cheap noodles and rolls). They had planned an after dinner stroll across the bridge, but the weather had turned damp and drizzly.
"As it should," said Sherlock, pulling him inside and closing the door. He unhooked his Belstaff from the coat rack and wrapped it around John, rubbing his shoulders vigorously in an attempt to warm him.
By the time John and Mr. Steiler reached the top of the summit the sun was setting behind the mountains. More villagers were on the path behind them, armed with torches, rope and medical supplies.
Being expelled from Cambridge had come as a complete surprise, and it wounded him more than he’d ever care to admit.
“Come on, let’s get the hell out of here,” said John, breaking the kiss and again grabbing Sherlock’s hand. They made their way along the corridor in silence until the warm glow from Sherlock’s lit torch signaled that they had finally reached the open cavern.
“What else did you do?” William asked carefully.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes” John answered. His heart was beating like mad, but he was determined to appear calm and collected. He settled in front of the fire while Sherlock rang for service.
“Cornwall, sir,” said John. “That’s at the tip of England?”
Sherlock sat up, and immediately regretted it. He rested his forehead in his palms.
Sherlock turned around. There was something in his expression that made Molly stop talking.
By the time John had finished with William’s arm, the younger man was nearly drowsy with pain. He offered some laudanum but he refused.
“Thank you,” whispered Felipe. He shut his big brown eyes and fell asleep.
“Of course, m’lady” answered John, confused. Of course it is, thought John. She died.
Felipe slid down onto his knees and pulled John’s trousers with him. John felt the familiar, hot suck of Felipe’s luscious mouth, and he groaned with pure and utter contentment.
John's own lips curled and a puff of laughter breached his cheeks."Well, you did get something wrong,” he teased.
“Carl Powers drowned in my room,” he said suddenly. He looked up at John, who had a mouthful of noodles, half which were still hanging from his lips. He almost choked trying to swallow them down.
“I need you inside of me,” he begged. He pressed John’s hand deeper into his bottom.
Felipe stood unarmed in front of a mob of angry villagers. He desperately tried to calm them, but whatever he said only seemed to make them angrier. John crept up beside Ahad, who was watching all the commotion with fear in his eyes.
Sherlock had a terrifying thought that he was going to have to make John stop, when he felt warmth fill him from inside. John thrusted and jerked and stopped breathing, then collapsed onto his back, his chest heaving and sweat pouring from his forehead.
The day was overcast but warm as John walked alongside Felipe through the rows of carefully kept vines. He was only half-listening, as his mind continued to drift back the way Felipe's hand had crushed his the night before, both suddenly bound together in their grief.
John placed his hand on the door knob. Sherlock rose from his chair.
His eyes wandered over to an attractive, middle-aged man leaning against the bar. The man was gazing at Sherlock, and then approached him like a wolf ready to pounce on a lamb.
John shook his head. “What if we see someone we know? His lordship would be furious.”
“He wanted you to have it,” he said simply. “Peace be with you, Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock laughed. “Watson,” he said, turning the flask over. It was empty. “You drank it all?”
So this story is going to be longer than five chapters. Hang in there, I've got a lot written and it's coming soon. Please know anything is possible...
He mentally chided himself for coming to Sant Sadurni d’Anoia at all.
The main hall was creepy at night, even with the lights shining on the marble floors and gilded hallways. Sherlock figured it was the silence that made it so unbearable. The presence of students gave the building warmth. Without them, it felt cold and lifeless.
“I’m beginning to think we’ll never have a place of our own,” complained John.
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle. “Plan B?”
********.
Just then, a man walking by slowed and then stopped.
John swallowed, his eyes unblinking, staring out the window.
“Why did you insist he take up his old profession?”
“I forgot we had an audience,” John panted.
As they climbed the steps to the door, Felipe stumbled and gasped.
Heavy drops of water landed on John’s blonde, exposed head. He looked up, wondering if the wind had shifted, causing the fall’s trajectory to change.
His throat closed as he choked back tears. Frustration flashed across his face as he grew impatient with himself and his inability to control his emotions.
“Here,” he said, holding it close to William’s lips.
They both leaned in, lips meeting in a tender, desperate kiss. Felipe cradled the younger man’s face and held him close, breathing him in. His tongue slid against John’s as he gently maneuvered him onto his back.
“Where is he?” demanded Sherlock. Brook gave him a shrug as if he didn’t know, but his eyes told a different story. “You’re on, squeaker.” He snapped his finger and pointed to the front of the line. Sherlock gave Brook a knowing look but then took his place in the front.
“Dr. Watson! Dr. Watson I found something! Over here!”
"I’ve obtained multiple credits in Chemistry from Cambridge, but I was expelled before I could complete my terminal degree. And I'm studying forensics on my own at the moment. I have catalogued thousands of soil samples throughout London and I just completed an analysis of tobacco ash.”
“Flattery will get you everywhere, John,” Sherlock said, smiling back. “But if you hadn’t pulled me away from Brook...I see the danger I was in now. I’ve been meaning to ask, why did you come back that day?”
“Yes, on my word, which is why I need to remedy the situation immediately.”
“You miss it?”
The thought sent him into a panic. He quickly sat up.
“Obviously.”
“I just left him there!”
“John, the man on the camel...I know his name.”
“Everything you did for me.”
"No," Sherlock pleaded. "You'll stay away, John. I mean it. He's dangerous."
“M’lord,” said John.
“What are you talking about?”
“Get dressed. You owe an old friend a visit.”
The sounds from Sherlock drove John into desperation. He thought he might die from pleasure. His jumper was soaked clear through with sweat. He was so close…
Her eyes immediately shone with regret as she stopped herself.
The day had been unusual. As a pathologist working in St. Bart’s morgue, Molly’s days were usually filled with fascinating work, but it was, as she was discovering, a rather isolated existence.
Felipe reached out and suddenly took John's hand, and squeezed it tightly.
Instead, he watched him sleep.
“I sent no such boy, doctor.”
"Shit.”
“Congratulations!” exclaimed Felipe.
He turned back to John.
Sherlock released all over his hand, the tile and shower floor just as John came inside of him, filling him up with warm come, it mixing with the shower steam as it dripped down between his thighs.
John, moved by Sherlock’s words, gathered his hands into his and squeezed.
“Of course I’ll come with you,” said John adamantly. “Unless-”
Instead he just held him, tightly, until the sun began to set over the pond.
Sherlock turned away and disappeared into the falls.
He turned to the Earl, searching for some indication of a prank, a welcome home joke done in poor taste, something to explain what he was seeing plain as day out that window.
The large number of dinner guests staying over made doubling up necessary. Once inside their quarters, John peeled out of his jacket and tie and shirt and began to hyperventilate.
“I can sleep anywhere as well,” Felipe said, nodding at the hard, straighback chair. “Once I slept standing up through a Cavalry charge.”
He thought of nothing but Sherlock’s return, of Sherlock’s lips, of the book of poems he read desperately over and over. He had taken to carrying it in his front breast pocket of his jacket. He knew it was dangerous to do so, but it made him feel better to carry it so close to his heart.
Two weeks later, a large box arrived for Mr John Watson. He took it up to his room and opened it up. Inside was a metal brace about 30 centimetres long with two leather straps at either end. John immediately placed it around his bad leg and fastened the straps. He pulled trousers down over the top of it, pleased it was unnoticable from the outside. He slid the empty box under his bed and returned to work with a hopeful smile on his face.
“You killed two men to save my father’s life?”
“But Brook never found anything,” John realized. “So he wasn’t getting repaid for the money he’d put up front for the fourth floor rehab.”
“I’m sure you’re pleased with yourself,” John finally said, well into his second scotch.
“There, it’s settled,” announced Sherlock, slapping and rubbing his hands together. “I’ll tell him. He can start as soon as possible. That is, if it's okay with you Roberts.”
It was in the middle of the day when Captain Lestrade appeared in the doorway. He knocked on the open door.
“Medicine!” he said, smiling. “For you.” He pried open the crate, and inside, in pristine condition, were a month’s worth of medical supplies.
"Then why did you stop playing?"
John struggled to his feet as his anger grew at the marchioness and her secrets. He grabbed his bag and followed Sherlock through the aisle of the carriage.
Felipe’s eyes filled with gratitude as he extended a weak arm and an open palm. John took his hand in his and squeezed it reassuringly.
Sherlock looked up at him with relaxed, bright eyes. A smiled played at the corners of his mouth as he licked his lips.
“Fine,” he said. “You’re a bloody drunkard. It has to stop.”
“Oh for God sakes, John,” barked Sherlock impatiently. He snatched the envelope out of his hand and tore it open. A key with a note fell out onto the bed.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's. They both stayed that way for a moment, breathing each other in, until John whispered:
Warning for extreme dubious consent.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed. “Is there any way you would at the very least consider not addressing me as m’lord when we’re alone?” He walked up and with a huff handed John a stack of books, then pulled the ladder over and crawled up to the top shelf.
“Alright?” Sherlock replied.
Ahad set off to find the medicine as John ignored and pushed his way through the two men. He picked up a medical bag and headed back out across the courtyard.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Embellish at will, John. Irene loves a good tragedy. She eats it up like creamed cornucopias at Christmas.”
Sherlock shook his head. “We’ll get caught.”
Dried herbs and flowers hung from the eaves in every direction. Glass bottles, all empty and different colors, littered the shelves and floors. A large window faced the west end and the sun was beating through it, giving all the old artifacts, some displayed in glass, others hanging in midair, an ethereal quality. Sherlock hovered over the pictures of flesh-eating maggots, making a mental note to study the tiny tubers a little more closely with his microscope. He also found himself rather taken by the collection of skulls that lined one side of the wall.
John looked down. He was standing on his own, with no pain. He looked back up at Sherlock, his eyes wide in disbelief. Sherlock smiled at him, and without a word went back up the stairs.
Sherlock slid quickly back across and situated himself directly in front of John.
A few screams pierced the air as Sherlock ducked just in time, the chair smashing against the wall behind him. His own seat slipped out from under him as he fell hard onto the floor, his bow flying out of his hand and landing somewhere in the reed section.
John’s eyes were wide with terror. “Sherlock, what am I to do?”
William shook his head. “That’s not the point.”
“I know Albert Stuart died a few years ago. This would be his son, Matthew, who inherited the title,” he said thoughtfully. “I’ve found that servants in a household, if departed while young, are rarely recognized by the employer. You may well go undetected by the Stuarts, with the exception of the Dowager Marchioness.”
“Better, not that you care.”
John’s throat produced a tiny involuntary whimper. He shut his eyes tightly, preparing for the worse.
“Dr. Watson, you have been ill for quite some time. God as my witness, we have done everything in our power to find Mr. Holmes.”
John just stood there hoping Sherlock had more to say.
Sherlock jerked, bumping John’s hand out of the intimate place.
“Well, then,” John mumbled to himself. He folded the letter and tucked it into his pocket.
John gently sat down next to him on the bed. He carefully extended his arm around his narrow shoulders.
“You do?”
“But that, by himself-,” said Donovan. “Would be suicide.”
“John…” he pleaded.
He leaned forward and pressed his lips to that trembling cupid’s bow.
Everyone gasped. John swore under his breath.
When Sherlock did finally walk in, he found John at the bar drinking tap water and glancing at an old flip phone.
“Am I that transparent?”
“My gun,” John pointed to the clay where it lay. “It’s there.”
Sherlock leaned over but his body betrayed him. He shook so hard it took him two attempts to pick up his bow.
-------------------------
John stripped himself and knelt onto the bed as Sherlock crawled into the middle of the sheets. Sherlock took John’s fingers and put them into his mouth and sucked and left them very wet. He then placed them between his legs, and he let John rub him there along his body.
Felipe’s forehead furrowed as he slowed his lips. His palm cradled the back of John's blonde head as his long fingers acknowledged the hand on his abdomen. John stopped briefly to give the older man an empathetic, knowing look, then moved his small, strong hand up and down his large, muscled chest.
The two men often found themselves drinking too much wine and making love under the olive trees. They had stopped attempting to do so on the boat, since Felipe had caused them to capsize more than once.
Lightening flashed and the thunder crashed over him, but John only heard gunfire. Not just the firing of one gun or two, but armies of gunfire. Cannons, too.
“He told me, this morning,” Felipe answered, shaking his head.  “The innkeeper’s son worked at the consulate’s office, and hired Sherlock as an interpreter when he realized he spoke fluent German and English.”
Sherlock felt the heat of embarrassment creep heavily into him. He began to draw himself up, his hand reaching to cover his trousers.
"I thought-" Sherlock stammered. "I misunderstood -"
John leaned on an old wine barrel next to the stall.
"Oh Jesus," groaned John in amazement. "Why are you doing this? You don’t have to do this."
“What’s happened?” she said, out of breath.
"So have I," said John. "But that was like something out of a porno."
Barrister and Solicitor
“So are you upset? Yes or fucking no.”
“Pilar will recover, barring any infection, and the baby is healthy.”
“From you, of course.”
Mr Thomas shrugged his shoulders and shoved another huge piece of pie in his mouth. “That depends on you and Mr Holmes.”
"My boy, taking pleasure in beating your brother in public. It's not decent," she said, but a smile played on the edge of her lips as she ran her hand in a motherly way through Sherlock's curls.
William appeared baffled but remained silent.
“Congratulations by the way.”
John sat down awkwardly. He looked at the tray of food and his stomach betrayed him by growling loudly.
John shook his head. “Army,” he said.
“I want you to know, I haven’t….”
“I do hope you will reconsider dining with your family this evening,” John said softly. “They missed you terribly.” He swallowed, and dared to add. “We all did.”
Sherlock cocked his head, his clear eyes surprised, then crinkling at the sides as he smiled. “Of course you should. That’s brilliant.”
“Meaning!” John answered, more emphatically than he intended. “Sherlock was...He was my best friend, my partner, my…” John felt the flush creeping into his cheeks. “He was bloody brilliant. He could see things others couldn't, and he was the wisest man I've ever known. But he was also a human being, and he had his faults, as we all do.”
When Lestrade and Sherlock refused to answer, Mycroft spoke up. “Because he wanted someone to find them.”
Two Afghan soldiers stood over him, one holding a drawn sword to his neck and the other pointing a rifle at his chest.
Sherlock’s deep baritone cut through the humid air like a sea breeze. John was suddenly terrified to look at him. Sherlock leaned forward and gently lifted his chin. “John, look at me.”
His translucent eyes flashed with rage for the injustice brought upon his friend, his partner.
“I’ve changed my mind,” he whispered.
John kissed him again, and Sherlock found that most of his blood had flowed into his cock, an unfamiliar, almost painful ache throbbing in his trousers. He finally parted his lips, and John devoured him, trapping him between the flimsy wall and his solid chest. A moan escaped his throat, but it was muffled by John’s tongue as they wrapped their arms around each other at the same time.
Sherlock glared at Brook, and with one deep breath, shouted. “I AM UPSET!”
“I’d appreciate it if you’d stop messing up the bedsheets every morning,” she said matter of factly. “It just creates extra work for Marie.”
“Do I really get my own bed?” he said excitedly.
John exhaled a breath he didn’t know he was holding as the baby began to cry. He turned the infant over gently and handed her back to Maria, who wrapped her in a blanket.
So they waited. Days turned into a week, until finally, towards the end of the seventh day, William stirred and opened his eyes.
John spent evenings and weekends learning about grapes and winemaking and working in the fields alongside the Canales family. He became good friends with Raul, whose interest in medicine gave them reason for many conversations. Even Felipe’s sister Francesca grew to like him, as once in awhile, a bread pudding or treacle tart would materialize next to the torrijas. John would thank her profusely and eat second and third helpings, and though she pretended to be put off by his displays of appreciation, the desserts continued to make random appearances.
Sherlock sat on the ledge and chain-smoked until he couldn’t feel his fingers, and slipped back inside to the Sliver.
He moved across to sit side by side with his doctor, pulling him close.
Sherlock tried to hide the suspicion in his voice. The secretary was gone, the door shut behind her.
John blinked, an errant tear escaping down his cheek that he quickly wiped away. He sniffed and coughed and stood up straight, managing a brief nod.
They kissed and touched and explored each other’s lips until John decidedly gripped Sherlock by his narrow waist and laid him back on the bed. He crawled on top of him, his body weight pressing his firm, substantial arousal into the dip of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock gasped at the pressure, running his arms down John's back and settling his two large hands on two thick and muscled arsecheeks. John’s lips ghosted along Sherlock’s long neck and rested on a sharp collarbone, suckling on alabaster-colored flesh.
Sherlock’s shoulders shook softly as John held him close.
John watched William go still. As he turned, he saw the younger man’s face go white as a sheet.
"Come in," said a sing song voice. The woman opened the door.
“You’re supposed to be ripping my clothes off.”
to answer.
Sherlock’s head fell back against the sofa as John’s lips wrapped around the tip and began to suck. He licked and sucked and held gently onto the base of his shaft and stroked it up and down like he did his own. He was embarrassed at first of the noises he was making, but Sherlock didn't seem to mind, so he licked and sucked some more.
"Don't you see, John? He was driven MAD by his love for Paulo!" Sherlock bounced so hard on the bed he almost hit his head on the ceiling. "He wanted nothing in the world but to be with his lover, and he killed his wife. And at the exact same time..."
The Earl seemed to ponder John’s words for a moment.
“Not my tempo. Again? Sherlock only.”
Victor disappears, and Sherlock is beside himself. John doesn’t take the outcome of his first surgery well.
“Doctor Canales left for Spain yesterday,” said Ahad.
And was out the door.
Sherlock thought about lying. Instead, he said: "Yes."
“We’ll leave as soon as you're ready.”
He’d watched enough films and pornography to know how to make Molly feel good. It would be an interesting experiment. And it would definitely repay any debt he felt towards her.
John watched the wheels turning, thoughts connecting in Sherlock’s mind as he processed this new information. The bartender slapped another gin down for each man. Sherlock didn’t hesitate, and took a generous swig from his glass.
Sherlock took the moment to close off and enter his mind, to gather his thoughts, to straighten out all the happenings of the last week and place it in the appropriate file in his brain.  He was surprised to find so many of entries on John Watson. He was spending a lot more time than he realized researching, or if he were being honest about it, daydreaming, about the young medical student. Sherlock's investigation had been pretty thorough, but had revealed little. John had an open Facebook profile, but the last entry was an uploaded photo of him with a young blonde woman in front of a Christmas tree with a caption that read “Harry.” St. Bart’s media page consistently featured his name on the dean’s list. Archives from the North West Evening Mail in Barrow showed an obituary for a “Hamish S. Watson” who died in 2009 and was ‘preceded in death by his parents, Truvy and Hamish W. Watson and is survived by his wife, Sandra, and his two children Harriet and John.’ This led to Sherlock hacking into the Barrow County Coroner's database to look up John’s father’s cause of death: advanced heart disease and liver failure. He was only 41.
John’s phone buzzes. He looks down.
Mr. Thomas was very proud of his apprentice and said so one night at dinner.
“John,” said Sherlock patiently. “Let’s get you home. You’re dehydrated and exhausted. You need to sleep.”
After nine long months, Sherlock's gaze, piercing and open, met his.
It was Wednesday anyway.
“No, sir,” he said firmly, trying to hide his frustration. “I was wounded in the Battle of Maiwand.”
“Watson,” said the man. “No rank?”
Plus needles. And a multitude of other painkillers. Enough to render anyone unconscious many times over.
“Now, Dr. Watson, you have a proposition,” he said good-naturedly. “How may I be of service?”
Sherlock nipped gently at John’s bottom lip. “Much, much better, now.”
“What’s the matter?”
“Anything for you, Sherlock,” said Otis. “Don’t be a stranger, eh? You and you’re – uh- friend.”
Mr. Thomas had opened the window and was unceremoniously draining the contents of the liquor bottle onto the street below.
They stared at each other for a long moment, engaged in a battle of wills. John finally looked away.
Victor again laughed without humor. His voice shook when he spoke. “I’m terrified. I haven’t been home in two days,” he said, looking down at his dirty shirt and pants. “I went to Barts because it’s on the other side of town to get my arm treated.  I’ve just been hanging out here since,” he admitted. “Can you help me, Sherlock?”
Sherlock muttered under his breath, just loud enough for Anderson to hear. “Oh fuck off,” he said.
He couldn’t stop himself from falling. He fell and fell and then…
“I can't ask you to do this!” he said vehemently. “It's too much!
The next morning after breakfast, John tucked his sketchbook and journal in his leather shoulder bag and set off toward the other side of town.  He waded through the stands of fresh fruit and vegetables, through the ladies selling herbs and flowers off the back of wagons. He jumped over an enormous pile of donkey dung near what looked like the local feed & seed, until the road became quieter and less populated.
“That’s what you said yesterday.”
“Alright then,” replied John, a little shocked. “Gracias.”
John stood to move around the chair. He joined arms with Sherlock. They began walking toward the bedroom.
Dr. Watson exited the carriage and bid Dimmock a warm hello. He handed off his hat and coat and was led into the library. Dimmock fixed him a cup of tea and told him his lordship would be with him momentarily.
“Victor -” pleaded Sherlock.
"I saw you, this morning,” he said somberly. “I was on the way back from rounds. I saw you walk out of the flat.”
Raibert bought him an old fashioned, a sweet whiskey drink that Sherlock quite liked, and he drank until his stomach was warm and his mind was fuzzy. Raibert, much to Sherlock's surprise, turned out to be a charming and capable conversationalist. He spoke of Malta and his studies in India and his desire to join Doctors without Borders. He spoke of his family, and when he brought up John, he stopped, seemingly regretting it immediately.
“We’ve monitored the reservoir,” he said. “So far, only one sighting, not confirmed.” He placed his glass carefully on the mantle. “You don't think…”
Felipe looked at him thoughtfully, his big brown eyes flashing with admiration.
William stood near the window by the old dressing table, a hand clamped over his forearm. His shirt was torn at the sleeve and was turning redder by the moment. A bit of blood dribbled into the floor. He was not only surrounded by broken glass but submerged in it. Shards of it glistened in his hair and over his shoulders, and John could already make out a couple of tiny cuts bleeding on his cheekbones.
Felipe, still conscious, glanced up at John and grunted in response.
"I have no idea," John admitted, undoing his fly, his large prick bouncing out of his pants already half-hard. Sherlock grabbed John's arse roughly, dropped to his knees and followed his wavering, thick cock with his mouth. His ample lips parted as his red, slick tongue licked a line up the length of the long, thick shaft. He carefully took John into his mouth.
"Serious as a heart attack!" said Wiggins. He looks around to make sure they are alone, then leans in and whispers. “Besides, you need to know a few things, living in there.” His eyes looked past Sherlock at the door behind him.
“Aye, m’lord.”
--------------
“John,” said Sherlock, a large, slender hand cradling John's cheek. “You're all I think about.” His hand lowered to stroke John's chest through the nightshirt. “Let me in. Let me love you.”
“Why?” asked John, though he’d already grabbed his scarf as Sherlock helped him with his coat. He positioned the bowler on top of his blonde head and waited for an answer.
“Go ahead,” he said. “Throw it in. It’s where it belongs.”
“I second my wife’s sentiment,” said Mycroft. “Dr. Watson, it is a pleasure to see you again.” He held out his hand. John shook it.
“What is it that they say, that conversation is overrated?” John said as he fell to his knees on the bed and crawled to face Sherlock.
After he’d finally convinced Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson he wasn’t about to pass out or die, Sherlock walked deeper into the park to his favorite spot, a large fountain with a giant fish spraying water from its mouth and gills.
John didn’t know what compelled him at that moment to ask about the Spaniard. He hadn’t up until that point even planned on looking him up. Besides, the chances of Felipe actually being in Sant Sadurni d’Anoia were very low -
“I’m so sorry, m’lord,” said Mrs Hudson. “I didn’t mean -”
The Canales family winery sat up on a hill just west of the village. The old main villa dated back hundreds of years, as did the farm itself. Some of the vines had survived the blight and still produced a small amount of the cherished rioja the family was known for.
John laughed as Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m not going to miss this place.”
“You don’t know your wife’s name?”
“Why do you insist on sleeping in here?
Felipe glanced up at him, obviously annoyed with the question.
, when?”
“John-”
John jumped up from his chair, papers fluttering all over the floor as he bolted toward the bedroom, Mr. Thomas and Marie hot on his heels.
“Irene!” exclaimed the Duchess. “You look ravishing. Where is that precious boy of yours?”
“You’re my family” John insisted, his eyes becoming damp. He looked away, embarrassed, failing to swallow the emotions bubbling up inside of him.
“Please, I don’t wish to embarrass you,” pleaded John.
John turned to Sherlock.
William at last pulled away, searching his friend’s eyes as he hovered over him.
John creeped in closer, shining his lantern to expose the marks on the officer’s neck.
"Johnny!" he shouted, stepping over the couch and embracing John Watson in an intimidating, not to mention naked, bear hug.
John turned to Sherlock, looking very serious. “Well, I hope you enjoyed our date,” he deadpanned. “Hope we can do it again sometime. Share a cab back to uni?”
Anderson took his place next to John in the courtyard, who was standing arrow-straight, making sure his cane was well-hidden by the sides of his coat.
”I don’t understand what you want from me,” he said, his eyes sharp with anger.
Sherlock was by his side in a flash. He picked him up and helped him into the chair. This time John didn’t protest, he just closed his eyes and tried to breathe evenly.
John felt the ember smoldering in his belly ignite, flames shooting into his thighs, up his chest and into his neck. He could feel himself turning scarlet. He took another swig of the wine.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,’ he said.
In Edinburgh, he found a ride into Currie. It was late by the time he reached the pub. John found Mr Thomas’s sister immediately as she looked just like him. She charitably put John up for two days, allowing him to rest, and happily replenished his food basket before sending him on his way.
“You,” said Sherlock, a reverent smile on his lips. “It felt like -” Sherlock stopped himself.
Felipe smiled as his gaze held John's. He licked with a flat tongue up his length, then back down again.
“Yet you stay.”
“Midnight,” answered John.
John’s eyes popped open at the statement. He looked over at Felipe, who was obviously a bit drunk, his warm brown eyes soft and twinkling.
Molly snapped out of her thoughts. “What?” she mumbled.
“There’s more!” said Felipe.
“Ahhhh, he’s here."
John stroked his chest and hips slowly and softly, waking him. His kissed the back of his neck and nuzzled his curls.
“What did you say?” hissed Anderson.
“The piece you were playing this afternoon, the one with the violin solo,” said Sherlock. “I’ve never heard it before.”
Early one morning, John was walking back to the villa from gathering herbs for Maria when he overheard Felipe arguing with Francesca in the kitchen.
His heart leapt into this throat as he walked into the sitting room. William sat in his chair, relaxed, his long leg crossed over the other. Across from him was Felipe, recently bathed, fully-dressed and rested, sipping a cup of tea.
“You must be upset. Are you upset??”
“I love you,” John said breathlessly. “I’ve loved only you.”
It was probably the wrong Dr. Canales.
“Please,” he whispered. “Take me to bed.”
Silence fell on the room as the two men sat next to each other and sipped their claret. The fire crackled in the hearth as the shadows from the flames danced on the wall.
Sherlock glared back at him, and reached up to turn off the metronome.
“Ah, army docteur,” said Jean. Again, before John could say anything, Jean moved one of the cots aside and opened a small door behind it. He pulled out a large wooden crate. He slapped his hand on the lid.
“John?”
John began to protest, but Sherlock cut him off.
“I didn't realize the late hour. If we are to meet our dinner companions on time, we should go.”
John finally began to eat. He still looked uncomfortable.
I came, I saw, I viewd, I slipped in.
Molly picked up the book and put it back on the desk. “What is it?” she cringed.
“I’ve tried many an artifact, tactile and otherwise, to help regain memories-”
Sherlock and John reunite in the Biblical sense (finally).
in love with he’d left desperate and dying.
He hadn’t regained consciousness, and his fever raged as his breathing alternated between barely registering to fast and desperate. His lips and nails were shockingly blue, his face and body as pale as death.
“Dzundza,” he managed to whisper, after he’d calmed down.
John shook. His whole body twitching almost
"Mr. Holmes, I presume?" he said, his voice dull and nasally.
“A criminal mastermind, John,” Sherlock said excitedly. “All of these random acts of violence in all these different countries - they conform to a specific pattern that leads back to one man.”
He wandered then across the street to a small mercantile-like shop to buy some pencils and paper. He’d actually had the urge to write on the train, and the landscape had inspired him a bit to at least try to write about his adventure.
Molly’s eyes are sad. Sherlock hadn’t meant to reveal all, but he suspects she already knew. He pushes the plate away and puts his head down on the table.
There was nothing Sherlock hated more than ‘not knowing’ and it seemed that John was enjoying his confusion more than usual.
“He knows where I am,” Sherlock snaps, and then swallows it, looking shamefaced.
“No,” John shook his head, his fingers tangling in the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck as though willing Sherlock to understand. Sherlock shook his head, his eyes clenched tightly shut, “He hasn’t won! You’re alive- you’re here!”
“But Rosie…”
John sat on the edge of the tub in utter confusion until he noticed the flash of Mary’s red coat in the hallway; she was looking at him with such pity it made his insides boil with rage.
“I see plenty of living people- all the time in fact. They’re boring.  I don’t want a flat mate; it would interfere with my work. Besides even if I managed to find someone desperate enough to live with me, it wouldn’t last more than a week.”
“Well,” John huffs out his held breath, “Have you taken any new cases?”
Sherlock rounded on him quickly, taking it all in with his laser-like intensity. John chewed on his bottom lip as Sherlock’s eyes scanned for all the information he’d need.
“I do too,” John says.
“Yes, love,” she said, placing a kiss above his ear, “that’s exactly why.”
The softly uttered words pierce John with regret for having always trumpeting that proclamation. He isn’t gay; he doesn’t think so anyway, not in a traditional sense.  It’s not as though he sees a bloke on the street and thing, ‘hey I could go for some of that’.  But there was always something about Sherlock that, when John is honest with himself, he has noticed is a less than objective way. From their first meeting John has craved the other man’s proximity- but it wasn’t anything overtly sexual.  Sure there were moments when maybe his gaze used to linger a little too long on Sherlocks’ lips or fleeting moments when John might wonder…He doesn’t know anymore.
“Oh.”
“I see.”
“It’s… you.”
“Well, you nearly killed me,” he allows, a smile quirking his lips.
“Sherlock, come back out here, I need to talk to you.” When there was no response John sighs and swears under his breath.
Violet tapped her fingers on the table and shook her head.
John catches him staring and offers a crooked, if not uncomfortable smile.
Sherlock bristles, and is about dismiss the idea again, but can’t help but to admit to himself that his misery is, at least in part, self-inflicted. He misses John, but knows that his pride is what’s keeping him from asking him over. He knows John would come if he snapped his fingers… or at least he used to know. Time and circumstances have warped their dichotomy and drawn asymmetric lines between them. And anyway, it isn’t Molly’s fault. He pinches his rude retort between his lips and crushes it into a small smile.
“I don’t expect anything from you.” Sherlock says, “I never have.”
“Sherlock,” John says again, softer- resigned. Sherlock feels a stab of regret. He’s disappointed him- again.
John finds Sherlock standing by the window in his pajamas, violin tucked under his chin, but not playing, just staring out the window at Baker Street below.
Sherlock stabbed out his cigarette on a fencepost as they passed, and flicked it into a quivering puddle. The rain seemed to have made up its mind to at least drip lazily on them. He knew the smell of his smoking would cling to him and he knew his mother wouldn’t say anything about it, only regard him with the eyes that were so similar to his own, razor sharp. Her mouth would press into a thin, firm line and she would direct him to wash up before sitting at the table, and that would be all.
He cannot help the pointed look he gives John, the searching eyes. John examines his shoes and clears his throat. Not good signs. Sherlock wants to back pedal but knows it’s too late- he’s laid out his hand. He wants John to move back in. He’s sure his expression is naked need. John refuses to meet his eyes.
“Of course!”
Calls go unanswered.
“Yes, Mary,” John growled, “I’d like to know what you meant. Why wouldn’t my contacting him be helpful to his recovery? Rehabilitation requires a support system, a frame work of people who will help him along, keep him from relapsing.”
Sherlock scrambled to his feet and thundered down the stairs at a rather frantic clip, barely able to keep his balance. He threw the door open.
John is stunned into momentary silence before he can stop himself he’s giggling. What the absolute hell is happening? John wonders, but Sherlock chuckles beside him and it is the best he’s felt in years.
“Nothing has to change,” Sherlock says.
“Sherlock.” He tries in a softer tone.
“I’m an idiot. I am an idiot Sherlock,” John said loudly, “Just please, can you…”
Violet set her mug of coffee back down to the counter top and found herself slipping down onto a kitchen chair, bracing herself.
Sherlock groans dramatically and leans back in the chair and looks up at the ceiling. “Uh, God no! I am not interested in a romantic relationship.”
“You know exactly what I was referring to.”
John mutters what Sherlock assumes is an expletive under his breath, as he paces across the sitting room, gazing around at all the work that had been done. “It’s just like it was in our heyday,” John breaths in and looks around, “down to the detail”
That Sherlock Holmes loves John Watson?
“Have I?”
“Did your mind palace need tidying up too?” John asks with a small huff of laughter.
“You ok?”
“I know!” Sherlock says at the same time as John finishes with
Molly texts after lunch. She worries.
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Not well how?” John asks, already beginning to gather necessities for Rosie’s diaper bag.
“That’s settled then,” John says, squeezing Sherlock’s knee affectionately as he stood, struggling to regain his equilibrium.
“Aren’t you going to deduce my date?” John asked.
“See? I told you that you hate when I deduce your dates.” Sherlock argued dejectedly as the kettle whistled. He turned away from John’s sad stare to deal with the tea. Tea was a formula that was easy to get right- the variables effortlessly controlled. The process was grounding- something for him to focus on and do that didn’t require examining the nature of unrequited love for a moment.  Out of habit Sherlock poured two mugs of tea. John silently slipped into his chair at the kitchen table, the one just next to Rosie’s high chair.  “Well?” Sherlock broke the silence, “was I right?”
“I’m not ok, John,” Sherlock confessed quietly .
Sherlock’s face is taut with fierce determination.
She heard a heavy door swing open and click shut. He was probably in that lab he always went to, at St. Barts.
Sherlock frowns and looks away first; concedes. John thinks he knows why. He hopes he’s right as much as he hopes he isn’t.  He’s never been good with this sort of thing, but neither has Sherlock. Eventually Sherlock clears his throat tugs at his bottom lip with his teeth. John would have had to been blind to not see the rim of red around his eyes.
“You’re not getting your security deposit back, young man,” Mrs. Hudson scolds, hands on her hips, and a playful glint in her eye. He hugs her, and accepts a kiss on the cheek as he looks up the stairwell toward the remains of his flat. Mrs. Hudson has been staying with her sister for the last few weeks since the grenade decimated 221B. Remarkably, only minimal damage was done to her flat downstairs and thankfully she hadn’t been injured.
With a little sigh from his father, they continued, and Sherlock fell back a pace and watched his father, in his terrible jumper that looked a lot like something John might wear when he’s older, shuffle along completely unhurried and unconcerned. It struck him then in how many ways his father reminded Sherlock of John: his straightforward mind, his clear sense of morality, his unwavering loyalty- terrible sense of fashion.
When Mary’s final DVD arrives in the mail, John calls Sherlock over to watch it as it was addressed to both of them. Sherlock arrives quicker than John expects, but keeps aloof- doesn’t sit by down next to John when invited, doesn’t remove his coat, just kind of hovers on the periphery as though somehow intruding on an intimate moment, even though Mary was speaking directly to the both of them. As soon as the message ends, John pauses the DVD and turns to Sherlock to ask him what he made of it, but Sherlock is already stalking toward the door with a swirl of his Belstaff coat.
“Hey Sherlock,” John said setting his brief case down beside his chair.
Sherlock and Atalanta followed Mycroft and his white-necked raven dæmon like two little ducklings.  Mycroft was patient and his dæmon was stern.  Together they raised the two and Adelyn could not have been more proud.
When Harriett was twelve, her dæmon settled as a Robin.  Though disappointed, Bobby was not at all surprised.  His princess was simply too much like her mother to be anything other than a bird.  Light and carefree, jubilant and flitting, just like a bird.  If he was being honest with himself, he knew long before the settling that Titus was fit to have wings.
Mind groping for anything to break the embarrassed silence, his eyes fell on the little stand at the edge of the park.  “Coffee?”
Taking a sip of the rather delicious coffee, Mike let his eyes discreetly slide over to his companion.  John looked thinner than when he had last seen him, corners of his mouth drawn down and eyes pinched as if he was weary.  Hair shorter, cut in a militaristic fashion, tan from being overseas, and a cane from being shot.
The room was filled with the sounds of buzzing and chirping.  Neither Greg nor Sally reached for their phones.  “Says ‘Wrong’ again.”
“I heard you were abroad somewhere getting shot at.  What happened?”  He questioned, words escaping him before he could censor them.
Writing vigorously in his notebook, Sherlock did not even look up when he addressed her.  “I need to know what bruises form in the next twenty minutes.  A man’s alibi depends on it. Text me.”
John looked briefly surprised to be addressed openly by someone else’s daemon, but he recovered quickly, unlike Mike and Asta who looked affronted.  Preposterous really, it was not like Atalanta had spoken to Mike, or worse Sherlock addressing Asta.
Danae turned to him, amusement and annoyance coloring her tone as she answered.  “
She was a tiny thing, eyes bright green and golden hair.  Titus was a curious little dæmon, always getting into places where he needed to be rescued.  But all the same, they were well loved, and if Katelyn encouraged them to be a little more bold and adventurous…well, Marah was good at rescuing dæmons.
One could only hope.
When little Harriett and Titus were born, Bobby thought himself the luckiest man alive.  The birth was long and complicated.  Bobby and Marah paced the halls for hours as Katelyn screamed and Varro cursed at the doctors’ dæmons like a sailor.  After eleven hours of labor finally the room went silent before a baby’s wail broke the quiet.  When he rushed into the birthing room, Harriet was the only thing he saw.
“Why not?” Kato asked, ear flicking as he turned large golden eyes to Asta.
Bobby and Marah could remember it as if it were yesterday.  It had been a Friday and Bobby had taken the day off to be with his family as he saw so little of them lately.  After much deliberation, it was decided that they were going to be classic vacationers and join a guided tour with twenty other foreigners through a small protected section of the Amazon Rainforest.
“Because,” she spluttered.  “It’s…it’s just not done!  It’s rude!”
“We’re going out today,” Kato replied quickly, voice filled with excitement.
He gained a lot of attention in class when it was discovered that he had settled.  The children’s dæmons fawned over his exotic and cute form.  Kato was polite, but he did not appreciate the attention.
