"We missed you so much," Sherlock said with a pout. "And we were clever and figured out the party. Couldn't we just stay home?"
Mycroft looked to his left and the black sedan that the company had given him roared to life, headlights flicking on.
The elevator bell rang and the doors opened onto the third storey and Sherlock backed out slowly, watching John. John rolled his eyes and stomped past the man and down the hall. He entered his room and slammed the door, not noticing that Sherlock had walked to the room next door, a room that was connected to his by a locked door.
Mycroft lost all restraint, bucking wildly, his perfectly coiffed hair finally beyond repair and sweat beading on his forehead. He felt Greg take hold of his cock with one hand, the other arm resting behind his neck on the back of the chair, just before Greg's arse tightened around him.
"Would you like to?" Sherlock asked, more than willing to get the man off the streets and back into what he was sure was a small house in the suburbs with a perfectly manicured front garden.
It was sloppy, Sherlock knew that, but the way John was making noise have him the impression it was hitting the mark. He let his hand drop down to undo his trousers and John pulled on his hair. He barely got the zip down before John pulled again.
"Do you know the looks I got when I went in to have that done? Hmm? Do you know how much it costs to have a specialty cake made?" John asked, grunting now and getting so close to the edge that he felt like his cock was going to bloody burst.
"God isn't opposed to fun," John said, patting the blanket next to him and opening the picnic basket.
"Oh, lord, have you been speaking to my brother again?" Sherlock asked, wilting a bit. "You know he sleeps in a three piece suit."
I was comfortable being alone. I don't think I'll find that comfort again. At least, not in solitude. I believe I've found it in you, a definite comfort.
There was a knock at the door and Mycroft cursed, finally standing and cleaning himself as quickly as possible before jumping from the shower and answering the door in nothing but a towel. His assistant smiled at him and handed him a stack of fresh clothes from Greg's flat. He closed the door and sighed, drying himself off and bringing them into the loo.
He cleared his throat of the growing anxiety and spoke as he walked into the flat and closed the door. "So, we can take the tube if-oof!"
It should have been boring, watching Sherlock search the Internet in complete silence, but every few minutes Sherlock would jump up or shuffle over and make sure John saw exactly what he did. Each time he got fractionally closer, John felt his breath pulled from his lungs.
From behind him, standing like a statue in the doorway and unable just then to manage a single breath, was Greg. He'd been worried about Sherlock, knew he was taking pretty much any case, and had finally broken down and come by with a bit of a peace offering; a stack of late nineties' cold cases. What he saw, a muttering man crouched over a torn envelope, hair unruly and cooing at the paper, only worried him further. He watched as Sherlock taped the envelope and was thinking about leaving and just calling Mycroft when Sherlock convinced him he needed a sort of intervention right then; he'd kissed the paper. Kissed it.
Greg choked a bit and nodded, thinking it would be like pulling teeth to get them to admit it. "You're, I mean, you want people to know that-"
"I was never ashamed, Gregory," he said quietly. "It'll do neither of us any good for you to think that."
Greg let himself be pulled close and lay against his chest barely breathing. He knew the realisation of the circumstance would come soon. And there it was. Mycroft stilled and his muscles tensed.
John was the person he was mumbling to. John was the new phantom in his life, and Greg needed to know who he bloody was.
She was out, with Todd and some friends, and Mrs Hudson was asleep. He skipped the tenth and second step, knowing they would creak and give away his position, and picked the lock.
John paused where he was sifting through some papers Sherlock had brought him, and looked up. Darren. Oh, one of the students. John felt guilt and fear swirl in his belly before he could tamp it down and convince himself he was safe. It wasn't like anything could happen to him, after all...anything more.
They hadn't really had much in common. He had no idea what she would write that would take up so much space. He couldn't remember if she was in medical school or not, didn't remember much of anything, to be honest, and wasn't even sure what to write in that first letter. It was a long shot.
Sherlock stood there blinking for a while. He was confused. Not just at John's reaction, although he was starting to see how his words could have rubbed him the wrong way, but also at the fact that he was upset at himself for making the man unhappy. He usually had no inclination one way or the other when it came to people's happiness and the two of them hadn't got along anyhow so it didn't make sense.
Sherlock pulled his trousers back up and straightened his shirt. "They know about sex, John, they're 14. I'm not going to treat them like idiots."
"Alright, then," she said to herself as she walked down the stairs and out into the cold autumn air.
I thought I would be practicing under another doctor but I ended up thrown right in the middle of things. I remember you were working in the health care sector, just not where. There have been a lot of injuries lately. I suppose I just came in at a bad time.
Sherlock nodded dumbly, clutching to John's save. "Love at first sight. Physics." And now he was spinning a web he knew was a mistake. He was falling in his mind, and he couldn't stop. He was telling John the story of his relationship with Victor. "She sat next to me and we...got on."
John sat back again, sighing and picking at his nails, clearly thinking the camera had stopped filming. "Okay. What to say, what to say? Hi, I'm John. That sounded stupid. What does a person say? Hey, in a war zone. Hope you like my kit?"
"Don't you," John said, suddenly clenching his jaw and taking a steadying breath that didn't quite do its job, "don't you dare say that to me."
Each year that passed seemed to do so through tree sap; slowly and catching at the edges. John kept expecting to be found out, to have one of his professors look at him with sudden understanding and proclaim him the imposter he was. Surely, surely he wasn't meant to be a doctor. Surely he'd be found out.
He'd made friendly with a few of the other writers, interestingly, they were all women, and had exchanged emails with one, but she had never written back and had seemed to disappear into the background just when he was starting to get followers. He wanted to write her again, ask if he'd said something wrong, but they weren't close and he figured she just got bored hearing about his pathetic life.
"John," Sherlock panted in response, eyes falling closed as John massaged his arse and pulled his cheeks apart.
"Do, what?" Mycroft asked, eating the last bite of his meal and setting his fork and knife on the plate, carefully crossed.
John huffed and found himself up against the wall. He had never had to lay his feelings out so plainly before. He wasn't one for saying how he felt. That had to change, though, because he couldn't bugger this up. "I-I only want to be with you."
"So, you like plants, then?" she asked, wanting to get away from her own thoughts as quickly as possible.
He needed a case! An interesting case! He needed something to convince John that he was still worth talking to.
When he decided to give it all up as folly and leave he managed to pass John and their shared agent on his way to the exit. He gave them a sharp nod and walked a bit faster, John's eyes seeming to follow him.
Aroused panic. It was very, very close to aroused panic. Maybe, more surprise than panic. It didn't feel as if it would end badly. He was just, sort of, frightened to start it up again.
Sherlock started to roll his hips and finally found a rhythm, rocking and lifting and sighing. The whole while he was transfixed by John's eyes. Deep blue and staring up at him. Deeper than the ocean. God, oh, god, so blue.
"Very," Jane replied, amazed she could breathe with the way Sherlock was sitting. She was like a child, small, balled up, and Jane heart ached for the fragile thing she seemed just then, the girl who was worried her new friend had climbed out the window to be rid of her. "You said you had something for my shoulder?"
"Dr Watson," he said, shutting Sherlock right up, mid-complaint, "I'm surprised to see that you've found the place. Shall we look at the flat?"
The man he was meant to be bunking with was on the short side, decently muscled, and currently in a pair of denims and an vest. It was hardly what Sherlock would consider an overtly sexual outfit, but something about the roll of the man's shoulders, the way his neck muscles moved as he pulled his shirt on and started to button it, felt so intimate, so erotic.
"Murr," John said, eyes crinkling at the edges and chest puffed out like a sparrow. "You still got that camera around?"
John chuckled and leaned against the counter between them, sticking his tongue out a bit and looking up in thought. "Dunno. Tea probably. Does that count as eating?"
John's mouth opened as if he was going to say something, but he shut it again and looked back down to the chart. "I'd, uh, like to take some X-Rays of my own if you don't mind."
Sherlock pulled it away, as if burned, and John caught it in his. He held it awkwardly for a second before reaching out to touch Sherlock's neck.
"Derrick," Molly answered, tears starting up again. "I-I prepared all night and he still said I was the most unprepared teacher he'd ever had."
Sherlock's brain felt like it was short-circuiting. He couldn't seem to pull the thought out that was slowly forming. Something, something about what John was saying was incredibly important, but all the blood in his entire body was rushing to his cock and he'd only ever done this with one other person and John was pulling back again and that was decidedly not what he needed.
John looked down and quickly turned around, zipping up and buckling his belt. His face reddened as he remembered what he'd been doing right before busting into Sherlock's room.
"The library in town is quite small," Sherlock said in lieu of comment. "I've read almost everything of any worth there."
"Yeah," Jane said, looking down to where Sherlock's hands landed and watching them move. "You should do massage."
John fell back in his seat with a smile, hands on Sherlock's thighs. "He was my commanding officer. He was so in control, so precise in everything he did."
After a few minutes of massaging John was able to stretch and brush his teeth in the small basin before pulling a coat on and going to look for William.  As he left the cabin, cold morning air biting at his nose and fingers, he wondered if the man had slept at all. He couldn't remember a time when he had seemed the least bit drowsy.
A week had passed and, though the boredom wasn't terminal, Sherlock was itching for a case. He was in a rather good mood and thought that later that day he would pick up a cold case from Lestrade and pour over it into the evening.
John grew worried. He didn't look well. It took a whole hell of a lot for him to continue, his first instinct was to not talk about things like this. His therapist's voice was ringing in his ears. 'Tell me now. Tell me what you wanted to tell him.'
"Okay," John said, uncertainty bleeding into his words. "Well, I've got work in the morning, so I'm going to head to bed."
And with that, he was gone. Off to his bedroom and slamming the door and leaving John to wonder what the hell had just happened.
John looked up at him and swallowed hard, lips pursing. "You don't think I'll lead them astray with my...lusts?"
Sherlock nodded and left, bumping into the receptionist on the way out. John simply smiled at his back as he retreated.
Once his tea was tepid and undrinkable, and he was coming to terms with the fact that the time had passed without him noticing, he was done sitting and doing nothing and ready to sit and at least write about someone doing something. His laptop was set up on the small desk so he sat there and went about writing.
He opened to the first page and grimaced. Who would someone like Sherlock Holmes dedicate a book to?
Sherlock started to grunt softly and John leaned in to trade his fingers for his tongue, hand going to his pocket where the handkerchief had been stuffed earlier and getting it ready. He let Sherlock suck on his tongue as he focused again on the head of the man's prick. It took less time than he'd expected to break him down. Sherlock was coming seconds later, pulsing into the dark paisley square and bucking.
"And now you're taking me to your posh club for a date," Greg teased, "because you're a bloody romantic."
Sherlock was back to being irritated. The writer hadn't responded, and he'd asked some very serious questions. Questions, yes, that he would never even go near in a non-anonymous setting, but still.
A smile curled Sherlock's lips and she leaned close enough for Jane to smell that biting, spicy, cologne she wore. She caught Jane's eyes and leaned down to blow across the top of Jane's tea. When she looked down Jane followed her gaze and watched the tea swirl and lighten to the preferred milky state. Her heart was beating so fast, from the proximity and the trick, that she could feel it all over.
Sherlock glanced over and sighed. "Okay, I'll admit it. I'm bored. It's stupidly quiet in here and I know you're right there. Just...just say something. Or write, rather."
Sherlock looked at her, nose scrunched up, and Jane realised how obvious she must have been. She tried to dial it back.
Sherlock swallowed hard on what seemed to be his lunch trying to crawl back up his throat and lay back on the sofa, hands steepled below his chin.
"Will I get a reward if I don't complain?" Sherlock asked, watching John as he went over the new X-Rays on the small computer screen.
Jane passed some bills to the cabbie, cursing Sherlock in her mind for not paying, and hopped out. "Well, yes, but-"
"Mmm," John murmured, stroking himself and recalling those beautiful eyes. "It was before you pushed me."
They couldn't seem to stop themselves from spending the rest of the day grinning at each other. It sabotaged their plan to put the readers off the scent but they didn't seem to mind.
'He's not the person you were in love with,' he told himself silently as he made his way up the stairs. 'You were in love with a lie. It doesn't matter that the lie was comfortable. You can't trust him.'
Sherlock made a high keening noise and went slack, his cock spilling onto both of their shirts and his legs slipping. John gripped his thighs tighter and started to giggle.
"You are so beautiful, and so brilliant, and I'm dragging a blanket to the roof of the hotel so I can sleep in privacy. I don't think you have any idea what you're getting yourself into," John said.
John bit his tongue, let the clumsy question float in the air, and partook in a bit more ritual while Mike had a chance to notice the cane and course-correct.
Sherlock's entire body went still before he could stop it and he pulled himself together enough to glance around the room before it occurred to him. "You've got your boyfriend's office under surveillance? Bit paranoid, isn't it?"
Rough fingers threaded through his hair and he sighed deeply at the pull of them. The fingers massaged his scalp and he breathed deeply through parted lips.
John let his head fall to the side, not really minding the hand. "I did. Take it that was a good call."
It could have been a blow off. It could be that she was writing back to tell him that she never wanted to talk to him, that they'd had no chemistry. The second he got the envelope in his hands, though, he knew it wasn't true. It was thick, obviously filled with more that one piece of paper.
"Hush," John said, steadying him with a gentle hand on his shoulder. "I have no interest in changing you. You're stubborn and stuck in your ways, and that's fine with me."
"Detective Inspector Lestrade," Mycroft said, turning and giving the man a once-over. "Thank you for agreeing to meet me."
"Can't be annoyed by your perfect child? Would you rather he be taught by robots? Look, I know it's difficult to hear, but Derrick is annoying. I can't call on him each time, or the rest of the class doesn't have enough chance to learn. He gets to answer 18% of the time, and if he wants more than that, he'll have to get a private tutor. He's haughty, and short, and no one likes him. That's not my fault," Sherlock answered.
If Mycroft let himself feel, out in the open, let himself be SEEN feeling, and Greg changed his mind down the road he would be broken.
John couldn't help but grin at him, even after he had shown it as bluff and wiped his hand carefully with a handkerchief.
"Perhaps the Savoy tonight will be too much for someone with such a delicate palate," Sherlock said after the woman left.
Sherlock smiled softly and looked up at John from beneath his eyelashes as if the next line was some sort of flirtation. "All sorts of criminals."
"I didn't expect you," John said, words soft and tinged with a sadness Sherlock still didn't quite understand. "I really didn't. I keep wanting to pinch myself."
As for the day, we ate pickles and a sandwich and sweets and were delinquents. I suppose tomorrow will be back to work as usual but perhaps I'll be treated to the recounting of another case.
Apparently, it wasn't as quiet as he'd meant, as the others all looked his way. That was exactly what she'd wanted; to bring out his anger in a public space. She knew he hated that side of himself.
He slowly opened his eyes and pulled Sherlock closer, grinning to himself at how incredibly lucky he was to have found him. Bloody hell, he was so in love.
It took Sherlock the best of an hour to get up the energy to even put on pants, but once he'd emerged from his bedroom clad in soft pyjama trousers and an equally soft tshirt, he found John sitting on the sofa typing away on his laptop. He made tea quietly, having not exactly enjoyed the two mouthfuls he'd filched earlier, before going to sit in his chair with his own laptop.
Sherlock cleared his throat and Anderson's ears turned pink, his jaw clenching as he turned. John, who always found he could get along with almost anyone as long as they didn't have to really know each other, bristled at the look. Anderson sneered at the both of them and stomped off. In his wake, John found that he'd moved a step closer to Sherlock and had his hand on Sherlock's lower back. He also found that he couldn't put more space between them, that his hand stayed there, pressed to the rough material of Sherlock's greatcoat, as he looked up at the man.
"You weren't even being seductive," Jane added. "It was such a put-on. I can't believe he fell for it."
"We really ought to get up," John said, smiling again as he noticed he was without the headache that came from too much drinking. (Two whiskeys in five hours. Thank the heavens.)
"The bastard was about to hit you. You can't tell me you didn't see it coming," John huffed, somehow more amused than annoyed.
"Three days ago? Why aren't you on anti-inflammatories?" John asked, turning Sherlock's arm and gritting his teeth.
The next day the picture of Sherlock and John kissing appeared in the newspaper. John's blog the same day announced their new relationship. They were assaulted with a throng of admirers for the rest of the convention but they secretly didn't mind.
TALL, DARK, AND HANDSOME. I LIKE BESPOKE SUITS, POWERFUL MEN, AND CHOKING ON COCK. IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN SHOWERING ME WITH GIFTS, AND ARE LARGE IN ALL THE RIGHT PLACES, SEND ME A TEXT.
Sherlock shuddered and his tongue managed to join in, and things suddenly became wet and hot. The push and pull, the addition of teeth, and John was finding himself frighteningly close to spilling over right there. By the broken noises Sherlock was making, he was in the same predicament.
Sherlock took the phone and stomped up to his flat, busting through the front door and holding the receiver to his ear.
John nodded, his chest expanding with unabashed joy. He was honestly afraid he might laugh out loud, let out a cackle and give them away. Lookout, God that felt good.
After a while she felt her breathing settle, and washed her hands. Finally feeling more in control, she walked out into the sitting room and stumbled upon the milk. On the floor. Bugger.
"That what you wanted, solider? Wanted me to take you hard? Want to feel this for days?" John growled, so turned on he thought he might pass out.
"That's why you bought them for me last Christmas," Mycroft purred, running one hand up to smooth through Greg's hair.
With those four moments picked and still shots taken, Sherlock quickly chose the best printer in the building and selected two sizes of each. He hit print, ejected the stick, and erased any evidence that he'd been in the system at all.
His thoughts came to a stumbling stop as John took his cock in hand and stroked it as he lipped at the head. John saw that happen, saw Sherlock's attention shift to him, and grinned, licking at his prick and taking the head into his mouth.
By the time Sherlock had eaten half his toast, John was using the corner of the remaining piece to push the end of his eggs onto his fork. The plate, after that, might as well have been licked clean. Sherlock pushed the plate with the bit of toast left in John's direction and the man motioned as if to say that one more bite would just be too much, and perhaps it would have been.
Sherlock turned a bit pale and Lestrade put a hand on his shoulder. "You know," he said, "it's not too late to beg off."
Sherlock paused and smiled, unconsciously scratching her hand. "Yes, comprehensive. Rigorous. And you're up for that challenge, are you?" Sherlock asked, hopping to her feet and gripping the edges of the desk.
They were both relieved when they pulled up to a small café. Sherlock hopped out and John sighed and paid the driver. He guessed he shouldn't have been annoyed, he had nothing to save up for, after all.
"What do you do if a student throws something at you?" Molly asked, smile eager, if tinged with sadness.
Sherlock shook his head resolutely. "No. I'm going. I'm going to solve the crime, and Sally will just have to watch me, as usual."
"Shall we go?" Sherlock asked, expertly hiding the giddy smile that resulted in seeing John flustered by turning and closing his door.
Each time John tried to leave he would make it right to the edge of the property and find himself once again in the attic. It was what happened the first day, and every day after for three weeks until he stopped trying. Now it had been three years and he was close to being able to consider possibly trying to leave.
People couldn’t seem to understand how someone as honest and kind as Mike could put up with having things constantly nicked from his person and office by such a rude man for so long.
"This is ridiculous. We're going to be in so much trouble," John said as he pushed the door open and walked out to the edge of the roof.
Murray, for his part, was madly in love with Watson. He'd only known the man a month, but there was something about him. He was guarded and skillful, clearly on his way to Captian or better, and had a wicked sense of humor. Dark.
Sherlock moved from the door so quickly he almost cried out in pain, realising at the last moment that his own silhouette would be brought into sharp relief when the light went out. He wondered if the pause on John's part had been intentional.
John chuckled at how easily William sensed him there, without even a real look in his direction, and at how the man was so calm about being discovered, as if he was just waiting for John to finally make it.
Lestrade cleared his throat, seeming to think it would get someone's attention. It didn't. He went on anyways. "You don't have to leave the flat. It's a cold case. Everything is in the file. We have a murder victim and the murderer, both dead, in a locked room."
"Didn't you, though?" Sherlock asked, hands falling to John's biceps as the man rested his hands against the wall to cage him in.
"You've read my stories?" John asked, feeling wrung dry and itchy. "Multiple stories. You're one of my readers?"
Jane's mouth opened but she really had nothing to say. Sherlock was very definitely not familiar, though she was striking and Jane had felt almost assaulted with her presence from the first moment.
He was pacing because he was nervous. He knew he shouldn't have been nervous, but there he was trying to plow a rut into the thick rug.
A man grinned at her on her way back into the building and she stared daggers. The last thing she needed was some idiot trying to flirt with her while she grappled with a newly discovered mental-health issue. 'You wouldn't even want me,' she thought, pushing past him and keeping her chin held high.
"I'm referring to your wooing of Sherlock Holmes, not those poor delusional women in there. You didn't know him a week ago and now you're running around on rooftops with him and he's got your," as he paused the man grimaced, "creative juices flowing quite freely. Your agent told you to get laid. I'm simply assuming you did."
John laughed and ran a hand through his hair. "I could ask the same of you. You do realise you're in the middle of the path, don't you?"
"A little romance wouldn't be putting me out, you know. I'd like to take you to dinner sometime,” John said softly, breath hitting Sherlock’s neck.
Mycroft tried to hide his blush by pulling Greg close and kissing him silly. Unfortunately for him, or maybe not so, Greg knew him too well to have missed it.
He'd been to the Tesco down the street a half hour prior and lugged back a good amount of food. Mrs Hudson, Sherlock's overly cheery landlady, had warned against using anything in the fridge, without telling him why. He'd have to talk to Sherlock about moving things around a bit in the fridge, as it was cramped with things he was hesitant to touch, but he'd figured that would wait for later. A later that he hoped still involved him moving in.
"Vanilla. You taste like vanilla. Body wash? Shampoo?" John asked, not giving Sherlock a chance to answer as he pulled him back in for a hungry kiss.
"Mouthy," he grunted, finally reaching between them and gripping Sherlock's cock, "little brat. I'm gonna fucking, fucking, oh, fuck!"
When he finally pulled away the whole left side of his face was imprinted with the pattern of the high-backed chair. Mycroft smiled and ran his fingers over the swirling pattern and Greg leaned down to kiss him.
Sherlock chuckled and sat up to kiss him. He was warm and full of wonderfully, world-fuzzing chemicals, and all he wanted was to be pressed to as much of John's skin as possible.
"Brilliant, Molls, tell him all about your stupid interests and scare him off," she mumbled to herself.
"I knew I'd love you," Sherlock said, stunning even himself, "from the very first story. And you wrote back, and I wanted so badly to touch you."
"I love flowers," Sherlock said, playing around with the length of the stems and looking like he'd done arranging before.
John's shoulders drew back and his gaze sharpened. "Unfortunately for you, I was in the army, not the private sector. I never did learn to be frightened of the posh men with three piece suits and receding hairlines."
Sherlock looked over and knew for a fact, just from John's face, that it was true. "Crisp, fair maiden?"
In the photo, which Sherlock insisted John send him, the smile on Sherlock's face was almost ridiculous in its intensity. It was printed and stuck in the box in the closet the next day. There, amongst the other detritus of Sherlock's life, it pressed up against the picture of John's face when he'd called Sherlock breathtaking in that video months before. John's smile was one and the same.
Sherlock had never really appreciated his ability to speak ad nauseam about random topics as much as he did just then. Four hours on leaves, first tobacco, then tea, then medicinal, and John was drifting off to sleep across from him, small noises coming from his dozing form. He'd been replying softly the last few minutes, but it had turned from single syllables to hums and grunts, and now he was truly asleep.
In the quiet of the small space he realised that his anger might have been more over the fact that Molly had called Dr Watson by his first name. He would have told her it was disrespectful, but she was a doctor herself and he never called her by title. It was just so bloody comfortable how she said his name, like he wasn't the imposing figure Sherlock had hoped for. What kind of boss spent his lunch in the hospital cafeteria?
This revelation was brought to light when John Watson decided his next foray into writing wouldn't be in novel form, but instead a blog. The blog was noticed right away as a departure from the norm when a link was posted on the convention web page and readers and spectators alike took notice.
“You were getting your palm read?” Jane asked, finally finished laughing and eager to hear about what happened.
"I take it that's the name of one of them," Sherlock said, swallowing roughly at the shock of getting his way, and nodding. "From Russia With Love it is. I'll...procure a copy."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and finally turned, going back to the books. The small swell of pride John felt at having won the argument felt rather good. 'At the first,' he thought, 'flatly deny it.'
"By not in the habit," John started, rubbing his forefinger in circles at Sherlock's arsehole, "you mean recently, or, or ever?"
"The relative is ex-army. A doctor," Mycroft interrupted. "Might be good to have around, what with the...frequency of your accidents."
Hopkins was pulled away by another emergency worker and said her goodbyes, leaving the boy's to sit alone once again, John's hand now bandaged.
And John couldn't help himself, the utter gall of the man. He lurched forward and kissed him roughly, his hand pulling those curls tight. Sherlock melted against him and he continued down the man's jaw and neck.
After dinner they were told to pair off and go sit and talk, given a topic and pushed away. Sally and Sherlock made their way as far from the group as possible, sitting on two of the stumps that made up the edge of the parking lot.
The text was sent so quickly, with such urgency, that Sherlock forgot to even sign it as he usually did.
John laughed, laughed aloud and rubbed the tears from his eyes. God, that silly woman. Christ, and he'd thought she would give up on him.
John stayed silent for a long time and Sherlock's stomach rolled uncomfortably. When John finally did speak he was using a very serious voice and Sherlock was sure that if he didn't pay close attention he would be in trouble.
Once she had the cane back in hand she shuffled back down the stairs, forgetting her earlier light mood at the prospect of free housing. Her mobile buzzed in her pocket as she made it below ground and onto the tube, but it was only Harry, and she did not want to speak to him, not in the least. She stood, though her leg was shouting at her to sit, not wanting anyone to start up a conversation.
That is, until he tried to stand. His leg protested quite painfully and he gritted his teeth and pushed his thumbs into the muscles of his thigh. The cheap mattress was the worst part about the place, to be honest. He'd had trouble sleeping before, what with the nightmares, but here it was nigh impossible.
Sherlock reached over to the pen so quickly that his hand bumped into John's. Bumped into. Christ, that had never happened before. They stood there looking down at the spot where they'd touched, both transfixed. John because he'd never touched someone without intent, because he had to WANT to touch someone to become solid, and Sherlock because it never occurred to him that he COULD touch John.
"There, right there," John said, pointing an accusatory finger at Sherlock and crossing into the sitting room to the sofa. "You're angry with me. You've been angry with me for days."
Sherlock was behind in his biology class. Not because he didn't understand, obviously, but because he couldn't bring himself to do his homework. If he'd listened when they went over the syllabus on the first day he would have known that homework, although it could be turned in at any time, was worth fifty percent of the grade.
And here he was; not annoyed. He wasn't comfortable, that would be obvious to even the most unobservant onlooker, but it wasn't annoyance.
The look in Sherlock's eyes shut John up. He didn't know what it meant, only that Sherlock was disturbed by his answer. His brain spit out multiple endings to the conversation, and none of hem were good. He'd known it was a bad idea to admit it, felt it made him look like the worst kind of liar. He'd told Mary he loved her many times, and each time it had been a lie. He married her, for God's sake.
"Yeah, well, it's long past closing and you're in my bloody flat, again I might add, so I think informal fits. I take it you aren't here for cold Chinese and a pint," Greg replied smoothly, eyes fixed on the match.
Sherlock took another, completely involuntary, step forward. He felt as if he was sleep walking. "Some things."
"I want...someone strong, someone who will...put me in my place when I need it," Sherlock sputtered, his cheeks flushing further. "Sometimes I just, I just don't want to think. I get so tired and just want someone to take care of everything and let me be..."
Sherlock followed along, pointing out different wildflowers along the way as if it was a compulsion.
John smiled softly at the two of them. It was a habit of Sherlock's to act as though the dog could understand him. Sometimes Merrick seemed to, taking off in whichever direction Sherlock had suggested after cocking his head to the side several times.
"Books then. Back in no time flat," Sherlock said, turning to leave. "And make us some tea. Might be a long night."
"I suppose it couldn't make me any worse," Sherlock whinged, taking an offended bite and reminding John of that morning.
"I wish you would," Sally added, voice sounding tear-stained. "We could be like we used to be. We aren't too old to start trying for a baby."
It should have been...it wasn't, well, it wasn't really a surprise. It was clear that John wasn't the type of man to ignore such a slight. It wasn't as if Sherlock hadn't expected it, but as he found himself rounding on an alley far out of town, empty paper cup dangling from his hand and feet aching, it hit him all at once. He vomited down the building wall, cup falling as his hands went to scrabble for purchase.
It was nearly two hours later, two hours wherein Sherlock recounted every interesting case he'd taken in the last year and a half, that John realised how hungry he was. He shifted and put his hand on Sherlock's thigh to get him to stop speaking for a moment.
John couldn't sleep that night. He lay awake watching lights move across the ceiling and tried to convince himself to feel lucky that he finally had a window. It felt even more a prison than the hospital had, though. At least at the hospital he could pretend he was just a doctor on break.
He slipped his coat off and left it handing over the edge of the sofa as he walked into his bedroom. He needed to sleep but he knew he'd never be able to, what with the stress of the convention weighing on his mind, so instead of crawling into bed after pulling off his clothes and slipping into a pair of pyjama pants he went back into the sitting room and reached around in the dark for the remote.
"Why don't you have your people find out?" Sherlock teased, pulling his wallet out and slipping the newly trimmed photos in behind his bank card.
Now was John's turn to roll his eyes. Of course Sherlock knew that he had a laptop. How else would they have exchanged messages in the middle of the night?
"I turn red, as well, so we'd best find a place with shade," Sherlock added, looking back and forth for the perfect bit of water.
Two steps towards the building had him turning and walking in the other direction. He just...he just needed time to think, that was all. Perhaps he should have walked.
The man held his hand out to John and nodded. "I'm Greg Lestrade. Detective Inspector, NSY, and hopelessly dependent on this prat."
"She's a fake marriage counselor, a horrible judge of character, and was once married to a gay man. We spoke last week, he was ambivalent. She won't know a single thing until it's too late," Sherlock answered, going through his index cards again and putting all the ones marked with a red M for married life together.
That was what had him unable to leave; the uncertainty. It was uncomfortable for someone so intent on knowing things, on picking things apart and finding the truth, to be left uncertain. It was the main reason he detested interpersonal relationships; the fickleness of human interaction. There was so much that could be misinterpreted.
How they managed to keep their hands off each other on the ride back to Bart's, John would never know. He knew that Sherlock's flirting was genuine, and he was just as handsome as John had hoped, more so even. He was all sharp edges and quick wit and John felt frightened a bit by how easily the man seemed to get to the quick of him. He felt like anything would give him away, that he'd been given away already.
"I'm a scientist, obviously, a student of human behavior, a chemist and detective and a lover of all things macabre and disgusting," the man said, tossing the flower over his shoulder with finality. "And I work with the police, unfortunately."
With a sigh, he made his way to the morgue. Molly was the only doctor around that would work with him, so she'd have to do.
Sherlock drank down the rest of the champagne and grabbed another, just as John walked to him through the crowd.
"You know I detest the taste of beer," Mycroft replied, pulling off his coat and hanging it by the door before turning back around to frown at the small flat.
"Oh, god. Oh, god," Sherlock repeated, leaning down to nuzzle John's neck and opening his mouth against it, breath warm and humid. "I can smell you and it's divine! Oh, John."
Jesus Christ, if I'm being forward, I've fallen in love with you. I'm in love with you and you're so far away and before I left, I barely knew you. Now I feel like I know the real you. Please don't take that away from me.
'I really didn't expect you to write back. It was a happy surprise to get your letter. You said that my life sounded interesting, but yours seems just as much so. Consulting Detective, first I've heard of something like that.
Sherlock scrambled to get them off and then pulled at John's until the man lifted his hips and allowed himself to be fully disrobed. The look that had been in Sherlock's eyes every single time they'd gone about this was back. He looked to be concentrating very hard.
The man, Lestrade, chuckled. "Yeah, well. I'm stuck with him, aren't I? Don't ever see him out with anyone, so I suppose you're just like me. Can't live with him, can't-"
"Mrs Hudson?" John asked, shifting on his feet as he realised he was just standing in Sherlock's bedroom waiting to be dismissed.
Sherlock's entire body bucked at the thought of John inside him and he moaned and spread his legs, hips rolling in the air.
Sherlock ran his hand along John's jaw and pushed his chin right, then left, looking for missed hairs or shaving cream. He tilted John's chin down next and pulled a small comb from his pocket, perfecting John's hair so that every strand was in place. Finally, he fidgeted with John's tie again and nodded.
Sherlock closed his eyes, jaw tightening. He wanted to sing, giggle and gasp. He found himself laughing and then coughing and his laptop was set aside as John rubbed his back gently and told him to breathe. He tried to do so, breathing deeply through the pain, and glanced up into John's eyes. 'My doctor,' he thought, 'my own.'
Sherlock scrunched up her nose and pursed her lips, hair bouncing slightly as she tilted her head. It was if she had never been told not to make faces when she was young; everything about her was so exaggerated.
John flipped them over and started on Sherlock's trousers. "Alright, pushy. You want romance? I'll give you romance. I'm bloody frightened by how easily I've fallen in love with you. You make me feel alive. That day on the rooftop felt like I was a teenager, falling in love for the first time. I want to hold you, and protect you, and devour you and I can't quite breathe enough when you're in the room."
Oh, perhaps not so much of an arse. He wiped his hands on his trousers and thought about the prospect of telling him to hang. It would feel satisfying, if only for a bit. It was difficult for Sherlock to think long term, always had been, but this time something pulled at his stomach.
To the person who used the wrong pseud..I won't post your comment. Go ahead and try again with the right one. You have no idea how many johnlock posts I've accidentally put on my dog's blog!!
The next morning Sherlock woke early and got on the phone. He was talking to someone he obviously didn't like that much, and John wasn't sure who it was until he said his name. He'd heard plenty of bad things about Mycroft Holmes.
Freedom was the only thing he was interested in, and he could almost taste it. Didn't mean he felt any less like a bloody failure. White picket fence, 2.5 kids and a dog, the whole lot was so far away from possible that he actually felt stupid for believing he could have something good in the first place. He was obviously born to be miserable.
The new email showed up from anonymous just as John was wondering if he should have a quick wank, and he opened it with the fervor of someone getting a letter from a long lost friend.
Sherlock sat down in her chair and flung her long legs up onto the edge of the desk, apparently uncaring when it came to any sort of modesty, as her trousers were tight and grew tighter in that position. "I told you, you have my attention."
"I should paddle you two for worrying me so much!" she harped, not truly as angry as her words said. She had to admit secretly that she liked the quickly budding friendship between the two men. They both had trouble with self loathing and she knew they could use some kindness.
Greg kissed him and Mycroft growled and fucked up into him at a quicker pace. It was difficult to stay on the precipice when he wanted to chase his orgasm so badly.
He hoped that this semester would be fruitful. He hoped that his new residence would contain the proof he needed. He was, against all odds, hopeful.
Sherlock fell asleep sitting by the window and reading, later that night. John had been watching him and went to gather him up and tuck him into bed. Crazy man, working until he burned out. Sherlock mumbled as he was moved and stretched out to take up the whole of the bed once he was in it. John pulled up the duvet and patted Sherlock's shoulder.
"USED TO BE. Damn, there's always something. Don't you think the picture on your dust cover is a bit disingenuous then?" Sherlock asked, and then when John started to smile, "I inspected it while you were away at lunch."
John pulled him to the sofa and stroked his hair. "Hey, I'm not angry. I'm surprised, that's all. I guess I just didn't think-" Sherlock let out a choking sob against his chest and John kissed his curls.
"Well...sort of. She was mum's sister. Kind of weird, into crystals and spells and all that. Dad didn't like her, so she never really came round. Have you seen the flat? Does it have a sofa? I could really use a sofa, Janey," Harry all but pleaded.
There was a line outside and a crowd surrounding the line, people chattering and inspecting newspapers and giggling amongst themselves. Greg took out some change and got himself the Valentine's Day issue of the local paper from the kiosk inside the convention door. He made it all of five steps before he burst out laughing.
And so...he left. He made it to the car before breaking into sobs, and drove back to London with tears still rolling down his face.
Sherlock brushed off his coat and followed John to the street, thinking for the millionth time that maybe fate was real.
The neighbor, Mrs H, seemed to think the ghost was of a man who was killed out front several years prior. She said she could see him, although it was only a dark outline, and that he wasn't really bad.
"You'll be numb for a while. Don't worry about that. Have you got any feeling in your bottom lip?" John asked, running his thumb gently over it.
Two hours later, and with the rain at full force, Sherlock finally decided it was time to take his leave.
"Sherlock Holmes," John started. "I won't wait outside a hospital room ever again." He held out a small box and opened it to reveal a simple gold band. "If you say yes."
"Where did Merrick make it to?" Sherlock asked as he caught up with John just as they made it outside.
Kissing was surprisingly pleasurable, the thought that he was sharing saliva didn't even come to mind, and Sherlock found himself giving in, as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be touching tongues with someone. It felt silly to wish for things to go slower, what with the revelation coming so forcibly and with so much feeling, but it did. John pressed increasingly gentle kisses to Sherlock's lips and neck.
"Well, if it's not him, and it's definitely not Mike, then that only leaves me and he wouldn't-you, you wouldn't-" Sherlock sputtered, having trouble keeping the John in front of him and the writer John separate. Except...that wasn't it. That was where he was wrong. John was the writer and the writer was John and John had hit on him that first night because he- "you want to kiss me."
He felt...fond. Yes, that was right. He felt a fondness towards Sherlock and he'd spent so long not feeling anything but anger that the prospect of becoming more fond while still not being anything more than a ghost, a bit of smoke and dreadful magic, as it seemed, was horrifying.
John had snorted when he had first heard the handle. Murray had stuck him in the rib with the toe of his boot. That must have been before Kandahar. Murray wouldn’t have done that to a Captain, so it must have been in the time before John had risen in the ranks; back when they were just out of training.
Sherlock moved down the bed and bent to inspect John's prick closely. John steadied himself for his lips and instead saw him wave his hand in an agitated manner.
Greg licked the head and looked back up at him. "I'm going to suck you and then you're going to finish in my arse."
Sherlock steadied Jane by the shoulders, fingers lingering a bit. “Don’t say that. You haven’t even met him. Perhaps he’s your type.”
John was about to say that perhaps they should leave when the woman broke out in a wide grin and shuffled over to hug Sherlock around the waist, chattering now in a softer voice. Sherlock and the woman spoke sweetly for a second before she kissed him on the cheek and left in the direction of the kitchen.
"It's just here," William said, gesturing into the low brush and not seeming to notice anything strange in their proximity.
Sherlock walked right out the front door without even noticing the constable that held it open for him, eyes scanning the crime scene photos carefully. He let his feet take him where they would and focused on sussing out the information he knew was hidden from other's eyes.
"Yeah, I know. What do you want?" Greg asked, shifting his hips and hating the way his cock always took interest when his boss used those leather clad hands of his to smooth down the front of his jacket.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He felt like such a pervert, caught writing smut about his uninterested flatmate. "You weren't meant to read that story."
"He wore those horrible jackets with patches on the elbows," Sherlock gushed, "and he looked at me like I was special."
The kitchen was overflowing with gadgets, medical equipment, and scientific experiments in varying levels of decay, so Sherlock simply plucked a menu from the drawer and continued on to the back yard. He always used the backyard as a dining area when his brother came over, knowing full well that the overgrown plants and local fauna drove Mycroft to hives if he stayed more than a few hours. Mycroft followed him tentatively and stood while Sherlock sat at the small folding table and rang his favourite Chinese place.
"There are plenty of high scale clubs that could have found you someone to...feed your appetite." Sherlock pressed.
"And be, be, nude," Sherlock stuttered, the last word turning into a moan as John sucked the tip of one finger into his mouth and dragged his teeth across the pad.
John was playing with the placard for the second writer, who was very much late, and ignoring the stack of books with his name on them in front of him, when the man walked up. He glanced over and looked between the placard and the man before holding it out.
"I want someone to take care of," he answered honestly. "I want to make someone feel safe and loved. I want to hold someone and know that they want to be there, that I make them feel...special."
"An ugly place," John finished, sighing and folding in on himself a bit. "I should tell you. I don't, I can't really sleep. Much. At all, some nights."
Sherlock had done a fine job in cleaning the wound and the bleeding had finally stopped. He was still arguing with the now silent porter when John wrestled his old medic bag open and starting stitching things up.
"You can sleep now if you like. We both need a bit of a soak if we're to walk around without aching tomorrow. Keep those pretty eyes closed and just let me hold you, yeah?" John asked, nosing Sherlock's hair.
"I loved the case," he said in a gust, smiling almost sadly. "Everything you write me is just...you must be a genius. I wish...I wish I was with you. I feel stupid saying that, but, yeah, yeah, I wish I was with you. Running about London like you do, punching baddies. It's not like that here. It's not one man you can find and arrest. I don't want to, well, I'm not romanticizing what you do, but, you're right out of a detective novel. Not sure what role I would play. Useless muscle? Sounds like you've no problem taking care of thugs yourself but...Jesus, I wish I could see you in action."
Mycroft was at Sherlock's front door when he got home, standing there with his smarmy grin and his stupid umbrella. Sherlock wondered for a second if he should have taken John up on his offer of dinner.
"I need a hand," Sherlock blurted, trying to find some reason for them to stay together longer and mind, honestly, still a bit set on the morgue.
"I refuse to take compensation from the police. If I did that I'd be just as bad as them," Sherlock started.
"Hey, I, um, your last letter was good. I'm glad you liked the sketches. I really didn't think they were-bloody hell. Your last letter was good?" He sighed, disgusted with himself, and inadvertently turned the camera back on.
Sherlock grunted and slammed his head back onto the bed, eyes squeezing closed and hands pulling the sheets down so he could breathe. It was hot, so hot, under those covers. His skin was pricking with sweat as all the blood rushed from his brain and took up residence further down.
He knew she would be in the hospital room, but in his mind he would swing in, jacket swirling, and proclaim his love. John would tell Mary to leave, and they would...well, he didn't get that far.
John ignored him and took his temperature and blood pressure. When he'd jotted it all down he nodded towards the door and walked away. Sherlock followed, begrudgingly.
John honestly hadn't expected to get a reply. When the letter came, and only a week later, he spent the entire day wishing supper was already there so he could open it.
“If you try that, I’ll scream and someone will call the police,” she replied, emphasizing the last three words in an attempt to clue Jane in on the seriousness of the situation. She wasn’t even sure if Jane was close enough to hear her yet.
John felt nearly mad. How on earth could any of this be happening? He eased his hand from Sherlock's and took a chance, the first chance he'd really taken in years. Sherlock's disappointed look melted away when John wrapped his arm around the man's bony shoulder and pulled him to his chest.
The first night in the bedsit was awful. The lack of Internet connection was honestly what pushed him over the edge. The place was pale and empty and felt incredibly dead. And there was no internet. No bloody Internet, which meant nothing to keep John's mind off the blank walls and the too-small bed, and the feeling that the room was slowly getting smaller each time his mind drifted. Yes, it was awful.
A week later, due to the plane ride it took to get it there, another letter found its way onto the small table in the foyer on Baker Street. This time, though it was addressed to 221b, it didn't hold Sarah's name. Instead, it simply read 'S'. Sherlock scoffed at it, though something strange seemed to flutter in his chest, and took the letter upstairs.
Instead of the girl he knew, he was surprised to find an incredibly fit bloke with blond hair and a tan. How one gets a tan in the grey weather of London, he wouldn't know.
Mycroft rose and retrieved two menus from the table behind them. Greg smiled to himself at the perceived win, or, at least, lack of loss, and looked his over.
He let his eyes fall closed as John started to strip him, deft fingers unbuttoning his shirt and trousers quickly as he struggled to breathe evenly and slip out of his suit jacket. He pulled his shirt over his head and flung it against the wall, then stood on shaking legs. Soon enough, he was naked and climbing onto the bed.
Mycroft huffed an angry breath and leaned forward to comply. Greg moaned into his mouth and gripped the back of Mycroft's head in one hand as he undid his zip with the other. He hissed when he felt gloved hands pulling down his pyjama trousers and lifted his hips to shake them all the way down and off.
Looking from the outside, it was apparent that John's father, Jack, was simply dealing with a mix of envy and rage. Truthfully, that was always the case with old Jack Watson. He'd broken enough bones to prove that a hundred times over. This particular bout of envy and rage was worse, though. It was wrapped tightly around one thought.
"I thought you were going to be a man," Sherlock said, eyes closed and head rolling back and forth as if to get out a crick in her neck.
Darren shook his head and went back to what he was doing. Murray, he thought, was a strange friend. Anyone else on base would be teasing Watson at that point, mercilessly. Instead, as he saw through surreptitious glances while he wrote his own girl back home, Murray was watching him with a whistfulness that was out of place here. He liked him, though, so he kept the thought to himself, and let Murray moon over the new kid a bit.
"I suppose it never occurred to me to imagine you in anything besides a suit," Greg admitted, "or the nude."
So, now he was taking her advice. He was feeding the man up. It was sickeningly sweet in his own mind. He wondered if it was too forward.
There was a long time where my chest felt it would burst every time I saw him, when I felt that I couldn't push down a stupid smile. I think that was lust. Obsession. That's usually how things start out. When you like someone your body fills you with all these chemicals that make you want to be around that person even more. When those die down, you usually have a pretty good bond, so you stick around.
Greg nodded again, seeing that John was done taking about his life. "Enough talking shop. I think I've got something that'll make you happy. My sister got a few tickets for a jazz club in London. My missus won't let me go, what with the baby just around the corner. I gave them your name. This Friday night."
The flat was very, very nearly burned down, firefighters bursting through the door and everything, the third week of waiting for the response from John, and Sherlock had to pay out of pocket for the house to be cleaned of the smell of smoke, on top of putting Mrs Hudson up in a hotel for three days while it was being done. She was, as always, frighteningly forgiving. Sarah, much less so.
Sherlock couldn't breathe just then, however. Jane's hands were sure and worn, the calluses would take Sherlock hours to deduce, perhaps a whole day if she did it by touch alone, and they were holding one of her hands. She was uncomfortable with the result; a tongue heavy and unresponsive, a mind muddled and spinning, eyes that could not be torn from where their hands were touching.
"You don't have to annunciate so loudly," Sherlock teased; the joke, of course, being that John's words made no sound. "And, yes. Is that...is that alright?"
'I'm honestly exhausted. I should be asleep right now. I'm sitting up in my bunk writing and my eyes won't seem to focus. I don't think they should have sent me here. I don't think I should be the doctor here.
Sherlock fumbled for his mobile and held it up to the paper. His lips curled at the shaky writing. "Hand-eye coordination has taken a hit, I see. That's what happens when you get out of practice."
Now he was back at A&E, sitting glumly in the waiting room, the adrenalin and high of finishing a case long gone. Worse than that, he was sitting next to Lestrade. The man apparently thought Sherlock needed a bloody chaperone.
"I may be moving back in a few months," Sherlock said, smiling softly at their looks of joy and wondering what John would think of his gaggle of street children, "with a friend of mine."
"No," Greg said, watching the telly as he took another sip and rested a cold hand on Mycroft's inner thigh. "Helps the medicine go down though, innit?"
Sherlock cleared his throat and Molly beamed, slipping her gloves off and straightening her shirt collar under the paper suit.
'My influence goes far, my dear, but I can assure you I have no pull over the weather,' he'd said with a sneer.
That, surely, was why he begrudgingly entered the sleek black sedan when it pulled up next to him. That and the rain, and not a bit more.
And, there it was. Exactly what Mycroft had been expecting. It was now only a question of whether he should try to sugarcoat the memory or go for the jugular and get it over with.
Ghosts didn't sleep. They weren't alive, so they didn't require it. John could, however, zone out; he could slip into the middle space where consciousness was a step away. He'd done that for a while, but Sherlock's moving and turning in bed brought him back.
More than that, he was sure he didn't have enough to pay for the bit where Sherlock crawled beneath the covers and motioned for him to join. But hell, he was going die soon, and there was no debtor's prison in the ground, as far as he knew.
Mycroft waited until he could hear her speaking with his mother before he set the cleared readout down on his desk and picked up the phone. He cradled the receiver of the old landline between his shoulder and ear as he sat back to look out the window and into the woods behind his ancestral home. His finger played at the rotary dial, twirling away while he thought.
"The tan line where a wedding ring should be," Sherlock said, leaning back in the wheelchair and pointing. "Recently stopped wearing it. He also had a photo in his wallet. The pregnant woman that came in earlier was in it, though much less pregnant."
Sherlock was staring up at the highest window, into the dark room, and daring something to stare back. Just once, just bloody once, he'd liked to be knocked off his feet.
The woman sat at her desk and crossed her legs, cocking her head to the side. "No, I didn't mean the case. I meant the relation. As far as I can tell, you've made yourself indispensable."
Sherlock walked into the building they had stopped at, and now, Jane recognised the plants in the window. But...it was beige. BEIGE.
"I'm going to go in first. You wait the count of ten and then barge through the doors. Say you're looking to upgrade the ventilation, or something. I don't know, doesn't matter. Anyhow, Molly will immediately introduce us, as she knows I was keen on meeting you, and-"
"Hey," John murmured, bending to look Sherlock in the eye. "Hey, it's okay, you know. We're all a little fucked up. At least you know she wants to make things right."
Twenty minutes after their arrival, they were back in a cab and heading to the vicarage. The second they were out of sight of the newly arriving police John burst out laughing. Sherlock looked at him suspiciously.
Greg turned around and shook his head, surprising Mycroft by linking their arms and moving them to the kerb. "Is your car lurking as well?"
Samuel looked less than pleased at the caveat. "Who's this friend, then? Not that bum, Victor, I hope."
"Will you make me eggs?" Sherlock asked, rubbing the bar of soap across his body, eyes resolutely closed.
"My brother is insisting on dinner," Sherlock replied with a frown. John had met the man, and knew first hand why that frown was completely justified.
John scratched the back of his neck, remembering how incredibly foolish he'd been to let James know of his feelings for him, even if it wasn't intentional.
"Erm, yeah, actually. Physio in a half hour. I should," John said nodding towards the road and looking crestfallen.
"The landlady. Loo is through that door," Sherlock added, gesturing to the frosted glass, and then, when John raised an eyebrow, "second door in the hall."
They had twitched against that skin, just a small twitch, but it felt like allowing himself a caress.
John was sitting up in bed, the fresh sheets soft and cool against his skin. He sent the email seconds before and was waiting for a reply, mobile tight in his hand. It had only been a few days since he'd received the email with the request. 'Ruin me again,' anonymous had said.
Classes started two days later and John found himself alone in the large house with nothing to do. Digging holes in the rain was no fun, as they were filled as quickly as they were dug, but he couldn't stand to be inside. He switched the light on in the attic and trudged down the stairs, rubbed the wrong way and not sure why.
He checked himself out that day and made his way across town to the bedsit that was sitting empty awaiting his arrival. He was stiff, and cross, and in pain from lugging his laptop and set of clothes all the way there on the tube. Christ, if he didn't want to just kip until evening, but the bed had no linens and his contact was bringing him things to get settled and it would take a few hours.
"Please what?" John asked, bending down to lay hot kisses along Sherlock's abdomen. "Please, sir, will you bugger me harder? Please, sir will you fill me up?"
And with that, she skip-hopped into her shoes and went to hail a cab. Jane held her hand out to shake Lestrade’s and the man took it.
"I'm wholly unsuited to relationships, not to mention polite company," Sherlock added. "But I want to know you. I enjoy your company."
Twenty-three was rather young to make such a decision, but life hadn't given him many choices, had it?
Jane was at her side then, helping her get the rope around the man’s considerable girth. Once he was tied up Jane went to Terry and rolled him onto his side. The bright lights from a squad car, and the sirens that always accompanied them, assaulted their senses as the two of them shared a panicked look.
Sherlock burst from the stall when he heard the scuffle and managed to pull Doc off John, where he was standing washing his hands. In a split second he had to decide whether to run after Doc, who was doing a better job escaping than he'd hoped for, or stay with John. The handle of the knife sticking out of John's side made the decision for him.
Sherlock swallowed and looked to the ground. "Simple deduction. Your physicality and tan, the way you took the man down. I saw some of the books in your rucksack, the other day as well, too advanced for your year, yet there you are, muddling through them. They were bought second hand, as was your phone. You only have one pair of nice trousers and you get cheap haircuts. Your family can't pay for school if they can't afford to help you along with haircuts."
The woman knocked on the glass once more and it rolled down with an electric whir. A towel was handed through and Greg took it quickly, running it over his head and drying his hair as best he could.
"I know you prefer coffee, but I can't have you playing that violin of yours until the early morning," she said, pushing over a plate of biscuits and pouring some tea.
"Christ, okay, yeah," John said, holding tighter to those slim hips and leaning forward to lick across one peaked nipple.
“Sherlock. I didn’t, I wasn’t aware that, sorry, sorry.” She gathered herself and began again. “Did you just smell me?”
"I think I'll have to decide tomorrow. Money isn't everything," Sherlock answered, not sure how he'd managed to get into the situation, or how he'd made it that far, that fast.
"It's a roof access key. Swiped it off a guard yesterday. Thought it might come in handy," Sherlock said, raising his eyebrows at John and trying to keep a straight face as the man smiled.
His screen name, DoctorJohn, always made him cringe, but it had been all he could think of at the time. He was comfortable telling himself it was the pain medication that took away all his sense of decency, and had decided to be happy that he hadn't gone with DoctorLove. That had unfortunately been an actual option he'd filtered past.
It hit him just then that he hadn't imagined anything like it before, that he'd never really thought to dream of having a family. The realisation that he didn't have to live the rest of his life alone was a hot/cold lump in his stomach.
The scent of Molly’s perfume returned to him and he closed his eyes, trying to picture the type of man Molly would be interested in.
Why was John doing this? Why was he depending on Sherlock to move things in the right direction? 'God,' he wanted to scream, 'just do what you will', because he knew, instinctively, that what John wanted was what he wanted. That he wanted everything and anything John wanted to give him.
Mycroft felt a strange fuzziness in his head that told him he'd been holding his breath and took in one wheezing lungful just as he started to come. Electricity, or oxygen deprivation, crackled around him as he pulsed into the condom.
John blinked his eyes and found that a new line had formed when he hadn’t moved. People snaked around him and he had to turn to address the man.
Sherlock's smile widened as a warm breeze brushed against his cheek. John hadn't even realised he'd done it.
After a week of not being able to get his fix, and running low on fantasy wank material, he decided to search for gifs. Yes, they'd disabled the videos he wanted, but surely, a gif of some bloke fucking his fist would suffice in those difficult times. He'd found a trove of gifs along with links to short stories, fics, that played out exactly how he wished. Well, almost exactly.
Sherlock went over to the table and picked at the sticky buns as he let his mind drift back to the night before. He'd never felt as close to someone as when he'd been in the shower with John, fingers playing over his scar. He wished he knew how to share something like that with John, how to show him something so private. His thoughts were interrupted by John waking and drifting towards the loo.
Jane sighed and smiled, looking truly relaxed for the first time since they had met. She nodded once and moved to go.
Sherlock shifted a bit and felt his joints complain. He was too young to be feeling like that. "Ugh. Perhaps falling asleep in the tub wasn't the best idea."
John shook himself from the thought, feeling a bit disappointed in himself that his brain had gone in that direction whilst in the company of a murder victim, and joined Sherlock. He stood awkwardly next to the man, hands clasped behind his back and ramrod straight. He felt out of place, redundant. He was about to actually ask if he should leave when Sherlock started speaking to him.
Mycroft surprised him by stilling. "No. Just...leave them be. Sherlock will have to figure his own way out of this."
"I'm sorry that you had to hear about my blog post like this-" John tried, moving from foot to foot and keeping his eyes on the ground.
It wasn't the first time he'd used that name in vain, but it was the first time he'd used it in vain whilst bollocks deep in an arsehole, and the bizarreness of the situation hit him like a ton of bricks. It started with one laugh, a guffaw, and went downhill from there.
Sherlock had been bragging. He was bragging and it wasn't impressive, it was stupid. He was stupid. His interests weren't interesting and he would never get another letter from John and it was all for the bloody best anyhow because John didn't even know him and was probably only writing back because he was bored.
And, although I am quite appalled by what I am about to write, I must ask all the same. Will you write me a new story? A story about a lonely doctor meeting the man of his dreams?
Her mobile let out one more complaint as she locked up, but she ignored it, the only thing on her mind being the story.
The high profile cases kept coming and soon they'd put together quite a nest egg. Mycroft admitted that they were better off with Sherlock's newfound form of success and secretly delighted in the fact that Sherlock had finally, finally, found his way in the world. He hadn't meant for Sherlock to continue to write, after all, but rather knew his disdain for it would be the catalyst for greater things.
"I know what kind of man I am. This has been the most difficult decision I've made in years. Sentimentality doesn't come easily to me. My own fear, and hesitation in admitting it, made me lose the only good thing in my life," Mycroft said, speaking softly but still holding up his normal guarded expression. "It only took me six months to admit that. Somewhat of a miracle, as you know."
YOU SAY THAT AS IF I SHOULD KNOW WHAT IT MEANS, AND YET, John signed back, pacing the floor and walking out of the room and to the loo.
John was embarrassed by his answer. He hadn't gone by his Christian name in years. Before he was Vicar Watson he was Dr Watson, and before that, Private Watson. He wasn't meant to be going by his Christian name. He said it anyhow. "John."
"There aren't nearly enough trash bins in this building," Sherlock grumbled, finally coming to one and tossing the left overs from their lunch.
After hesitance and much deliberation, she called her brother Harry, waking him despite the late hour, and asked him if he had any idea what it was about.
"Well, I'm sure that wasn't what he was trying to say," John answered, whoever was on the phone making him audibly irritated. "You know he's more...flexible with his teaching style."
"I've adapted quite well. The bustle of the city is more my style, though. Anonymity is much more comfortable when you're seen as the odd one out in your home town. And...because of the type of man I am. I'd hoped to move back someday," Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock grunted in response and searched the mini fridge for milk. There was a small carton of it, and Sherlock brought two mugs and the sleeve of biscuits from the counter over to where John was sitting. He sat and opened the biscuits, pouring them unceremoniously onto the table between himself and John.
"No, stay sitting. Really, it will be easier this way," Sherlock said, hands strong on Lestrade's shoulders as he wheeled him right out to the hall.
He was looking out at the long fields to his left and letting Merrick go ahead when it happened. Merrick raised an alarm and he barely had the time, let alone wherewithal, to stop his bike before hitting the peculiar fellow.
Greg opened the box and pulled a deep red tie from it just as the car started its way down to the street. "What's this?"
Across town Mycroft was sitting at his desk thinking about all that had gone on the night before and that morning. He knew that he was hurting Greg, could tell from the way Greg never looked at him like he used to, but he wasn't sure he knew how to stop. It was best, he decided, to cut off all communication outside of work.
"Both, perhaps," John said, pausing. "I'm not sure the church is the right place for me. Not sure they would want me if they...knew what kind of man I am."
"You don't have to-" Mycroft tried, his head feeling a bit dizzy at the thought of Greg's lips around his cock, at the memory of them doing it the first time in his office and trying to keep quiet.
Sherlock went on to explain so much more than Greg did that John wondered how they could have ever doubted him. He'd meant to tell Sherlock that he should explain all of it to Greg. That, of course, wasn't what he said.
Really, how could he expect someone as handsome and well liked as Greg Lestrade to put his whole life aside for someone like him? What did he have to offer once the champagne and penthouses became commonplace?
The truth was, he was fond of her. Mrs H, not Sarah. Quite fond. His mother had never been very good at her titular role and he found himself enjoying the sort of care one equates with childhood only early in his twenties. Yes, the woman nagged, but she also hugged and tutted and, most of all, cared.
Sherlock licked his lips and John's smile fell open, eyes darting between Sherlock's eyes and his lips. He obviously recognised it as the invitation it was. Well versed in body language then, practised.
"No, love," John said, rolling onto his side and wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist. "What I meant was that you shouldn't have to keep writing just because your brother insists on it. You hate it."
"Bloody, useless," the woman growled, Jane getting the first look of her as she tossed the large coat to the ground and revealed her true form.
I investigate murders mostly, but I understand that as you were the doctor to last see them, it might take some sort of emotional toll on you. It's difficult for me to think in those terms, but DI Lestrade says if my touch doesn't become more delicate he'll revoke my witness interview privileges. That would be detrimental to not only his current solve rate, but also the city as a whole. His selfishness is short sighted, but that's the way with the average human, isn't it?-'
"Looks like it hurts," Jane said, pulling a small bag from her rucksack and retrieving an alcohol swab.
"We're going to the seventh," he growled. "You don't get to press the sixth, or the fifth. And if you were thinking about going to the fifth, then shame on you for not taking the stairs like a decent human being."
"You must be some kind of genius," John replied. "That's how you knew I wasn't sleeping at your last visit."
Sherlock turned and ducked down to kiss John again before rattling off some facts about the meanings of certain flowers during Victorian times, a conversation John would probably forget the gist of in no time. He was perfect like that, though; effusively spitting out facts.
And, just like that, Sherlock was walking off again, heels clicking on the pavement with near ferocity.
John nodded and started walking towards the lift, hands in his pockets and bag over his shoulder. He looked to Sherlock like an English professor, subdued tweed and leather settling him firmly in the 'dressed like my father would have wanted me to' category.
It took Mycroft a good six months to convince himself that Greg wasn't leaving. Greg gave him that time and was happy with their relationship. Mycroft wasn't exactly forthcoming with his emotions in a physical way but he noted his affection in a utilitarian fashion and that was enough.
John felt his legs give way and he found himself quite suddenly in a sobbing heap on the floor. He could barely pull in a breath, for the heaving, blubbering mess he'd become. And God, God, it felt good. It felt good to scream, even as he muffled it in his forearm, thick cotton sticky with saliva, felt good to weep.
Sherlock frowned at that, angry that his inner voice always took on his brother when it said what he really already knew.
Greg handed the card over and pointed the way and John and Sherlock took off down the hall to find their new room.
Sherlock looked at John, as if expecting to find a tease in his eyes or something at least a little disingenuous. Instead he found sincerity.
"Yeah, well at least I have readers. My cases might not be as brilliant as yours but at least people can get through more than FIVE PAGES! If you're writing were any less palpable it would be used as kindling."
By the time his lonely doctor was pressing the mouthy nurse up against a wall outside the coffee shop, John was fairly sure people were going to like the story. He was fairly sure because he could barely keep himself from pawing at his own interested cock as the scene heated up.
"Oh, yeah? Enjoy reading about detectives falling into bed with handsome men?" John teased, running his hand over Sherlock's hip.
Sherlock pulled the tissue down and looked over the edge at John suspiciously. "I thought you said this was an action adventure book."
"Bloody, buggering," he grumbled, finding the loo and relieving himself after stubbing a toe on the tub.
Years later, though he'd never really considered it before, he was contemplating kissing Charlie. He was contemplating it with frightening frequency.
John was up in seconds and holding her back from clawing the maid's face off. Sherlock inspected the wedding ring while she screamed.
"Well, hello gorgeous," the voice on the other side of the line said, a bit husky and completely appealing.
And now for the embarrassing part. I've tried all the positions, yes. I'm sure you could research them, but they're all from personal experience in my story. Not everyone likes penetrative sex, or oral sex, but I do, so I write it that way.
Mike's eyes shot wide and he nodded. "So now you're back in London. Surprised me that anyone could get you to live somewhere other than here, but...well, now you're back."
It was said so blandly that John wasn't sure whether it was meant as disappointment or not. He hoped not.
They got off at their stop and walked the short way to the hotel then went to the lift. When the doors opened Sherlock pulled John by his sleeve, walking quickly and then running to the stairwell. John jogged to keep up, not knowing what the bloody hell was going on. They burst into the stairwell and then rested against the closed door, Sherlock glancing over his shoulder and through the small window leading into the hallway.
He walked to the front and rang the bell again, this time only once. John came out from the back, eyebrows furrowed.
John finally turned back to him, nodding and taking a sip of the water he was offered. "Is he one of your constables?"
Sherlock grinned, goofy and too large, and John took that as a yes, leading Sherlock to turn around and wait with him for the lift.
"Come now, John," Sherlock said, settling back into the seat and crossing his arms behind his head, something that drew his shirt tight across his breast and did something peculiar to John's breathing, "I've already done that. If I'm to face censure for it, I might as well have a definitive reason for doing it in the first place."
John's thumb rubbed over his finger, where his ring used to be, and cleared his throat. "We, uh, it didn't work out."
"Jesus, Sherlock," John said, hands clutching his hair. "Please tell me you didn't give a killer your hotel room number."
Time was skipping. Sherlock couldn't focus and he felt as if he'd been hollowed out and filled with something fluffy and light. The feeling was the exact opposite of discomfort and he let his body shift as John pulled his pants off and wiped him clean and got out of the bed.
The paper suddenly seemed rather fragile in Sherlock's hands. He set it on the bed in front of himself, not sure how he'd got to the bedroom, and flattened it out with care. He really, he really should be more careful with letters sent to him by his...well, he ought to be more careful. His stomach lurched at the thought of how he had treated the envelope and he rushed out to find it.
The smile John gave changed his whole appearance. It softened his eyes and he seemed younger instantly. If that made something clench in Sherlock's chest he didn't say, but then again, who ever comments on emotion with a crush so near. He cleared his throat and turned the key and they made their way up.
Sherlock watched him, struck with how truthful John had been upon their first meeting. He was hungry, starving, and he knew exactly for what. Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he just wanted to hear someone say it.
John shot him a look that said if he didn't back off he might end up with a bloody nose and Greg stood and crossed his arms. John let his head fall into his hands, embarrassed at his own anger, an anger that always seemed to be bubbling below the surface and attempting to scratch its way out.
Sherlock broke the kiss to start ripping at John's clothes, the lot of them ending up on the floor in no time. John was just as eagerly removing Sherlock's clothes and when they were finally naked they pushed the presents aside and climbed onto the bed. Sherlock panted as John kissed down his neck to his chest, and wondered at how his body reacted.
Mrs Hudson opened the front door and Sherlock rolled his eyes at John before moving to help her with bags. "You're just as bad at her."
"Oh," John replied, stomach turning a bit. It hadn't actually occurred to him that Sherlock was really in love with him. He was still thinking of it as some bizarre experiment.
"Well you should watch where you're going!" John said, uncomfortable with the fact that they were stuck in a confined space together.
He didn't ride fast, after all, couldn't at that point. He'd only managed to ride again recently. He found that riding had the benefit of reminding his leg that it had full range of motion and resulted in a less pronounced limp than he'd started with. The pain was fine. Pain was cleansing. Pain was, well, more contrition, he supposed.
"Demolished," Sherlock murmured, as if the word held all the answers. "Yes, fine, you can leave, then."
"I can't argue with that," Mycroft said, reaching to the bedside table for the lube and re-situating Greg on his hands and knees.
John licked his lips and unbuckled his belt, eager for what was to come. He heard another grunt and the bed squeak and something fall to the floor.
The case where you took down the smuggler had me on the edge of my seat. It makes me think you should write them up for a newspaper or something. The bit with you tackling someone had me cheering. The men probably think me mad, now.
Once he was done eating Sherlock stepped into the loo to change back into his clothes and came out to find John leaning against the wall in a suit he'd never even imagined John wearing. It occurred to him then that he'd actually expected John to go to the jazz club in his usual dark suit and dog collar.
Sherlock walked with John into the sitting room and accepted tea from one of the servants. They sat on a small sofa, pressed close. John was taken aback by how this version of Sherlock even SAT differently. He was aristocratic, even in the delicacy with which he picked up his cup.
Doc rolled her eyes playfully and closed the door. "Now, our John is a bit of a mope. He's been here for a week with no one to bunk with. Perhaps he just needs a little company."
His brain came to a stop and his body seized as the window above him was opened. He felt as if his heart would hammer out of his chest as he looked up and saw John's hand on the window, fingers then curling tightly around the frame as he breathed in the evening air. The fingers left and Sherlock heard the unmistakable sound of a match being struck.
On the next to last page, in the entertainment section, there was a picture of the front of the convention center under the headline, 'Love Is In The Air'. Sherlock snatched the paper up and read through it quickly.
John curled around him and kissed his neck and shoulders and Sherlock threaded their fingers together, not caring about the drying lube. They lay like that for ten or so minutes until Sherlock's stomach growled and he grumbled.
John sighed and mirrored Sherlock, scanning the road below. "I did, well, I tried to read your latest."
John shifted onto his side and cleared his throat, stretching a bit and wincing as he started to wake. Sherlock closed the drawer silently and went to rummage through the cabinets in the kitchenette. He saw John sit up out of the corner of his eye and turned to him.
Sherlock turned the light next to his side of the bed off as well and lay on his back with his arms crossed, fingers digging into his own sides. They stayed like that for a long time before John cursed loudly, making Sherlock jump, and took his hand.
He patted Sherlock stiffly on the shoulder before leaving again. "The doctor will be in shortly, Mr Holmes."
"Im not writing anyone," Sherlock went on, trying to convince himself just as much as his only companion. "It was a mistake. He wasn't trying to write to me anyhow."
"Reckless, and mad," John went on, leading Sherlock up the stairs to the flat and walking right into the kitchen.
John sat there with his mouth open for a minute before Sherlock cleared his throat and explained. "I looked you up last night. Needed to see what I was getting into by sitting next to you," Sherlock lied.
"Well, you know us writers; always thinking but never looking where we're going," John said, finger pressed to his temple.
Jane had a half hour before she was to meet the solicitor at the flat. She decided to go ahead of time and spend a little while checking out the neighborhood. She got all the way down the street before she realised she'd forgot her cane.
Sherlock kissed John roughly for a second time before going back to his seat. The woman glared at them in the rear view mirror as John attempted to get his breath back. Both were happy when they pulled up to the kerb.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose. He always hated being stuck in the same category as other men. They were, he knew, mostly horrible. "What I mean, is that I had planned on leading. Because I had done the research. Now I see that may be a mistake."
He helped Sherlock up and they made their way down to the kitchen slowly, Sherlock giggling as he stumbled. John finally had Sherlock sitting in a chair, propped up against the wall, and was able to go about making something for them both.
'What on earth are you doing, Watson?' the voice in his head asked. 'Running round after a tall boy with dark hair and a penchant for breaking the rules?'
John stood just a step behind him while the man knocked at the door and spoke quickly to one of the maids. He was succinct and authoritative and John started to wonder if the lack of sleep just made him sharper. It must have been the adrenalin.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock blurted, the words spilling out of him before he could think better of it. He was a little frightened by his own voice.
John took the hint well enough and reached over to retrieve the small bottle of lube and a pair of condoms. He licked his lips and Sherlock nodded.
John sighed and stood, walking to the coffee table and grabbing the tissues. "Blow your nose, Edger Allan."
The first was of a bulge under trousers, fingers at the waistband. The second showed the zip pulled down. The third was what got him.
John stumbled out of bed while it was still dark, head aching and reaching around for the light switch. That, he realised, was a horrid idea. The light burned, leaving marks on his vision, and he slammed it back off.
"They're just sketches," John sighed, chest tightening a bit as he felt the warmth of Sherlock's arm next to his.
Sherlock shifted a bit, wondering how to phrase the question on his mind. He decided on straight forward. "Was this just sex?"
And, oh, the doctor's breath caught at the way the evening breeze shifted the scientist's hair, at the way the moonlight made his skin nearly glow. The man looked unearthly in that light, black smudges from the experiment covering one cheek and his chin, eyes fuzzy as he tried to understand what had gone wrong to cause the explosion.
Sherlock was feeling rather good about himself, sopping hair and shirt collar aside, after having verbally spared with Anderson and won. He held himself a bit taller and didn't knock on his way into Lestrade's office. He didn't interrupt anything salacious. Lestrade may have been once again made a fool by his wife's affairs, but he would never take up one himself. No. He was eating a donut.
John grunted at that, sliding out of bed and smoothing down the back of his hair as he followed her out to the landing and down the stairs. The phone was off the hook, receiver resting on the ledge, and John cleared his throat once more before taking it.
Mycroft was overwhelmed with emotion, remembering so many years where he didn't believe that himself. "Thank you, daddy," he said, embarrassed by slipping into a childish manner of speaking.
When John was finally done with his last notes he hurried back to his office to find Sherlock tapping away at his laptop. His personal laptop. For a second, wind seeming to rush in his ears, he stood frozen in the doorway.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at the lack of response and drew his eyes over John's body. "Locum work would do. Get you out of the house at least."
John nodded once, a whole conversation going on without a word, and Sherlock turned back to Greg. "That's quite a coincidence. We were thinking of moving to the city."
And he stopped, right there on the walkway, thinking how funny it was that he felt like he'd known the man for years. Two days and they'd slotted together like long lost puzzle pieces. 'Where did you come from?' he wanted to ask. 'Where on earth did you come from?'
John pushed the second box into the flat and collapsed back into his chair. "Enemy. Who the hell has enemies?"
And, yes, this was a different man than John knew. Still, though, beneath the bravado was a bit of the teasing John remembered. John nodded and knelt, fingers going to pull eyelids back.
She must have zoned out a bit, as they had arrived at the destination and the cabbie was starting to look a bit cross. Jane smiled at her as though she was being charming, and got out, running to the overhang with her hands over her head. Sherlock paid the cabbie and followed.
Sherlock was stuck, really well stuck. He couldn't tell if he'd angered John, and wasn't sure what he should say next. The fact that he wanted to say something, that he wanted to comfort John, was something that made him itch.
"You," John said pointedly, hand going up to grip Sherlock's neck, "you are so very special. You hear me?"
He cursed at himself and got out without actually bathing, too agitated to relax, and pulled a dressing gown around his wet body to stomp into the sitting room. The letter was where he left it, laying face up on the coffee table. He picked it up and began to read where he'd left off.
He sat sideways on the toilet and apologised in his mind for reading the letter in that fashion. He wasn't shitting, at least, just occupying the space. It was quieter than the bunk and afforded him a place to cry if he needed. He wasn't sure he could stop himself from crying, at that point. He was bloody exhausted and worn thin and just couldn't assure himself that he wouldn't break down. He couldn't do that in front of the men. He couldn't.
Mycroft sat in his chair, noting that Sherlock had ruined the order of his papers, and scowled. He wouldn't let Sherlock hurt himself again. Sentiment, for him, was more damning than anything else, when directed towards something he could never have.
John looked over to Sherlock, where he was standing in the kitchen, and was struck once again by how fragile he seemed. A grown man in finely milled wool trousers and a starched shirt, standing in that small, crowded kitchen with no shoes on. John thought he looked out of place in his own home for a second before he realised how utterly untrue that thought was. The flat was lonely and fragile as well, wasn't it? Packed full of things but empty, all the same.
'WALK IN SHOWER. FIVE INDIVIDUAL SHOWER HEADS GIVE THE FEEL OF A MASSAGE. LARGE ENOUGH TO FIT A FULLY GROWN MAN IN THE FOETAL POSITION. WEEP AWAY YOUR NIGHTMARES SURROUNDED BY WALL MOUNTED LEDS AND REAL STONE ACCENTS.'
Social niceties, and the possibility of staying in London. 'Yeah,' he thought, 'I've got bloody nothing to do but grieve.
"These two are my clients," he said, not worried at all about the fact that he wasn't a lawyer, "and if you're done with them we'll be going."
Sherlock swayed where he stood and watched John carefully. "You don't seem a man so quick to shift aside his morals."
It hit John square in the chest, knocked the air from him. He set the sandwich down on the waxed paper and brushed his hands off on his napkin. They never kissed with tongue. Sherlock's rule, not his. "We don't do that, you said, you said that-"
Telling you what I do for a living and what I look like seems tame next to telling you that, so I think I'll hold off. What you really need to know is how utterly transformative reading your stories has been on my life. I'm finding out about myself for the first time, I fear.
"I, um, I live in London as well," John said, amused by the way Sherlock trotted down the stairs into the station. "Maybe after this is all over we can go out for a pint or something."
"Well," John sighed, scrunching his nose up in a way that made Sherlock want to scream, "the good news is, there isn't a fracture."
Mrs H nodded and looked Sherlock up and down, appraising him. He never wanted to talk about anything lightly. "He was. Three years. We weren't married at the time, but we were dating."
After scrapping the fifth bluey, the word devoted looking strange, he decided to read back over all of their letters. What came out the next time he set about writing felt more genuine than he had intended. He posted it anyway.
"Just a few bites here, for you," Mrs H said, pointing to the sitting room table at a plate covered in foil before she grabbed the sopping coat.
Not reading the letter was out of the question, he was bloody going to do it, but what he did after was up for discussion. He should probably toss the lot in the fire, though some of the pictures were good enough to frame, and be done with it.
Jane smiled at Sherlock as if she were to most peculiar thing in the whole wide world, shaking her head slightly. "Well, it worked. What do I owe you?"
And, Christ, Sherlock. The man was stubborn and strange and John was transfixed. But no, it was a dead end. Married to his work. John had thought there was something there, some frisson of heat between them, as the DI stood over the ex-husband that day. He supposed it was just transference; his interested cock in its interested state from the adrenalin alone. That had happened before, after all. Only a tish more often than infrequently.
"Three more shots tonight," Sherlock said, batting John's hand from the bottle, "an hour apart each. Four hours should be enough to admit to every misdeed and insecurity, don't you think?"
That frisson of heat was back in her belly as she realised who the sender was, heat easily tempered with agitation.
Sherlock took two sweeping steps towards him and kissed him with all the pain and longing he'd felt since that first story. John's skin was hot and his lips were mobile and soft and Sherlock only pulled back after a moment to make sure he hadn't got any of it wrong.
John was there. Right there. A little more than black and white, and whole, and human looking, and HANDSOME.
"Here. Only a little. Wouldn't want you growing wings," Sherlock said, upon return. When Jane didn't laugh she rolled her eyes. "Not really. It's only bath oil."
“In need of lotion,” Jane interrupted, pulling back and standing on uneasy feet. “As I’m in need of sleep. The bed upstairs still free? Don’t really feel like climbing into a cab just now.”
John nodded and Sherlock reached for his sweet smelling body wash, pouring some into his hand and starting to rub it over John's shoulders and chest. John hummed and let his eyes close again.
Sherlock spent the next few hours in the lab, fantasizing about turning down a case that night. No, he'd say to Lestrade, I have a date, and I'm not canceling it for a four.
He wondered if Sherlock's preoccupation with crimes had something to do with his troubled mind. Wondered if solving them made it easier to sleep at night. John still hadn't found a salve for that specific wound himself, besides alcohol, of course. Alcohol made everything easier for a time.
And Sherlock found himself following, just bloody following John to his own execution. He felt like his legs weren't even moving, like he was in some horrible dream. He went over all the things he'd done wrong in the pervious two months.
When the man was out of sight Sherlock rushed to John and inspected his fist, mumbling to him and dragging him to the front to wash it. "Obviously not your blood. You're absolutely mad. Never had anyone stick up for me."
John followed her to the kitchen as she made a space on the table for the tray. It was piled with cheeses and finger sandwiches and biscuits and jam. She held a sandwich up to John and smiled as the man took it and started to eat.
There were three days between meeting Sherlock and John's first sermon. Three days that he could reasonably have stopped thinking about the man. Three days he, instead, spent obsessing.
John turned over, trying to pull the covers up around his neck, and found he was on top of them. He sat with a bolt and looked around the small room. Daylight was spilling through the curtains, dust motes spinning lazily, and the morning was young. He was still in his clothes, and it took him a second to remember what had happened the night before.
"You. Know. I. Never," John grunted, thanking the heavens that Sherlock's greatcoat was taking the brunt of his thrusts, and not Sherlock's skin, "Renege. On. A. Deal."
Jane sat on the edge of the bed in the flat she was renting near the university and ran a towel through her hair as the rain pounded on the window. She still thought of it as ‘the’ bed and not ‘her’ bed, even though she had been sleeping in it going on three whole months. It occurred to her that she hadn’t truly had her own bed since she was a child. She still felt as though her bunk overseas would have suited her better still. There was something about the sheets that, though they were much better quality, didn’t feel right.
"Come in," Sherlock said, removing his shirt and folding it before tossing it to land. "Please. Come in."
Not a new novel, mind you, but the blog his therapist had been hassling him about. It was the perfect place to air his grievances.
Slowly, because his brain was still malfunctioning a bit, he turned. The trees, real pine trees in every direction, were lit up. There were larger lights strung between them, and from where they were standing, it felt magical.
It was a whirlwind as they took the wife into custody and started with statements from the staff, but the gist of it seemed to be that, once they hadn't arrived at the station, Greg knew where they would be. He seemed less angry than thoroughly exhausted and John was more than happy to quietly take his leave and wait outside while Sherlock spoke him.
"No use, gov," Greg said, taking the last drink from the bottle and setting it next to the other empty on the table, "we both know how this goes."
"I'm a ridiculous man. You'd better know that ahead of time. I'm ridiculous, and rude, and-" Sherlock started.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and sat back. Jane slipped her shirt back on and turned around. Sherlock sat there, posh pyjamas and silk robe, hair full and bobbing with every shift on the bed, and Jane wanted to kiss her so badly. Instead, she stretched out her leg and let Sherlock arrange it as she wanted.
He breathed deeply and sat up, turning and setting the camera on a few books to bolster it up to eye level, and hit the record button. The little red light blinked and he smiled.
The rest of the medical care went easily, and Sherlock was actually surprised that the doctor was treating him professionally after their last meeting. He almost believed the man didn't remember him. He was perfectly fine with that.
The woman's fierce stance loosened a bit and she smirked. "You know the answer to that yourself. You all but ooze army. Severe hairstyle that takes time to manage, clothes nearly tactical in nature, eyebrows tamed perfectly, but minimal makeup, and the cane. Everything about you is utilitarian. Now for where you were deployed; tan on the face where sunglasses were worn on a regular basis tells me that you've seen a lot of sun, so, Afghanistan or Iraq. I went with Afghanistan, and I just happened to be right."
Jane found herself jumping up and pouring her a cup from the table that had been laid out. She held up the cream in one hand and the sugar in the other and smiled when the tall woman nodded towards the sugar. She added some and brought it over.
"Take those expensive trousers off before you wrinkle them, you posh git," Greg said, tearing at the laces on Mycroft's shoes and pulling them off to fling across the room.
Sherlock felt himself blush further at the implication, and picked up speed, eager to be back in their room.
"Then you think I'm fit to stay?" John asked, completely flummoxed by how the conversation had gone.
It took a long while for them to do so, working against the intense magnetic pull the universe had created.
"What do you mean you've got a girlfriend?" Jack shouted, his wife crying right at the dinner table.
Sherlock sighed and poked Merrick with his toe, the dog now asleep where he lay. "Maybe I'll forgive you for the poor life choice if you let me into the library. The idiot before you wouldn't."
"God, no. It's awful. Why on earth would I be interested in telling people about my cases?" Sherlock asked. "By the time they're solved the interesting part is over."
Mrs Hudson came in through the door with a breakfast tray and bustled right up to the bed. “Sherlock dear,” she chirped, concern etching her brow, “I was wondering when you would join the land of the living again.”
They stood like that, silent and content to watch the world around them sway in the breeze, for a very, very long while.
John was overwhelmed by how warm the man was. He had begun to forget what warmth was; the the only time he'd touched anything warm in the last few years was to either knock it over or push it out of the way. Now that he had his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, well, as much of a hand as a spirit has, he couldn't seem to take it away.
“Your assistance was appreciated, let's leave it at that,” Sherlock replied quickly, picking at the edge of the plaster on her hand.
"Derrick told his mother you refused to call on him today. He also said the sentences they wrote were of an x-rated nature. You know you can't be doing that," John said, fingers digging into Sherlock's hips.
COLD TEMPERATURES LOWER THE IMMUNE SYSTEM, YOU BERK. THAT COUPLED WITH YOUR HORRENDOUS SLEEPING HABITS, AND I'LL BE SURPRISED IF YOU AREN'T SNIFFLING AWAY BY MORNING.
Sherlock wondered if it was a bit not good to offer John's services without the man's knowledge, but the boys were like family. "He'll be here tonight."
"You're handsome, young, and fit. Your bank account is overflowing and your taste in clothing is superb. You don't need to resort to the back pages to get a date," Sherlock added, his eyes fixed on John, and face emotionless.
Sherlock started to mumble and came, pumping his fist and spilling between them. John huffed and buried himself deep and cursed a few times before going completely still and pouring into Sherlock.
“Miss Holmes has quite a few bad habits,” the boss replied, walking out of the shadows in a way Sherlock had to admit was impressively dramatic.
The water in the bath was starting to cool. Mycroft had left an hour earlier and it had taken the whole hour for Sherlock's mind to stop screaming at him. He added some hot water to top the bath off and let his thumb press the button it was hovering over on his mobile.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and scrutinised John carefully. "You're three months behind and you haven't even finished the next book?"
"You know, being in the army isn't easy. I'm sure whoever you're writing to simply doesn't have the time to write back now. It's unpredictable out there," Mrs H said, going into the kitchen to make Sherlock his morning tea.
John paused for a moment and then gripped the handle of the knife. "We're quite a ways out. Might just be my time."
They exchanged rings Mycroft had been saving for six months, thanked the judge and were done. It was official.
"Good," Sherlock admitted. "Now, we're going to do a small writing set to remind ourselves. Line one-"
Greg nodded and finally took his hand from his mobile in his pocket. He opened the first file and started to explain, his mind whirring all the while.
The husband looked back and forth between Sherlock and his wife as John looked like he didn't understand what the hell he was even doing there.
Sherlock chuckled and ran a hand through his hair, rolling his eyes jovially for once. "Really, Lestrade," he rumbled, "out with it."
"Hell," Greg said, scratching the back of his neck, "I have to admit, that'll make my life easier. Well, relatively."
"This isn't what I bloody wanted!" Greg shouted. "What I wanted was to be your significant other and there's nothing significant about being your fuck buddy. You don't deserve to get comfort from me. Not after everything you did."
"Madam Hudson," Mycroft indulged, using the woman's professional name, "has bequeathed her flat to a relative."
Sherlock looked up at that, remembering what it was like to be a bored teenager. "And what topics are you going to write on?"
“You know the drill,” he said. “And this time it seems your shoe is evidence. Why don’t you let me give you a ride back to the station this once?”
Merrick climbed back out of the water and started running back and forth on the shore as quickly as he could.
John felt like a wave of emotion had broke over him and he choked out the only response that he could think of, holding Sherlock in his arms. "Alright, alright, then."
The few times they'd participated in this type of intimate massage had been near overwhelming. John was still amazed that Sherlock allowed him this, the closeness, the first breath of breach.
"Nothing will help this bloody thing," Jane growled, swallowing and starting over. "It's alright. I have some Salonpas for the shoulder."
"Yes, exactly. Because humans are taught to disregard the work of women, and to trust men. Which is what?" Sherlock asked.
When they were finally served, the second steak Greg hadn't really expected to get sitting in a primly wrapped package to his left, they both seemed to relax.
John followed him, hands clasped behind his back and Merrick running ahead. Sherlock fanned out some photos on the large desk and scratched behind Merrick's ear absently as he beckoned John closer.
He took the cup from the man he now realized was his first-year roommate, and followed him out and down the walkway until they were sheltered from the street by the long lane of maple trees. They stilled there and John took a too-eager sip of the coffee and burned his tongue.
When he remembered that Sherlock couldn't hear him he went and pulled the covers up over Sherlock's body. Sherlock blinked up at him, brows furrowed, and John placed a hand on his shoulder.
The limp and shoulder, she couldn't fix, so it had to be set aside in her mind. The fact that her mother wouldn't give up on her settling down and popping out three kids, she was still working on.
Sherlock pouted out the window as they drove along in the beat-up sedan they'd rented. Sally had insisted on driving, seeing as the rental was in her name, and he was broken up about it.
Sherlock started to come and barely heard the last word, the world rushing in his ears. And god, he tightened around John's cock and felt the man lose patience and take what he needed, and it was perfect.
"Everything, but, like you're made of fog," Sherlock replied quickly. "It's like you're in a faded photo."
"Looked me up on the internet, then?" John asked. Sherlock nodded and John just beamed. "Brilliant. As I believe I've said."
When he came back to himself, he was being handed a paper suit, blue and plasticised. He stumbled a bit setting his cane aside and pulled it on with a groan. His shoulder was pinching in places and it reminded him of things he'd rather not think on.
She must have been scowling something awful, because when they finally made it through all the bureaucracy and were readying to go back out into the rain, Sherlock cleared her throat and reminded Jane that she’d been promised food. It was going on early evening by then, and she didn’t have a thing in at her place besides a half empty box of digestives and an array of single serving condiments, so she agreed.
And that, that right there made Sherlock swallow down hard on an almost sob. Damn the man for understanding.
The thing he'd created was a sort of map of the outcomes he was facing. There were three basic starting categories; accept, deny, and avoid. Each string started off in one of those three and fanned out to meet what he thought of as the best, second best, and worst outcomes.
"I don't hate people, necessarily. It's more of a constant disappointment. People as a whole are unremarkable, so they bore me. It doesn't mean I don't enjoy making bad people look like fools. I just can't stand to see someone being taken advantage of," Sherlock admitted.
"But," Jane added quickly, "if you are really hungry, we could go for lunch. I've nothing on till two and I'd love to know how you figured me out so easily."
Christ, and he was out in the yard again, the rain falling through him as he ground his teeth. He felt like such a failure. He'd only just really got the hang of not blacking out and waking up somewhere else. It took him two bloody years, and now he was back to square one. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knew it was due to the panic, that it was quite like the attacks he'd had as a child when his father had too much drink, but he wasn't ready to face that.
He sat on the stoop and slid his foot out, amazed at how the nail had even passed through his sock. It wasn't so much a shock as something more in a string of bad luck that he'd had coming forever. Perhaps it was karma. If he wasn't going to be struck down in the street by a car, then apparently he was going to have a perfectly good pair of shoes ruined.
John held him close and grinned back. "You bring out the best in me. Now, come on, let's get you clean."
"Flowers!" she exclaimed, making John worry for a second that she misunderstood them as being for her. "Sherlock absolutely adores flowers! And look how handsome you are! Oh, I'll die happy now!"
Greg sighed deeply and nodded, hoping to have the conversation end there. "Of course, John. Take a copy."
"At first I thought it was for financial reasons," Sherlock explained, stretching and rubbing at his eyes with loose fists. "When it turned out that the wife was the one with the money I had to look for a different motive."
The car went right through John, but Sherlock had broken his arm in the fall. John, being a newly minted ghost-of-the-world, insisted on dragging him to A and E. They caught a cab, John sure that he was only holding on due to determination, and made their way to the hospital.
John had given up dating after The Woman, and The Hound. They had been torn apart and then forced back together during those long days, and the fear Sherlock had felt when he realised sickness was setting in had emboldened him to show a bit of his intense love for the man. It was easier when John wasn't dating, made Sherlock the focus of John's attention.
Sherlock whined and John chuckled, pulling his hair gently and moving his hips forward a little. It was just a small sway but Sherlock got the point, letting his lips relax and taking more of the doctor's cock into his mouth.
"I don't know what I'm doing," John admitted, happy for once that he couldn't be heard. "Dear god, I have no bloody idea."
The porter continued to speak but Sherlock's entire being was focused on John. He was good with his hands, very good, and was soothing the woman even as his instruments pulled at her skin. One of the boys sidled up to Sherlock and cocked his head. Sherlock glanced down at him for a moment and then back to John.
"For what it's worth...I think you're a great teacher. The kids, the kids love you," John murmured through the line.
Sherlock shook his head and started to push the fake flower petals off the duvet. "Don't be foolish. There's more than enough room in the bed."
John laughed at that, the paper hospital shirt Sherlock was wearing billowing at it. When Sherlock finally looked up into his eyes he was sure he was going to die again from pure happiness.
"And sneak away to steal the jewelry out of her own home, right from under our noses?" Sherlock asked, suddenly seeming taller. "I think not."
Sherlock grunted and kicked off his shoes, hopping out of his trousers and pants and stroking his cock once. John grinned at him and for a moment they were both still.
When Sherlock dipped down again and pressed a kiss to tip, breathing became a thing of the past. The look on Sherlock's face said he didn't particularly like the taste, which made it all the more astounding when he went back in for another kiss, and then a kitten-lick, and another.
Real life, though, contained none of the romance. John was still unconscious when Sherlock walked into the room.
John watched as Sherlock jumped up and measured the temperature in the room. He forgot to do so when he'd entered, but the heat had been on in the house all day and it should have been  sweltering. Instead, the windows started to clear of their fog and Sherlock wasn't prompted to remove his scarf.
"We're mad," Sherlock said, eyes getting that far off look that said he was drifting into mind palace territory.
"His brother bred him. The whole litter, besides Merrick, went for hunting. Sherlock has always had a soft spot for dogs. People, not so much," Greg answered.
With the memory, talking late into the night like bloody teenagers, came a warmth he had yet to place. He felt young.
The next words from the apparition were jumbled. 'Sweet,' and 'gorgeous,' and 'beautiful,' tripping over each other. Sherlock willed his brain to slow down.
John smiled, it coming on slowly and then crackling across his face, and moved to the chair opposite Sherlock. A soft flush made it up Sherlock's neck and he grumbled to himself while fiddling with his laptop. John huffed out a small laugh and went back to what he'd been doing; editing the first chapter of his newest story.
The next was a coffee shop that was shuttered and closed for renovations, the renovators giving her strange looks as she scowled her way along.
John rushed on him and hefted him up by his thighs, allowing Sherlock to wrap his legs around his waist, toes kept warm under his parka. He pressed his hips forward, hands pulling Sherlock's buttocks apart, and let the head of his cock slip around his hole.
It was enough to shock him near out of his shorts when Sherlock stepped out onto the front porch, Merrick in tow. He stood in the grass for a minute, confused, before Sherlock walked over to him and stood painfully close.
John kissed Sherlock's shoulder and started to move his finger, pumping it in and out before adding another.
It was all happening so fast. They hadn't known each other yesterday and now they were laying here as if they had been together for months. He was an insta-boyfriend, and it felt wrong somehow. He wanted it to be real, the affection to be won, fought hard for. He wanted to start again and convince John to like him without the money in the way. He was afraid that John was simply living out the fantasy without actually paying attention, that none of the softness was due to him.
When Jane woke, the sky was dark outside and rain was slamming against the window. She pushed the blanket off her lap and went to pull on a pair of joggers. She didn't feel like wearing a bra, but she also didn't feel like being accused of arousal over the dinner table, no matter how true it was. She tossed her shirt to the floor in the loo and pulled a spare jumper out of her duffel, an old RAMC one that was faded, but still whole.
He picked up one of the pages and held it close, eyes focusing on the crosshatch as his brain mulled over his next move.
And before John could reply Sherlock was going downstairs to rustle up some fresh bulbs, and John was feeling so much lighter.
They ended up riding back to the police station in a cab, as Sherlock insisted they didn't take up Greg's offer of the back of his police car. John was buzzing with something akin to excitement, even though the case was all wrapped up other than paperwork, and Sherlock was telling him more about his past few days sniffing out the murder.
John snorted and they fell quiet, staring at each other for longer than was needed. John wasn't even sure at that point what the correct amount of staring was. He kept doing it as William's eyes seemed to pull him in. Everything was zeroed in on them, he was aware of nothing else. It was too bloody late to be staring at anyone.
'Not the only one who's eager, then,' he thought, unbuttoning his denims and pushing down the zip so he could fondle himself through his pants.
John pursed his lips and rose to his feet, ignoring the ache in his leg, and turned to Lestrade, taking a few quick steps and closing the space between them. "Greg, was it?"
"Yes. One of the many reasons the idiot decided not to admit his feelings. And now I'm thinking about them kissing. I need that to stop," Sherlock said, nose scrunching up.
By nine o'clock he was out the door, bidding Mrs Hudson and Merrick a quick goodbye, and heading to the police station. The cabbie knew the way, so he sat back in his seat and tried to control his breathing.
He decided on sitting with his back pressed to the house, legs crossed and hands on his knees. He'd been thinking for a few hours on what John had said. 'Not knowing when to say no,' could refer to anything. He felt that maybe he was losing his mind because, and of course this was beyond premature, he thought he'd picked something up. Something...he wasn't sure.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief and poured himself a whiskey. Whiskey always helped. He took the first swig and softly sang along to the music.
“Reading palms yourself now?” Jane teased. “Should I call Fraud myself? That Greg fellow seemed to be helpful enough.”
"I love you, too" Sherlock replied, rubbing the tip of his nose against John's before stepping away.
Sherlock shivered and almost felt John's shoe run up under the hem of his trousers, the scene becoming real as he gripped himself.
"I don't really drink," Sherlock said, worrying that John would be the type of man to get smashed every night.
"Bring me the charcoal suit and a white shirt, please," Sherlock said, turning on the tap. "And my deodorant from the loo."
Jane felt a flush move up her neck and cleared her throat. "I, uh, I sleep in a shirt." When Sherlock's eyebrow raised and her lips curled, Jane amended. "A shirt and pants. And why are you looking for my sleeping clothes?"
The man finally looked up at him, blinking rapidly and cocking his head to the side. "What are you doing here?"
"Slipped out just as the sun started to rise," William answered. "Fifteen minutes. I like the mornings, especially so close to nature. Things are quiet."
"I can't, I just can't believe," Sherlock tried. "It's overwhelming for me when things go right for once."
The woman huffed and crossed her arms but all that was ignored as Greg walked up, waving off the other police officers and facing the detective.
"I liked you from the start, you know," Sherlock said. "You let me talk and seemed fairly interesting. Stared at my lips a bit too long to seem casual."
"I think that's a brilliant idea, though you shouldn't let Mrs H hear you use the word maid," John said, joining Sherlock at the window and standing in parade's rest a pace away.
"I'll have to wait until this evening. She showered yesterday right before we came. She keeps it on her at all times, so that's the opportunity I need," Sally said with a nod.
He finished the last of the coffee, overcooked but hot, and picked up the patient file on his way to the waiting room. His eyes barely even rose from the file as he called out the name on it, the man coming up next to him and following him through the swinging doors.
"I'm quite well read," John disagreed, "full stop. There has been a lot of time over the years for reading."
"Yes, well," John said, jaw tightening and head tipping to the side in agitation as he tapped his cane on the floor loudly, "I was wrong on that account. Perhaps both accounts. I think it would be best if you just-"
Jane watched her leave and finally stripped, catching sight of her own shoulder in the mirrors as she slid into the bath. It was all gnarled skin and angry flesh. She hated it.
It was meant to be casual, flippant even, but it felt strange leaving his mouth. He was upset by how much he still felt that attraction, how much more there was beginning to be behind it. John was a mystery and he wanted to pick him apart right there.
When they made it home that night Mycroft had to undress Greg because he was so drunk, settling him in bed and getting in next to him.
He made tea, a whole pot for one person, and sat on the edge of the bed staring at the far wall. He needed a comfortable chair and a small side table and a bloody gun. The unfortunate thing was that he knew it would be easier to get his hands on a gun than the other two items, even in a city overflowing with discount furniture. The secondhand chair would even cost more, unless he could find it in a kip somewhere, and he never quite got over the (possibly erroneous) uni story of the sofa that gave everyone in the science department crabs.
The first of three cop cars came to a halt as Jane made it back to Sherlock’s side, and the mentioned DI jumped out, sporting more gray than Sherlock remembered from their last interaction.
"Is it...is it always like this?" Sherlock asked, sitting back a bit to hide his face against John's chest.
"I know," John added with a forced laugh, "first vicar you've heard of that likes jazz. I'm sure you think it nonsensical-"
Mycroft's steps faltered once more and Greg smiled at being able to surprise the man. It was quite a feat.
"I think you should go to sleep," John replied, thumb brushing over the shell of Sherlock's ear and causing him to hum sleepily.
Sherlock sat back a bit more and gave John's prick a careful pull. His interest, his brain, seemed to overcome the nervousness of the beginning of the endeavor. "It's quite large."
John laughed and leaned down to suck once more at the head of Sherlock's cock, just for a second. "Yes."
"Mmm," Sherlock returned without looking away from the window. "The tremor in your hand ruled out surgeon and you're still convinced that you wouldn't be able to find a job anywhere else. Perhaps you've given up."
Sherlock knelt closer and rested his forehead against John's. They breathed the same air and Sherlock tried to gather his thoughts.
"We should, that is, could we," Sherlock tried, swallowing and finally looking at the floor. He couldn't ask for what he wanted, couldn't seem to find the courage to form the words. He hated himself, all this time wanting and he was dumbstruck as to what to do.
John might have been uncomfortable while talking about it, but with lips and a tongue pressing into it while a skilled hand gripped his cock through his denims, the discomfort turned something else. Jesus, the things this man was doing to him.
"What the bloody hell is going on?" she demanded under her breath. "I just saw Mycroft Holmes kiss you on the cheek. Are you two fucking?"
He was. He was incredibly jealous. He'd never even had a real friend. It occurred to him early on that his soulmate would have to be his friend, would possibly even want that.
"The flat," Sherlock said, linking arms with Jane unexpectedly and leading the way to the dark stairway near the back of the shop.
There had been one woman that wasn't as easily swayed, Molly Hooper, but that hadn't lasted long, after Sherlock's mother passed. Molly had clung to the hope that their shared interests in science and the internal workings of the human body would change his mind. No matter how many blank stares and cold shoulders he gave, she continued to look at him with such fondness as to embarrass anyone in their right mind.
And no, it wasn't a question. John had made the mistake of rolling the pen towards Sherlock's hand earlier that morning when the man had needed it. And, Christ, it hadn't been out of kindness or a liking for the man, it had been out of sheer need. He NEEDED Sherlock to bloody shut up and the man was saying the word 'biro' over and over again while doing a shite job of actually looking for one. John honestly thought he'd attempt to jump out the window if it went on any longer.
John couldn't help but smile at the whole strangeness of the situation. "Well, if you wouldn't mind-"
John didn't respond, convinced he'd fallen asleep. He might have done but was con ions enough to finish the thought a few seconds later.
"You don't have to lie to me," Sherlock said looking over his shoulder. "I won't take you in for gross indecency."
John felt he should protest, something in him saying it would be gentlemanly, but he was too tired. He picked up one of the paper petals and meant to mock it, instead he found himself giggling. Sherlock's low chuckle joined his and they were soon laughing loudly at their surroundings. The bloody Valentine's Day suite.
"Actually," Sherlock admitted, sagging back against the countertop, "I think the experiment has rather run its course. I suppose it could go."
John sighed in his sleep and Sherlock rolled onto his back to watch the ceiling, content to do so until the sun rose.
William pulled in a deep breath, nostrils flaring, and removed his blazer. He rolled up both sleeves and hopped down to start pacing, already going into nicotine percentages and rattling off numbers John couldn't keep up with. The thing was, he looked different. It wasn't just fevered actions, his movements became purposeful, fluid again. John swore the air around them changed in those moments, and he was once again in for the show of his life.
"Would you like me to introduce you? He's usually down with the lot of us in the cafeteria at lunch," she said, the thought of Sherlock clumsily flirting easing the bit of jealousy that flared up.
John, because he did, but rather that he liked him a bit too much. He could see John pushing his way into his life. He could imagine John nagging him to clean the house, could imagine staying in bed late into the afternoon on the weekends and reading the paper together, he could imagine John across from him at the kitchen table, licking marmalade from his fingers. He could imagine all that perfectly, and then he could see it all going to shit.
The bartender's deep olive eyes grew hungry and he threw the glass he'd been cleaning to the ground, letting it smash behind him as he leaned in to cup her bountiful breast.
The next night, when John saw the man walking from across the campus grounds towards the coffee shop he groaned and turned to his coworker. "Do you know this guy?"
John snatched the pencil from the floor and tapped it to try to communicate his need. When Sherlock didn't understand, he mimed writing. That did it, and Sherlock smiled in understanding. A pad of paper was placed on the floor, under the pencil. John wrote quickly, even as the telly played on behind them.
The club was dark, lights pulled down low to encourage intimacy. The walls were a deep red and covered in photos of musicians, many of them smiling raucously. Sherlock ran his fingers along the wall just below them as they were shown to a table near the front, trying to memorize each face, jealous of their openness.
Sherlock settled with John's soft attention and they were soon brought back to kissing. It was slow and loving as John ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair. When he started giggling into Sherlock's mouth, the genius drew back to look at him questioningly, face mottled and streaked with tears.
The second time had been a year and a half prior. He didn't mean to OD, but it was before he checked the purity of his drugs, so it was bound to happen. He'd only got halfway out of his body that time. He stared down at it as he floated, and then vomited and was pulled back in.
When he remembered his interaction with Sherlock on the front step of the bloody vicarage, he had to grab the edge of the basin.
"That was amazing. Just...brilliant. I just...your voice seems familiar, have we met?" John asked, relaxing again.
“A normal sibling relationship? I couldn’t ask you for that, brother-dear. But if I could just have you remind me where you were a year ago around this time?” Mycroft asked smoothly, getting to the quick of it right away.
He'd realised partway through making the video that he had fallen for Sarah. That wasn't a small thing. John, truth be told, had never fallen for a woman before. He had only really been in love once. It was in uni, during his residency.
I tried to make small talk but he's apparently above all that. It was a boring day and I might as well have been sitting there on my own.
Sherlock nodded, face serious and with what he hoped would be perceived as understanding. "But you were in love with him."
"So you...weren't upset that I interrupted your meeting last week?" Sherlock asked, bottom lip wobbling.
It wasn't even a matter of 'he THINKS he's better than you,' no, it was definitive. He couldn't even lie to himself about it, his son was smarter than him. Smarter, and, as was becoming clear, kinder and more handsome. The handsomeness would have been fine if John had just been what he was meant to be; a cookie cutter version of Jack.
Greg thrust up into the tight, leather clad fist and let himself get lost in the drag of it. "Christ, that's good."
Sherlock was shocked by how John managed to suck the air out of the room, and stumbled into his explanation, sounding breathy and weak, which was horrifying. "I was in the morgue. I was with Molly, doctor Hooper. I didn't think I would-"
Jane pulled her hand into her lap and shook her head, letting it lay there as she got out a new one. “You have to stop messing with it, or it won’t heal.”
"You were prettier before you opened your mouth," the woman said, causing them both to chuckle. She took the gloves she'd been wearing off and walked around the table to hold her hand out to Jane. "I'm Sherlock."
John had expected some kind of protest, some quick witted response or insistence that he wasn't a child. What he got instead was a lap full of consulting detective and an angry cabbie.
John wheeled Sherlock back out of the way and they waited there, side by side, for Lestrade to finish.
“I need an assistant. I would be able to pay you a bit under the table and can offer you the room upstairs for half rent. If we both go in on utilities, it won’t be bad at all. You could well afford it with your pension, and you wouldn’t have to live alone,” Sherlock explained.
John didn't catch it and instead went about putting away the blanket and picnic basket and bringing the remnants of their lunch to the kitchen.
He never thought of himself as someone that would pay for sex, but now he found himself suddenly in what felt like the gritty underbelly of London with a man he was sure was the most popular male prostitute walking the streets. How easily he was given information on a detective inspector, how openly. And Sherlock, Sherlock was obviously more expensive than he'd let on, because if he was buggering a DI he had to be.
Sherlock grinned and went to hail a cab, walking backwards to shout back at John. "You disagree, but with a smile! I'll wear you down yet, John!"
Lestrade sighed and set down the last bit of his donut. He cleaned his fingers and mouth and crossed his arms, readying himself for what was next.
"Maybe I should take you up on the matchmaking," John said, feeling more than a little like getting a leg over and knowing there was really no other feasible option.
Partway to the Yard, the skies broke and rain started to fall. It was rush hour, and even Sherlock couldn't seem to get a cab. By the time he made it to the front of the building his hair was soaked. He shook his whole body in an attempt to dry off, walked in, looking very much the wet kitten, and scowled at each glance he got.
He'd hated this process when he'd had to begin it, sure that God had cursed him in particular when he'd turned thirty and found himself getting spots like he never had as a teenager. Now he gave into it freely, letting the water rinse off the soap and drying his face before applying his weekly cleansing mask. He turned his nose up at the menthol scent and rubbed it in circles until it covered the whole of his face, then went to sit in bed.
Sherlock grumbled and watched him go. He should have known he wouldn't be off the hook just by the talent of his mouth. John was just as stubborn as he was.
"Yeah, meant so much you didn't want to even see me," John said with a sneer. Because, of course, no one would really love him. Of course he wouldn't be enough.
"I've got something for you, something I think you'll quite like. Can't right now, though, on the way to work. How about I pop by tonight? Seven-ish?" Lestrade said, shifting his bag to his other shoulder.
"I've got some news," Greg said, slipping his jacket off and settling in the seat closest to the fan.
That somehow made something in John's chest clench painfully. He wanted Sherlock's smile again. His lips.
"You're...sticking around?" John asked, reaching to the floor for his pants and standing on shaky legs.
"Well," John answered, knowing exactly what he needed to say to turn things around, "I suppose the story of Dread Pirate Roberts would be too boring for you, then. Guess I'll just read it myself."
Sherlock moaned where his lips touched skin and started to unzip John's flies and pull at his trousers. John lifted his bum and let the man wrench them and his pants down his legs, toes going to clumsily push off his shoes and socks so his legs would come untangled from the mess of material. He slumped back on the bed and tossed his shirt and jacket aside and watched as Sherlock drew back and started to strip.
Jane paused at that. Sherlock, that would make her Sherlock Holmes. In all honesty, she'd imagined some grizzled ex reporter when she had seen the name in print. Sherlock wasn't old enough to be grizzled, and barely looked old enough to be a TA.
Greg always felt especially close to him after sex, when Mycroft would let his guard down and allow Greg to hold him. He was fine with it, really, because he knew no one else got to see that side of Mycroft, was sure no one else ever had.
He gathered himself together a bit and went to the cabinets above the sink. "God, he's, he's just awful with that thing, God. God. God, I need a drink."
Sherlock was immediately drawn to his cock. It stood, jutting out from a thatch of dark blond hair, and Sherlock found himself touching it. He ran his fingers up it, encircling the shaft loosely and causing John to buck his hips. He giggled, honest to God, giggled, and John huffed out a laugh as well.
John woke first, humming and nosing at the back of Sherlock's neck even before he was cognizant enough to realize he had the man in his bed. He sought out the warmth and newly familiar scent and pressed into it, is all. It felt good. He felt truly happy for the first time in years.
"There's nothing to eat in the fridge," Sherlock said as he brought down the tea and found two mugs. "I was thinking we should go out for breakfast."
They sat at the small table, fingers dangerously close together but for the small candle between them, and were asked for their order.
Sherlock pressed a finger to John's perineum and felt his prick twitch, he made an educated guess and rubbed hard. John growled and started to come into his mouth, hand tensing and then loosening in his hair. Sherlock sucked it all down and rolled his bollocks in his palm until John leaned against the door and let go of his hair.
Shock, horror, confusion. Usually a comment or two about some way Sherlock had swindled that particular person in the past.
"Oh, oh, uh, sorry. That must be-" Greg tried, face twisted in sudden understanding. It had never occurred to him that Sherlock might be interested in a romantic...well, in any relationship. He knew how difficult it was for Sherlock to deal with normal people on a day to day basis, kind of made sense that he'd be a maelstrom when dealing with someone he cared for. The past few months were more understandable through this new lens.
John had, at least, the peace of mind to look slightly guilty at that and Sherlock delighted in the discomfort for a moment before nudging him with his toe to continue.
He was starting to wonder, after the leaf had been pulled from his hair earlier that day, if the spirit had given up completely.
"What was he on about? The street sign thing," Jane said letting her legs fall akimbo as she actually began to relax herself. Which was strange, as she rarely was able to relax around anyone. She wondered on that while Sherlock took a long breath, and figured it was because the woman's eyes were again closed and her face was pointed towards the ceiling.
TRIGGER WARNING: The second to last paragraph, the one that starts with 'Yesterday', contains VIVID description of a serious, fatal accident. If you don't want to read it, all you have to know about it will be in a note at the end. If you skip the paragraph you won't miss the meaning.
It was actually a little off putting how much he was turned on by the man. He wasn't meant to be anything but apprehensive with sharp objects in the vicinity of so much soft tissue but all he could think of was what was under the unassuming clothes the doctor was wearing.
Instead of thinking on that he walked into the loo and turned the water in the sink on hot, clipping his fringe up and out of his face as steam covered the mirror. He turned the cold tap until the water wasn't viciously hot and scrubbed his face with a small washcloth and his own bar soap.
"You can afford me," Sherlock interrupted, sitting back and letting his legs fall open on pretense, "just barely." And he could see that it was true now that he was in the cab. There would be no pretty house at the end of this ride, no garden. Pity.
John seemed to see the moment that he'd been touching Sherlock too long, but he didn't back away. Instead, he knelt awkwardly at Sherlock's feet, hand dropping to one arm of the chair. He licked his lips, eyebrows furrowed, and shifted a bit on his knees. The moment pulled around Sherlock's shoulders and he slumped forward slightly, knowing what his lips, and teeth, and tongue, wanted.
By the time they made it back to the vicarage, it was seven o'clock and Mrs Hudson was wringing her hands. She bustled out to the front hall as Merrick made it up the path, and wiped her hands nervously on her apron.
John's lips curled and he ran a hand through his hair, opening his rucksack and pulling out his laptop.
This was the part he knew Sherlock loved, the anguished waiting, the soft touch that wasn't at all what he wanted. The tease.
I was wondering if you'd like me to send you a video. One of the lads has a recorder and they've been acting out music videos and posting them on the web. I promise not to send you any Britney Spears inspired content, as I'm sure you would have a coronary, and as I'm not there to save your life.
Lilly drank down another whiskey sour as the bartender, a handsome Japanese man, cleaned a glass in front of her. She was close to drunk, just how she liked to be.
And, oh, Sherlock should have ordered more. He saw now that John was nervous. Perhaps he wasn't sure that Sherlock wanted to be there at all.
"Why wouldn't I?" John asked, trying to cover the fact that he wasn't sure why he wanted to in the first place with verbal surety.
And now, John had touched his neck and whispered close enough that he felt it on his skin, and called him soft. God, he felt so soft. Felt light and airy and buttery soft when John was around, felt he could float away at the right word.
That really did it. John forced himself to take a step back, unable to be that close to someone speaking his name so seductively, whether in response to the macabre or not.
"So the Detective Inspector I met today isn't having sex with you for money?" John asked, going back to laughing.
John felt less awkward about reading some of Sherlock's book the night before. "Oh, yeah? That's good."
John stared daggers at Sherlock, and when the genius simply thrust his hips, he spun him by those blasted things and pressed him face first into the bleeding wallpaper.
Sherlock felt as though he was going to be sick as he finally took the bull by the horns. "I'm a dog that's learned to hold a biro in its mouth."
They made it half a block before Sherlock led them into an alley and stopped abruptly, turning that megawatt smile on Jane like a weapon. When she saw Jane's face, it fell, obvious guilt taking its place.
"Well, obviously you're in a poor mood. Have you finished the books I brought? Is that it? I can get more," Sherlock said, walking aimlessly and looking about.
John looked up at him and smiled. "Only a few. House cats were the carrier in both. You don't really see people catching it from contaminated water, because the people out hiking aren't usually immunocompromised."
Sherlock read on, enthralled by the honesty. No matter how awful John's first letter had been, his descriptions of injury and local plant life outshone several authors Sherlock had read on the subjects. He could almost close his eyes and smell the copper tinged sand, imagine the scrub and determined flora.
John scowled at him as he left, and then, for some unknown reason, wished he would come back. Odd, that.
"Shit," John cursed, head falling forward and hand going to his brow. "It's at the bedsit. Is there time to stop by?"
Sherlock smiled and leaned in, speaking just loudly enough to be heard over the pounding rain. “I have what you need. I enjoy your presence. What more is there to know?”
John thought he saw something in her eyes at the last bit, something he couldn't quite parse, but didn't speak on it. "I'm going to go meet D.I. Lestrade for a pint. I know you've just been, but do you need anything from town."
The two of them ended up in a sweaty, salty, objectively disgusting, embrace. It took several minutes for either of them to move, and when they did it was to climb into the shower and continue where they'd left off; wrapped in each other's arms.
“Bloody. Fuck. Shite. Bastard,” the usual litany of curses that preceded the magic words, and then a deep breath before he said them in a choked off whisper: “You’re in God’s hands now.”
John hummed and smiled at him, raising his eyebrows sympathetically. "Good day sitting around doing nothing?"
For a second Sherlock thought he was about to be the next victim of one of John's sound left hooks, then John smiled.
"John Watson," Sherlock murmured, mouth quirking on one side and hand tightening. He turned the dentist's hand and looked at his wrist carefully. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
'I'm really sorry about the misunderstanding. Would you like to talk here? I can answer your questions. Well, some of them.
Greg cleared his throat. "They're good for each other. And now he'll have John protecting him tonight."
William nodded and put a stupid amount of sugar in his tea, not looking up as John passed the milk and wiggling his fingers as some sort of homing beacon. John pressed the half empty carton into his hands after using it, and waited for him to pass over the sugar.
Greg was already asleep. Mycroft smiled softly and went to get a flannel wet to clean him up a bit. Greg whined and pulled him into an embrace once he was back in bed and Mycroft fell asleep in his arms.
John stood for a moment, Merrick panting up at him, before removing his jacket and making his way in the direction of the pub, limp back in full force.
He went back to the story and attempted to ignore his erection. Instead of reading on he checked the publish date, just earlier that same day, and scrolled down to see what sort of comments people were leaving. Perhaps he wasn't the only one who found such an interaction embarrassing to watch.
John laughed too and they melted back into an embrace, John kissing Sherlock gently, pulling at his bottom lip with his teeth.
Sherlock pulled at his hair and kissed along his neck, breath hot and ragged against John's skin, and started picking at the buttons of John's pyjama shirt. John pushed him back and yanked it over his head, grinning as Sherlock wrestled his own shirt off and sat back, breathing roughly and nearly glowing.
It was something he thought on often; when the urges arose, when the companionship of a loyal hound wasn't enough and he longed for a body in his bed, a male body.
He clicked on, making his way through the second, and then third chapter. He was surprised to find that there was actually a story between the two characters. At the end of the fourth chapter, the two men laying in bed after a shag that left Sherlock running to the loo for a quick intermission, Sherlock found himself scrolling down and clicking in the comment box.
