Dean frowns down at him.  “You ‘know I don’t’ what?”
“What about you?”
“You might be in luck,” she says as they dock the boat.  “He went upstream to check if there was anything interfering with the source of the river last night.  He was supposed to come back to let us know what he found.  I don’t think he’s checked back in, yet.”
Asa waves him down.  “If you can, invite your mother as well.  There are some things I never got a chance to tell her that I think she needs to hear.”
“Nah, man,” Dean says, shaking his head.  “The honor was all ours.  You’re a legend...were a legend?”  Asa laughs so Dean figures he isn’t too offended.  “This whole being dead thing makes it a little complicated," he explains.
"It's a part of Heaven," Jack muses, "and not at the same time.  Weird."
A laugh forces its way out of Dean.  “Something like that.”
“It fused many of the angels and demons with the Empty’s essence.  Jumbled them all together.”  From the corner of his eye, Dean can see Jack twist his hands fretfully.  “That’s what’s making it so hard to heal Cas.  I have to be careful I don’t cut into
He can feel the kid smile against his shoulder as Jack returns the hug.  "Good to see you, too," he says when they pull away from each other.
"I guess not."  Dean rubs a hand across the back of his neck
“Dean, don’t worry.  I’m not looking for any sort of commitment here.  Or reenactment.”
"But that's not as fun," Jack pouts.
It’s Cas’s turn to touch Dean.  He gently rests his fingertips on Dean’s chest.  “There was nothing you could have done.  There was no way for you to gain access to the Empty and the ritual that Nick used to summon Lucifer was lost with him.  Only divine intervention could have saved me.”  Tears are starting to run down Cas’s face.  “Only Jack could have pulled me out.”
“Thanks kid.”  Dean grins.
It feels like an eternity, but is probably less than ten minutes, when Cas starts to stir.  His eyelids flicker and he emits a soft moan.
He tries to back up, uncomfortable with the proximity, but the side of the car prevents him from going anywhere.  “Oh, no, that wasn’t me.  Cas was the one that realized what happened to all of you.”
He tilts his glass at his brother making a popping sound with his tongue.  “Yahtzee.”
He hides a grin behind a last mouthful of egg and presses his knee against Cas’s again.  He tries not to feel too hurt when Cas pulls away.  He deserves it for being a dick about the angel’s family.
It makes Dean want to scream and punch something.  All he wants to do is tell the angel that he loves him, that Dean wants him stay with him forever, and can they live happily ever after with a side of monster-hunting now, please?
“Dean!”  Cas runs his hands over him, eyes wide with fear.
He watches as Cas’s hands curl and uncurl and then the angel stands up, pulling himself to his full height.  It’s a tick that Cas has very rarely displayed in the past, usually before he says something that he recognizes will be uncomfortable for both parties.  Dean stands as well, watching Cas’s face carefully.   The angel’s face is almost perfectly blank.  It reminds Dean of before he’d gotten to know Cas.  It makes something in his chest ache.  He’d never wanted to see the angel’s face like that again.
Dean is frozen in horror.  It wasn’t that he hadn’t believed Cas when the angel said that his brethren were trapped within the twisted dark masses, but seeing it was something else.  He does the only thing he can think of.  “Jack!  We got a situation here that you might want to look in on.  Now.”
Dean’s heart is racing.  His palms start to sweat as his mind runs through all the what-ifs. If what Sam said is true, then maybe there is hope.  Maybe Castiel still loves him.  Maybe Cas didn’t hold a grudge against him for being stuck in the Empty.  And maybe…
Immediately, the angel’s face goes from soft to alarmed and he shoots up into a sitting position.  “You can’t be here,” he says before listing to one side.
Sam follows him to the car and gets in the passenger side as Dean starts the car.  “Bobby looking happy.  Weird."
"Could hear you," Cas replies, and then tilts his head up for a kiss.  When he pulls back, his eyes are dark and serious.  "Something about a home?"
He keeps fucking into Cas, hard and fast, chasing his release.  He needs to come.  Needs the moment of blankness that orgasm provides.  Where nothing exists except for that release of built-up tension at the base of his spine and deep in his belly.
“So, Jack thinks he can help restore the angels that are trapped under the black mass?”  His mom is unpacking groceries from her and Eileen’s trip.  Dean is still getting used to Heaven having
There is something hesitant in Cas' voice when he asks his next question.  "Do you have any ideas of the things you would want in your home?"
“Sammy, drop it.”
It isn't long before Dean can no longer stand the silence and feels the need to break it.  "Find anything interesting?"
He’s crouching over the trembling form, reaching out to touch the angel’s shoulder, when a gravelly voice says, “don’t.”
Cas still looks like he’s covered in greasy smears.  Luckily, Jack’s prediction seems to be holding true and it’s not rubbing off on anything else.
“Jack brought you home.”  Dean says, when the angel still seems to have trouble figuring out what he’s doing back in the house.
.  Before he knows it, he on his knees at Cas’s feet, his hands settling over the angel’s on his knees.  “Yeah, Cas,” he says, his voice thick with emotion.  “It would be bad.”  He uses a finger to nudge his chin up, forcing the angel to look him in the eyes.  “Every time I thought I lost you, I couldn’t handle it.  I felt empty- lost- without you.”
Dean stares at him.  “What?”  He can barely get the word past his lips.
here?”
He’s thinking about leaning in to study those eyes from up close, but he shakes his head instead.  Now isn’t the time for that.  They have hybrid Empty nightmares to deal with.  Apparently, that’s a thing now.  “I’m fine, Cas.”
In answer, Dean makes his way to the driver’s seat and starts the car.  They make quick work of loading Baby onto the ferry and securing her to the deck, so that she doesn’t roll around from the slight rocking as they cross the river.
He looks up into Mary's concerned, blue eyes.  He feels the tension bleed from his body.  “Hey, Mom,” he says, smiling weakly.  “It’s good to see you.”  He pulls her into a hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anna turns to look at Cas first, who still has his blade in hand, but slightly lowered.  He nods.  She turns back to Jack.  “
The Impala had probably come the closest to being his home.  It was there he'd learned that home was his brother and the time they spent together.  And for a long time, that had been enough.  But then Sam had left, his dad hadn't even really ever been around in the first place, and Dean had been on his own.
Soon, Cas gets impatient enough to tug at Dean's shirt again.  "Off," the angel demands simply.
Dean smirks.  "I intend to."  And with that, he's getting into Baby and turning the engine over.  'Nightrain' is already playing over the speakers.  He gives the stereo an odd look before deciding to leave it and swinging the steering wheel around, heading north towards clear blue skies.
“Hey,” he grins.  “You’re looking much better than the last time I saw you.”
“Right, yeah.”  He runs a hand through his hair.  “Cas...Jack wasn’t able to pull him from the Empty right away.  It took time.”
Cas smiles at him, small and full affection.  “Something like that.  I didn’t realize what the emotion was, however, until I became human.”
He pushes himself up onto all fours above Cas.  The angel's legs are spread over his thighs, one leg is pressed up against the seat while the other trails off onto the floor.  At some point his shirt has ridden up enough to reveal a strip of pale skin and a narrow trail of dark hair.
Cas nods.  “Okay.  I understand.”
Songs this chapter: In the Air Tonight- Phil Collins, You Make My Dreams Come True- Hall and Oates, Sexual Healing- Marvin Gaye
“They’re my sisters and brothers, Dean!”  Cas shoots up from the table, chair falling back from the force of gesture.  “And they’re in pain.  Is it really that wrong that I want to try and save them?”
“Woah! Hey,” Dean steadies him with a hand to his shoulder.  “You’re alright.  I got you.”  Dean is really worried now.  There is no way a newly mojo-upped Cas should be this out of it.  “What happened, Cas?”
It makes a horrendous noise at being hit, dark bubbles forming around the cut.  And then the shifting black mass separates to reveal red hair and pale skin as a distorted face pulls itself free.  “
Dean’s heart pounds at the sound of his name said in that rough voice.  His palms sweat and he’s forgotten what he wanted to say.  He knows he wants to yell at Cas for disappearing on him.  Shout at him until the angel understands that he shouldn’t leave Dean ever again.  Tell him its not okay to confess his love and then die, leaving Dean to pick up the pieces of his broken heart, but for some reason the words don’t come.  He just stares.
Jack rubs his hands on his thighs, a sure sign he's uncomfortable with the subject he's about to bring up.  "He thinks he's an inconvenience."
(See the end of the chapter for
Song I imagined Baby picking is Wanted Dead Or Alive- Bon Jovi
He swallows as the one thing he’d been very carefully not been thinking about surfaces.  Cas had said that he loved him.  And while a part of Dean hopes that is still true, he has to accept that Cas might have changed his mind after being left for dead.  Again.  After having been used by the brothers, and Dean especially, time and time again with neither of them expressing how much the angel meant to them.
The family gratefully piles in, the parents yelling at another straggler nearby to hurry up.  Once everyone is in, Dean takes off.  A moment later, in the rearview mirror, he watches as the water crashes through the area where the houses are.  Annie was right, it’s not like a wave, exactly.  It’s like one moment there isn’t any water and the next there is; like a badly rendered screen in a game.
The angel's eyes are still closed, kiss-bruised mouth slightly open.  It makes a subtle heat stir low in Dean's belly.  "Yes, Dean?"
When he wakes, it's to his name being called.
He leans close to the angel’s ear.  “Shh.  Just enjoy the movie.”
"Now here we go again" song is Dreams by Fleetwood Mac.
Cas sits up as well and glances over the back seat.  “She loves you very much.”  He says it like it’s obvious and he’s judging Dean for not being sensitive to Baby’s affections.
He stumbles downstairs, Cas following more gracefully after.  It seems the sleep did the angel some good.  He's more alert and looks less on the verge of death, though he still has bags under his eyes and cuts that still leak tiny wisps of grace.
“Everything alright, Sammy?”
He looks up ahead and can see where the thick cloud cover is breaking.  "C'mon, Baby,” he mutters to the car.  "You can do this."  Dean forces himself not to push the gas pedal harder.  It would just eat up what he has left faster.
At the mention of food, Dean's stomach rumbles.  Cas lets out an amused huff, one side of his mouth curled slightly up.
Dean picks up the pace, slamming into the angel hard enough now that the table is rocking with his efforts.  Cas is still gripping the edge of it, knuckles white, his head thrown far enough back that Dean can't see his expression.
Guilt claws at him.
Dean scowls at his beer.  “That idiot.”
And Dean’s heart
When he comes back to the bedroom, Cas is already under the covers and looks near to sleeping.  Dean climbs onto his side of the bed and pulls the angel to him, coaxing him against Dean’s side.  He wraps one arm tight around Castiel and lays a hand over the one the angel has on his chest.  Dean falls asleep rather quickly after that.
When he finally gets out of bed, he notes that he’s in sleep pants and a T-shirt, like he normally wears when he’s somewhere he feels safe and comfortable.  He makes his way through the house and down to the kitchen on the barest hints of memory alone.
Cas looks good in his clothes and he has to look away before he does something stupid like grab the stupid son of a bitch and kiss his stupid face.  Dean wants to do things right.  They need to talk first.  There's so much between them that needs to be said before anything can happen.  At least, that's what Dean tells himself as they climb into bed together.
Cas does and an awkward silence descends around the table.
From what Dean can tell, he thinks they're winning.  Now that Jack has joined the fray, the ominous cloud cover has stopped advancing, but it hasn't receded either.
.  Apparently, Cas and Jack decided that Heaven should really just be Earth+.  Not that he’s complaining, exactly, but it still amuses him.  They even have extra special monsters to fight.
“Cas?”
"Might hurt a little. Sorry," Dean grunts and then slips in a finger to the first knuckle.  It's tight and the spit is barely enough to ease the intrusion, but Cas says nothing.  He doesn't even flinch.
The smile Jack gives him is the brightest he’s ever seen.  “Thank you, Dean.”
The song the Impala plays to Dean at the end is The Unforgiven- Metallica
He immediately looks down, contrite.  “Sorry.”
“Hey, Cas.  You look like shit.”  Dean looks at Jack.  “Can’t you heal him?”
After a few moments, he calms down and leans back into Cas, still smilingly widely.  “No, Cas,” he tells the frowning angel.  “It’s not a euphemism.”  He kisses him, again, because it’s hard not to when Cas looks at him like that- a cross between cranky and confused, and somehow still adorable- and because he doesn’t want to stop himself from doing so anymore.  He has plenty of years behind him of not kissing the angel when he wished he could; he’s not going to keep making that mistake.
Cas shakes his head, rubbing a hand over his eyes.  “It’s the Empty.”
"Dean?"
Dean startles awake to a tapping on the car window and reflexively grabs for a gun that isn’t there.  He squints around blearily in the early morning light until he locates the source of the noise.  His eyes widen in disbelief at the woman grinning down at him from behind the glass.
Having now given himself permission to do so, along with Cas's lack of protest, he starts touching the angel more firmly.  He runs his hands down over the well-defined torso and back up again, under his shirt, reveling in the feel of soft skin in counterpoint to the coarse hair of his chest.  He rucks the shirt up until dusky nipples are revealed and then leans down to lick at one of them.
Ellen grins up at him.  “You think you can just die and not get a ‘welcome to Heaven’ party?”  She holds up a glass of amber-colored liquid.  “Drink up.  And then go find your mom.  She misses you.”  She leaves him to go back behind the bar, pulling a beer into a pint glass for Rufus.
Cas still doesn’t look up at him.  “I was just trying to be useful.”
Dean throws his head back and laughs.  He’s in Heaven, he has Cas in his arms, and they might just be able to save some angels.  Dean can’t remember the last time he’d felt so happy.
"Dean," Cas sits up in one smooth movement, like it's no effort at all to go from one position to another.  It makes Dean’s mouth a little dry.  "I-"
Cas frowns at him, not taking the bait.  Dean hadn't really thought he would.  "It must have been more serious than that or I wouldn't have heard it."
He cups his hand back over Cas’s cheek.  “I’m here now, anyway.  With you.”  He threads the fingers of his other hand through Cas’s hair and stares into those deep blue eyes.  “And honestly?  There’s no other place I’d rather be.”
He’s about to ask her for more information but is interrupted by a great clanging.  Annie whips around to look upriver, alarmed.  “Shit!  We don’t have much time.  The river is surging!”
Cas covers Dean’s hand with his own.  “Dean…”
Dean swallows past the lump in his throat.  “Yeah, I do.  Now if only the dumbass would let me say it.”
After dinner, the entire family piles into the living room for a movie night.  They bicker over what to watch, but eventually settle on the last Thor movie that had come out before Dean’s death.  He’s only slightly disappointed- his vote had been the Dark Knight- but Cas is settled comfortably against him on one end of the wraparound sectional, while his brother and Eileen take up the other.  His mother and father are on the love seat across from them.  They turn on the subtitles for Eileen and settle in to watch.
Dean finds a seat on the stool next to his brother.  “How much time?”
A permanent residence where he could wake up in the same bed every morning with the same person.  They’d have a room with a view of the mountains and a lake.  And his family would be close by, or at least would visit often, and everyone would be
"No, you don't," Dean smiles fondly.
Eventually, he runs out of steam and leans forward into the tree instead, breathing heavily.  Hot tears of frustration squeeze out from behind his tightly closed eyelids.  A few moments later, he feels someone approach.
“Cas, I don’t think-”
“He’s gone,” Dean spits.
Dean claps a hand on Jack’s shoulder.  “You couldn’t have known something like this would happen, kid.  And it’s not like you went to the Empty by choice, either.”
Cas looks off to the side.  "Would it be… I could, if you wanted, take on a different form?"  His eyes dart to Dean's face before quickly looking away again.  "Maybe you'd find...something else… pleasing?"
"Not hesitant, Cas.  I'm savoring the moment.  And I want to make sure it's good for you."  He grins down at the angel.  "Okay?"
“Yeah, well, I’m ending it.”  He can hear music coming from the bar as he gets out of the car.  Led Zeppelin, if he’s not mistaken, and he never is when it comes to the greats.
“What did you do?”  Dean asks.
Asa grins.  “Yeah?  I feel like I should be honored.  Having two such distinguished hunters there to light my pyre.”
It’s getting late by the time the movie finishes.  Cas is starting lean more heavily onto Dean.  He coaxes Cas to standing and, like he had the first night, leads Cas to his room.  He goes to the bathroom again to let Cas change.  Slow, he reminds himself.  They have all of eternity.  And, to be honest, Dean is enjoying this unhurried ease into intimacy.  Rarely has Dean had the chance to enjoy touch just for the sake of touching.
"Are you- do you-" Cas bites at his bottom lip, which is distracting in its own right, but something about the tone of the other's voice makes Dean pull back a little.
“I survived without you before, Cas.  But that’s all I was doing.  Surviving.”  Unconsciously, the finger he’d used to tilt Cas’s chin has become a hand on the angel’s cheek.  “I’m better, with you around.  I’m a better man when I have you with me.”
Dean laughs.  "Yeah, I guess so."
“Or it makes things much simpler.”  He gestures to the door of his house.  “Did you want to come in for a bit?”
Jesus, no wonder Cas didn’t want to see him in Heaven.  The man he loved had left him to rot in a blank, empty hell.  Dean wouldn’t want to see him either.
He rubs at the back of his neck with one hand, feeling the short hairs there bristle against his palm.  “Well, you see, it’s about the angel I asked you about earlier…”
“Yes,” Jack answers.  “I think I can help you.  But I need to do something first, and it will take some time.”  He stops less than two feet away.  “Can I touch you?”
He looks up into Cas's big, blue eyes and an idea crosses his mind.  He's up and across the room before he can stop himself.  He doesn't want to stop himself.  Not really.  Something has been simmering there, underneath the surface, for a while now.
The smile she gives him is a little sad, but full of understanding.  “I’m fine.  Go find Castiel.”  He gives her a nod, opening the car door.  "And Dean?"  He looks back up at her.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't know.  Can you tell him that?  Please?"
Cas has taken that as his cue to follow suit.  He smooths his hands up and down Dean's back a few times before delving under his shirt.  Cas's hands are smooth, hardly any calluses, with broad palms and long fingers.  They feel like heaven on Dean's skin.
"Cas, we just had the family discussion.  Don't make me repeat it."  He locks his gaze with the angel.  "It'll be nice, having you around."
It happens faster than he expects.  He's so focused on watching himself fuck the angel that the first hint he gets that Casl is coming is the feel of smooth muscles tightening around him.  Then he sees the thick white stripes painting the angel's stomach and then Dean's eyes are slamming closed as he comes, hips stuttering as he pushes as in far as he can, releasing deep into the body underneath him.  His mind goes blissfully blank.
“Hey!  Hey, okay,” he says as he squeezes them close before patting them on the back.  He can hear sniffling under the music, and it breaks his heart a little to see how much they missed him.
to come back.  He always does.
“Bullshit,” Dean retorts.  “He also said you’d been using your grace.  Grace that you don’t have to spare.”
"Wait, kid, what-"  But Jack is already gone, Dean assumes, into the dark gray cover.
“Find Jack!”  And then the angel is gone.
She smiles at him and turns back to Cas.  He catches Eileen giving them an approving smile as well, and he can’t but feel his grin widen.  He knows that once Sam finds out he’s going to get shit for all the things he’s said regarding relationships in the past, but he’s kind of looking forward to it as well.
Sam shrugs ruefully.  “I just got here myself.  You’ll have to ask Jack that.  Even better,” he smirks, “ask Cas.”
At this point, Dean will take anything he can get.  "A start?"
He parks the Impala by the walk, turns the car off, and stares at the house for a moment.  He’s not sure what to expect when he gets out of the car, or what he’s going to do, but he has a feeling he’s on to something with this place.  He gets out of the car and as he approaches the front door, a man steps out.  He’s vaguely familiar with dark brown hair and beard, a scar on his left cheek.
He didn't know how long he spent on that floor, ignoring his phone before reality returned to him.  Dean had wanted to ignore Sam so badly, had wanted to give up then and there, he knew he couldn’t.  Cas wouldn’t have wanted him to.
Dean prays again.
“Yes,” she replies, though she looks worried now.  “He was telling me before he left that he thinks he found the source of what’s causing problems across Heaven.  And it was definitely near where the river flows from.”
He can feel the waves of puzzlement coming from the angel.  "Why not?"  Castiel asks as he turns his head, grazing his lips over the top of Dean's ear.
It's that look on Cas' face that helps facilitate Dean's realization that Cas probably has worse self-esteem issues than Dean does that resolves him.  He's going to talk to Cas, properly, as soon as he can.  Preferably, right after breakfast.  They can take a drive out to that bridge where he met up with Sammy. They'll talk and figure out what they need to, and Dean will make sure that Cas knows that he’s wanted.  That Dean wants him here.  With him.
As he gets closer, he realizes that it's a person and rushes over to them, brushing the snow off and turning them over onto their back.  He freezes once he sees their face.  It can’t be, he thinks. It can’t be that simple.
Cas shakes his head.  “You know I don’t joke, Dean.  I swear it was Anna and she was calling for help.  However, these things were formed, it’s using angels to keep itself together.  If we can extract the angel from the dark material, we might be able to save them.”
“Oh, I intend to,” Dean mutters darkly into his last of his beer.  “I’m going to hunt that feather-brained little idiot down and shake him until his sense kicks in.  Maybe I’ll even tie him up for good measure.”
Please leave comments and/or kudos if you like what you've read!  Thank you!
He's just fucked his best friend.  Cas.  An angel.  For no reason than it was either that or go out and find someone else to do the same to and he hadn't wanted to subject some poor, hapless girl to that. He watches shamefully as Cas climbs down from the table and goes about cleaning himself up, mostly the human way, with an assist from his angel mojo here and there.
Dean wakes up late the next morning in his old bedroom.  For a moment, he wonders if he’s dreamed his entire life.  But then it all comes rushing back to him.  The hunt, the pain and pressure through his back, Bobby.  He’s dead and he’s in Heaven lying in a bed much bigger than his childhood one that had been in his childhood home.
"He's still injured," Jack says over him.  Dean looks at Sam and points, mouthing 'you' at his brother.  Sam just shrugs and grins.  "His wings took the most damage, so he really shouldn't try to fly.  I'd feel better if he could stay with you."  He's looking at Dean when he says it, something mischievous in his eyes.
He smiles back down at the angel and leans in closer.  “Oh?  What about you?”
Cas twirls his blade and stows it somewhere Dean can't see.  He doesn't even want to think about how that works considering Cas is only in jeans and a T-shirt.  "I see."
“Dean…”
Jack nods.  “It got into some of his wounds.  I healed what I could, but between the battle and closing the tear they came through…”
They stay seated on the couch for a time, holding hands and watching the Golden Girls.  After a while, Cas leans against Dean and falls asleep.  There’s more they need to talk about, Dean knows, but it can wait for a little while longer.
Dean goes to the railing and leans on it.  It's not long before he feels something shift behind him and he
Mostly because the potential has become the reality several times already.  And the opportunities have already been somewhat slim due to Cas flying around Heaven for long stretches of time to patrol for rogue shadow-angels.  In the last month since the tear between Heaven and the Empty had been stitched closed, Cas has already recovered several angels, including Uriel from the middle of the onion field down the road and Heaven’s cutest angel, Samandriel, along the river.
He grins at her.  “Thanks.”  He turns the key and Baby roars to life.  This time 'Back in Black' blares through the speakers.  Dean rolls down the windows, chucks a lazy peace sign out the window at Annie, and thunders away.
Soon, the kisses turn from sweet and gentle to wet and passionate.  Dean’s kissing his way down the side of Cas’s neck, fingers working their way under the angel’s shirt, when he hears his name being called.
It’s Dean’s turn to cook dinner that night and he commandeers Cas to help him in kitchen.  For vegetable chopping purposes, he says, but also because he likes having the angel close.  And, it’s also extremely convenient for pressing lips to dark, brown hair or a furrowed brow when Cas is concentrating on something.  The small, pleased look he gets every time is worth it when Sam eventually catches him and makes fun of him for it.
He watches Jack walks away for a few moments before turning back to Anna, wiping his hands on a rag.  “So, back to your ‘old self’?”
She smirks at him.  “It’s just so fun to tease you.  Do you want to tell me why you
“Cas,” Dean says, and this time, he doesn’t hesitate to grasp the angel’s shoulder.  “Anna and I don’t have a connection.  We never have.  Not like you and me.  Got it?”  Cas nods.
The tightly controlled fury that Dean’s been holding onto thrashes, wanting to explode.  He keeps his rein on it, barely, and fixes Cas with a dark look.  “He said you’d been flying.”
Dean judges it’s around noon when Jack stirs awake.  The air is warm again and he has his window cracked, but it’s getting a little stuffy with only the one.  He’d open it more, but he hates the weird pressure that comes from only having one window open.
Well, yes, he had.  At first because he only called for the angel when he needed something.  And later, because he never asked Cas to stay.  Not until the very end.  No wonder Cas never knew where he’d stood with Dean.  How much he means to Dean.
“No!”  Dean grabs his arm.  “Unless he needs immediate attention, let me go first.”
Asa gives him a look that somehow conveys confusion and amusement all at once.  “We’re in Heaven.  We ain’t got nothin’ but time.”
“Understood,” Dean nods and gets back into Baby.  He turns her on, and this time ‘Proud Mary’ is playing.  Again, he leaves it.  It’s as good a song as any, he supposes.
Bright, blue eyes look up at him.  “I appreciate that you wanted to do it in an environment where we would not be interrupted, but I assure you, it was unnecessary.  I would have come back.”
Before Dean knows, he’s closing the distance between and folding her into a hug.  “Thank you!”  He lets her go just as quickly as he’d grabbed her and heads for his car.
“It’s better than good, Sam,” Dean says, slapping his brother on his back.  “It’s awesome.  Now, let’s go find Mom.”
“Can I help you?” the man asks.
"Jesus, kid!  Some warning next time."
And Dean would talk to him when they go to bed, but Cas avoids that, too, by either dropping off on the couch early in the evening- in which case, Dean has to carry him to bed- or staying up so late that Dean falls asleep first.  Dean has even tried to ask him to go for a drive with him again, but the angel always has some excuse as to why he can’t.
want it."  Jack tilts his head in a familiar way, then adds, "I'm sorry about that, by the way.  I would have helped you if I could have."
Dean and Cas stare down at where Jack and Anna had been.  “Well, that’s great and all, but what about you?”  He looks over to Cas.  “You’re not finished healing.  You’re still leaking grace.”  He gestures to one of the visible cuts on Cas’s arm.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looks pleased, but still a little unsure.  "Oh, okay, you just seemed… hesitant?"
Jack just shakes his head.  "I don't know what he’s thinking, really.  I just know that ever since I got him free of the Empty, and he couldn't save you, he's been working nonstop on making Heaven the way he thought
But Cas had said it anyway.  And it felt so good to hear him say it.  For one, single second, Dean's heart rejoiced in knowing his feelings were returned.  And then, in the next second, Cas was saying goodbye and pushing him aside.  Dean had to watch that inky black swallow his best friend and he couldn’t do anything about it.  And then Sam had called and called and called while Dean wallowed in his grief at having watched Cas sacrifice himself with a smile on his face and tears streaming from his eyes.  He sat on that floor, curled into himself like he could block out what had just happened, whispering out a wet 'me too' at the empty room, knowing the one it was intended for would never hear it.
Nightfall sees them back at his parents’ house.  He sends Jack in first, then carefully crawls into the back to gently shake Cas awake.  The angel looks a little better, having slept the entire drive home, but he’s still obviously hurt.  And covered in goo.
Cas makes a soft noise that lands somewhere close to half way between pain and pleasure and throws his head back.  Dean pulls out and does it again, and again, and again.  Each time the noise Cas makes gets closer to pleasure.  His dick is hardening again, too, after having flagged from the rough fingering.
John sighs and leans back against his chair.  "Well, I guess it was getting kind of boring sitting around through perfect day after perfect day.  Could use some excitement around here."
And Dean can’t help himself.  He laughs, loud and deep, at Jack’s mournful tone.  For the first time since Death herself was pounding at the door to get to him and Cas, Dean has hope for the future.  He claps Jack on the shoulder, giving him a little shake, before letting him go.  “You did good, kid.”
“Not to be that guy, Cas, but most angels are dicks.  Present company excluded.”
“Yes, Dean.”
“I think what she means,” Jo says, picking up where Charlie left off as Charlie goes to hug Sam as well, “is that we’re glad to see you even if the circumstances are less than ideal.”
The angel talks right over him.  “Of course, I would never let this affect our friendship.”  Here the angel hesitates, looking unsure of himself.  “That is, if you still want to be friends.”
Soon, he's ripping off the angel's coat, nipping and biting at whatever available skin he can reach.  Cas kisses him back, hesitantly.  He helps get both of their clothes off and lets Dean maneuver him onto the nearest available flat surface, which happens to be a table.
Dean has never been more inappropriately turned on in his life.
Sam’s face goes soft at the admission.  “Aw, Dean, that’s so sweet,” he says before grinning widely.  “C’mere,” he says, reaching across the seat and making grabby hands.
He focuses back on Cas, whose tone had the quality of someone that had been calling his name for some time.  “Yeah?”
It's a good day, overall.  Dean and Bobby sit on the porch drinking beer and offering commentary on the match between Mary and John.  Eileen and Sam come back from their walk, disgustingly happy, and Dean can't help but glance at Cas, leaning casually against a pillar with a beer in hand, and wish for the same.
"It's good to see you, too," she replies then steps around him to hug Cas.  The angel looks startled but returns the hug anyway.  "I'm so glad you're okay."
At some point during his restless tossing and turning he must fall asleep, because the next thing he is aware of, is weak morning light filtering in through the Impala’s windows.  He sits up slowly, faintly aware that he should be hungry, having not eaten for the last two days, but not feeling like he needs to eat.  He still pulls his pack containing a bag of trail mix to him and munches on it as he sits in the backseat and contemplates his next moves.
He reaches what he thinks is the right place around nightfall.  There’s a wide river separating rolling green hills from the flat fields of the side he is currently on.  In the distance, he can see the glow of lights, indicating that there’s at least a few buildings grouped together to make up a small community.
But now, as he gazes down at the dark head of messy hair that's resting on his shoulder, he finds himself yearning for a home for himself for the first time since he was five.  A place to call his own with the angel he loves.  Where they can make their own routines and memories together.
Dean shrugs, struggling to remain calm.  “I guess he wasn’t as happy to see me as I had hoped.”  Even as he says the words a sort of hopeless frustration worms its way up out of him, and he walks to a near-by tree.  He stands in front of it for a moment before winding one hand back and punching the rough bark.  “Fuck!  Dammit, Cas!”  He keeps punching.  “I just want to talk to your dumb, feathery ass!”
Dean drops his hand to his shoulder instead, gripping tightly to both now.  “Do you blame me for not searching for you after the Empty took you?  For trying to live my life without you?”
Everyone goes their separate ways after breakfast.  Dean and Cas clean up since his mom and Sam cooked.  Sam and Eileen go for a walk.  Mary and John are out back, getting in some target practice. Apparently, ever since John learned that Mary had been a hunter, they'd been having weekly competitions on who the best shot is.  Mary is currently ahead by about twenty points, but John's military training keeps him in close contest.
“Okay, that’s it.”  He straightens up and glares over at the dash.  “Do you
Cas looks nervously off to the side.  “This is about my confession.  About Anna.  I know you two had a connection, before…”
Dean presses his lips against the top of his head, hiding a smile.  "Who says I was thinking about anything?"
Mary says they'll have to invite him over for dinner soon.  Maybe see who else is around and have a barbeque in their backyard.
Dean collects his share of the drinks and they make their way back to the table their parents have been waiting for them at.  “Yeah.  I’ll do that.”
He buries his face into the curve where the angel's neck meets his shoulder, gulping in deep breaths as he tries to hold still for a moment to let Cas adjust to the intrusion.  After a few moments, he hears the angel telling him to move, and he does.  He pulls back and thrusts in hard.
“…and I understand that you can’t return those feelings.  I was always aware of that.”  Cas is saying.
“I don’t know where you got the idea that I don’t want you around.”  He hesitates, and then backtracks.  “No, actually, I do.  I pushed you away when I wanted you close.  I never asked you to stay, not until the very end.”  He squeezes the shoulder in his grip.  “But I’ve never wanted you to leave.  Even when you’re being a giant pain in my ass, I’d rather have you here than not.”  Gently, he cups his other hand to Cas’s cheek.
He gives a desperate whine, too far gone to be embarrassed at the noise.  It's not enough.  He needs more.  "Cas…" he begs.
He comes back to himself, panting, forehead pressed against a sharp collarbone.  He pulls away slowly, groaning as he pulls out of Cas's lax body.  He stares, for a moment, at the mess he's made of the angel.  Come coats his belly and tangles in his dark pubic hair.  Dean's own contribution seeps out from the pink, puffy, twitching hole he's just fucked for one of the best orgasms he's ever had in his life.
The angel looks at him quizzically.  A pink flush has taken over the angel's face and run down his chest.  His legs are spread wide to accommodate Dean's bulk between them.  And Dean probably shouldn't find that so hot, but he does.  Cas is open and vulnerable and Dean can see
Cas looks horrified at the thought.  “No!  Of course not!  There was no way you could have known that Jack was having a difficult time getting me out.  Besides, I was prepared to stay there for all of eternity.”
He was dreaming, he thinks, of a fierce blue gaze.  Tasting full lips. Cradling all of that barely contained celestial power in his hands.  Worshiping someone the only way Dean knows how; with tongue, and teeth, and touch.
"Okay…" Dean's mind is already working on how he can use this information.  Obviously, Heaven is currently set up like Earth, but with some weird mojo that can make distances longer or shorter depending on the soul's intent.  He thinks that's how it works, at least.
The angel slumps in his seat, and Dean can’t help but rub a hand on his back, between his shoulder blades.  His mom shoots him a look, eyebrows raised, and he gives her a little one-armed shrug back.  He’s not ashamed, but things are still new, and he’s taking it slow.  He does not want to mess up his shot at true happiness with Cas.
"Yeah, yeah, laugh it up."  He looks back at Jack.  "Now, what's this about Cas staying?"
For a long moment, Jack studies him.  Whatever he sees there seems to forestall any more protest.  “He should be fine.  Just exhausted.  Head north.”
“Our Bobby?”
Jack is right.  Cas hasn’t gotten very far.  Dean’s been driving for less than fifteen minutes when he spots a crumpled form in an onion field and he instinctively knows it’s Cas.  He’s got the car over on the side of the road and is stumbling out of it before he even realizes that he’s moved.
Cas turns his head to look at him. "Interesting?"
Jack bites at his lip, fingers fidgeting restless before answering.  "Um, well, not as such."  He at least has the decency to look apologetic as he answers.
Dean reaches out and shakes Asa’s hand again.  “Thank you, man.  That’s a huge help.”  He heads to his car.  “I’ll definitely take you up on that invitation some other time.”
“Dammit, Cas!”  Dean explodes, rising from his seat to stand over the angel.  “You can’t keep doing this!  Putting yourself in danger.  Sacrificing yourself for others.  It needs to stop.  One day, you really will die, and we won’t be able to bring you back.”
When he comes back to himself, he realizes Annie is staring at him, amused.  “What was that all about?”  She asks.
"So, you here to help me find your father?"  Dean figures there's no point beating around the bush at this juncture.  If Jack is here, it's because he heard his prayer and knows what Dean is going to ask anyway.
Dean stares down at his angel in disbelief.  Cas can't possibly be offering what he thinks he is, is he?  "I- what?  No, Cas."  He lays a palm gently on Cas's stomach.  "Of course, I don't want that.  I like you just the way you are."
The angel is staring back at him stoically.  He doesn't blink, which Dean finds disturbing, but he can't help but feel a wave of fondness for such a tried and true Cas mannerism.
When he looks back at the cloud again, he thinks is looks lighter.  The shadows are appearing less and less.  The flashes of light have morphed from brief flashes to extended rays.  They remind Dean of when he watched Cas smite demons and he internally winces at the implication of it.
Cas’s skin feels cool to the touch and Dean is pretty sure that’s not a good sign.  Unsure of what to do, he prays to Jack.  When the kid doesn’t answer right away, Dean curses and begins going about trying to warm Cas up.  He chafes his skin over his clothes, hoping the friction will help.
Anna smiles at him.  “I feel much better.”  She looks at Jack.  “Thanks to Jack, I feel almost like my old self again.”
"Yeah," he croaks out, and then he’s in car and the Impala roars to life.  Metallica strains out from the speakers as he drives.  It’s not until he hears the chorus the first time that he realizes what song she’s playing to him.
“Dean!”  She hugs him back just as tightly.  “It’s good to see you!”
Thankfully, Annie just claps him on the shoulder and laughs.  “After you released me from being a ghost?”
He’s looking forward to a lot of things when it comes to Cas.
Dean’s smiling, pulling the angel closer, when he sees something over Cas’s shoulder.  Reacting on instinct, he grabs the angel and turns, rolling them both out of the way of a lunging shadow.
Jack nods.  “I know.  But it still feels like it’s my responsibility to fix it.”  He leans down and rests a hand on the inert form.  “I’ll be back in a few days,” he says and then vanishes.
Dean isn’t sure whether to be pleased or horrified.  He teases Sam about it instead.
Annie shakes her head regretfully.  “He just said he’d be back some time today to let us know either way.”  Her expression darkens.  “If he could get back.”
“Oh.”  And Dean knows that tone of voice.  That sympathetic tone that says
Behind him, in the rearview mirror, Jack waves.  "Good luck," he says, even though there is no one to hear him.
feel the same way.  I knew you cared.  A lot.  But love?  Like this?”  He shook his head.  “I had no idea.”
It causes his heart to flutter a little, when Cas says it.  Not that he'd admit it to anyone, if he was asked.  “Glad to hear it.”  He closes the distance between them.
The kid looks genuinely cut up about it.  Sam is the first one to speak.  "It's not your fault, Jack."
"Dean."
So, he had picked up the phone, called Sam back, and met him in that empty town.
The head on his shoulder moves, soft hair tickling his jaw as Cas shifts.  He cards the fingers of the hand not trapped underneath the angel through the dark strands.  "You awake?"  He rumbles softly.
“Woah, wait, Cas!”  Dean makes a desperate grab for the angel’s arm but misses and grasps empty air instead.
“I’m glad I could help.”  He looks to Dean.  “Where’s Cas?”
Cas closed Dean’s connection to him.  He heard Dean but won’t be answering his prayers any time soon.  For a few minutes, Dean allows the sadness to overtake him, but then it is quickly followed by anger.
Horrified, Dean realizes what he's looking at.  This...creature, is an amalgam of angel and Empty and demon.  The three facets are warring across its surface.  From the twisted features Dean can make out, it appears to be in constant pain.
"Yeah, when the person is sleeping and doesn't know you're there," Dean snorts.  "It's creepy."  And then winces.  That really wasn’t how he’d meant to start the conversation.
"Mm," Cas hums, sounding not quite cognizant.  "What were you thinking about?"
There’s another soft moan and then Cas’s eyes flicker open.  “Dean?”
There’s a brief, stunned moment where Castiel had been frozen and Dean began to doubt himself, before Cas pushes his whole being into the kiss.  Cas tilts his head and slots his lips against Dean’s like he was born to it.  Really, Dean shouldn’t be surprised at well Cas can kiss considering the show Cas had put on for him and Sam with Meg so long ago combined with his current personal experience.  The angel knew how to kiss.  Very well.
"What have I told you about staring at people when they sleep?"  Dean's voice is rough from just having awoken.
So no, Dean has not thought much about what kind of home he'd like to build for himself, if he were given the chance.  Except, he kind of has, but he’s never let himself dare dream that he could actually have it.
And then there's a sensation of burning, like he's standing too close to the sun, and he's opening his eyes to Cas standing in front of him, faintly glowing.  Huge, black wings that gleam like an oil spill unfold from his back, flared protectively in front of Dean.
Digging the Impala out of the snowbank is easier than he expected.  The snow is light and moves easily.  Still, it takes precious time and clings to him in a way natural snow has never done.  Every so often, he catches flashes of light through the thick cloud cover and something about them urges Dean to move faster.
“No.  No Cas.”  The pause is too long, Dean knows it.  He knows Sam notices it, but his brother ignores it.
So, all he’s really left with is finding the angel and getting a hand on him before he can flit away.  Disgruntled at his lack of solutions, Dean clambers into the front seat and starts Baby up.  This time she croons to him.
"Oh."
He finds her easily enough.  She’s talking to a tall, dark-haired man and Dean’s heart nearly stops because he recognizes that figure, though he’s sans the tan trench coat and dark suit this time.  Cas’s back is to him and he barely keeps himself from calling out his name.  It hadn’t worked out so well last time and Dean can learn from his mistakes.  Annie notices him, makes like she wants to call out to him, but he gives a subtle shake of his head.  The look she gives him back is somewhat puzzled, but she goes back to her conversation.
essence.”
No, Cas isn't coming to him, and he can't blame the angel one bit for it.
“Why didn’t you ever say anything?”  Cas looks hurt.
Dean grips the steering wheel tightly and releases the brake.  He keeps driving.
But it is.  The face is Cas as he’d seen him just one day before.  He’s still wearing the same outfit of loose cargo pants, T-shirt, and red zip-up hoodie.  His face is pale and as Dean shakes him and calls his name, there is no response.  Quickly, Dean gathers Cas into his arms and hefts him over his shoulder.  The angel is heavy and Dean stumbles under the weight, but he makes it back to the car anyway.
He is vaguely aware that he really shouldn’t be able to feel this degree of cold.  Ash tried to explain it to him once, his first night here, but he hadn’t really paid attention to the other man.  He decides that his best course of action is to dig the Impala out of the snowbank and head back south.  He has a sneaking suspicion that the unnatural snow may be interfering with normal angelic operations and communications.
“If you’re not there, I don’t want it, Cas.  Seriously.  Life without you...I was alive, but I wasn’t really livin’.  I tried.  For you, I tried to be the man you see me as.”  Dean’s voice is rough with all the emotion he feels.  Everything that he has bottled up over the years is spilling out of him.  “I’m at my best when you’re with me.  That’s a fact.”  He leans in closer, until he can feel Cas’s breath brush across his lips.  “I love you, too,” he says, before pressing his lips to the full ones he’s ached to know for years and has barely gotten to taste recently.
Dean moans at the picture Cas makes, spread out before him.  "Fuck it," he mutters.  He looks up at the angel.  "Let me know if I do something you don't like."  He presses a kiss to Cas's lips, tasting him once more before pulling back.  "And feel free to touch me back.  I promise I'll like it," he winks.
“Or, well, something that is escaping from the Empty.”  Cas looks up at Dean.  “I’m not sure, yet, but I think when Jack exploded in the Empty it created something new.”
showed up?”
The haunted expression on Sam’s face grows and now Dean is concerned.  Really concerned.  “Sam, what is it?”
Dean twirls the glass in his hand, entranced by the swirling amber as the light bounces off it at different angles.  “I don’t think he pulled Cas out of the Empty to be miserable for all eternity.”  His heart pounds as he considers his next words.  His throat feels tight.  “I ain’t sayin’ Cas wants to be with me after everything that’s happened between us, but I want to at least try.”
“I am very fond of you as well,” Cas replies, closing the distance and taking the proffered contact.
Bobby looks over his shoulder as well and a look of understanding comes onto his face.  "I see."  And then he lifts one of the six-packs up and gives it a little shake.  "Where's your mom and dad?"
“Dean?”  Cas is looking at him like he’s not sure if he should be amused or afraid.
The kid appears a moment later.  “What’s wron- oh.”  He peers curiously at the twisted mass with an almost human head.  “I see.”  He raises a hand and slowly walks closer to it.  “Hi, I’m Jack.”
As soon as their lips connect, Dean closes his eyes, focusing entirely on the way Cas’s soft, chapped lips feel against his.  The kiss lasts only a handful of moments before Dean reluctantly pulls away.  “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time,” he says, pressing his forehead to Cas’s, not wanting to move too far away.
Jack looks back at him, face solemn.  "I think I know what happened now."  He turns back to look at the roiling mass, blue lightning streaking through it.  "Cas won't be able to hold it back by himself much longer.  I should go."
Sam takes a sip from his own glass and then nods in agreement.  “It’s good.”
Cas frowns at him.  "I'm not a child.  I can look after myself."
For a moment, Cas looks like he's going to argue again, but instead he just heaves a deep sigh and looks away from Dean.  "Fine."
Jack cracks open his window before answering and Dean can’t say the new airflow isn’t a relief.   “The creatures that we fought...they’re from the Empty.”
“I believe so.  I’m very hopeful.  Once I get it unstuck from him, it disappears and if it was in a wound, it heals very quickly after the gunk is gone.”  Jack looks back at his father.  “Unfortunately, he pretty much doused himself in the stuff.  It’s
The second option he could try, he thinks as he clambers into the driver’s seat again, is an Enochian summoning.  Something in Dean hesitates to try it, though.  Whatever Cas has been working on seems important and urgent.  He has a feeling pulling Cas unexpectedly away from wherever he is would be a Very Bad Idea.
(Bonus:  Like a Prayer playing at some point when Dean and Cas are suitably... distracted.)
Dean drains the liquor in his glass.  “I swear, when I find that stupid son-of-a-bitch…”  He trails off, not exactly sure what he’ll do when he sees the angel again.
.  Who until now he’s been expecting to pop in out of nowhere on a silent rustle of feathers.  Who hadn’t been there to greet him at Heaven’s Roadhouse, like he had hoped.  Whom he’d left to rot in the Empty.
It doesn't matter, he tells himself, and watches himself plunge in and out of the angel's body instead.  The pink, puckered hole is wrapped tight around his dick.  It's a rather pretty sight, he thinks.  And Cas is apparently enjoying it too, if the moisture leaking from his tip is to be believed.
Cas nestles back into his spot along Dean's side.  "None of them feel right?"
Dean shakes his head.  “I don’t have time to explain.  Can you find him?”  When Jack squints at him, Dean breaks down a little.  “Jack, please.  I need to find him.”
“Ditto.”  At Cas’s confused look, he explains.  “It’s not your fault I died.  It was my time.  I’m okay with that.  Understood?”
Sam gives him a sympathetic smile that causes Dean to scowl.  “Shut up.”
“One of the angels I fought, I swear they broke free, just for a moment.”  He turns his somber gaze to Dean.  “It was Anna.  And I’m fairly certain she was
“No, you don’t,” Dean says, tensing at the mention of that day.  He doesn’t want to talk about it.  He doesn’t ever want to talk about how he failed Cas.  About how he never got to tell him- no.  He can’t even think about it.  It’s too much.
“It will,” Jack replies tiredly.
Cas seems to have either not noticed the odd interlude, or chalked it up to weird human behavior, because he doesn’t turn around.  Dean walks up behind until he's within arm's reach and says, "hey, Cas."
They’re trapped on top of the hill for several hours.  He learns that the family is from an old hunting lineage.  Their story is tragic in the way only a hunter’s story can be.  A bad hunt from being misinformed.  Running from their mistake to protect their kids.  Not being fast enough.  Dean can’t imagine how someone, even knowing the type of monsters they usually hunt, could bring themselves to kill two kids in cold blood, even if the revenge on the parent was justifiable.  The only relief he feels is that the kids don’t seem too troubled by the events.  They don’t even remember their deaths; they just know that they are dead.  The parents think Jack, or whomever wrote the rules for Heaven, erased the event from the kids’ minds.  If Dean is grateful, the parents are doubly so.
Dean waves the kid off.  "It's fine.  You have nothing to be sorry for.
Cas looks relieved.  “Oh, that’s good.  I had worried, a little, but I knew you’d be too good of a man to spurn a friendship just because one party developed feelings beyond those of kinship with you.  Especially when the being in question does not occupy a form you are attracted to.  It’s one of the traits I admire most-”
One moment, Dean is watching the fancy fireworks and then the next he sees a twisted miasma looming in front of him.  He stumbles back, unprepared for the horrific
Instead of dropping it, Sam’s expression gets harder.  “No, Dean. I’m not going to ‘drop it’.  I’m tired of dancing around your feelings for Cas.  Feelings he clearly reciprocates.”
"On the ceiling."  And suddenly Dean is irritated.  They survived so much together and then Cas went and told him that he loved him only to die immediately afterward and leave him with that empty, hollow feeling of something vital missing.  Something Dean thought he was going to have to live with for the rest of his natural, and unnatural, life.
Annie purses her lips, obviously thinking about how to answer.  “I think,” she starts slowly, “when Jack opened Heaven up, something went a little wrong.  Something isn’t quite right.”  Dean gears up to defend his son, but she forestalls him with a hand.  “I’m not criticizing him.  Or Cas.  Just that Jack was still new to the gig.  Is still new.  And hasn’t worked all the kinks out, yet.”
The man swings around fast, mouth open in surprise.  Blue eyes lock onto his own green and Dean is suddenly pushing through the crowd, desperately trying to get to the angel.  “Cas!”
Dean takes one last look at the clearly exhausted and hurting Cas to Jack’s pleading eyes.  “Right,” he says, and turns the key.  Baby roars to life, tank back at three-quarters like it has always been, and immediately starts blaring Bon Jovi.  He glares at the dash, but all that happens is that the volume is lowered in consideration for their tired passengers.  He doesn’t try to change the music something else.  He figures she’s earned the right to choose after all these years of saving their collective bacon.
Dean can't help but smile at the kid.  Jack hasn't changed one bit from the kid he was even before he absorbed Chuck's powers and it loosens some tension in his chest to see it.
The snow is finally starting to clear when the Impala stutters.  Startled, Dean looks down at the dashboard and curses.  The entire time he's been driving her the Baby has been on three-quarters of a tank of gas.  Now, it's hovering near empty.
He finds Cas at the far edge of the yard practicing one-handed sword maneuvers.  He stops, transfixed, at the smooth movements of the angel.  He's never really seen Cas fight.  On Earth, yeah, a few times he used the angel blade, to great effect, but Cas usually just liked to cut the middleman and do the whole 'lay hands on and smite' dance.
Slowly, Jack reaches out to her and presses his fingertips to her forehead.  “This might hurt.  I’m sorry.”  Then, bright light pours from fingers and envelopes the shadow being.
He’s been going down the same back road for another forty or so minutes when he comes across a small bridge and something urges him to stop, so he does.  He throws the car into park, turns off the engine and gets out, enjoying the sight of a peaceful river and sunlight glinting through fall foliage, a light breeze stirring the air.
that advances on him.  It's truly disgusting, he thinks as he backs away.  It looks like it's melting and reforming all at once.  Every so often, the dredge clears just enough for him to see bits and pieces of what looks like bone and feather and muscle.
John, who had been rather conspicuously quiet throughout breakfast, speaks up.  "I'm sorry, but can we back up just a moment.  It sounds like you all are ready to just jump in."
Dean nips and sucks at bare thighs before standing back up and kissing Cas again.  It's more of an actual kiss this time instead of the assault from before.  He steps back and unbuckles his jeans, sliding them down his thighs far enough to get his dick out before crowding back in and slotting himself into the angel's hip.  He gives a couple little thrusts against the soft skin there, groaning at the relief the little bit of friction brings.
And there was the question Dean has been trying to answer by himself for days.  "I don't know," he answers in the same soft voice as before.  "I've been trying to figure it out for a while now, but all I come up with are different versions of places I've lived."
“Dean,” Cas says helplessly.  “There’s nothing to forgive.”
Eventually, they head back inside.  His mother and Eileen had come home while they were in the yard, at some point, and they fill them in on their encounter from earlier that afternoon.
Finally, Cas says, “You came out here because you’re a good friend, Dean.  But that’s all I am to you.  What you have with Anna, it’s stronger.  I know that.”
Because Cas
"Yeah."
But he hadn’t even thought to ask Jack to get Cas out.  He’d just...assumed.  Jack had said that he was going to make everything right, and he thought that meant Cas, too.  If Chuck could pull Lucifer from the Empty, then Jack should have easily been able to save his father.
Tomorrow, he's going angel-hunting.
By the time Bobby leaves, Dean is ready for bed.  He guides a sleepy Cas upstairs to his room again, gives him a pair of his sleep pants and a shirt to change into, and goes to use the bathroom to give Cas some privacy to change.  Jack has him on strict orders not to use his grace for anything not focused on healing, apparently.
Dean thinks to himself, and decides to start with the easiest and most obvious solution.  He prays to Cas.
They work their way through the room greeting old friends.  Finally, he spots his mom in a quieter corner with John and another tall man with his back facing towards him.  As he gets closer, he sees that the man is dark-haired and wearing a tan coat.  His heart seizes and then starts beating furiously.
Jack’s smile widens, but it’s the soft ‘hello, Dean’ from behind him that causes his heart to pound.  Cas, if anything, looks far worse than Jack.  He’s slumped at an angle between the door and the seat, and he looks like he can barely keep his eyes open.  He’s practically caked in black goo.  He’s got several cuts that appear to be leaking grace and for a being that isn’t supposed to take in air, he’s doing a good impression of labored breaths.
Sam’s brow wrinkles a bit at that, so Dean adds, “I did see Bobby at the Roadhouse when I got here.”
"Hey, kid," he replies before pulling him into a rough hug.  "Good to see you."
His problem, in this instance, is that there doesn’t seem to be a bridge in sight, and he has no idea in which direction, or how far along, the river he’ll need to go to find one.  He decides to bunk down for the night in the Impala and come at the problem again in the morning.
Oh, right.  Dean has just been driving, no destination in mind.  And, while it seems like he can’t get tired, it's still a little strange to just keep driving and never stop.  Never mind that, now that he stops to think about it, they haven’t run into another soul since they got in the car.
The kid bites at his lip before speaking again.  “Do you think we could start the car and go?  I’m tired and Cas is going to need to rest for a while as well.”  He looks up at Dean from under his lashes, earnest and Bambi-like.  “I promise I’ll explain everything.”
“Of course, I still want to be friends!”  How could Cas think that Dean would ever want to be without him?   Had he really fucked up so badly over the years?
Everyone stares at him in confusion.  Eventually, Dean’s the one that ventures.  “What does that mean, Cas?”
Two days later, Dean is working on Baby outside.  He has her parked on the gravel, hood up, checking her fluids when he hears a faint flutter and turns to see Jack and Anna standing behind him.
“Dean!  Sam!”  Ellen pushes between the girls and wraps both men in a hug.  “You finally made it.  We were waiting for you.”
"I have been reliably informed it's impolite to stare."  The angel falls out of stance and turns to face Dean.
the song starts and he nods sagely along with the sentiment.  “I know, Baby,” he pats the steering wheel.  “Not gonna let him go again.”
“I don’t know,” Sam answers.  “If I had to guess, I’d say he’s feeling guilty, too.  He probably thinks it’s better if he stays away.”  There’s a pause before Sam adds, “it wouldn’t be the first time.”
Luckily he didn’t have to ask Cas to keep going.  After what he’d been through the past few months, helpless inside of himself, it probably would have killed him to beg.  Cas was off his knees and over Dean within seconds, his hand moving between their bodies as he undid his trousers, his knuckles brushing Dean’s belly as pushed them down.  He kissed up Dean's chest before sliding his hand around Dean’s throat, stunning him with a kiss, sliding the bareness of their bodies together.  The heat of him engulfed Dean, soaked down into his muscles and loosened the knots there.  Dean didn’t remember him being this hot last time, not noticeably so. The grace burned fever bright underneath his skin.  Cas rubbed his hard dick over where Dean was still damp and twitching, letting his full weight drop against him when Dean’s body gave an involuntary jerk.  Held him there, overwhelming him with sensation, almost smothering him.
for this hate fu—”
“No,” Dean whirls on Sam, “no the kid’s done enough, has
of all people.  Words like
Not usually the most vocal in bed aside from a little dirty talk—enough to let his partner know he’s into it—Dean is now condensed down to vowels and slurred curses, Cas’ name panted and wailed and unintelligible.  Everything feels new and intense in a way Dean hasn’t experienced before. He’s never felt this connected, this wanted. There’s no bit of Dean carefully cast aside because there was no way he could bring all of himself to the table.
Dean holds the bit of plastic between his index and middle finger and waves it at Cas.  “You’re going shopping,” he announces, and when Cas does a double take up the main road, Dean adds, “It’s no Rodeo Drive, but there’s gotta be something here you like.”
before throwing himself down in a chair the next room over to pout, because he’s still shaky and needs to be close, but doesn’t know how to ask for it.  Knows that if he
“Not exactly paradise though,” Dean grumbles.  “So you were though…aware, I mean.”
Dean snorts.  “Karaoke. Uh huh. I’m sure your little demon horde just
He jerked his head back, gritted out, “Give it to me, or I’ll find someone else who
Dean screamed Cas’ name, tried to get up but vertigo had his knees buckling. Eventually he managed to hold his own weight and stumble out beyond the broken glass, so scared of what he might find out there—but there Cas was, blinking and panting on his back, headless vamp half on top of him, Dean’s spare machete still in hand.  Blood was oozing from a nasty cut on his forehead, one to mirror Dean’s own.  He was holding his left arm across his chest in a way that made Dean nervous, but he was alive.  He’d managed to hold on to the machete during his trip through the door, and when the vamp came in for the kill, Cas stopped playing dead, rolled, and took the thing’s head off.
kid. Don’t act like there’s not down time to—”
deserve to be there.  And now that the order is set to sorts, we’ve set up a repeal process and everything for reformed souls.  Believe it or not, we’re working with the ang—” she stops herself and edits, “with Heaven. Healthy communication! Humans could learn a thing from it,” she says with the arch of an implicatory brow.  “Course I can’t promise we won’t have a few troublemakers popping out of the pit from time to time, but I don’t care what you lads do with those.  I prefer to keep the balance, and so do most of my own.”
“Just say
face, except there was something distressed about it.  Something in his eyes that read frustration and unease.  But Dean wrote it off as Cas having a rough go of it, fumbling around in the dark, in pain, after all he’s been through.  When they got back home Cas mostly just seemed tired, but then again, everyone was. They all helped each other re-dress wound coverings and said good night.  Dean wanted to ask Cas to stay with him in bed so that they could both get some meaningful rest, but ever since what happened at Jody’s he’s been too afraid.
“It’s not…dunno,” Dean blurts, “weird for you?  Not just—” he looks down at Cas and now that the confession is out in the open, Dean just keeps going as if someone finally took a lock off his tongue and it has released the verbal flood.  “I mean, sure Cas is only sort of a guy.  Angels are real fast and loose with that stuff.  But listen, I got
When they finally make it home, Cas is the first out the car, the first inside the bunker, shutting himself into his room before Dean even unpacks his suitcase from the trunk.  Dean has no idea what to do with that.  Doesn’t know what that’s supposed to
"Also," Jack says from behind him, scaring the shit out of him, "can Cas stay here for a little while?  He really shouldn't be flying, yet.  Or doing anything that requires expending grace."
Jack leaves after lunch.  Cas is still out back, as far as Dean knows, and goes to look for him.
Jack’s smile widens.  “I think it will work out, as long as you keep trying.  I’m happy for you.”
Watching Cas smoothly maneuver from stance to stance makes Dean's mouth water.  He swallows as he eyes Cas's lean muscled form as it glides through one form then another.  He's wearing Dean's clothes again and Dean is just thinking maybe he should take a cold shower when Cas speaks
“Jack,” Sam surmises.
The corners of Sam’s mouth flicker up in a brief smile.  “Yeah.  He came to explain how he was upholding Billie’s proclamation that those that die should stay dead, unless there were extreme extenuating circumstances.”  He let go of Dean’s shoulders and went back to nursing his drink.  “He said that the death you had was one of the many that had been written for you.  He said he was sorry, but that you would be at peace and that I’d see you soon.”  He finishes his drink and picks up another of the beers that are in front of him.  “Then, he took Cas with him and I guess they’ve been up here remodeling Heaven since.”
"Keep going," the angel says, and Dean abruptly realizes it's the first thing Cas has said during this entire encounter.  "The...discomfort is limited to the vessel.  It does not affect me."
"Let's say you and I go get more comfortable."  He motions with his head towards the car.
Dean looks over at the kid.  "That's it? 'Oh'?"
And Cas
He leans down over Cas and traces his fingers over the new cuts the angel had acquired.  They heal immediately.  Not from the shadow monster fight then.  Just from Cas being stupid.  It makes something incredibly angry well up from deep within Dean.
Dean has never seen anything like it from the angel.  His whole body tenses and for just a moment Dean swears he can see something dark and iridescent shimmer out from Cas’s back.  The angel whips around to face him, blue eyes wide.  “Dean.”
Maybe it’s time to change that.  So, he turns the car around and heads back the way they came.  It isn’t long before he sees the neon lights in the distance.  Dean suspects Heaven mojo-fuckery in how they get there so quickly despite having driven all day, but he’s grateful and decides not to question it.  Also, the Impala has been at three-quarters full the entire day, just like how he'd left it when he'd died.
Dean looks down, trying to hide the blush he knows wants to spread across his cheeks.  “We worked some things out.  There’s still some stuff left to be said, but…” he shrugs, not really sure how to articulate two lifetimes of abandonment issues and several years of repression.
“You’ll grip him tight and raise him from perdition?”  Sam’s voice takes on Cas’s signature gravel as he says it.  Sam hadn't even been there when Cas had said that, but it was one of Dean's favorite parts of meeting the angel, so he always makes sure to include it when retelling the tale.
So he continues to work his fingers in and out of the angel's body, stretching him as much as he's able before the need takes over again.  He pulls his fingers out, spits into his hand, and gives his dick a few quick tugs, spreading saliva and precome over it before lining himself up with the angel's entrance.
"That kid.  No manners."  He looks slyly over at Cas.  "Almost like some angel I know."
Well, next move, really.  All he has is drive north until he finds Cas again.  He was expecting it to be more difficult than it actually has been.  For once, he’s feeling hopeful that he’ll catch up to Cas again.  Making Cas stay long enough to talk, however, seems to be the bigger problem.  He could try to lure him into a ring of holy oil and fire...except he has no holy oil.
“How long have I loved you?”  Dean feels his cheeks heat a little, but nods.  “Ah, as Hester said, the very moment I laid a hand on you, I was lost.  Whatever happened in Hell when I grasped you, it spread over time.”
It’s easier than he thinks it would be, like falling into a well-worn routine.  He pictures Cas’s face; those blue eyes, full lips, permanent dark stubble and starts talking quietly to himself.  “Cas, I hope you can hear me, wherever you are.  We need to talk.  There’s something I need to tell you and I want to say it to your face.  Please, Cas.  If you can hear me, come find me.”
Cas leans back, shifting get more comfortable on the seat.  “Of course, I love you, Dean.”
Jo grins at him.  “Hey, Dean."
When Dean stops for the night, the air is starting to turn noticeably cooler.  The leaves on the trees, a riot of colors during the daylight, have begun to fall off and leave branches bare.  He pulls on an extra layer of socks and another coat, curls up in the backseat of the Impala and tries to sleep.
one was catalogued with explicit clarity.
The grief and regret festers there, unmoving, and never lets Dean forget.
“What have you been doing with it?” Dean needs to know.  For reasons.
The evidence originates with a family whose 13 year old daughter disappeared ten years ago—no leads, a smattering of suspects who never panned out, only a bloodsoaked shoe left in the woods, and no closure to any of it. Three men in three weeks have turned up dead in those same woods.  Two guys out during hunting season, one birdwatcher, all dead of a sudden heart attack with no prior medical history.
“The Queen says welcome back, and asks me to deliver this,” and Dean has to watch as this guy kisses his palm, blows the kiss in Cas’ direction, and in a puff of fragrant, purple smoke, a dark lipstick mark in the shape of Rowena’s lips appears on Cas’ cheek.
“Okay! Okay Carrie Bradshaw, you’ve made your point, I get it. I blindsided him. Shit. A means to an end.  That’s what he thinks it is to me.”  Dean sets his wrists against his forehead.  “But he’s not, I swear.  Even then it wasn’t—I just didn’t know
“It is. It is, you don’t know,” Dean gulps, voice a ragged pathetic thing, “he—” he shakes his head. Even now Dean can’t say it out loud. Can’t tell Sam
“S’great,” Dean sighs, feeling the relief of connection pulsing through him, and risks a glance over at Cas’ face. He’s still lying there, face up and eyes open toward the ceiling, but a small smile touches the corners of his mouth.
Then Cas is shaking his head and saying, “Sorry.  I’m sorry, I can’t.  I want to, I really want to, I just—” and he’s getting up, pulling the sweater he laid out last night over his head. “I can’t.”
“And you should probably talk to him about the part where you’re in love with him,” Sam suggests, and lets himself out of the room.
Sam sticks his hands in his pockets, his eyes soft when he looks back at Dean.  “I know.”
“I’m sitting around on my ass, how is that not a vacation?”
“I don’t—” Dean swallows, “not sure if the pep talk is helping, Sheriff.”
It was October 2016, a few weeks before Halloween—that was the year of Amara and the Darkness.  The year where the British Men of Letters came and did fuck all.  It was the year Cas killed a reaper to save them all.  It was the year mom came back.
Dimly, shamefully, Dean noticed small sounds rebounding in the space between them. Jesus.  It was just a kiss.  A really
“I know,” Cas says bitterly, even though he
Dean is certain of it when it finally dawns on him— deep, deep deep down, maybe in a place that doesn’t exist on any anatomy diagram, something is happening.  An exchange is taking place.
Dean was the first one to speak.  “Thanks by the way,” he said, and Cas turned and tilted his head in a silent
of disorderly shit, but he’d never been that out of control with another person before.  Not like that—every inch peeled open and without the ability to disguise or protect himself from it.  Unable to hide it, hating himself for it.
bad.”
Dean replays the scene, hears his own voice, accusatory, choosing the words he knew would hurt Cas the most:
“I don’t want to hear it,” Dean interrupts.
Claire comes over sometimes, hustles Dean in Mario Kart and eats all their food.  They don’t talk much beyond typical pleasantries and sarcastic banter because it ain’t like either one of them are particularly good at the feelings thing—but Dean thinks she’s having trouble adjusting to the post-Chuck world too.  Doesn’t really know what to do with her time now that hunting is scarce, and ‘course Claire, she’s still so young.  She still has so much time to figure out what she wants to do with herself now that she can’t lean into the certainty of a depressingly short lifespan as a hunter.
suspicious that leaving his older, self-destructive, still grieving brother up to his own devices, factors into that decision.  Still, Sam seems.. good.  He’s moving forward, even though sometimes he’ll still get that real distant look in his eye, still jump and get his hands up ready to fight at sudden sounds.  He gets restless because they’re still hardwired for war, but then again so is Dean, so is anyone who has lived through what they’ve lived through. None of them will ever be finished with the trauma, and it won't ever be finished with them either.
Dean’s head is splitting down the middle. He just wants the conversation to be over.
“I think… I think I love him, man,” Dean blurts, heart beating its way through his ribs.  He looks up at Sam, eyes wide with fear.  It’s the first time he’s admitted it, said it out loud where the words can live and breathe without Dean strangling them into submission.  To go from a locked room into open air after a lifetime of one and not a moment of the other—it’s probably the scariest thing Dean has done.
Cas moved up, pressed them together from forehead to cock—one hand possessive and unyielding against the scar he’d put on Dean’s shoulder opposite the newest one.  The nerve endings hadn’t been burned away like they would have in a normal scar, it was still sensitive to touch in general—but when Cas touched him there—it was different.  It had been so long since he’d felt it that Dean had forgotten the rush of warmth, the peace and the weightlessness of it, the whisper of Cas’ presence still left inside of Dean, inextricable from him.
Jack backs up a step from where he’s blocking Cas, and—
Then the darker thoughts start trickling in:  What if Cas wants to leave?  Why would Dean even think he would want to stay in the first place when Dean is
Dean thinks of that night a lot— the night he and Sammy and mom were all safe under one roof for the first time as a family.  Everyone had finally gone to bed, but Dean couldn’t.  It was a mismatch of joy at their reunion, and fear that it would immediately be snatched away.  There wasn’t anything to do about it in either case, so Dean had sat on the kitchen floor, head propped against the cabinets, drinking a beer and flipping through old photos.
to you—”
“Woah hold on, I thought you said
“You.. remember that?”
there, and pathetically, all Dean can manage is a stilted, “Wasn’t like that with Cas and me.  We weren’t… It wasn’t like that.” Dean scrubs his hands over his face, “Look Sammy, thanks for the offer. I mean it.  But just—let me do this. I might not be able to get Cas back, or correct all the fuck ups I made with him, or fix whatever it is that made me this way in the first place—but I can fix this stupid oven.  Please just—just let me fix it.”
“You know that’s a red state, right?”
When only those final, half-delirious convulsions remain, Dean collapses forward, boneless and unable to sustain his own weight against Cas’ momentum.  It doesn’t seem to phase Cas at all, he helps Dean down to the pillows, pressing him at the hips to turn him face up again, and sinks back inside with a gasp.  Dean can feel Cas’ arms trembling where they bracket on either side of him, he fights to keep his eyes open when Cas lets his forehead drop, lowering it to Dean’s.
Instead he says, “It is.”
dear.”
know you, the real you, the
“Yes,” Cas grits out, unable to keep himself from a small, shallow thrust.  “I feel all of it,” he makes a tight, urgent sound in the back of his throat, twists his hips and sinks in a little further.  Dean gasps, a bright surge of pleasure sparking up along his spine, feels wetness slip down from the tip of his dick, and suddenly it’s imperative that Cas moves.  He slides his hands back over Cas’ shoulders, down his chest, reaches down between them where they’re connected and palms his balls—feels how tight and drawn up they are, how soft and vulnerable the skin feels. Cas shakes, and closes his eyes, still trying to give Dean time to adjust. It’s very considerate and all, Cas is a considerate guy, but Dean is less so.  He smears his hands up Cas’ sides, then grabs one firm handful of his ass, smacks the other cheek with an open palm.
Not the way I love you. Not like a brother.  In the—.”
“I’m not just
But what Claire
the Empty came when it did and took Cas with it.
Dean mostly blocked out whatever came next.  He recalls the dark walk to the car and how the moon illuminated the tense downturn of Cas’ mouth, the uncomfortable ride home.  Castiel rode shotgun, staring out the window. His elbow was propped up on the window shelf, chin resting on his knuckles, left hand palm down between them on the seat and Dean was
“I.. well, through his chest presumably.”
more chance he wouldn’t screw it up like he had the other six—that Dean is still stuck at the starting line?  The vicious cycle threatens to begin again, with Dean slipping back into a former self.
.  Solid, but old. It keeps Dean busy, gives him something to focus on now that hunting jobs have slowed down with the decrease in outside interference.  They haven’t seen any evidence of monster infestations either.  Seems like the only ones to make the cut into Jack’s new world were  peaceful examples of their species like Garth and his family, Mia Vallens, Ms. Butters (who still sends them tins of home baked goods for birthdays and holidays). Sam thinks this is Jack’s way of giving everyone a fresh start, allowing everyone to have a chance to be and do something different.
“He isn’t,” Cas said, quiet but firm from his side of the room.
“That blood sigil, I put it there,” Cas murmurs, and Dean doesn’t need to turn around to see the half-burned away mark painted onto the door he just ran through, he doesn’t need to see the flakes of old blood still bearing some shape.  “And right here, right where we’re standing, that’s where I—”
Dean throws the keys and Sam catches and pockets them.  “I’ll send you a list.  You’re a great brother. Get the hell out of here.”
” Dean lies, and takes a minute to digest that thought.  His first reaction is to cringe away from it.  Who would want that with
Cas looks at Dean for a while longer, then turns and grabs a flashlight and marches off toward the cave.
No matter how many times Dean re-watches it, he can never scrub away any of the awfulness, and every time is as cruel as the first.
“Nepotism,” Sam corrects and Dean could rip his bushy eyebrows off his Frankenstein head. “An aphorism is—”
it?  What the hell had he been trying to say?  What was it that Dean needed to tell him that was so important that what came next was the only way he could convey it?
“Just fucking say it man,” Dean says, shrill and a little desperate because he knows what it is Sam is thinking, because Dean is thinking it also but is too stubborn, too ate up with guilt to admit it himself: That maybe it isn’t possible.  Maybe this is it, and there’s no take-backs this time because Jack restored the natural order of things and now when you die, you die, and you’re moved on to whatever is next.  The way it’s supposed to be.  Isn’t that what Dean wanted? No more railroading, no more being stuck in a B-plot they can’t escape, no more paying in other people’s blood in order to come back alive and do it all over again.
right—you’re a shower, not a teller.”  Cas’ fingers faltered then froze against the weld line and Dean smiled.  “What? You didn’t think I would remember?  I never forgot, trust me.  Hey.. between us girls,” he whispered conspiratorially, touching his tongue to his bottom lip and bending his neck to try and catch Cas’ eyes, “it’s the most popular footage in the ol’ spank bank.  Whose name do you think I said when I would—”
“Yeah, I’m still figuring it out myself,” Dean admits, looking back to the painting.  “Guess we’re both works in progress.”
.  It’s some pretty precarious shit.  Dean still has nightmares about losing his soul.  He’s seen
Dean blurts, he doesn’t know why, then squeezes his eyes closed and shakes his head.  “I-i-i-it wasn’t just you,” he stammers out, panicking  that he’ll lose his nerve and with it, the moment.  “I felt it too, for a long time I—I just didn’t understand. Or maybe I didn’t want to, I don’t know, it’s a lot to unpack with growing up the way we did and thinking I
“I’m going for a run, do it yourself.”
The dawn opens up all around them, the warm, cleansing wellspring of it casting light over the water, and refracting across the snow.  One of Dean’s hands lets go of the steering wheel, he slides it toward Cas and walks his fingers up onto Cas’ thigh, taps a knuckle.  He turns over his palm in an offering. Immediately Cas interlaces their fingers, and how strange, Dean thinks, that even this used to take so much courage.
“No,” Cas says, and offers no other reasoning for it.
“No I—”
His back arched off the bed when he felt Cas’ mouth close around him all at once and begin to suck. It was shocking, somehow, don’t know why it should have been.  He’d had his dick sucked before, it wasn’t some new sexual revelation, but something incandescent shuddered down every nerve-ending in Dean’s body and burned hot in the middle of his chest—almost too much, too good.  Maybe it was just because it’d been so long since he’d done this—sex with people who were little more than strangers to him had long since lost it’s appeal.  Or maybe it was because he’d been trapped with Michael, stripped of autonomy, and it just felt so good to be able to connect his mind to a sensation again. Felt good to have a choice and give permission and know that if he changed his mind, Cas would instantly comply. Maybe it was about control.
He’s standing at the threshold to the room Cas sometimes used.  The door is closed, and for a moment, Dean feels the need to give a courtesy knock before barging in—that should have been the first sign, the painful way his heart clenched when he realised there was no need to knock.  He should have turned around, should have walked away and let the dust gather in that small, empty space.  Dean goes in knowing no good could come from it, knows nothing he’ll find behind that door will bring him any comfort or closure, it won’t bring Cas back, but he twists the knob and enters anyways.
Cas’ doesn’t hug back, just places his hands on either side of Dean’s waist and says nothing.  It’s the reticence that causes Dean to look up and into the room.  He knows that wall.  He knows these shelves and their pointless contents. “Why are we here,” Dean holds tighter, “Cas, why are we in here.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be Dean, it was supposed to be
Dean wakes up to the darkness of his bedroom.
might have been okay, but
“S’not so bad. Can watch Margaret Thatcher roast on a massive kebab skewer every Thursday, and we’re having the first karaoke mixer next week.  I’d invite you boys, but..”  she gives Dean a once over and winces, “wouldn’t do to have you turn up all wilting like it’s Harvest bloody Festival to serenade us all with the
Claire repeats, blinking into the distance like she still can’t believe it
Then, as their time together spun out and they’d gotten to know each other more, those feelings amplified and augmented, they became more than they started as.  Deeper, more real. Built on how Dean felt about Cas as a complex person with hang-ups and idiosyncrasies and talents and the way Dean missed him when he was gone.  Feared for him to the point of distraction when Cas was in danger.
“I didn’t have time to think!  Everything happened so fast!”
“—eat these sandwiches?”
don’t even want to go in there.  Stop being stubborn and just keep watch outside.”
closing over Cas’ face and taking him to a place Dean has no hope of reaching—not even when he’s finally dead and gone.
“Or we can stop at the next fjord,” Dean agrees, feeling a hint of fire licking at the thread between their soul.  It’s their soul now, that’s how Dean thinks of it—no longer
Even after they’d fixed Dean back to his human state there was a lot his mind had tried to block out and save him from remembering— but bits and pieces still sneak in.  Murky recollections often replay themselves in Dean’s sleep, or as intrusive thoughts when a day has gone too well and Dean’s traitorous brain decides to ruin it for him.  Most often it’s disjointed flashes of memory: Slick bloodspill over his wrist from a knife twisting in a gut, impossibly cruel words spoken to whatever innocent bystander crossed paths with him at the wrong moment, some really… sweatykinkyweird moments with Crowley inexplicably present.
“Stupid?” Dean supplies and Sammy winces, obviously unsatisfied with the word.  “Self-destructive?  C’mon, when have I ever handled anything in a way that could be described as well-adjusted.  It’s all just a part of the process,” Dean finishes loftily, and hopes wiping a little good-natured self-deprecation on it will get Sam to stop looking at him like he’s afraid for him.  Afraid of what Dean might do.
“Because you’re not sure,” Cas murmured, not deterred by Dean’s anger, and obviously still wanting to fuck him.  So why wouldn’t he?
“I. Yes actually,” he answers, disbelief in his voice, still totally motionless aside from the hinge of his mouth moving against Dean’s chest.  “You?”
Dean sits there staring at the abandoned seat.  “Weird kid,” he says, and lies back down until sleep covers him again.
“How’s school coming,” Dean asks, because he’s tired of hearing himself chew oats like a goddamn horse.
Your inherent worth as—
that.”
Except he’s never heard of a heart attack described like being cleaved in two on an atomic level, and it doesn’t feel like the chest-squeezing signs of an anxiety attack either. Dean has had the energy forcibly drained from his body more times than he can count, and that’s only part of whatever is happening.  It’s draining, that’s for damn sure, but it’s
shy about using it to his advantage.  After a few more experimental shoves, Cas finds a new rhythm and proceeds to— if Dean didn’t know the meaning of it before, he certainly does
Death would be simpler, Dean thinks, despite their track record for mangling it up as a clean and unquestionable process.  He’s used to it, people are always dying around Dean, and sometimes when it happens, it’ll be Dean’s fault. Sometimes it won’t. He’ll carry on with all the grief because it’s there, always right fucking there, and always a part of him.
“Maybe—” Sam starts, closes his mouth and shakes his head, some resolve sparking back into his eyes.  “You know what, you’re right.”
“Dean..”
Cas frowns but keeps talking.  “Once I knew Sam had the nexus under control I followed the bond, followed it all the way here.”
There’s another voice in the room now, shouting too, and between whatever is going on with Dean drooling and writhing on the floor, he manages to catch Sam holler, “Jack, what’s going on!”
It's the allowing which is the hardest, of course. It helps to know in those inevitable moments when Dean is at his most self-loathing, that Cas will still be there, believing in his worth, believing Dean is enough even when Dean can’t.
Dean’s stomach flipped.
Dean blows air between his teeth and looks over to where Cas’ head is resting above his shoulder, chin propped over the top of a hand.  He’s got those big, innocent eyes fixed on Dean.  “God, I love you,” Dean tells him, plain and earnest and worth repeating even if it makes Dean’s face burn.  “I’m sorry that it took so long for me to understand it.” It’s hard not to feel bitterness for that, for all the lost time and stolen possibilities.  He wishes love and fear hadn’t been taught to him as inextricable from one another. That it was possible to love without the fear of it crushing you to death.
Dean scoffs. “Yeah!  Of course!”
It’s Dean’s turn to raise a brow. “Right so perhaps not, but it was before I got to know you lot.  What am trying say is—”
for good measure and watching Cas’ cheeks go hot and ruddy. And when Cas started playing
Dean has been through and done a
“Because you’re not the means to an end for me,” he said, and Dean felt like he’d been slapped in the face. Before he could register what that was even supposed to
Now Cas sits alongside him, faintly bopping his head to Dean’s classic mixtape, his dark hair blowing around, sunlight streaming between his spread fingers as he holds them out into open air.
thinking straight, and all Dean wanted was to go home.
“God, Plato would really bust a nut if he was hearing this right now,” Dean grumbles.
“—the gay way. Wait, what?”
as he shifted between Awkward Nerd to Hot Guy Brooding in the Corner, to the part of Cas that was harder to pin down—incomprehensible by nature because no matter how close Cas came to being human, the core of him would always be ancient and arcane. There was no one else like him, and Dean never wanted anyone the way he wanted Cas—uncompromisingly.  Even at their worst, Dean still craved Cas’ presence in his life, and when Cas was gone, Dean wanted to be gone too.  All the years of not having had only aggravated the feeling instead of forcing Dean to accept it.
Dean was all over him then, rough with intent—snatching Cas’ hair, digging fingers into muscle, ripping at Cas’ clothes because he couldn’t rip whatever it was Dean
Dean has spent so much time sacrificing himself over the decades and inevitably it’s taken out its pound of flesh on an already precarious sense of self-worth.  At some point, Dean isn’t sure when exactly, he internalised it—always feeling like he was just a body, a tool to be used, and any of the personhood attached to that was just consequential, in the way. It didn’t matter if Dean wanted other things from life, or if he was ever happy, or that he was tired—as long as he made sure everyone else had those things, it was okay.  Dean is so small compared to all that.  One man’s dreams are nothing when weighed against the whole world.
Course he would.  Course his ass woke up when Dean wasn’t there to be the first thing he saw. What’s the opposite of serendipity?  Shit luck?
“I hope so,” Cas hums thoughtfully, before coming to stand shoulder to shoulder with Dean.  “It’s my favourite part of humanity,” he says, looking up at the boy, the blur of fog, the light in the distance, “you are always becoming.”
sheep though, really great sheep out there...literally in the middle of the road. Little scary at night, actually.”  Cas seems to be waiting for him to make his point, so Dean keeps rambling.  “Anyways, I was thinking, maybe when you feel like you’ve got your feet underneath you, we could go on a little.. road trip or something? Just us. Doesn't matter where.”
And suddenly Dean has the ability to turn the booth closest to the exit into this mutual abyss of sorrow and ache.
It never really occurred to him that this ill-formed, vague ulterior motive would rebound against Dean so spectacularly.
“Goddamnit, not again,” Dean mutters to himself, gripping the edge of the table and bowing his head when a sharp tension rolls through his body.
“Me too,” Cas whispers, kissing the side of Dean’s mouth, his cheek, his lips.  “Do you want to—” Cas murmurs, eyes closed as he brushes their noses together.
When Dean opened his eyes, he didn't remember anything other than feeling the loss of that peace—and then came the anger, devouring and endless, beyond anything Dean ever experienced as a human even at his worst.  The true spark of Dean’s soul was a twisted wretch of a thing.
Which is the problem.. That’s it exactly. That’s why Dean is out here hurting all over the place, so desperate to turn that pain into something tangible, something he can see and put his hands on—because all he can think about is what Cas would have wanted.  Dean doesn’t know if this is some kind of self-punishment, or if it’s the small, pleading part of himself that hopes if he suffers enough, that Cas will come back like he always did and save Dean from it.
“Then I’ll pay it!  Pay it like we always do.”
“We’re together!” he’d shouted, meaning in work, hunting, but did he
Dean’s thighs are burning, his heart pounding away against his ribcage. When Cas’ hand slides down Dean’s throat, his chest, down his abs, and wraps around his dick, Dean is lost.  Cas jacks him twice, his breath heavy against Dean’s jaw as he hooks his chin over Dean’s shoulder to watch.
The bond novas every instant their lips touch.  It feels like Dean’s stepped into fire—if fire were starlight in your veins, and the rest of your body weightless as smoke.  He doesn’t know if it’s the soul in Cas making it feel like that, or Dean’s own piece in himself, but the connection goes wide open, the feedback looping through Dean as finally,
It was a brutal rush of the past few months of life flashing before Dean’s eyes.  All the people he’d hurt, the ones he killed, all the pain wrought from Dean’s own two hands and the sense of violation it had left Dean with—but there was also Cas’ presence alongside it all.  His concern for Dean cut into the reel of memory.  As it was, Dean was already so desperate to prove himself, that Cas’ belief in him was almost too much to bear.  He touched the scar on Dean’s arm and there was pain and rage, but also Cas’ control, his cool certainty.
“Dean, what I s—”
she signs, “for this long?” She sucks in air between her teeth and shakes her head.  “Look, forget about Chuck, forget magic and fate and
Dean squinted at the wheelchair accessibility sign printed onto the button and said, “M’sure that’s it Cas,” grabbed him by the front of that ugly green scrub shirt and hauled him through the door.
Dean bit at Cas’ neck, down to his collarbone, back to the hot-wet swell of his mouth.  Cas kissed back, one hand holding Dean at the waist, the other spanning his jaw and throat. A thumb caressed the hollow of Dean’s cheek and
“Enough with the existential crap, at least until I pop two Excedrin,” Dean interrupts, removing his hands from Cas to rub his temples.  “All I need to know is am I gonna go all Norman Bates because Cas got the impulse control part of my soul and now I think a casual murder spree is no biggie.”
for it.  The concept wasn’t even meant for him.  Still he rebelled over and over, sought it out and fought for it, and for what?
Dean felt Cas groan, felt him nose the jacket and shirt underneath it out of the way so he could bite down against Dean’s shoulder.  It hurt a little between the sharp edge of teeth, to the chafe burn spreading over Dean’s thigh from their rutting, but Dean didn’t care.  He didn’t care about anything that wasn’t Cas’ weight against him, his scent, the bossy way he kept Dean smashed to the wall and hardly let him move but for Dean to palm his ass to help pull them together.
That swirling black mass, Cas’ smiling, tear-stained face—Dean sees it again and again.
“Impressive cursing,” Castiel agreed, like a
It’s difficult to remember everything from that summer when Dean had been a demon.  He remembers the dying, the pain and anxiety of it at first as his heart desperately tried to maintain pressure— then how the pain subsided as his blood ran out and all he felt was warm and sleepy with the growing distance from life.  There was the moment right before real death where his brain was still trying to save him, and his consciousness was so narrowed down that Dean felt shattered down to each atom left moving.  He never talked to Sam about that.  Never asked if it felt the same way to die for him as it did for Dean:  That moment where you forget the crashing white noise is wrong, and you cease to be a person. You’re just what’s left of a sensation, experiencing sensation, and it’s peaceful.  Even as the last neuron left fires, there is peace.
crystal ball like it’s Goblin King Jareth fucking amateur hour. Things that pass through the in-betweens of existence sometimes have answers and information, some of them have been there long enough that they know the weak points where, with a little help and a lot of magic, a human can navigate into one realm and out the other.
Oh come on, you know the saying.”
sexual frustration rattling around in my head.  You wouldn’t even have to uncuff me. I’m kinda into this whole scene—little bit kinky with the bondage and all.. And,
It takes them god knows how long to stumble through the cavern tunnels, leaving markings in chalk to eventually direct themselves back through from whence they came.  Finally they hear an echo chanting in Latin and from there it’s just following it to the source.
it, it’s true.”  Cas gives him a flat, placating smile.  “It is!”  And no, Dean’s not about to allow this.  “Okay fine, if you’re useless, then I’m useless.”
Dean doesn’t even have it in himself to yell.  “We’ve been calling you.”
Dean does. It’s that same yank within his body pulling like gravity toward Cas, but stronger than it was before. More physical. Dean looks at his hands and feels weak, a little sick to his stomach.  He touches Cas’ arm again and the feeling fades instantly.  “It’s fine. I can handle it.”
.  “But it felt real.  It still feels real. And until it doesn’t feel that way anymore, I am just going to be happy.”
Rowena doesn’t respond, but she reaches across the table and covers Dean’s hands with both of her own.  “It’s hard isn’t it—losing someone before you had a chance to really love them properly.”
.  You have to press the button Dean.”
Probably would have been safer to call for an ambulance.  Dean spent the whole 20 minute ride into town trying to keep Baby between the lines and shouting at Cas to stay awake.  Didn’t seem any better options available though, brain bleeds are a timely fucking thing and Dean wasn’t about to wait on some bodunk transportation service to come pick them up.  They’d hobbled in through the doors to the Emergency room, relying on each other for support, and when the triage team tried to separate them Dean had panicked.
“Okay,” Cas says, easy as pie, not asking for any explanations otherwise, and begins walking.
Cas’ fingers brushing over Dean’s when he handed over a stick of butter.
“If I could fix this for you I would.  Do you think I
get in the bed?”  Cas looks at the ground and mumbles something Dean can’t parse.  “Come on Cas, you know my hearing’s shit.”
“Gonna get our full five hours.”  He pulls Cas out of the bathroom, down the hall and into the bedroom.  “Not like we haven’t spent the night in the same room before,” he grumbles, a little offended. Why is Cas making this so damn difficult?  Has something changed? Did the Empty beat his feelings for Dean out of him? He’s offering to share a bed, and Cas looks like he’d rather jump out the window.
Dean rolls his eyes and slams the lid shut.  “Nothing. Something. Look, I don’t know.”
Still panting from laughter and pain, Dean looked over at Cas the same time Cas let the base of his head swivel against the wall to look back at Dean.  He could feel the vague warmth of Cas’ breath on his cheek, the bloodshot of Cas’ eyes throwing the blue into sharp, vivid relief.  Dean could never fathom what it was Cas saw when he looked at him, and how he kept looking even after having seen Dean’s soul in its totality.  There wasn’t anything he had missed, so what possibly could have been left that was so damn interesting?  And why was it, that even at their worst, Dean never could look away either.
I’ve got the better part of a decade’s worth of
Cas does a double take up from the map in front of him, “I—former, sort of. Yes?”
“But—”
They track the demon all the way out to  White Wilderness National Forest.  It’s a bit of a hike, but at least it’s all beautiful scenery and fresh air, the sound of running water—until the trail disappears into the mouth of a cave.
But it felt like something.  Seemed like more ground than Dean was prepared to give there in the quiet of the car with the moonlight casting shadows over them through the Cottonwood trees.  Dean knew if he did it, Cas would turn those big questioning eyes on him, looking for an answer that Dean couldn't give, and it would only hurt them both.
The next time Dean would see Cas, he’d be an angel again, and it would be as if it had never happened.  Some unspoken treaty of silence had been agreed upon, willingly or unwillingly.
before he made that deal, before Billy chases you guys through the bunker into that room, before he plays the only card he has left to save you.”
the tip of Cas’ tongue slid against Dean’s bottom lip and just like that, Dean was too far gone to fight it.
Dean says, firm but gentle, and Jack takes a shuddering breath and hushes.  “Listen.  You didn’t take Cas from me. That wasn’t you.  The deal Cas made to save you was
But he didn’t have the words for it then, only needs and impulses and that greediness he had when it came to Cas.
about it, too.  Maybe it’s because Dean always knew he didn’t deserve whatever it was Cas would offer him.  He hadn’t earned it.  Hadn’t made it easy for the guy.  Dean steeped himself in Cas’ love and attention, held onto it like a lifeline, and stagnated there.  Even as Cas was ripped away, he left this world thinking that Dean was beyond his reach.
to do with Dean.  For the life of him he can’t understand how he knows it, but a part of him is over
They were both verging on sweaty before, but now Dean’s body is covered in a fine sheen of it. The tips of Cas’ hair are slicked black and wet from exertion.  Cas has always been strong as an angel, but even now with his grace still in a rebuilding state, he still has a good bit of muscle on Dean and is
thing I saw them do was leave the buggy in the parking spot at a Trader Joe’s.  I feel kind of bad for stalking them honestly— just
Dean huffs a laugh and doesn’t look up.  “You’re asking me that a lot these days.  What about you, you okay?”
gaze and inexplicable attachment to trenchcoats— having the undivided attention of a literal angel is going to make most people feel a
found a way.  He didn’t
” Cas murmurs against Dean’s throat as his hips give a small, helpless thrust. Dean shivers in oversensitivity.  Cas does it again, really just making a mess.  Unfortunately Dean is maybe into it. Cas pulls out, slides three fingers back inside, and Dean has to amend that to
Dean pauses before continuing to strip the casing off a six gauge, hackles already up.  “Dunno know what you mean then.”
Dean looks around to make sure no one is listening to them.  “When did you decide that it didn’t matter if Chuck had made you and Sam.. happen.  How did you know it was real?”
Startled, Dean swerves the car to the left and then has to hastily correct as the Impala fishtails.
Gradually, silence falls over the car as Dean drives.  The sun is edging towards the horizon, and isn’t that something?  They have actual day and night cycles here.  Sunsets.  Clouds.  Dust.  It’s organic, not sterile like how the others had described it to him before.  Beautiful.
“Right.”
Dean’s eyes widen in surprised delight and he grins at the man.  “You know my mom?”
"What was that for?"
"No."
The shadow creature is gone.
“Tell me what, Sam?”  Still Sam hesitates and for some reason that makes Dean angry.  “You’ve already gone this far, Sam.  You might as well tell me the rest.”
And it’s such a classic
Dean gives a short nod and climbs into the car and starts her up.  He pulls off the boat as fast as he safely can.  Later, he’ll wonder why it matters.  They’re in Heaven.  It’s not like they can die again.  In the moment, however, he does as Annie asks of him.  He drives around to the outer edge of the village, where people are already heading out towards a hill he can see in the distance.
And then, as suddenly as the water appeared, it’s gone.  Dean watches as it recedes, one section at a time, when something catches his attention.  Deep down in the water, an inky blackness writhes around before being surrounded by threads of light, and then it’s gone.  Dean blinks, unsure if he’d seen what he thought he saw.  The moment had lasted only for a second; it could have just been his imagination.  Or something that had been trapped in the water that disappeared as it receded.
Cas seems to get at least some of it, because his blue eyes soften.  The knee comes back in a gentle bump, though it doesn’t linger.
“What?”  Dean blinks at him, confused.
Jack smiles at him.  It’s small, but there.  “We won.”  He crawls into the passenger seat next to Dean.  “I’ll explain on the way home.”
Chapter song is Purple Haze by Jimi Hendrix.
Chapter title, of course, is from Paint It, Black- The Rolling Stones
He watches as the angel’s body tenses, then turns to look at him.  “Dean.”
He shrugs good-naturedly.  “Apparently there are still some glitches.  And I wasn’t that close to very many people when I was alive.  At least none that are dead, yet.
Dean can’t help but feel his gaze soften and become fond when he looks at Jo.  It’s been so long since she died, and he can’t help but be glad that she’s here.  “Hey, Jo.”
Mary is the one to finally break it.  "So, we'd be doing what we used to do on earth?"  His mother looks contemplative.  Dean knows she's considering it.  Mary Winchester could never refuse those in need.  Much less Jack's puppy eyes.  “Hunting things?  Saving…souls?”
“Yeah.”  He smiles at her again before something behind her catches his attention.  “Is that a ferry?”
Dean cocks his head towards the house.  “I think he’s inside.  Eileen’s teaching him how to cook.”
“It’s good to see you, too,” she says, returning the hug.  “Both of you.”  She pulls Sam into a slightly longer hold.  Behind her, Dean watches as their father stands to greet them.
Dean latches on to the word ‘glitches’ and holds out a hand to the man to shake.  “I’m Dean Winchester.  You wouldn’t have happened to have had a blue-eyed angel in a tan trench coat stop by recently, have you?”
Dean and his mother echo the sentiment.  The kid was still learning his powers before he absorbed God-energy.  It's gotta be a steep learning curve.
The angel nods at him before raising his wings and taking off at a breakneck pace.
“You don’t know that.”
- like Dean knew he would.  Eventually, he takes the hand he had laying along the back of the couch and wraps it around Cas’s mouth.
Asa appears to think about it for a moment.  “You know...maybe I do.”  He steps a little way from his door and onto the walk and turns slowly as if to orient himself.  Finally, he settles facing what would have been north and a little east on Earth, based on the sun’s current position.  He points in that direction.  “Some folks have been having problems with a river that way that keeps flooding.  No one can figure out why, since it shouldn’t happen at all.”  He turns to face Dean again.  “If I had to guess, I’d say your angel went there next.”
Dean feels the hand not holding his drink tighten into a fist.  “That little…”
“Still, Cas…”
"If you can figure out where he'll be next, you might be able to beat him there."  Dean's heart thuds in his chest. So, that's the catch then. He has to figure out where the cosmic being is going to be before said cosmic being can catch on and avoid him.
Chapter title from Sweet Child O' Mine- Guns N' Roses
“Sounds like a personal problem.”  Sam stands and collects one of the fresh beers along with his half-drunk one.  “But maybe see if Jack will help?”
During each encounter, Cas looks more and more bewildered at his reception, but no less warmed by the obvious affection most of the Winchester family holds for him.  Apparently, Cas has not shown his face to any of them since Jack got him out of the Empty.  It's a thought that saddens Dean.  Did Cas think they wouldn't be happy to see him?
"Thanks, guys!"  Jack pops back out of existence.
And that is when Dean realizes what his trouble has been.  He's been trying to do what he's always done before; shoulder the burden by himself.  But he isn't by himself.  He has Cas.  And Cas doesn't need him to plan out every little detail.  Cas doesn't need him to be perfect, and in fact, loves Dean even though he isn't.  Cas loves Dean for every one of his flaws, not despite them.
"I think Cas is caught in it."  Dean doesn’t even try to not let his worry bleed in through into his voice.  "He said something about it being from the Empty.  Something happened when you went boom there."
Well, since they were airing all their dirty laundry now, Dean might as well get this out.  “But Cas, I didn’t even try to look for you.”  And no, he can feel the tears well up in eyes.  He lets his hands fall from Cas’s shoulders.
“Then why ain’t he here?”  Dean whispers brokenly, looking at his brother.  His vision blurs with unshed tears.
"Yeah, Cas?"  He idly traces his fingertips up the angel's sides, pressing lightly into the hard muscle.  The T-shirt Cas is wearing is fitted and shows off the shape of him in a way the baggy suits never have.  It does good things for him.
Quickly, Dean places a finger over the angel's lips, shushing him.  "I know. Home isn't a place; it's people."  He takes his finger away from the plush mouth.  "But…"  he sighs again, closing his eyes against Cas' dark blue stare, unsure of how to continue.
Having Cas like this- sleepy and content underneath him- after everything they've been through, is worth it.
“Oh?”
And suddenly, Dean can’t wait anymore.  Phil’s right.  He’s been waiting his entire life for this.  He’d be stupid to let it pass him by because he’s afraid of saying a few words.  So, gently, he hooks a finger under Cas’s jaw and tips his head up, looking him in the eyes.  “I want you to listen to me very carefully, you giant feather-duster.  All right?”
He feels a kiss placed gently over his right pectoral, and then the curve of his shoulder, and then Cas is shifting to follow his neck up to the line of his jaw, peppering kisses along the way.  At the corner of Dean's mouth, he stops.  "Perhaps, instead of thinking about what your perfect home would be," he murmurs against Dean's lips, "we should be thinking about
"Dean."  Cas's voice is a wreck as he reaches for him.  He's sweaty from the heat of the car and their bodies rubbing against each other.  Dean does as Cas demands and leans in for a filthy kiss.  He feels hands at the button of his own jeans and moans when knuckles accidentally press against his straining dick.
She’s getting uncomfortably close now, but Dean figures that’s just how angels are.  Cas used to do it all the time.  Still does, to be honest, though now Dean welcomes the intimacy rather than finding it uncomfortable.  While Anna was human for some time, she’d spent most of her life as an angel.  There’s probably something to be said for falling back into old habits.
"Hello?  Anybody home?"  Bobby.  Dean sighs.  "I can hear gunshots, so I know someone's here."
“I’m sure he’s just been busy,” Dean says firmly over Sam.  “Guy always did have more going on than he’d tell us.”  It’s weak, even to Dean’s ears, but he doesn’t even want to think about the other possibility.
Chapter title from Green River- CCR (In case it was in question.)
And Cas was fighting who knows how many of the things right now.  His gaze, when he had turned to face Dean, had been steady. Fierce. Every inch the soldier that he'd always told Dean that he was before they met.
“Thanks.”
Dean's head shoots up and he fixes Jack with a hard stare.  "Did he say that?"
Cas’s shoulders slump, obviously relieved that Jack has an idea on how to help his friend.  “Thank you, Jack.”
Dean waves her off.  “Thanks, but I’m good.  I’ve got an angel to catch up to.”
“Ew.  TMI, dude.”
I'm sorry!  It got long again!  I'm almost sure the next one will be the last one.  A huge thank you everyone that has left kudos and/or comments so far!
He studies the sleeping angel while he waits.  Cas looks better.  Most of the black smears are gone from his skin.  Jack has been able to close the largest cuts, so only a few small ones are leaking blue wisps.  A few more days and he’d probably be completely healed.
They finish dressing and Dean mutters a thanks before stalking out of the room, desperate to shower and wash the scent of sex and his best friend off himself.  He ignores the way Cas stares after him, a glint of something he doesn't want to identify in the angel's dark blue eyes, no longer as expressionless as he was before.
“Are you okay?”  It’s Annie, because who else here would approach an obviously violent and unstable man.
"But it would be nice if there was a place where you could always return to where you could be sure of your welcome?"  Cas continues to frown down at him.  "Your childhood home does not fulfill this need?"
"You called for me." Jack says placidly before turning in his seat to look back at the menacing clouds.  "What's that?"
Dean hadn’t even been able to respond, at the time.  To tell Cas his own truth.  At first, it had been because he’d been in shock at what was happening.  Trapped in a room with literal Death pounding at the door and no way out.  And yet...
“No, Dean, please.  You don’t have to say it.  I don’t think I can bear to hear you say it.”
Cas glares back like he knows what Dean is thinking before looking away with an offended huff.
“He’s hopeful,” Cas answers.  He’s sitting next to Dean, nursing a mug of tea.  Dean would give him shit for it, but Cas would just give him a look of utter bafflement at Dean’s distaste for the drink.  It wasn’t worth it, he had decided.  “Although, he assured us the process will be difficult.”
His mind blanks for a second when soft lips touch his.  For a moment, instinct to return the kiss wars with the visceral reaction to shove her away.  But, it’s Anna, someone he once shared something with, and he doesn’t want to hurt her.  He freezes, hands half-raised, unsure what to do.
And, it’s now or never, Dean thinks.  He leans up slowly.  As much as Cas had confessed to him before, on Earth, there’s no guarantee that he still wants this.  Wants Dean.  So, slowly, Dean leans closer, gaze flickering down to the angel’s lips, intent as clear as he can make it.
Dean fidgets with his tumbler of bourbon.  “If Cas doesn’t answer, then it’s on to the big guns.”
He tries to scramble back but comes up against the tire well of Baby.  The shadow swells, cutting off any possible retreat from the sides as well.  Dean has just enough time to close his eyes and think one last prayer before the thing swallows him.
Sam shakes his head.  “That’s not how he sees it.  He thinks he should have been there to heal you.  That it’s his fault you died.”
The kid shifts uncomfortably.  "Not exactly.  It's just," Jack wets his lips, trying to find the right words.  "He kept asking me for tasks.  Things to do.  Said he 'needed to do some good for once.'  And, well," he smiles sadly.  “It’s Cas.”
Jack and Cas both fall asleep almost as soon as the car starts going.  As much as Dean wants the answers that Jack promised him, he can’t bear to wake the kid.  He’s pretty sure an all-powerful cosmic being isn’t supposed to have bags under his eyes.
"Only if you want to," Jack reaffirms, like he thinks they could be pushed into doing anything they don't want to be a part of.  Like they would refuse, even if they wanted to.
It was great seeing Bobby again; Dean thinks as he drives away in the Impala.  His Bobby, and not that almost-but-not-quite-right Apocalypse world one.  The man had been more of a father to him than his own, he can admit to himself now.
He sidles closer to the angel.  “’Too strenuous,’ huh?  And what would that include?”  He wraps an arm low around Cas’s back.  They’ve only been together for less than a day and kissed a few times since the first, but Dean is already getting used to being able to pull the angel close to him.
“Is that the Roadhouse?”
And, also, a place where they can have sex without worrying about someone walking by at an inopportune moment.
Dean narrows his gaze at her.  “What do you mean ‘if he could’?  He’s an angel.  Why wouldn’t he be able to?”
Sam bites his lip, clearly uncomfortable with what he’s about to say next.  “Cas...clearly looks up to you.  And, Dean, I don’t know what happened between you two at the bunker before the Empty took him, but-”
Dean doesn’t even hesitate.  “What do you need me to do?”
He feels Sam reach over and grip his forearm.  “Cas loves you, Dean.  If the past several years hadn’t proved that, the night you died would have.”
Dean’s gaze whips back to the angel and stares, wondering if he’s going to start seeing it leak out of his eyes or something.  “It’s
"Then, what would?"
Jack closes his eyes, a distant expression his face.  Dean can see his eyes move under their lids, like he’s looking for something in the dark.  After a moment, he opens them again.  “He’s not far.  His wings gave out a few miles from here.”  The concerned crease is back between Jack’s eyes.  “Why did he try to fly?  He knows his wings aren’t healed yet.  I should go to him.”
“What do you mean ‘he’s gone’?”
Dean takes a deep breath.  “Right.  Okay.”  He’s going to say it.  Really, he is.  It’s just… big.  From a distance, Phil Collins filters in from the background.  “Not helping,” he mutters, glaring at the car.  She just turns the music up a little more.
If Dean is being honest, he's never really given much thought about the type of home he'd want for himself.
“So, you didn’t know what love was until then?”
He climbs into the backseat and curls up into the leather upholstery, coat draped over his shoulders.  He falls asleep easily, surrounded by the comforting presence of the one place he’s always been able to call home.
“Would that really be such a bad thing?”  Cas asks, his voice smaller than Dean has ever heard it before.
Cas digs the fingers of one hand into Dean's shoulder to the point of being almost painful.  "Just do it, Dean."  He releases Dean's shoulder and grips the table edge again.
“I still wish I’d tried.  Been able to do more.”  The tears are really starting to flow now.  This was so not how Dean had imagined this going.  “Do you forgive me?”
Helpfully, the Impala switches from Hall and Oates to Marvin Gaye.
Dean stares at him.  “You’re joking.”
He says a similar version of the same prayer throughout the day.  He tries not to dwell on it each time the prayer goes unanswered.  Cas hasn’t always been able to answer right away, so Dean figures it’s not too far out of the realm of possibility that Cas is busy.  That doesn't mean his prayers don't get more insulting as the day wears on and there's no answer.
Sullen, Cas begins picking up dirty tableware.
