“Well…” Peter recounted the story.
The flight back to the tower was awful. Tony’s mind was ricocheting between intense anger and gut wrenching pain so he never managed to fall asleep. He was absorbed in the former when he stomped into the tower. Steve happily ran over to greet him, “How was your business trip, Tony? I’ve missed you.”
“You were so embarrassed when the whole team showed up to the auditorium.” Tony laughed fondly at the photos of Peter in his graduation garb. The pictures clearly showed a blush on Peter’s cheeks and there was always two or more rowdy Avengers in the background. Clint had removed his hearing aids and blasted the loudest noisemaker he could find. Thor was tossing glittery confetti. Steve and Bruce looked like they were about to cry. Bucky and Sam were holding a large banner that read “Congrats Grad” with hand drawn images of Peter, curtesy of Steve, who was clapping loudly. Rhodey and Natasha were acting normal, but the pride in their eyes was evident. Tony was crowding Peter to take pictures and point out to others that “He’s my son!”. There were pictures of him with Ned and MJ, of him with Tony, and of him with May.
“Captain America has one night stands?” Clint finally shook off the initial surprise and joined the conversation.
He woke up to a stream of bright light in his eyes. “JARVIS, shut the blinds.” He groaned “What time is it?”
Bruce took several blood samples and ran a few tests. He realized that the ‘electric current’ that Steve felt must’ve actually been him absorbing some molecules that was causing the serum to break down in his body. The language was complicated, but Steve got the gist of it. Tony seemed to be deep in thought - about what, Steve couldn’t tell and it was starting to become unsettling.
“It’s not like you hadn’t seen the video before. Clearly, you were in it,” Peter quipped harshly before his tone softened, “Why would you say that to him? Legal status isn’t what makes a family. Steve is my family. He was the only one fighting for me instead of against me anyway.” His voice hitched near the end and he couldn’t stop himself from crying.
What was playful and affectionate in Tony’s mind was a death wish to Steve. He didn’t want to be ostracized, but most of all, he didn’t want Tony to face even more criticism than he already did because of him.
“Yep. There was a little issue with Tony, but nothing major. I actually think I’m going to go for a run before eating. Help yourself to all the eggs. A spider needs to keep up his strength.”
He tried to persuade her but when she politely refused a second time, he became angry.
“Would you care?”
I hope most of you enjoyed this work! I know my posting slowed down immensely as the summer came to an end but what can I say? That’s school for you guys. I hope to continue this in a similar fashion to my Another Avengers Fanfiction Archive series where it will be the same format of twenty something chapters that each consist of one stand alone one shot. It’s just a personal structural preference of mine.
Tony would recognize that voice anywhere. It was Steve’s. This did not look like Steve though. His brain was turning, trying to find a resolution for the cognitive dissonance between his conflicting observations.
Tony was speechless. He kept staring at Steve.
“And that’s relevant because?” Bucky seemed like he got it a little bit, but still wasn’t quite understanding.
“Yeah, I’m sure you really missed me.” Tony snapped bitterly.
Tony stood up from the couch with purpose. The kid was not allowed to just get away with whatever he was hiding. Confusion, anger, and anxiety swirled in his head and clouded his judgment. He called for his Iron Man suit and decided to fly to Queens. He let himself in through the window, ready to interrogate Peter. Tony heard the sound of running water in the bathroom, and without a second thought, he ditched the suit and marched into the bathroom. “Parker, what do you think you’re doing?” He yelled. Peter’s face morphed from defensive to surprised within seconds, “Tony, what? Be quiet, May’s asleep.”
Tony’s breaths sped up and shallowed as he thought about all the mistakes he’d made with Peter. How he didn’t deserve him. How he was corrupting such an innocent child.
Steve stepped down onto the sidewalk from the car. Shockingly, there were people screaming at him. It wasn’t as bad as when he’d come out with Tony, but there were still a decent amount of trespassers.
“Save it until we’re somewhere where I have my own room.” Peter grumbled, but he clearly looked happy for the pair.
Tony cupped his mug with both hands and greedily chugged his coffee. DUM-E broke the machine in his lab so he hadn’t had a cup in several hours. He was having serious caffeine withdrawals and needing to talk to Scott Lang wasn’t helping.
WARNING: Mentions of Past Abuse
“I have superhuman hearing and I can’t even hear what you’re mumbling.”
Tony was muttering a string of curses as he entered the dingy old place. It clearly wasn't made to be lived in as there was only one room with a couch and a pantry of canned goods. There was an extensive first aid kit and a large basket full of warm emergency blankets. The men hypothesized that it was a backup in case patrol workers got stuck on top of the mountain.
“Okay.” Tony went upstairs and showered off all the grease. He sat down on the bed for a quick nap before bed. Several hours later, he woke up to a dip in the bed and a warm body laying against him.
“Really soon. It’s getting hard to breath and my tongue feels to big and my throat is...” Steve sounded weird. His cheeks looked puffed up.
He cautiously wrapped his lover in a hug, which was returned whole-heartedly. It seemed to do the trick for getting Peter to cut lose because he slumped against Tony’s chest and began to sob in earnest. “He...I told May...and she called the police...he’s a registered sex offender,... but he didn’t get ... get any jail time. Just a fine.”
“And I teased him about it…” Tony felt a swell of guilt.
“-What hickey?”
“Why the hell did you call me out when I swore then?” Tony interrupted their little inside jokes. He definitely wasn’t jealous.
Steve rose an eyebrow at Tony before his face relaxed into relief. “Okay!” He happily sat back down on the couch. “Will you be done soon? I think we should have dinner.”
Unexpectedly, Steve Rodgers had stepped up to the job of forcing Tony to maintain a regular, healthy routine. At first, he did it to repay Tony for everything he had provided for the team. He let everyone stay in the tower, fed them, and gave them upgrades to their fighting gear. Tony was also a member of the team and as its leader, Steve felt obligated to keep Ironman in a decent condition. Slowly, obligation turned to choice which morphed into pleasure. He enjoyed the meals with Tony and cuddling with him on the couch.
“Are you alright?” Peter face stiffened In concern and he reached a hand out to feel Tony’s forehead. “I told you all of those late nights would make you sick.”
This included Clint who, after spraining his ankle jumping from the second story of a building, pretended he was completely fine by trying to walk back to the Quinjet. He failed spectacularly, groaned and fell into Natasha’s waiting arms before Steve carried him the rest of the way flashing the patented ‘I’m disappointed you tried to lie’ face the whole time.
“Natasha?” Tony poked at the person’s shoulder. He knew that guess was wrong, this person certainly was not built like the Black Widow, and Natasha didn’t do things like drunkenly crawl into the wrong bed, but it was the first thing that popped into his mind. She would be the only one even close to this size.
“I must’ve gotten it from you then.”
“I don’t know if we can exactly count seventy or eighty of those…” Steve’s voice trailed off as Bucky nuzzled into his neck. “Hey, aren’t you supposed to be in medical?”
By the time he had viewed every shimmering eye, he turned his head for a quick glance at his boyfriend. Peter had been shaking a little so Tony hugged him closer to warm him up a little. He fondly smiled down at the adorableness of his shivering spider when the light from a firework lit of his face. Tony was shocked to see the tears streaming down Peter’s face. He abruptly grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. Peter broke down into sobs and hiccuped.
Peter was a bit terrified. “We hurt him.” He mumbled over and over again. Tony was also in shock. Why hadn’t he even considered that Steve wouldn’t like a challenge that involved ice? The guilt gnawed at his heart and he felt like crying. He felt as terrible as when he realized how much harm his weaponry had caused.
In front of him was - a piece of paper? The others were puzzled but Tony went pale with recognized. A disembodied voice tainted him. “Tony Stark is the merchant of death. That’s all you’ll ever be. Your contract is signed in blood.” The writing went red and turned into a scene of the Avengers Tower where they all lived. There were missiles flying toward the tower with Stark written across the side. They were getting close. Pictures of all the Avengers, terrified and trapped in the tower popped up. Tony regained his composure and put on a smile reserved for media events he hated. “Making weapons is so not trendy anymore. You’re fifteen years too late to be making orders honey.” With that, the image disappeared.
In two days, everyone had packed their warmest clothing and prepared to hit the slopes. They clambered into a private jet and anxiously awaited their trip.
“Have we been attacked by Na’vi?” Tony joked as he came into the room. A timer went off and Clint moved to the bathroom to peel his mask off. Natasha, who silently entered seconds after Tony, pulled out her phone and took a candid photo of the group. It was a rarity for everyone to look this relaxed.
Peter reached excitedly as he grabbed a cupcake. He immediately inhaled it, staining his tongue blue. Natasha hid a smirk and Bucky laughed out loud. Despite being 23, Peter was still the ‘kid avenger’ and he definitely acted the part. He turned to Tony and made a pouty face, his blue lip sticking out. Tony wrapped his arm around Peter and kissed his cheek, “You guys don’t want to see what happens when you upset my baby.” He joked with the others.
Why were they sleeping in the same room? In the same bed? Tony was so deep in thought that he almost didn’t notice Peter shifting on the bed.
“Didn’t Howard make you one? It seemed pretty similar to some of these fancy modern ones.” Steve swatted Bucky hard.
“Woah, you were here seventy years ago?!” Peter closely examined the picture. “It looks so different.”
“Spiders can’t thermoregulate.” Peter blurted out.
“So you and Peter have been rooming together?”
The movie was enjoyable. While Tony was distracted, Steve ended up making his way across the couch to cuddle. Afterwards, they talked and talked about nothing, just happy to be together. Then Steve laughed too hard and one breath came out as a wheeze. Tony stiffened up and immediately started carefully studying Steve’s face, looking for further signs of distress. Once he found none, he make up an excuse about work and left the room.
Tony listened to Peter’s story and could feel the anger course through his body. Who was this man to hit on his boyfriend? To make him feel insecure and unworthy.
“SEVENTY? Are you kidding me? Minus twenty for all the bar fights. Another five for that time you broke your rib trying to climb the side of the porch even though it was covered in ice. Fifteen for eating out of the dumpster.”
“Are you sure you don’t want this for the fame, kid? Because I don’t really see you making any other valid points. It isn’t all fun and games being swamped with paparazzi and weird fans while you’re out in public. What if I didn’t think you were ready for it?” Tony’s concern made him lash out at the young adult next to him.
“You, of all people, know you don’t need to be dating someone to have sex.”
“-In one of our missions together, Tony swore over the comm and Steve called him on it like that.”
“Maybe.” Steve sniffled from his spot on the couch. “It’s just so sad. Simba doesn’t deserve this.”
“Hey, honey-“ Tony spun around with a towel on his hips “-Oh. You found out didn’t you?”
Tony vowed to do better, to be better and earn Peter’s affection back.
“Out with Bucky. I think they said they’d be at Macy’s.”
Steve only remembers the old version of the Pledge of Allegiance.
“Why’d he stop taking me then?”
“Did you want something?” The other person tilted to peek out from around Steve’s back. His voice was rough, but he was clearly less inhibited than Steve.
“Sir, Steve has left another message with me. That makes five unheard messages. Would you like to hear them?”
“Punk.”
“You’re the best.”
“This is the Falcon, I’m in the air and I’ve got eyes on Bucky. My wings are a bit banged up, but the solider looks unscathed.”
“Sexting?” Bucky didn’t understand.
Steve shrugged. “We lived together. I didn’t always wait for him to leave to…”
“Would that be a problem?”
“Mine” Steve informed him. “Were you looking for someone else?”
“Is that a new thing?” Bucky directed the question at Steve. “You never used to have an issue with swearing. In fact-“
“After the alien attacks and the killer robots, Steve needed to know that there was some piece of the world that he could relate to. He needed to know that even as a product of an old world, he could fit in a modern one. So when he gets overwhelmed by the newness of the world, he goes to places that remind him the world isn’t so different and scary.”
Once their drinks were served, Tony took a large sip and gave an exaggerated moan. He made sure Steve liked his as well. They slowly dipped their drinks while they conversed about different light topics. Tony recalled how he had made DUM-E and recounted some of the silly mistakes he’d made in the lab. Although Steve made a concerned face when Tony admitted to drinking a bit of motor oil from the machine’s “coffee”, the rest of the stories had him smiling and laughing.
The super soliders continued to speak over each other with a good natured tone. Bucky had an eyebrow raised and Steve was trying to look stoic. Both of their lips were twitching upwards as they surpassed giggles.
“No time like the present.” Clint moves to take Thor’s spot. His fingers were nervously tapping against his thigh, but otherwise he had a battle stance on. The mirror flashed and a man staggered out. He clearly acted drunk. “DON’T HIDE FROM ME CLINT” the man screamed. He had a dark smirk on his face. “Barney can only cover for you for so long. In the real world you’re going to have to stop being such a pussy and man up.” Clint’s eyes went wide as he surveyed the scene. He gulped and dodged his father’s punch, but much slower than his usual reflexes would allow. When the man realized his punch hadn’t landed, he became angrier. He turned to the side and swung at apparently nothing, but just before the punch peaked, a woman appeared and she was hit square in the face. She tried to smile but her face was twitching. “Don’t worry about me Clint.” Clint closed his hands into fists, he wasn’t a child anymore. He wouldn’t let his father do this. Deftly, he pulled out an arrow and shot his father. He joined Thor on the other side.
Steve kisses Bucky and pulled out. He was still mostly hard though. He turned around. “Tony?”
But despite the logic, the fear remained. He couldn’t stop the flashbacks of being tortured and brainwashed in a lab. He saw the grin of a man in a white lab coat as his blood burned. The grinning man morphed into a green snake. It stared at him, taunting him, daring him to fight. It coiled and shot at him. Bucky jerked away and glanced at different objects in the room. He was in a rotten mood.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony groaned. “I think pruny could be the new trend. Let’s just live in here.”
Tony and Steve were as affectionate as ever since the afternoon when Bucky set stony straight. Bruce was just on the verge of a breakthrough in bringing back Captain America.
They managed to sneak out without anyone noticing. Steve dressed quickly, a product of years of military training, and made it to the common area. It was an unusual sight to see the rest of the team up so early. They were raring to go. Sam already made food and Clint was in his boots. “Going to try the big hill?” Tony questioned him. Steve shook his head, “Maybe some other time.”
He thought back to when Steve and Tony got together. He’d officially been Tony’s son for a couple of years before Steve and Tony reconnected. There had been countless apologies and a whole lotta healing, but the men forgave each other, then they became close friends, and then they pined after each other for far too long. It took some trickery from Natasha and an ‘error’ from JARVIS to get them to finally admit their feelings. Then there was the awkward dating stage, the gross overly touchy phase, and then married life. Actually, the later two of those were still in effect. Their relationship was immortalized in another photo book, one that Steve had carefully put together.
Once his face was washed, Peter helped him put on a neon pink headband and held up two jars. “This one is for de-stressing. It has deep sea minerals apparently. This one is cleansing and pore cleaning. It’s got volcanic ash. Which one do you want?”
“You are?” Natasha smacked Clint’s arm. “How are you even a spy? Haven’t you seen his Bible?”
“And there’s a beautiful hike near the water’s edge. Apparently it’s wonderful in the early morning, but I’m sure it’d be pretty any time of day.” Peter gushed over a guidebook.
Tony couldn’t tear his eyes away, couldn’t bring himself to bring the room back to darkness.
“If you’re this bored at the tower, you could just ask me to build something for you. I could add waterslides to the pool or more training sequences to the gym. I could make an escape room that…” Tony’s voice trailed off as he got lost in thoughts about modifications in the tower. He hardly noticed Steve move over toward the bedding section.
“Hi, it’s Steve. I can’t tell if you aren’t getting these or your just ignoring me, but I really need to see you...”
Tony pulled his best fake smile and the woman seemed appeased. As soon as pleasantries were exchanged and the screen turned black, Tony jumped to his feet and sped-walked out of the room. He was a bit disappointed to see Peter hadn’t responded to his earlier message, but it was quickly overwhelmed by the happy anticipation of telling Peter about his plans.
“They must’ve renovated this place, because I don’t think Stevie and I ever visited anywhere this swanky.” Bucky glanced around the room. “Come to think of it, I don’t remember staying in any hotels. We didn’t have the money for that.”
Tony was speechless. When he did speak, his voice was soft and garbled. “But...the bruise...” He touched his neck.
Bucky's having a bad day. Steve makes it better.
“Really?”
Bucky looked at him in confusion. “I’ve heard you say worse.”
Peter noticed the panicked look in Steve’s eyes and the way he was actively trying to repress his trembling. The blanket probably wouldn’t even help Peter anyway. He should just let Steve keep it. He shook his head and tried to smile, but his teeth ended up violently chattering, causing Steve to rush over.
The rest of the attendees giggled before returning their attention to the screen. Steve just shrugged like he was used to it.
“Thank you.” Peter’s voice was only barely audible. There was silence for a few minutes while Peter composed himself. When he exited the stall, there was only a slight tinge of red in his eyes to prove that anything had been amiss.
“Steve, your back...” Tony gasped.
Steve put on his best face for the media and walked up to the podium. This wasn’t a planned PR event or the Avengers making a statement, this was a complete surprise to him. It didn’t matter much, all they wanted from him was to say the Pledge of Allegiance before their speech on Memorial Day, and he could do that.
“You didn’t say ‘under God’ in the Pledge of Allegiance during the memorial ceremony. They’re blowing this up way too much.” Clint supplied. “It’s just been this whole thing recently. Like should kids have to say ‘under God’ when they recite the Pledge even if they’re in a public school? Does that God refer specifically to the Christian God or can it be taken as any higher power you want to worship to? Etcetera. Etcetera.”
“Peter’s heart rate is slightly increased and he is perspiring more than his baseline, but within a healthy range”
“Mmhm. I love you Tony, more than I can ever show you, but I’ll keep trying. You’re perfect to me.”
Tony decided their next vacation would be somewhere warm. And it would be private - just him and Steve.
Maria looked up from the fridge and saw his smile. She blushed a bit in return, and then reached in, grabbing an apple. “Leave me alone.” She fussed, holding the apple in front of her. She stared at it and then put it back in the fridge. Maria stepped away, grabbing her tea again, and Tony’s grinned widened more as she brushed by him, attitude flaming from her skin.
The Sand had a friend, but was lied to. The Sea made love to the Sand, but desperately wanted to touch the Moon. The Moon tried to brighten the Sky using advice from the Sun, but the Sky was already dotted with so many Stars and just because the Moon was sometimes full, he still disappeared the next day. Whether this was from lack of confidence, insecurity, or the Sky thinking she liked him sometimes and then sometimes didn’t, was a mystery to Tony. And finally, the Sun, who always left and then came back, the Sun who Tony had first initially called out for cheating, the Sun who made the entire world revolve around him, he realized, was unintentionally everything everyone wanted sometimes.
The Sun looked like he kissed the Sea, but he didn’t really. The Sun looked like he wanted to run from the sky, but he didn’t really. The Sun looked like this and the Sun looked like that, but the Sun was just doing his job.
"All the way down there?" Steve asked. "Don' be silly. Come up here. Plen'y o' room..." He said simply, and then crawled back to the wall. Tony's eyes widened, but he didn't hesitate to get off the floor. He anxiously crawled up onto the bed, getting under the covers and laying next to Steve. He held his teddy to his chest and swallowed, sitting perfectly still next to him. He watched as Steve laid his head on his pillow, seeming perfectly content with Tony in his bed, and then something occurred to Tony that he hadn't realized before.
But the times Tony found himself truly content was when his mother stroked his hair, kissed his cheeks, and hugged him to her chest.
Tony felt his gut twist in his lower belly.
Slowly settling into Steve's grip, Tony fluttered his eyes closed and hugged him back. Even if Mrs. Rogers wouldn't be too pleased with seeing them like this in the morning, at least it wouldn't be his father finding them instead.
“Oh, no, he turned away.” Sam hummed and turned back around to smile at Steve, grinning.
“You told me to get a life, and I did. I did everything for you. Everything. Every day I loved Peggy, I thought of you. Every evening I spent out, laughing, making new memories, I thought of you. I told myself that it was all okay, that everything was okay because I was happy. But you don’t understand what it's like to live with survivor guilt, Tony-”
This night was not going well.
“I cherished every moment, Tony.” He said with the same caress the ocean foam had along the sand.
“Stop talking!”
Tony began to feel tears well up in his eyes.
But Joseph Rogers died. Roger none. Roger gone.
“But really, Steve. Why? You could have gone to Peggy, found all your old friends-The Howling Commandos. Why me? Why Natasha? Why the Avengers?”
been going well, but now? Now Tony was terrified.
“What are you doing.”
It was 11:30 PM at the Rogers' residence, and Tony had been doing fine for the most part. Mrs. Sarah was very nice and made them spaghetti and meatballs, and even let him and Steve watch T.V. a little bit past bedtime.
"Young Stark, we've arrived at the Rogers' residence." He smiled up at him, though his eyes softened at Tony's expression. He turned in his seat, tilting his head at the boy.
This is essentially another filler, fluffy chapter. I'm really sorry :(. I'm still working on the outline of the story, but I've almost got it complete. Probably wont update again until after Christmas, as I'm doing an art project with a friend of mine :D, and obviously midterms are coming up (i have those at the end of every semester).  As much as I love writing, it is really hard for me sometimes so I deeply apologize. Next chapter, real plot will weave its way through.
His loving parent Sarah Rogers and his somewhat loving parent Joseph Rogers met at a tiny little cavern near a tiny little farm in Ireland somewhere, and later migrated to New York where Steve was born in Brooklyn.
“You’re being sweet.”
“Sweetheart,” Steve breathed, lips brushing his. “We have an eternity of Time.”
The Sea gently kissed the Sand over and over again as Tony pulled up to the place where the Sand cheated on the Sea, where the Cement met the light grains of dirt. There he climbed out and walked through the pinking Sand, which may have colored from the embarrassment of being in between the Sea and the cement, but mostly just reflected the dusk skylight. It would be wrong for Tony to assume there was anything romantic going on between the three, but he did like a good love story, especially a love triangle. Those were always exciting.
Clint was purple, a deep silky liquid, and his skin glowed much like Natasha's moon-like hue. Though Steve would admit that Clint was constantly changing his tints and tones and shades and highlights, he remained monochromatic. Not once did he appear to be anything but purple, and that didn't have to mean he couldn't be something more. His eyes and his hair and his lips and his scars and the deepest parts of his skin held galaxies of every form of purple. Clint was unique, because no one else could do this, at least not anybody that Steve had painted. To remain so simple yet so abstract and largely varied inside the box that was Barton, Steve found impressive and endearing to say the least.
“He’s staring again.”
And because Thor was made to do that, he got up and left the cafeteria to follow in her footsteps, despite the screaming terror in the back of his mind that made excuses about how something was not right with the way his feet hit the ground, how he should really be focusing on finishing his story that he had been telling to Fandral at lunch, how he should go talk to Tony Stark about the astronomy assignment he didn’t quite get, or talk to Barton about the math homework they had received the night prior.
“I know exactly what that's like-!”
“Do you… have any 6s?” Tony asked. Just as Natasha swallowed and opened her mouth to respond, her gaze shifted over his shoulder. Her eyes softened more, and she closed her mouth, smiling gently.
Tony hadn't expected
Thanks for reading!
Tony chuckled at that. “That's what I thought of you, and yet…” He gestured at him and then huffed in fake exasperation.
Roger this, Roger that.
“Why are you here?”
But the time of day, the smell of food around him, the students who hadn’t even bat an eyelash at their exchange, were not the problems.
“Still looking…”
Enjoy it while it lasts... :)
“I love you too, Anthony.”
Thor was gay, was terrified, and was confused.
Tony just decided that the world was sitting inside him and left it at that.
Ah, what Tony would give to receive some sort of lovely recognition from his father, as if it were something he should earn and not be given unconditionally.
Steve felt himself tense just slightly. Tony. Tony Stark.
But what was Tony supposed to do? What could he do? There was no way he was going to get any sleep tonight without his bear, so, away from the prying eyes of his father and mother, he stuffed his teddy deep into his bag and hoped they wouldn't notice its disappearance over the weekend.
Anyways, the title speaks for itself.
But that was just phase one. The second phase... he was far more terrified of.
Steve knew what he wanted to do once he graduated high school. He knew right where he was going.
Tbh if Steve Rogers isn't in love with each one of his friends then I don't wanna live anymore
make a mistake. But Anthony..."
When Joseph died, their last name went from Rogers to Lost. Sarah and Steve Lost, lost the man that was supposed to keep his family healthy, support his family. Roger this. Roger that.
It was a rarity for that case to ever occur, if it ever had in the first place.
“Now we have all the time in the world, Tony.” Steve said, taking his hand.
Yeah, Steve noticed. Tony Stark was not a subtle guy, far from it. Every grand entrance, every movement, every flick of his wrist, every lift of his eyelids, every step in his goddamn feet from his heel to his toe, had purpose, screamed for attention to the world that, “Hey! Tony Stark is right here!”.
But sometimes when she kissed him it didn’t settle well with his skin. Her lips were too soft, it made him feel wrong in comparison, and her boobs always felt uncomfortable against his chest.
Most days Thor would find himself happily snuggling up to Jane’s back, holding her sides, rubbing her soft, thin stomach. He found himself content with touching her, kissing her hair, smelling her skin. It could have been perhaps the relaxed affection he always felt for any human, romantic or platonic.
Steve didn't respond, just simply rolled over and pulled Tony close.
Tony loved going home.
Tony sat up abruptly and licked his lips, staring at the Sea. Though the stars were visible there the Sun was, dipping into the Sea, peeking over and cascading his final, deep, orange breaths along the Earth that Tony could only see suffering from the lack of him.
Nothing could be worse than that.
Steve smiled at Tony’s immediate reaction, chuckling slightly. “No, that’s not what I meant. I mean I left, came back. I… I gave Sam the shield, and... I met Morgan, Tony.” He said gently.
He chewed his lip, clutching his bear to his chest, before finally walking over to Steve, pushing him just a little bit to stir the smaller boy.
Though Tony had a big, teasing mouth, he caught people’s interest because he seemed both in and out of touch. One moment you felt like you were his best friend, and the next you realized you were just like everyone else that kissed his gravity. Steve was the opposite, but all the same in a different sense. He was kind, caring, always remembered your name, but still remained closed off, secretive, and with his pack of friends that you would never find yourself in even if you dreamt it.
When he was partially down the hallway, he was suddenly filled with. “Jesus Christ.” He groaned as he made his way to a bathroom. A bead of sweat rolled down his forehead just as he tensed up and came into the toilet. He tried to fix himself before leaving to complete the rest of the trip.
Peter and Tony laughed a little before recognizing that something was off. "He’s not breathing” Peter observed. Steve’s eyes were open, but they were erratically jumping to different spots in the room. He was shivering way more than expected and he was hyperventilating. He was panicking.
“How long have you been dating?” Peter asked enthusiastically.
That was definitely a good idea.
As soon as Tony laid on the cot, Steve curled up against his chest. “I don’t care about the mistakes. I’m going to take my time learning about you, hopefully you want to do the same with me.”
“Besides that last one, do you need anything for those? Should I keep a physician here?” Tony was relieved that the last item was only a joke, but the all the other ones were worrying. “How’d you survive all these things during the Depression?”
Steve deflated. He’d been so close. It was obvious that Tony didn’t like the reminders that Steve was “sick”. Maybe when he had reassured Steve that he didn’t mind the deserumed incident, he hadn’t known about all the illnesses. Tony probably didn’t want to have to deal with a sick man. Steve couldn’t blame him for that. Bucky had spent so much time making sure Steve was cared for enough to stay alive and that meant the world to him. He probably wouldn’t be alive right now if it wasn’t for his best friend, but if Tony didn’t want to deal with that stuff, he obviously didn’t want to force it on him. Steve never wanted to be a burden.
“-It’s okay. I’m actually pretty tired. Skiing really takes it out of you. I’m going to go to sleep. Goodnight.”
Peter’s face flushed redder than the warm water had already made it. He moved to get out of the water and Tony followed suit.
“Was it not a hotel?” Sam interjected between bites of food.
“I feel so betrayed. You didn’t tell me?” Clint put a hand over his chest and put on a fake hurt expression.
“He said that you’d owned plenty of sex toys and made me choke.” Tony glared at Bucky before looking at Steve who immediately averted his gaze. Tony was about to celebrate his victory by gloating in front of Bucky, but was interrupted by Steve’s soft voice.
“I thought it was cute that you thought Steve didn’t swear because he was old.”
And they fit together. Steve would silently listen to Tony, knowing he didn’t have to truly focus his mind and be attentive to what the other man was saying. Tony would talk, not expecting anything in return.
“You don’t want to sleep with me?”
The next day, Steve and Peter were ready to join everyone else on the black diamond route on the top of the mountain. They were still more cautious than the rest of the crowd - trying to determine the layout of the twisty trail.
With those words, Peter left the room and headed to his bedroom. An hour later, he heard a soft knocking at his door.
“That’s because you do stupid things.”
For the next month, Bucky was sporting a full sleeve tattoo on his left arm. He loved it.
“Stop trying to apologize. I don’t accept them.” Tony frowned a bit.
“Yeah, he’s just so frail like this.”
“Tony, I -“
Tony was snapped from his thoughts. The red head was looking at him expectantly. He glanced at Pepper who flashed an exasperated glance his way. She moved her hand to indicate that he just say yes, keeping the gesture hidden from the camera’s view.
Tony had to force himself to stop his hand from making a fist while he mentally vowed to find the name of the man and have him blacklisted from everything he could think of.
“No matter, I’ll buy you one. Let’s go.” Tony hopped out of the car and handed the keys to the valet. The bellhop handed him a heated blanket, as requested, and went to remove the luggage from the trunk. Tony opened Peter’s door and wrapped the heated blanket around his shoulders before they walked into the lobby together. Tony spoke to the receptionist and asked for a swimsuit in Peter’s size, which a staff member immediately set off to get. He then led Peter through the lavish halls and up the elevator of the luxury hotel and into a room marked ‘Spa’.
“What do they know,” Tony grumbled.
@tonystark
“I’m just saying this is a retirement neighborhood. Sixty and older. You visiting someone?”
“How’s Wakanda?” Tony had been dying to know what the legendary country was like.
When the moment had passed, he realized Tony hadn’t come. He started to ride him again, working to please Tony and only Tony. He actively tried not to get hard again, because then Tony would focus on him again.
“That’s right. But today is a Papa and Sarah day because Daddy’s at home with your new brother.”
“Sweetheart.” Steve crouched down to be level with Tony, who tore his eyes away from their son to look at Steve. “What’s really bothering you?”
Reply to @booksb4looks, @spidermanfanparker, and @smarterthanyou440
SAVAGE, MJ
Except no it fucking wasn’t. That was
“Hey, Dum-E. Have you seen dad?” he asked, betting the robot’s claw for good measure. Dum-E beeped and hung it’s “head,” shaking that no, he had not seen Tony. Steve pursed his lips and squinted his dry eyes. He should have just stayed in bed--Tony would have found his way there eventually. “Any clue where he went?”
4/4/2018 1:41pm
“Sure,” he said, even though his entire being was screaming at him to just disconnect the damn webcam and forget this happened.
(See the end of the chapter for
4/4/2018 1:50pm
“Do you think he’ll take it? And the meds the doctors gave him?”
“I’m twenty,” Steve defended.
Steve rolled his eyes. “You know that I used to babysit all the kids in the neighborhood. Couldn’t get a real job so I looked after the kids while their parents went out and got money. And yeah, they grew up. But the relationships we had together grew as well. They changed, we evolved, but we were no less close.”
Huh. Tony hadn’t thought about that. At all. He just assumed that Steve went along with it because he was too polite not to. Now it almost sounded like Steve wanted it.
@cptsteverogers: Babe, seriously?
“Hey,” Steve croaked. His mouth was like sandpaper.
“Hey, no, hey. It’s okay,” Tony assured. “Seriously. The only reason I pointed it out was because we’re both in Boston. I’m at MIT.”
Once he was sure she was asleep, Steve tiptoed out of his grandmother’s room. His bare feel slapped lightly against the cool tile as he walked towards the garage. When the door swung open, he felt a knot in his gut; Nana’s car had a thin layer of dust on it, unused since she got sick. Unwilling to worry himself sick, Steve grabbed his bike from the back and maneuvered his way around the car. The car that he’d first gone to the drive-in in—Nana let him stay out late so he could watch
This one is going to give you cavities.
… developed programs to help people with trauma, such as Binarily Augmented Retro-Framing.
“Were you ever going to tell me?” Tony asked. From the corner of his eye, he could see Bucky raise his gun, expecting an attack. Tony wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of sinking to his level.
Tony looked up from his book. Steve was standing in the doorway, head bowed, looking a little lost.
@cptsteverogers
“Hey, baby, shh,” he said, standing and then picking her up. “Shh.” He bounced her and she soon resolved to sniffling.
(4/4) We’ve made incredible strides as a nation but we are not there yet. Unfortunately, men still have incredible power over women. It is up to *us* to end internalized and societal misogyny.
(3/4) When I was born, women did not have the right to vote. They did not have rights in the workplace. That never stopped anyone I knew.
“I love you, too, Tony. I’m so, so sorry. I’ll… start going to the therapist. And taking the medicine like I’m supposed to. I’m going to get better for you. I’m going to get better for us.”
“What happened?” Steve seemed to jerk into total consciousness, feeling up his chest and arms.
Tony grabbed a glove to make sure his hand was sanitary more than to keep Steve’s blood off him and grabbed an antiseptic. He began treating the wound. After a minute, Steve frantically tapped Tony’s shoulder.
Inside were stacks of old photos, trinkets, and pictures from the war. His blue eyes raked over the contents with reverence.
Unlike everyone else, Peter knew Tony like the back of his hand. As soon as the man they’d met in the hotel started raving about this place, he’d known that Tony would insist on visiting. Apparently, they made the “greasiest, cheesiest, most-delicious burgers in the world” and who could resist that review? Tony had looked Peter in the eyes and without speaking, they’d both known they needed to make a stop on the way back home from the technology expo they’d been at.
“We’re idiots.”
Clint hobbled into the main room where the rest of the team were patching themselves up. Early on, Bruce had insisted on having at least one room constantly stocked with basic medical supplies. In true Stark fashion, Tony had a giant room built with everything the team could need post-mission. It also contained experimental drugs that Bruce had cooked up in his chemistry lab.
“What’s gross? Who’s Charlie?” Scott chimed in.
“I didn’t want to hurt him.”
“I need to go.” Tony rushed toward the elevator.
“Ah. No. It’s not a problem. It’s not a problem at all. I wasn’t upset when I choked. That was just surprise.” They hadn’t slept together yet, so Steve hadn’t really had the chance to see Tony’s stash of sex toys.
“Wow, it’s late. I need to go for a -“ Steve pushed against the bed but his arm faltered a bit, unprepared to exert much strength. His eyebrows furrowed as he sat up in bed. He looked down at Tony and then at his own body.
Tony’s heart started pounding in his chest. He picked Steve up and called out for JARVIS to prepare doctors in the medical wing. Once he got in, he left the work to the professionals, not wanting to interfere with Steve’s standard of care.
Clint nodded. “That makes sense.”
Tony was speechless.
Bucky protested, but Peter unleashed his wide eyes again and his words fell flat.
Peter had to spend the next few minutes explaining the term to all the old men in the room.
“I’ve been having fun!” Steve answered enthusiastically.
What the hell?
Tony fondly remembered Peter in his swim trunks. The water glistening on his exposed muscles. He never tired of gazing at his boyfriend, no matter how many times Peter blushed and looked away after meeting his gaze.
“...Do you want to talk about it?”
“Can I sleep alone?”
Peter glanced over the book in confusion. He was expecting a bit of banter. At least a sarcastic comment or two. Tony did not like hiking and he definitely did not like getting up early. He took what he could get though, maybe it was just the excitement from the trip. They explored the trail the next morning at dawn.
Peter hesitated for a moment, mulling over Tony’s words in his head. He then smiles and cuddles into Tony, feeling safe and loved, “Thank you for an amazing fourth.” He whispers.
“I’m sure Natasha would be able to set you up if you’re looking to get some action man.” Clint offered.
“Oh. Oh. OH.”
Steve instantly became concerned when he saw the whole team, minus Bucky and Bruce, glaring in silence at him as he arrived. He immediately assumed his battle stance.
“Me too.” Natasha smacked Steve on the butt on her way out and winked at Clint.
Peter had been awestruck when he met Captain America .The idol worship became respect and admiration when he experienced the Captain’s leadership prowess and fighting skills on the battlefield. Then, Peter met Steve Rogers. Steve Rogers drew cartoons of the Avengers and left them on sticky notes around the house. He made hot chocolate if he noticed someone was having a difficult time sleeping. He listened attentively to Peter’s problems in school and offered solid advice. He took care of everyone. That’s when Peter knew he platonically loved the man. And if he helped Natasha in setting Steve and Tony up, well no one had to know.
“They aren’t fascinating.”
“Well, I thought you might deserve a bit more rest if you were up late last night watching T.V. or whatever it was that caused you to fall asleep on the couch.”
“Don’t lie to me. I know she’s working a night shift right now,” Tony frowned, “Seems like your favorite pastime recently is lying to me. Did your hero worship finally clear away? Have you realized that you’re just dating an old man with a lump of wealth built from immoral means?” He hadn’t meant to let his insecurities leak into his rant, but he wasn’t thinking. His angry expression as he noticed Peter was looking back at him with a horrified, miserable look. “That’s not true,” Peter muttered. Tears started leaking down his cheeks,”I’m so sorry, Tony. I promise I was never in it for the money or the publicity or anything like that. I know that everyone’s been saying stuff about me, but I promise that it’s not true. I love you. Please don’t leave me. I’ll be better.”
“Yeah.”
“It was perfect.” Tony kissed Steve gently and pulled him down with him. Tony quickly fell asleep and Steve marveled at his peaceful sleeping face.
Steve smiled and went over to Peter’s room to grab the heater and all the blankets. “Might as well have twice as many.” He explained.
“I’m really fine.” He assured them. “Shirt’s a goner though.”
“Slut.” He growled. “If you dress like that it’s clear that you want it. Don’t be a fucking tease. I was just being a gentleman but you bitches only want ‘bad boys’ anyway.”
Peter stopped picking at his hands and just clasped them together, giving himself a moment before continuing. “He texted me. Asked if maybe I wanted to watch a movie at his apartment. He picked one of the ones I had mentioned I wanted to see. I said yes. It became a normal thing - we would hang out and watch movies or play games. He would buy me beers and stuff and we would just talk. I started to really trust him, you know? Then, one day I told him I was bisexual. I was only really out to May, MJ, Ned, and you at the time so it was a big deal to me.”
“-They started it. And I didn’t always swear during-“
“Um. Yeah?”
This is bad.
“I’m not going to eat any of it. I just want to collect some for testing. C’mon, it’ll be fine. Don’t worry so much.” The natural scientist in Tony wouldn’t allow him to just leave behind all these carefully catalogued jars. So what if he couldn’t read the script? One of these probably cured cancer or something. Yeah, he definitely needed to check all of them.
“What?”
“What changed?”
Natasha nodded.
Peter studied Tony’s face for a moment before deciding to believe his words and pressing a kiss to him.
Tears were rolling down Peter’s cheeks agin. He was clearly struggling with the effort to keep his crying down and avoid sobbing. Tony’s hand was shaking. His mind was full of strong emotions. He actively suppressed his rage, not wanted to scare Peter in his vulnerable state, and focused on comforting Peter.
Steve rose an eyebrow. “Okay?”
“It’s called the Ice Bucket Challenge. People dump a bucket of freezing cold water on themselves and then donate money to the ALS Association. You nominate others at the end of the video who are also supposed to take up the challenge. Several people have nominated the Avengers.”
“I can imagine what they’re for.” Bucky smirked “I think I don’t need it attached to my arm though. I’ll buy my girl a toy that does that if she wants one.”
—————
“Let’s go to Fiji.” Tony wrapped his arms around Peter, who was fixing a skillet of eggs.
A gasp erupted from the other side of the room and immediately, all three men were on edge. They relaxed when it was revealed that the woman wasn’t in any trouble, she was just a staff member who recognized Steve.
Steve glanced thoughtfully at his pencil. “I guess they never came up since I never had them around him.”
“Maybe you should actually take him up on that offer - actually figure out everything wrong with you. We do have to keep you alive for at least until Bruce can figure the serum stuff out. You trying to put all that on me again?” Bucky’s voice was teasing.
Tony stumbled in a bit later. “Mmgh”
“I don’t think they need anything. Steve just wanted to visit.”
“Tony? What are you doing here?”
“Maybe for an alien.” Steve retorted, but he seemed less suspicious than before. He stood at attention in the doorway.
Peter beamed and turned to kiss Tony. “I would love that. When? Would you be able to take that much time off work? I know you’ve been busy-“
As the day progressed, Steve and Peter got better and better. Peter picked up on it fairly quickly because of his superb balance. Bruce’s tips were helpful as well. Tony checked in every once and a while and attempted to pressure them into joining ‘the adults’ but was unsuccessful.
Tony’s face must have turned into one of horror because Clint quickly added “If you hate dogs and have them banned from the premises or something, just remember, I’m only the messenger.”
“Is that why you never wore any of the things I bought you?”
“Probably,” Steve admitted, “It’s in my room if you want to test it.” He was always prepared for an attack.
“I’m so sorry man. Stay as long as you need.”
That is, it was peaceful until Thor broke out the Asgardian mead and accidentally shorted the fuse box. Tony, being the genius he was, was able to restore power to pretty much everything, but the heater was shot. It was unfortunate, but Tony revealed that he had enough high powered space heaters to keep everyone warm.
He paced in the corner of the room as they administered another shot. A nurse explained to him that Steve was having a severe allergic reaction. Tony felt awful as Steve threw up his lunch.
Steve hadn’t exactly been in a relationship since he was thawed out. Even before he was thawed, he didn’t get around much. There had been the few blind dates Natasha set him up on in the beginning and a couple dates with a male SHIELD agent who eventually admitted he was only attracted to his body, but nothing serious. In the thirties, PDA hadn’t been much of a thing and PDA between a gay couple was unheard of. Those who tried to show their love in open spaces were jailed, killed, or chemically castrated. They became outcasts of society. They were deviants in the eyes of their peers. Everything had to be done in privacy to ensure that the relationship was safe.
“Did he mention where he was going?”
Two weeks later, Tony was slumped over his lab bench. He’d just finished his latest improvement on Sam’s wing pack. He’d been up for more than twenty four hours, but the thrill of finishing a project pushed one last surge of energy through him.
“No. It doesn’t hurt. I just feel a little strange - probably just tired and hungry.”
With his enhanced senses, he could see the news ticker and hear the host discussing whether or not Captain America believed in God. One of the men at the table was arguing that he obviously didn’t because he was openly gay and unrepentant about it. The man next to him cut in with an argument that the Bible never actually condemned homosexuality and that being religious and being gay were not mutually exclusive. The woman across from him interjected.
“What?”
Tony, in the other hand, couldn’t sleep. He kept thinking about what was going on a few doors down. He’d never really considered it before, but all things considered, they weren’t really that different age-wise. Peter was in his early twenties and, if you didn’t count the ice, Steve was in his late twenties. It was only a six year difference. They were both seemingly innocent people - didn’t swear, blushed at Tony’s inappropriate jokes...
Steve winced at Tony’s question and made to apologize again, but Tony shook his head, “Not offended or mad. Just shocked.”
Tony hadn’t stopped working since breaking things off with Steve.
“It makes you anxious?”
Tony sighs and smacks his forehead for the fifth time on this trip. “I hate magic.” Him, Clint, Steve, and Bucky has been taken by Thor to Asgard when monsters had appeared on earth. They weren’t a huge threat, but they lashed out because they were lost and confused. Thor has promised that getting some kind of magic item would allow them to convince the monsters to return home and ensure none of them made their way to Earth ever again.
“Yep, last night we decided that-“ Steve blushed because he usually wasn’t very vocal about his PTSD.
Peter playfully swatted his shoulder. “Only you would think you could make wrinkly hands into a fashion trend. Come on, I want to go see our room. Plus, I’m hungry.”
“Ew, can we just pretend we still don’t know you’re dating so you can go back to hiding?” Clint whined as Tony stated “No flirting on my ship. You also need a technology lesson terminator.”
Finally, compassing the rest of his forearm was a caribou with intricate metal antlers extending out from his head.
“Damn spies” Tony grumbled when Bucky’s leap didn’t make any noise. He could never understand how they did that. “Hey, Steve can you come with me to…”
“Yep, this is it. They’re coming to get our stuff.”
**Also, a person’s sex life can be a very personal thing, and there can be a lot of reasons why they are or aren’t having sex. Don’t tease or pressure people about their choices, and definitely don’t slut shame or prude shame.
Bucky spun around with his hands up for Steve to examine. He made a twirl motion to gesture that Steve should do the same.
“What happened?” Sam opened the door, surprised to see Steve looking devastated at his door in the middle of the night.
“Well, I’m just going to assume you want that privacy. I’ll be in my room for the next hour watching Netflix if you need me.” Peter exited through the doorway, warily staring at Tony, who hadn’t spoken as much as normal.
“I know that, but-“
Warning: Mentions Sexual Content
“You swore like a sailor. There was so much feistiness trapped in your tiny body. I’m pretty sure you would explode if you didn’t pick a fight with one of those bullies-“
The day after, he pled with the AI for hours to just let him see Tony for an hour, but it’s orders were strict and Steve’s attempts were all unsuccessful. He slumped against the wall as he accepted defeat. “I guess we’re moving out Charlie. Sorry, I won’t be able to afford someplace as nice as this.” Steve’s voice broke as he spoke. He tried to focus on packing his things, but his thoughts always drifted to happy memories of him and Tony.
“So it’s basically a super strong aphrodisiac?” Tony snapped at his AI.
“It must’ve been that stupid Doom weapon.” Steve’s expression became frustrated. “I need to call up Bruce.” He turned his attention toward Tony, who was still trying to piece together what Steve was saying while he observed the man’s body.
He burst through the door. “Steve, I...” His voice was breathy and utterly wrecked. He stopped talking when he saw feet over Steve’s shoulders.
“It wasn’t a hickey. Please believe me.”
“Do we have to go through this again? The silk sheets we have are-”
“JARVIS, where’s Steve?” Tony spoke quickly, wanting to go on a date to celebrate. Sam’s latest problems with the wings had been tough. Tony struggled to think of a repair for weeks until an idea came to him in the shower. He’d been half-naked when he rushed down to his workspace. Thankfully, Steve provided clothes, food, and water during his several day long engineering binge.
“Are you crying?”
Finally, Steve made his presence known as he stepped behind the couch. His mouth was open. He was speechless.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Are you alright?” Steve asked worriedly when Bucky emerged. He had taken much longer than anyone else, and they all knew he had terrible demons. He stepped foreword to provide a comforting touch, but Bucky jerked back like he’d been burned.
Steve’s heart melted. He didn’t even notice his phone turning on in the back of his jeans as he crouched down to help the little guy.
Well, that was the plan.
“Only the best for you darling.”
“-Why not? Has Steve bribed you to hide his embarrassing moments or something? Because let me tell you,I will definitely be hacking in and watching all of those videos.”
He also felt a little jealous. He’d always known how important Bucky was to Steve, and he was truly secure that they were never romantically interested in each other. He didn’t mind the cuddling either: he knew they cuddled for warmth and support and as a way to show platonic affection ever since they were children. He was jealous of Bucky’s experience with skinny Steve. The way the man could calmly react to anything Steve threw at him, from asthma attacks to dizziness to headaches to heart palpitations, was something Tony desperately wished he could do. He wanted to be the one to comfort Steve. He wanted to touch Steve more. He just didn’t want to hurt him.
She shook her head. “No thank you.”
As soon as he saw Steve, Tony immediately asked “Did I do something wrong? I can’t think of anything specific, but I’m sure there’s something. Please just let me know and I’ll fix it. I’m so sorry.”
Steve tried and failed to look at his own back. What was he talking about? And ‘Steve’ instead of some nickname, he must really be surprised.
“Anti-communist rhetoric. You learned about the Red Scare and the Cold War, right?”
“-Not offended, its just impolite.” Steve cut in, fixedly eating his eggs.
“I am. I don’t go to church much anymore. It wasn’t the same as I remembered it. When I was younger, me and ma went every Sunday. The people were so nice. They always gave me extra clothes and sometimes invited us over for a quick meal.” Steve grew nostalgic. “But these new churches weren’t as much of a community. Well, maybe they were, but they all saw me as Captain America and eventually started doing ridiculous things to get me to stay at their church because they thought it would pull others to do the same.”
“Steve…sleeps on the floor?”
“That okay with you?” Bucky asked Steve who had just cum all over his stomach. He stared into Bucky’s eyes and nodded, slowly and deliberately. Bucky turned back to Tony, “You can finish up before you give an answer.”
“It wasn’t bad.” Steve answered. He took in the sight before him. Clint was seated on the floor with his back against the couch. His face was entirely gray. Peter and Thor were both lounging across the couch. They each had a headband on and their faces were also covered. Peter’s was a bluish color while Thor had a pretty intricate mix of blue and grey that Steve assumed mimicked war paint.
“Is that why you were so apprehensive about skiing?”
Tony just kept looking between Steve and Natasha “What? How? Why?”
In the coming weeks, there would be five times Bucky showed the Avengers Steve wasn’t the nun they thought he was, and one time he was exactly that.
“It is time for the colorful explosives!” Thor shouted and practically sprinted to the balcony. Although there were many members who suffered from PTSD, they had learned that even Bucky and Tony enjoyed fireworks as long as they were planned and expected.
“Don’t sound surprised. You know I was the first person he really hung out with after coming out of the ice. Plus, that was right after the ice so he went pretty often.”
“Don’t say it Steve. Don’t even think it. I was unimaginably wrong yesterday. You’re Peter’s father. Who gives a shit if the government recognizes it? Who trusts them anyway? I love you. Peter loves you. He looks up to Steve Rogers and you can’t forget that because I’m the worst person on the planet.”
Tony grimaced. He hated that the stupid decisions of his past could upset Peter.
The room brightened a bit and sure enough, his boyfriend was standing there in front of him. His hair was tousled with sleep and his arms were held out in a defensive position. His lids were still a bit heavy with sleep. Tony smiled inwardly at the sight. He didn’t have many chances to see his boyfriend waking up, and he always loved when Steve felt safe enough to fall into a deep sleep that left him groggy when he was woken up. He knew the solider usually slept light and could be up and alert in seconds if needed. He’d seen it on missions. Groggy Steve was a trusting Steve. Tony loved that the tower made Steve feel safe.
Peter opened the car door. “Are you sure you want to drive first? I can take that shift if you want to nap. We do have five hours to go before we get back to New York.”
Tony pulled Peter close and had him leaning against his chest in a comforting position. “It’s not stupid. You can’t help the spider stuff. You’re different from everyone so you need to handle things differently from everyone. If that means you need to find a safe space from a situation that makes you uncomfortable, it’s totally fine. In fact, it’s necessary. I don’t want you exerting yourself to the point of pain just because you assume it’s what the team wants.” Tony murmured, “Everyone here has something that plaques them - PTSD, flashbacks, nightmares, and more. Saving the world is a scaring job, don’t feel ashamed to ask for help or assistance.”
After coming home from a particularly boring meeting, Tony was touched that Steve had thought to leave him a voicemail. Tony hated traveling to the satellite branch of Stark Industries in LA without his loving boyfriend, but the daily calls made it bearable. He plopped down on the bed and requested that JARVIS start the playback.
“This is similar to the war paint used by warriors back home!” Thor enthusiastically boomed as the other two men entered the room. “Hello Steven and James! How was your trip?”
“Most of the team started younger than I am now. I already love working in a lab and Spiderman is totally a part of my life now. There aren’t any ‘other options’ I even want to try. Plus, you revealed your identity really soon. Is it just that you don’t think I’m responsible enough?”
Teasing Captain America about being a virgin does not go as planned for Tony and Clint.
“It’s good, right?” Tony gleefully questions his boyfriend. Steve hums in contentment to validate Tony’s choice of drink. For their third date, Steve had suggested a relaxing picnic in Central Park. Of course, storm clouds had to release a downpour to rain on their parade. Tony salvaged the afternoon by suggesting a fancy coffee shop he visited often due to its location near the Stark Industries building.
Natasha nodded thoughtfully. She remembered when he came home, distraught over his search for the right church. She, albeit not a religious person, pointed out that personal worship was a thing that he should look into. He found that he much preferred a personal connection with God rather than being weirdly stared at throughout mass.
(See the end of the chapter for
They had a nice dinner conversation and played a board game together. When Steve and Tony retired to their bedroom. Steve saw that their TV missing.
“Macy’s?”
Right after he managed to shovel a whole pizza and several spring rolls into his stomach, Steve knocked out on his and Tony’s bed. It was a miracle he even managed to strip the suit and rinse off. He was out for about an hour before Tony joined him, maneuvering the super solider so he could cuddle against him.
Bucky and Steve aren’t very tech savvy.
Steve breathed out loudly through his nose. “Tony, it’s cold in here. Come over to the couch and at least warm up. I know you’re upset about me sleeping with Peter, but he isn’t fifteen anymore so I don’t know why you think it’s so weird.”
Sex pollen - what more can I say?
“Nope. You should still do that. Just choose someone else to star in the video or donate the money without a public show. Ms. Potts could do it. She is the standing CEO.” He was stubborn in his resolve.
The photo was of showed Steve casually sitting on a barstool with a drink in his hand. It was clearly from the 1940’s when he was fighting WWII. The caption read, in French and English, “Captain America visiting during his leave in 1942.”
“Usually” Clint echo’d
“You’re a terrible role model.”
Thankfully, Tony knew what to do. As soon as he saw his boyfriend’s insecure face, he showered him in loving and uplifting words. He surrounded him with compliments that had nothing to do with Captain America or the serum.
“Are you sick?” Peter shot up in bed, eyes wide and panicked.
“I’m not the same man you fell in love with. I don’t have all of my memories back and I’m not really in love with you without them.” It was a complete lie and it physically hurt Bucky to say it.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s a shame that war made it so hard to develop a relationship with someone afterwards though.”
Peter splashed in the waves and enjoyed the refreshing water, but he couldn’t help noticing Tony’s fatigue. “Do you want to go in and sunbathe?”
Tony nodded vigorously and gave a relieved smile. Steve leaned in to kiss him. When they pulled back for air, he said “I guess I’ll have to forgive you then.”
“I just don’t want to do this anymore.”
Everyone looked expectantly at Steve as he blew out the candles in the red, white, and blue cupcakes on the table. The surrounding room was completely decked out in patriotic decorations, and there was a mountain of similarly colored presents on the coffee table.
He was surprised when Peter pulled out a damp washcloth and wiped down his arm. He was being so careful and staring at it with so much admiration. Bucky wanted to tell him he didn’t need to act like it was so delicate, that it was pretty much unbreakable and he couldn't feel anything, but the kid’s intense stare deterred him. He felt so warm when the kid looked at his arm, a weapon of mass murder, like it was a beautiful thing.
The robot beeped in compliance. Natasha had a sparkle in her eye. She missed the natural snowy landscapes from home. Clint was also grinning. He wanted to practice a biathlon. Bruce found skiing the less steep slopes therapeutic and was very much on board to go. Thor was excited to test this new Midguardian sport. Sam was curious to try a large jump with his wings on.
Tony’s heart broke as he realized how many insecurities Steve had been hiding. Steve halfheartedly tried to shake him off, but he just held on tighter. “You aren’t weak. You’re one of the smartest and strongest people I know. I don’t like you because of the attributes you got from the serum or the superhero image you project. I like you because you're the man who was intelligent enough to navigate an entirely new world. The man who was strong and stubborn enough to make his place in a modern world. The man who was kind enough to take care of my emotional mess of a person after my break up. The man who forced me to keep myself healthy. Wait, that’s wrong. I don’t like you just because you take care of me. I like the cute cartoons of the team doing ordinary things. The way you adore Netflix documentaries. Your integrity to follow through with promises. Your loyalty to the side of justice. The way you’re willing to sacrifice everything you are for the greater good. Actually, don’t sacrifice yourself. I’m not great at this…”
“Get rid of that pesky virginity.” Tony added, nodding his head thoughtfully. “I think it’s a great idea.
“A case of stupidity.” Bucky snickered and Steve smacked his shoulder.
“We know you didn’t bring anyone home last night. You were just up late in the lab Stark.” Clint called out as he entered the kitchen. “Do I smell eggs?” He greedily snagged a bite from Steve’s plate.
Tony quickly reassured him that he loved that Steve spent so much time with his long lost friend. He admitted that he always felt bad about disappearing to the lab for long times and liked that Steve had people to hang out with like Sam and Bucky. Steve had shown his love in the form of some mind-blowing sex that night. Again, the outings were forgotten.
“Stevie? Innocent?” He glanced around the room in a little bit of shock.
“What’s there to talk about?” Steve looked confused. Bucky’s expression was puzzled.
Steve walked over to a nearby mirror on the wall and realized what everyone was looking at. “Damn.”
“Honey, I’m only confident I could make it a trend because I’d have you model it for me.”
Steve didn’t stop. He continued grinding his hips into whoever was laying on the bed. “Fuck. I love you so much.” Steve groaned. The other person mumbled something incoherent in response. The room was filled with grunts and creaking. “Ah.” Steve tensed and shuddered. Tony was distracted by the flex of his butt.
