Bucky had also become very acquainted with the local library, borrowing books left and right for Steve to read while he was at school or doing chores. But no matter how many distractions Bucky managed to provide he knew the one thing Steve wanted desperately was to just go outside and be free. Free to run around and just soak up the sun and get dirty.
Holy Fuck!
“Yeah, you used to spend mighty long hours in there. Not so much anymore though.” She stated simply.
The walk back to his quarters was long, arduous and daunting.
And so without any further ado, on with the show!
He scratched his wrist absently.
Tony just shrugged.
Consequently, the hard part of this fiasco by far was the blackhole. Most of his team had been deployed to New York City. From what they had gathered so far, the hole was small and mercifully stable.
“Okay, I can destroy them but it’s going to hurt and it’s going to be scary. Okay? There are others on the way that are going to help us but we need to get out of the city.”
He could not stop himself nor think of any of the implications, he needed to touch Tony.
“Jarvis initiate the ‘tough nut’ protocol and the lockdown protocol.”  Tony shouted. “We need to protect the compound.”
"Will that be all, my boy?"
“Looks like you are about to kill over, man, you should submit.”
Tony did not know how long he had been sitting on the cold tile floor of the infirmary listening to the un-even heartbeats of Steve's heart monitor. Each beat played out rhythmically like a glorious hell song. Each wretched heart blip on the monitor was becoming almost imperceptibly slower counting down to the crescendo of the awful song that would inevitably lead to harrowing silence when his heart stopped completely, irrefutably marking the death of Steve Rogers.
Tony groaned audibly in his hands. Seriously, this whole fucking thing was an absolute nightmare. It had been three days since he had the brilliantly stupid idea to break James Buchanan Barnes out of the strongest super max prison in the world and five days since Calamity took Steve.
“Look, I know you are upset.” Tony started.
Steve chuckled, “That still doesn’t explain what you’re doing here.” Steve smiled.
Steve wanted to vomit.
What little jagged pieces were left of Steve’s heart began to crumble.
"No." He said finally.
“The time has come, my love, are you ready?”
The Avengers immediately went to a retelling of the insane predicament that they had found themselves in.  Ending with the conclusion that the assailant must be alien in origin.
As Tony stood before his newest battle-ready suit, taking in the intricate design, the genius ran his hands through his dark hair in complete frustration.
She emitted another long sigh and plopped down on the couch next to Steve.
“It’s been ten hours since he has awakened.”  He heard Hank speak again.  Someone else spoke but he could not hear their response.
They needed to keep moving forward.  Fury knew that the alien foe likely chose the school on purpose to distract them.  Bruce was right this thing must certainly know now that they were on to it.
"I know Babydoll, your perfect." He said as tears began to slide down his face. "But I can't forget about Tony. You can't expect me to just forget about him." He stressed.
He saw how they would sneak glances at him of varying levels of relief. Relieved that he was being so complacent. Natasha still eyed him warily. That’s okay, he wasn’t too worried.
Tony blinked in surprise when the Rhododendron was no longer on top of him. The red flash he saw led him to believe that Thor must have taken the bunny away. He did not have time to breathe a sigh of relief. The mother's cry of frustration shook the very ground around him. He turned his attention back to the hole. A bony claw scraped against the ground mercilessly.
“I’m the keystone?”
‘Way to be a weirdo, Rogers.’ He chided himself. “I, uh, just had a feeling.” Not a lie. “Must have been the calluses on your hands, my mother had them also.” Also not a lie, perfect save. He congratulated himself.
Tony gets into some Hot Water and gets saved by an unlikely source.
He began to reach for Tony hoping for some sort of respite from the torrent of emotions whirling inside of him. He had never been so afraid. Something very bad was going to come to pass. Before he could even reach Tony it began.
He looked at her face expectantly, wholly unconvinced.
“Cap! Cap! Can you read me?” Hawkeyes voice was urgent.
“Dumbass, they did have sex toys back in the good ole days. Probably been around a couple hundred years before that even.” Barnes snapped.
Steve wondered what exactly that ment.
Steve and Tony were terrified now.  There was a behemoth of a ‘but’ coming and both had a very good guess as to what it was.
They stared at him in shock.
“You got hurt saving the world.”
Steve switched tactics and moved to place Bucky in a headlock.
“After you disabled the core of the super zapper and-and were unconscious, Calamity showed up and healed you.  It was bad, man.  Look I-I know she mostly wanted to play games with Tony but…”
Tony looked up and groaned.
Steve’s mind came to a grinding halt before slowly starting back up. Tony was here to take him back.
A/N: And Another one bites the dust. What did all of you think? Yes, Now I’m dragging Tony through shit but I can’t help it. It will all eventually make for a better ending. Hehe.
He needed to get back up the stairs for a moment to hear what was happening. When he reached the top of the steps his blood turned cold. He could see out the window that there were thousands of the zappers roaming outside. There were a few floating around inside the house. Steve watched as a couple managed to squeeze through the little nook and crannies along the doors and windows and pop up the other side.
Despite himself Tony glanced over his shoulder to see if he could spot Thor for himself. From what Tony could tell he was hovering several hundred feet above the pseudo-void. His red cape thrashed violently against the tempest winds as he unleashed a devastating attack. The resulting sound of thunder shook the genius to his core.
Soon they will be free and Stark will be dead.
"Perfect!" Tony said in delight. "There are still Wi-Fi networks I can piggyback off of."
I would also like to thank everyone who left me a review I appreciate each and every one of them. They are my fuel.
“Ah, Peg, you don’t gotta,” She crossed her arms. “I mean you know how much I just love doing the dishes. You would be doing me a favor by letting me wash them.”
What?!
Tony's eyes widened then turned to Steve slowly.
He trailed off though knowing he may have said a bit too much. There was a big difference between being afraid to go home because no one would be there to greet you and being afraid because someone was…
Bucky took a step back.
Could it?
Escape is not an option. Well if they cannot flee or hide from this thing then they were just going to have to face it head on. And that is exactly what our fine Captain was thinking.
Why!?
“Okay, good, good.” Tony sighed with relief. He knew something like that would be information overload if it were true.
Everyone, Tony included, watched with bated breath as she hooked her fingers around a concealed chain and tugged it out of his shirt. She tentatively slipped it over his head then held it up to inspect it. It was the flash drive she had given him all those weeks ago. The one that held the nearly impossible code.
"No, who are you really?"
Steve looked up at her with hope filling his soul.
How did he escape prison?
“But what about the keystone thing?  What if we stopped her from using it?”  Darcy asked.  Many visibly flinched at her question.  “I mean, if we could figure out what or where it is…”  She added.
They began to move forward and Steve punched out the first one in the way. It hurt like hell but he had to stay strong for the kids. They kept moving forward and Captain America punched out one after another after another. His hands and arms felt like they were on fire. He was in excruciating pain but they had to keep moving.
The aftermath of Tony's encounter with Steve.
“Calamity? If you can hear me, please, come to me. I need your help!” He shouted out loud berating his foolishness every step of the way.
After days of adamantly avoiding Steve, he had the audacity to look Steve in the eye and tell him it was for his own good.  It took everything he had not that pop him one.
"I'm fine, please." He pleaded. "Just go back to bed." He told her with no room for argument.
The genius moaned miserably, “Yeah, I got to work on that. With it combined with the rendered data I’ll be able to lock on to Calamity’s energy signature and negate its influence. I’ll be able to see exactly what’s going on in the victims’ minds and eventually sever her connection to them and release them from their comas safely. If I tried to sever the connection without knowing what’s going on inside their heads, I could feasibly cause needless trauma.”
“You are stupid and insane. I don’t even know why you are so hell-bent on jumping through so many God damn hoops for me. I sure as hell am not worth it.” He uttered despondently.
A/N: Woot, What’s going to happen next??
Tony swore then and there that he was gonna kill the guy. He was going to rip that man apart!
Tony bit his lips as he suppressed a cry just as the progress bar completed and the screen turned dark. The entire room went dark.
He hadn’t even reviewed the footage of the escape yet. He knew he’d only make himself sick doing so. Jarvis sent him an alert when he was halfway to Texas and he had immediately turned around and headed back to the tower. When he had finally arrived he found Natasha distraught and the tower in shambles. He found Colson and Scott knocked out and then became utterly enraged to discover that Jane and Darcy’s blissful sleep was drug-induced. He was beside himself. He was so furious. He had Jarvis search every media outlet possible looking for any sign of the wayward captain. He hacked security cameras and cell phones like. He was so angry he hunkered down and focused solely on finding that treacherous bastard. He didn’t have the mind to review the footage leading up to his escape.
As soon as Hank stowed his phone away into his pocket every one stared intently at him looking for answers but still too shocked to voice their inquiries.  Hank, recognizing the desperation on everyone’s face, quickly dove into an explanation.
Thor only chucked as he rose bidding Tony and Steve a farewell.
“Stay down!” Tony shouted at him, his legs squeezing around the Captain’s broken torso.
Being confined to a bed could not, would not stop him from drawing on newspapers, grocery bags, and other scraps of paper Bucky managed to scrounge up for him.
Pepper merely rolled her eyes. She really should have anticipated this.
The rest of his team was either incapacitated or otherwise fully occupied.
“Really!? What finally knocked some sense into your sorry ass?” Clint demanded skeptically.
“Yeah.” Steve replied as he shifted.
“What are you going to do?”
"What? No! When?"
He was frozen on the spot.
“Fuck! Okay, we will have to do this the old-fashioned way.” Tony growled as he began to take careful aim at the villainous group.
“Yep, sounds about right.” Steve laughed. “Well, let’s get these documents back to Earth and see if we can’t give Calamity a little bit of hell!” The Captain gave Thor a toothy grin.
Steve could sense her sincerity and melancholy. It weighed down on him with a turbulent force.
Why!?
“You have no idea.” He replied bitterly. “What you’re seeing now is only approximately one one-millionth of it.”
“Will do Sir.”
“It will and you threw the rest of your life away for nothing!”
“And we just aided him.” Sam commented dryly.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Well you know this really annoying guy a told me I should really try to be more aware of my health needs and eat more.” Tony said waving his apple about for emphasis.
“Jarvis activate the aid bots.  Verification number 879756 pedestal.”
“No, no the simulations are still…  They’re…  Just shut up and follow me.  Everything will be explained when we get there.”  Tony replied with shoddily veiled anxiety.
(See the end of the chapter for
They had both sat down on the seats available that were adjustable to achieve the best view.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he got out of bed he asked Jarvis for the current standing.
“I can try.”  Replied Steve facing the city.
They sat quietly for a time, Tony with his head in his hands and Barnes practicing his dexterity, tapping each finger to his thumb in sequence.
End Chapter 29
“Always a pleasure, Sir.” Jarvis commented.
Sarah Maria curtsied Ellie with a smile and Ellie giggled and curtsied back.
"It's going to be okay, Babydoll. Mommy is strong and the baby will be here before you know it."
Tony swore up and fucking down that he had never been so god damn happy to see Nick Fury’s face.
“My dear Steven, my keystone has not met the proper conditions to work.  It is as simple as that.”
“Come on, man, we knew you’d come around. It’s what Steve would have wanted. There’s no way you were going to let any real harm come to Barnes as long as you knew Steve would never forgive you otherwise.”
Tony gave him a gentle smile, “Always.”
“I mean if you weren’t strapped down to that gurney, how good would you be at, you know, fighting and running considering the extent of your injuries?”
Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes. These people seriously did not know the severity of the situation.
Okay so this chapter was a beast! It took forever to hash out. I even had to cut it shorter. So, fair warning, chapter thirteen will be itty bitty in comparison. I just couldn’t consciously post something so massive. Without any further ado, On with the Show!
“Die how?”  Steve spoke rattled, distressed at the new level of complexity this whole nightmare had taken on.
As he watched Sam’s horrible attempt at first aid after realizing the extent of Barnes’ injuries, Tony came up with a few productive ways to spend that time. He had already promised himself that he was going to fight for this world. He had to crack that code.
Dammit!
“So I’ve been told.” Tony rose an eyebrow looking at Barnes expectantly.
The soldier shouted at everyone to get away as quick as possible. The hole pulsed then dilated even wider.
She passed by the room holding the asset. She glanced at his prone form briefly before moving on. She cringed thinking about the first time she laid eyes on the fat man’s deadliest weapon. She had never felt more fear then when she stepped into the presence of that thing strapped to that contraption. The fat man said it was to keep it under control. She felt sick. The kind of monster it must be to go through such lengths to keep it “controlled.”
All kudos, theories and comments welcome.
Only Captain America and Iron Man remained on their feet. Steve realized with a start that this was the first time encountering Calamity face-to-face for most of his team.
Bucky nodded.
Barnes suppressed a laugh. “Figures.” He muttered.
Steve made the awful mistake once again of looking down at her puppy dog face. How was it even more intense than the previous one?!
"Understatement of the year." The man muttered.
"Yeah, I know Babydoll, but you're going to eat it regardless." He said firmly but not unkindly.
Whilst Hank was still on the phone Xavier addressed Tony,
“Mr. Stark! I will have you forcibly removed if you continue to—“
Yes I know how the nine realms function in the original mythology but for the purpose of my story I'm treating the branches of Yggdrasil as quasars. A system of galaxies and worlds all connected by the spark of life.
He prayed desperately to whatever deity would listen that he wasn't too late.
“Hmmm…” Tony looked at everyone’s expectant faces.
“Where is Tony?  And Natasha and Clint and Johnny and everyone?  Did they make it?  Is everyone okay?”
Steve eyed her suspiciously. "Oh? You don't say."
But then, he thought, Steve didn’t know how he felt! He didn’t know there could never be anybody else as long as he lived. Not like this.
“All right team, let’s do this.”
He laid back dramatically over his little makeshift nest and look at the moon in the sky through a broken window. He wished he had someone else with him so he wouldn’t have to do all this alone. His stupid masochistic mind thought that Tony would be the perfect partner in his asinine self-appointed mission. But no, he had to be against him in this.
“THOR!” The Avengers said in unison happy was hell to see him.
At this rate he was going to die.
"Shit! Try to keep them safe, Jar. They're the only thing standing between the civilians and the enemy."
"Yes, in my wanderings I did find those methods to turn time around and to put back together things that are broken but with it also came the knowledge as to why I should not. Things happen for a reason, things are the way they are for a reason and to defy those reasons, those laws, is to bring about cataclysm, catastrophe and calamity." She smiled ruefully. "It still doesn't stop me from trying."
Fury continued, “And remember to document everything. Even that which you deem insignificant, it could be useful.” Fury stopped and looked at his phone.
With all of these thoughts swirling around in his head he sat and watched as the sky changed colors as the sun was setting.  He continued to watch as the first of the glimmerings stars appeared in the heavens.  By the time the sky was as black as ebony two thoughts kept circling around and around in Steve’s mind like a mantra: no cure, they were just kids, no cure, they were just kids.
Barnes tilted his head to the side. “From what I have gathered he is quite the coffee enthusiast.” He supplied.
“I was going to kill Nat. That’s what I was aiming to do.” He whispered. “If she hadn’t knocked me out…” He cut himself off.
Steve resolutely ignored her, he could feel his attention straining to look upon her visage. He was afraid if he gave her any of his conscious attention he would give in and accept that he was meant to be here now…
He sighed then continued his explanation. “But last night was different, after you left Natalia came to me. She had made some equally good points and somehow I fell asleep.” He thought hard for a moment “actually, she may have knocked me out, but somehow the result was… cathartic.” He mused. “When I woke up I- I felt… better. Things just seemed clearer somehow.” He tried to convey with a painful smile.
They both started laughing boisterously, earning them odd looks, neither noticed.
Bucky nodded. The twins shifted closer and made themselves more comfortable sensing a long story. The Captain wanted to roll his eyes but refrained.
“Indeed, I would say Agent Coulson is right.  We need to keep our minds calm and our thoughts clear.  We need to balance ourselves with serenity.”  Professor Xavier soothed putting an emphasis on serenity as he projected such feelings telepathically.
Discussing his concerns with Tony will perhaps shed some light on the situation. He hopes that Tony’s opinion on the matter will possibly help alleviate his anxiety. If his gut feeling is right, then at the very least they should prepare for the likelihood that a terrible mission will be underway.
She appraised them exasperatedly, then sighed. She walked to the table and grabbed the scanner then pointed it to Tony.
The Captain smiled knowing that no matter how much an attitude Tony possesses, the man’s heart is still in the right place… most of the time. Tony caught his look just before Steve turned away just as Fury started to speak again.
“That may be so; however until then your mind is my open book. On that same note, Captain Rogers, it may please you to know that whilst you stumbled upon that particular site by a misunderstanding, Mr. Stark here ‘stumbles’ upon that specific site often of his own accord.”
“Now we need to contact Thor. How long will it be before your ‘space phone’ is up and running?” Tony perked at the mention of his ‘space phone’. He’s overly proud and exceedingly fond of that particular invention.
“Oh? Is that an order, Sergeant? You should know I don’t take orders well.” Tony snarked as he activated the wand.
And yet…  No no, not going there.  With those thoughts constantly going back and forth inside his head Steve made his way to his assigned quarters to change into something that will help him survive Tony flinging him about in the night air on their way to whatever restaurant the crazy genius had found.
The entire realization hit Tony all at once. “No you don’t.” Tony tried to counter.
Her phone went off not moments later. She took it out to look at it.
“You know how I feel about this kind of thing Tony, you know!”
He sighed again.
Bucky was shaking with fury.
They all smiled.
“Hey, hey it’s ok. It’s all taken care of trust me. You just relax, please.” Oh shit, Tony just said please.
They did combat simulations the first couple days at the compound to get used to each other and to get a feel for how they all operate and function as a team. The first few hours were pretty gnarly. However Professor X laid out a pretty inspiring and eye opening speech. It was a brutal slap in the face but no less true. Even the most petty and cynical of the group put their differences aside to play nice.
That punch that had connected threw him for a loop. Even when they were fighting like cats and dogs in the beginning never had he been on the receiving end of such fury from Tony. He knew this was a very probable possibility yet he was still surprised by how much it hurt. Both physically and emotionally.
"And how will sacrificing innocent people accomplish this?"
Finally, in the far right back corner of the barn where once a stable resided, was his makeshift studio. He b-lined for it, taking in a woodworking station just off to the side. It was likely where he created the canvases. He walked into the area and observed several canvases covered in cloth. There were maybe ten or twelve of them. He gently uncovered the work he created with great care and took in their visage with a critical eye.
Bucky looked at him skeptically.
Hearing Tony’s viewpoint on the issue was helping Steve to calm down tremendously. Tony pulled up other schematics on the computer.
"Others?" Steve frowned.
He remembered who he was, where he came from. He remembered being that scrawny kid from Brooklyn, joining the Army, becoming Captain America, losing Bucky… He remembered waking up in the future and becoming a part of the Avengers. He remembered falling in love with Tony Stark and getting deeply involved in the Calamity case. And, he recalled mournfully, sealing the deal with Calamity and subsequently living out a perfect, peaceful little heaven.
"The deal!"
“Override accepted.”
He sighed in misery. 'Well that just happened.'
“I’m listening.” Bucky said finally after a long awkward pause.
During a lull in the conversation Steve took the time to study the lovely almost delicate woman in front of him. She was young, very young. Perhaps eighteen. Her pale skin was flawless and her hair was a pale blonde. Her cheekbones were sharp like her eyes but the pale green hue softened her features. Yet, there was something remarkably familiar about her. He was sure they had never met before. It feels like he could have met perhaps an older relative at some point. Who knows? With his Swiss cheese brain anything is possible.
Steve stared at Tony for a few moments mulling over the geniuses arbitrary words.
“Seriously though, it makes sense right?  If this thing prefers targeting people with tragic upbringings, we would be perfect subjects especially now that it surely knows we’re looking for it.  We must now be on its radar.”  Bruce added not sugarcoating it in the least.
Angie spilled out of the car. Steve rushed to catch her.
“Idiot!  How would I know?!  It’s not written in English you fool!  Get me a translator!”  He screeched.
The Calamity case is finaly near its closure but Anuk still has a few trick yet.
Pepper remained unfazed. “It’s not my life that’s difficult. It’s the people who aren’t waking up and the others who have to watch helplessly, Tony! This isn’t about you or me. It’s the whole world that needs you to get a grip!” She let go of him and he flopped back down to the floor painfully.
“Okay, this will work very similarly to that one but only for a moment.” He held out what looked like a tiny ball.
"But not anymore?"
Tony sighed, "Cutting the power or removing the reactors would only destabilize the gravitational field and potentially make it expand to cataclysmic proportions."
"He has soft dark hair that I just love to run my hands through."
“If I could I’d try to find them now but I just can’t.” Steve said haggardly.
“I don’t know, if it earns me more points, I think I can dig some more up.” He said tapping the side of his head.
“At least I’m not the one wearing a pink bunny suit!” Tony rebuttaled, scanning desperately for an opening.
“Hello Sir,” Steve greeted respectfully, quickly offering his hand and continuing “I am Captain Steven Rogers and it is an absolute honor to meet you.” Steve finished shaking the Professors hand excitedly.
Before he could descend into mental hysterics a voice rang out in his mind.
“Ok here’s what we can do: You contact Thor with your, uh, ‘space phone’, he and Asgard has abundant knowledge of other alien races. If there is an alien behind all of this then the Asgardians would likely know. We should also get Dr. Banner in on this, you need to send him the information that you have gathered and have him look at the patient files and see if the ‘specialist’ missed something as well as get his general opinion on the situation.” Tony perked up at the Captains commanding tone.
He gave Xavier a sideways glace, indicating his distain at the Professor’s warning against a full scale lock down. However he did refrain from openly glaring at the Mind Reader, reminding himself not to show such childish behavior.
“This is so ridiculous!” His heart screamed.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers! I-I mean Captain Rogers!" The boy stammered.
"Indeed, it may seem that way. However, would it truly be so bad to leave them be? You have seen the worlds I have created for them? They are happy and at peace. How is that not better than to be ripped away from that peace and forced back into this hellish existence?"
That was the missing piece.
"Five kilometers to Rockaway beach." Jarvis intoned.
Everyone watched the screen with bated breath, waiting for anything to happen. Gloria was still conversing with Martha but it looked as if they were ending their conversation.
He directed them to the next room over where they found at least a bowl of fresh fruit and a coffee pot.  Making sure Tony had eaten at least one apple and had a steaming mug of coffee in his hand Steve led them back to the lab.  When they arrived Tony almost immediately went back to work.
“Really Tony? Thirty six times?”  The Captain inquired incredulously.
“Well, I escaped to find you before anybody else could.”
She returned his smile.
Tony only looked at him sadly and shook his head.  Now that he was finally face to face with Tony since he woke up in recovery, he could see now how haggard the genius was.  He looked like he has lost a few pounds and had even fewer nights of sleep.  Whatever was happening was bad.
“Mr. Stark and Captain Rogers are of no bother to me. Please allow them to continue.” Xavier stated in absolute authority yet somewhat gently as if talking to a child.
"I do not expect you to. It is what it is."
“I couldn’t knowing you’re out there somewhere.” He sighed knowing he was going to have to explain the other side of this complicated mess. “I was angry with them, I had literally days left and they wanted to keep me locked away. You know how I hate that.”
Bucky paused in his task and looked up slowly.
“I know that! God, I know that, okay? I’m a pathetic piece of shit, I get that! Obviously, I’m the one that drove Steve away somehow. I just want to know why!”
Please leave me a review and let me know what you think. All comments, questions, and theories are welcome.
“You should have just let me handle it from the start.” Tony replied coldly, the robotic overlay on his voice from the suit making him sound all the more icy.
"It's just…" The soldier sighed relentingly. "I'm not worthy." He said as his fingers traced the edge of the silver star.
He sure as hell did not remember getting married or having a child.
Oh, that did not sound good.
“No! Don’t be stupid, you can’t fight him!”
Steve worked his way deeper into the city trying to get everyone he could out of the biggest danger zones. Soon enough the Captain heard some good news over the coms.
Anxiety is high and tempers are flaring. Gotta keep it together. Plus a little back story.
“You never meant to live through that day.” Tony stated.
Steve wanted to be right there with them.  He wanted to be able at a moment’s notice be of use if they need him to be.  He watched as they worked going over various diagrams and schematics.  It was at times amusing to watch because all three of them had very different methods of working.  But they kept it professional and they clearly kept in their minds what they were working together for.
The battle with the Mother and fake doom bots takes a nasty turn. Will they survive?
Steve found he liked the idea of the barn as his studio rather than to house unruly animals. That pigeon was a nightmare. The barn itself was unassuming, very ordinary and typical looking and painted red. Steve walked up to the doors and lifted the latch.
“Fuck!” Tony shouted. “Come on!” He urged Bucky on.
‘Why did she choose me?’
That imaginary fist in his chest tightening ever more.
“Yes, I’m sure that’s what you were doing.” She replied suggestively.
"His son?" Steve spoke in surprise.
“Uh, I don’t know, however many three pots is? Anyway, it doesn’t matter. You gotta come see this!” Tony could barely contain his excitement as he grabbed Steve’s hands and hauled him to his feet and began to drag him to his personal lab.
“Which do you wish me to read?”
Upon his inspection he noted that Tony had a new bruise on his face.  A fresh one.  Steve’s features softened in concern. He slowly reached his hand up to Tony’s face.
I know I must be insane even after everything, I still love you. I can’t even remember when it happened. But I’m willing to bet it started the first time we met as unbelievable as that is. Do you remember? That day you were such a pompous jerk, you made me so angry. It may seem stupid and insignificant but I was so numb before that, like a part of me was still frozen. Then you came along with your fancy suit, cocky strut, and superior attitude and made me feel again. Made me come alive again and made me feel like fire after so much ice.
On the other side~
Steve nodded and watched as Thor made his way to go find Clint.
"Mr. Rogers?"
"Daddy, please stop talking that way." She began to cry. "Of course, you know me, I'm Eleanor Stark, your daughter." She said through her tears.
“Make what stop?” He asked.
'I can stay here.'
Tony shook his head slightly, she laughed again.
Bucky was right, Tony was stuck in an awful position. There was no other way around it. Steve was forever lost to them and it was all Tony’s fault. It cut him and broke him in ways that he did not know a person could be broken. It killed him inside knowing the moment he saved everyone was the moment he pulled the trigger on Steve.
That’s what he really wanted to say but the strain on his brain was too much. And in any case he knew Barton would find a more inventive way in if he didn’t allow him access now.
But what was so important?
As Tony explained his findings he had displayed the various photos and video footages of the victims on the newly replace monitors showing them where she was within the 69 seconds of the fall of these victims.  Natasha had searched these footages a thousand times and still cannot believe that they are in front of her now with the woman clearly visible to them.
“I cannot.”  He admitted.
Steve eyed Fury in his arms hoping that he is merely passed out and not comatose.
"Si-Sir?" His voice came out fragmented.
He then rapidly left the room to alert everyone else of the departure of the X-Men.
It had to be a trick, a cruel joke. Maybe he was hallucinating. He did not know.
Anük spoke on. "To be honest, Anthony surprised me. Yes, I had figured that you, Steven, would have been the one to say yes to me. But I had wholly anticipated Anthony to be the one to fail his test."
“Yes but he’s not quite responsive.”  He said.
On the other side~
“What is it Tony!?” He asked hastily making his way quickly to Tony.
It didn't help in the least that he was still hard even after that painfully awkward exchange. He braced himself against the counter and looked at his reflection in the mirror and shook his head cursing himself. He knew at this point the only way to be rid of it was to take care of it. It really, really didn't help that as he relieved himself it was not Peggy he pictured in his mind, but the strange handsome man in the iron armor.
The tension in the air was acrid. Thor shifted on his feet uncomfortably. Steve and Fury stared each other down before the Captain finally broke the silence.
Clint faced him, stricken, shaking his head.
Tony watched him nod slowly. He could see a tumultuous array of strong emotions flit across Steve’s features. He watched as a lone tear spilled over and rolled down his beautiful broken face. Before he could even think about what he was doing he leaned in and kissed the tear away.
Johnny nodded weakly.
"Okay!" She squealed excitedly. "Will we get ice cream later?" She asked hopefully.
Tony looked down at his arm, and yeah, it looked bad.
The Thing and Torch had successfully stopped Von Dooms rampaging. As far as he could tell they were standing at a stalemate. Victor was yakking away reveling in his master plan while Johnny and Ben did their best to keep him talking to stall for time.
The Avengers and X-men in the room snapped out of their daze.
The next few days have been vastly grating on Steve’s nerves.  He had been receiving a variety of responses from his team.  Everything from elated gratitude to indignant concern.  His primary team had been relieved and accommodating, however, some of the newer members had questioned the soundness of his mind seeing as his idiotic stunt had been thoroughly suicidal.
“Yep! It’s true!”
Steve vaguely registered Fury dismissing them. Thor clasped Steve on the shoulder leading him out. Tony gave them a sidelong look before turning with Bruce to continue working on the simulations. Thor caught the odd look in Tony’s eyes before directing Steve away to plan out what they were going to do.
They nodded.
When Tony and Steve were no longer near anybody else Tony had a complete and utter breakdown.
“I just have to make a few adjustments to the program beyond that there is nothing more I can really do at this point.  That and eventually talk to Xavier are about a desynthesization device.  But then again, if the big guy said there’s no cure then…”  Tony trailed off.
Peggy smirked at him before heading up the stairs to get ready.
"Ton-"
“Whoa man, wears the fire?”  Clint inquired unnerved putting a notebook down.
Steve closed the front door after seeing Howard and Maria to their car. He sighed heavily. The lunch went spectacularly but Howard could be the biggest pill to swallow sometimes. Maria was wonderful, a tad shy though. All in all, not bad.
“What the fuck are you waiting for!? Finish him! Kill that son of a bitch!” Harker’s squealing voice rang out.
She merely chuckled, "My dear Steven, I give you my word that I mean him no harm. Truly, our deal still stands."
“OK, I had received an alert from Jarvis about an hour ago stating that my connective algorithm worked.  Jarvis found something connecting all of the victims together.  I went through all the files and discovered why it had taken so long to find a connection.  To understand that you all must know what the connection is.”  Tony paused for dramatic effect looking up on the various faces of his teammates.
Her words pierced through Steve like a bullet. He hated everything about this situation. How was he meant to choose? Of course he’d choose to go back but it feels like an awful trick somehow. His mind and heart were in shambles. He could not think straight. It was hard enough to even remotely function through the excruciating pain that was his very existence.
After he finished his message for his team he looked out the window again. The sun was now sitting completely on top of the water making the glassy surface shimmer wondrously. Steve looked back over to his new little makeshift team to find them doing a parameter check. Good.
"Am I not supposed to see you?" Steve asked a little lost.
After everything Tony can’t let him down.
“Well…” She started. “The deer was attacked from an unexpected place. She was sure she was safe but turned out to be wrong.” Steve nodded for her to continue. “So, the moral of the story is bad things can happen when you least expect.” She concluded.
Oh God, how was he supposed to face her knowing he had been dreaming of doing…
“Well let’s just say I won’t need this anymore.” He replied as he placed a tiny device on the table it couldn’t be any bigger than a pinky nail.
"Back where?" Steve asked confused.
Why did he go near something so painful?  That’s just stupid…  Stupid?
He shook his head.
Tony crumpled in on himself, cradling Steve closer. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." He whispered then placed a gentle kiss on his forehead.
“Tell me Asgardian, how many great branches of Yggdrasil are there?”
A/N: Wow, that one was so charged… too soon? Lol. So yeah tell me what you think. I love hearing from you guys.
Bucky only nodded.
A/N: Hello everybody and welcome back! Thank you everyone who took the time to leave me a review. I really like knowing what people think of my story so far.
"When you said 'Yes' of course. The moment you agreed to accept my gift was the moment I had complete and unadulterated access to all the souls on your Midgardian Earth."
For a while Bruce, Tony and Steve stood there in pregnant silence.
Steve tried to focus.  Something was happening.  The puff balls were disappearing.  They’d dissipated like a puff of smoke.
“No, no. You have work to do, I should go.”  The soldiers said gesturing to the door.
Eons passed and the races evolved. Some found ways off their own planets and on to others. Still the story remains the same.
Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise and squinted in suspicion.
If only he had truly taken heed… Then perhaps…
He launched off the precipice and plunged into the fray, ushering in the Calvary. Like a call to arms his command signaled the previously comatose X-Men and Avengers alike to join the battle. Heroes swarmed the battlefield, three Quin Jets and an X-Jet flew overhead unleashing a barrage of attacks and deploying fighters.
"Please, just give him back." Tony whispered, not quite believing that he had failed.
He turned to Calamity quickly.
Tony came up to him and started to look him over. Steve flinched. All he wanted to do was hurl the genius across the room and keep him from touching him. Especially knowing what Tony had just been doing.
All of the previous occupants of the room stood outside the hall for a minute basking in the shock of the situation. They could hear the great screams and roars emanating from the room despite how thick the walls were. They all flinched as the angry green monster pounded the poor walls mercilessly sending shockwaves resonating through the halls.  Bruce Banner had just hulked out again.  I guess Bruce was one of the ones who didn’t get sleep either.  Oh man Betty is going to give them an earful later.  They all inwardly cringed.
A considerable amount of time had passed as I roamed the cosmos at an agonizingly slow pace, unfortunately, I had absolutely no control over where I could go or how fast I could get there. I could only go where the universe took me. In that time, I had wondered about and marveled at all the lovely celestial bodies I was witnessing. The stars and nebulas I could see had always fascinated me and it was no surprise that I had begun to yearn for more. I wanted to be closer, I wanted to know all there was to know about them.
She gestured for Tony to hold out his hand.
“There is no way in hell I’m going down without a fight, I’ve got people counting on me!” Clint stated firmly his thoughts straying for a sliver of a moment to his beautiful little family.
"That's right, she likely made Steve forget on purpose." Barnes concluded.
“No! It’s private!” Steve shouted lunging to make a grab for it again only to end up face planting with Bucky’s hand. His flesh one thank goodness. “Give it!” He shouted again as he reached for the book in his new position. Bucky held the book just enough out of reach so he could read it.
Hell birds, doom bots, and fuzz buzz. What next? Leviathans?
The sound of the gun impacted his broken body like a shock wave. He glanced as much as his fading body could muster to see the fat man fall to his knees slowly. The look of utter shock was still written on his dead face and the bullet hole between his eyes gushed blood before he face planted into the pavement with a sickening gurgle.
“Dr. Banner is on floor eight sub level three, sir.” JARVIS replied.
Great.
Steve was brought out of his reverie by a squeaky floorboard. Moments after, the bedroom door creaked open. His grin became impossibly wider when a head of unruly golden curls peeked through.
“You most certainly had us all worried. I did not know one little robot had the capacity to do that to you.” He stated with concern.
When Steve saw his team’s shocked realization he quickly commanded them.
Soon enough Steve ended up in his own quarters pacing all by his lonesome. Then the call came that the special guest had arrived and the all-important meeting would soon be underway which served to alleviate Steve’s anxiety, at least for now.
“Wow, you’ve got it bad, pal.” Bucky commented softly.
“No No No! None of that!! We just nearly kissed!” Steve quickly put his hands to his lips shocked that actually telling her.
Of course the attack had to happen when the compound was mostly empty.  The X-Men were on a mission about a Calamity lead, the Fantastic Four had been called out to stop Von Dooms latest scheme earlier that day in addition to three different units distributed to do Shield work.  There’s something oddly fishy about that.  It’s funny that things seem to be happening at their weakest.
Steve was surprised at the laugh that jumped from his throat. It was so true. Tony would be a superior jackass until the bitter end.
Tony had called her up to go over his idea. There were some obvious miscalculations in his plan considering she had just now adamantly said she wasn’t going to help Barnes.
"Yes, it was truly awful what had transpired here."
“Firstly Director, I want to make it clear that hiding your thoughts from me is futile. That goes for everyone in this room and on this ship. The fear and concern on this ship is over whelming.” He paused to make Eye contact with everyone.
Did Gloria and Jimmy know they were on board together? There was no record of them ever interacting. Was it a coincident that the creature chose them both or was there a reason both of them and the rest of the victims were chosen?  Was that reason connected to their awful past? Was it all random? They needed answers to theses questions and fast. Perhaps the information that Natasha and Clint had gathered would answer at least one.
“Tony?” Steve starts.
Within just a few minutes, their drinks had finally arrived.  The waiter had set down the house beer in front of Tony and then had proceeded to set down a large glass of purple and yellow lemonade.  Tony eyed the glass with wide fascinated eyes.
Steve was in love with Tony, that he was certain. But somehow in this time he wasn't going to exist.
"Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I did it, Steve. I figured out how to stop Calamity. Everybody is going to be okay. All our friends, everyone. So, you can rest easy now knowing that. I hope.
A gentle knock sounded at the door and Peggy's soft voice filtered through. "Steve, darling, are you all right?" She asked gently, her tone laced with concern.
Steve nodded.
We find out what really happened between Tony and Pepper.
And without any further ado, on with the show!
Steve sighed deeply. “I know Tony. I don’t mean to make things difficult for anyone but-“
He has days, weeks at the most before his life, his soul was no longer his own. And there was absolutely nothing he could do about it.
“So, back to my first question, what did you do?” He asked coyly.
"I don't remember."
They all felt it, deep to the core of their bones… There was no possibility… They did not stand the chance in hell. It was a red sky morning.
“Jar, what does our pathway look like?”
He was pulled from his wayward thoughts as a wretched scream ripped through his own throat after Bucky wrenched his hand out of the Captain’s abdomen. Steve stared up at his long-lost friends face unmoving as Bucky used his blood soaked arm to punch him in the face.
“You read minds?”
Yep he’s definitely got this panicking thing down.
How!? In this desperate situation? The next look that flashed in his eyes was one of acceptance and Steve knew then that Bucky intended to die.
“You’re lucid?”
“Eleanor, go. You heard him.” She ordered.
'Ah, this is exactly what the Professor was trying to tell me.'
She gently slid the tip of her finger down is sharp nose and over his chapped lips. She continued down until she reached the middle of his chest. She braced her palm flat over his heart. She paused there for a moment as if feeling his heartbeat then jerked her hand back suddenly.
Now that the Rhododendron and his lackeys were separated from civilians it was time to party. Tony began to unleash his arsenal as he flew over the group. Every single one of his attacks missed.
"Oh joy, you're back." Tony snarked.
“Okay, have your fun. Want to see what happens when I fuck with the settings on this device?” Tony asked deviously.
He looked upon the genius with such fondness. So much for his personal mission.
Steve lied stunned upon the rubble for a moment, his vision blurry and his breathing labored. He was sure that he had cracked if not broken a few ribs. Before he could even gather his bearings properly, the bot had grabbed his leg up in a vice. It had started to bear down with a crushing force. Right when Steve felt the bone start to crack the bot lifted the Captain into the air and drove him back into the floor. He emitted an anguished scream as he felt his body try to crumble with the force. If his ribs weren’t broke before they were now seeing as he started to cough up bits of blood. One of his ribs must have punctured a lung.
“Your eyes…” He had a severe frown on his face.
Fuck!
“Ah, quit, the stitches are fine.” He said pushing Tony’s hands away. “Yes, you are right about ‘some’ things.” He put a strong emphasis on some.
After Thor and Iron Man successfully broke through Dooms perimeter, Steve safely landed the Quin jet on a rooftop and the others bailed to do their job. Captain America began to usher in the people through the perimeter opening. The National Guard showed up and began aiding the civilians as they passed through.
Everyone stared at Thor with desperate anticipation. All hoping beyond hope that this situation isn’t as desolate as that simple little statement suggests.
“You did. For decades you are as good as dead.” He retorted in a hard whisper. “It irritates me how selflessly suicidal you are.” Bucky sighed.
Tony’s phone was shrieking at him.
“Dumm-E! What the hell?! I installed highly advanced sensors and cams in you specifically so you wouldn’t do this! I swear to God one more time and you getting donated to that dance studio on 5th!”
“She said she would release everybody and make it like she was never here as long… As long as she got to keep her Keystone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What the fuck do you mean you too?!!” Clint ran to Steve and grabbed his shoulders.
“Steve?” He paused. “What is the Keystone?” He asked finally with ill-concealed trepidation.
The genius then looked up at Calamity and stared deep into her silver eyes that seemed to illuminate like starlight.
That didn't sound right…
“You did it before, right? Why can’t you now?” Tony asked. He could feel the tendrils of panic and desperation lick at his consciousness.
“Thor, what about Natasha and Clint? Are they ok!?” Before the golden alien could respond another voice appeared.
Tony startled when Calamity flicked him on the nose.
“I didn’t say I was. I was just making it perfectly clear that you were stupid.” He replied with a cocky grin.
'No! This cannot be real!' His heart and mind screamed in tandem.
“I don’t know how you did it, but I’m fucking happy you did.” Barnes said nodding at Steve as the Captain plowed his way through the enemy.
Tony’s eyes widened in horror. That awful and painful realization hitting him finally. He knew logically what it meant for Steve to awaken in this time 70 years from his own time. But it wasn’t until that very moment that Tony truly understood everything Steve lost that day.
"Just focus on decrypting that drive and let us know about any developments."
“I won’t tell you what the keystone is, that will be a surprise.” She stated as she made her way back to Steve.
“Yeah well I did not feel like mingling with the others while they mourn and prepare for a funeral of…  Never mind!”  Steve voiced harshly as he turned abruptly back to the canvas.  He began to rummage through his paint box before choosing a crimson red and a coal black paint tube and had began to pour the colors onto his palette.
“You need to trust us, Steve. We’re out there looking for him. We will bring him in.” And he meant it.
“I have JARVIS keeping me updated on the cases. Since I think around the eighth reported case I’ve been keeping track. Only now is the media making the connection to pretty much all of the recent coma cases on the east coast. People dropping in Main then Georgia, Florida and Virginia. All with the same symptoms.” He said as he pulled up news reports and patient confidential information (leave it to Tony to illegally have confidential patient information).
Steve could not help but to think that he would come out of that bout completely unscathed. He wanted to laugh.  It felt like he was getting to know the crazy genius all over again.
“Okay, now this should tone it down more.” He made an adjustment to the device.
“For moral support, and to make sure you two behave and not kill each other.” She replied smoothly.
"Can't catch a fucking break!" Iron Man gritted out.
Though it was greatly muffled and distorted from the mask, it still sent the most wretched shivers down the Captain’s spine.
“Oh fucking shit!” Iron Man exclaimed, turning quickly trying to outmaneuver them.
Thor sat stone still mulling over what she said.
Steve does not envy Thor’s position in the slightest. Everybody Steve loves is native to the planet, there is something of a morbid relief in that. Steve sighed to himself. He thought if the situation were reversed he probably would do anything for Tony. Hell, he would have probably done anything for Bucky and the rest of his team. Then and now. He looked into Thor’s expect face.
“Who knew?”
“Catch me.” He shouted over his shoulder then continued on after Barnes.
There.
Bucky was panting heavily. He looked at the gun in shock before tossing it aside.
He could not think of anything he did awfully wrong. Was it because he kissed Steve in front of their entire team? No, that seems to childish and petty for it to simply be that. If Steve had a problem with it he would have liked the genius know instantly right then and there…
Tony looked like he had been struck.
“I knew it!” He shouted to himself as he watched their exchange.
“Yeah?”  Steve turned to face Johnny giving him his undivided attention.
Steve sucked in a deep breath as his vision darkened and he felt painfully lightheaded. He quickly caught himself before he could collapse to the floor. He tried to rapidly blink away the woozy feeling. He looked down at Ellie, her wide brown eyes were staring up at him in concern and fear.
Captain America shot at the pink menace but missed.
But he couldn't!
"Yeah well the alternative as hell bird food was just so damn appealing."
“Ah excellent!  You have returned in one piece I see.”
"Okay, so if it needs multiple focal points to materialize, then it's not quite the schematics I saw, meaning I'm not going to be able to disable the machines, easily anyway." He admitted.
He smirked, “Well it kind of is.”  He glanced to his left as Johnny came to stand next to him.  “Couldn’t sleep?”  He asked.
He surrenders.
Steve watched on in disbelief. He had been bamboozled. He knew it all along, but still.
She didn't seem to speak to him but within him. Her voice was as he recognized it, yet also as small as her form suggested and at the same time deep and vast as the universe itself. Every word she spoke seemed to be whispered and echoed by the very nature around them.
“Come on, we gotta get out before the next wave comes. Keep your hoods up.”
Then, unexpectedly, a shrill alarm sounded and Rumlow got distracted. Bucky sprang for him. Brock gathered himself enough to retaliate. He gave our soldier a nasty uppercut to his wounded abdomen. However, Rumlow was too late to realize that it was Bucky’s intention to take the hit in order to get past his guard as our soldiers knee collided brutally into Brock’s stomach. The impact landed perfectly in the soft spot just below his rib cage, thrusting upward excruciatingly. Brock hit the floor hard on his knees and began to vomit and choke all at once. The impact was so intense it sent his internal organs on the fritz, his stomach trying to expel everything it could and his lungs spasming, completely unable to retain air.
“Oh my God! What did you do?! What did I do!?”
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“I-I don’t want to pop any stitches.”
His progress was slow going.  He stumbled and tripped many times before he had to rest against a wall.  He could still feel the rough texture of the brick wall beneath his hands despite the buzzing feeling zinging through his fingertips.
The twins were watching the exchange incredibly amused.
“You did.” Tony replied almost too smugly.
“Yeah? This coming from the guy who was Hydra’s brainwashed murder slave for seventy odd years? Who got free only to be framed for the greatest American massacre of the century and subsequently get shot by a crazy guy in a pink bunny suit? Then only to end up in this floating ocean pokey strapped to a gurney? How’s that shit luck!?” Tony retorted.
“He was just ‘hic’ talking to me!”  She cried.
"Fuck you! You coming?"
All of the sudden there was a screech of tires on asphalt, horns blaring and a reverberating crash.  He ran to the scene.  It happened not three hundred feet from him.  As he approached the mess of broken vehicles he got a glimpse of something on the rooftop of a building overlooking the road.  He shrugged it off in favor of aiding the people involved in the accident.
Back then there was a level of acceptance on Steve’s part because being so sick he couldn’t really physically do anything anyway. Now? He had one of the healthiest and strongest bodies in the world, a bit damaged perhaps, but he could feasibly do anything he desired but couldn’t because he was being restricted by the very people who he was meant to trust the most.
Tony turned and glared at him just as Natasha elbowed him in the ribs. Tony snorted derisively at Clint’s exclamation of pain. He turned back to the soldier.
"I know so." He winked at her.
“Thor’s here.” Steve smiled a smile that reached his eyes. That damned ridiculous robot didn’t stand a chance.
He thought with venom, ‘Well at least Tony has someone to go to after I’m gone.’
In the past, it was damn near impossible to analyze the doom bot code because Von Doom had some impressive safeguards on his bots. It was impossible to salvage any data from real doom bots. The OS would self-destruct when the bot was disabled or defeated. If Tony managed to stop the code from self-destructing, he would then encounter an encryption that was oh so deliciously complicated.
Tony sensed something off with Steve but he did not wish to aggravate the poor Captain anymore than he had to.  He could tell looking between the Professor and the man out of time that Xavier was helping Steve through whatever it was that was going on in his head.
They Laughed!
Friends.
“W-what are you doing?! Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch come back and finish the job you pathetic ingrates!”
“Stevie.” Bucky grunted out trying desperately to reach further.
Two old biddies walked by and tutted at their behavior before walking into the drugstore. Steve and Ellie simultaneously mimicked them then turned to each other and laughed.
"I sense your apprehension and incredulity. It radiates off of you in splendid waves. Know that the remorse and compassion you feel for your enemy now is exactly why none of you will share his fate." She began to stock straight towards Tony.
“And if we work together we can help you with that. The girl, Wanda, was able to help you before, right? Come on, I’m desperate here, I seriously don’t want the world to end. I need all the help I can get. Please, I need your skills, I need you to fight the fight in Steve’s place, you’re the only person in the world with that capacity.” Tony pleaded, very much out of character.
“Perfect! You ready? Once we get you out of this we will have like a 10 minute window before they realize I’m pulling a fast one on them.”
Steve groaned and dropped his head back against the crates. She laughed.
She drug him to the nearest couch and shoved and down on it.
Tony never did let Steve know how he truly felt. He never got the chance to.
He encountered something hard and struck out at it with all his might.  Over and over until he vaguely felt something give.  The intensity of his pain grew to nearly impossible Heights.  Everything went an immaculate white.
"It is, now I've got a question for you. You said you can't remember anything since the war, what exactly was the last thing you remember?"
For a moment, he did consider if this was indeed reality, perhaps an alternate timeline. But if that were the case then Tony would not have been able to contact him for one and for another this 'reality' would not seemingly be breaking down at the edges. Where once the hospital was full and lively, it was now desolate and silent.
Sam stood from where he was sitting and was instantly at Steve’s side.  “Hey, what happened?”
Or maybe Steve wanted to learn his moves so that in case he ever went supervillain, he would be able to take him down. It wasn’t like Tony hid what he did with Iron Man though. Everyone on campus knew what Iron Man can and cannot do. Maybe Steve just wanted some variety, get a new sparring partner for at least one session. It kind of stung though, the possibility that Steve thinks he’s supervillain material.
“Welcome home, Sir.” JARVIS’ voice was always a soothing balm to a harrowing day. “Might I remind you of the project Director Fury assigned you? You are to observe and take readings from the edge of the Timefog in two hours’ time.” Or not. JARVIS was a taskmaster, that’s what he was.
He yawned and the cut on his cheek twinged. If he hurried, he could get that coffee and still get to class on time. Tony nodded to himself. He was such a genius.
Tony’s sigh became a deep, jaw-wrenching yawn. The shower would revitalize him and then he could get ready for Jan’s party. He promised her he would be there, and he was going to be there, no matter how much he wanted to crawl back into bed right there and then.
For once, he was glad Steve had insisted on tagging along. Who knew what would’ve happened if Captain America wasn’t there? Tony would probably be dead or dismembered in the Timefog and no one would know or care.
Steve let himself be pulled along. “You look really pale, Tony. You weren’t hurt anywhere else, were you?”
“Dinner after then!” Steve opened and closed his mouth like a fish out of water. “Dinner- I mean.” Steve took a deep breath in and let it out in a rush. “Jan was right. I was trying to ask you out but I couldn’t get it out. But I also want to spar with you. So I guess what I’m really asking is if you’d want to spar with me and then go for a dinner date after.” He quirked a smile at Tony.
The ensuing silence made Tony go cold. “JARVIS?” He checked the suit. It was still powered on and he was clearly able to move about. Except JARVIS didn’t reply and any other functions that would’ve been useful to him were equally non-responsive.
Suddenly, the Professors words echoed in his mind.
“After everything I learned I couldn’t leave him there.” Tony retorted.
“Okay Barton, good work! Mr. Stark? Do we have a visual?”
“Sorry Cap! The cloud is too thick, I can get through!”
“Come on Tony let’s get you to bed.”
There was no way he could stop analyzing the drive and at the same time he could not just leave his team high and dry. They were all just spread too thin.
"I really hope I'm not starting to hear things."
“So what now?” Jane spoke.
Tony sighed. He removed the armor and had it go stand a ways away before removing the letter from his satchel. “Here. The first part is for you guys.” Tony handed the letter to Sam.
Steve nodded hesitantly.
“Be that as it may, I believe we would have noticed something, a shift or a wave of energy similar to how she takes minds individually.” Tony shot back getting that snide tone in his voice again.
Please leave me a review and let me know what you think! All questions, comments, and theories welcome!
Steve pinned him with a fierce glare intending to speak volumes about his displeasure without uttering a single word. He didn’t trust himself not to say the most vile things he could think of.
He couldn't understand what was happening. His heart was screaming.
“None of it was your fault. Not a single thing. I chose to follow you. I chose to fight by your side knowing I could die. I chose to get on that train with you because there was no place I wanted to be more. I chose to die for you because you are my best pal, my brother and there was no better way to go.” Bucky assured with conviction.
"You are very welcome, Anük." He smiled warmly but then his face fell somber. "I kinda wish we had met under different circumstances now."
He realized with horror that the bot was playing games with him. He had managed to lure it half way out of the building. The Soldier needed to get him and the bot outside. With his shield in hand he wacked the bot at a knee joint not enough to do any real damage but enough to yank the bot off balance at the exact right time. He flung it as hard as he could against the wall.
Steve sighed deeply.
"Tony, I have a visual on a few of the machines producing the gaping hole of death." Hawkeye said over the coms.
The thought that this was the last time he would hear Tony's voice was heart shattering.
“What do you think, Cap?”
"Oh yes!" Anük spoke up. "He did not actually die, is that not great?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Everything was fine.
“I’ll also need Tony and Thor. You both would be the most lethal to those doom bots.” He hates to pull Tony away from the lab when he could be working on deciphering the code but knows how much smoother this mission would go with him.
"I've got it!" Black Widow announced.
"I know, shocking, right? That man settling down and doing the family thing."
"Steve?"
'No!' He thought. 'No, not mysterious man… It was- I was sure he told me.' Steve gulped in realization that he couldn't remember the man's name. 'I know it was T- something.'
And he did.
Steve looked upon the professor and realized that this man has lived a long and full life and that he currently understands the world in more ways than he can possibly imagine.  He smiled at him and gave him a silent think you.  He mulled over the words the Professor had given to him, understanding exactly what Professor Xavier was telling him but, true to the Professors words, not fully understanding the depth of what the words truly mean.
"I-I'm sorry, I didn't know-"
“Jarvis? Can you tell me where Barton is?”
“I may be exhausted and all, but my mind is racing too much to even try to sleep.  Now before you can object and try to drug me,” He amended quickly after Steve looked ready to object.
“All right, is everybody ready for this?” He asked, his tone thick with false severity.
Bucky shook his head, an obvious war happening inside his mind. His frightened eyes looking around wildly before settling on the Captain.
Not to mention the condition Steve ended up in. Tony scowled.
Johnny let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. That caught the kids’ attention and they gasped in realization that this strange new man had a striking resemblance to Captain America. Before they could respond Steve interjected.
Bucky began going through more archives and chuckling here and there. No doubt getting a huge kick out of Tony’s numerous public transgressions.
The fact of the matter is a super virus would also leave physical evidence. There is no physical evidence of any kind that could be found in the patients that pointed to either of those possibilities. Not to mention the sporadic randomness of the cases.
It probably should have been more concerning that he had handed Barnes Steve’s mug but the look of serene gratitude on the soldier’s face shattered any doubt. Steve wouldn’t mind any way.
There was a chill in the air Steve noted as he made his way out the door for his morning run.  He was the first one awake that morning as far as he could tell.  He was thankful, he did not have the nerve to face anybody right now.
Steve somehow blushed even deeper.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit!”
“I know it’s difficult for you to trust anybody with something so important to you, please…” He whispered as he leaned in and gently pressed a chaste kiss on Steve’s lips.
Her heavenly expression morphed into a glare at Steve’s sudden outburst. He held his hands up placatingly in surrender, still unable to suppress his snickers.
Five feet…
He stared at the drawing before him, remembering those times of old.  Truly, so much has changed over the last several decades.  Once, a man would fear he be bludgeoned to death in a dirty alley if one even thought that he fancied other men.  Now…  Now most anyone really has to worry about nowadays are crazy aliens coming in an invasion or unexplainable coma cases.  Definitely a different world. He couldn’t imagine Tony getting drug into a back alley and getting beat to death.
'Fuck!' She was the perfect mix of his own and Tony's features, her visage was nothing less than enchanting.
“Mostly those who were present on that mission.”
“Nothing here on Earth, I assure you.”  She smirked.  “I will tell you there are ways.  I’m not impervious to the laws of the universe our great Mother had created, I can die.  But the ways are vastly beyond your reach.”  She stated matter of factly.
The other half of his team continued on adamantly and admiringly. Black widow still evacuating the streets and buildings and the Thing and Torch pulling people out of the rubble. And here he was, literally trapped in his own suit, forced to be this disgusting man’s toy, his puppet. All the while, the other half of his team watched on.
He grabbed the sandwiches and they sat down at the table together. They ate in comfortable silence. Steve ate a bit faster than Tony, being as ravenous as he was. As Steve was focused on eating he didn’t catch Tony watching him with a look of adoration. Before the Captain could catch him he started a conversation.
"Do you remember the flying suit of armor?" He continued hastily.
“Ah, the archer, he speaks.” She looked at Clint surprised. He now held her complete attention and wanted nothing more than to shit his pants.
No pressure.
In a highly secure underground compound deep in the heart of a restless city a slender figure ran frantically into the main control room.
“That’s only about two hours away on foot from here!” He shouted. “Could it really be that simple?”
All at once, things started to add up for Tony. Somehow the Rhododendron found a way to successfully infiltrate highly classified restricted information anywhere and everywhere. It was obvious from the last time Tony encountered this ridiculous pink bunny, that the Rhododendron had found a way to infiltrate his own system. The genius was made painfully aware of the unbearably obvious data breach when that fucker had taken control of his suit, with him inside.
"Steven." She sighed. "Look at yourself, what have you done?"
Steve grimaced, he knew he was going to have to bite the bullet. Just because he didn’t want to talk about it doesn’t mean he wanted to keep it from him. On the contrary, he wants Bucky to know everything. It’s just he doesn’t want to open that door back up and have to truly acknowledge his broken heart.
Though more of his statement was meant for Tony.  He then turned his attention fully to Tony,
“I’ll take watch.” Pietro said. “You sleep.” He said to Steve.
“That there was a time in which no one fell ill. The calm before the storm, if you will, before people started to fall by the thousands. ‘And the city’s fell one by one. Every soul lost to the abyss.’ Well, people are still dropping left and right but not cities at a time, not yet anyway.” Tony concluded.
“Sir, the restraints are bound to an alternate system with an intermediate recovery OP.”
“Well, this is technically not a medical procedure-“
Steve woke with a start. He been having the same dream over and over for the past week. At least he thought he did. Every time he tried to think about it, the dream faded away and he could no longer recall any details. There was one thing he did know for sure, however, the dreams always consisted of the same mysterious man. In his dreams, this mysterious man was actually the person wearing the strange futuristic suit of armor. Unfortunately, Steve could never remember what he looked like. He kept a sketchbook on the bedside table hoping that he could quickly sketch out his features before they faded away with the last lingering vestiges of slumber.
In a highly secure underground compound deep in the heart of a restless city the oily fat man began to squirm restlessly with excitement.
“I had an amazing dream, Daddy!” She declared excitedly, her volume rising a tad.
“I’m going to go check on Agent Hill. She is currently gathering the case reports.” He nodded at the Professor as he strides out of the room leaving the Professor alone with his thoughts… and the thoughts of nearby agents.
“I don’t believe you, Tony!” She nearly screamed.
Steve watched amusedly at the antics of his team. He was happy they were all right. But if Clint manages to get into it with Thor, well, he’ll just have to ask Clint later what kind of flowers he’d like at his funeral.
She laughed, "What am I going to do with you?"
“Oh God! This is nasty!” Tony nearly bellowed as his face scrunched up in disgust. “How fucking old are you?” He exclaimed as he desperately wiped the wetness out of his ear, dreadfully hoping it was merely saliva and not something… else. Tony wouldn’t put it past him.
"Steve, love, answer me please. Was it a nightmare?" She asked softly yet a bit more urgently.
He knew it from the start that this was Bucky. Of all the times to be right about something. He realized in wretched horror that the only way Bucky could be here now was that he had survived his fall and Steve had left him behind for Zola to find. His whole world had been turned upside down and inside out. It felt like everything till now had been some stupid joke at his own expense. He was wrenched out of his self loathing thoughts by the soldier’s, no, Bucky’s response.
"Are you okay, man?" Wilson asked over the coms.
He began to develop nervous, involuntary tics. He kept jerking his head side to side and began pulling at his hair. He was losing it. Tony could only look on helplessly. Jarvis had already alerted the others for assistance.
The Captain turned to the twins. “You guys ready?”
But why?
“Jarvis, remove the ‘do not disturb’ protocol.”
"No." Steve huffed petulantly. Peggy only laughed at him. "Sorry if I woke you. I tried to be quiet." He said sheepishly, realizing the time.
“Pretty well, considering.” Steve replied while absently rubbing his darkened wrist.
"– Will you do me, your humble servant, the honor of being my date tonight?"
He had to put a stop to this before it went any further. He was not going to put himself through this, not with only days left to live. It’s so stupid that thirty minutes ago he would have tried to take this as far as it would go. He thought he could almost hear his heart rip more at the thought that Tony would have come here to do this after being with Pepper and that thirty minutes ago he would have been none the wiser!
“HaHa! I don’t need those filthy twins! The asset is all I really need!” You Harker screamed as the Winter Soldier continued to shoot at them.
“Mr. Stark! This is a sudden surprise.” Official number one held out his hand to shake.
“I- I did not comprehend what was happening. She looked oddly perturbed. She- she kissed you before saying that she was unable to claim you yet. I demanded to know what she meant and she came out and told me you were the keystone and could not claim you yet because you have not experienced enough pain. You needed to know more pain before you were ready.”
“Just hold on.”
The more he thought it over the more a strange sensation overtook him, it was incredibly familiar. He tried to ignore it in favor of pondering his conversation with Tony.
He scratched it.
"No!" Iron Man roared, but he was too late.
His blood splattered on the cold metal of Tony’s armor. It was almost unnoticeable against the deep red hue of the Ironman armor.
They all turned to the ninth occupant of the room hastily and realized with absolute horror that it was “Calamity”. Everyone nearly reacted all at once but the Captain stopped them.
"Well, the literal translation is 'that girl with the hair that looks like the black sap from the Lanr tree.'" She replied with a chuckle.
“Now spill!” She pointed the knife at him.
The doctors would have liked to have done it all in one go but Tony needed the old hardware they had removed to be fully analyzed. Tony knew where the doctors were coming from and agreed to an extent but he doubted his advanced scanners could reach the tiniest and most delicate mechanisms in the bone anchors and he did not want to risk guessing, not with this. Turns out he was right to worry, but did you really doubt our favorite genius?
He then applied those feelings to Barnes. Keeping in mind everything Clint conveyed to him and all his own morbid conditions of what could have been, he put together and regarded Barnes’s situation. All too suddenly the feelings he got after reading through what he could of the Journal came crashing back to him. In the end, he really felt sorry for the guy.
Calamity continued, “From stopping me from claiming your world all at once?  Yes there is a possibility.”
“How you holding up their buddy?”  Tony addressed Clint.
He tried so hard… He tried to do things right and everything went so so wrong. Tears threatened to spill even after he had promised himself that he wouldn’t shed a single tear over this.
“Okay, I know you are beyond pissed right now, but this really is for your own good.”
He could hear the exclamations of his team. They were getting sucked in as well.
Tony paused. "No of course not! But why give us a chance at all? I know I am going to beat you! You could have come and gone and none of us would have even known, I know you have the power to do so." He shouted angrily, completely outraged at her insistence at playing this deranged game.
She grinned.
Steve did.
Steve sighed, "No, I'm sorry. I really don't," he admitted. "I feel awful because I know somewhere deep down we were close."
He stood there a moment not quite sure what he was doing. He looked around his workshop and felt… empty. In the past, when Tony had become this restless, Steve was somehow always there to keep him company, sitting on his stool in his little corner of the shop sketching away. Tony had grown so used to Steve’s presence that his absence was absolutely devastating at best.
He knew that.
“Whoa, hold on there bird brain, that is a bit overkill don’t you think?” Tony questioned snidely looking at Clint almost bewildered.
"It's you! You've come to help me. Please, those fools over there-" he pointed an accusing finger at our group of heroes. "They spoiled our plans! You must smite them!" He raged.
He looked to Fury to see if he was going to interpose. The Director looked stricken and nodded to the Soldier to continue.
Steve groaned audibly realizing he was going to have to carry the fabric and the case of tin.
“Hey hey, I will not be tolerating this kind of behavior in my meeting room!”  Shouted Director Fury in an attempt to negate the rising conflict.
(See the end of the chapter for
He couldn’t think of it anymore! It was too painful to bear. Fresh tears spilled over.
The internal mechanisms in his left arm began whirring frantically and was the only warning Steve got before Bucky leapt up suddenly.
Her smile was radiant and her laughter was to.
“Who’s actually itching for a fight?” Steve asked as he took lead.
Natasha was back near the window looking at his painting that he started.
That made Steve stopped short, his heart must have skipped a beat.
“Sir, Mr. Barton is requesting entry. Shall I inform him you are indisposed?” Jarvis’s voice rang out making Tony flinch impresses hands tighter to his skull.
He numbly recalled Bucky warning him…
“Captain fucking America would also cringe at your fucking language.” Bucky smirked painfully through his tears, then grimaced.
“Ellie, darling, why don’t you tell me what you and your father got up to today?” Peggy asked from her place by the counter.
Tony startled and tried to back away but was weighed down heavily by the remains of his dead suit. He had gotten a few feet but was pinned down by the demented bunny.
Just when Fury was about to ask what was happening his own concealed devise, a tablet, started to emit its own alarm. The Professor was deeply pensive trying to concentrate on the probable cause of this new chaos. Everyone else was waiting with baited breath. Waiting for an explanation.
Calamity smiled.
“It is still nowhere near perfect.  Though her face clearly pops up it is still obvious from the blurriness that it needs major work.  And this is with the Professor getting into my head and making me relive the experience of physically encountering the force of her energy myself.  Oh god I need a drink.”  Tony stated with an extreme air of exhaustion.
Damn…
That shocked Bucky out his reverie and his expression turned violent as he finally flipped their positions. Steve was mildly fascinated that he could still feel the rough texture of the asphalt under his right cheek being that it was still swollen and bleeding from the bullet wound and the constant abuse.
The man in the bunny ears took on a very Hollywood martial arts pose.
She laughed, “You keeping that child occupied while I prepared dinner is help enough. Now go on, go spend time with her.”
“Watch me!” Tony retorted.
Unfortunately, on a side note, due to a Dumm-E related incident, the ‘Space Phone’ had needed special repairs that took Tony till now to finish. The team is going to meet up in a specialized meeting room along with an important special guest. While Tony was working on the ‘Space Phone’, Bruce along with SHIELD had contacted Professor Charles Xavier. They requested that he helped oversee the case as an honored consultant. This means he is also aboard the helicarrier.
“You’re lucky the brew smells strong. I’d never forgive you for making weak ass coffee.” Sounded a gravelly voice.
“I am glad you are well my friend, I am going to go check on something.” Thor said suddenly, wanting nothing more than to get out of that firestorm while he could.
George didn’t drive.
Tony stared at him astonished. “In a nutshell.” The genius replied. “After what happened, knowing that he is the one who-“ He sighed heavily. “I just need perspective.” He attempted to articulate.
“Guys! Something freaky is happening with the doom bots!” Peter spoke up in alarm.
“Sir, it appears that there is, in fact, events connecting all of the victims together, minuscule as they may be.”  Tony and Steve look at each other wide eyed.
Steve groaned despairingly. He slouched over with his head and his hands and his elbows on his knees getting lost in his thoughts.  He gets it, he really does, the importance of keeping certain secrets for the greater good.  That was part of his freakin’ job after all.  But this was something else, he can feel it.  It wasn’t only about Tony’s infuriating behavior either.  It was a huge part of it for sure, but not all of it in the least.  It’s not even just the way everyone was keeping secrets and keeping him locked up.  There was an unbearable undertone to it all; something slithering by just beneath the surface.
"Indeed, I did. More than you could ever know." She replied distantly.
“Mother Fucker!” Johnny shouted as he jumped off of the roof and dove for Harker. Ben quickly jumped after him.
Tony already had all of the information in those folders seeing as he had gathered a lot of that info himself. The crazy genius already had a connection algorithm running using the information. He was also monitoring the ‘space phone’ connectivity.
But in his opinion, the genius found that he liked times like this the best, when the captain was at his most calm and happiest.  His eyes were a deep and warm stormy grey, the only kind of storm he would gladly become lost in.
Without replying, Tony sent homing missiles towards the Rhododendron anyway. Our genius was beyond irked when the pink bastard managed to scamper away again just barely avoiding being blown up.
Tony watched him sadly. The kicker was he knew exactly how the man felt. He couldn’t help but wonder what Steve would say to him. Steve could probably figure out just the right thing to say that would break through to Barnes and somehow make him really understand his true value. He sighed heavily. And there he goes, wishing Steve were there again. When did he become so God damned dependent on him?
“I know how technology works; it would have left traceable physical evidence. And as for a super virus, it may be, however highly unlikely.” Tony construed.
“Would you like to try it?”  He asked, still with a satisfied cheerful smile on his face.
“So what you suppose we do now?  Give up?  Pile ourselves on top of the Avengers Tower and present ourselves to this thing with cherries on top?”  Clint replied obviously not panicking in the slightest.
Tony nodded. “Just promise me you’ll take care of yourself. Just…” Tony trailed off thinking.
“It could be a bomb.” Clint said.
"Where in this together." Nat smirked.
A roar.
“Come on where is it?”  Steve was looking around at all of Tony’s hidden compartments.  He had spent enough time in his lab to know how the genius operates.
, and 68
Shit!
"What if... what if there were another way." He breathed out in agony.
Bruce nodded and fled deeper into the compound.
“And you’re a sulky punk.” He mumbled into Steve’s neck.
So stupid.
Steve laughed. ‘Children and their stories.’ He thought.
The real truth, however, was vastly more vexing and complicated. To be perfectly honest, the dream, in Steve's opinion, was far from nightmarish. If anything, it was euphoric and it scared the living daylights out of him. Even more frightening was the fact that the mystery man definitely existed in his memory somewhere as a friend at the very least. But how much of his cryptic dreams were memories and how much of his fractured memories were dreams?
As Steve walked briskly to Tony’s lab he kept thinking about the comatose bodies of people popping up all over the east coast. He had just finished watching the most recent news reports on the subject and the latest information was disconcerting. He had been keeping track of those various news reports that talk about these particular cases. The number of cases had increased by the dozens in such a short amount of time. It had been about two and a half weeks since the first case sprang up and already fifty two more cases had been reported. The media is starting to talk about a possible epidemic. Each case that pops up makes Steve more and more nervous.
Steve laughed. “You sure?”
“Okay!” He shouted. “Thirty-five! You have thirty-five now.” He said clutching his side.
"Yeah? Far enough to fucking stop you!" Tony countered.
Everyone nodded in agreement too emotionally haggard to respond vocally.
He stood abruptly, dropping the coffee mug. It shattered deafeningly on the floor and with it the dark hazy fog that had crept over him last night.
Tony continued, “People are counting on us. The way I see it we can wallow in self misery after we save the world. We can deal with our demons when everything is all said and done. And hey, if the world ends none of that shit will matter anyway.” Tony finished.
“And he’s killed dozens of other innocent people indiscriminately. He killed these people because he was told to, because he was forced to.” She gave pause, hoping it was sinking in. “You know, he nearly killed me.” She added stone like. “He nearly killed Fury and Steve, but he didn’t.” Tony opened his mouth to reply but Natasha continued. “Do you know how easy it would have been for him to finish us off if he was truly the monster do you claim him to be? When I was in Odessa he could have easily but didn’t. It would have been easier, in the long run, no witnesses. But here I am.”
All comments, questions and theories welcome.
… with another man? And! And was still incredibly aroused by it.
It’s not like he and Tony could have ever been together anyway even if Calamity didn’t happen. Tony was just too fickle. Just because Steve love Tony didn’t mean Tony felt the same.
In no time, the visage of the mysterious man that piloted the strange suit of armor manifested into view. Steve marveled at how during the last week he could not remember this man to save his life, now his hands moved as if he had drawn this man thousands of times. Somewhere deep, very deep down, he knew it to be close to the truth. He just could not for the life of him figure out how.
From his vantage point, as they swirled him higher and higher into the sky, he could see so much of the damage and chaos they created. Buildings were destroyed and on fire, bodies still lined the streets and if he was not mistaken, the Army was closing in.
“Shut up freeloader!” Tony blustered, pointing a finger at the soldier. “It’s part of my process. Don’t mack on the creative flow!” Tony stated proudly.
After a very idiotic crossing of the street, he made it to the other side and began darting through alleyways and sidestreets. He had to get as far away as he could from the tower.
Bucky stared at him, his glare deepening.
Now that was the million dollar question, wasn’t it?
Steve gave him a genuine smile. "Thank you, Tony." He thanked him graciously.
“Where is he Jarvis?”
The following day had been the most dismal by far. Everybody had moved languidly throughout the entire morning. It wasn’t until Steve and Tony made a reappearance did anyone consider to even eat. Steve made sure they did.
“It’s gone.” Bucky replied breathlessly. “The pain is all gone.” And with that he wept.
Of course Tony knew. Reading and understanding the things in that journal is what made him want to aid the bastard in the first place. Hydra went through such extents to control him because if Barnes really had the choice he would either kill the whole lot of them or himself over being ordered to kill an innocent person. Deep down Tony knew this. Barnes was absolutely loyal to someone like Captain America after all. Hydra knew they could not compete with that.
“Come on Tony, you know how much Thor and I eat daily and how much Bruce eats after he hulks out. Surely your genius mind had done the math before you graciously decided to house all of us.” Steve smirked at Tony as the genius was still clearly reveling in the mystery of it.
Steve sighed heavily. "She gave me the look, I couldn't help it."
“Oh, you’re so sweet!” Jane gushed.
“Pietro RUN!” Steve commanded with the deep bellow.
Bucky regarded the new threat, he ripped the darts from his flesh and made to engage War Machine. He could hear Tony speaking but none of the words were sinking in. His torment only intensified when he saw the agents get closer with a number of devices designed to subdue him. He had been on the receiving end of many of them before. Steve tried to buck Tony off but Iron Man held him down firmly. One of his hands roughly grabbing around the jagged cut on his arm making him scream out in misery.
“From them!  Not from you.”  Steve shot back.  “You are the one isolating yourself from me.”
"Ugh."
He nodded. This whole time he assumed that she intended to tear his body apart. They all kind of assumed that. He and his team had been so frayed and on edge that they hadn’t considered the alternative. And because of that they had all played into her hand beautifully. He had a feeling that Bucky knew exactly what she really meant, however. He tried to warn Steve but our dear Captain wouldn’t listen.
Dick.
“I know it’s stupid and is not like we were together and a part of me is actually glad that he’ll have someone after- after I…” He stopped as his voice was beginning to break.
Sure, he was totally going to come out of hiding just to have the shit electrocuted out of him, again. He had enough of that on the last mission thank you very much. He did not fall for Victor’s taunts. The Captain was usually as cool as a cucumber when dealing with his enemies. Only Tony knew how to get a rise out of him.
In truth, there were three reasons why Tony decided to stay and oversee each and every operation regarding Barnes’s arm.
“Good bye Doctor. Be well.” Steve nodded his farewell.
"What is that exactly?" He indicated the light.
“I need you to protect those projection pods and keep the containment field intact. When that thing goes down the Rhododendron will have access to the civilians again.”
He really did not know how a heart could endure so much pain and still keep beating. The last few weeks alone were horrible enough and then add all that to his entire life?
"Come." She held out a hand. "Let us go discuss matters."
What he hadn’t realized of course was that Hank was merely shocked after the fact that the Captain was now lucid, after spending nearly eighteen hours staring blankly at his heart monitor.  Hank shook off his surprise quickly in order to alleviate the anxiety attack that was now building in our dear Captain.
How does Tony to do that? He just knows just what the Captain needs.
He quickly left the room. As he made his exit he bumped into Natasha and Clint who were clearly eavesdropping. He said nothing as he sidestepped them and continued to leave the compound. He was happy to learn that his imprisonment had been lifted. He needed air and miles to run. He did not have a destination in mind, not in the least. All we wanted was to feel free.
“Yes, dumb ass why don’t you tell them exactly what happened.” Bucky provoked.
Barnes nudged his shoulder with his knee.
“Oh God, okay, I escaped confinement.”
They conversed merrily for a time. Just catching up.
“The compound is on lock down.”  Jarvis stated.
Fury started to bark out orders. He was about to issue a lock down order in hopes of entrapping whatever it was that was causing this nightmare, however Xavier intervened.
“Come on!” Tony hit the glass. “Why did Steve leave!?” He demanded again.
"Yay! I knew you could do it!" Ellie said to the doll and planted a kiss in the middle of Princess Avalon's face.
Steve shuddered pleasantly, they were so close. All he would have to do was lean in two inches and claim him. Steve took a deep breath and calmed himself. Instead he leaned forward and gently tapped his forehead against Tony’s. The genius backed up a little shocked while Steve smirked at him. He didn’t do it hard enough to hurt, just enough to make Tony back away. It was only a warning.
Steve had absolutely no answers for her. A nurse would come by every so often to let him know that she was stable but nowhere near out of the woods. Apparently, it was this way for Ellie's birth as well. Or so Angie told him. Peggy's normal human body struggled to bear their enhanced child. It really frightened him. He wished he could remember how everything went the first time so that he would know what to expect this time.
“I was wrong okay!? I thought he betrayed us! Betrayed me… Clearly something else happened that I’m not aware of!”
He wrapped his arms around his sore body tightly as tears spilled over. He watched in fascinated misery as the tears glittered and floated away instead of roll down his cheeks.
Now he was brooding alone in his studio.  Mulling over everything.  As it was Xavier took his X-Men on a mission.  They left sometime yesterday after the assassination to follow a lead on Calamity, leaving the Avengers to deal with Shield responsibilities.  Despite being on radio silence there were some cases they just could not ignore.  But Fury was still casting a smokescreen over the Calamity case.
“He’ll be mad at you.” She warned halfheartedly. She knew it was futile.
"Does Peggy know?"
“With your advanced healing rate you should be right as rain in just three short weeks.”
Oh boy.
“Okayyy, so something almost happened?” Natasha’s teasing smile turned into a feral grin when she saw Steve redden and fidget.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Please! I have to help him!” He groaned out. His wrist burning ever more, the pain increasing in intensity.
Tony bit his lip not in concentration but in primal fear. The code was near completion, but he could feel it, he wasn't going to make it. He felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach as his team continued to cry out in pain and urgency.
“Yep! I told you not to worry. You should just think about taking care of yourself right now, you look like shit.” Tony observed
Steve smiled in response and Thor started chuckling.
“Not if I’m going to replace your arm, you’re not!” He huffed. Bucky’s eyes widened. “I had consulted with the leading most neuro-surgeon in the world. He told me a procedure like that would be excruciating, torture even, without some sort of analgesic to alleviate the pain of rebinding your nerves to the cybernetics. But wait, oh yeah, you can’t have painkillers because of your metabolism. Ergo this doohickey here.” Tony rebuttaled.
“What conditions?”
As with most adversaries the Avengers had fought in the past, Calamity had made the grievous error of underestimating Tony Stark. When she made the ill-fated decision to give her code to Tony, she had inadvertently handed him the tool of her demise.
He also made sure he had everyone’s attention as he was now going to continue.
“You read this right?” Tony began after a moment of silence, gesturing to Steve’s letter. “Do you believe what he wrote in this?” He held up the letter once more.
“Okay! Why don’t we start by you showing me your most favorite drawings?” Steve suggested.
Tony replied, “It seems that my algorithm found Calamity. Apparently she was here in this room.” He all but squeaked out.
Steve nodded.
"If anyone cares I shit myself…" Clint added.
“I-I have little time left and I should want to be spending it with my family, and I do! But I don’t think I can get over the guilt of just leaving Bucky out there somewhere. Here, I am safe and surrounded by people who care about me and he’s out there alone in a hostile environment.” Steve said stricken.
He so does not got this! What the fuck was he thinking!? Yeah of those freaky little creatures were easy to destroy but damn, Clint was not joking, those little bastards packed quite a punch. The first one that zapped him nearly knocked him on his ass. They were vastly superior to Natasha’s electrifying talents. He shivered thinking about it.
Calamity is eyes lit up and delight.
“You want to experiment on my head? Mine?! You’ve got to be fucking joking! I can’t tell whether your stupidly insane or insanely stupid!” He raged. “Did you so suddenly forget what happened yesterday?!”
“I don’t understand.  We have been searching for this woman this entire time how is it you are able to find her where we couldn’t.”  She questioned with a hiss in her voice.  Before Tony could respond Steve stepped up to defend the genius and help alleviate the tension.
God, he felt so foolish.
(See the end of the chapter for
He began his walk to the door only to be stopped by Tony’s annoying mocking voice.
“Well, I’m going to take a tea break to think it over. You want to join me?” Steve asked to them both.
Tony glared at him madly. “No, you know what? You can go now. Get lost and stop eating my food!”
Now, however, there was a whole new level of complexity to the circumstances that he did not understand. After what Natasha told him and the footages he viewed, he knew something else entirely was wrong. But, for the life of him he could not figure it out. Steve left for a specific reason, whether it was because of Tony or another reason entirely, he needed answers.
"Guess were going to find out the hard way." He surmised.
He clenched his hands tightly.
“Oh, you spend a lot of time in there.” She said matter of factly.
“Read me a story, Daddy!” She squealed after being thoroughly tucked in.
During their trek to the factory Steve learned that the siblings were actually twins. Pietro and Wanda Maximoff. They were Hydra experiments like Bucky. In any case their abilities were incredibly useful and made it easier to elude detection. So for now, he was glad they were there.
“You think I CARE!??” He yelled cutting Steve off as he connected a right hook to Steve’s face.
“Why what Dear?” She began to run her fingers through his hair lovingly.
Everyone else nodded in agreement that all sharing the same sentiment.
Clint had been trying to reach him, the fuzzys swarmed the jet and took down Natasha. She’s fine but down and out, only just barely able to hold a perimeter over a major highway. Johnny appeared to be slowing down but still active. Ben was making slow progress to the source factory. Clint and Peter were herding the fuzzys into large groups while Ms. Munroe created pockets of anti electrical fields to dispel them.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“What the hell?” Now he was livid. “Jarvis, what gives??”
He put everything he had into reaching for his brother. He watched in desperation as he started moving further and further away as Tony lifted off into the air. He saw a silvery flash as Quicksilver suddenly appeared over Bucky’s prone body briefly before they both disappeared.
In a half an hour later Steve, with his shield strapped to his back, found himself standing by the bay doors next to Ironman.  Tony did a little jig as they waited for the bay doors to open.  Steve looked at him, shaking his head. He had no idea how the genius still had so much energy after such a full day of excitement.
“Father, this is my friend, Steve Rogers.” He gestured to Steve.
I’m sorry??
"My dear Graham," she began as she caressed his cheek. "You have not learned the lesson I have left for you to learn." She gently removed his shattered pink aviators and tossed them aside.
"Sir, only fifty percent of the Iron Legion remain." Jarvis remarked.
Tony continued, “Do you know why it hurts so much? Why you will never willingly be able to forget a single detail or why you will never be able to forgive yourself as long as you live?”
“Are you really sure you don’t want me there with you?”
All of a sudden the Captain was surrounded by his team. Thor was on his right, Johnny on his left, Ben at his six and Scott crawled up on his left shoulder.
“Man, they’re fine.  They refuse to leave me. They are worried about you.”
God damn it!  He loves Tony to death but that damn jerk!
He had to keep it together.
Twenty feet…
Tony used his watch armor to stun the first occupant he had visual on. Bucky simultaneously and swiftly slid low against the floor and quickly took out the second occupant by sweeping his legs out from under him then twisting around painfully to punch the guy in the face knocking him out.
"Well then, time to get to work." Iron Man said as he blasted off. He landed heavily in front of the nearest one and cursed, "Son of a bitch. They're powered by my arc reactor designs. It's not constructed well, but it's functional."
This caught Steve’s attention immediately.
BANG!!
“A vessel!?  You’re possessing someone?”  Tony nearly raged as he tried to step out from behind Steve.  The Captain would not let him.  However, Steve was utterly stricken at the thought.
Bucky would spend days cooped up along with Steve, reciting wild and epic tall tales, coming up with weird verbal games and even producing a small collection of baseball cards to play with. Once Bucky realized Steve had a real knack for reproducing the likeness of the players on the cards he left for him, he did everything he could to dig up things Steve could draw with.
After an embarrassing disaster of changing into bedclothes and a few awkward attempts at position changes, Steve and Peggy were finally settled down peacefully. He could sense her fall asleep quickly but for Steve sleep would not come. There was just way too much to absorb. His wildest dreams had become a reality.
Steve turned to Calamity quickly, saying something Tony could not make out. Tony was but a few hundred feet away now.
“How many people have died because of the weapons you created, Tony? Innocent people?”
“Okay.” Bucky nodded.
“If anybody asks Jarvis, I’m going to the Raft for some answers.” He commanded as he blasted off through a tunnel into the sky.
Steve finally looked up at her.
Even though the subsequent scream was entirely expected, it still turned Tony’s stomach in ways he did not know it could turn. It was wretchedly awful. Natasha seemed to not be doing much better. Just as quickly as it had started, it had stopped. Like Tony said, the pain would occur instantaneously, but not remain.
"God, this just keeps getting better and better. You drew this house for me before." He said gesturing to the house and property around them. "You told me this was the perfect place to raise a family. Let me guess, let me guess: 1955, dream house, ring on your finger," He pointed at Steve's left-hand. "You married Peggy Carter."
“Make no mistake my dear, as my keystone your purpose in my plans has already come to fruition. I felt it imperative to at the very least give you a modicum of peace while I fulfill my purpose of laying claim of every soul on your little planet.” Calamity’s demeanor shifted to dead serious. She approached Steve and grabbed his chin making him look her in the eye.
They loved each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve wasn’t one hundred percent sure but he couldn’t help but to think that he saw Colonel Rhodes flip Tony the bird before the elevator door closed. He must of considering Tony is now on the floor laughing as asks off.
“I did not stop them in time, the pale one activated a silent alert and the short one will come to in a few minutes.” He replied in a huff, struggling to regain balance against the wall.
“Tony, you are the only hope this world has left. Do you know how many people are looking to the company to fix this? And how many people I have the look in the eye and say I don’t know!?”
"What lengths?" He asked with an air of blossoming dread.
“I was very surprised to learn of the Directors good health.” Thor stated with an air of bewilderment.
He began to recount how he came to the conclusion that he needed to apologize and that when he tried to have Jarvis tell Tony to come back Tony had already issued a do not disturb protocol. He commented how he didn’t think anything of it then and proceeded to remove himself from his restraints. He described in painful detail how he hobbled about searching for the genius only to find Ms. Potts leaving his room utterly disheveled. Like the way she used to…
“Boss!  Boss!  I have them!”
Tony breathed a mental sigh of relief when just as Barnes’s grip slipped off of the cable, Steve grabbed his metal wrist. Both were being sucked into the pseudo-void now.
Tears rolled down his face.
Steve seriously wanted to vomit. Peggy led him into the old country house and tried to reassure him that everything was fine. She bid Eleanor to go to her room and amuse herself with her dolls. Despite being so overwhelmed Steve was sad to see her go.
“Finally! I shall have my revenge! You killed Harker and I w-”
Not good. Back at the tower he had Jarvis manufacturing more of them, but one Iron Legion robot every five minutes was not going to cut it. Gotta focus on the black hole of death first.
"Ellie? Do you remember what I dreamt about this week, do you remember what I painted?"
Spending the last couple weeks with Barnes had given Tony insight into some of the facets of Steve’s personality. Namely the capacity to handle Tony with a no-nonsense attitude and then turn around and dish out insults as well as he took them. In the beginning, when they first met, Tony thought Steve was an arrogant prick, a witless military puppet.
Natasha had successfully pinched her fingers onto Clint’s left ear and proceeded to drag him out of the room.
“I can manage the rest on my own for now.  You should really turn in Tony.  I’ve got this.”  He turned to Steve and nodded knowing that the captain would be able to make the asinine genius obey.
At the time he couldn’t figure out why that desire was so strong and so prominent, but he had always chalked it up to being overly concerned and wanting to give comfort.
Oh no. God no. He felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach. He felt sick that he had automatically jumped to that conclusion. And worse yet, that meant that the kisses they shared after, on Tony's part, were absolutely genuine. Steve felt nauseated and horrified that he had only kissed Tony back to manipulate him. Even if Anük was pulling the strings, it didn't stop the fact that he did it.
He displayed the chaos of data clusters over the hologram. Jarvis’s mind looked like a small ball against the gnarly chaotic coding. It branched and weaved and twisted around, encompassing the entire lab.
But how?!
“We won’t be able to use the painkiller for this. I don’t want any interference to inhibit any of your neurological commands being sent to the neurotransmitters and through your body’s natural nervous system. So, I’ll put your music on.” Tony decided dryly.
He had to hook the suit to his own arc reactor. The very one keeping him alive. He was reluctant to do so before because if a zapper touched his suit it would damage the reactor more rather than if a zapper were to merely touch his skin as evidence of the damage left behind from the fuzz buzz incident all those weeks ago. In addition to that because he no longer used his personal arc reactor to power his suits, they had their own reactors specifically designed to have the exact output needed, meaning his suits demanded a larger output of power that his personal arc reactor could sustain.
Steve woke up with the start. For one terrifying moment he had absolutely no idea where or when he was. His mind was a jumbled mess. He took in his surroundings and realized he was in his room with Peggy next to him. The events of the previous day came back to him suddenly and he smiled. He turned so that he could take in Peggy’s sleeping form. His eyes trailed down her beautiful frame and landed on her swollen tummy. His smile widened into a grin.
“Okay, Babydoll,” He said placing her on the counter. “Lay it on me.” He said as he began gathering all the ingredients he could find to make pancakes.
“Make yourself comfortable.” Tony indicated a chair at another workstation not twenty feet away.
Tony watched as he picked up the cracker again and this time took a bite. He sighed contentedly then continued, “I thought back to the kind of man I used to be before the war and even during. You are definitely right there is so much I must atone for. Doing my best to not let the world crash and burn sounds like a good place to start.” He mused.
He got up and took a deep breath.  Now or never.  He subconsciously adjusted his blue shirt and wipes nonexistent dirt off his jeans as he made his way to Tony’s lab with resolution.
“Yes, yours is different.”
Peggy nodded still deep in thought. “If she were anybody else, you know Howard, he would have divulged every crude detail by now.” She commented.
Steve nodded solemnly. Suddenly Bucky thought of something. Steve can see the gears turning in his head.
"Yeah, I did. She's doing as good as she can, considering." He said with a tense smile.
Upon entering he tossed aside the little paper bag containing the forgotten whetstone, then grabbed his sketchbook. He shoved everything on the work table out of his way, not caring in the least where they ended up. He ripped open the sketchbook and began to sketch out the features of the man whilst his face was clear in his mind before it faded like all his dreams before.
He ended up in a brutal hand to hand combat with the deadly assassin.  The dark figure was a super soldier just like him.  The Captain did not know how but he could sense it.
You are so deeply flawed yet it makes you so beautiful. Everything from your scars and your idiosyncrasies to the way you smile and light up when a project goes right or when you speak so passionately about the things you create. So many people are so quick to believe the worst about you and I loath to admit that I used to but I have never been so happy to have been so wrong. You are so amazing and I admire you so profoundly. I look up to you, Tony. You are so strong willed and your perseverance is so stunning, God, I love you.
“I mean, how when he escaped the tower he told me that he wasn’t going to spend the rest of his life getting his heart ripped out or to be manipulated.” She pinned him with a fierce glare. “That he had already lost you…” Her mouth was set in a grim line.
Before Steve can even consider where he would spend his vacation Tony added an amendium.
“Back here Bruce!” Tony shouted back.
“It’s your studio.” She replied. “It’s where you have all your paintings and things like that.”
All of the heroes stood on shaky legs. Many were battle weary and severely wounded but regardless each and every one of them stood and declared their will to fight for their Captain's soul. Tony could not have been more proud of his team, his family. He watched as Steve looked at each one of them in turn and did a poor job holding back his emotions.
There was no scent or sound or trace of the man anywhere. There were no tracks in the gravel, no other discernible disturbances. He could tell something as insignificant as the paperboy having come and gone but could not find any traceable evidence of the man. It irked Steve to no end.
"Yeah it is, pretty great not dying."
“He’s fast be careful.”
Crap.
He had to see Tony again. He had to see his friends again!
Don’t forget to leave a review please.
“Mr. Stark does not wish to be disturbed.”
He closed his eyes in an attempt to focus. When he opened them again he was back in the bustling hospital. Before he could even question what was happening, he heard somebody call out.
“Actually, the oldest known dildo is a siltstone twenty-centimeter phallus from the upper Paleolithic period some 30,000 years ago.” Jarvis interjected.
Bucky nodded. He shakingly held up his right hand for Tony to take. The genius eased him up slowly but firmly.
The hole was so strong now that it was sucking in whole cars, larger debris and doom bots and zappers at an alarming velocity.
All the sudden the man disappeared and reappeared behind the big Boss.
“WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?!” Clint shouted out erratically. There he goes.
A/N: Hi Everyone! Welcome back! Now we can finally find out what the shit is happening with Tony.
Tony grabbed Barnes and exited the Raft with impressive force. As he ascended in the waters he realized he was being tailed.
Steve meant to leave but stopped as a knife whizzed by his head and embedded itself in the door. He turned slowly to frown at her completely unamused.
The aid bot was dragging Tony away from the fray.  Steve hoped he was okay.  That moment of distraction cost him as the dark figure swiped his feet out from under him.
"Okay!" She said excitedly as she bounded off happily.
“Guys!? Something invisible just hit me!” Scott called out.
The fallen agents were aboard the helicarrier doing their jobs, and then suddenly they fainted. Only when they arrived at the sick bay did the physicians figure out what they were dealing with. That it was in fact the mysterious illness that was plaguing over seventy people.
Tears of shame and regret ran down his face mixing with the blood from his gash. The doom bot geared up to deliver a deathblow but stopped.
“Alright got it.  You should go get changed, it’s a bit nippy out there, especially if you’re riding with me.”  Tony winked at him obnoxiously.
There was no need to continue, Tony knew the sentiment that was to come next.
He walked along a hallway that led to the main mass chamber and followed the gentle glow of light. When he finally walked into the massive room he found that it was illuminated by hundreds of candles along the walls. He looked around the room trying to see what he could see.
That means Steve was going to have to rely on his sharp senses. He slowed down a bit and tried to focus.
Tony sprang from his seat, darting to the launching platform. As soon as he stepped out one of his many suits enveloped him. Even before the last of the mechanisms were in place he blasted off into the sky, heading straight for Baltimore.
‘Wonderful.’  He mentally berated himself.
This was his last resort he built into the suit just in case all else failed, assuming he’d be alive to use it.
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD HE KISSED STEVE INFRONT OF EVERYBODY!!??!!??
“Well, look at what we have here.” Smirked the rather large agent from the other side.
“ ‘Cause I’m with you pal, till the end of the line.” He finished with a wet cheeky smirk.
Natasha gave a sideways glance at Clint. She’d do anything she can to protect him and his family also. As it was they were her family too.
"Because," she drawled out menacingly, almost lustfully, as she grabbed his face by the chin and nuzzled her nose to his. "Where would the fun in that be?" She whispered playfully against his lips, then promptly disappeared.
"He exists to me! I can't think straight, and I can't tell you why, but I know he's out there somewhere and I love him!"
Tony’s suit began to engage the others once more. He watched with horror as his sights locked on to Clint yet again. His friend was savvy enough to use the right evasive maneuvers in regards to his suits weaponry. Thank God for those training exercises they did all those weeks ago. But it would only be a matter of time before the Rhododendron figured out how to use his more sophisticated weapons. When that happened his team was dead, plain and simple.
What if there was some sort of time paradox happening? Tony could not exist in this universe due to Howard's accident. What if the powers that be were trying to erase his existence entirely?
“I know of the Directors true fate.  You wish you could tell the rest of your team that all’s well.”
Tony smiled fondly at Steve starting to laugh a little.  Of course if Natasha was dead serious about some like that you better listen up.  “Okay.” He chuckled. “I'll let you slide on this one.”
“Of course.”
He hoped.
How is that even possible though?
“I figured you would pull something like this the moment you came here today.” He sneered.
“Sir?”
"What did you get for uncle Howard?" Ellie asked as she hung off of Steve's left arm like a monkey.
His thoughts trailed back to his team, to Tony. He did not want to fail here. Then his mind flashed to Bucky for a moment. He was back on the train and his brother had slipped through his fingers again. His final scream echoing in his mind. The screaming kept going longer and longer than it ever had before. He paused, that was not a man’s scream.
It had been twelve days since Calamity had taken Steve, ten since Tony broke Barnes out of the Raft and one full week since the shocking revelation that Barnes had murdered his parents. Tony has yet to have any contact with the soldier since then. Even if there was a tiny, itty-bitty part of him that has made some kind of peace with it, he still could not bring himself to face him. Even then Barnes’s lucid state of mind had become few and far between, they were losing him.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
Now his own movements were disjointed and sloppy. But the Winter Soldier was no better. Only half of his attacks seem to land. Steve was growing careless. He began dropping his guard before he stopped blocking altogether. He regretted it after the soldier landed a solid hit to his rib cage with his metal arm.
Oh how wrong he was.
“Holy shit.” Tony so eloquently responded.
So Steve did. He thought about how he would find a way to ensure the safety of the kids. He would have to find someone who he could trust. Being targeted by the government made him a huge liability. He would want to ditch the kids but they are foreign here. But they had extremely useful abilities. He’d be able to avoid detection with them by his side. So he could travel nearly anywhere almost unseen. But where would he go?
“I-I don’t want to pop any stitches.”
To say Steve was a bit surprised by her strength was an understatement. Sure, he’s had fleeting thoughts about the extent of her potential due to his own enhanced state. How much of his own abilities had been passed to her? He had gotten a good taste of it just now. That tug was easily the strength of a fully grown adult. As he watched her golden curls bounce along with her excitement, as she led him to the pony ride, he idly wondered exactly what she was capable of.
“Oh! Darling, let me get those. You did the cooking this morning.” She said as she heaved herself on to her feet.
“Why even have it there?” Pietro inquired suspicious.
It's so strange, these heartbeats, it is as though he has been here before… Like a long-lost dream...
“Okay.” He swallowed thickly. “Remember this is very important.” He looked at them, “Do exactly what I tell you to do. Do not question me, got that?”
Chapter Two: Do You Know Your Enemy?
“Did you know that archery is timeless? It exists in every realm and beyond. Every life form that has developed a form of weapons technology has archery as a foundation. Oh, there is so much I could teach you, but so very little time.” She looked truly mournful.
“I did this morning.”
"Please, Daddy. I don't like it here, please, let's go back." She pleaded as tears ran down her face.
Steve chuckled, "How is it you went from trying to solve the universes biggest questions to harvesting souls? What does it all have to do with Yggdrasil?" He wondered.
He did not know how long mowing the lawn had taken him in the past but he was sure he had broken his personal best today. He was utterly motivated as if each foot of cut grass could alleviate his mind of all his tumultuous emotions and thoughts. Thus, he had finished in mere minutes what he thought originally would take him at least twenty. He then raked up and gathered the cut grass into a wheelbarrow where he deposited the debris onto the compost heap.
Bucky watched him intently.
She was so swollen with his child… His child…
"Source?" Tony scanned the area searching for the Rhododendron or anyone else trying to destabilize the portal.
“Just let me explain.” Tony started, putting his hands up placatingly. “After what happened yesterday it became obvious that we needed to get creative about finding a way to at the very least examine you without triggering a homicidal breakdown.”
Tony paused and genuinely mulled over her deal. He hated the price she asked and that she had the audacity to ask it all. It was too much, he hated himself even more for even taking a moment to consider it. He looked down on Steve's broken body and is much as he would like to think that he would have truly given anything to save the Captain, Calamity asked for the one thing he absolutely could not give, his humanity, his soul. Sure, he would have physically handed it to her as if it were a tangible thing as this bizarre conversation suggests. In fact, he had just offered, however, part of her bargain states that he and Steve would be hands-off, yet that is exactly what the twisted catch is. In this warped scenario, she would not stake claim on his soul but how much of his human soul would even still exist if he traded the rest of humanity for it?
He sighed, "How long am I going to be stuck like this?"
‘At least..’ He thought. ‘I tried.’
"Soooo… How to go on your end?" He was met with silence as Tony meticulously ignored him, favoring the device in front of him. "Obviously something happened."
After a few short hours of travel they made it to California. Luckily or unluckily whichever way you want to see it, Von Doom was still wreaking havoc, searching for whatever it was he was looking for.
“And you want to try it on me!?” Bucky responded incredulously.
“Oh, Ellie! This is so beautiful. Are you trying to hug your little brother or sister?” He smiled at her.
Scott and Coulson were in the rec room in a deep discussion about a movie series he hadn’t seen yet. He quickly knocked out Scott first. If he had time to get into his suit and shrink he’d never catch him. Coulson drew his gun quickly but paused when he realized the threat was Steve. The Captain used his confusion to his advantage and knocked out Coulson. He grabbed Coulson’s shield radio to tune into any updates on the team going after Bucky. Jarvis sent out an alert. He quickly meandered through the halls and grabbed his shield from the specific place he left it and took his emergency backpack and headed back to the room that he set up his easel.
“What are you doing here, Calamity?”  Steve asked roughly, his thoughts and hormones in such disarray.
“Don’t sweat it Tony.  I swear I won’t tell a soul, scout’s honor.”
“Thank you.” Wanda said, graciously accepting the food given to her.
“What the hell do you want, bastard?” Tony barked annoyed.
Please, don’t forget to drop a review after you’re done reading and let me know what you think. I apologize for any and all errors. Without any further ado, on with the show!
"Too bad, Stark. You're too late anyway. The mother comes." He laughed.
Steve was attempting to subdue the incoming wave of misery that was threatening to spill over by the way of unwelcome tears. How long had he wanted Tony to drop the stupid nicknames and just address him as Steve? With so much reverence laced within its utterance no less.
Tony was taken back to his childhood where he recalled stories told about this hero. Each story, comic book, and film depicted an imposing figure that couldn’t possibly have existed. This Captain America character had always been too strong, too unyielding, too noble, and too
“Thank you for helping me. I know you didn’t have to, at all.”
“Sir?”
“He’s useful. It be stupid to leave him there.” Tony shot.
“My team!?  You mean the people perfectly comfortable keeping me locked away without telling me why!?”  He frowned as he brushed heavy streaks of red against the canvas.
He began to assess his restraints. The one time he wished he was small again, he could weasel out of almost anything back then.
The soldier froze. He stared at Steve with an undiscernible expression.
“You have no idea what I caught her doing in my lab last time! She – “
When Jarvis confirmed the identity of their masked assailant as the long-lost James Buchanan Barnes, he knew Steve likely would stop at nothing to find him. Broken body and all. So, Tony has Jarvis keeping a lookout for him.
He did it for Steve too. It just wouldn’t have been right to leave him there knowing what he knew.
Tony sighed. Suddenly a loose paper fluttered to the floor. Bucky watched it miserably.
“She said it was the most delicious one she ever had!” She exclaimed.
Then she started to shrink and darken, turning into that iridescent black that he was now all too familiar with. The end result was a small black iridescent crystal-like creature that he could fit in the palm of his hand. Indeed, when he held his hand out to her she landed right in the middle of his palm.
“Holy shit, Cap, you killed her!” Sam called out in relief.
Tony pouted. Steve was just making fun of him now, he groaned.
Steve frowned at her, questioning the soundness of that idea.
An entire service was being planned out and Steve could not even bring himself to really participate.  All he did was tell them that he would paint a portrait for the funeral and proceeded to lock himself in his studio.  He didn’t know what he was going to do.  He had no desire to paint Fury’s face considering the man was still alive and completely all for the whole “leave Steve in the dark and on house arrest” thing.
“So was I!” Tony countered roughly.
"Well, that's awfully convenient." He snided.
Even if it was just for a moment, he needed to settle things with Tony, he absolutely could not leave things as they were.
"What? Why?" Tony demanded.
“Hush you fool!  He belongs to us now!”  The fat man turned his attention back to the book.
His head felt so heavy and cloudy, but he clung desperately to the knowledge that this wasn't real.
Just as Steve was going to go into yet another round of apologies, Tony successfully shut him up by quickly and desperately pressing his lips onto Steve’s.  The Captain responded immediately, cupping Tony’s face in one hand and pulling him closer with the other. Steve felt like he was on fire.
Admittedly, he had realized at various times that she had to be pulling the strings. He just could not truly fathom at the time just how deep she was into everything that had happened. She was the reason why he and Tony had fought in the first place.
They nodded solemnly.
“Jar, take us up!” Tony shouted.
He seemed to be doing much better today. Tony idly wondered if Wanda had done something for him. Tony shook himself out of his thoughts and turned to the coffee station. He picked up a mug and handed it to the soldier.
Captain America VS The Winter Soldier
“Yes unfortunately.” Captain America had to figure out how to get them to safety. More puff balls were heading that way according to Clint.
“Come on Rogers!”  He urged to himself.
Steve still looked at her questioningly.
He stood abruptly and walked away.
“Tony, I’ve known you for nearly fifteen years now. We’ve lived together and we were even in an honest to God relationship. I know you, Tony.” She pulled up a stool and sat next to him. She gently grabbed his face. “I’m not going to pry you for details but Tony, I can see it as clear as day. You’re in love with someone.” She smiled sadly at him.
Tony sighed miserably, finally lifting his head from his knees. He looked up at the florescent lights on the ceiling, letting his head go back and thump against the wall painfully. He stared at the lights for some time, as if the white light could somehow bleach away his agony or at the very least enlighten him as to what exactly he was supposed to do with himself when this was all over. He took a deep breath and began to listen to the awful rhythm of Steve's heart monitor again.
Then all of a sudden Tony looked up from his phone. He observed the others who were all anxiously waiting for his explanation. He grinned almost maniacally.
She was gone.
“Here we go!” Steve said as he lifted the book from the shelf and made his way back to Ellie’s bed.
“EVERYONE! Shut the FUCK up!!” He bellowed, his voice low and commanding with a boom that penetrated everybody’s mind like a grenade.
“You’re likely right Dr. Banner. That is what Tony and I were thinking.” Steve replied admittedly.
After cleaning up after the operation, Tony walked leisurely to his workshop letting his thoughts zip about and land where they may. The last few months altogether had been really something else. Never before could he have imagined his life taking all the twists and turns that it had.
It gave Tony chills. It sounded just like the way her overwhelming presence felt.
“Yes.  After what happened your mind has been hopelessly out of my reach.”  He answered, his stricken expression never leaving his face.
The genius gulped.
“Fight back!” Bucky cried. “Fight me!” His voice was hysterical.
"Shit!" He exclaimed as he darted back to the stove and quickly pulled the pan from the burner.
After washing the dishes and cleaning the rest of the kitchen and dining area for good measure, Steve headed upstairs to check on Ellie. Peggy had already left an hour ago to run errands which consisted of groceries and a brunch/tea with Angie.
Bruce felt the Hulk back away the moment he heard Steve’s voice. There was something in it that made even the Hulk retreat. Bruce had always felt clam when interacting with Steve, we was always so respectful, patient and wise. It was always a pleasure to have a sophisticated discussion with him. Even from a man out of time there were always concepts that were timeless.
Calamity laughed.
Tony led our soldier to a station the genius had set up. Though completely outraged, Bucky followed on gesture. The station had seven different monitors placed in front of an exam chair. Though infinitely more humane than any set up Bucky had encountered before, (there weren’t even restraints attached) he was remiss to continue.
"That's right." She said with a grunt as she struggled out of bed. "They wouldn't get anywhere without me." She muttered as she smoothed her nightgown down.
"Oh? Do you mean me?" The Rhododendron sneered. Suddenly, that pink rabbit was face-to-face with Tony.
Clearly, he exists in some form. And how in the hell on God's green earth did he end up having an affair with Howard's son of all people?
Steve paused. That was true, no one would recognize Bucky easily. But Tony would. He did not want to put him at risk like that.
He started to protest.
"That's what Tony meant." He thought in astonishment.
Clint nodded vigorously in agreement.
Steve was in his studio slowly adding color to his Coney Island painting.  Even though this scene would usually inspire profound reminiscent feelings that usually consisted of guilt and grief, the Captains mind was blank, completely lost in the process of adding and mixing colors.  He was so deep in his activity he did not realize he was no longer alone or that Jarvis had in fact announced the arrival of his new guest.  He was completely shocked out of his reverie by the sound of Johnny’s voice.
She just looked at him with this blank look on her face. He cannot read her at all. The silence was deafening, making him near panicking.
“It’s co-“
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose in irritation. How is this his life? He’s just a kid from Brooklyn but here he is, in this time, with these people, in this insane situation. He could not help but to wish Bucky was there with him. He read somewhere that wishes were eternal, whatever.
“I’ve got a question for you. Why don’t you ask him yourself!?” Bucky locked eyes on him challengingly, his gaze was cutting.
“You were right.” Steve said stiffly.
Tony rolled his eyes, ‘Yeah, we were totally trying to fool you, psycho.’
“Okay.” Tony replied reaching for a wand like device off the table. “Remember this scanner?” Tony held it up for Barnes to inspect.
Steve felt a strange sensation on his forehead.
“I’ll do what I can to take care of this, Stark. You just stirred up one hell of a hornet’s nest.” He sighed. “Barton, get us back to the tower ASAP. This soldier needs medical attention.” Fury commanded.
"Yes, I do." He flushed.
Surely such a statement shouldn’t lead to such embarrassment.
“You have to. Listen Buck, I need you to go with them and make sure they make it out of here alive.” He retorted firmly.
Chapter Forty-Four: Paradise Burning
"I see that." Iron Man snapped.
He groaned audibly. "Sorry Babydoll, I'm fine, really. Just distracted." He said as he turned off the burner and began to plate up their food.
Just as he was soldering a wire in place on what would be the 1257th device he felt a presence and a shadow loom over him. He looked up to find Barnes looking down at him pensively.
“Leave her alone, dumbass. It was probably Dr. Cho that told Natalia. She was the one that wanted you kicked out.” Barnes interjected.
“Look out!” Maggie hollered.
Iron Man regarded him. “What of it?” He spat but did not reengage.
“Well, if you’re sure you can keep your head screwed on tight enough, I think we have a little painkilling device to calibrate.” Tony quipped. He grabbed a small handful of grapes as he stood up and shoved them into his mouth before speaking again. “All right! Let’s get this show on the road.” He declared before heading toward his workshop.
“So you want to steal it?!” Bucky demanded incredulously.
He started to become more apprehensive. If he’s reading the patient reports right then there is absolutely nothing physically or even psychologically wrong with these people. Even the specialists are vexed. There is something terribly fishy going on and the good Captain is dreading the eventual confrontation of the fiend that has the power to do this to people.
"Sure, you keep thinking that." Tony grunted as they slowly made their way to the pile of robot corpses.
Suddenly there was a tight grip on his wrist. The Captain soon recaptured his bearings and followed the source of the grip to Thor’s strained face. He was staring ahead with a look of consternation. He followed the look until he spotted a Kingly figure with an army behind him.
Steve twitched. “Can we take this outside? It’s a bit crowded here.”
He stepped into the Timefog and it swarmed around him, wrapping him in a blanketing quiet. Steve knew without looking behind him that he would not see the campus. The fog had the strange ability to conceal things even when it seemed to go against the laws of physics. All it took was one step in the wrong or right direction to end up in a different place.
Tony shivered.
A huff of displaced air stirred up the strange gray dust. Heart stuttering, Tony turned slowly to look. He choked down a snort of disbelief and blinked rapidly. The elevator doors stood open. The lights within shone with a steady glow.
In any other circumstance, Steve would let it go, because it was Tony and Tony Stark did what Tony Stark wanted. But he took a closer look and saw what probably passed as sleepwear for the other man. No one else was around, and no one was accompanying Tony.
Tony waved a hand. “I’ve got SI business to take care of tomorrow. If you want your training session it has to be on a weekday, after class.”
Tony coughed and took a shuddering breath. He squinted up at Steve, eyes bleary but clear of black. “I’m never doing anything with the Timefog ever again.” He shifted gingerly and groaned hoarsely. “I think you can let me up now, Cap. The worst seems to be over.”
Jan gave a little ‘aww’. “Was it that mission Fury sent you on? The Timefog always gives me the creeps.”
It’s really no stretch to find themselves kicked out of class immediately after. It’s okay though, because the lecture material was really boring and Tony knew it all already. And it freed up more time for Jan and him to hang out together.
“JARVIS, scan for Steve’s signature.”
Loki crossed his arms and rested his weight on one hip. “Are you deaf? I said you’re blocking the door.” He paused and peered at Tony. “What happened to you? You seem different.” He flicked a hand dismissively. “Not that I care. I’m just asking so I can make fun of you later.”
A breath in. A breath out.
Steve’s voice picked up behind him. “Tony, where are you going? You need to be more careful!”
Steve unhooked the shield from its harness. “Are you sure?” He surveyed the area.
Steve brightened so much he resembled a lightbulb. “Great!” He cleared his throat and frowned. “Great. How about 7 PM? Does that work for you? We could get dinner before or after if you want?”
Tony spun around. “Will you stop making so much noise, Steve? I’m concentrating here!” Something caught on his boot and he tripped. He flailed and landed in a loud, ungainly heap.
JARVIS had scanned him, but couldn’t find anything other than fatigue and insomnia.
A low rumble reverberated through the floor, travelling up Tony’s legs. The lights flickered, and a shape coalesced in the reflection captured by the glass.
Tony sighed gustily, good mood gone. He landed (impressively, if he did say so himself) and addressed the man in front of him. “What are you doing here, Rogers? I've got important things to do, so you need to move.”
Steve spluttered and Tony smacked him on his very firm arm. “Don’t get your panties in a bunch. It’s just Loki being Loki. You know how he is.”
Steve glanced at Tony in alarm.” What do you mean, it can’t be killed?”
Tony and Steve stared after her.
“You okay there? You look constipated.” Tony had linked arms with Jan. The plan was to get some much needed coffee, and then a round of selfies in the quad before the next class.
Jan pouted. “You better not be saying that just to placate me! And you’re going to say yes to that date, you hear?” She prodded him hard in the chest.
It also turned out Steve actually tried to schedule a training session through JARVIS. Fortunately, JARVIS was intuitive enough to delay it. Unfortunately, JARVIS was a blabbermouth and told Steve Tony was feeling unwell.
Steve knelt to let Tony off his back and helped him sit upright in the grass.
The branches shook furiously and flexed like claws. A resounding growl came from the trunk and the ground rippled.
“You have to burn it. That’s the only way to stop it.” Cold sweat beaded on Tony’s forehead, mixing with the dirt and dust. “You can’t kill it, Steve. I don’t think it can be killed.”
Tony ignored the gaze burning into him from six rows away and laid his hands over hers. “I love you too, Jan. Let’s hug it out.”
Tony had heaved himself away from the fire, a wild look in his eyes and sweat beading his skin.
If Tony had the energy to spare, he’d be indignant at the thought of Steve escorting him everywhere. The guy probably thought it was his sworn duty to help everyone, including spoilt billionaires with no sense of direction. Steve was just nice like that. Expected the best of himself and everyone around him. No wonder he always seemed disappointed or irritated by Tony. Understandable, really.
Tony tore his gaze from the treeline. “I’m fine. I just need to go home.” His gaze flitted to Steve’s concerned face then somewhere to the side. “Don’t worry your hyper-stylized self about it.”
Picking over the past two days again in his head, Tony worried for his sense of direction. It wasn’t just the Tower that he had trouble with. It was any place at any given time. Almost walking past a classroom or the Archives before being shepherded through the door by Steve. Thinking he knew where he was heading before realizing that he was in fact going in a completely different direction. Tony was glad there were no cliffs on campus. He’d have walked off one without knowing.
Steve helped him up into a sitting position and leaned him against his chest. “I think we should wait until the fire burns itself out before we leave. Just in case.”
It was like a horror video game, but he was the protagonist, and there was no quit game option. He rubbed his face into his pillow and tried to shake off the chill.
True to his word, Tony spent all of Sunday holed up in the lab. The only times he stopped working were for meal breaks, bathroom breaks, and Jan breaks. Early on in their friendship, Tony had learned the hard way the consequences of ignoring Jan for too long when she messaged him. Of course, she was perfectly understanding and accommodating if there were legitimate reasons for him not answering. Tony understood the need for immediate feedback, especially when it pertained to new ideas and breakthroughs and you needed someone to bounce ideas off of. Really, they were two peas in a pod. That was why they were best friends.
Natasha and Sam were waiting for him when he emerged from the fog.
The trail leaned left in an unsteady curve and Steve followed it cautiously. He suddenly wished he was wearing his stealth suit instead of his usual clothes. Another faint creak filtered through the fog and he tightened his grip on the shield. Ahead, the cheese trail grew more and more sparse until it finally petered out. He crouched by the last cheese crumb and surveyed the ground. The rocky terrain was not optimal for tracking but that did not deter him.
The man in question looked completely at ease with the situation. “I’m your backup on this mission.”
By the time class ended, Tony and Jan had sat themselves on top of a picnic table, onto their seventh coffee of the day and basking in the afternoon sun. A shadow towered over them and Jan gasped loudly.
Steve cleared his throat.
The penthouse suite was just as dusty and dim as the lab, but the lights were calm and steady. He stepped out of the elevator cautiously, but there were no strange noises and he could not feel the presence from the lab. The air was still stale and oppressive, and Tony tried in vain to clear his throat.
Tony breathed. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine. Just tired.”
?!” A hand latched onto Steve’s throat with inhuman strength and pressed him down onto the ground. “Make it stop, now!”
He stands under the light and looks out into the dimness. “Yeah. Yeah, just tired. Nothing a good night’s sleep won’t fix.” He takes one last glance before stepping into the elevator and letting it take him up to the penthouse. Lethargy pulls at his bones as he stares at the closed elevator doors. He’s just tired from binge-working. He just needs to sleep. Captain America’s either rubbing off on him, or he’s experiencing premature aging. With that thought, he crawls into bed and closes his eyes.
Jan smiled indulgently and squished his cheeks between her hands. “I know you’re Iron Man, Tony, but I also know how you are with your own health and safety, and that’s just as important as being Iron Man.”
Loki stood in front of him, watching him with a sneer. “You’re blocking the door, Armour Man.”
The holograms around him flickered, then died out. Tony rubbed at his eyes and groaned. “JARVIS! What did I just say?” He picked the closest camera to him and glared at it. There was no answer. The lights flickered again, then turned off completely, plunging the lab into darkness. The only source of light was Tony’s arc reactor, casting a faint blue-white glow that illuminated the desk.
He strode towards the figure. “There’s something wrong with the suit. JARVIS isn’t answering and nothing seems to be working.”
Steve beamed. “Thanks, Tony. I’ll see you tomorrow at 7 PM then, at the Power Gym.” He quickly left with what looked suspiciously like a bounce to his step.
Steve jerked as if he’d been hit. “That’s not what I- Tony, no. Look, I’m sorry about going off on you earlier today. It was out of line, and I shouldn’t have said the things I said.”
He was almost at the edge of the Timefog when a hand clamped down on his shoulder and stopped him in his tracks. Steve’s voice registered behind him. “Where do you think you’re going?”
This time, Jan shrieked.
Tony kissed her cheek. “I’m back to my old self now. You don’t have to worry anymore. You know I’m stronger than that, Jan. After all, I’m Iron Man.” He waggled his eyebrows and smirked.
He picked up the torch and ran for the tree. Steve opened up the lighter and splashed the lighter fluid onto the trunk. He thrust the torch at it and the ground bucked. He kept his balance until a terrible noise rent the air and brought him to his knees.
In the two hour window, he managed to not only finish three projects for SI, but also get himself out of his funk. Tony always found tinkering and building things to be soothing. Just him and technology. That and blasting music at ear-splitting levels.
From the shadows, from the corners of his mind, something creaked. It came from everywhere, nowhere, multiplied, echoed.
It was late by the time he stumbled into bed, the caffeine finally wearing off and eyes dry from staring at bright screens all day long. JARVIS said something but he could barely hear him over the pounding of his headache. Tony managed to mumble something generic in reply before he pulled the covers over himself and passed out.
Beside him, Steve glanced in his direction. “Are you okay?”
Tony woke up on Wednesday feeling better than he had the entire week. The aches were less prominent, his head wasn’t pounding, and he didn’t feel like keeling over when he stood on his feet. The strange preoccupation he felt seemed to be gone as well. No disturbing noises made themselves known, no creepy sensations, no odd shadows at the edge of his vision. Even the cut on his face was less red and angry. In fact, Tony felt so normal he wondered if he hallucinated the past few days.
They stared at each other in silence for a beat, before Steve twitched. He grimaced and huffed. He looked like he was getting his teeth pulled. “Would you be free for that training session we talked about?”
Steve looked even more constipated than before. “Just hear me out. I want to apologize for yesterday. I was out of line and you don’t deserve what I said about you.”
Tony grinned and let her pull him onto the dance floor. “You always know what to do!” He had to shout over the pounding music, but he knew Jan heard him because she grinned at him brightly. He let himself be pulled along with the beat. He would show the world Tony Stark was more than okay and still at the top of his game.
Tony almost looked like he was resting against the wall of the cave, face lax and eyes closed. Tree roots wound themselves heavily around his torso, pressing him into the wall of packed soil and pale thin strands of plant material. An arm was flopped to the side, with a thin root wrapped around it. His other limbs were covered in more roots. One root in particular snaked up Tony’s neck and nestled along his jaw, pale feathery filaments reaching toward the cut in his cheek in a mockery of gentleness. The arc reactor shone through a gap, throwing everything into sharp relief.
All told, it took him three hours to get ready. He blamed it on sleep deprivation and a strange feeling of preoccupation, even though he wasn’t thinking of anything in particular. The shower itself took an hour just because he kept staring off into space. An inordinate amount of time was wasted with him standing in his generous walk-in closet gazing blankly at his clothing options. At one point, he’d come back to himself, one hand on his beloved cheese fridge’s open door, looking unseeingly past all the cheese.
Tony brought a hand to his chest in mock affront. “Janet van Dyne, are you accusing me of not always looking my best?”
On the ground, amongst the swirling wisps of fog was a thin trail of cheese crumbs. The crumbs were spaced several feet apart. Steve knelt down to inspect them. He might not be a cheese connoisseur, but even he could tell it was a sharp, crumbly cheese. Steve looked in the direction of the cheese trail. Six feet in and the cheese crumbs started to look hazy. Several feet more and there was only swirling fog.
The sensors didn’t detect anything out of the ordinary. It was as if there was no mysterious purple fog at all. All readings were normal.
Tony stood so fast his chair toppled backwards. “Oh shit. Is this the part where I run for my life?” He took another glance at the failing lights and the encroaching darkness before running to the elevator. He jabbed the button for the penthouse and held down the close door button. Just as the last light in the lab failed, the doors slid closed. Something solid and heavy beat against the reinforced metal and Tony scrambled into a far corner. He wheezed, high and sharp, as the elevator shook.
Steve tugged him up and guided him a safe distance from the tree. “It’s quiet.” He observed. “What happens now?”
Tony groaned and waved a hand. “Fine. Whatever. Just keep your hands to yourself.” He turned and marched into the Timefog without waiting for a response.
Jan seemed to think the same when she saw him at Club A. “Tony,” she cupped his face in her hands, “I’m really happy you came to the party for me, but you should’ve just stayed home if you weren’t feeling well!”
“I believe you were sleepwalking, Sir. You fell asleep in the lab, then came up here. You stood here for two hours and forty-seven minutes. Your vitals became increasingly distressed, so I tried to wake you.” JARVIS paused. “You were unresponsive to my calls for twenty-three minutes, Sir.”
!” Tony threw his head against the hard ground and screamed. His voice climbed in pitch, higher and higher, until it was overlaid with an inhuman, unnatural tone. He thrashed and seized, and Steve was forced to lie on top of him, using his body weight to hold him down.
Tony flapped a hand in the air. “I’d love to, JARVIS, but I need to finish up some things in the lab.” He dismissed the AI’s concern and headed down to the basement. It was only when the elevator dinged insistently at him that he realized he’d closed his eyes and was leaning against the wall. He pushed himself upright with a groan and stumbled into the lab. Holographic displays sprung up around him as he collapsed into his chair. There were two projects from the company that needed finalizing, and three for Pym. If it all went well, he could be done in six hours.
He walks out of the Tower.
Steve followed the trail, senses on high alert for anything and everything. It didn’t hurt to be too careful. The hush that was characteristic of natural fog took on a more insidious character in the Timefog. It wrapped around Steve, hid things from his eyes and ears. But no matter how difficult it was, he was determined to find Tony.
Music had been blasting from the lab’s speakers ever since he’d stepped foot into the space. It was currently playing through Playlist #57. Tony spun a hologram depicting a water filtration device in the air. He saved the project, finalized it, and sent it to R&D. Ever since the nightmare, silence gave him the creeps. Strange sounds seemed to emerge from the silence, but JARVIS was never able to pick anything up. Music filled the space, made it much more difficult for the silence to creep in. It’d gotten to the point where he wondered if he was finally losing it.
The arc reactor glowed a steady shining blue, even though its owner was barely visible through the mass of roots covering him.
Which brought up another thing. If Steve found Tony so irritating, why did he keep trying to be buddy-buddy with him? Maybe he decided to change tactics and thought this would somehow make Tony more motivated to be a better person. Sucks to be him, because Tony wasn’t going to miraculously become a better person just because Captain America wanted to be friends. If Steve knew Tony had a crush on him for basically his entire life, he’d probably try to get away as quickly as possible.
Tony’s heart lurched. Goosebumps skittered from his scalp down his spine. A blink of the eyes, and the shape subtly shifted. Tony’s breath left him in a quiet wheeze. He blinked again and the shape suddenly seemed bigger. He stared hard at the form and willed his eyes to not blink until his eyes watered.
A red and gold lighter lay in the dirt near the boot print, seemingly dropped haphazardly. It was covered in so much dirt it nearly blended in with the ground. Steve picked it up and dusted it off. The fuel chamber was full and it was functional.
In the dead of the night, Tony opens his eyes and puts on his jet boots.
Tony stood facing into the Timefog, hot rod red boots toeing the wispy purple fog. Something resembling an amalgamation of panic and Tony’s name tore itself from Steve’s throat. There was no indication that Tony heard him, and Steve knew that no matter how quickly he moved, he would not get there in time to stop him.
Tony huffed weakly. “I hate to say it, but you’re right. I’m pretty sure it’s all gone, but the thing could just be playing tricks on my brain. Again.”
Tony clambered to his feet and realized he was alone. The Timefog was so thick he could barely see his hands. “Steve?” The name was quickly swallowed by the haze. Tony looked about. “Steve, where are you?” There was no answer.
Tony rolled his eyes. “There is it again. ‘You don’t care’, blah blah blah. Rhodey’s given me that speech before, Cap. Don’t you worry, you’re just reiterating everything everyone’s said to me at one time or another. Just relax and enjoy the Timefog, why don’t you.”
He fell into darkness.
Steve cleared his throat. “Can I talk to you, Tony?” He glanced from Tony to Jan, then back.
Tony didn’t really remember Monday or Tuesday. If he thought about it, he could dredge up vague snatches of memory. Jan fluttering about in equal amounts of excitement and worry. Lecture moving at a snail’s pace. Steve’s judgmental yet concerned face. Being electrocuted in Professor Pym’s lab. The Winter Soldier’s abysmal emo music in the quad. The last one he definitely did not make up.
Jan searched his face. “Is that how you got that cut on your cheek?” She gently pressed fingers around it. “It looks pretty inflamed. Maybe you should get it checked out.”
Tony shuddered. He quickly glanced at the horizon, but the world still seemed okay. “First time for everything, I guess?” He snatched another quick glance out the window. “Maybe my bed will give me better results.”
It was late, and Steve should really be back in his dorm and sleeping, but he had too much energy and an intense need to burn it off. That was why he found himself at the Robo Dojo fighting robots at two in the morning. If he thought too much about it, Steve would feel guilty about the rampant waste of breaking so many robots. At the same time, he knew how flippant Tony was about the damage and would probably see it as a challenge to make more resilient robots. He was hoping Tony had learned his lesson after the whole Ultron debacle, but Tony’s enthusiasm can run away with him sometimes. More like most of the time. That was probably why Tony and Jan were such good friends.
He watched the cleaning bots clear the area. A hologram signaled the end of the session and queried if he would like to start a new one. Steve chose to end session and left the Dojo.
“It’s time to leave, Sir.” JARVIS lowered the volume of the music until it faded out completely.
Tony’s eyes flitted about, looking for something that wasn’t there. “It’s just the one scratch, Steve. Nothing to worry about. Let’s just go.”
Steve gripped his hand. “We’ll get to that, but we need to get out of here first.”
In between projects for SI, Tony did work for Fury and the Academy. Two projects for SI, one for Fury, another for SI. Rinse and repeat. It helped to keep his work varied. He worked at a hectic pace, inspired by sleep deprivation and too much caffeine. It wouldn’t do to fall asleep in the middle of a project. He knew firsthand what happens when he suddenly falls asleep and did not wish to repeat that.
Ice slithered up his arms, up his neck and over his scalp. Distantly, he heard something whisper in the breeze.
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. They had to get out before anything else happened. He looked up at the ceiling where he fell from. The hole was still there, but new growth was visible at the edges. He used the shield to enlarge the hole enough so both of them would be able to get out easily.
“Glad to hear it.” Tony quirked an exhausted smile at him. “Get us out of here then, Cap.”
Tony exhaled and slumped into Steve. “My tech’s not working. Sorry.”
The longer he sat there, the more he became aware of a faint creaking sound. It seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once. The sound of it sent chills up his arms and spine, and the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. It echoed, intersected with the flickering lights, a disordered pattern that sent Tony’s pulse leaping. Something about it was old and familiar, but he knew he’d never come across it before in his life.
A groan, louder than the creak he’d heard earlier, split the air. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. It had come from his twelve o’clock, but at a distance. And it was definitely not human. Before he could do anything, a multitude of sounds echoed out from the fog. Groans, cracks, a distant rumbling Steve felt through the soles of his boots. A low grinding noise, so tortuous it almost resembled a wail, resounded. Steve leapt to his feet and held the shield in front of him. Something was happening, and he didn’t know what.
At some point he’d lost Jan in the crowd, but it was okay because he was finally getting into the groove. It was second nature for him to navigate the teeming crowd to find the best places where it was just the right amount of packed. He made it through an indeterminable number of songs.
He closed his eyes.
He watched in awe as Steve’s face transitioned from righteous to constipated. “Wow. I can’t believe it. Captain America loitering about like a creeper. You learn something new every day.”
Several paces away, a disturbance in the soil caught his eye. What looked to be the hard edge of a circle was pressed into the ground. He’d seen that exact size and pattern many times at the Academy, usually glowing and streaking through the sky. Suffice it to say, Steve was very familiar with the tread of Tony’s jet boots.
The two men stared at each other. Steve cleared his throat again and shifted his weight. Tony raised his eyebrows at the other man’s uncharacteristic nervousness. “Can I help you?”
The lights flickered and the elevator dinged.
“Yeah, but you still thought and meant it.” Tony muttered to himself. He stared hard at the unchanging readings to avoid looking at Steve.
Jan pursed her lips and considered him. “You know you always look good Tony, but you’d look even better in this!” She shoved her phone in his face, expectantly gleeful.
Having made his decision, Steve sent off a message on his phone before tucking it back into a pocket. He took a breath and stepped forward.
“Not prior to today, Sir.” JARVIS’ voice came through troubled.
Tony’s shoulders tensed. “You already apologized yesterday, so I’m not sure why you’re still hung up about it. And sure, everyone’s friends and we’re all happy. Can you let go of me now? Because I’m getting hives from all this mush.”
Tony wiped at his face and his fingers came away with a thin smear of blood. “But I don’t sleepwalk.”
Steve’s eyes roamed his face, unconvinced. “If you say so, Tony. Get some rest, will you? I’ll see you around.” He patted Tony’s shoulder awkwardly, then strode away.
Another day, another argument. Sometimes, it seemed like all Tony ever did was go to school and fight with Steve. That was his schedule, wake up, go to class, pick a fight with Steve, and then home again and work.
He really wasn’t sure how it became that odd. The last thing Tony remembered was trying to improve the flight efficiency of his hoverboard. That probably explained the flight stabilizers. But the espresso machine and air conditioning were still a mystery. He shrugged and scrapped the file.
Jan linked their arms together and led him towards the bar. “Nothing beats your cheese fridge, Tony, but I did curate an impressive collection, if I say so myself. I expect an in-depth review. Thoughts, impressions, praise, criticism, everything.”
A viscous liquid oozed out of the broken bark and Steve hoped it was sap. He highly doubted it was sap though, for it was a strange dirty shade of oily dark and stunk of festering rot.
He ripped his leg away from the root trying to grasp him and brought the edge of his shield down on it when it reached towards him.
Tony didn’t dare move. His breathing sounded harsh in his ears and he swallowed, trying to control himself. The stale air stuck uncomfortably to the back of his throat. The lab was eerily still and he was the only one in it, but he could feel a presence, crawling at the back of his mind, watching him.
Tony put his hands on his hips. “Well, shit.”
Steve stood in front of him in all his righteous glory.
Tony crossed his arms. “I don’t need babysitting, Rogers. What are you going to do the entire time I’m here? Glare the Timefog into submission? Why don’t you go destroy a helicopter or two instead? That’ll be a much better use of time for everyone involved.”
Properly distracted, Steve barely managed to deflect a hit with his shield. The hit skittered off the vibranium and clipped his shoulder. He gritted his teeth and leapt back a safe distance before pivoting into a throw. The shield sheared through the robot’s neck and sliced through another robot’s chest before bouncing off the force field and back into Steve’s hand.
Jan peered at him with a concerned frown. “Are you okay, Tony? You don’t look very good.”
Tony bit into a slice of Port Salut and savoured the taste. He shrugged. “I don’t know what to say. I’m just really tired lately. And yesterday night, I had this crazy dream.” He ate the rest of the slice, even though he no longer felt hungry.
The shield broke his fall, but even then the impact was not particularly hard. Steve crouched at the ready in the dark. The space he had fallen into was not large. In fact, the hole he fell through was only a few feet above his head if he stood at full height. He’d be able to pull himself up and out if he were to jump. While it was lacking in height, the space made up for it in width and depth. The darkness stretched a good many feet in all directions. He breathed in air that was stale and dank. The ground under his boots was a mix of damp earth, rock, and old roots. The space was roughly bowl-shaped, deepest at the middle with the ceiling and ground sloping towards each other at the edges.
Parts of the Timefog were denser than others, resulting in highly variable visibility. It could be relatively clear in one area, but advance several feet more and suddenly visibility would drop to zero. Patchy clouds of fog drifted, obscuring their surroundings before lazily passing by. There was no air movement. Even sound seemed to be muffled. Everything was stifled in a still, perpetual twilight.
He set down on the Tower’s landing pad and let the disassembly rig remove his armour.
Tony looked up and breathed.
Tony shuddered. “I got a glimpse when it was using me as fertilizer. It’s all a bit jumbled, but what I got was that it’s not from around here.” He shuddered again and gagged. “You’re running out of time. Set it on fire, now!”
Behind them, the inferno had calmed to a steady burning with the occasional snap and crackle of burning timber.
Tony sighed into her hair. “He’s been trying to talk to me ever since that mission into the Timefog. He keeps going on about friendship and teamwork. It’s quite confusing. Maybe he wants something from me?”
Tony gazed out the windows. His hand grew lax and fell to his side. Something whispered at the back of his mind, indistinct and shadowy.
He received no answer and suddenly a sense of unease washed over him. Tony’s footsteps slowed until he came to an uncertain stumbling halt. “…Steve?”
The tree caught fire quickly and everything cracked and heaved as roots pulled themselves out of the ground. It shrieked and something whipped by Steve so quickly he barely dodged it. He rolled to his feet and lunged away.
Tony rested his chin on his palm and raised an eyebrow. “If you want me to throw up on you during the training session, sure we can have dinner before. But if you want me to not regurgitate anything then dinner will have to be after.” He glanced at Steve and away. “So is this like a teamwork dinner, or a dinner dinner?” Tony raised his coffee cup to his mouth before he remembered that it was already empty.
Tony had to try several times to get his vocal cords to work. “What?”
The taller man’s hand twitched where it rested on Tony’s shoulder. “I’m not-” He huffed. “I hate to say it, but Loki’s right. I’ll walk you back. If you’re so sleep deprived you can’t even walk in the right direction you need someone to be with you.”
“What is it, did you see something?” Steve peered into the fog behind Tony before his eyes snapped back to his face. “You’re bleeding.” He used his free hand to wipe the blood from Tony’s face.
The figure was unmoving, and now that he was closer, he could see that there was something off about it. From a distance it had looked human, but now that he was closer, it was obvious that it was something else.
Tony clawed at his uniform and screamed into his face. “You’re hurting me! Why are you hurting me? Why are you
Data collection in itself was a simple affair. What was not simple was the red, white, and blue figure hovering in the background like an overgrown guard dog. Tony grumbled under his breath and tried his best to ignore Captain America. He managed to last half an hour before cracking. “This isn’t getting us anywhere. I’m going in. Track our progress, JARVIS.”
“You’re the second person who’s asked that today. It’s fine, I dealt with it.” Tony touched the cut self-consciously. “It’s not like I have a healing factor. This is just how normal humans heal. Slowly.”
He inched closer and closer, emboldened by the lack of response from the tree. Steve cautiously reached out a hand and tapped Tony’s cheek. “Tony.” He whispered. “Tony, wake up.”
Tony looked up from the chunk of wires he was holding. His neck cracked multiple times in quick succession. “Already?” He blinked and squinted at his phone. The lock screen lit up with the JARVIS-set reminder and two messages from Jan. The first message was a selfie of her in her latest outfit. The second message was a follow-up on how she was going to design Tony a matching set. He smiled at that and fired off a few emojis.
Pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, Tony breathed deeply. He focused on the hard edges of the gauntlet digging into his skin. It was a cool night with a slight breeze. He shivered and counted to ten. When he had enough of a grip on himself, he lowered his hands and opened his eyes.
Clearly the fatigue was getting to him.
As lecture ended, Steve made himself known. Tony and Jan were just about to leave their seats, collecting their things. Tony sighed to himself. Steve was so tense he practically stood at attention, and his face looked as if he was waiting for a court martial.
Eventually the fire exhausted itself. What was left was a blackened, burnt out husk with only the largest boughs still attached.
Steve grabbed him by the shoulders and shook. “Just listen! I am apologizing because I was being a terrible friend. Friends do not say things like that to each other. And yes, I am your friend, Tony. Stop giving me that look. I know we argue all the time and fight too much, but I’d like to think we’re friends. If that’s okay with you?” He sent Tony an imploring look.
Contrary to popular belief, Tony Stark does do his assignments and complete them on time.
He looked around again and shrugged. He faced the direction he thought they came from and started walking. It would probably be safer and smarter to stay in one place and wait for Steve to find him, but Tony was never good at sitting still. Besides, he was fairly confident he was heading in the right direction.
Something grabbed onto his ankle. Steve looked down, making to jerk his leg away from impending danger. He breathed in, sharp, and crouched down. “Tony, you’re awake. Are you okay?”
Steve tucked him under his chin. “Take a break. I’ll keep watch.”
