Cas leans closer to him to read the paragraphs between the dialogue, in a bit calmer and more bedtime story like manner, but he can’t say he doesn’t enjoy Dean’s little performance as Goldilocks, especially when every time he glances at Jack, the kid’s eyes are glued to the other man, his mouth hanging open a bit as he waits for the story to continue.
Jack wakes up too early, overly tired and cranky, but somehow full of energy at the same time. Dean tries to get him to fall asleep next to him when he runs into his room, but he quickly gives up, taking the kid in his arms and moving them to the living room. He turns on the cartoons and hopes that they’ll entertain Jack for a moment for him to die on the couch.
There are more papers to read through and sign, medical stuff and the cardigan lady’s evaluation of Jack. She is a child and family psychiatrist, like Dean guessed her to be.
Because he’ll be damned if he finishes off before he’s even gotten Cas naked. When Cas lets go of him, Dean sits up again to get Cas out of his jeans as fast as he can, pulling the man on the bed with him as soon as he’s out of his clothes.
“Fine!” Dean throws his hands in the air, “Jesus Christ, aren’t you sensitive this morning…” he mutters to himself as he leaves the room, closing the door behind himself.
“I’m afraid I can’t affect where we would find the family”, she apologizes, “but he’s young, I’m sure he’ll adapt—"
“You have to wait for quite a long time, I’m sorry, kid”, Dean admits, “but we’ll throw you a big party then, don’t worry.”
“Yes”, Cas states like his blurted-out reaction wasn’t an accident, “Good that they can, you know, become friends even if Dean’s feelings were not reciprocated.”
Benny sends him a picture from the bar, it's a dark and blurry picture of a group of people with shots in their hands, smiles wide on their faces. Dean chuckles at the picture, but as he glances quickly at Cas, he’s content with his choice. Maybe Jack being sick took its toll after all.
, it’s just been forever since Cas’s been out on a date, and his body is taking it out on him, because he’s attractive and always around. Mick sounds like a nice person based on what Anna has told Cas, he’s clearly interested if he hasn’t told Anna to shut up already, and Cas has no desire to try to find a date on his own.
Cas finds what he’s looking for apparently, because he grabs the car keys and his sunglasses from the counter.
“Thanks”, Dean hums, sipping his beer. He shoots a warning look at Jack when he sees him standing up on the top, signaling him to be more careful. Dean shakes his head when the kid clearly notices his look, but decides to ignore it completely.
“What was that for?” Dean hisses as he folds over with the pain for a second before he forces himself to stand up straight. Cas glares at him, obviously pissed off. His hair is slightly disheveled from Dean’s touch during their short but intense making out session.
“I would also like to do more of that”, Dean states when he finally wraps his head around the fact that Castiel Novak just fucking kissed him.
To his surprise, Cas actually turns the TV off. He turns to look at Dean instead, his face twisting a bit when he moves.
Meg won’t drop it easily. “Seriously, Cas. You have him around all the time, I’m surprised you haven’t banged him yet”, she smirks, “Live a little. I slept with my roommate once, so I highly recommend it.”
“What are you doing here?” the security guard asks, not lowering the light from them. Dean keeps himself flushed against Cas, giving his sheepish grin to the guard.
Cas looks up, eyes heavy with something that’s probably just alcohol, gaze travelling down Dean’s face, and it hits Dean again just how bad he wants to kiss him.
He glances next to him, and Novak looks right back at him. They are pressed close, arm to arm and the laughter slowly fades away.
“Yeah”, Dean nods, absentmindedly staring at the bookshelf instead of Cas, He remembers what Charlie said earlier. “I always talk about you, when we talk home stuff at work”, he offers as an explanation.
The kiss was short, but good enough to make the disappointed expression on Dean's face more authentic than fake, when he acts that he was caught in the middle of something.
“Yeah, well, I don’t enjoy hanging out with you twenty-four seven either, but”, Dean gives him a sarcastic smile, “here we are, trapped with each other, like it or not.”
Jack puts the toy carefully on the floor, and firmly walks across the room, “She don’t trust you”, he tells Dean while he walks past him without looking up.
Cas had been with Jack last night, and Dean had felt weird hanging around avoiding the two. He had gone to his apartment instead, had nothing to do there, so he went out and got drunk.
Cas works until Jack wakes up. He goes to fetch the kid, who patiently waits on the bed, still blinking himself awake when Cas steps into the room. Jack curls against his hoodie, wrapping the laces from the hood around his hands.
It’s not comfortable, or a nice hug in any way. It’s holding onto something that’s slipping out of their reach, they’re trying to hold onto it by holding each other. Dean’s shouting turns into hopeless sobbing, getting quiet as time passes.
“He’s a cool dude and all, and I appreciate the wing manning, but this is an adult party, if ya know what I mean”, Charlie says, comically lowering her voice at the end, mimicking drinking something, “There are babysitters, you know.”
He had gotten the honor to lure Robert – yes, the cat, not the man – from the tree into the safety of his arms, and now he’s left with cat hair on his sleeves and a runny nose.
They were going to abandon him for a night, they’re not gonna force him to eat rice or finish his cheerios or tell him two episodes of Paw Patrol is enough for a day.
“Huh?” Dean puts the dirty plate down, glancing at Cas, who is still absentmindedly wiping the kitchen isle, even if it’s already clean.
“Sounds super, I know, but Cas…” he looks at the hesitant way Cas stares at him and tries to figure out how to put it without having to talk about it.
“I do, actually”, Castiel answers, trying to act all serious and professional but still a small smile playing on the corner of his lips:
“Yeah, it slipped, I’m sorry”, he begins to explain to keep himself in the present, “I dropped the bowl on my foot, and it hurt a lot”, he wiggles the toes in question as Jack looks down, “I’m not mad, sometimes we say bad words when we are hurt.”
“Jack fell asleep okay?” Cas asks without looking up from the book he’s reading when Dean returns to the living room, “Took you a moment.”
When Cas looks up, he looks like he’s about to confess something, “I had no idea how to be a good father, because growing up, I had no frame of reference on how to be one at all.”
Sam takes a quick peek over his shoulder to check if Dean’s already watching them. He leans towards Jack to speak quietly to him.
They’ve never actually gone in, even if Jack demands it every time, because they don’t need anything from a party store in their day-to-day life. After one temper tantrum over once again being denied access there, the three of them had agreed that when, in fact, it’s his birthday, they would go there.
Dean chuckles, getting up from the wooden surface, and on instinct he holds a hand out for Cas, pulling him up when he takes it. “That’s a start. Can’t promise you days of sleep, Jack would start asking questions”, he adds sadly, earning a chuckle out of Cas.
There’s a chat open on the screen, but Dean can’t read any of it because the phone is on the other end of the counter. Not that he was trying to read any of it anyway.
Short period placements sound more expensive and complicated than someone in the family just taking a kid, so Dean sees behind this woman’s polite smile.
She grimaces at the memory and Cas relaxes a bit now that he doesn’t have to worry about throwing some poor girl out of the house. He doesn’t understand how seeing Dean naked would be that bad, he’s seen enough to tell he’s probably very attractive without clothes as well.
But either Castiel has a really precise schedule and he likes to wash his stuff at the same time every week,
“I understand”, Mick says softly and there isn’t a hint of disappointment in his tone when he smiles a little.
“Cas”, Dean tries to whisper, attempting to wake him up without waking up the kid, but the man doesn’t react at all. He shakes the ankle Cas has his foot wrapped around,
Small break to eat lunch was too much to ask, apparently. Instead, he runs outside to his car to drive to the school.
When she finally finds the one though, and it’s the last one at the end of the shelf, almost hidden, Dean thinks it’s kinda cute how she wanted to get her something she really knows her best friend wants, and didn’t give up until she got it right.
Maybe he’ll skip the pie from his plan for tonight, he thinks after they’ve spent half an hour at the toy store, searching for a specific warrior toy for Kaia that Claire’s determined to find and she won’t settle for any other toy Dean tries to offer.
“Come on, sleepy head, you can sleep inside”, Dean says and steps out to get their things. Cas follows him out of the car and towards the house.
But the end of this is inevitable, and wallowing in his hopes is just stupid, so Cas forces himself to throw his legs to the side and reach towards the floor to grab any clothes from there, knowing his movements will probably wake Dean up.
“Don’t worry, Dean”, Charlie calls without taking her focus off the unconscious patient in front of her, “Sir, can you hear me? Cas?”
He was worried the second they decided to drive to the hospital, but now that they’re here and the kid’s lying there, something ugly makes its way in Dean’s head.
“Well”, Cas starts, and Dean can tell he is doing his best not to roll his eyes at the comment, “as it turned out you happened to look handsome everywhere else too.”
It’s hard to focus on any kissing because they keep smiling like idiots but they can’t stop either, because the kiss holds in so much they’ve both tried to keep away because they thought it wouldn’t be reciprocated.
“Wouldn’t bet any actual money on that”, Dean says, and the rare moment repeats itself when Cas has to agree with him for the second time that day.
Before he even gets to, Dean’s already coming back with a washcloth. He hands it to Cas, who takes it and wipes the mess from his stomach before throwing the thing to the floor to be tomorrow’s problem.
“Wait”, Charlie cuts into their confused stares, lifting her hands up, “So, what you’re saying is, that you moved in here, and transitioned to this station, because Cas, who we’ve heard so much about that I feel like I already know the man, got a job here,
He checks the oven just to confirm that it’s completely ruined. The rest of the kitchen looks surprisingly clean, considering there was almost a fire starting.
he gets this sappy smile on his face if he even thinks about it, and this is gonna be horrible and awkward enough without that.
Together they turn their confused eyes to Kelly, who stands on the other side of the isle, eyeing them.
He’s at work, on a rare coffee break that’s an actual break and not just having a cup of coffee while working. It’s a miracle considering he really ran late that morning and was prepared to work his ass off with no breaks at all.
Because he’s avoiding it in case Cas has second thoughts. Because Cas hasn’t said anything either, and don’t get him wrong, everything is great, and Cas has said he loves him a couple of times, and Dean’s said it too, but it doesn’t prove anything, does it?
Dean points at the kid on the floor, “Week ago, this one threw his spaghetti at me right before I left, and then I spent two days wondering how he’s doing, only to get more food thrown at me when I came back.”
He expects Cas to make room for him when he sits down, but he just stays there, like he’s completely unaware that he’s almost pressed against Dean.
“Not like this, not while we’re drunk”, Dean finally finishes. “I can’t— but if you still want, later—"
Dean winks at Cas, teasing him out of entertainment. He tries to ignore the weird tight knot in his gut that appeared there when Cas was smiling down at his phone. Whatever.
Even if the design of the cake was kind of all over the place, the cake itself was very delicious. The birthday party goes on in the backyard, Jack shows Owen his castle while the adults enjoy the warm weather outside, eating cake and chatting with each other.
Cas crosses the room, dropping his backpack on the way, and sits down on the bed, holding from the edge with his hands on his sides, looking over his shoulder, like he’s examining the size of the bed.
“Relax”, Meg says flatly, rolling her eyes when Cas doesn’t join her fun, “There’s a huge difference between our cases.”
“He’s sleeping at the moment, so we have to be quiet”, he says as he opens the door more to let the man in.
Cas steps back outside with a knife for the cake he’d apparently stepped inside to get, frowning at everyone staring at him.
Dean allows himself to act on it, nothing big, but just in the little things. He knows it’s wrong, but he can’t help himself, he just wants to live in this stupid fantasy for a while.
Charlie’s eyes light up at the mention of coffee, “I take back everything I said, we’re friends already”, she claims and follows Cas to the kitchen.
Fuck. It was bad enough he was a fucking mess when they found Cas, but he was wishing Cas wouldn’t notice all that with the blunt force trauma to the head and all, saving him from the embarrassment of that.
“I don’t like this any more than you do”, Cas says like he would’ve seen what he’s thinking, “This is not a situation we could’ve seen coming.”
They’re so into their project that they don’t hear Dean coming home until the man’s standing in the kitchen, frowning at all the stuff they’ve got splayed to the table. “What’s all this?”
Because they have to buy so much more stuff than usual, instead of just going to the store alone like he usually does, Dean drags Cas and Jack with him, to make a fun trip out of it.
Cas cuts him off by reaching over to pull him close by grabbing his arm, crushing his lips against his. Dean instantly wraps his arms around Cas, and when the man brings his hand to the back of his neck to keep him close, the house around them feels more like home again.
“We haven’t established shit, he’s jumping to conclusions”, Dean corrects, nodding towards Cas before gesturing at himself, “I am obviously the fun dad, just look at me.”
“Cupcakes? Definitely”, Dean says, pushing himself off the door frame. He crosses the room and sits down on the place Jack points for him.
It’s probably awkward, the way they just stare at each other in the silence, but Dean can’t care about that. He’s still a bit shaken from the scene before.
Charlie’s finished with her coffee when he comes back fully dressed and ready to go, so she gets up, bringing her coffee mug to the sink while he waits at the door.
When they’re cleaning Jack’s room, Cas finds some library books they’ve forgotten to return last week during their trip there, so after dinner, Cas and Jack decide to head there to return them before they expire.
He holds a hand out and the boy takes a firm hold of his index finger, letting Dean guide him towards the sandbox, where the two older kids are already playing.
Dean forces himself to focus on his task in situations like this, which is the fire. It’s clear that something was burning in the oven, Benny and Mick are already on it, quickly taking care of that. The others are working around him, but he can’t snap himself into action.
The flash of Sam’s camera snaps them back to reality, and they turn their eyes forward. Sam takes a few more pictures before finally setting them free from the awkward torture.
Cas groans and gives in, turning on his back. “Fine”, he grunts and places a firm hand on Dean’s chest, pushing him away. It catches Dean off guard and makes him fall off the bed with a loud thump, but after a second of confusion, Dean’s laughing, pushing himself up from the floor.
Dean’s only been in the room a few times before Jack got sick, but somehow his own bed in the guest room doesn’t feel as much home as falling asleep next to Jack right now would.
“Sorry”, Cas whispers, but his face breaks into a small but genuine smile, and suddenly Dean realizes he’s smiling back just as genuine. Jack tugs at the collar of Dean’s shirt, but he barely notices it, because in this second, it almost feels like they're a family again.
Cas’s hand finds its way on the top of Dean’s, and there’s a smile on his tone when he answers, “Yes, we do.”
Jack’s expression eases at that as he carefully slides off his chair, and Dean’s breathing gets a little easier too.
“Because we have to, Dean”, Cas raises his voice so much that Dean’s almost caught off guard. “We just have to.”
“No!” comes an angry answer from somewhere around the living room. The wounds of Rebecca almost ending up in the washing machine seem to be still fresh.
He’s basically glued to Cas’s arms when the first guests come, but he’s not crying like he did with the plumber, so that’s a plus.
Jack looks so thoughtful for a moment that Dean fears he’s coming up with something difficult he doesn’t know how to answer. With his very four-year-old way of viewing the world, Jack leans against the armchair behind him and asks:
Eventually, when they get up to finish painting the wall, they don’t have a problem staying around the same bucket of paint.
Cas gives a meaningful look to Dean when he says that, holding his gaze long enough to get the message through, before quickly giving a polite nod at Sam.
“Cas”, he whispers, when he starts feeling too creepy about the staring, “Hey, Cas”, he repeats a bit louder when the man doesn’t react. He gently shakes Cas from the blanket covered shoulder,
“Jack fell asleep just now?” Cas frowns as he shrugs his jacket off, eyeing his watch and ignoring Dean’s comment.
Dean sighs as he realizes he’s chosen the wrong friends apparently, “You’re nerds, both of you”, he mocks but doesn’t get an answer, “Whatever”, he mutters to himself, playing offended and makes a point of leaving the two in the kitchen to get dressed.
“Actually”, Charlie starts, and pulls another envelope out of her bag, “Could you give this to him?”
He figured she’s good company and one more familiar face for Jack, and since she kind of knew the situation they had going on it was easy to invite her. Jo doesn’t know all of it, but the reason why he invited her was based purely on being a good wingman.
She turns to Dean, and there’s nothing he can do, when she steps closer, lifting the knife ready. The sharp blade cuts through all his layers of clothing and through his skin easily. He hears Cas’s loud cry of his name when the hot, stabbing pain shoots through him as blood starts pumping out of his body. His limbs get heavier, his head is spinning, the warm blood on his stomach feels sticky and wet.
Cas almost opens his mouth to ask Jack to tell the same funny story he’d told him the day before but swallows it down before it slips past his lips, silently listening as Jack starts telling something.
Jack proceeds to explain the reason for his call which is the fact that his birthday is in nine days, and it’s on the calendar, and there’s a star on the calendar, because it’s his birthday, and it’s in nine days, and Cas showed him how many days is nine days and Dean doesn’t really get a word in there for a while.
Dean simply likes to pretend this shit between him and Cas doesn’t affect Jack at all, but right now it’s pretty impossible to do so. He glances at Cas who doesn’t meet his eyes but stares down at the hand Jack’s holding, probably feeling as shitty as Dean does.
, he had also been drunk enough to need help walking, so that could easily be something he’d regret now when he’s sober.
Dean wraps his arms around Cas, hooking his head on his shoulder, and right there, with Cas in his arms and their kid sleeping peacefully in his bed, he has everything and more.
The questions keep coming. They’re mostly about Jack and about if they live nearby, if he’s the only child, things like that, and he’s glad, keeping the answers polite but general enough. Being called a dad is awful enough, he’s happy no one asks about the mom.
“We can just have a barbecue now”, Cas compromises, “And have a birthday party for you in January, if you’re so eager to have one.”
“No— listen, I don’t want the Peppa Pig cake— I know you have that on your website, but you do custom cakes as well, right?” he asks, and Cas can hear the frustration in his tone, “Cool, so it’s
Dean slips under the covers while Cas struggles with the jeans that eventually come off, and he gets under his blanket as well.
Dean can feel his dick twitching against the fabric of his boxers when Cas tells him to lift his hips. He obeys, and the man on the floor pulls both his jeans and boxers down in one go. He gasps quietly when he feels a hand grabbing him, stroking him slowly, and he braces himself on his elbow just in time to see Cas tear the condom open with his teeth, spitting the piece of plastic to the floor.
Dean knows he sometimes mocks Kelly for leaving the wild party years behind to become a mom, but the sight of people around the backyard, mingling with each other and enjoying the sun even if it’s only one of the first warmer days in early May, makes him genuinely happy for his friend.
they are dating, but now Dean feels like they are actually dating. Well, fake dating, as Dean tries to remind himself all the time, but it’s too easy to live in the fantasy.
Dean dips his brush on the paint and walks to the other end of the wall. He leaves a trail of white drops of paint on the grass but fortunately Novak keeps his mouth shut about it.
“No, Dean, please”, Cas says, tone desperate when he realizes Dean’s plan to escape, “Whatever it is, Dean, please tell me.”
The medicine makes Jack cry a lot less, and he says he feels good when they ask him, even if he refuses to do anything else but be snuggled up with either of them on the couch, watching cartoons on the TV.
When Jack is on his nap, Dean leaves Cas alone at home and heads to the store, and an hour later Cas watches from the kitchen window as the man empties the car, making endless rounds to the backyard to get all the stuff there. He gets back to his computer when Dean’s done and starts working in the backyard.
“Thanks for the tip”, he states, annoyed at the playful grin Meg has on her face, “but I’ll pass on the third wheeling with you guys.”
Dean finds himself glancing more at Cas than the TV or the phone in his hand, just because it’s weird to have the man around again.
tiny”, Dean comments, agreeing with Jack’s assessment. “I should probably head back to work, and to see if those assholes left me any donuts”, Dean states darkly, sipping his coffee, “They probably didn’t.”
“Yes”, Cas glances up from the screen, at the horrified look on Dean’s face, “It’s very common with children his age, a very tiring but important step in his development. I read an article about it earlier.”
He finds having these little, humorous arguments with Dean very entertaining. It has felt very normal to bicker about things from the start, maybe because it’s always been a part of their way of communicating with each other. Though he’s glad that these days, their arguments are a way of showing affection rather than actually fighting.
Dean’s not avoiding her, when he sees her coming back from the kitchen and he makes a beeline to the balcony before she sees him.
Dean starts folding the cardboard boxes in the trash, and Cas gets some movement in him, grabbing a washcloth to clean the surfaces. For a moment, the only sounds in the kitchen are coming from their chores, water running when Dean starts filling the sink up with water.
Cas rolls his eyes but chuckles and pushes himself up from the chair to head to the shower, and the situation is settled.
When she’s done pouring everyone their cups, Donna sits down with a pout on her lips, seeming a lot crankier than she usually does.
Cas pinches him painfully from the side that’s not visible to the guard, and Dean tries not to jump.
His tiny face is pale except for the tip of his nose which is bright red against the paleness of his cheeks.
“Cas”, she clarifies, picking up a tiny shovel, digging a hole to the sand, “Considering how many times we’ve given shit for our spouses in this playground group therapy, you rarely mention her.”
With the deepest frown on his face, he frustratedly throws the toy at Cas who happens to stand closest to the doorway, the plastic toy figure hitting him to his legs before it drops to the floor. Cas, with his everlasting patience, picks the toy up and quickly figures out what’s wrong and takes the half-removed helmet from the toy dog, handing both the helmet and the figure back to Jack, who runs away.
Eventually Dean comes to the kitchen with the win of a sleeping child, but the victory doesn’t exactly shine from him.
he tells Dean, who tries to look casual as he browses through the signs over different entrances around the lobby.
“Doesn’t matter”, Cas mumbles, and as if to knowingly prove his point, Dean, on the other end of the apartment, is approaching a giggling group of women with his trademark flirty smile and with his arms wide open.
“Clearly”, Cas laughs, and Dean allows himself to chuckle as well, the joy of the situation making him drop the ongoing war with Cas for a second.
“If we go to bed right now…” Dean starts, like he’s about to suggest something sexy, “We could actually get like, eight hours of sleep.”
He’s not sure if it’s the alcohol, or the fact that it’s been a while since the last time he’s been in a situation like this, or just Cas’s skills in giving head, but it drives him crazy from the get-go.
Benny glances somewhere on the other side of the yard like he’s checking something, before grinning at Dean, “Yeah, sorry.”
Cas tells him he has a cab waiting outside, Meg makes another weird joke about riding, and they’re heading out.
“It was nice to meet you, Dean”, she smiles before she turns around to go and join her friends who are already heading out the door.
Cas takes the ice cream cups and disappears to the kitchen, and Dean gently scoops the kid in his arms and makes his way down the hallway.
based on all that is that once Jack is ready to leave the hospital, they’ll pick him up and move in with him to Kelly’s house. On her will, Kelly has left everything to Jack of course, and once everything is settled on paper, the social services stated it would be best for Jack to stay in a familiar environment after the traumatic experience he’s gone through.
“Uh, could you give us a minute?” Dean bargains, offering another smile. Cas stares at him with a frown when Dean pointedly glances down. “We were about to…” he gives the guard a knowing look. “You know?”
They drive back to the shop, where a customer is already waiting. Dean apologizes and gives him a small discount, before sitting Claire down somewhere and rushing to work.
“Remember how we practiced?” Dean asks and nods subtly towards Cas. Jack hands him the present and wishes him happy birthday, like he clearly has practiced.
“Yeah, watch me just walk up there with all these people looking at me without looking suspicious”, he hisses, “You’re an idiot.”
“Were you referring to the last time we had the house to ourselves?” Cas asks in a low voice, speaking while he drops kisses to Dean’s right ear.
There’s more silence on Cas’s end, enough of it to almost get Dean properly nervous. Then with a very fond, content tone the man on the other end finally answers.
“Checked with Sam”, Dean suddenly remembers when his eyes found the calendar on the wall, “He’s free next Friday. Which means I’m gonna have to tell him or it’s weird if I ask him to take Jack for a sleepover.” He pulls Cas back closer by the sleeve of his jacket, “Which means we gotta tell Jack before that.”
“Leave me alone, Novak”, Dean nods towards the other end of the wall, “Go and paint that end of this stupid wall so I can suffer my punishment in peace.”
He runs faster, even if his whole body is trying to disagree. His shirt is clutching to his chest with sweat, and he tries to put all his focus on that instead of the fact that he can’t stop thinking about
exceeds every expectation he could’ve ever had, because as Cas slips his tongue past his lips, drunk fingers working the buttons open from Dean’s shirt, not only is he fucking good at that, it also feels like he really wants to.
Jack walks up to the two, a hand full of something he’s carefully carrying. He reveals a tiny handful of small rocks, looking up at Dean, “Can I take these with me so I can see if these are smaller than the small rocks we found at the sand box?”
“Sorry, I’m late”, Dean says, out of breath, “Cas got stuck at work, but he’ll pick him up asap, I promise.”
“And I’m gonna make sure you keep your promise”, Dean says, firm and serious, pulling Cas up from where he’s on his way down his neck, pulling his shirt up. He crashes his lips against Cas’s, holding him close as they make out on the couch like a bunch of teenagers, groping each other.
Dean closes his eyes again and tries to keep still to not wake up the kid before he’s decided if he’s ready to wake up himself. As he takes in a few, long breaths, he realizes that in addition to the weight on top of him, his right hand is trapped under something.
“Only awesome things, I assume”, Dean shoots a quick glance at Jo, “I’ve heard quite a few things about you too. Didn’t know you were joining us, though.”
He’s trying his best to act normal around Cas, but it’s starting to get frustrating how hard it is. Every time he’s in the same space with Cas, they slip into something that they used to be, and realizing that sucks ass more each time it happens.
, as Dean learns the second time they happened to be there at the same time) is there almost always at the same time makes it much more enjoyable.
“I need to call Dean”, he explains as he holds the phone towards Cas, “I need to tell him my birthday is in
They have taken the fort game to another level, Cas notices as he spots the kitchen chairs there, two blankets placed on top of them to make a roof and walls, all held in place by stacks of books from the now empty bookshelf.
this was my first attempt at a chapter fic and i had so much fun writing this, and i really hope you've enjoyed reading! :) if you liked this and want to see what i'm up to in the future, i suggest you follow me on
That gets an annoyed sound out of the man, and he turns his back to Dean, wrapping the blanket tighter around him,
Jack looks at Dean with a thoughtful frown on his face, but Dean just forces a smile on his lips as he quietly nods towards Jack’s Cheerios to get him to focus on eating again.
The game keeps them hooked for a long time, even if Jack has no idea how to play it and keeps making his own rules each round. They tried explaining the idea of the game but gave up quickly as Jack seemed to enjoy making the rules more than actually playing the game.
“Just a few beers too much with an early morning shift”, he grumbles, rubbing his temples and forcing out a chuckle, “I’m getting old.”
Cas steps to the hallway from the kitchen as well, watching them as Dean tickles the boy in his arms.
“Okay, so, anyway, see the brunette on the couch, next to Jo?” she asks him, without turning to look at the living room herself.
The kid seems actually excited to get to show all those toys to Sam, and Dean’s not sure if he’s relieved or disappointed.
He turns his gaze away from Dean when the man eyes him curiously. Dean’s too tired and in pain to start an argument over it. “She dead?”
Cas wouldn’t be there if he didn’t have bad news to tell, and his fidgeting, unsure look fits the image perfectly.
They play some cards after that, and the long day collects its first casualties when, after being already half asleep on the chair for almost an hour, Bobby pushes himself up and announces he’s going to bed. Ellen follows shortly after but doesn’t leave before telling the kids to keep it quiet or she would come back there and put an end to their party once and for all.
Jack concentrates on making his fingers match with Cas’s, showing it to him to check if he got it right, smiling proudly when Cas nods.
Cas props himself up on his elbow, looking at Jack, “I already told you that you can sleep here”, he says, smiling.
They’re still probably dressing him up too warm just to make sure he doesn’t catch a cold outside, but there are days when, while they’re annoyed at each other, they don’t have the need to rip each other’s faces off, so that’s got to be positive progress.
Dean smirks mischievously and slides one juice box through the surface to Cas, who catches it before it drops to the floor.
“But is it?” Dean argues, frustration taking over his embarrassment for a second, “I mean, I’ve never done this before, all my previous relationships have been based on nudity and alcohol and haven’t required any talking, but this isn’t like that, right?” he rambles, “So how do I know?”
"After further research, the Empty is a dimension outside our world, like Purgatory. It is not possible to go back and forth between the two worlds either you want to enter or leave it."
-“Until we find a plan against the Shadow, we should not do it again...”, Castiel says with a sad voice.
Castiel takes his shoes off, the same goes for his trench coat, ready to go upstairs and reach his bedroom when he is interrupted by his mother.
He spent Wednesday with his brother, trying to figure out which piece is better, and easier to do. If he gets to motivate his students, they can do something well; but the opposite is also correct if they don't want to do it and then... Dean is not sure he wants to see it.
This is not the kiss he wished he would share with Cas. It’s chaste and it’s quick, while he wished he could have a lot of wet kisses with him. The kind that takes you to the bedroom, the kind that is just the announcement of a passionate night.
Castiel doesn’t seem ready for this plan, but that's all they have for the moment. Dean gets up and goes to the shower while Cas recovers his computer. It’s still early, - 5:52 AM according to his phone –, and Rowena will certainly not delay contacting them to kill Lucifer once for all.
-"You can't eat or sleep, but - and correct me if I'm wrong - it seems to me that you can still do some small human things.
- “Oh, and Castiel, please tell us when Meg is coming”, she says before going back to what she was doing.
Dean’s mouth is completely dry, and he wishes he could have something to drink, but Castiel is not holding anything, and there is no bottle of water on the nightstand. Unconsciously, Dean raises one of his hand to catch a bottle. His movements are very slow as if he hadn’t moved for a long time.
- is a teacher. Castiel is perfectly aware that such gossips could cost him his whole career. Especially in such a little town.
- “How could I not remember her. Okay, so what’s the point?”, he answers, suspicious of what could come next.
Dean nods. The crisis has passed. His breath is still a little erratic, but much less than earlier. If he had thought a little more, he could have understood that it could only be Castiel. And even if Michael were to invade the bunker, Castiel would have felt him approaching and intervened.
So when he opens the door and his eyes fall on his mother, he is shocked to be only welcomed by her with a polite smile. Instead, she walks toward her husband to ask him about his day. The house is normal. In the entrance – which is more a corridor than anything else – he can see the living door through the opened door on his right. In front of him is another door that leads to his father’s office. They are many photographs on the wall, most of them being about Naomi’s and Chuck’s wedding, and Michael's and Lucifer's many wins.
But he can’t help it. So just for a few minutes, he resumes his dream, fully conscious of what he is doing. Masturbating while thinking about his teacher is a first as he never dared to do it before. But he should have probably tried that before because it feels so good it almost hurt.
Dean turns quickly and too quickly given the pain he feels in his neck by moving his head towards Cas.
- “Strange”, the Shadow says as it walks closer to Dean, “you don’t seem to know about it. Then let me tell you. Nick prayed to Lucifer because he was so desperate without him, which bring him back.
- "No, that's fine, and then you're not going to sit all night," Dean says before adding, "Anyway, it's unlikely I'll confuse you with Michael if you're with me, Michael would never come to my bed. "
Castiel, who has only done a few steps then, turns slowly to take the time to choose his words. He has to choose what to say in case Dean does not remember everything that had happened. He opened his mouth, closed it, and finally said :
- “As we are going to be together for the rest of the year, I prepared you a sheet of paper which you will happily complete”, he says while giving them out. “Name, date of birth, favorite book and author, info about you, etc. It is for me to know you better.”
- “Actually no”, he whispers to himself before going back to Castiel. “Do you have a lesson right now?”
When he raises his head, he makes eye contact with his mother immediately. She looks younger, probably thanks to her happy relationship with Bobby. As Dean hasn't heard the door of the bunker making its usual sound, he guesses she is coming from the garage. Bobby must have come with her and is now looking for Sam and Jack and Castiel while Mary wants to talk with him.
While reading books, he hasn't found any information in order to summon it, nothing about its figure, nothing about its powers, and nothing about the Empty. Nothing at all, and it's hopeless.
-Actually, it's in two phases: being sent on earth is quite easy if you annoy the Shadow enough. So, the correct question is: what or who awaken him?"
- “Fine everyone. See you tomorrow. I’ll explain the plan for the year, the books to read and the oral presentation I want you to do for the rest of the class.”
- “What are you doing, Clarence?”, she finally asks and for a second, Castiel doesn’t even know what to answer.
Everyone in the room has stopped working or doing anything to watch the witch storm furiously across the room. She looks absolutely furious and Dean is already having fun imagining his brother being yelled at, but Rowena is coming closer and closer to him. In fact, he realizes he is her target.
For years, he had fantasized about these lips but always kept in mind he could never really kiss them and make Cas his. But now that he had almost tasted them, now that they were reachable, he wanted to take the time to devour them.
-I already read it while you slept, to pass the time. There is nothing more in this book than what we already know."
As one man, Dean can see all the hunters turn to Sam who nods to tell them to leave. Once the room is empty, Rowena turns her eyes to Dean.
So here they are: Dean sleeping in his bed, Castiel watching for him in the same room, and Sam and Jack doing some research on the library.
Well, Lisa was a first too… No! Stop! Don’t think about it, Winchester. Lisa’s gone, end of the story.
-With the shower?", he says in his most seductive voice without really paying attention, but when he realizes it, he just has the time to see Castiel blush a little and turn his head to look at the ceiling instead of him.
He looks at Rowena to be sure she gives him her approval. If she’s as terrified as before to face Lucifer – as Dean is with the idea to face Michael –, he wouldn’t insist to take her with him and Cas.
They remain silent for a while. He can't even confront a mere archangel, what could he do against an entity older than God? There were things in the universe that could not be changed, even for the Winchester brothers. As long as he is an angel, Castiel would be doomed to go there. And Dean could not do anything about it.
So it’s now. After spending the week sleeping, after doing horrible things, after vomiting, after being so weak… It’s now, and they are just sitting in the bathroom.
Imagining the man leaning on him, stroking their cocks together. Feeling the weight of his body on him. Licking his lips and tongue, and kissing him until they are breathless. The pressure on his cock, the tension in his belly, all of this is perfect. Restraining his moans the best he can, he empties himself in his hand, not bothering to clean it up right after.
The next part is harder, but Dean knows he can go through it. It’s not his first time as a teacher. He has a few years – five to be precise – of experience and he is not a child anymore. It's not as if his father was going to come in by smashing the classroom door, as he had been able to do with his bedroom when he was little. He takes a small breath, a one he is sure no one will notice.
-Well, I thought I know how to do it, but if you think I'm doing it badly, I guess that means I do not know."
- “Lucky girl, I guess”, Charlie says behind him, as she walks through the room to fall on a chair. She is wearing one of Dean's shirt, used as a pajamas.
, he thinks but it doesn’t prevent Dean from smiling to Crowley. “Come in, I have an appointment in ten minutes”, he says, already going back to his office, expecting Dean to follow.
Castiel could jump on it, tell her yes as a joke, and find something else but it’s already too late and Meg is looking weird at him.
Dean is certainly very tired, and if someone were to fall on him at that moment, that person would surely tell him to go to sleep, but as long as he can still understand what he is reading, he continues to study Castiel's case.
Fatigue is regaining Dean. Even if he is hungry - and still thirsty -, he would quickly go through the kitchen to take stocks. For now, he is too much tired. And it’s nice to be able to talk to Cas while being so close.
- “First, you take aspirin, second, shower, third, get dressed and then you can eat something before being the brilliant professor every student wish they had once in their lives”, Charlie enumerates, raising a finger at each new step. “Go shower while your coffee is still hot, I’ll make breakfast.
That little sound makes Cas laugh. And even if he doesn’t laugh long, Dean takes the time to admire him. Because – oh God – is he wonderful! He stares at him, at his lips. He could kiss him right now but at what cost? But looking up, he meets Cas' eyes. ‘When he is most happy?’ doesn’t mean kissing, right? They could do so much more than just kissing, and this could make Cas truly happy. Much happier with more than just kisses.
Thirty minutes later, he is in his father's car. They are not speaking, and the silence is almost suffocating. Each day after school, his father comes to take him from school, so he's making sure at the same time his son is working. There is no time to lose, he guesses.
- “You, and that attitude of yours. Come on, don’t pretend like you’re not happy about it. It’s not like you’ve been secretly staring at him since you moved in Lawrence. So what did he do?”
-It doesn’t matter anymore. I made a deal with the shadow of the empty to save Jack. It… It has invaded Heaven to look for Jack as he’s half angel.
Once Cas has assimilated what Dean has just told him, they both start brushing their teeth. It's a rather odd feeling to be proud of teaching an angel how to make this gesture of everyday life, but Cas seems so happy to make a gesture as simple as Dean can't help but feel it.
- “Hey, buddy, your coffee will get cold. Besides, I’m not sure you want to be late for the first day of school –“, she starts saying before being interrupted by Dean opening the door. “I know some girls and boys will be crushing about the beautiful professor Winchester”, she says with a smirk.
Dean looks at his watch, already too late to stay in the school if he doesn’t want to be locked in it. So he puts all his things in his bag and walks towards with the promise to read the note when he is in peace at home.
But it’s not Lucifer… This one looks…Scarier? Crazier, maybe? If it’s not Lucifer who did this, maybe the woman went crazy and killed her family…?
-I know, but I think it's between us right now", Dean confesses. "Look, Rowena will take care of our backs. Jack didn't bring him back, he said it, and no one other than him has power over the Empty, so question: what brought him back on earth from eternal sleep?
- "I'm coming for the Archangel Lucifer. He was not supposed to wake up and this time, and I certainly can’t leave that you and your hunters, can I? But you -
He must look stupid, blushing like that. Yet, the professor chuckles and leans towards him. Why does he feel so hot? The teacher’s hand – Dean’s hand – slips up under Castiel’s shirt, massaging first the skin on his hip and then getting higher and higher. It feels like being high on drugs. As if his head is fuzzy but he does nothing to stop Dean. He wants to say his name out loud. It would feel
Dean loves these little habits they have taken so quickly, and so, without a word, they go to bed. Dean switches the tv off while Cas does the same for the light.
Dean looks up to meet Castiel's. Caught in flagrante delicto. He quickly looks away and the first thing his eyes land is the door. Castiel must have opened it during the night because the light from the corridor flooded his room.
She sits next to Dean. There are so much love and happiness in her eyes when she looks at him. She grabs his hand which is not resting on the book he's reading.
- By tomorrow, I want a paper of every scenes from every pieces of theater, every student and their role – actor or not.
If he is honest with Cas, Dean would tell him he could walk alone now, thanks to Cas' grace. Physically and mentally, he feels good.
He makes sure not to make a sound as he pushes the door. There is a woman who is sitting on his bed, the same woman from this morning.
When Dean comes out of the home, Rowena is already outside, talking with Castiel. They both look at him as he walks closer, and he tries his best not to look guilty.
Two weeks have passed when the door of the Bunker make his usual grinding. Dean can feel Jack’s look rest on him while he, Sam and Cas all look at the door. Dean is about to stand up and catch the gun under the table of the war room, but Cas hold him back by putting his hand on his shoulder. They barely exchange a glance before Dean’s eyes looks back at the door. The red-head woman has already crossed halfway down the stairs when Sam stands up to greet her.
In front of him, in the shadows of the now abandoned house, stands the mother whom they had earlier suspected of being Lucifer's new vessel. The whole family of this poor woman had been massacred, and now remains only her, possessed by the shadow of the Empty. She is covered in blood, her skull smashed open.
But he can’t. So Dean stands up, crawls in his bed and says goodnight to Cas. He doesn't know if Cas will stay for the night - he doesn't think so -, but he hopes. The room is again plunged into darkness. Without realizing it, he begins to sink into sleep, half aware that Cas is still sitting against the bed next to him. And knowing that someone stays close to him to protect him from Michael when he is unconscious, it allows him to sleep more deeply. So just before sleep, he manages to outline a 'thank you' for Castiel, who responds with a push on his hand.
-I want it”, Cas whispers so weakly that Dean thinks he has not heard well. “I miss being human. Sleeping, eating, dreaming...
Several questions turn in his head, and he must choose the one that will keep Cas with him, a question with a long answer, a question that can not be postponed.
Okay. Castiel is about to leave again. Why is he still leaving? Couldn’t he just stay !? So he has been there for a week, watching over him – which was strange, but also very hopeful – but now that Dean was awake, he was just leaving? Oh no, not that way, he would eat and drink later.
-"Nick fled months ago. He can be wherever he wants", Sam says without being really convinced. "I mean seeing him doesn't mean it's Lucifer."
- Don’t say that, it makes me want to spend more nights with you, you know”, he jokes but still obeys Charlie.
-I’m not sure it would work: I pissed off the Empty, and it will not leave me that easily, Dean. It doesn't matter how much I want it: the shadow will never break the deal."
-"It's okay, Sammy. And then I have a good feeling", he says and starts walking to his room, pretty confident that Cas is following him.
Dean doesn't know who initiates the kiss, but suddenly his lips are found on those of Cas. But this time is different from the last one. Two days ago, Cas had just put his lips on Dean's, but now Dean is answering. It's fiery, almost brutal. Soon, Dean's tongue found the entrance to Cas' mouth. Dean's hands find Cas' hair and he clings to it desperately. He totally lost himself in this kiss, letting Castiel to press him against him, one of his hands resting on his hip, the other in the hollow of his loins. He deepens the kiss. It's so good to kiss him. His hands, his scent, his tongue. They end up moving away to breathe. They are both breathless.
Castiel turns his head towards Dean while smiling. Still half asleep, Dean gets closer to him to lie down with Cas, but he leaves his position to lie down too. Dean can’t help but smile and rest his head against Cas's shoulder. The position is not very comfortable but it's so good to be near Cas.
The alarm clock is still ringing and it almost takes all dean’s willingness to reach his arm out of the bed and turn it off. He vaguely hears something coming from the right side of the bed, and he can tell something – someone – is moving. Fuck. He doesn’t even remember getting led yesterday… if only he could guess the name right just not to be the douchebag. Instead of pushing his luck, he, as silently as possible, escapes from the bed.
-“I prefer to be here”, she finally says when she realizes that Dean is waiting for an answer, which surprises her. “Just to be sure you don’t fail again.
Dean looks completely lost. He remembers what has happened to him. He remembers of Castiel and of Sam while he was a prisoner of Michael. But all of a sudden, Dean has flashbacks of an event that happened several years ago. When he had seen Raphael’s vessel. Okay, maybe after the first possession, Dean did collapse on the floor; and maybe yes, he fainted for a moment on the concrete. So Dean deduced that he was at the second level: coma. Not for a long time, of course, but if he believed what Castiel had just said to him, then he had been for days in a constant vegetative state, he just slept for a week. Level three would look like Raphael's vessel. And the game would be over for him.
He hasn’t noticed the man is this close to him. Dean’s other hand reaches for the bulge in his pants, slowly stroking him through the pair of jeans. Castiel is sure the pleasure could be a lot more if he could lose the pants or anything else. Anything to have Dean touching him.
It is at the end of the living room, in the corridor that leads to the kitchen that he hears a noise. The kind of noise he's not supposed to hear if he's alone. He takes out his weapon. They may be just curious people who have nothing to do there.
The day starts badly. First, because he burnt his lips with his usual morning coffee. Second, because there is no more hot water to talk a shower. And third, because he has an appointment with the principal, Mr. Crowley, so they can go on with the piece of theater project.
Dean stops thinking. He shakes his head to focus on the noise and firmly holds his weapon in his hands. Most of the furniture is donated, all are broken or reduced to small pieces.
- “He asked me if I want to be his assistant for the piece of theater. And he’ll talk about it on Thursday so don’t ask me.
Dean opened his eyes, not realizing he had closed them, and only saw Castiel's body walk out of the bathroom door.
Dean stops talking for a drink of his third beer of the day. Sam and Cas hid all the alcohol in the bunker - even the hiding places he thought he was the only one to know - and he finds himself hydrated with beer. He has to choose his words with Ketch. He does not need to know all the details of the deal, just the necessary.
He can feel tears coming so he shakes his head. There is no way he cries here, in the corridor of his school. He takes some of his books and rushes into the library. The place is empty, as usual. The librarian, Mrs. Hanscum, is there, everyone. She greets him - still as usual - and he takes place at his - usual - place, ready for an hour of work. Professor Garth, as he likes to be called by his first name, has given his students a lot of math homework but it doesn't bother Castiel. He is pretty good at math. He can't tell much in literature...
Right now, Dean just wants to ask him if Crowley actually hates him. Or what he has done to Crowley.
Castiel comes back to him, still looking at himself. Without a word, he grabs Dean's hips to help him get off the floor.
Sure, Michael did terrible things while he possessed him, but everything he has done consisted of killing monsters - basically a hunter's job - and then improving them with his grace and blood. Michael had just had fun owning his body. It wasn't like Gadreel who killed Kevin while possessing Sam. It wasn't like Amara who had tortured Lucifer while he possessed Cas.
- "He is busy right now, come sit down next to me", she says while going back to her desk. Her smile disappear and she suddenly seems to be very serious when she adds: "Boy, you put your foot on my coffee table -
A single note, a piece of torn paper between two sheets. And written on it, only seven words. Seven tiny words that may change a whole life. It probably belonged to either the paper before – a certain Alastair – or the next one – Kevin Tran, a student Dean had in his class last year. But the writing doesn’t match either of them.
- “So, what is your problem?”, Crowley asks, elbows on his desk and his chin on his joined hands. He seems to bored already and Dean hasn’t said a word yet. But well, if the man wants to play, they can be both at this game and Dean sure knows how to be a pain in the ass. But not too much so Crowley agrees to the project.
It has been very complicated to pull Michael out of Dean’s body, but not as much as Castiel would have thought. The first time Dean has been his vessel – the only time he said yes to Michael –, finding Dean has required the help of a lot of people. This time, Michael hadn’t even tried to fly away. He let himself be handcuff and followed them to the bunker.
A few lessons about poetry, just one about theater. Maybe this year, if Dean had a very concrete project about leading a piece of theater with a few students, it would be great. Crowley, the principals, had never said no, but he had never said yes neither. Just something along “don’t make me waste my time”. Now, maybe if Dean had a good plan, Crowley would agree… how naïve, dean thought. A few teachers were already there and he stopped each time to say a little hello – he hopes no one can tell about his state and his hangover. What a dumbass – and asks about their vacations. Beach, kids, and husband: the perfect trio for some teachers. It was funny to him that some of them were already his teachers when he was a student. It was not so long ago, but Sammy and he have stayed for what? Two years – three maybe – in town before leaving with their father. So here he is standing, in one of his old high school where the paint on the walls is peeling, where one in five tables is almost breaking, where the canteen is still so filthy.
The woman is still in the hall, staring at Dean and he is about to enter the bathroom to clean his mouth but before, he asks:
Dean almost chocks while hearing this. « All your physical and humans need ». Great. Whatever that means is nothing Dean would enjoy to know.
During his sleep, Dean has moved away from Castiel, but now that he is awake, he misses the distance between him and the angel. To change his mind and look good in front of Cas, he reaches for the night table to grab his phone.
Case nods with a slight smile on the lips, which allows Dean to see that Cas has some toothpaste on the corner of his mouth. Unconsciously, Dean approaches his hand and begins to wipe. Cas' skin is soft. When he looks up, he finds those of Cas. Dean clears his throat and quickly passes his towel over Castiel's mouth.
It was obvious that Rowena would never spend the night in a shabby motel. After a six-hour drive in almost absolute silence, Rowena finally had a fit, got out of the car as soon as Dean parked, and dropped a "no way" while looking at the shabby hotel Dean has just picked. She let out a "See you tomorrow", took her bags and headed for another hotel. What Dean and Castiel - who had remained motionless in the Impala - looked at each other in silence, not knowing what to say.
-Well, I offered him something he could not refuse. So ... ", Dean starts saying, has a smile growing on his face," When I die, I'm coming with you.
-Don't worry, Dean Winchester," she begins to say, "I do not come for the angel Castiel, even though I have often been close to come and take it," she adds with a smirk which makes Dean's heart beating faster because of the realization.
- “Professor, I’m sorry”, Castiel says with a very low voice while the girl next to him is looking at him and laughing.
He drops his phone. Well, it's more like the phone slips from his hands, but the result is the same. He doesn't take his phone for a few seconds, making sure no one is behind him, overlooking his shoulders. His heart is beating too quickly and is the proof of his guilt of having such thoughts and being so transparent about it to his best friend.
But a thing his father doesn't know is Meg's plans for their future. When he goes to college - and he wants to – then they will live together, and he will finally be free of doing what he wants to. At least, he hopes so.
-"It's dangerous, Dean", and Dean stops and turns to face him. "I trust you. If you have a plan or not, you know I'm always here, but Lucifer is Lucifer and we shouldn't underestimate him.
- “No, it’s me. I wasn’t looking where I was going”, he adds, followed by a few seconds of silence during which the boy keeps on avoiding to meet his eyes, and the girl – Meg he guesses – is having a good time. “Huh, okay. See you later.”
- He is fine. A good lawyer. Eileen is pregnant so wait a few month and he's gonna be best dad ever", he adds, his voice lost as if on a dream.
Dean's body is burning, and his hands wander around wherever they can cling to Cas's body, his hair, his neck, his shoulders, his biceps, his chest, all he can reach with his hands. And Dean wants more.
- “Fuck”, he spits it out without thinking and then he realizes. “Huh, sorry… I meant… Oh fuck it –“
He hears a few “hello professor” and some students come to talk to him. It’s nice, he thinks, to be able to talk to them so freely since day one. When the bell rings the class is full of faces. People talking to their friends or making new ones, people hiding in the back of the class and even student already ready to note everything he is about to say. All of this makes him smile.
-"Well, we all know Jack wouldn't bring him back," and while Dean says, looking at Jack for confirmation, "so we have to see how it could have happened and if it's someone or something that has managed to resurrect him.
Dean is lying on his bed, the sheets covering his body. He only has to turn his head on the left to discover Castiel's body by his side. He has his eyes closed as if he is sleeping - if Dean forgets the fact that Cas is not moving above the sheets and that makes him look more like a corpse than a living being. Dean lets the panic invade him for two seconds before realizing that the bust of Cas moves. Maybe we should lend him pajamas for next time if next time there is.
-You're right. But Heaven without you is not Heaven, understand?”, he says and immediately found Cas’ lips on his. “Cas, these days with you, it's unbelievable, but it's not enough. And for neither of us."
-“You know that our favorite witch can come here whenever she wants, right? If she pops in here ...”
As promised, he took a quick shower. He doesn't have specific ideas of what he's going to do today, but it'll probably be research and long discussions with Cas about the Empty, and with Sam about Michael and the other hunters. But while showering, a new idea burst in his mind.
Dean's eyes rest on the screen to discover that Cas is doing some research on the strange phenomena of the region. These events have been going on for four days now, and Cas opens a second webpage to show Dean on one side all the strange events listed and their consequences, and on the other side, on a map, he can see Lucifer's recent travels of a certain color, and another one that might correspond to Michael.
But Cas had caught his eye and hurried to put his fingers on his forehead. Immediately, his headache stopped, as well as the stiffness in his body. It was magical. He sighs with relief.
-"You don’t have to apologize. It’s… my mistake. I don’t need to stay here all night long now that you awaken. I didn’t want to scare you…"
It's playing with Dean’s mind. Everything – its voice, its face, its words – are terrifying. There’s no way he could ever be strong enough to beat him with his fists or any other weapons…
-"Okay. Fine. Sam will stay here with Jack to keep going with the hunters to plan to kill Michael and his monsters. I go with Cas and Rowena to look for Lucifer.”
Dean raises his eyes, meeting Missouri's ones. Of course she knows about it. He doesn't know how she can see so well through him. Like she can read him like an open book.
In the note, there is nothing Meg doesn’t already know. But he can’t help feeling relieved when she takes her belongings and leaves his room. He’ll send her a message later. He works thirty minutes more before his homework for the week is finally done.
Right now, Dean is still sleeping, recovering from the possession. Castiel is sitting on the couch in Dean’s room in order to keep an eye on him while he is resting. It’s been a week now that Dean is sleeping, and never waking up. Sam thought about letting Dean in the hands of doctors and nurses, but if they actually did it, Castiel couldn’t do what he was doing right now. No one would have allowed him to stay while being on the hospital, all day long.
It's when Dean also starts brushing his teeth that he hears his brother go down the hall on the other side of the door.
Dean can't help but smile. Sam, Jack and Cas and a few hunters he's met while going to the kitchen and then the library, they all asked him this question. And each time, he's answered he was fine. But this time, in front of his loving mother, he doesn't know what to say.
He looks at his reflection in the mirror. Single, thirty and a hangover like he’s a fucking teenager. Dean Winchester in all his glory.
. comes to an end when Cas finally comes out of the bathroom. Two weeks and Dean is still not used to it. The still wet hair dressed only in shorts (Dean had cracked and had offered him this little visual pleasure) and a black t-shirt, both bought together with other new clothes to enlarge his guard dress. Cas puts his folded suit on the table of the room before coming to sit on the bed.
He hears a goodbye when he grabs his bag, already prepared yesterday when he was sober. Keys and phone in his pockets, and his bag in his hands, he is ready for this whole new year of teaching.
-“Everything indicates through the plans of the angel, that Lucifer is heading north, that's where we should -
-"You just said it: "If you annoy the Shadow enough"," Dean says with a triumphant smile, "someone must be really angry out there, and it's probably visiting earth right now.
-No, I think by doing that, you will just make them run away," Dean hears Sam says. "If we make a circle with Lebanon as a center, we're just going to push Michael's monsters to the borders and they can run away in another country and come back later. You have to put hunters on the borders and shrink the circle instead of enlarging it.”
-So much to write, huh?”, a boy interrupts her from the back of the class and everyone laughs. “Look, Milton”, he adds, and Dean can finally put a face on the voice. “Teach’ just wants to know if you are disabled or whatever and if your father is not beating you to death, at home. Don’t make it about your cats, no one cares about ‘em.”
A quick shower and wearing clothes instead of his old pajamas is far better. Moreover, the aspirin is working and he thanks God for creating such a miracle as this saving-life drug. He jumps when he hears knocks on the door. Charlie. He had forgotten that Charlie was waiting for him in the living room.
Little by little, he falls asleep, vaguely aware of his own heartbeat, which is fastly beating in his body. He is convinced that Cas can feel it, and all the little details to make him understand that Dean does not want to reject him are good to give to Cas.
At best, Crowley agrees and they can show their play at the end of the year, maybe in the gymnasium, with some guests, and families, and friends. In the worst case, however, Crowley is a dick and the project is wiped out before it even starts. This is even worse somehow because he has already chosen his assistant and he would have to tell him. Or maybe Castiel won't even be disappointed... After all, he was very suspicious of Dean's idea, but also quite happy about it. Dean can't tell exactly.
But hey, it's too late now. He knocks at the door, waiting to hear a voice from the other side. A few seconds later, the door opens on a woman. Missouri Moseley, Crowley's secretary. She was already there when Crowley took the place of the last principal, and even when Dean was a mere teenager. Needless to say that he spent a lot of time with her in detention. He remembers doing his homework or drawing stupid things while she was calling his father and then taking care of many things.
Dean chuckles, then sighs. He hasn’t find the time to mourn his relationship with her. He used to think he would marry her and have children with her, but his dreams are all gone. And now, the only thing he can think of is his work or he’ll drink all day long.
- “Remember that girl… Jo Harvell?”, Charlie asks out of the blue while they are eating the pancakes she has just cooked.
He stands up, shaking Crowley’s hand and going back to his office, not even carrying about the couple waiting with Missouri until he hears Crowling’s greetings.
When he wakes up, Dean knows it is about to be a long, long day. He is almost 30 and it’s not his first rodeo, yet today, everything seems… blurry. And, yeah, okay, it is probably because of his hangover but, for his defense, it was unexpected. Well, the hangover was predictable, all right… but not the little party Charlie has organized.
They are the first two words that come to his mind. But he doesn’t know what he was thinking: Meg is his best friend, of course, she knew about his totally-secret-crush-on-a-certain-professor. And maybe she doesn’t know she is right on the first guess. Probably think it’s a joke.
Sam stares at him for a few seconds, hesitating about what to tell to Dean, but the woman answer, so the woman does it for him.
Cas presses his lips on him. Dean must use all his will not to kiss him back. Because to do it would mean to admit that his feelings are reciprocal and would make him die. Because not to do it possible to perpetuate the doubt, or worse to make Castiel believe that it is not reciprocal.
Lunch? It's already that late? He sighs and goes back to rest his head on the table. The coldness of the metal is helping to heal his headache.
-“You as an angel, it's not all of you. It’s only a part of you. I would be very happy to help you if you needed it.
-"No, we will demarcate a circle bigger and bigger”, says a feminine voice. “We need to be organized if we want to get rid of them faster and better.
- “I want to do a piece of theater with one of my class. Different scenes from different pieces of theater, to be more precise. And –
-"You will shower tonight, I will also lend you pajamas if you want ... it will not change anything, but it will at least give the illusion."
In the end, Sam gave him a very good idea: to do different scenes from different works so every student can separate into groups of work and thus, to choose what they want to play. An easy way to make his students take part in the project.
Great. He looks for Ketch's phone number and calls him directly, he is not going to get rid of him so easily. Fortunately for Ketch, he answers from the first ring, because Dean is completely ready to harass him until he's dead or he helped Dean with what he knows.
Everyone chuckles and dean is shocked for a second before he pulls himself together. No one seems to notice, hopefully. He turns to face the read-head in front of him.
Dean thrusts his head into his arms, his forehead resting on the cold metal of the table. He can discern Sam's footsteps over the distance that separates him from Sam. He can’t see his face yet, but at the sound of his voice, he guesses his relief.
-What? Possible? Oh, dear, he did. And better, he did something because of love when you couldn’t do it for your precious angel? Are you sure you love him, because it doesn’t make sense to me. Nick can save an angel from the dead, when you can’t”
"I did not find any spell or potion to summon a… Shadow? I can’t do anything more, I have exhausted all my sources. "
Instead of answering him, Rowena shows him her phone open on an image precisely. When Sam sighs and runs his hand over his face to finally leave it on his mouth, Dean grabs Rowena's arm to see the famous picture. The photo is very poorly framed because Rowena had to hide behind a wall, but Nick is there, in the middle of the shopping center, all the shops around him are devastated and most importantly, his eyes are red, and he smirks. Okay, well, Nick with red eyes and an unleashing of the elements around him, indeed, it's a pretty obvious sign that Lucifer might be back.
Dean nods, and the stay like that until Dean falls asleep, rocked by the breath of Castiel which strokes his neck.
She takes her phone from her coat pocket and opens it on the photo application before handing it to Sam, who widens his eyes as he sees the images.
Dean walks over to the door to hear better over the noise of the toothbrushes that are moving. Dean stops, but Cas just goes slower, so Dean opens the door. It's Sam who just spoke, and the other voice comes from a woman he's never seen, but since Sam looks comfortable with her, she must be part of the AU hunters. Dean hasn't bothered to learn their names, but after looking at her, she vaguely tells him something.
-"Have you already eat, you and Jack?", Dean asks while looking at the entrance to see if someone is coming, but there is no one.
Why the hell does he have a crush on this man?! Why couldn’t it be a classmate? Someone else? Someone less gorgeous and amazing… Either way, he is sure he is about to die because of his racing heart.
- Fine. If your students already know about this project and they want to do it, then I’d be a monster to refuse that to them, right?”
Dean is awakened by a ray of sunshine that passes through the curtains of the window. Lying on his back, he only must turn his head to discern the silhouette of Cas. He is beautiful, sitting on the bed, his back resting against the wall, and reading something on the computer that Dean stole the day before from his brother.
On site, the house is partially burned. The other half is a miracle and Dean praises that the roof would not fall on his head as he walks into the house. Rowena has gone to inspect the floor - what's left of the floor - and Cas has gone to ask questions to the neighborhoods because with his suit he was the only one who could pretend to be an FBI member, Dean having decided the day before not to take his suit.
Dean looks at his phone to find that he has received three messages from Ketch. He could share the messages with Cas and thus keep him informed of the progress of his research. But on the other hand, sharing this with him if it's just bad news would not help their situation. He would read the messages later, and act according to what's inside.
- Yeah, you told me that about a hundred times. I thought you were talking about pervert teachers doing illegal kinds of stuff with underage teenagers, but please, go on talking about the cute and lovely Jo Harvell.”
With his photocopies ready, Dean sets off towards the first class of his day. He likes his room. Probably because it feels like home, and looks like his apartment. Film posters on the walls, a small bookshelf on the right side of his desk and nice curtains.
Dean sighs and stands up. He'll take a shower before going to sleep. Mary smiles to him, and before leaving the library, he drops a kiss on his mother's forehead, he grabs his beer and the book he was reading. It would be useful if he was suffering from insomnia tonight.
-"They could kill a lot of humans", Sam adds, "but they can also set themselves up in the world according to Michael's plans."
Castiel looks up, both amazed and surprised at the belief that Dean has put in his voice. The solution seems clear, though.
The first plan he thought about involve meeting the shadow, punch him or do anything that will break the deal. He is not sure it would work, but he is one of the Winchesters brothers, somehow, he will have something to deal with this shadow, one way or another.
Maybe he is going a little too far, and maybe he has to stop asking such embarrassing questions to Castiel. After all, sentimental conversations are not their forte. In fact, it’s not Dean’s, Castiel is doing pretty well, at least with Jack. But he thinks he is so close for Castiel to tell him…
Dean is breathless and lost. What could he do, now? The Shadow’s in front of him, he is terrified because he underestimated it. Trap him, he remembers saying to Cas, of course, but how exactly.
They haven’t lost this habit, but compared to two weeks ago, Cas has gradually left the top sheets to lie with Dean under them. None of them had any inappropriate gestures, even if sometimes one of them could catch the eyes of the other looking at him, or their lips.
-There are a lot of rooms, we would hear her knocking and screaming on each door”, he jokes but then, he seems to be lost in his thoughts. He finally asks, serious again: “What's the plan?
… and professor Winchester is just here, for him alone. Fine, if it’s a dream, then sure, the teacher is waiting for him because that’s what Castiel wants but… Can he do what he wants to do? It’s just a dream and no one will ever know except him and his conscience. Yet, he can’t imagine facing the man on Thursday, not after all the thoughts in his mind. And the temptation is so tantalizing. It’s like his legs are walking on their own free-will, and here he is, standing in front of the man, very breathless for the little things the teacher has done to him: in just an intense gaze, his legs open in such a suggestive way, the way he said his name, just a few seconds ago...
He doesn't want to go back home. He has an hour left to go to the library of the school to work by himself but he doesn't want to do his homework for now. His parents will probably get mad about him but then again, it would be no different than the other days. Whatever he does, his parents are never satisfied with him. And he is getting tired of it, tired of never reaching his parents' high expectations, and thus, always fail whatever he does.
He had thought that this little family gathering would be tense, but fortunately, no one asked him anything about what he came through. But Dean isn't stupid: he knows this is just a matter of time. They are just enjoying the moment. Jack tells him some feats of the AU hunters while he slept. Sam corrects him sometimes, which makes Dean smiles. Castiel doesn't say anything. He is certainly regretting having kissed Dean, which is something Dean can understand: he would never have dared to do the first step. It was taking the risk of breaking their friendship, and even though he knows it's only a matter of time, Cas knows nothing about it.
of knife”, Dean corrects, and puts it away, “I’m not gonna serve our friends fucked up food, if we can be proper about it.”
And that’s not even the thing that makes his face so sour when he looks at himself from the rear-view mirror.
Cas turns his attention to the spoons and starts to awkwardly fumble with them, like they’d need any arranging, “If Dean’s said something referring to something like that, I promise—”
That’s the moment when Sam Winchester decides to rush in the door, with his brotherly worry and the inability to read the room as he rushes over to Dean, asking a million questions a minute, assuring he’s okay.
“Okay, now”, Cas smiles, trying to calm them down, “maybe we should tone it down a bit before it gets out of hand, what do you think, Goldilocks?” he asks Dean.
“Whatever”, Cas rolls his eyes, but the smile is trying to creep its way back to his lips. He grabs his bag from the counter, “I have to go, see you later.” He waves goodbye to Jack who’s busy destroying the animal crackers Dean gave him.
Cas sighs, “I have to get back to work, Dean”, he explains, “I can’t just call in sick if you’re suddenly hooking up with someone.”
“Cas, I have to say something”, he starts, and Cas looks up, waiting for the man to continue. Dean’s mouth is hanging open a bit, as he tries to find words.
“She’s one of Dean’s friends, I thought you’d know her”, Cas says, frowning. The mystery is solved, when Jack leans in, cupping a hand on Cas’s ear to whisper something.
“Good”, Cas nods to Sam, offering a smile as well. He glances at both of the brothers before grabbing his suit jacket from the chair. “I should probably go now.”
Dean crosses his arms, “He’s turning four and he’s already planning on moving out. Thanks, Sam”, he jokes, pretending to glare at his brother.
Would be nice if people stopped moving cursed objects around and dying because of it in the first place, but you can’t always get what you want.
“I guess”, she says slowly. Cas does his best to keep a neutral face under Charlie’s examining look, standing behind his reaction that felt a bit weird even to himself.
“Hey, Eileen’s here and Sam told me you brought a date too”, Jo points out, “Was I supposed to be alone with you couples, no sir.” She leans towards Dean, lowering her voice:
“People who don’t watch in front of themselves when they walk in a crowded place are hardly innocent”, Cas states, eyes darkening as he shoots an angry glance towards the crowd, looking so much like Jack when he’s mad.
“Ms. Kline was very clear about it on her will”, she nods, “If something were to happen to her, she wishes for Mr. Winchester and Mr. Novak to take care of her son Jack, since there’s no father listed on the records to take that responsibility.”
They’ve fallen into a comfortable silence, but as Dean fills one small bucket with sand before flipping it over, Jody breaks the silence.
"Have your friends met Jack?” Sam asks, and Dean shakes his head no. He has no idea if Cas’s friends have met Jack, but he’s pretty sure the two of them spend their time at home mostly. He doesn't know for sure, because they don't exactly share any detailed parenting stories with each other.
They give each other silent treatment over two episodes of Paw Patrol before it’s time for Jack to get ready for bed, and they have a reason for a new argument.
“Can you read the bedtime story?” he turns to ask Dean, before he could wish him goodnight and leave.
They all shake hands, and the child services worker gestures them to sit down. She’s in her thirties maybe, dressed up like everyone in office jobs, blonde hair on a tight, low ponytail and a friendly, but somehow cold smile on her lips.
Even if he’s getting quite decent at this parenting thing in general, actually going to a playground with other
This kid literally rules their household back at the apartment, but now when he looks up at Dean, he looks like he wants to climb up to his lap and never let go.
Jack stands up on the bed, almost spilling Dean’s coffee. “When is everyone gonna be here?” he asks, definitely landing on Dean under the covers when he walks, and the man gets a pained look on his face.
It’s been almost two weeks since Jack’s birthday and whatever happened after the party. Dean’s bursting with the happy feeling inside him like he never has before, it’s crazy.
“You need some sugar in you, buddy”, Dean laughs and grabs the white paper bag Cas has put down on the picnic blanket.
She seems cool and chill, so as Dean gets up, he offers his hand just in time before the blonde turns away.
“Fine”, the man actually agrees, but his grin is not promising, “We’ll still do you a birthday surprise.”
“I’m not—” Dean doesn’t finish his sentence, just rolls his eyes at Sam’s grinning face before grabbing the keys from his hands and heading out.
“You keep moving like something is bothering you”, Cas turns his face to look at Dean, “Is everything okay?”
And it doesn’t help that Cas is clearly trying to put it all behind and act normal. Dean’s eagerly waiting for the day when that’s even possible, because even being around Cas for too long still hurts so much Dean would be embarrassed about it if he wasn’t so busy being heartbroken.
Dean files the feeling of relief in the same folder where he put the fact that he almost fucking kissed Cas when they were warching a movie, which is labeled ‘
He stands in front of the Paw Patrol ones and hopes Jack doesn’t see them, otherwise they’ll never get out of the fucking store. After carefully examining and giving commentary on
They fall into a silence, staring at each other again. Dean feels like he’s unable to stop smiling, but Cas is smiling too, and Dean could stare at him until sunrise and be damn happy with it.
“She is still in surgery”, Mrs. Kline says, when she lets go of him, wiping her eyes on her sleeve, “They’re not saying much yet.”
They’re trying to be quiet, when they look at the two in the living room. Sam’s tall figure is the only one visible from the kitchen door, his back turned to them.
Or how Cas pinches the bridge of his nose when he’s frustrated, how he rolls up the sleeves of his button down when he comes home from work. He sucks at cooking but he’s a nerd when it comes to coffee or tea, and Dean can’t even begin to describe his taste in movies because it’s just so random.
Dean drives to Sam’s apartment as soon as his shift ends, breaking a few speed limits on his way there, but from the moment his clock showed the time he knew Cas dropped him off he’s been unable to focus on anything other than the fact that Jack’s alone with Sam.
It does. But then Jack drops Rebecca Rabbit into a puddle of mud on their way back home from the park. The start of the apocalypse is set, when Dean, a genius, suggests that they’d throw Rebecca to the washing machine to get her clean and to not have mud stains everywhere she goes.
Cas doesn’t have the heart to tell the kid that they already sent texts to everyone, so they set up a birthday party invitation factory at the kitchen table. He cuts squares of the cardboard for Jack to decorate with glitter, stickers and markers, and he’ll add the time and the date when he’s finished.
That’s the lamest excuse in the book, but the thing is: he wasn’t gonna call the girl in the first place. He’s an ass and he knows it, but there’s no harm in saying
Cas rubs the sleep off his eyes, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “I probably drooled all over your shirt too, I’m sorry.”
Cas is standing in front of the huge mirror on the wall, holding one dress shirt in his hand and wearing another.
Texting with Benny about the plans for the evening reminds Dean of how much his life has changed since Jack. He loves the kid, of course he does, but he also loves his freedom to do whatever he wants whenever he wants, and in moments like these, he realizes how much he misses it. Needless to say, he’s excited to see Benny, and get out of the house tonight and live that life for a moment.
Sam throws himself at Dean the second the two of them enter the kitchen, where he and Eileen are already making breakfast. Dean goes through the ‘quit being such a girl Sammy’ show with eye rolls and all, but Cas sees past that as Dean holds his taller young brother in the tight hug.
They return to the room hand in hand, where sleeping Jack probably didn’t even realize them being gone for a moment.
It’s really hard for Dean to keep his serious face when Cas starts laughing, the sound of it soothing something inside him, like it always does when he gets to hear Cas laugh. He plays his role and gets up, pretending to leave, but Cas grabs his hand, pulling him to sit down again.
He doesn’t know how long he has been in that position, but when he opens his eyes again, Castiel is at his side, shoulder to shoulder because of the smallness of the furniture.
When Dean wakes up, he feels particularly good. Even amazingly good, as if he was not supposed to be. He had no nightmares that night, some vague memories, for sure, but nothing that forced him to wake up in the middle of the night, out of breath and in shock.
He doesn’t say anything, but this silence is different from the one with his father. He sits on the chair on his desk and takes out the last homework he has to do. For sure, Meg hasn’t done it and that’s why he waited to be with her to do them.
With these words, Dean puts both his hands flat on the table, determined, and begins to get up to go prepare his bag for his little trip.
He walks in the corridor, towards his locker. It is not far from the entrance so it's freezing. At least, his trench coat is keeping him warm, even a little. He opens his locker, finding in it books, books, and even more books. And three photographs. One of Meg and him, one of Gabe and him. The last one is a photograph taken by Gabe, a  long time ago.
-"No, we're just checking if this is true", he says while avoiding Rowena's gaze and immediately feels the need to justify himself, "Rowena is coming with us to prevent any problems from him. Maybe he is not so powerful, maybe he is full power. Anyway, with Rowena's powers, we'll be able to bring him back more easily."
Dean could only smile at this. What could a small troop of hunters do against the most powerful archangels? But he needs a little hope, so he does not contradict Castiel.
His two next classes allow him to talk about the program as he already decided not to talk about his project of a piece of theater to focus on his lessons. It is already time for lunch when all his students leave his class.
As soon as he is done, he pulled himself out of his sheets but turning to get out of bed, his head begins to spin. He waits a few seconds while Castiel’s hand had come to rest on his forearm as if to support him. Slowly, Dean gets up and helped by Cas for the first steps, he finally reaches the bathroom door.
-« I’ve healed you, so you will not have any after-effect. I did try for your mental health, but I guess it’s better if we talk first… If you want, of course.
-"He said you are fine, even if your physical and mental condition is not at its best yet. I guess it takes time, like every time.", he says before adding more quietly "We'll help you. "
- “I hate your phone”, he says through clenched teeth. “For fuck’s sake, how am I supposed to go to class like this.” He achieves to walk towards the living room. No one is here. Not even benny on the couch.
- “Well that, Anna, is one of the many questions we need to answer (he says as he rubs his hands with impatience). Does anyone has an idea about a play we could do?”
He feels something leaning against his upper back, a pressure of affection. It must be Sam, but when he looks up, he can’t see the door of the room closing. The panic has subsided, he can then be aware of the breath of Cas who comes to caress his ear. He manages to pull away from his embrace to avoid making any mistake, and he leans his head against the wall behind him.
Every morning, when he wakes up, Dean turns to Cas to make sure he's still here and he's fine. And every morning, Dean finds Cas busy reading, or on his phone, or watching shows on the internet. On the other hand, every night, Castiel is still waiting patiently and in the dark as Dean falls asleep. He has never said how much Cas' presence at his side reassures him. Maybe he should, but he supposes that Cas already knows it now.
- “Now, let’s talk about literature. I am giving you out the plan of the lessons for the year. Ah! Now that I think of it”, he stops in the middle of the class, studying each face as he keeps talking. “I want to do a new project in high school and it’s a piece of theater (he hears a slight revolt in the class). Yes, I know, I said piece of theater, but thanks to my lessons, you will quickly be enjoying it. I am looking forward to your ideas and volunteers.
The idea looks completely stupid now that he says it out loud, but he guesses it's also because Cas makes no movement to catch the toothbrush.
He turns on his feet to look at her. Looks great, maybe one participant of whatever the piece would be.
The most heartbreaking scene was certainly having to see Dean living the life he would like to have. Being a bartender, listening to the stories of drunk people, most likely hook up with the most beautiful women, calming down every fight between customers… But above all, having a life without the supernatural. A normal life.
Dean looks at his brother's. He doesn't even know how to convince him without revealing what he has just thought about. Because if Lucifer is back, maybe the Shadow is for something. Anyway, going to hunt Lucifer is the only chance he has for the moment to be able to contact this thing. And some time alone with Cas is not a surplus, even if Rowena's going to be there with them, she is there for security against Lucifer by being the most powerful witch, and more importantly, she's not Sam. Telling Sam his little secrets, Dean's not ready for that. He hasn't even told Cas about him, even if Cas isn't stupid.
